>UBLISHED
TIMES A MONTH
^ J* -	c v ^ N

Blessings on Thee
‘b.vjd:,
in These Hot
Summer Days’

“Next to
myself
1 like

‘B.V.D/ best”

“B.V.D.”

Union Suit

(Patented Features)

Men’s $1.50 the suit
Youths’ 85c

“B.V.D.”

Shirts and Drawers
85c the garment

      Men’s “B.V.D.” Underwear
           in Fancy Materials at
           Various Prices

The B.V.D. Company, Inc.
New York

Sole Makers of “B.V.D.” Underwear

TO place within the means of every man
the precious, but now common comfort of
a daily change of good, cool underwear, was
one of the original ideals of The B.V.D. Com-
pany, Inc.

To keep “B.V.D.” unquestionably the best
underwear of its type in the world has been
the ideal ever since.

Decades of unparalleled and steadily increasing
popularity attest its attainment.

To avoid those underwear “regrets” which
rise so sharply with the thermometer—

QET THE UNDERWEAR YOU ASK FOR!
There is only one “B.V.D.”

Insist upon this red woven label:

'MADETToR^rHE”

         B.VD.

               BEST RETAIL TRADE

 857

                       (Bade Mark Reg USFbt Off and Foreign Countries)

© 1925
The B.V.D.Co.,Inc.
ADVENTURE

i

8 Day Tours—$90 and up

Including all Expenses. Longer Tours in Proportion
Bermuda is Cool in Summer

Average Summer Temperature 77 degrees

All Outdoor Sports

Sailing, Bathing, Golf, Tennis, Crystal Caves, Sea Gardens, etc.
No Passports Required
SAILINGS TWICE WEEKLY

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw, Oil-Burning Transatlantic Liners

S. S. “Fort Victoria” and
S. S. “Fort St. George”

4 Delightful Yachting Cruises (No Freight)

Leaving New York July 11-25, Aug. 8-22

Via Palatial, Twin-Screw

S. S. “FORT HAMILTON”

Stopping One Day (each way) at Halifax and Two Days at
Quebec. Magnificent Scenery, Smooth Water, Cool Weather,
Orchestra for Dancing

For Illustrated Booklets on Bermuda or Canadian Cruise write

FURNESS BERMUDA LINE

34 Whitehall St., N. Y., or any Local Tourist Agent

Want

$50oo

                  This and more can
 be yours in exchange
 for a few spare hours
 of your time. By
 adopting a plan that
 is unique in its simplicity, you can increase your
 income with little or no effort. Just mail a card
 to us today. We will send you a complete
 outfit and full particulars.

Staff Agencies Division
Box 5018, Spring and Macdougnl Streets, New York

           STUDY AT HOME

                          Become a lawyer. Legally trained
                        men win the highest positions and
                        biggest success in business and public
                        life. Be independent. Greater oppor-
                        ' tunities.now than ever before. Big
                        r corporations are beaded by men with
                        legal training. Earn
                        $5,000 to $10,000 Annually

                  We guide you step by step. You can train at
  RT o •> p“°me during spare time. Degree of LL. B. conferred.
  V LaSalle students practicing law in every state. We furnish all
  text material, including fourteen-volume Law Library. Low cost,
  fceasy terms. Get our valuable 108-page “Law Guide” and
  » Evidence books free. Send for them NOW.

JLaSalle Extension University, Dept. 7367-L, Chicago
The World’s Largest Business Training Institution

21 Jewels

  Nothing less than 21 Ruby and Sapphire jewels Is
  good enough for the Burlington masterpiece.

Quality and Style

  Adjusted to the second—temperature—lsochron-
  Ism— positions. 25 year Gold Strata Case, in 100 ex-
  quisite designs. Only SI down. Balance in small
  monthly payments. Send for free book.

Burlington «£££»»

       19th Street and Marshall Boulevard
       Dept. B-146 Chicago, Illinois

 The only man who
  could talk to the
  Superintendent

 “CjOON after I began studying,” a student wrote
 O to us the other day, “we had a change in
 management at our plant. I certainly was glad
 then that I had decided to study in my spare time.
 For, thanks to my I. C. S. course, I was the only
 man in the organization who could talk to the
 Superintendent in his own language. As a result,
 1 was promoted over men who had been here from
 ten to twenty years. My salary has been increased
 90% in the last ten months.”

T'HAT’S a true story of what just one I. C. S. student
has done. There are thousands of others. Every mail
brings letters from men and women telling of promotions
and increases in salary due directly to spare-time study.

One hour a day, spent with the I. C. S. in the quiet of
your own home, will prepare you for success in the work
you like best. Yes, it will I Put it up to us to prove it.
Mail this Coupon to-day

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2015-E, Scranton, Penna.

     Without cost or obligation, please tell me how I can qualify for
  the position or in the subject before which I have marked an X:
  BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES
  □Business Management	□ Salesmanship

  □	Industrial Management	□ Advertising

  □	Personnel Organization	□ Better Letters

  □	Traffic Management	□ Show Card Lettering

 □	Business Law	□ Stenography and Typing

  □	Banking and Banking L^w □ Business English

  □	Accountancy (includingC.P.A.) DCivil Service

  □	Nicholson Cost Accounting □ Bailway Mail Clerk

 □	Bookkeeping	□ Common School Subjects

  □	Private Secretary	□ High School Subjects

 □	Spanish	□ French	Dlllustrating □ Cartooning
      TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

                                       Architect

                                       Architects* Blueprints
                                       Contractor and Builder
                                       Architectural Draftsman
                                       Concrete Builder
                                       Structural Engineer
                                       Chemistry □ Pharmacy
                                       Automobile Work
                                       Airplane Engines
                                       Navigation

                                       Agriculture and Poultry
                                       Mathematics

 □	Electrical Engineering

 □	Electric Lighting

 □	Mechanical Engineer

 □	Mechanical Draftsman

 □	Machine Shop Practice

 □	Bailroad Positions

 □	Gas Engine Operating

 □	Civil Engineer

 □	Surveying and Mapping

 □	Metallurgy

 □	Steam Engineering

 □	Radio

                                       
Street                          3-6-24 
                                       
Occupation....................         
Persons residing in Canada should send this coupon to the Interna-
tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal^ Cattada.

ADVENTURE
July 30th, 1925

Published three times a month by The Ridgfway Company at Spring: and Macdougal Sts., New York,	Volume 53

N. Y. Yearly subscriptioo $6.00 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class

matter Oct. 1. 1910, at the post-office at New York, N. Y.. under tbe act of March J. 1879,	Number 6
2

ADVENTURE

The Toll of Water

Three little ships

weighed anchor in the
harbor of Palos, Spain, four
hundred and thirty-three
years ago and set sail upon a
perilousadventure; 88 hardy,
hopeful souls faced the un-
known. Had Columbus and
his men gone down who can
say what the history of
America would have been?

Imagine a fleet of 68 Santa
Marias, 68 Pintos and 68
Ninas—204 ships in all—
going to the bottom of the
sea with every one of their	“Imagine a

crews drowned! Then you
will have some idea of the number of persons
who perished last year in the United States from
drowning accidents. More than 6,000 drowned.

knowing the depth or what
lies beneath the surface—
who swims far out, disre-
garding unknown currents,
undertow and cramps.

Learn to swim—not alone
because swimming is joyous
recreation and splendid exer-
cise—but so that you can
save your own life and the
lives of others if called upon.
Swimming is not at all a dif-
ficult accomplishment. Once
learned it cannot be forgot'
ten. Good instructors may
be found almost every'
where. It is of highest
importance to be well taught.

Your Chance to Save a Life

Day after day, all through the summer, you read
the tragic story of death by drowning. Some one
dares a beginner to swim out to the raft. Or
perhaps the water is too rough. Even the
strongest swimmers take unnecessary chances.
“Go ahead, be a sport” has brought disaster to
thousands.

Don’t Be a “Sport”—Be a Sportsman

There is a vast difference between a sport and
a sportsman. The sportsman is courageous and
willingly hazards his life for others—but he is
not a daredevil.

The sport, showily daring, is the one who does
stunts to dazzle onlookers—who dives without

There is one thing that everybody, young and old,
should know how to do—revive the apparently
drowned. Often they are not dead	= ■

though life seems to be extinct. Pa- (' ' ,s
tient, persistent manipulation of the	, '

right kind would bring them back to
consciousness. It is heartbreaking
to think of the lives that could have
been saved if some one in the crowd,
standing paralyzed with horror, had
but known the simple manipulations
necessary to rekindle the vital spark.

This summer, be prepared. Never
court danger but be ready to meet
the great hazard that sometimes
lurks in water sports.

 Jk
 1^-'

  hc&ih'

KsV'

  During the months of July, August and Septem-
  ber, deaths from accidents lead all other causes—-
  except heart disease and tuberculosis—among the
  22,000,000 policyholders in the Metropolitan
  Life Insurance Company. Deaths from drowning
  are at their height during these months.

  In July 1924 the number of deaths among Metro-
  politan policyholders from drowning was about
  twice as many a6 from typhoid fever and diph-
  theria together.

  It is the duty of parents to have their children
  instructed in swimming and the art of resus-
  citation, so that the danger from drowning at-

 tending summer vacations may be minimized.
 The Metropolitan has prepared a booklet, “ Arti-
 ficial Respiration *’ which shows by diagrams just
 how to restore breathing by manipulation of the
 apparently drowned body, as well as what to do
 in the case of gas suffocation or electric shock.
 Carbon monoxide poisoning claims an increasing
 number of victims each year because it is not
 generally known that artificial respiration, ap-
 plied in time, will restore life. The information
 contained in this booklet is valuable and may be
 wanted any moment. The booklet will be mailed
 free. Send for it. HALEY FISKE, President.

Published by

METROPOLITAN LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY-NEW YORK

Biggest in the World, More Assets, More Policyholders, More Insurance in force, More new Insurance each year

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
Published Three Times a Month by The Ridgway Company

J. H. GANNON. President	C. H. HOLMES, Secretary and Treasurer

Spring: and Macdougal Streets - - New York, N. Y.

6, Henrietta St., Covent Garden, London, W. C., England

 Entered as Second-Class Matter. October 1. 1910. at the	idtuiib cfti i nriM-r uappuam

 Post-Office at New York. N. Y.. under the Act of March 3. 1879.	ARTHUR SULLIVANT HOFFMAN, Editor

Yearly Subscription, $6.00 in Advance	Single Copy, Twenty-Five Cents

Foreign Postage. $3.00 additional. Canadian Postage, 90 cents.

 Trade-Mark Registered; Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britajn. Entered at

Stationers’ Hall, London, England.

 The editor assumes no risk for manuscripts and illustrations submitted to this magazine, but he will use all due care while

they are in his hands.

Contents for July 30th, 1925, Issue

Knaves of Spades A Complete Novel ..... Georges Surdez	1

      French Colonies—the spirit of Edmond Chaptel was not easily broken.

Top Horse from Hogjaw.......Alan LeMay	79

      Cattle Country—which bronc was a jump ahead?

The Mutiny	S. B. H. Hurst	86

      Sea—Captain Parrot was no sky pilot.

Fate and the Fish-hooks Convicts at Sea . .	Thomas Dunbabin	96

The Bold Dragoon A Four-Part Story Part III . .	Leonard H. Nason	99

      England, 1753—“Keep your purse. You have the wrong man!”

The Old Saloon Verse	......Bill Adams	123

The Killer, the King and the Wise Man ...	Nevil Henshaw	124

      Louisiana—Fate in the thrown cards.

Baseball Is ’Ell Verse.......Hubert Kelley	132

South of Sarajevo........Fred. F. Fleischer	134

      Near East—when the Gipsies came.

 Occasionally one of our stories will be called an “Off-the-Trail" story, a warning that it is in some way different from the
 usual magazine stories, perhaps a little different. perhaps a good deal. It may violate a canon of literature or a custom of maga-
 zines, or merely be different from the type usually found in this magazine. The difference may lie in unusual theme, material,
 ending, or manner of telling. No question of relative merit is involved.

(Continued on next page)

3
(Continued from preceding page)

The Parson and the Injun.......Albert William Stone	140

      West—there was a sympathy between them.

Naval Duelists A Matter of Honor	. . .	Eugene Cunningham	149

The Bird of Fortune........Rolf Bennett	150

      Waterfront—Bill wanted a parrot in the hand.

Wells, Wells, Wells! A Complete Novelette .... Thomson Burtis	154

      Texas—Slim Evans steered for a smash.

The Camp-Fire A free-to-all meeting-place foi readers, writers and adventurers

Camp-Fire Stations.........

Lost Trails...........

Various Practical Services Free to Any Reader ....

Ask Adventure..............

       A free question and answer service bureau of information on outdoor life and activities every
       where. Comprising seventy geographical sub-divisions, with special sections on Radio
       Mining and Prospecting, Weapons, Fishing, Forestry, Aviation, Army Matters, North Ameri
       can Anthropology, Health on the Trail, Railroading, Herpetology and Entomology.

Old Songs That Men Have Sung..........

The Trail Ahead..............

Headings..............Neil 0

 171

 187

 187

 182

 183

  191

 192
 Keeffe

Cover Design.............A. L. Ripley

 One New Serial and Three Complete Novelettes

     MEN OF all trades, men of all nations and races, men of all castes rushed to the gold fields.
     Old San Francisco was the bubbling cauldron of the world’s dissatisfied. Here gold
     was dear, but life was valued as nothing. “DAYS OF ’49” is a six-part story by Gordon
     Young beginning in the next issue.

    WARY Captain Mac was not given to rash judgments. But when a knife flashed on the
    Penguin who could help suspecting the ill-favored Taber? “THREE KEGS OF SPECIE,”
    in the next issue, is a complete novelette by John Webb.

     T7URVENAL had all the instincts of the jungle, and a strange mingling of white and savage
     -**■ morals. He found that both were necessary to gain the “name of honor.” “BROWN
     KURVENAL,” a complete novelette by H. Bedford-Jones, will appear in the next issue.

    DECK-HAND Mulligan swore the mate was a coward and the Sailors’ Mission a nuisance.
    “THE MIRACLE AT THE MISSION,” a complete novelette by W. Townend, will be in
    the next issue.

  Other stories in the next issue are forecast on the last page of this one.

 Adventure is out on the 10th, 20th and 30th of each month

4
ADVENTURE

Co-

\Vkat a whale of a difference
just a few cents maKe

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
6

ADVENTURE

CHRISTIANITY
ON BROADWAY

Excerpts from editorial in
The Daily Reporter, White Plains, N. Y,
By IV. Livingston Lamed

AN UNUSUAL project has been
■ set in motion in New York. A
“Business Building” is to rise on
Broadway, at 173rd Street, dedi-
cated to Christianity. To be known
as the “Broadway Temple,” it will
contain a church, offices, auditori-
ums, schools, hotel accommodations,
cafeterias, etc. And to a large ex-
tent, it will be erected by popular
subscription. Individuals buy bonds,
representing a 5 per cent invest-
ment and the total cost will be ap-
proximately $4,000,000.

   It is the first undertaking of its kind, and
has so many amazing features that we will
do well to observe some of these innovations.
For this is a combination of church and sky*
scraper. Business and Christianity will be
housed under one roof.

This Broadway Temple is, in a sense, a
gigantic symbol of the uncontrovertible fact
that Godliness can and should be continuous.

   Broadway will be the better for a substan-
tial reminder of this Holy Presence. From
e vqry vantage point, on sunny days, or nights
filled with the sinister menace of storm, a
high-flung cross of unquenchable light will
be visible, glittering against the heavens.
And he will murmur to himself, reverently,
“The Holy Spirit bides with me, wherever
I may be, walking or sleeping."

  Broadway Temple will cover 26,000
square feet of foundation space, facing a
whole block on Broadway, it will have a
beautiful tower, 24 stories high; six million
people will see a revolving cross of light,
34 feet high, on its topmost pinnacle. The
church auditorium will seat 2200; there will
be Sunday school rooms, a social hall and
every modern convenience for religious and
community work. An apartment hotel in the
tower is to contain 644 rooms, public offices
and dining halls. Apartments for house-
keeping in the two wings will accommodate
500 persons. And there are stores fronting
on Broadway.

   In exploiting this magnificent and ambi-
tious plan, its sponsors say: “A 5- per cent
investment in your Fellow Man’s Salvation,
Broadway Temple is to be a combination of
Church and Skyscraper, Religion and Rev-
enue, Salvation and ? per cent—and the ?
per cent is based on ethical Christian
grounds."

   Broadway Temple is more than a revolu-
tionary idea, more than a sound investment,
more than an architectural wonder of the
age; it represents a spiritual stepping-stone
in man s climb upward to the Cross.

trcBuy These Bonds
and Let God
Come to Broadway”

Religion and Revenue

Glorified by a Wonderful Ideal

 The Directors who will con-
 duct this business enterprise,
 the men with whom you, as
 an investor, will be associ-
 ated, are some of the keenest
 and best-known business
 men in New York. They are
 President: Ellis L. Phillips,

  Pres. Long Island Lighting Co.
  Arthur J. Baldwin, Vicc'President
  McGraw'Hill Publishing Co.
  Carl H. Fowler, Vice'President,
  Fowler & Holloway.

  Samuel McRoberts, Treasurer,
  Chatham & Phoenix T^at'l Ban\
  & Trust Co.

  W. R. Comfort, President,

  Reid Ice Cream Co.

  Charles A Frueauff,

  Frueauff, Robinson Sloan.
  Frank De K. Huyler,

  President of Huyler's.

  E. V. P. Ritter,

  Formerly Pres. Grand Central
  Palace.

  M. G. Collins,Vice'President,Broker
  Watson S. Moore, Vice'President,
  Formerly V.P. U. S. Grain Corp.
  Frederick Kraft, Secretary,

  Kraft Cheese Co.

  Hon. Royal S. Copeland,

  U. S. Senator.

  Lamar Hardy,

  Former Corporation Counsel.
  Robert H. Montgomery,

  Lybrand, Ross Bros. & Mont-
  gomery.

  W. P. Tanner,

  W. P. Tanner'Gross Co.

. BROADWAY TEMPLE
A Twentieth Century Cathedral, Church.
Hotel, Stores, Apartment House;
Self-Supporting, Community-Serving

 Why this is a SAFE Investment

 Merely as an investment the Bonds of the Broadway Temple are
 inviting as a business proposition. Ewing, Bacon 6? Henry, real estate
 experts in a letter to Donn Barber, the architect, set forth the follow-
 ing conservative estimate of income:

 Rental from stores..........$27,500

          Income from two apartment houses . . . 166,290
          Income from apartment hotel.....402,300

 _	Total annual income. . . . $596,090

  Total expenses and interest and taxes. . 470,500
  Leaving a net surplus for the bond holders of $125,590 Annually.

  Gen. Samuel McRoberts, Treas.

  Chatham Phoenix National Bank 6? Trust Co.

  149 Broadway, New York City

     I hereby subscribe to $...............— in Broadway Temple Second Mortgage

  GOLD BONDS, income bearing at the rate of 5 % per year. I agree to make
  payments as follows: 10% of total amount when my subscription is accepted,
  and 10% every sixty days thereafter until paid in full.

    IF YOU WANT DETAILS ONLY, SEND COUPON BELOW
    —Before I send in my subscription please send complete details showing how
    I may make this investment with safety of principal and interest at 5 %.

Name.__________________________________________________________________________

       Address..
       City........

                                                   -State-

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

7

$400

Profit for Only
3 Subscriptions

 Think how quickly and easily you could
 secure three subscriptions to this wonder-
 ful magazine—Adventure. Just so quickly
 you would earn a profit of $4.00. You
 can do it not only once—but over and
 over again.

 Hundreds of men and women, old and
 young—in little towns and big cities—are
 earning $10, $15 and more every week,
 by merely giving their SPARE TIME
 to the pleasant occupation of securing
 Ridgway subscriptions. You can do the
 same. Couldn't you use this extra money
 for new clothes—things for your home,
 yourself and yours?

   NO EXPERIENCE-
   ONLY SPARE TIME

 We pay you from the very start—liberal
 commissions and generous salaries; and
 we have three other big popular money-
 making magazines for you also.

 Sample copies and complete supplies
 sent you FREE. Write today for full
 details so that you can start earning
 money at once.

 Join Our Busy Money-Makers-
 -Clip This Coupon NOW!—

 Box 5017, Adventure

  Spring and Macdougal Streets, New York City

         Please send me. without obligation, full particulars
  of your easy money-making plan.

Name.................................................................................

.Street....................................................................................

City.....................................................State..........................

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
8

ADVENTURE

“Our eight-year-old girl would lose weeks of school work,
besides being incapacitated while she was in school from
attacks of stomach trouble. I decided to give Fleischmann’s
Yeast a trial. I began with half a cake mixed with peanut
butter on bread, and then I served it in many different ways.
My child has never had another attack of stomach trouble
since I gave her yeast. Yeast is just as good for children as
for grown-ups.”	Mrs. G. A. Viele, Costa Mesa, Cal.

“After i gave birth to my child, I felt very much ‘run
down.’ I had constant trouble with my stomach, and what
troubled me most—I suffered from terrible sties. Finally an
eye specialist prescribed Fleischmann’s Yeast. In two months
there wasn’t a trace left of the sties. My complexion improved
wonderfully. I no longer have an aversion for food. And I
manage to keep and look young with the help of Fleischmann’s
Yeast.”	Mrs. Sarah Steinhardt, New York City.

^What Everybody Knows

The danger of clogged intestines
The evils of digestive troubles
and disfiguring skin eruptions
The tragedy of lowered vitality

NOT a “cure-all,” not a
medicine in any sense—
Fleischmann’s Yeast is simply a
remarkable fresh food.

  The millions of tiny active yeast
plants in every cake invigorate
the whole system. They aid di-
gestion—clear the skin—banish
the poisons of constipation. Where
cathartics give only temporary
relief, yeast strengthens the intes-
tinal muscles and makes them
healthy and active. And day by
day it releases new stores of energy.

  All grocers have Fleischmann’s
Yeast. Start eating it today! Buy
several cakes at a time—they will

keep fresh in a cool dry place for
two or three days. And let us send
you a free copy of our latest book-
let on Yeast for Health. Health
Research Dept. Z-18, The
Fleischmann Company, 701 Wash-
ington Street, New York City.

(LEFT)

“Invalided from Royal Navy with
chronic constipation. Went to India. . . .
Advised to try Canada. Was just able to
get into army, but after 2^ years in
trenches, returned to Canada totally unfit
and pensioned. In 1919 I gave Fleisch-
mann’s Yeast a fair trial, thank God. Six
months afterward I passed for life insur-
ance and my pension stopped. I am now
absolutely fit and never need a laxative;
and this after over 20 years of suffering.”
Herbert J. Parrott, Calgary, Alta.

Eat 2 or 3 cakes regularly every day be-
fore meals: on crackers — in fruit juices
or milk—or just plain. For constipation
especially, dissolve one cake in hot water (not
scalding) night and morning.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
Jul^

30.1923.

VoT.LIII No.6

Knaves of Spades

    a Complete Hovels

 hy Georges Surdez.

Author of “The Tool of Allah,” “Sudanese Trailsetc.

 NOTHER specimen with pro-
 nounced facial asymmetry,”
 the doctor said. “The nose
 deviates; the jaw is bestial.

any scars

  Seated before the table were two military
doctors, a captain and a lieutenant. The
captain, nearing fifty, graying beard, gold-
rimmed spectacles, did most of the talking.

  The man in question stood before them,
naked. His face was sinister, and, in spite
of the powerful muscles on his long limbs,
the pasty pallor of his face made him appear
ill. A tattoo mark spread on his chest,
blurred indistinct, as if the needle had been
used to erase a previous handiwork.

  “Saying what’s wrong with my face won’t
help me, Doctor,” he said aggressively.

  “If I had told the lieutenant that you
showed symptoms of liver trouble,” sug-

gested the officer patiently, “you would not
be angry. You’re no more to blame for
your face than for your liver. We note
your characteristics, see the way you react
and learn. Some time it may help us save
some other poor fellow.”

  “I’m a sort of human guinea-pig, then?
I’m on to your bluff. You get paid for
this. That’s all you worry about.”

  “A word of advice—” the doctor re-
sumed. “You see the stripes on my coat?
I happen to be first a doctor, then an officer.
Therefore, I understand you mean no harm.
But usually it is foolish to speak defiantly.
Get dressed!”

  He turned to his aid.

  “Discouraging. The immense majority
are in the same class. Worthless mothers,
no father, or deprived of both. Something
should be done. But who knows what?

Copyright, 1925, by The Ridgway Company in the United States and Great Britain. All rights reserved.	1
2

Adventure

We can’t change the ways of humanity over
night.”

  He shrugged wearily, helpless before the
misery of the world seeping into his in-
spection room.

  “Next!” he called sharply.

  As if in a dream, Edmond Chaptel moved
forward.

  He was aware of his comrades, lolling
against the walls of the room in various
stages of undress, exchanging guarded words
occasionally, and of the sergeant in charge,
standing by the open door. The kepi was
clamped solidly on his small head, secured
by the narrow chin-strap circling the mas-
sive jaws.

  He was a machine, a cog without personal
feelings. His walk was mechanical. On
the way from the depot, Chaptel had been
fascinated by the regular steps, and by the
precision of his voice, a voice that tolled off
orders as a clock ticks off seconds. He was
the personification of the military grind, the
grind that had seized Chaptel for two
years, perhaps longer, if the tales he had
heard were true.

  At the age of twenty-one, Frenchmen are
called to the colors. Every year, among
the thousands called for duty, there exists a
small proportion of young men who have al-
ready served terms in prison. To mix them
with the sound, normal elements that form
the home regiments would prove unwise.
Special units perforce were created to re-
ceive them: The African Battalions of
Light Infantry, the Bataillons d’Infanterie
Legere d’ Afrique the famous Bat’ d’Af’,
garrisoned in North Africa.

  Chaptel had just arrived to join the xst
Battalion, in Ain Saffra. This meant that
he had served, before his twenty-first birth-
day, at least six months in prison. Yet
there was nothing of the conventional
prisoner about him. He himself knew that
he had shaken off the effects of his half-year
sojourn within walls, knew that he had re-
acted against environment, and was as
sound mentally and morally as he had ever
been. But the law is the law and knows no
exception?

  He had joined his present comrades in
Lyons. Two days, three days, more than a
week, he had been with them. Yet they
kept him out of their conversations, out of
their lives, feeling evidently that although
with them he was not one of their kind.
Queer fellows, a collection of nightmare faces,

men who spoke a slang foreign to him. Pro-
truding jaws, low foreheads, thick lips that
twisted, thin lips that sneered—and eyes
that did not meet the glance squarely.

  In the train from Lyons to Marseilles,
and on the boat that carried them from
France to Algeria across the Mediterranean,
Chaptel had attempted to make friends or,
at least, a friend. This was his first long
voyage, his first adventure into far coun-
tries, and sentiments surged within him for
expression. Once, impressed by the mag-
nificence of sea and sky, by the unusual
warmth of the air, by the glow of the more
powerful sun, he had remarked to the near-
est man concerning the peculiar sensations
all this aroused in him, something also of
hope for the future. The other had looked
upon him in bewilderment, had shrugged
and walked away.

  The voice of the captain broke through
his reverie, a curt reminder that the inspec-
tion room was no place for musing.

   He answered questions as to his name, age,
place of birth, was measured and weighed.
After these preliminaries, the doctor thumped
his chest, examined his teeth, his eyes.

  “No trace of degeneracy. No tattoo
marks,” he dictated. Then commented:
“Unusual specimen. A case in a thousand.
Doesn’t belong here.”

  Mutely, Chaptel agreed with him.
  “Criminal record?” the doctor questioned.
  “Six months in prison.”

  “Stealing?”

   Chaptel flushed.

  “No, Doctor.”

  “Women?”

  “No, Doctor.”

  “What did you do?”

  “Struck a gendarme. He lost an eye.”
The men on the benches overheard, and
laughed. One or two yelled in mock ap-
plause.

  The sergeant by the door opened his
mouth, and a command hurtled like a
bullet—

   “Still!”

  “You seem a good sort of a fellow,” the
doctor declared. “This will be only a pass-
ing trial for you. Don’t allow yourself to
sink. I’m noting your name. With good
conduct you will be allowed to enter a regu-
lar regiment at the end of eight months.”
“Thank you, Doctor.”

  “Get dressed.”

  Back to his place on the bench, Chaptel
Knaves of Spades

3

dressed leisurely. For the first time he
felt hopeful. The doctor evidently meant
what he said. And eight months was not
an eternity.

  “I knifed a cop myself,” boasted the
youth next to him. “But I didn’t get
caught. They pinched me breaking into a
store one night.”

  Chaptel was spared further details. The
vigilant sergeant invited the young man to
silence.

  When the last of the men had been ex-
amined, they glanced expectantly at the
sergeant, wondering what was to happen
next. Then a fellow whom Chaptel had
never seen before, came out and stood be-
tween the two doctors.

HE WAS of average height. But
he was broad, his arms were enor-
mous, his back muscles swelled
abnormally. His legs were aston-
ishingly slender for a man of his bulk, wiry,
covered with hair. Tattooed across his back
appeared a crudely executed drawing: An
army officer in full uniform, crucified. Above
the head, the legend stood out in bold let-
ters: Mort aux Vaches. Death to Cows,
the battle cry of the Paris apache. Just as
every member of detective and police forces
in America is a “bull,” he is branded a “cow”
in France. Why the feminine? Greater del-
icacy of language, who knows?

  The newcomer saluted the doctors re-
spectfully.

  “I’ve seen you before. What’s your
name?”

  “Achille Duval. Yes, you saw me be-
fore, Doctor. You have a sacred good
memory. I’m the man who served five
years in the penitentiary for assaulting a
sergeant.”

  “I remember you. Got a new tattoo, eh?
You think that drawing on your back artis-
tic, pretty?”

  “Not at all, Doctor. I told the fool who
did it to give me something distinguished,
out of the ordinary. That’s what I got.
It’s too big to disguise, ain’t it?”

  Duval glanced quickly about the room.
When the black eyes struck his own glance,
Chaptel felt a sort of shock in the pit of the
stomach.

  Duval was attractive, and at the same
time, repellent. He was not good looking
in the strictest sense of the word. His nose
was too broad, the jaws too powerful. But

he was beautiful as an animal is beautiful,
with the suggestion of intense physical
strength, of immense possibilities for love
and hatred. His eyebrows, thick and dark,

almost, met across his face, and only a nar-
row strip of forehead showed between them
and the crisp black hair, hair that was still
bristling, newly grown on his shaven head.

  “You’ve come back here to finish your
term. You have only three months to
serve,” the doctor went on. “You, better
than any one else, know what the military
penitentiary is like. You don’t want to get
back there. Keep yourself in hand, Duval,
and don’t seek quarrels with non-coms.”
Duval half turned, and glared at the
sergeant, his teeth bared in a sort of grin.

  “It’s hard to hold in, Doctor,” he said
loudly. “Most of them treat us like dogs.
This sergeant, for instance. I remember
him. His nose deviates, his jaws are strong
as a bulldog’s. He should be with us, not
over us.”

“That’s no way to start out,” the doctor
admonished. “You’ll offend the sergeant.”
“No, Doctor,” the non-com offered, with-
out moving from his post. “What that scum
says don’t touch me any.”

  But Chaptel, who was watching him
closely, saw the blood ebb from his neck
gradually, and his tiny eyes followed Duval.

  “Forget it, Sergeant!” ordered the doctor.
“Duval was joking. The hospital is not the
barrack-yard, and what’s said here doesn’t
concern the outside.”

  He gathered his papers and signified to
the sergeant that he could clear the room.

  “Fixe! Get out into the yard, all of you!”
the non-com ordered.

  He stood aside and allowed them to pass
out one by one.

“Get in ranks according to height.”
Chaptel found himself next to Duval.
The man from the penitentiary had assumed
an expression of extreme innocence, and
placidly returned the stare of the sergeant.

  “Stay here,” ordered the latter. “I’ll be
back soon.” »

  He walked away through the shimmering
light of the yard to a small building at the
far end of the esplanade, evidently the can-
teen, leaving the men in the sun.

  Chaptel glanced to right and left. The
faces were far from prepossessing at best.
As the uniforms had not yet been issued,
all were in civilian clothing, ranging from
well-cut broadcloth suits to overalls. The
4

Adventure

headgears comprised every known style of
hat and cap. The shoes were as varied,
from elastic tops to cord-soled sandals worn
by those of the men recently released from
prison. Duval wore the brown garments of
the penitentiary, with a large number in
black stitched over the left breast.

  Several men in uniform, members of the
battalion, had come close to inspect their
new comrades, with many caustic remarks

on their appearance and foul references to
their morals and behavior. One or two of
them recognized Duval and greeted him
without much show of cordiality.

  Feeling that he had the good fortune to be
next to a man of experience, Chaptel ques-
tioned the ex-convict.

  “What do we do next? Why do we wait
here?”

  Duval did not turn his head, but spoke
from the corner of the mouth nearest
Chaptel, with scarcely a movement of his
face.

  “The major commanding will make a lit-
tle speech. Then the uniforms will be
issued.”

  “When do we eat?”

  “At five.”

  “Good food?”

  “Not for you. For me, yes. I’ve starved
so often in the hills that anything tastes
good.”

  “You mean, they starve you up there?”
  “Shut up. Here he comes.”

  The sergeant was coming back, ac-

  companied by two other non-coms. His
  face had resumed its usual pigmentation,
  perhaps he was a trifle redder on the cheek
  bones. The impersonal manner he had
  shown in the hospital-room was gone. He
  halted five paces from the line, examined
  each man in turn, slowly, from head to foot.
  Chaptel understood; he was asserting his
  hold over them, same old trick, played by
  prison-keepers and gendarmes, staring a
  man out of countenance. When his own
  turn came he fastened his eyes on the ser-
  geant’s brows, and remained at attention.

   “Your papa must be proud of you, jail-
bird!” was the comment.

   Chaptel was compelled to admit to him-
self that his father was not proud of his son.
But the non-com., from long habit, was able
to color his tone with subtle insult. The
puerile “papa,” combined with the suavely
pronounced “jail-bird” assumed tremen-
dously offensive qualities.

   “Out in a year—no, in eight months, you?”

   The sergeant lighted a cigaret, blew out
the match—

  “Never!”

   Chaptel felt the blood rise to his face, was
about to speak.

  “Shut up!” Duval warned.

   It was not a whisper, but a thought trans-
mitted without sound.

  Chaptel understood. Back-talk was un-
safe. In prison, the keepers first would
coax the prisoners into conversation, then
gradually lash them into frenzy, resulting
invariably in a lengthened term.

  “You have already made friends with
Duval!” the sergeant resumed. “You must
be a pretty disgusting sort of fellow.
You’re known for what you are.”

  Chaptel saw that Duval was quivering.
The non-com. pressed his advantage. He
walked closer, blew smoke into Duval’s face.

  “You took the little man under your
wing? Nice boy, isn’t he? You’ll be to-
gether a long while. Your breed never gets
out of here. You’ll take your pal into the
hills. Paris? Good-by, Paris—and the
pretty girls. Do you ever think that if you
had worked one-tenth as hard in Paris as
you have down out here, you wouldn’t be
here? And to think how your tastes have
changed.” Then, as Duval groaned in-
articulately—“Look me in the eyes, Du-
val. What do you see? You see the Ser-
geant Marietti knows he’ll get you before
you finish your term.”
Knaves of Spades

5

  “I’m looking a pig in the eye, Marietti, a
dirty Corsican pig. You have no witness,
save that kid next to me, and he won’t back
you up. You can ride me as much as you
want, every time I see you, I’ll look at you.
You’ll know what I’m thinking: Marietti is
a —— Corsican pig.”

  Chaptel recalled much the same words
exchanged between small boys. Here were
two men, vibrant with rage, exchanging
puerile threats, and resenting The implied
insults.

  “You’re butting your head against a stone
wall,” Marietti warned.

  “Go learn to speak French,” Duval sug-
gested mildly.

  The average Corsican non-com. in the
French Army keeps a strong trace of
Italian accent, and is sensitive on the sub-
ject. Marietti stood still, then shook him-
self as if dazed. He was about to speak
when the other non-com. ran down the line,
pushing the men into a semblance of order.

  A group of officers was approaching, the
major commanding the battalion con-
spicuous, slim-booted legs, broad shoulders,
bronzed face, a glitter of stripes and medals.

  “Fixel” Marietti called, himself freezing
in place, hand to the vizor of his kepi.

  Awkwardly the men imitated him.

  “Rest,” the major suggested mildly.

  He turned to the lieutenant at his side.

  “You have the thing?” he asked.

  “Here, Major.”

  The major received a folded sheet of paper.
He was manifestly bored, and desired to get
matters over with. He scanned the paper
for several seconds, spread his feet apart as
if to make a tremendous effort, and read:

  “Young men, in the name of the bat-
talion, I welcome you among us. Accept
bravely, happily, with dignity the trade of
the soldier. Learn to obey in silence, to
respect and love discipline.”

  Here, the major turned to the lieutenant,
impatiently pointed at the paper. The
subaltern leaned forward and deciphered
the doubtful words in a low voice. Then
the major resumed:

  “There are many among you who remain
under the impression that your presence
here is an added punishment for the errors
of your past. Such a conception of the
African Light Infantry is erroneous and in-
sulting. The battalion is not a unit for
punishment, but a ‘test corps.’ You not
only are soldiers, privileged to wear a uni-

form, but you are entering a unit famed
for valor. Everywhere Frenchmen have
fought, the African Light Infantry has
been: In Africa, in Mexico, in Japan, in
Tonking, in Madagascar, in China. France
has trusted you with a flag. Would she
have done this had she believed you con-
victs? The most glorious feat of arms in
this_very Algeria was done by your predeces-
sors: Mazagran, one hundred and twenty-
three men against thousands, victoriously
defending a town. Is that anything to be
ashamed of?

  “Your past is forgotten. You have paid
your debt. Forget the stories you have
heard before arriving here. I am human.
The officers are human. And the sergeants,
far from being the brutes they have been
depicted, are honorable soldiers of sound
moral character.

   “If one of you ever feels that he has been
undeservedly punished, let him come to
me. I will investigate, seek the truth, and
if warranted, will lift the punishment.”

  Not bad, thought Chaptel. The major
would not make a public promise which he
did not intend to keep. The truth was,
everything that had occurred up to now, had
been principally verbal. Of course, here
was Duval, just returned from the hills,
where he claimed to have been hungry—•
and Marietti. Yet of the two, the major
and Marietti, the first was the chief. And
his intentions certainly were good.

   “If I find the punishment justly inflicted,”
the major concluded, “I’ll double it. Else
every one would complain, and my time
would not suffice to hear all the tales.
That’s all.”

   There was a string to the altruistic offer!
How often, in a controversy between
sergeant and private, would the low-rank
man be granted the benefit of the doubt?

  The major left, followed by the other
officers, and tearing up the written speech
as he walked.

   “Right by fours, march!” Marietti barked,
leading the way to the main building.

  He again halted by the door to allow the
men to file in.

  “Hurry, jail-birds, blackguards, scum,
offals of the universe!”

  Chaptel bent his head meekly.

  Like the chorus of a familiar song came
the mocking echo of the major’s words:
“You are soldiers. Your errors of the
past are forgiven.”
6

Adventure

UP TO his fifteenth year, Chap-
tel had enjoyed a peaceful, fairly
prosperous home life. His father
was a clerk in a notary’s office,
commanding a fair salary, four hundred
francs a month, which to a family of three
almost permitted luxury. In school he
had made good in his studies and won
several purses which would entitle him to
free tuition in a lycee. And his conserva-
tive father naturally wished him to em-
brace some paper-scratching profession.

  But Chaptel Junior felt the call of a trade,
a desire to learn of mechanical things, not
abstractly, but actually. At length he was
permitted to become apprentice in a ma-
chine shop.

  At seventeen he became known in the
small circle of the town for his deft handling
of motors. This admitted him into the
society of men older than himself by several
years, many of them having already served
their time in the army. He soon became
familiar with the anti-militarist spirit. He
had a quick tongue and was not devoid of
wit. He soon learned the stock phrases of
the orators he heard in the cafes, and jok-
ingly imitated them.

  Soon after his eighteenth birthday, Chap-
tel took part in a mass meeting denouncing
the authorities. A strike in the silk mills
had recently been declared. Scarcely realiz-
ing the gravity of the situation, he made
public speeches. Perhaps he went a trifle far.

  Sufficient to say that a certain afternoon,
while delivering a fiery harangue, he was
startled by the appearance of two husky
well-fed gendarmes in the doorway of the
hall. They came down the aisle with slow
majestic tread. One placed a hand on his
shoulder and suggested that he accompany
them to the commissary of police.

  Chaptel was aware that he had nothing
to fear. A sermon, a reminder of the
shame he was bringing upon his father, a
warning and dismissal.

  And so he smiled, and assured the minions
of the law that he would be happy to follow
them wherever they might lead. But the
crowd viewed the proceeding from another
angle. The self-elected leader pushed be-
tween the young man and the gendarmes,
and informed the latter that it were best for
them to leave the place peaceably. There
was a little shoving, a few verbal threats.

  Who struck the first blow, no one ever
could find out with certainty. The gen-

darmes said the strikers, the strikers ac-
cused the gendarmes. Suddenly Chaptel
found himself the center of a milling group,
while a hand on his collar tugged him this
way and that, the hand of the corporal of
gendarmes. The pull on his throat half
strangled him, and he struck out desper-
ately, without conscious aim. The man
holding him fell to the floor, was trampled
upon. His partner drew first his saber,
then his revolver, firing several shots into
the ceiling.

  Reserves of gendarmes, stationed out-
side, rushed in. There was the sound of
beefy fists on meaty faces, much shouting.
Chaptel found himself in the open street,
solidly held by two uniformed men, and
shoved through a menacing crowd, while
ten feet behind, the corporal of gendarmes,
his face streaming blood, followed, sup-
ported by solicitous comrades.

  At the commissary of police, he was
severely beaten by the gendarmes. Bruised,
aching in every hmb he was thrown into a
cell. That night his father, whom he had
summoned, sent him a curt note, declaring
that he had washed his hands of the whole
affair, that Edmond’s mother was broken
hearted, and that he had engaged a lawyer.

  The lawyer was efficient. Blows costing
the loss of an eye are usually punished by a
minimum of two years in prison. Had the
gendarme pushed the charge, Chaptel would
have been given the full penalty.

  But he appeared in court with a bandage
over his eye, and eloquently pleaded for the
young man, describing the scene of conflict
and frankly admitting that Chaptel had
reacted to instinct. He advised acquittal,
saying that two wrongs do not make a right,
and that the thought of a boy of eighteen in
prison would add to his unhappiness. It is
to be suspected that a large part of Chaptel
Senior’s savings contributedjto this leniency.
Even so, Chaptel was given six months, an
extraordinarily mild sentence for such an
offense.

  At first, the keepers were not gentle,
particularly those who indulged in strong
drink. They had a habit of waking a
prisoner up on a cold night, taking him
naked into the yard, and administering
various tortures not included in the penal
code. Then blue notes, wisely distributed,
took effect. Chaptel became a sort of pay-
ing guest, loafed about the yard, smoked
cigarets, read endless piles of paper-covered
Knaves of Spades

7

books loaned by the head keeper’s wife.
Stupified by the sugary novels, coughing
from too many cigarets, weak from lack of
exercise, he was turned out when his time
was up.

  His first ordeal was the home-coming; the
tongue lashing his father had held in reserve,
his mother aged ten years in six'months, the
savings of twenty years dented beyond re-
covery.

  When he attempted to join his former
friends in the cafe, they turned away, after
explaining that they did not approve of the
way he had behaved in court-room and jail.
He should have been more defiant, should
have scorned to accept the gendarme’s
pity. Chaptel bitterly retorted that none
of the talkers had offered to come forward
and take the blame.

  After a year, things settled down to rou-
tine again. Chaptel recalled his prison
term merely as a sort of bad dream of utter
boredom. He avoided looking in the
windows of newspaper stores for fear he
would see the mawkish novels by the au-
thors he had perused. When stew was on
the table at home, he did not eat. That
was all. In the shop, the nickname of
“convict” playfully applied to him on his
return, was forgotten, He fondled cylin-
ders and levers with his greasy hands,
whistled and was happy.

  When the time approached for his mili-
tary service, he sought out the probable
garrison to inform himself as to the amuse-
ments to be obtained. He even thought of
enlisting in the marines for the opportunity
of seeing foreign lands.

  The notice that he was to report to the
First Battalion of African Light Infantry
came as a shock. He investigated and
found there was no way to escape the
ordeal.

 And so he now found himself in Ain
Saffra. Here also, his father was to send
him a few francs each month for his minor
comforts.

DUVAL occasionally produced a
money order for a small sum from
an uncertain source. Together
they went to the Zgag Chergui,
East Street, to an Arab Cafe, where they
smoked, and drank thick coffee out of metal
cups, sprawling on clean mats, forgetting
for the time the discomforts of bar-
racks.

  Of his life previous to his arrival in the
battalion, Duval spoke little. That he
was from Paris could not be concealed.
His accent, his mannerisms were ample
proof. Why he had gone to prison, Chap-
tel never could learn. Of the penitentiary,
Duval could, and would speak.

  He spun long yarns, of terrific labor un-
der the sun, of freezingly cold nights, of
beatings by sergeants in charge of the
camp. Biribi, as the place was nicknamed,
was hell. The guards were native tirail-
leurs, greedy, vicious. Unless bribed, they
made one’s life a burden. If their liking
could be obtained, however, many privi-
leges were acquired. They permitted loafing
on a task for the small price of two or three
cigarets. For a half a pound of sugar they
allowed their charges to go to the nearest vil-
lage after the pastimes the place af-
forded.

  As he had served twenty-one months in
the battalion before his condemnation to
the penitentiary in the hills, he knew the
tricks. Without him Chaptel would have
spent half that first week in the guard
house for dingy buttons and unclean arms.
It is no unusual thing for the veterans to
make a “mistake” when called for inspec-
tion, shift rifles on the rack and cause the
recruit to be sent to confinement and the
extra drill squad. Duval met this danger,
by tying to his piece various metallic orna-
ments, distinguishable to the touch—a coat
button, a shoe lace. Chaptel imitated him
and attained the specklessness required by
regulations.

  They made plans to enter into business
when their time was served. Duval, get-
ting out earlier, would look around Paris.
He said he was tired of the queer life he had
been leading, that he wanted to be a solid
citizen. His girl, the preferred one among
many, was willing to marry him. She
must be sincere, for his friends in Paris
wrote him concerning her. She was work-
ing as a seamstress.

  “You wait, Chaptel! Ten years from
now we’ll be laughing at this bunch down
here!”

  “I hope so.” Chaptel produced a news-
paper, pointed out items of interest. “The
aeroplane is being perfected, Duval. That’s
what I want to do. In ten or twelve years
it will be as universal as the automobile is
today.”

  “Bicycles and autos will do for me!”
8

Adventure

THERE were traits in Duval’s
character that worried Chaptel.
He was a bully to other recruits,
and even held the older men in
subjection. Chaptel had seen him sud-
denly leap forward and almost twist a com-
rade’s arm out of the socket. In answer to
Chaptel’s remonstrance, he grinned:

  “Those pigs! If a fellow didn’t keep them
at respectful distance, life wouldn’t be
bearable!”

  As for Sergeant Marietti, Duval said that
he was craftily biding his time, that his al-
most friendly manner was a blanket for his
hatred. The non-com. had stool pigeons in
the dormitory. Duval, before going to bed
each night, and many times during the day,
inspected his blankets and advised Chaptel
to do the same. On three occasions they
found money concealed in the folds of the
bedding. Marietti broke in abruptly, de-
clared that some one had complained of
being robbed and searched the beds. Du-
val, who had discovered the men in the ser-
geant’s game, had replanted the silver where
it would backfire.

  Smilingly, he underwent the investiga-
tion.

  “Not this time, Sergeant. You missed
the last train!”

  “Good, good. I didn’t suspect you, Du-
val. But I have to do my duty.”

  “Why should I steal, with only sixty
days to serve?”

  “That’s right. You’re almost through,
aren’t you. I’m glad for you.”

  “I’ll send you postal cards from Paris.”
  “Thanks.”

  And the search passed on.

  The major was never once known to lift
a punishment. Several of the more gul-
lible recruits reported episodes at the bat-
talion office. Invariable result: They had
their sentence doubled. The oldest axiom
is that the superior is always right; the
foundation and mainstay of discipline.

  One afternoon Chaptel was on duty while
Duval was free. He had stated that he
would go to the post office, as money-orders
were due. At the six o’clock roll call, he
was still missing. He returned at eleven
to get his blankets, preliminary to entering
the guard house for having outstayed his
leave.

  Chaptel awoke.

  “Where were you?”

I “All over.”

 “You’ve been on a souse.” Chaptel ac-
 cused, smelling the unmistakable odor of
 absinthe.

 “Yes, but I couldn’t get drunk.”

 “You’ll get pulled in for another five
 years if you keep on. You told me your-
 self the stuff made you crazy.”

 “What the-do I care? Five years

 more or less——”

 Chaptel sat up.

 “What’s wrong?”

 “I got a letter. My woman-”

 “Sick?”

 Duval laughed.

 “No. Rich guy. And me with only
 sixty days more to serve. She had waited
 seven years, nearly. Can you understand
 that?”

 “No. Forget it and find another one,”
 Chaptel advised, lying back and pulling up
 the blankets.

 Duval did not appear to him to be a man
 who would allow flowery sentiment to over-
 whelm his common sense.

 “You don’t understand. It wasn’t the
 woman I wanted. It’s the person who had
 faith in me, waited all that time.”

 “Getting yourself into trouble won’t help
 any. Trot to the guard house, sober up
 and pull your stretch to the end like a little
 lamb.”

 “You may be right.”

 Marietti’s voice came from the outside—
 “Duval, are you coming tonight, or must
 I wait until tomorrow?”

 “Right away, Sergeant!”

 Duval bent close to Chaptel:

 “Maybe, if I could get away tonight—
 reach Paris—there might be a chance. The
 man is from some small dump—and is buy-
 ing her things, furniture, dresses, in Paris—•
 so she’ll follow him to the old home town.
 She’s getting her price, all right! My friends

 tell me everything in the letter, I-”

 “Don’t be a fool Duval!”

 Marietti, bearing a lantern, followed by
 two men under arms came into the vast
 room. The sound of his hobnailed boots
 on the floor awoke many of the sleepers.
 Speculative murmurs arose.

 “Get a move on, or I’ll double what I’ve
 handed you!”

 “Yes, Sergeant.”

 Holding his blankets under one arm, Du-
 val took his place between the armed men,
 and left.

 Chaptel heard Marietti ’ chuckle, as he
Knaves of Spades

9

gained the door. The private on the bed
next to Duval’s got up and followed the ser-
geant. There was a whispered conversation
at the far end of the room. Silence. Then
Mariettas footsteps receded.

  Chaptel waited until the stool-pigeon
had gained his bed. For several minutes
he struggled against temptation, then im-
pelled by his friendship for Duval he came
to a decision. His bayonet hung on a peg
at the head of his cot, beneath the plank
supporting his belongings. He grasped the
scabbard with his left hand and drew the
weapon out with precaution. Naked blade
in hand, he slipped out of bed, shaking with
excitement.

  Evidently the stool-pigeon had no con-
science, for he had already fallen asleep.
Chaptel twined his fingers in his hair and
laid the steel against his neck.

  A half groan, half curse came from the fel-
low.

  “I won’t move; what do you want?”

  “What did you tell Marietti?”

  “I won’t tell.”

  Chaptel pricked his throat with the
point—

  “Listen, I won’t need much to push it
home.”

  “Push ahead. The others are awake.
You’ll be shot.” "

  “No one gives a - what happens to

you. They’re all sick of you. They wouldn’t
give me away.” Chaptel answered.

  If you bleed the swine, kid, I’ll treat you
on my next money,” some one prom-
ised.

  “Go ahead, Chaptel, push! We’ll keep
mum.”

  “Do you hear?” Chaptel asked.

  “I told Marietti about—his—woman.”

  “You did, eh?”

  Chaptel straightened up, went to his cot
and slid the bayonet into the scabbard. He
trembled more than ever. He knew that
he had been very near killing a man. Yes,
it would not have taken much for Chaptel
to have “pushed.”

  He knew Marietti, and the foul epithets
the sergeant could summon, the unbeliev-
ably coarse allusions. Given the rich ma-
terial of Duval’s recent misfortune, he
would outdo himself. Sober, Duval had
enough biting wit to keep the sergeant at
bay, but with an absinthe-soaked brain
he could not keep calm. In his simple loy-
alty to Duval, he wished to be at his side,

was willing^ to risk a few days prison for the
sake of helping him through the night.

 He slipped on trousers and coat and ran
 out of the building barefooted. The officer
 of the day was not in the watch room. The
 orderly murmured something vague con-
 cerning rounds. Chaptel surmised that the
 lieutenant had ducked into town.

What could he do? He thought of the
doctor who had proved so understanding,
but he was not in the barracks at night. He
lived far out, on the other side of town.
And Chaptel had no pass to get by the
sentries.

He hesitated, then made for the guard-
house.

 Before the lockup, the sentry held him off
 with the bayonet point.

“What do you want’?’

 “I want to get in there.”

 The sentry laughed.

“Some drunk you’ve got—wanting to
break into the guardhouse!”

 “Let me in,” pleaded Chaptel.

 “I’d be willing, if you’d get a sergeant to
 back you up.”

 “Where can I find a sergeant?”

 “They’re all in there. That big fellow,
 Duval, is soused. They’re having fun with
 him.”

 “Let me in.”

 “Listen, friend, you try to sneak by and
 I’ll hand you one with this paper cutter.”
 Then the guard felt it his duty to give ad-
 vice. “Go to bed and sleep it off.”

“Do you mind if I hang around?”

“Go to it, old man. That doesn’t con-
cern me.”

 Chaptel squatted on the ground some dis-
 tance away. He was miserable. The night
 was cool, and he shivered. Far off, the
 twelve strokes of midnight strung out.

 “Must be amusing themselves in there,”
 grumbled the sentry. “They forgot to re-
 lieve me.”

 At one o’clock Chaptel was still there,
 facing the sentry.

 A man carrying a lantern passed through
 the yard. Chaptel entertained a wild hope
 that it was the lieutenant. He rushed
 across, to find an orderly.

“The lieutenant’s horse has colic,” he

explained. “Talk about a-trade that

 brings you up at all hours.”

 Chaptel wearily went back to his vigil.
 Two had just struck, when the sound of loud
 voices came indistinctly from within the
IO

Adventure

building. Followed thumping, as if men
were struggling.

  “He’s done it!” thought Chaptel.

  He attempted to rush by, but the sentry
barred the way, brought the butt of his piece
against his chest.

  “Stop, you fool.”

  Ten or fifteen minutes later, the door
swung open. Chaptel drew back into the
shadows. The guard, thinking he had so-
bered up, was merciful and did not inform
Marietti of his presence.

  The Corsican paused in the lighted door-
way. He was rearranging his tunic collar.

  “He tore off two buttons,” he remarked.
“It was lucky I thought of having you fel-
lows handy. I would have been choked,
sure as death.”

  “He held out long, didn’t he?” remarked
another non-com. “I thought he’d burst,
he was swelling so much. The last thing
you said was a good one, though, Marietti,”
he laughed, and repeated the sentence. “He
looked as if you had torn his liver out.”
“He’s a bad egg,” agreed Marietti. “I
thought he was going to hold out all night.
But he’s good for a court martial now. Look
at the scratches on my neck—five years—
five years—I’U stick around here until he
gets back and get him another five.”

  “What did he do to you, Marietti? I for-
got to ask.”

  “He said my nose was twisted, in front of
all the other scum.”

  “It is,” laughed the other.

  “Perhaps,” Marrietti assented. “But to
have an equal say it, or that apache—well,
there’s a difference.”

  Not quite comprehending, dazed and
cold, Chaptel went back to bed.

AS MARIETTI had taken the
precaution to have four non-coms
with him, witnesses against Du-
val were not lacking. Chaptel,
of course, could not get into the rooms when
the court martial was held. Perhaps fear-
ing that the truth would come out, were
Chaptel allowed to speak, Marietti sent
him to the guardhouse on the morning of
the event and kept him there throughout the
trial, which did not last long.

  Chaptel, hoping to obtain an interview
with the doctor and inform him of the real
fact, feigned sickness. Marietti was not de-
ceived. He came with three men whom he
trusted, closed the door of the cell behind

him and proceeded to manhandle Chaptel.
Knowing that the sergeant was acting with-
out orders, that he would not dare make the
episode public, Chaptel fought back as long
as he was able. It took the combined ef-
forts of the three men to stretch him on his
cot. One man sat across his legs, another
on his head holding his wrists. Marietti
then unbuckled his belt and flogged him.

  Bleeding, heartbroken more from the
raging helplessness than from the pain of
the blows, Chaptel finally ceased to strug-
gle, accepted the beating, and even pleaded
for mercy, as Marietti demanded.

  “You’ll stay here for a couple of weeks
until you get better,” the sergeant declared.
“I know your tricks.”

  In two weeks, when Chaptel was released,
he learned that Duval had been condemned
to Biribi for five years.

  He went straight to the doctor, told his
story, not admitting a detail.

  “Sorry—the decision against Duval is ir-
revocable,” the doctor informed him. “You
must admit it was somewhat his fault. He
deliberately incurred the sergeant’s resent-
ment.”

  “What about me?”

  “You were not seriously hurt. In any
case, you have no witnesses. Marietti
could easily make it seem that you attacked
him. The major thinks highly of him.”
“What do you think of it yourself,
Doctor?”

  “I?” the doctor smiled. “I don’t know
just what to think. You seem of different
breed from the lying brood here. But just
the same you told me you coaxed Marietti’s
informer. How did you do it? With your
/bayonet?”

  “Oh, you know that?”

  “Marietti told me. From an aloof stand-
point, I disapprove of informers. From the
viewpoint of the officer, interested only in
the good of the whole, I am compelled to
realize the usefulness of the stool-pigeon.
Many a murder has been prevented through
him.”

  “I’m sure there must be a way to get jus-
tice, Doctor. Can’t you advise me? Shall
I go to the major?”

  “Frankly, I wouldn’t advise you to do so.
He has little sympathy with Duval, who
came here with a bad record and has lived
up to it. Did you know that he narrowly
escaped the guillotine, before coming here?”
“No, sir.”
Knaves of Spades

ii

  “He was involved in the murder of an old
woman. No positive proof of guilt could be
obtained. That alone saved him. Do you
know what they nickname him in barracks,
and at the penitentiary? Le Couperet—the
Slicer.”

  “I never heard that name applied to him.”

  “He doesn’t like it. And you’re his
friend. They woudn’t dare use it before
you. Do you remember what I told you?
To keep clear? You disregarded my advice.
Think it over.”

  The doctor turned and set to work on the
papers before him.

  “Doctor—” faltered Chaptel.

  “Get out! If every private wasted as
much of my time as you do, when would I do
anything?”

  Chaptel joined his heels, saluted, and left.

  He felt that he was no match for the ex-
perienced Marietti, who had told just enough
to the doctor to forestall an investigation.

  Whether, in spite of his pretended dis-
trust, the doctor had warned Marietti to
leave Chaptel alone, or the sergeant was
satisfied with what he had thus far accom-
plished, he changed utterly in behavior
toward the private. Generally, he ignored
him, and when he did notice him it was to
show a certain degree of kindness. Chaptel
applied for leave until midnight, some time
later, and it was granted.

  Ain Aaffra boasted several beuglants—bel-
lowers, music-halls frequented by the troop-
ers. As a rule, the privates occupied the
outer tables, the non-coms, were placed
nearer the stage, while the officers had front
reserved seats. The entertainment was
not high class. Antiquated ladies, veterans
of every small town in France, performed
dances and sang.

  The officers absorbed alcohols of various
description and fancy cocktails. The ser-
geants drank beer. The privates drank wine.
A specially concocted drink cost forty to
fifty centimes, a glass of beer twenty, while
the wine imbibed by the troopers sold for
twenty-five centimes a liter, or approxi-
mately ten centimes a glass. Two different
brands of absinthe existed: One for officers
and non-coms., one for the privates. For
ten centimes, a private could buy a glass.
For less than a franc, complete oblivion.
Cheap at the price, many considered.

  Chaptel had never been a hard drinker.
One or two glasses of wine, seldom three.
But this particular night, having no one

to talk to, and feeling very lonely, the
mechanical gestures were repeated; sliding
a copper coin across the table, lifting the
glass—first wine, then absinthe.

  At first the songs bored him. Gradually
he found himself laughing. Then he beat
the rhythm on the table top and sang the
chorus. The painted ladies he had scorned
at first now seemed as light as fairies, pranc-
ing on soft springy fields. Through the
alcoholic haze, they were deified. A fat,
good-natured blonde performer kindled ad-
oration in his heart.

  “She’s beautiful!” he muttered.

  He made such a disturbance applauding
that Marietti, seated with a group of friends,
turned around and saw him. The sergeant
laughed and nodded. Grateful for the small
recognition, Chaptel stood up and saluted.
Resuming his seat, he stared about him com-
placently, and announced to the universe in
general and to the waiter in particular—

  “You see—he knows me.”

  Marietti knew him—he was the only one
in this strange place, in this stranger
country, who had ever nodded to him.
Not a bad man, Marietti. A little rough,
perhaps; yes, a little rough. But men with
rough exteriors often had kind hearts.
Marietti had a kind heart. Had he not
recommended him, Chaptel, for leave to-
night?

  He wondered: Why had he ever disliked

Marietti?

  Oh, he had it. Marietti had “kidded”
Duval into striking him, and then had him
sent to the hills. Duval, who was his friend.
Was that right?

  His feelings shifted with the elusiveness of
smoke. One moment, he worshiped Mari-
etti. The next he hated him. Something
was needed to crystallize in his sodden brain
one of the two emotions, admiration or
hatred.

  The waiter, a stocky Spaniard, touched
him on the shoulder.

  “Friends of yours outside.”

  “Friends?”

  Chaptel could think of no friends.

  “They must be,” the waiter insisted.
“They gave me this to tell you they wanted
to speak to you.”

  He exhibited a fifty centime piece in his
palm.

  Gravely Chaptel placed another be-
side it.

  “Thank you. I will go.”
12

Adventure

        HE DODGED a table, skirted
POI another by a fraction of an inch
and gained the open door. The
—cooler air swept his face. It was
delicious to breathe freely, after the smoky
hall. Chaptel forgot his mission, leaned
against the wall, smoking.

  Two civilians, standing not far off, eyed
him speculatively for a few minutes. Vague-
ly annoyed, Chaptel returned the stare.
One of the men was long and thin, and the
other short and thin. Their faces were
familiar, yet he knew he had never seen
them before. He reasoned; the stamp of
the prison he recognized—they had some-
time been battalion men.

  At length the smaller man made up his
mind and came forward diffidently.

  “Are you Chaptel?”

  “Yes; what do you want?”

  “Our names don’t matter. Call me
Charles, if you want. We’re friends of
Duval.”

  “He’s at the Pen.”

  “We know. He wrote us all about it.
We came down to execute Marietti.”

  “No joke?”

  The short man smiled joyously.

  “Do I look like a joke? Did we come
from Paris for a joke? Do we risk our be-
ing recognized—-we both served here—for a
joke?”

  “What do you want me to do?” asked
Chaptel.

  “Help us. Marietti was not our ser-
geant. We don’t know who he is. You
don’t need to do anything more. Describe
him, tell us where he hangs out.”

   Chaptel laid a finger across his lips im-
portantly.

  “Surprize,” he whispered.

  “He’s drunk,” the man who called him-
self Charles informed the other. “Can’t
get anything out of him.”

  “I’m not,” warmly protested Chaptel.
“I have a surprize. Look in there through
the doors. See that red-faced striper be-
tween the Quarter-Master Sergeant of
Zouaves and the guy with the red whiskers?
You know who that is? Ah—ah—that is
Marietti.”

  “Enough said. Now get back to bar-
racks. You’ll need an alibi.”

  “Do you think I’m a quitter? Duval was
my friend,” Chaptel grumbled. “I’ll beat
him up, too. He beat me up.”

  “Listen,” advised Charles. “This will be

more than a beating. You’ll get blamed for
it unless some one saw you elsewhere at the
time.”

  “What do I care?”

  “Get some sense, Chaptel. The other
guy and I can’t put this off. We came in on
the quiet, we can get away tonight on the
quiet. If we wait we’ll be pinched. You’ve
done your share. Beat it.”

  “Wbat do you think I am!”

  Charles grasped him by the arm, pulled
him along the sidewalk away from the lights
of the cafe. The other man followed si-
lently. He did not say a word. His long
face, quiet eyes, almost gentle smile, fright-
ened Chaptel.

   “What does he keep his hand in his pocket
for?” he asked.

  “Shut up. Tell us what you know.
Don’t ask questions. Where does the ser-
geant go from here usually?”

“Where? Don’t make me laugh!” Chap-
tel, recalling tales of the non-com.’s behavior
outside barracks, mentioned an address in
the Arab quarter. “I’ll take you there.”
“We know the place.”

   “I’ll show you,” Chaptel insisted.
Charles spoke to the other in a low voice.
The tall man shrugged.

   “It’s his funeral,” he said, speaking for
the first time. “Everything is arranged for
tonight. We couldn’t get away with it to-
morrow. I, for one, will not go back with-
out doing what I said I’d do.”

  “All right, Chaptel,” Charles concluded.
  “Lead on.”

  As they walked he explained.

  “Duval, the two of us, and some others—•
we’re together; the fingers of one hand.
Duval has done little jobs for us. He wrote
that he’d consider it even if we did up Mari-
etti in style. Between pals, that sort of
thing can’t be refused.”

  “No,” agreed Chaptel, heartily. “Duval
is a fine fellow.”

  “Ub.—not always. When his selfishness
is in play, he knows no friend. But we
want him back sometime. He hasn’t an
equal for certain jobs.”

  “Have you arranged for your getaway?”
Chaptel asked.

   His brain was clearing, and he was specu-
lating for the first time on the consequences
of tonight’s “job.”

“Didn’t any one see you get into town?”
“No. And no one will think this is an
outside job. They’ll question the privates.
Knaves of Spades

13

Tomorrow is Friday, market day. We
came in with a bunch of Spaniards, Italians
and Arabs. As soon as we finish we’ll hop a
freight train—the depot isn’t well watched,
anyway—and be far from here by morning.
We have return tickets from a certain place
to Algiers. In that place I have business,
real business. I joined the useful to the
agreeable on this trip, and got the repre-
sentation of a wine firm. He—” Charles
jerked a thumb over his shoulder toward the
silent partner—-“is my assistant. See?”

IN A few minutes, the trio had
left the strictly European part
•of Ain Saffra, and were making
their way through the narrow
streets of the town, bound for the “special
quarter.” It was the custom of Marietti to
end his evenings of liberty here, watching
the Ouled Nails dancing girls do the Danse
du ventre. He and a few dilettantes of his
ilk were noted frequenters of a celebrated
establishment, reputed to offer the prettiest
representatives of the art. As a fortunate
coincidence, Marrietti was rich tonight, soon
after pay day. He could not fail to turn his
steps toward hospitable portals.

  When the rhythmical tread of the patrols
drew near, Charles would hurry to shelter.
At last they halted within the shadow of a
door, their backs glued against the panel of
wood. Guttural singing from a house, three
doors away, betrayed the place where Mari-
etti was known to go.

  The tall man brought his hand out of the
coat pocket. Came a metallic sound.
Charles also was fumbling with metal objects.

  “American punch,” he volunteered, which
meant “brass-knuckles.”

  “And what’s he got?” Chaptel asked, re-
ferring to the other.

  “A sticker. Eh, Bibi, show this boy.”
Bibi, at last identified, handed his knife
to Chaptel, who felt the blade in the dark-
ness. It was a full seven inches, sharp as a
razor. In the hands of a resolute man it
was a fearsome weapon. The click Chaptel
had heard was the powerful spring opening.

  Had Bibi been about to use a pistol, had
Charles frankly carried a club, Chaptel
might not have been brought to his senses.
But the typical apache weapons shocked
and frightened him. He had always dread-
ed the thought of a knife wound, imagining
the sharp pain if the blade were driven into
the pit of the stomach. He would have

faced a gun without shrinking, but would
have fled from a knife.

  “You’re going to—hit him—with those?”

  “Of course not. We’re merely playing!”
scoffed Charles.

  “You’ll kill him!”

  “That’s what!”

  “I won’t have anything to do with it. I
thought you’d beat him up, that’s all.”

  “Cold feet? I don’t blame you. We’ll
get away. They’ll pinch you. You’re ripe
for the firing squad. We tried to tell you,
but-”

  “I must go.”

  “No one’s keeping you here. By the way,
if any one asks you about us, it’ll be health-
ier to know nothing, eh?”

  “All right.”

  Without another word, Chaptel hurried

away.

  The walk and the cold air had sobered
him. He was disgusted with himself.
Knifing an unsuspecting man, regardless of
what that man had done, was dirty. The
doctor had been right—he was sinking.

  “I swear never to mix with them again,”
he told himself as he ran, “if I get out of this
safe.”

  He prayed that Marietti would change
his mind, and return dutifully to barracks.
Failing that, he hoped that he himself would
make the barracks before the time of the
attack. He retained enough calm to hide
from patrols. Once, he bumped against an
elderly native, who turned and cursed him,
shaking a stick in his direction. Chaptel
instinctively averted his face.

  Out of breath, he hid in another doorway.
No sooner had he done so than he saw the
glint of brass buttons down the street, he
glimpsed Marietti’s face as he passed be-
neath a lamp. The sergeant was alone,
walking at his usual gait. He passed six
feet from Chaptel, but did not appear to
notice him. He was whistling gaily, one of
the late songs. Chaptel decided to stop
him and warn him. But the sergeant dis-
appeared from view, and he feared to run
after him. Marietti was quite capable of
having him imprisoned, perhaps sent to the
“pen,” regardless of the warning.

  Guardedly, Chaptel risked himself in the
open once more, and walked with all the dig-
nity he could command toward the barracks,
which he found himself calling “home,” so
much did he desire to be safe within the
friendly walls.
14

Adventure

  Suddenly he halted, breathing hard.
From behind had come three pistol shots
in quick succession. He wondered if they
were connected with the sergeant and the
two gentlemen waiting there. When shouts
followed the shots, he hurried on. He was
young and boasted good lungs. Moreover
he was in danger. He tore down the streets
at a mad pace, as luck would have it, straight
into a patrol rushing toward the distur-
bance.

  With alacrity, he shortened his stride,
saluted the non-com. in command, and
effaced himself with a polite gesture to allow
the six men to pass. His ruse failed.

  “You come with us, my friend,” sugges-
ted the patrol commander. “I heard you
running.”

  “I was in a hurry to get back before roll
call,” protested Chaptel.

  “Either your pass calls for liberty until
ten o’clock and you’re overdue already, or
it calls for midnight, which gives you an
hour to kill,” the sergeant pointed out logi-
cally. “There’s queer goings on here to-
night.”

  Nothing to do but retrace his steps under
escort. He shuffled miserably between two
privates of Zouaves. They did nothing to
ease Chaptel’s mind. Between the Zouaves
and the joyeux, as the battalion men are
called, there was little love lost.

  “Pretty head for the guillotine,” remarked
one.

  The patrol now had to push its way
through a shouting swarm of natives, who
had rushed out with torches toward the
scene of the shooting.

  Marietti was the center of an excited
group of non-coms, from the cafe. The
sergeant was rearranging his tunic. Under
his left eye the beginning of a “mouse” was
showing, his cheek was lacerated, bleeding.
One leg of his trousers was ripped open, and
a friend was bandaging a cut, doubtless
from the knife wielded by Bibi.

  Charles was a few feet away, face down.
Bibi was seated, limp, against the wall. His
head hung down on his chest, and Chaptel
knew that he would be silent for all eternity.
Strangely enough, his feeling was one of
deep admiration for Marietti. Taken by
surprize, the sergeant had dropped two men
in three shots. For the first time Chaptel
understood how he had earned the medals
he wore. Marietti was a brute, but he was
also a fighter and a cool-headed soldier.

  The commander of the patrol made in-
quiries.

  “As I came close to the cafe,” Marietti
narrated, “those two jumped out at me.
The tall one was nearest, and brought down
his knife. I leaped back, he fell over, and
instead of stabbing me in the stomach, he
ripped my leg open. I lowered my gun and
shot him through the back. While he was
doing it, the short fellow punched me in the
face with that contraption of his. I saw
thirty candles, for a moment! If he had kept
after me, I’d have gone down. But the one
shot had scared him, and he ran away. I
missed him with one shot, got him with the
second.”

  Thunder!” the patrol leader approved.
“That was fine work.” He laughed softly.
“I nabbed one of your birds running away,
on the chance he was mixed in it. But I
guess he was too far from here. I’ll let him
go.”

  Chaptel, released by the Zouaves, was
making for the open streets when Marietti
halted him.

  “Stick around, Chaptel. You’re under
arrest.”

 “Why?”

  “For investigation.” Marietti turned
and explained to the listeners. “I saw this
fellow hiding in a doorway down below. He
thought he was hidden, but the fight shone
on his buttons.”

  Chaptel became aware that the brass
fasteners on his coat must in fact have glin-
ted as brilliantly as those of the sergeant.

  Marietti went on:

  “That’s why I was on guard when these
fellows made for me. I told myself, ‘Mari-
etti, that fellow hasn’t got a clean con-
science.’ I was glad I had my gun. The

-! With a revolver, I fear nobody. I

was in the Tonking, I was.”

  “You’re going back with this man?” the
patrol commander asked.

  “No. Send him back. As for me, I al-
low nothing to interfere with my pleasure.
Come on, you fellows, I treat. I must show
my gratitude to Heaven, mustn’t I?”

THE Chaptel case brought nov-
elty into the monotous routine
of the court martial.

  The ordinary case of insults,
slapped sergeants, punched corporals, the
tedious recitals of “voluntary destruction
of government property,” sank into the
Knaves of Spades

15

background. Here was an attemped assas-
sination, in which two outsiders figured.
Both Charles and Bibi had been identified
as former members of the battalion. But
it was soon decided that they had not acted
in a personal quarrel, for neither had been
under Marietti, or even in touch with him
during his time of service.

  A civilian lawyer volunteered to defend
Chaptel. He argued long with Chaptel in
an attempt to make the private tell the com-
plete story; how he had come to know
Charles and Bibi. Chaptel’s criminal record
had taken place in Eastern France, far from
the haunts of the apaches. Yet, the waiter
at the music hall declared that they had
specifically asked for him, had even pointed
him out.

  Chaptel refused to talk, not because of
his loyalty to Duval, which had been consid-
erably lessened in view of recently acquired
knowledge, but the fear that there might
exist more members of the Duval-Charles-
Bibi gang. Judging from experience, they
were a resolute bunch, and a man who crossed
them was not likely to enjoy a long life of
unmarred happiness. After a little thought
it became clear to him how the two strangers
had picked him up out in the cafe. On his
first outing with Duval, they had gone to a
photographer to procure pictures, pictures
which were sent to Duval’s girl.

  Under strict application of military code,
Chaptel was in serious danger of being shot.
His lawyer, however, assured him that he
could save him, but did not guarantee to get
him off lightly, unless he would make a clean
breast of everything.

  So Chaptel was not in the best of spirits
when he faced the judges.

  The doctor testified for him, pleaded that
even a young man of fine character could be
led astray, that he was sure there was more
to the case than appeared on the surface.
His most damaging evidence was the fact
that Chaptel had come to him on behalf of
Duval, and that Marietti had been the
means of sending Duval to the public works.

  Marietti, coming forward to testify, with
his swollen eye, reminded Chaptel forcibly of
the gendarme in France. The Corsican was
deeply embarrassed. At ease before a crowd
of forty privates, the glittering row of offi-
cers dazed him. It was several minutes be-
fore his sentences were coherent. The poor
fellow had been in the army so long, re-
spected rank so deeply, so sincerely that

he faced his superiors with the same humil-
ity the battalion men faced him.

  “Sacred Thunder, Sergeant! Speak
clearly!”

  The major, under whom Marietti had
served for many years, put him at ease.

  The familiar words gave Marietti a fash-
ion of landmark in his maze of statements.
He launched out boldly, used mild curses—
as long as the major used them, he could—•
described the attack and his defense in much
the same way he had spoken to the crowd
on the night in question. He told of seeing
Chaptel, of his hunch that something was
wrong.

  When he seemed through with his story,
the major indicated that he was at liberty
to leave the stand, but the sergeant lifted
his hand for permission to go on.

  “It ain’t my business,” he said, “to tell
messieurs the officers what to do in a case
like this. But I sort of feel, that having
been as you might say, the center of the
trouble, having my leg ripped open and my
face punched, I know more about this than
most.”

  He paused respectfully to permit the offi-
cers to end their laughter, looking about him
to see the cause, then went on:

  “There’s not a man knows the fellows I
command, better than I. I can tell whether
they’re good or bad. Now, this young one
here today, he’s all right.”

  Chaptel started. This was strange talk
from Marietti.

  “He’s a good man. I mistook him at
first for a bad egg. He was hanging out
with Duval. That’s saying a lot. Nobody’s
asking me to give my ideas here, but maybe
they’re good. I think this Duval’s at the
bottom of the whole business. Chaptel is a
different breed. He wouldn’t knife a man.”

  Chaptel stood up.

  “I wouldn’t. I was somewhat drunk. I
thought they wanted to beat you up, that’s
all.”

  The waiter’s testimony of having deliv-
ered a message to Chaptel had established
beyond doubt his acquaintance with the
would-be murderers.

  “Beat me up! That’s enough!” Marietti
remarked. “I had to beat Chaptel up once,
when he wanted to make a lot of fuss over
Duval.”

  “It’s against regulations to strike a man,”
the major chided.

  “There’s lots of things against regulations.
i6

Adventure

Tying a man to a tree when a tiger is howl-
ing around—that’s not printed in regula-
tions.” Marietti laughed softly. “That
was done in Indo-China, to scare some of
the toughs into being good boys.”

  “Active service—necessity,” snapped the
major who evidently knew who was re-
ponsible for the punishment just mentioned.

  “Yes, major. What I mean to say is:
Don’t be hard on Chaptel. He licked the
costaud—strong guy—of the room he’s in,
and refused to take graft. That shows he
doesn’t belong here.”

  “The court will consider. You may go,
Sergeant.”

  Marietti saluted, gave an understanding
wink to Chaptel, and made room for the
next witness, the Zouave non-com., who
had commanded the patrol. He brought
no new light on the subject, took up much
time narrating just what places he had vis-
ited, and was excused before he had told
ought concerning Chaptel.

  The captain representing the army got to
his feet. Patently, he didn’t care about the
job. He contented himself with saying that
in his opinion, Chaptel was a potential mur-
derer and should be given the extreme pen-
alty within the power of the court. The
effect of his brief utterance was considerably
lessened by the casual way in which he ut-
tered it.

  Followed a painful ordeal for Chaptel.
His lawyer stood, waved his ample black
sleeves, became pitiful, animated, sad, happy
in turn, painting the home life of the pris-
oner until the first misstep. He brought
the accused man’s mother into play, an
honorable father who had never been re-
proached for a dishonest action. Chaptel
wished he would stop. He was marring the
effect of Marietti’s straight-forward speech.

  When the lawyer at last sat down every
one in the room was utterly bored.

  The military judges conferred briefly, and
the major arose.

  “The court martial condemns the accused
Edmond Chaptel, to five years public works.”
“Only five years!” the lawyer said jubi-
lantly. “I gripped them!”

ARTICLE two of the regulations
governing the military peniten-
tiaries of the French Republic,
reads as follows:

   “The efforts of the various military authorities
must tend toward the moral reform of the prisoners.

  “It is therefore of prime importance that they be
classified according to the cause of their imprison-
ment and of their antecedents.

  “They will be separated in as complete a fashion
as the organization will allow, into classes: Those
condemned for crimes or misdemeanors covered by
the ordinary penal laws, and those condemned for
solely military crimes. Moreover, in each of those
classes, there will-be an attempt to isolate the second
offenders from the others.

  “The prisoners will be managed so as to separate
the condemned men from those awaiting trial; etc.,
etc.”

  When a private breaks sacred regulation
he is severely punished, unless five years
labor for a nervous reflex might be consid-
ered a mild reproval. The authorities them-
selves smashed the rules with impunity. In
the penitentiaries the sheep are mingled
with the goats. As for moral reform and a
special department for first offenders, the
mere thought would send the non-coms,
into spasms of laughter. To them the con-
vict is one sort, indivisible. They reason
with unshakable logic that the man must be
no good in the first place, or he would not
have come under their supervision.

  Chaptel was sent, with a motley assort-
ment of other prisoners, to a mountain camp,
beyond Ain ben Khelil, in western Algeria,
close to the Moroccan frontier. The de-
tachment was guarded by three mounted
gendarmes, good-natured, middle-aged men,
who dug into their pockets at times to buy
drinks for the poorest of the group.

  Humanity from this unexpected source
touched Chaptel, and he resolved that he
would accept his lesson meekly, and do
nothing to extend his term. He dare not
think over much on the brutal knowledge
that his two years had suddenly stretched
into seven. After five years in the peniten-
tiary, he would be sent back to Ain Saffra to
finish his “regular” term of service, for the
months and years in criminal camp count
for nothing as far as the army is con-
cerned.

  In truth, he rather enjoyed the long hike
over the mountain trails. The scenery was
awe-inspiring, more rugged, more savage
even than his home hills of Jura. The
natives, no longer pure Arabs, but Berbers
interested him. He was surprized to find
among them many points of resemblance to
the French mountaineers. The same stolid
patience and stocky build. They evidenced
far less curiosity than his own people would
have shown before a convoy of convicts.
They were not unkind, and did not expect
 Knaves of Spades

/.

17

more pay for their, food from the prisoners
than from free men.

  Ain ben Khelil, he was not allowed to see.
As a private of the African Battalion, he
had enjoyed some liberty. As a convict, of
course, he could expect none. The camp
constructed on a small plateau, consisted of
a half dozen huts, residences of the non-
coms. in charge, and fifteen huge tents,
the marabout tents in which the prisoners
lived.

  The sergeant-major in command counted
the new arrivals, handed a signed receipt to
the gendarmes, who bade their unfortunate
companions farewell and took the road
southeast.

  It had been late in the afternoon when the
new men reached camp. The tents were
empty, for the occupants were at work on
the road. Of what use the road in this re-
gion visited by no one, where the existing
paths were sufficient to the small commerce
of the natives, Chaptel could not see. Per-
haps it was a far-sighted provision for the
occupation of Morocco.

  The prisoners were assigned to different
tents. Chaptel drew number five, near the
outer enclosure of spiny bushes. As he
marched toward it, he perceived, perched
high on a lumber scaffold, a Turco—Algerian
Tirailleur—the principal sentry, overlook-
ing from this vantage point the entire camp.
Day and night the tower was occupied by
a man with a loaded rifle. Chaptel began
to understand why escape was said to be
impossible. Any man leaving the tents
would be visible at some point of his journey
to the open country.

  Once inside the tent, Chaptel reeled back
before the stench. Occupied by hopeless
men, most of them born to filth, the surface
cleanliness Chaptel had learned to associate
with the army was missing. The place
reeked of sweat and unmentionable odors,
dominated by the pungency of tallow and
oil, the latter no doubt arising from the
clandestine candles and lamps used by the
prisoners at night.

  “You stay here until I tell you to come
out,” the sergeant suggested.

  “Yes, Sergeant.”

  They were four, assigned to this tent. One
of the men brought out a greasy pack of
cards. Cigarets were lighted, and the haze
of cheap tobacco added to the other odors.
When a match was struck, it seemed that
the flame found it difficult to blaze in the

   2

thick air, fluttering in the fog like a will o’
the wisp.

  At half past six, the prisoners returned
from the road, looking like a procession of
fantoms, in long vizored caps and baggy
gray uniforms.

  They did not address as much as a glance
at the newcomers, but sank fully dressed on
their bedding. Many removed their shoes.
The card game had ceased with the failing
light, but the four clung together as if to
seek protection from the others, the veterans.

  The latest comer made for the group,
kicked the nearest man in the back, slapped
another.

  “Out of my way, scum!”

  This was undoubtedly the costaud, the big
boss, the man who collected his half on the
money and the food.

  The way cleared he struck a match,
lighted a cigaret. Chaptel read the number
across his left breast: 2769. Sullen resent-
ment filled his heart. Not content with be-
ing tortured by the sergeants, who at least
had the excuse of self-righteousness, the
prisoners allowed one of their number to
tyrannize over them within the tents. He
knew that sooner pr later he would come to
blows with the fellow. Not so much to save
his money or his belongings, but to preserve
the lurking spark of self-respect that still
existed within him. He would not repeat
here his mistake of the Ain Saffra barracks
and join a clique. It would be hard to play
a lone hand for five years.

  “Wine!” called the costaud. “Who has
wine?”

  “Here.”

  Some one got up in the obscurity, guided
himself, fumbling, to the leader.

  Chaptel heard the gulps as the liquid left
the bottle.

  For several minutes, Chaptel had been
scratching. The tent had inhabitants not
mentioned in the official roster.

  A low laugh came from the next pile of
blankets.

  “Fresh meat! We’ll have a little rest now
until you four new ones ripen.”

  “Cooties?”

  “You’d call them that, I guess. But
they’re as large as rats, some of them! So
big you can t£ll them apart!”

  “Isn’t anything done against them?”

  “They issued powder at one time. But
these ones seem to thrive on it. You see
they’re foreigners.”
i8

Adventure

 “What?”

 “We had the usual kind until six months
 ago. Then two Italians came up from the
 Foreign Legion, and we got these. They
 don’t answer to usual treatment at all, at
 all.” The man yawned. “I’d go to sleep
 but I’ve got to get them out of Duval’s shirt
 as soon as it’s safe to make a light.”

 “Achille Duval?”

 “Don’t know his first name. 2769.” The
 man added in a whisper, “The Slicer.”
 “Where is he?” _

 “Over there, drinking.”

 “Is that him? I know him.”

 “I didn’t say anything against him,” the
 unseen man went on hurriedly. “I just
 thought you might know him better by his
 nickname.”

 Chaptel reassured him.

 After a while he laughed. No need for
 him to fight Duval!

 Eagerly he made his way toward the
 costaud.

 “Hello, Achille!”

 “Who’s that speaking?”

 “Me, Edmond.”

 “When did you come? This afternoon?
 I hope it wasn’t you I kicked.” Duval
 reached out with both hands and drew
 Chaptel close. “You poor kid! Did they
 railroad you up here, too?”

 “I got what was coming to me, all right.”
 “You wait, Chaptel. That swine, Mari-
 etti, will be settled—soon.”

 Evidently Duval did not know of recent
 events. The prisoners’ sole' communication
 with the battalion was through the new ar-
 rivals and he, Chaptel, had come with the
 first batch. He told-the Slicer of the at-
 tempt on Marietti’s life, of the sergeant’s
 resistance, of the death of Charles and Bibi.
 Duval trembled, swore. His first thought,
 however was of himself.

 “You didn’t squeal?”

 “No.”

 “You’re a good kid.” Duval patted him
 affectionately on the back. “Don’t fret,
 Marietti will get his yet.”

 “He’s a decent sort—he testified for me
 at the trial.”

 “He’s double-faced. He hoped you’d be
 acquitted. Then he’d have asked you to
 ,tell on the rest. That’s the way he gets his
 informers.”

 Chaptel was elated. This was a marvel-
 ous stroke of luck, to find Duval in the peni-
 tentiary already enthroned as leader. He

really liked him immensely, and talking
with him soon destroyed his late suspicion
that Duval might not be a safe companion.

  “Listen, kid,” Duval said. “You’re in
for a hard time tonight. I can’t help you
either.”

  “What is it?”

  “The sergeants will initiate you. Bichet,
the big boss of this dump, usually tries to
break your nerve the first evening. He has
a half dozen different ways. He hung me
by the thumbs for four hours, to start me
right. I think he’s crazy.”

  “Is thgre any way to make him ease up?”
“None that I know of. You’ve got to go
through with it. One man died last month,
a guy from the Foreign Legion who could
hardly speak French. Bichet kept after
him trying to make him recite some piece
without an^accent. The poor —— pro-
nounced P like B and B like P. He could
control his tongue for one or two words, but
before the end of his little speech he was
bound to fail. You know how cold the
nights get here, or you will know. Well,
Bichet kept him naked in the open, then
threw him into one of the pits in the ground
used as a refrigerator. The guy got pneu-
monia and croaked.”

  “Can’t some one report him?”

  “You know how that goes. The officer
leaves you here while the charge is being
investigated. Bichet would see that you
were not around to speak when the time
came. Shot trying to get away, that’s
what happens. And the tirailleurs of the
guard would lie for him.

  Chaptel tried to accept with fortitude the
prospect of torture. Strangely enough he
forgot the unpleasant future before a nearer
problem.

  “When do we eat?”

  “Tomorrow at ten. We had our panikin
of soup at five. You new fellows get noth-
ing. It’s that much saved, Bichet says.” ■
“I’m hungry.”

  “Some one may have a crust left. I’ll
ask.”

  But Chaptel was unwilling to deprive
another of his hoarded provisions, and he
was also reluctant to use Duval’s power for
his own comfort.

  “Don’t bother. I can stand it.”

  He became aware of a grinding noise
within the tent, as of metal being scraped
against stone.

  “What’s that, Duval?”
Knaves of Spades

19

  “Some one making a knife.”

  “A knife?”

  “Didn’t they take your knife away?”
  “Yes.”

  “Well! Now if you want to get along
here you’ve got to keep your rights, and
you’ve got to have a knife. Usually we turn
them out of a spoon. They aren’t so good,
but they’ll do the business. Feel this.”
Duval placed the knife in Chaptel’s hand.
Long grinding against hard stones had given
it a double edge and a point as keen as a
razor.

  “One through the guts, and your fellow
says nothing more about wind or weather,”
proclaimed the Sheer.

  “Did you ever use this?”

  “No. That’s the new one I made since
coming up here. Before, I had one that
confessed four fellows.”

  “You killed four men, Achille?”

  “It was either them or me, and I preferred
it to be them. Catch on? You’ll come to
it some time, kid,” Duval lowered his voice.
“You think being the costaud means only a
scrap now and then. You’re wrong. You’ve
got to keep up your end or you’d be done
for. If some fellow licked me, then some
other fool who was sore at me would do me
up. Even now, I can never sleep sound.
I imagine all the time that some man is crawl-
ing toward me with one of these stickers.”
Chaptel stirred uneasily.

  “Can’t you make a light, Duval?”

“Not yet. There’s an inspection at nine.
What’s the matter? Scared? These cattle
won’t do anything while my eyes are open.”
The “cattle” rustled at Duval’s words,
for he had spoken aloud.

  “Is the work hard?” Chaptel changed the
subject.

  “Not if you know how to get away with it.
The two hundred men are divided into
gangs, each one under a sergeant. The ser-
geants go to sleep in the shade. I imitate
the sergeants and go to sleep. I’m in good
with Messaoud, who has charge of our
bunch. He always wakes me up before the
sergeant is up and about. You’d laugh the
way I get busy breaking stones squatted be-
fore a big heap.

  “You see each man has got to show what
he’s done. Well, the others chip in on mine.
I’ll see that you don’t sprain your wrists
breaking stones, don’t worry. Messaoud
trusts me and even lets me go to the village,
two, three hours at a time. That dump

ain’t the boulevards, but it seems good after
this-. I’ll take you along.”

THE flap closing the tent door
was suddenly drawn aside and a
man carrying a lantern appeared,
a sergeant. Behind him two
Turcos, Lebel rifle in hand, stood casually.

  Holding the lantern high this non-com.,
one of the gang chiefs, made the round of the
tent and counted the men. Duval stood
at attention and saluted meekly as did the
others.

  “The newcomers will follow me,” the ser-
geant said.

  “Go, kid, and keep a stiff upper lip,”
whispered Duval. “Say whatever he wants
you to say. Good luck.”

  He pressed his hand warmly.

  The moon was shining outside. In the
brilliant light, the hills were beautiful.
Chaptel found himself wondering how this
aggregation of human misery could exist
in this earthly paradise.

  Of the four new men, Chaptel was the
first to enter the sergeant-major’s hut, or
rather the hut used as an office. A few
chairs, a table, a kerosene lamp hanging
from the ceiling—on the chairs, the ser-
geant-major, Bichet, the other gang-chief,
and the youthful sergeant in charge of the
establishment’s book-keeping department.

  Bichet was a man of forty-two or -three
of medium height. He wore a goatee, im-
precise as to color, mingled red and blond.
His eyes were small and of a peculiar hazel
shade. His smile was so mild that Chaptel
found it hard to imagine him as the perpe-
trator of the cruelties narrated by Duval.

  Like Marietti, he wore the Colonial and
Tonking medals and also a large enamel
plaque, bestowed by the government of
Tunis. He smoked thin cigars with a straw
tip, a cheap brand well known to Chaptel.
In fact, but for the uniform, he might have
been mistaken for a good-natured cafe-
keeper.

  Politely, even suavely, heasked the pris-
oner’s name, inquired as to his record. As
he spoke he rubbed his feet on the floor, and
Chaptel, attracted by the movement, looked
down. The planking was stained.

  The young sergeant scribbled in a register.

  “Number 3039,” he announced.

  “That’s your number, Chaptel. Your
new uniform is over there on the shelf.
Strip off what you have on.”
20

Adventure

 Chaptel still wore the white fatigue gar-
 ments of the battalion. He obediently
 stripped, and turned to go to the shelf.

 “Just a minute, my friend,” said Bichet.
 Chaptel halted, naked.

 “Come back here.”

 The sergeant-major sucked thoughtfully
 the cigaret tip. He beamed upon Chaptel.
 “You have a good education?”

 Hoping for a clerical position in the office
 against all possibilities, Chaptel enumerated
 his qualifications.

 “That’s very good. You have good relig-
 ious instruction, also, I presume? You know
 your catechism?”

 “I think I can remember something of it,
 Sergeant.”

 “That’s splendid.” Bichet smiled hap-
 pily. “How many persons in God?”

 Chaptel hesitated, looked intently at the
 sergeant-major, then deciding the man was
 serious, replied—

 “There are three persons in God, Sergeant.”
 “Yes. Who are they?”

 “God, the Father-”

 Bichet interrupted him violently:

 “Wrong! You know no more than the
 other swine.”

 He signaled to the Turcos standing by the
 door. The two came in, seized Chaptel.
 One of the sergeants came forward, fastened
 two thin cords about Chaptel’s thumbs. A
 system of pulleys was employed to lift him
 until only his toes touched the floor.

 “Will you give me that answer?” asked
 Bichet.

 “I have given the only answer I know,
 Sergeant.”

 “You’ll find out another before long. Pull,
 there!”

 After fifteen minutes, Bichet patently felt
 that his repeated questions would never ob-
 tain an answer such as he desired. He lis-
 tened for Chaptel’s groans.

 “You’re calling on the wrong person,
 Chaptel,” he declared. “Who strung you
 up? Bichet. Who alone has power to re-
 lease you? Bichet.”

 “Yes, Sergeant.”

 “Now that you know who is God in this
 camp, beg me to let you go!”

 Chaptel knew the folly of resisting this
 blasphemous beast.

 “I beg you to let me go, Sergeant.”

 “Say your piece better than that—as if you
 were in church.”

 “I implore you to let me go, Sergeant.”

  “On your knees? On both knees, you im-
plore me?”

  “Yes, Sergeant.”

  “Fine. I’ll let you go. I’m good, I am.
But you have committed sacrilege, Chaptel.
You didn’t know who I was. Do you know
now? Who am I?”

  The blood was streaming down Chaptel’s
arms where the cords had cut into the flesh.
Every muscle ached with the strain. He
was faced by a man obviously demented,
very likely drunk judging by the bottles
and tin cups on the table. The others were
laughing. What could he do?

  He gave the desired answer.

  Bichet looked at his watch.

  “Only twenty-five minutes. You were
converted swiftly, 3039. Some, more de-
voted than you, took seven and even ten
nights to see the light. But they all come
to it.”

  Chaptel was released and permitted to
sink down in a comer. He was too weary to
dress. The next man was brought in. He
perceived Chaptel, glanced at the ropes, at
the sergeants and began to tremble. He
quivered more and more through the pre-
liminaries, and when the Turcos approached
to grasp him and tie his thumbs, he fell to
the floor, foaming at the mouth and kicking
right and left.

  “Sacred-!” exclaimed Bichet. “An

epileptic!”

  The sergeants left the room to get water,
strangely eager to relieve the sufferer. Per-
haps they felt remorseful and afraid before
this unforeseen manifestation of a power
stronger than theirs.

  Writhing and howling the man beat the
floor with hands and feet, turned over and
over. He had bitten his tongue, and the
flecks of foam on chin and chest were blood
stained. He was a dreadful sight. Chaptel
watched him, fascinated by the horror.

  Suddenly, with his face hidden from the
Turcos, the man grinned at Chaptel quickly,
and winked. At least one of the new comers
had the intelligence to find a way out. Chap-
tel chided himself for not having thought of
the trick. The sergeants returned, dashed
water over the prostrate man, who at last
arose to his feet. But at the first question
he fell again, a magnificent bit of acting,
indeed, so well acted that Chaptel himself
doubted his own eyes, doubted that the grin
and the wink were not products of his own
super-excited brain.
Knaves of Spades

21

  And Bichet was defeated, Bichet gave up.
“Get your clothing and beat it out,” he
ordered.

  The other two were not so fortunate.
They stated in due time who ruled the camp,
after the same procedure used on Chaptel.
This concluded, Bichet harangued them.

  “You three are heretics. I have a few
others of your sort cooling off outside. You’ll
join them for the night.”

   As the trio started to get their clothes, he
added:

  “Not so fast, boys. You came into the
world hairless and naked. You have hair.
That’s sufficient for an improvement.”
Smiling blandly, he led the way. The cold
wind that swept the plateau chilled Chaptel
immediately. His teeth rattled.	.✓

  “My-is cold,” said Bichet.

  He took them to a pit in the ground, where
other naked men were huddled.

  “Hop in there.”

  The first man hesitated, and he pushed
him roughly. The next slid in. Chaptel,
who had never come to accept close skin
contact with others, demurred.

  “That’s a way to catch a disease,” he pro-
tested.

  “Ah? Monsieur is dainty? Monsieur
wants a private boudoir all to himself? Gen-
tlemen, 3039 wishes a private chamber.”
Astonished at this deference to his wishes,
Chaptel followed him. The walk had some-
what abated the effect of the cold. The
party came to another pit, smaller and deeper
than the first one.

  “I’ll give you a last chance to be good,
Chaptel,” Bichet suggested. “I want to
warn you that with the others you’d be
warmer. You can squeeze together and the
fellow who is strong enough to get inside the
bunch is in soft. What do you say?”

   “I’ll take this one.”

  “All right. Get in.”

  Chaptel slid down on the cold earth, to the
moist bottom of the hole.

  “How do you find it?”

  “The spring is hard and the mattress
damp, Sergeant. But it will do.”

  Bichet leaned over the edge holding the
lantern high.

  “Do you know who was in there? A fellow
who was sent to the hospital today.”

  Chaptel made as if to leap out, but one of
the Turcos menaced him with a gun butt.
The sergeants left, laughing loudly. And
Chaptel was left alone, naked, in the cold

hole. Panic stricken at first, he presently
saw through the sergeant-major’s ruse. The
last statement had doubtless been untrue,
intended to frighten him.

  “In any case,” he told himself, “this cold
earth would kill any germs.”

  His feet and hands were already numb.
He trotted around the hole, beating at his
fingers. The stars paled as the hours went
by.

  Chaptel was wondering how long it took to
make a spoon into a blade.

CHAPTEL was young, strong,
born with an iron resistance to
hardship. His ancestors for gen-
erations had been peasants, farm-
ers, mountaineers. Out of the twelve men
in number one pit, only two were sent down
the line to the hospital. Although their
parents were tuberculous, alcoholic, under-
nourished, these men themselves seemed to
have their souls nailed to their bodies.

  On the next morning Chaptel was given
his clothes. He gulped down a pint of weak
coffee, and relegated his experience to the
past.	,

  At six, he joined the gang bound for the
rock-pile. He saw Duval, but as silence was
the iron-clad rule he dare not converse with
him. When the men arrived at the point of
the road where the work of the day was to be
done, the heavy hammers were distributed,
the Turcos took their posts rifles in hand.
As for the sergeant in command, he sought a
soft place in the shade, stretched out, his
cap shading his face, and went to sleep, re-
gardless of pounding hammers and an oc-
casional altercation between the sentries
and the convicts.

  Refusing Duval’s offer to be freed from
work at the expense of the others, he swung
the tool with good will. As for Duval, he
lighted a cigaret, sat in the shade, keeping
an eye on the sergeant, and snarled his orders
to the others, who came in turn to do their
stint toward his rightful share of labor.
Duval handed Messaoud, the corporal, a
cigaret, and conversed with him in the broken
speech, half-Arab, half-French, that the Tur-
cos used.

  At ten, the first meal of the day was
brought from the kitchens in large pails.
The rations were fairly generous. Boiled
beans, a few ounces of beef, plenty of bread,
washed down with a pint of coarse, biting
red wine. For Duval, the cooks had sent a
22

Adventure

tidbit, two short, thick sausages and a raw
onion. Seemingly, Duval’s leadership was
recognized outside of his tent.

  Between ten and twelve, the temperature
rose. The hillside was flooded with sunlight,
and the broken stones glittered like dia-
monds. After eating, the sergeant went
back to sleep. A native in dingy-hooded gar-
ments came near, leading a few goats. He
sold the milk to the convicts, and when asked,
produced packages of cigarets, playing cards
and newspapers. These last were a month
old, and tattered. Chaptel learned that they
had been retrieved by the sergeant’s order-
lies and then sold. With the sergeant asleep,
low conversations started, leading as usual
to scufflings and insults. It appeared that
the convicts could not talk five minutes with-
out quarreling.

  Duval joined Chaptel.

  “How did you make out last night?”

| Chaptel told him.

  “He’s an awful slob,” Chaptel went on.
“You’re all so ready with a knife up here, I
wonder why he wasn’t bled like the pig he is,
before now.”

  “We might get a worse one.”

  “I don’t believe it!”

  Duval laughed shortly. Bichet, it seemed,
was considered a fairly good sergeant-major.
He usually rested content with the initiation
and then left the men alone. Other sergeants
kept after them months on end.

  “And even among yourselves you don’t
get on well. I wonder why, for instance,
they stand for what you do, Duval.”

  “Same reason. They might get some one
worse.”

  “Why don’t they inform the authorities
about you, and any one who succeeded you.”
“Why? Because it’s the rule of the place
that the informer be killed. Do you see that
chap over there?” He indicated. “He’s due
for a sticker in his belly sometime. He de-
nounced one of the costauds here. The rest
of us have sworn to do him up. Did you
ever hear of the ‘Ace of Spades’?”

  “The ace of spades?”

  “Yes. A society—a gang existing in every
camp, every barrack, every prison through-
out military establishments, stretching -even
to the civil penitentiary in Guiana? Well, I
belong to it. No one not a member ever
hears of it. All the costauds, caids, malabars
—gang leaders—belong to it.”

  Duval bared his arm.

  “You see that?”

  He exhibited a small tattoo, just above
the elbow, on the inside of the left arm, a
well-executed reproduction of a pip of
spades.

  “You could get money, even freedom, for
reporting this,” Duval declared. “They’ve
been trying to find out about this for years,
practically since the creation of the units.
The officers, the sergeants, all feel that it
exists. Those of the convicts who don’t be-
long know nothing more than the stripers.”
“Then why did you tell me?”

   “I’ll get you in, kid, no later than tonight.
It’ll save you a lot of trouble.”

   “I realize that it will help me,” said Chap-
tel cautiously. “But nothing is ever gained
without something given in exchange. What
will I be expected to do?”

  “Nothing much. A fellow wearing this is
generally a tough mug, and able to fight.
But when he is transfered to a new camp if
he finds that the costaud belongs to the bunch
he doesn’t try to oust him. He says nothing,
and shares on the graft. If any man squeals
on the costaud the Knaves of the Ace of
Spade get him. That’s why, if you stay here
a hundred years, you won’t see another case
of squealing. That fellow over there be-
lieves he got away with it. He’ll find out.”
Chaptel stared curiously at the doomed
man. Thin and short, almost dwarfed, he
wheeled a barrow loaded with stones. He
held a cigaret in the corner of his mouth and
grinned out of the other corner. Probably a
half-wit. But the costaud, no more than the
mills of justice, would take cognizance of his
lessened responsibility. It stirred vague,
unknown emotions in Chaptel to see a man,
to all intents and purposes dead, walking
away with a smile on his face.

  Messaoud leaned close.

  “Sergeant awake,” he whispered.

  The non-com. had unexpectedly awakened,
and now came toward the two.

  “What where you showing him on your
arm?” he asked Duval.

  “Nothing much, Sergeant,” Duval re-
plied. “He thought his forearm larger than
mine.”

  At the same time the Sheer extended his
arm and nodded to Chaptel to do the same.
“It is larger,” the sergeant declared.
Duval, surprized, looked down at the two
arms.

  “By-, it is! I hadn’t paid attention.”

  Chaptel caught something of annoyance in
his tone. Evidently the apache was proud
Knaves of Spades

23

of his bulk, and did not like to be surpassed
even on one count.

  “What did you do before coming here?”
the sergeant asked, curiously.

  “Automobile mechanic.”

  “You’ve got an arm like a country-fair
wrestler!” the non com. stated. “I’ll keep
an eye on you. I’ll bet you’ll be costaud here
within a month.”

  He pulled a metal-cased watch from his
fob pocket, yawned. “You two get back to
work. With big strong muscles like that I’ll
expect your piles to be larger from now on.”
Contact between jailer and convict in-
variable ended unpleasantly for the latter.

  That night, Duval led Chaptel from the
tent. In the moonlight, the guard on the
scaffold stood out sharply. Duval whistled.

  “That’s Messaoud,” he explained. “Noth-
ing to fear, so long as we don’t try to beat it
out of bounds.”

  He led the way to the huts where the
kitchen was installed. Inside a score of men
were gathered, the Knaves of the Ace of
Spade. The head cook, himself a convict,
shut the door and lighted the lamp. Chaptel
was introduced and instructed in the various
signs and passwords, then sworn to preserve
secrecy. Had he refused to take the oath, he
would not have been allowed to go out alive.
The melodramatic performance half-awed,
half-amused him.

  Then, using a card as a pattern, a tattoo
artist marked Chaptel with the brand of the
gang. As the fellow worked, his mouth
stuffed with needles, Chaptel wished that he
had not accepted Duval’s offer. This tattoo
habit in the battalion, in the camps, was de-
grading. And here he was, undergoing the
rather painful process for the squalid privi-
leges to be obtained.

   His initiation over, the others ignored him.
The cook produced wine, cards were brought
out. Chaptel joined in and lost. As the
wine took effect the crude formalities were
abandoned. Chaptel saw things that night
that threw a new light on the Knaves, and
on Duval.

  The time-honored song of the Bat’ d’Af
rose—

“Trabadja la moukere,

Trabadja bonnol”

  Chaptel pulled the cook’s sleeves.

  “The sergeants! They’ll hear.”

  “You’re young,” laughed the cook.
“They’re dead drunk by now. I swiped this

absinthe from the table, right under their

noses, and they didn’t move.”

  He brandished a half-filled quart.

And Chaptel saw the mixing of a strange
cocktail—strong red wine cut with absinthe.

  The door opened, a Turco appeared.
Chaptel started up, but the Arab was not
on duty.

  “Bonjour, Kruya!” he greeted the cook.
“Good day, brother, have you a small bit of
sugar?”

  “The usual blackmail,” said the cook.

  He gave the Turco a handful of lump sugar,
which the native stuffed in the pockets of his
voluminous trousers. He contemplated the
orgy placidly, until his attention was drawn
to the card game. He hesitated, then
squatted down and asked that he be dealt a
hand. Net result: He lost all the copper
coins in his various pockets, a knife and a
silver watch. No more than Chaptel, could
he cope with the sharpers. He left scowling.

  “You better give him back that watch,”
Duval suggested to the winner. “He’ll get
mad and shoot you when he finds you alone,
if you don’t. You remember—” He listed
several names.

  “I’ll give it back to him all right,” the
other assured him. “But I’ll coax a night
outside for it next time he’s on guard.”
“That’s the idea!” Duval complimented.
Then, seeing Chaptel’s tin cup still full—
“You’re not drinking—what’s the mat-
ter?”

  “Not thirsty.”

  Duval roared with amusement, called the
other’s attention and repeated what he
called a good joke.

  “Didn’t I say he was a funny guy? He
don’t drink because he’s not thirsty. What
an egg!”

  Two hours before daylight, the party
broke up. Duval halted by the door for a
few words with one of the men.

  “Tonight?”

  “Tonight.”

  “That’ll mean no end of a fuss, and no
work in the morning!”

  Back in the tent, Chaptel removed his
shoes and went to sleep. The last words he
had heard had meant nothing to him. In
fact he was too disgusted, tired and sleepy
to fathom the meaning.

  In the morning, the groups formed as
usual, and were about to move off when one
of the sergeants exclaimed—

  “2541! Where is he?”
24

Adventure

  There was an inquiry. Then the ser-
geant decided to visit the man’s tent. He
came out, waving his arms about his head
in wild excitement.

  “He’s croaked! Some one croaked him!”

  He ran toward the office, returned with
Bichet who wore only undershirt, trousers
and slippers.

  “Bring him out here. I can’t stand the
smell,” said Bichet petulantly.

  Two men entered the tent, and returned
with the body of the man whom Duval had
pointed out the previous*afternoon. They
laid the corpse on the ground.

  The skinny legs jutted out of the gray
shirt. Both hands were clasped around the
protruding end of one of the spoon-knives.
His open eyes stared straight toward the
sun, and his lips*still grinned.

  Bichet scowled at the gathered men.

  “Who did this?”

  No one answered. ^

  “Get back to your tents. I’ll get after
you one by one.”

  But the sergeant’s questioning did not
produce the truth. The companions of the
dead man remembered nothing, had seen
nothing, heard nothing. Yet the little fel-
low had not died immediately. His hands
were bloody, as if he had tried to free the
blade. He must have groaned, he probably
screamed. But before the stolid denials,
Bichet was forced to give up. A report was
made, sent down to Ain Saffra.

  Bichet was like a maniac. -- reigned

in the camp for the next few days. Tor-
tures were freely distributed. Chaptel
miraculously escaped his share. Duval
spent two nights naked in the pit and came
through the ordeal without so much as a
head cold. The murder made the Turcos
nervous. They wounded a man who had
gone aside from the others, suspecting that
he tried to escape.

  When the next meeting of the Knaves of
Spade was called in the cook house, the chef
had important news.

  “I was waiting on table,” he said, for he
combined the culinary art with the task of
table attendant to the sergeants, “and
Bichet was almost crying. ‘What do you
think,’ he asked the others. ‘They’re bawl-
ing me out. They say it’s the sixth in three
months. That’s true, but how can I help
it? Do I sleep in the tents? I can’t know
ahead of time who’s going to be killed, can
I? And they’re looking into the pneumonia

cases. You’d think this scum here was good
as gold, the way they worry down at head-
quarters!’

  “ ‘Don’t worry, sergeant,’ another pipes
up. ‘It’ll blow over like it always has.
They’ve got to justify their existence, pre-
tend they earn their salt, that’s all.’

  “But Bichet gets madder.

  “ ‘Don’t worry!-’ he yells. ‘You know

what they write me? I’ll get a lieutenant
up here, that’s what! You know what that

means. -fool of a baby with a lot of

-foolish ideas!’

  “But the others laughed.

  “ ‘Don’t worry,’ they assured him. ‘No
officer’ll come up here. It’s too far from
town and women.’ ”

  Opinion among the Knaves was divided.
Some believed a lieutenant would come.
But the majority agreed with the skeptical
sergeant. No officer liked the lonely exist-
ence in the hills.

  “Wouldn’t a lieutenant change things
for the better?” Chaptel asked.

  “How could he?”

  “The sergeants couldn’t get away with so
much. The officers don’t graft on food
either. We’d get more meat, more wine.
The regulations state that once in a while
we’re to get sausages, yet I never see any,
save what the cook gives us when we’re to-
gether.”

  “Those are the regulations’ sausages,
kid,” the cook said. “I keep them for the
real boys.”

  “Would the officer stand for the pit?”
Chaptel went on.

  “No.”

  “I’m willing to lose the extra portion of
sausage I get here to escape the pit.”

  The others glanced at each other. Du-
val scowled, then, instead of the sharp
words he intended to speak, explained:

  “A lieutenant here will mean good-by to
us for the time. The sergeants will stay
awake on the job, and we’ll have to work.
Moreover he’ll always be snooping around
trying to find out who is the costaud. The
officers have it in for us. It’s as much as
your life is worth to be found out. You get
sent down to Ain Saffra; you’re asked a lot
of questions. If you have any money hid-
den, they find it and confiscate it for the
hospital fund.

  “Then you get sent, not to a camp, but to
a prison. Sometimes you get two years in a
cell, which two1 years don’t count on your
Knaves of Spades

25

time here. And they try hard as they can
to pinch a murder on you to send you to
Guiana. No, the officer ain’t good for us.”

  “There’s always a way of getting rid of
him,” suggested the cook.

  “Even that ain’t safe. They make a fuss

about a convict but a -of a lot more

about an officer.”

  “If the worst comes to the worst, the
cook can stew a few laurel leaves in his cof-
fee,” volunteered another.

  “The taste gives it away. And what if
they took the body for autopsy? I’d be ripe
for the ‘widow’—the guillotine,” the cook
said.

  “That’s so,” Duval concluded. “Let’s
hope he don’t come.”

THE lieutenant fell into camp
like a bolt from the blue.

  He arrived at three in the
afternoon. After a short inter-
view with Bichet, he sought out the labor
gangs on the hillside.

  Chaptel saw with glee the change on his
non-com’s, face when the officer shook him
awake.

  “Is that the way you give your men an
example of industry! A third of your men
are loafing while the others do the work.
I’ve been watching for the best part of an
hour.”

  The sergeant buttoned his coat, saluted.
His face became redder and redder, until
Chaptel feared it would burst open, like an
over-ripe tomato.

  “I beg your pardon, Lieutenant.”

  “All right—all right. You can’t be ex-
pected to show zeal. The sergeant-major
gives the keynote, I suppose.”

  The lieutenant was a tall, wiry young
man between twenty-two and twenty-five.
He was blond, with a small mustache cross-
ing his tanned face, a face lighted by a pair
of resolute eyes. His uniform was elegantly
cut and he carried himself well. Even with
this aristocratic appearance, he managed
to convey to the convicts ^that he under-
stood them. Instead of barking orders as
did the sergeants, he merely motioned for
them to gather in front of him.

  “There’s been a lot of queer business in
this camp,” he announced. “That’s over.
I know it’s useless to try to get at the bot-
tom of the killings. But if it’s possible I
intend to prevent the repetition. I wish
you fellows to understand that it is to your

interest to behave yourselves. After I have
passed three months here, I’ll draw up a list
of worthy cases and submit it to my supe-
riors, recommending the best for rehabilita-
tion, for pardon.

  “You can make this job of mine easy or
hard. It’s up to you. I can only say that
I have my work to do as you have yours.
It will be best if we pull together.”

  He indicated the road, the rockpiles.

  “I have consulted the papers left by the
various inspectors. This road hasn’t ad-
vanced a mile in two years. That is why
you regard it as a hopeless task. It’s an
insult to your self-respect to expect you
to become enthusiastic over a monotonous
grind. The idea behind this road is not to
make you labor but to use your labor.
You have enough rock broken up for the
moment. Tomorrow we’ll change the
action a bit. We’ll clear the land ahead.”
He turned to the sergeant.

  “Draw back fifty yards and wait until I
call you.”

  Then to the convicts:

  “He can not hear. Have you any com-
plaint to make?”

  No one replied. Chaptel would have
stepped forward, but Duval pulled his sleeve
warningly. The lieutenant waited for a
few moments, then shrugged:

  “I know you have. But you won’t talk.
I don’t blame you. When you know me
better, you will. Go back to camp now.
Work is over for the day.”

  He walked away, located his horse where
he had left it in the bushes. Following the
disgruntled sergeant, the men marched back
to camp.

  “Why didn’t you let me talk?” Chaptel
asked of Duval.

  “Because you’re a fool. Do you think
that jewel will stick it up here long? He’ll
go back before two weeks. Then the ser-
geants would learn who spoke.”

  In camp the lieutenant continued his de-
tective work. Again he called the men to
face him.

  “The regulations permit you to have
macaroni. Today is down as macaroni day.
What did you get?”

  “Boiled beans,” said the cook.
  “Yesterday?”

  “Boiled beans.”

  “I saw the rations cut up for today, cook.
Was there enough meat for each man?
Why were some mess tins better filled than
26

Adventure

others? No need to answer. You have
special friends.”

  The lieutenant turned to Bichet.

  “I’ll have the lock repaired on the sup-
ply shack, sergeant. You’ll issue person-
ally the supplies for each day. And I’ll see
that each man gets a fair share. Any one
among you able to fix that lock?”

  No one volunteered. The lieutenant bit
his lips, paled somewhat and shrugged
again.

  One of the sergeants stepped forward.
  “Chaptel, 3039, is a mechanic.”

  “Chaptel, where are you, Chaptel?”
  Chaptel saluted.

  “Here, Lieutenant.”

  “Why didn’t you answer my demand?”

  “I am a mechanic, Lieutenant, not a lock-
smith.”

  “You seem fairly intelligent, though.
There’s a tool kit. Come over to the shack
and try your hand.”	»

  Chaptel followed respectfully. A quick
examination of the lock convinced him that
he could repair it in a few hours. He set
to work with screw driver and removed the
massive iron from the door. He sat down
on the threshold, and spread out the vari-
ous parts for inspection.

  “My name is Olivier Lespart,” volun-
teered the lieutenant.

  Chaptel looked up.

  “Mine is Edmond Chaptel,” he grinned,
“or 3039 if you prefer, Lieutenant.”

  “Edmond Chaptel is sufficient between
us,” Lespart assured him. “How do you
find it here, Chaptel?”

  His tone was friendly. But Chaptel was
wary.

  “So-so, Lieutenant. Good and bad mo-
ments, as everywhere else.”

  The Turcos had herded the convicts back
into the tents. The sergeants had vanished
into the huts. The two were alone. Les-
part produced a cigaret case and offered it
to Chaptel.

  “Have one,” he said. “You’ll work bet-
ter if you smoke.”

  Chaptel wordlessly took the proffered
cigaret.

  “Man to man, Chaptel, forgetting you
are a prisoner and I an officer, can’t you tell
me something about what goes on here?
You blame us for not helping, yet you won’t
do anything to facilitate our task. We see
the outside of you men, but have no idea
of your reactions, your habits, inside the

tents. Your obstinate silence is what
loses you.

  “Don’t blame the sergeants. They’re
only men, and in their turn when they were
new doubtless tried to do their best.
Gradually they get to hate you all, realiz-
ing your lack of trust. Then the loneliness,
the drink, takes hold of them and you get a
Bichet. I know of a man who has just been
thrown out of the army, a former sergeant,
because he was friendly with his men, and
they took advantage of it. Five escaped,
and he was discharged. He’s trying to get
reinstated. Maybe he will. Do you be-
lieve that he will then treat his men in an
affectionate manner?”

  “No, Lieutenant.”

  “I have been in the Battalion three
years,” Lespart went on. “I have seen
hundreds of men, and I am a fairly accu-
rate judge. You’re not prison game, Chap-
tel. All that ails you is a quick temper at
times. I’ll bet this cigaret case against.
the spoon-knife you doubtless have hidden
somewhere, that the initial cause of your
trouble was a quick blow given in anger.”

  “The spoon-knife is more useful to me
than that thing,” stolidly replied Chaptel.
“I won’t bet.”

  He held up the lock-bolt, snapped it with
his finger.

  Lespart laughed.

  “You and I can reach an understanding,
Chaptel. I’m not asking you to denounce
your comrades. I despise an informer.
But we’re alike. Had you been lucky you
might be in my boots, had I been unlucky
I might be in yours.”

  Chaptel choked, and his eyes prickled.
Yes, he felt nearer to this officer than to
any one he had spoken with since arriving
in Algeria. Had they met on an equal basis
they undoubtedly would have become great
friends. And Lespart was stretching out his
hand to him. He sniffed uncomfortably,
and worked savagely at the piece of
iron.

  “What goes on in the tents at night,
Chaptel?”

  “You can’t imagine, Lieutenant. Some-
times I wonder whether I’m on earth.
Sometimes I feel like vomiting my soul in
sheer disgust. The smells, the fleas, the
bugs—and the beatings.”

  “We know something of that. But you
can serve every one here, if you’ll suggest
what is lacking, why the prisoners have
Knaves of Spades

27

such gloomy ways, regardless of outside

causes.”

  “They don’t know how to play, Lieu-
tenant. They don’t laugh healthily. Most
of them never were kids. They were hard-
boiled men at six, vicious degenerates at
ten and thieves at fourteen. Nobody ever
took any interest in them. You know what
sort of fatherly counsel one gets from
jailers!”

  Chaptel laughed an old man’s laugh.
“That’s it, Chaptel, I don’t know. My
kind doesn’t know. The poor, the orphans,
the brats of apaches and low women, they
form a sort of small nation within the na-
tion. They speak a different language, obey
a different code of honor. I, it must be
admitted, have eavesdropped on groups of
men, to try to see whether I could learn
something useful. They spoke a French I
did not understand.

  “Prison argot, made up of words from the
battalion, the penitentiaries, the prisons and
the slums. Old man Hugo, who shuddered
at the slang of the criminal of his day, would
find something to astonish him here. It
isn’t one chapter he could write on slang,
but books, a library!”

  As he spoke he got up to screw the lock
back into place.

  “Just to test it,” he explained. “I’ll take
it down again and finish.”

  Chaptel marveled. Here was a “striper,”
a man in uniform, with twining braid on his
sleeves, the representative of the crushing
system, and Chaptel did not hate him. Be-
neath the clothing was a man, a real man,
strongly tempered, sensitively organized.

  “Are any of the men interested in sports?”
Lespart went on.

  “No. They’re all fighters, that is they
know a multitude of tricks, gouging, kick-
ing, but I don’t think there’s one who can
box, or fence or wrestle according to the
rules.”

  “How would they react to physical recrea-
tion?”

  “I don’t know.”

  “What you said about their not knowing
how to play struck me. There’s an angle
that might get me an opening into their
trust. What do you do Sundays?”

  “Work—or we stay in the tents.”

  “Did you ever play football?”

  “I belonged to a team that played Swiss
teams from across the border. Not a crack
team, of course, but fairly good.”

  “Then you can explain the game to them.
By Sunday I’ll have a ball. I’ll send to the
Zouave barracks for one. Don’t say any-
thing precise about it, but try to find out
who’d like to play and who wouldn’t. I’ll
have this camp happy before I’m through.
As for you, I’ll see that you get work re-
pairing tools and little things. No use
wasting your skill on the road. By the way,
mark out the playing field and put up goal-
posts.”

  “Yes, Lieutenant.”

  “When you get finished with that lock,
let me know.”

S SUNDAY afternoon saw two teams
lined up for the initial soccer-foot-
ball game. Chaptel was center,
Duval goal-keeper. All had eager-
ly grasped at this occasion to distinguish
themselves.

  Chaptel’s experience counted heavily for
his side. He avoided the others with absurd
ease, and trickled the ball down the field
toward the goal. To make the contest even
he held himself in reserve. Duval left his
post often, leaped into the game, and re-
gardless of friend or foe, kicked the ball.
He had no comprehension of team play.
And neither did any one else.

  The losing aggregation passed from en-
thusiasm to sullen determination. The
smiles vanished from their faces and they
struggled as other men fight. Several times,
Chaptel’s opponent, outplayed, swung a fist
toward his head, but Chaptel ducked and
left his man asprawl behind him.

  Several fights started, and were quelled
by Lespart’s interference. The lieutenant,
however, could not be everywhere at once.
One of the players suddenly was down,
howling, nursing his shin. The skin was
gone for several inches. The sufferer quit
then and there, and Chaptel’s team played
on with but ten men.

  Slow to learn the intricacies of the play,
the convicts had discovered every possible
means of fouling before the game was half
over. Chaptel, upon a signal from Lespart,
eased up, and allowed the others to bear the
burden. The result was a swift desperate
advance against Duval, who waited, teeth
set, brows knit, but could not prevent a
goal. Enraged, the apache dived forward,
head first, and smashed into the midsection
of the man who had scored.

  The awe in which Duval was held had
28

Adventure

been forgotten in the heat of the struggle,
and one of the men swung heartily for the
Sheer’s jaw. Duval shook his head, re-
covered instantly from a punch that would
have dropped the average man, spun
around, landed on his hands and kicked the
fellow under the chin.

  That was a mere prelude to what followed.
Spectators rushed upon the field, punched,
bit, kicked. Blood flowed. Chaptel, who
had hurried forward to avoid the mix-up,
reeled back with a gash over his eye, just in
time to stop Lespart.

  “Don’t go in there, Lieutenant! They’re
mad. They won’t know you from any one
else.”

  “I can’t let them go on! They’ll kill each
other!”

  “If you get hurt, they’ll all suffer. Better
get the Turcos.”

  Bichet and the non-coms wisely kept
away. The Turcos were sent for, and ar-
rived at the double. Gun butts soon calmed
the most ardent. Duval’s face was swelled,
one leg of his trousers had given away, his
big chest heaved and his eyes glared.

  “Get back and try it again!” he chal-
lenged. “Let’s see if you can score now!”
But Lespart had wisely decided to call off
the game. This was the first and last game
of football played in the camp. To the con-
victs, sportsmanship was a dead letter.
Their self-esteem suffered from any marked
superiority. When Lespart arranged foot
races as less conducive to homicidal fury,
the results were contested.

  “He tripped me, Lieutenant!”

  “--liar! Dung! Filth!”

  “Wait. I’ll bleed you like a pig!”

  One thing the contests accomplished: The
breaking of the obstinate silence usually
maintained by prisoners before officers.
Chaptel saw that competition would merely
create new hatreds, new jealousies. He
foresaw that the time might come when the
champion runner might be knifed by an
envious rival.	*

  “Is there anything you men can do with-
out fighting?” Lespart demanded.
“Nothing,” said Duval.

  The games were ended.

  Then Lieutenant Lespart went into his
own pocket to purchase two sheep for the
camp, and the prisoners enjoyed that un-
believable luxury—roast meat, meat that
had not been boiled into fibrous fragments.
For this gastronomical treat, the convicts

were not ungrateful. A delegation, in which
Duval figured, knocked at the lieutenant’s
door, and when he came forth in answer,
addressed him:

  “In the abyss of misery in which we poor
outcasts wallow,” the spokesman said,
using as do all Bat’d’Af men on festive
occasions, ready made phrases culled from
socialist newspapers, “your .generosity has
brought a ray of sunshine. We thank you
from the bottom of our hearts, hearts that
some may call heaps of dung, but in which
the tiny blue flower of sentiment still blooms.
We-”

  “All right,” Lespart said with a smile.
“I’m glad you like it. Double wine ration
tonight.”

  “Lieutenant, you are better than a
mother.”

  “If any one ever annoys you,” another
offered. “Just tell me, that’s all—just
tell me!”

  “I will,” Lespart laughingly assured him.

  The group left and returned to their mess
kits. The cooks brought buckets of wine.
The tin cups were passed around, drained,
refilled. A convivial atmosphere pervaded
the camp. Blows exchanged at the foot-
ball field were forgiven, men embraced in
emotional outburst. All in all the day was
a great success.

  “And what do you think of the lieutenant
now?” Chaptel asked Duval triumphantly.
“Isn’t he a regular guy?”

  Duval, his mouth full, cleared his throat
with a gulp of wine.

  “He’s a kid. We’ll get away with murder
while he’s here. So far, he doesn’t seem to
want to bother us costauds.”

  “If you lay low and don’t ride the others,
I guess he won’t,” Chaptel said. “And I
guess the days of the pit and the beatings
are over.”

  “Lay low,-!” Duval said. “With a

soft fool like him, there’ll be a lot for a
smart fellow to do. And we’ll need money.”

  “He’ll tumble to tricks in no time. I
talked to him the other day. He’s no soft
fool.”

  Duval stared intently at Chaptel.

  “I know you did,” he said shortly.

  He munched in silence for some minutes.

  “Wouldn’t it be queer, kid, if he hap-
pened to know things he shouldn’t know?”

 “You think I-”

  “I don’t think nothing—yet. I just said
it would be queer.”
Knaves of Spades

29

   As he spoke, Duval dug his spoon vicious-
ly into the roast meat, separated a sizable
morsel, which he picked up with his fingers
and crammed into his mouth. He wiped
his lips clear of grease with the back of his
hand.

  “It would be queer,” he repeated.

■4LESPART’S first attempt at a
new order of things, revealed him
IkMtfrni. to be far from the soft fool Duval
branded him.

   His idealism was bolstered by a very solid
sense of reality. Bichet soon learned that
the orders he received were meant to be
carried out. Chaptel no longer went to the
rock-pile, but wandered about the estab-
lishment doing odd jobs, mending a roof
here, a leaky drain pipe there. The tents
were cleaned out and disinfected in one day.
Lespart found the spoon-knives, and passed
bi-weekly inspections, during which the
spoons issued must be presented. Chaptel
admired the common sense methods he
used.

  Although their lot was incomparably bet-
ter than it had been, the men grumbled and
cursed the young officer for the privileges
he did not grant. Moreover, Lespart soon
obtained an almost mystic grip over the
Turcos. Overnight, they became almost
honest, refused bribes, or when they did
accept a bribe refused to grant the pur-
chased freedom. The night meetings of the
Knaves of Spades were ended for the time.
The lieutenant had formed an annoying
habit of getting up in the night, and roam-
ing about the inclosure in search of prowling
prisoners.

  On the surface all was quiet. In the
tents, trouble seethed. Becoming sure of
protection, the oppressed members of the
aggregation refused to supply half of their
money to the various costauds. The delec-
table dainties served by the cook to his
friends were no more. The strong-man
stock, Chaptel remarked jokingly to Duval,
had sunk fifty points below par.

  “Wait, he laughs best who laughs last,”
the Slicer said darkly.

  “Remember the tale of the iron pot
against the earthern pot? The lieutenant
is iron. We’re earthenware.”

  “We’ll see, we’ll see. It’s all right as
long as he doesn’t come out openly against
us leaders.”

  “If he knew, he would-”

  Duval peered at him keenly, bared his
teeth in a sort of snarl. He was not pleasing
when he did this. Chaptel remembered the
murdered old woman, the stiff-legged in-
former, and the vague fan toms of five men
Duval boasted of having sent to a bet-
ter world. He shuddered. Not so much be-
cause he loathed the man he called friend,
but because of the fact that he still liked
him. He was inclined to think that some-
thing perverted had crept into him, when
he could share bread and wine bucket with
a self-confessed assassin.

  “Kid,” Duval said once more, “you’re
getting too fond of that officer for my liking.
I usually stand for no such thing from my
pals. Take warning.”

  Chaptel, versed in the ways of his sur-
roundings, shrugged, spat on the ground.

  Duval seemed to harden, and gathered
himself as if about to leap. Alarmed, Chap-
tel clenched his fists, felt his heart thumping
against his ribs and knew that he paled.
But the Slicer finished with a laugh.

  “You’re all right, kid. I was teasing
you.”

  The influence of Lespart, a clean man,
was taking effect on Chaptel. The tyranny
exerted by Duval over the others in the
tent irked him. When he heard the sicken-
ing thump of fist on flesh, the groans and
stifled screams as the Slicer asserted his
mastery, he found himself vibrating with
indignation. Once or twice he speculated
on his chances against Duval, or any other.
He had been a mere boy a few months ago,
but he had grown large and strong. But he
stilled his desire, fought against slithering
into the universal attitude of the camp—
admiration for brute strength.

  One night, after the last round by the
sergeant, when the majority of the men were
asleep, Duval felt thirsty. He lighted a
candle, filched for him by the cook, and
proclaimed his wish. No one rushed for-
ward, as was the custom, with a filled con-
tainer. Duval was enraged. He reached
out, grasped the arm of the man nearest
him.

  “Who’s got wine?”

  “I don’t know.”

  “Get up and look. Bring it to me.”

  The others had awakened. In the vacil-
lating glow of the candle, Chaptel saw the
drawn faces, the trembling lips. The man
detailed to search for the wine went from
one bed to another. At last he found a full
30

Adventure

pail. He seized it without protest from the
owner and offered it to Duval. The costaud
drank until he turned the pail bottom up.
He should have been satisfied, and a sigh of
relief breathed through the tent.

  But Duval arose, tightened his belt. The
two quarts of wine had taken no visible
effect. He did not stagger, but his eyes
blazed more than usual. He licked his lips.
Slowly, without saying a word, he made for
the man who had hidden the drink from
him. As he walked, his shadow, huge and
distorted, moved against the dingy cloth
wall.

  The man, whose guilt had been to keep
for himself wine carefully hoarded from the
daily rations, got up and cringed back, star-
ing, fascinated.

  “I won’t do it again, Duval,” he prom-
ised.

  “You bet you won’t.”

  “I thought some one else would give you
wine.”

  “My self-respect, what of it? Am I the
costaud, or ain’t I?”

  And the Slicer leaped forward. In his
hands the man was a feather. He twisted
him about, slapped him, threw him on the
ground. The beaten man dare not cry out,
for a cry might have brought the Turcos.
He stifled his groans. Tears of pain ran
down his cheeks. He made no attempt to
fight back.

  “Let go, oh, let go!”

  Duval gave a last wrenching pull on his
arm. There was a muffled crack. A bone
was broken. Duval surprized released his
hold and stepped back. But he was un-
willing to admit having overstepped his
rights.

  “Serves you right, you sneak!” he said.

  He came back''to his cot, blew out the
light, and soon was snoring. Chaptel heard
the man groaning in the darkness. But no
more than any one else, did he find the
courage to go forward and speak to him.

  In the morning, the fellow’s arm was dis-
covered to be swelled and useless. Lespart
decided that he should be sent to the hospi-
tal in Ain Saffra. From the sufferer, he
could learn nothing. From his comrades,
no more. He questioned Chaptel, asked
him in the name of past favors to give him
a hint as to the identity of the costaud.
Chaptel reminded him of his own stated
opinion of stool-pigeons.

  “All right! I’ll get the truth myself.”

  The next day, instead of being taken to
work, the men were gathered before Lespart.

  “A man has been hurt,” he said. “I am
perfectly aware that there are men low
enough to take advantage of weakness. You
call them costauds. Their right name usual-
ly can be found, branding their occupation
before they came here. The sole difference
is that here they live off men. I’m going to
root them out. The fellow I’m after is the
one who broke this man’s arm.

  “I know that it is dangerous for you to
talk, much as you would wish to. Above
all, I don’t want any more killings. “In
there—” Lespart indicated the room he
used as an office—“in there are sheets of
paper each bearing a list of the men in the
tent where this ‘accident’ occurred. On
the table there is a pencil. Next to it, a
box. I want you, one by one, to enter the
room. No one but myself can see you, and
only from the back. I want you to mark a
cross opposite the name of the man who did
that trick. Then you’ll fold the paper and
slip it in the box.”

  He signaled Sergeant-Major Bichet to
call the roll. One by one the men entered,
then came out again. Chaptel took his
turn. Alone in the room, he tried to puzzle
out the lieutenant’s scheme.

  Lespart must know that no prisoner
would betray the costaud, even with ap-
parently no chance for discovery. Although
they could not get along peaceably with
each other, they banded together against
the outside. The papers were not marked,
he assured himself, neither on jthe front or
back. He folded the sheet without making
the requested cross, and slipped it into the
box.

  Duval went in soon after, saluting meekly
as he passed Lespart. When the proceed-
ings were over, the gang-sergeant led the
men to work all save Chaptel, who was
installing a system of gutters to catch rain
water for the laundry.

  Very soon, Lespart came from the office,
grinning.

   “I know who did that thing last night.”
   “Yes, Lieutenant.”

  “That brute, Duval.”

  Chaptel went on hammering for a mo-
ment, then he looked up and faced the lieu-
tenant candidly.

  “Ah? You think so?”

  “Yes, I think so, 3039!” He had a jocular
way of addressing Chaptel by his number,
Knaves of Spades

31

which was far from making the prisoner feel
degraded. “You know I’m right.”

  “I know nothing except that this is no
day for me to be seen talking to you.”

  “I understand.”

  He left immediately.

  Chaptel wondered how Lespart had ar-
rived at this conclusion. He felt certain
that no one would betray Duval. The risk
would be too great.

  Duval returned with the others. He sat
next to Chaptel at meal time, eating
heartily, pail between his knees. He spoke
of the events of the day.

  “Say,” he exclaimed suddenly, “who’ll
pull a long face tonight? That long-nosed
friend of yours. Thought he could find out
something by that paper trick!”

  Chaptel hesitated. Should he warn Du-
val? But in so doing he would betray him-
self, make it known that he had conversed
with Lespart on an even footing. An un-
guarded word to the Sheer at this time
might be dangerous. He remained silent.

  Summoned again before the lieutenant,
the men exchanged ironical glances. Duval
winked at Chaptel.

  “I told you I’d find the guilty party,”
said Lespart. “And I have.”

  Duval did not quiver. Doubtless he
reasoned that the officer was bluffing.

  “A costaud is always a coward. That’s
a rule. And a coward never loses an oppor-
tunity to insult a man he would not have
the guts to speak to face to face. I gave
him the opportunity. I am explaining
everything fully so that not one of you may
be accused of squealing. There is such a
thing as invisible ink. If you’d paid careful
attention to me, instead of calling me names
beneath your breath, you’d have noticed
that I had you go into the room according
to roll-call, which makes numeration easy.
After you had gone, I picked the papers out
of the box. Only one was marked. A few
words written clumsily, a disguised hand-
writing, “the words not complimentary to
me. I decided to find out who had been so
rude. A candle on the invisible ink—and
the number! I took the roll and counted
the names. Who could wish to insult me?
The man I was after. Simple, eh?”

  Chaptel, without moving, glanced out of
the corner of his eye. The Slicer was pale,
but smiling. He was keeping up a good front.
Moreover he was not convinced that he was
identified. His last doubt was soon removed.

  “Mesaoud, bring Achille Duval here.”
Messaoud, gravely, came to Duval and
conducted him forward.

  “Here you are!” Lespart greeted him.
“And you don’t seem very sure of your-
self. I have called you a coward. I repeat
it. Your breed disgusts me as it would dis-
gust any man with a stomach. Look at
him, you men who refused to betray him.
Isn’t he a brave man? The little fellow,
whose arm he broke, had probably done
much less to him than call him a coward.
He dare not touch me, because to touch me
means the firing squad. He tortures men,
has killed men, yet fears death himself.”
Duval blanched.

  “You gold-braided swine,” he said firmly,
loudly. “A sergeant taunted me until I
struck him. Of the two of us, who is the
greater coward? You, who dare me to
touch you at the risk of my life, or me, the

convict, with all your - machine ready

to squash me? If I am what I am, it’s your
kind that did it. Dare me again, and I’ll
throttle you. That’s what I am—Achille
Duval, the Slicer!”

  “You’re a bully, but not a coward,” said
Lespart.

  Both had courage, Duval to talk back,
Lespart to admit a mistake before the men.
Around him, he felt a surge of enthusiasm,
not for the officer, but for Duval. These
men whom the Slicer had oppressed, were
now proud of having been his slaves. A
low murmur of approval rippled. And all
of them, with the exception of Chaptel,
hated this young man who was arresting
their hero for their good.

  Lespart beckoned to Sergeant-Major
Bichet.

  “Place him in irons.”

  “Yes, Lieutenant. Frog-tie him too?”
  “No.”

  “Thank you, Lieutenant,” Duval said
suavely. “By the way, what am I arrested
for. What has been my sin?”

  Here Lespart made a grave mistake. An
older man would have stood, by his first
statement, would not have engaged con-
versation with the prisoner.

  “You’re under arrest for breaking that
man’s arm.”

  “I beg your pardon, mon lieutenant—”
when occasion demanded Duval could ex-
press himself with elegance—“you may
arrest me on suspicion; that’s your right.
But please do not consider me guilty. As
32

Adventure

for the slip, I do not admit having written
it. It is very, very possible that the sheets
were shifted.” He gestured widely. “So
many men handled them, and no one is
infallible, save his Holiness the Pope.”

  This was a crucial moment. If the lieu-
tenant discussed the matter further, Duval
would argue and evade, and each clever
reply was a point in favor with the other
convicts. Between the officer, from another
strata of society, who wished them well,
and who was going to unnecessary trouble
for their sakes, and the Slicer, who was of
their class and tyrannized over them, their
choice was made. One and all, they would
stick to Duval. The psychology of it? Who
can fathom the abnormal brain? The phre-
nometer has yet to be invented.

  Lespart’s small mustache bristled, each
hair apparently straining forward. His eyes
narrowed. When he spoke his voice had a
strange metallic quality.

  “I have a perfect right to clamp you in
prison, with or without reason. I’m begin-
ning to believe that’s the right course to
follow with you: Irons, pit, irons, pit. I
have been unable to explain to your satis-
faction why I am locking you up. You’ll
have plenty of time tonight to think it over.”

  “I always knew that your fine promises
of justice would end in this manner,” Duval
said intrepidly. “I presume you will also
prevent me from stating my case in writing.”

  Lespart smiled:

  “Not at all. I’ll take your protest to Ain
Saffra. I’m going down there tomorrow on
other business. Bichet, take Duval to jail.
The rest of you, dismissed!”

  On the afternoon that the lieutenant left,
the gang-sergeants sought the customary
shady spot. That the officer would never
come back was the general belief. He was
said to have taken a “run-out” powder,
to have fled from the loneliness of the place,
where he mingled neither with the sergeants
nor the prisoners. Chaptel, himself was
gripped by this popular belief.

  The costauds settled accounts with those
who had murmured against authority, who
had refused a service due from a loyal serf
to a baron of the large muscles. Before twi-
light came upon the hills, faces minus
blackened eyes, swollen noses, and bruised
ears were the exception. Yet, in spite of
the disorder, a little thrill of relief pervaded
the camp. With Lespart, actual suffering
had been lessened, but other things had been

missing, principally the complicity of the
Turcos and the laxity of the sergeants.

  Bichet immediately absorbed several
drinks. His eyes gleaming, nose outthrust
belligerently above his thick mustache, he
set out to assert himself.

  Chaptel was leisurely laboring on minor
repair work—plugging a hole in a tin pot—
when a formidable shock sprawled him face
down into the dirt. He gained his feet,
saluted the sergeant, and dusted his cloth-
ing. Bichet, agog with concentrated mirth,
watched him.

  “Eh, eh! Our model prisoner! How have
you been, my dear boy? Hav’n’t seen you
to speak to for ages.”

  “Very well, Sergeant.” Chaptel then
risked a joke. “You have lost no strength
yourself. What a heavy visiting card!”

  Bichet was appreciative.

  “You spring good ones, sonny. Well,
now that your friend is gone what are you
going to do? I hold it from very good
source that the lieutenant has been assigned
to a company leaving for the Sahara. So
you’ll be all by your little self. I’ll try to
keep you busy.”

  “Thank you, Sergeant.”

  Bichet braced his feet wide apart, and
swayed back and forth, hands clasped be-
hind his back.

  “I have several plans for reform in mind,”
he declared. “As has been the custom, I’ll
discuss them with you. Now, the prisoners
will receive salaries equal to non-coms’. A
three-course dinner, good wine. I intend
to construct beautiful, spacious dormitories.
Twice a day, I and my comrades will line
up, and allow you all to kick us. Isn’t that
a program?

  “I have also written to the President of
the Republic and to the Minister of War,
suggesting various rewards for long service.
Prisoners who stay with us ten years will
receive the Military Medal and a pension.
For twenty years, the Legion of Honor. No
more brutality, kindness to be the rule.
See, I am even kinder than the lieutenant.
But all this,” Bichet added with great show
of courtesy, “is still uncertain, for the
future.”

  Without warning he struck Chaptel in
the face, cutting his lips.

  The prisoner wiped the blood away and
saluted.

  “You’ll do me the pleasure to drop that
job you’re playing at,” Bichet went on,
Knaves of Spades

33

“and trot down to the rock-pile, select a
hammer and get to work. I like palms
hardened by honest toil. Yours are getting
as soft and pink as those of a young lady
brought up for marriage.”

  “Yes, Sergeant.”

  “You run very well. I saw you the day
of the games. Make that clump of trees
in thirty seconds or the pit tonight, and
your skin for a nightshirt.”

   Chaptel held his cap in one hand and sped
for the clump of trees indicated. The fear
of the sergeant’s wrath gave him unknown
speed. Although he slowed down to a
moderate walk as soon as he was out of
sight of Bichet, he was still panting when
he found his tent mates. They were sur-
prized to see him, and spared him neither
caustic comments nor cutting allusions to
his misfortunes.

  “Good-by, soft snap!”

  “His ’ittle friend’s gone. No one loves
him now!” said Big Mary, a tall, slender
youth.

   Chaptel, after a glance to assure himself
that the sergeant was not watching,
knocked Big Mary down with a open hand
blow. Swinging a hammer, he faced the
others. They saw that he was angry enough
to use the tool, and subsided.

  “I guess you’ll get thick with Duval
again,” some one volunteered. “Believe
me, it’s better to pick your friends in the
tent. Who gave you that smash?”

   “I fell.”

  Messaoud, strolling near, suggested that
he better work.

   He was kept on the rock-pile three days.
Then news reached camp that Lespart
had refused an assignment with combat
troops, and would come back to the hills.
It was Bichet who received the official
announcement.

   Bichet called Chaptel into his office, ap-
plied various ointments to his bruises.

  “Go ahead with the work the lieutenant
gave you,” he said. “Between ourselves,
I think you better keep your mouth shut.
He may go away again, for good. Remem-
ber, I never forgot either a dirty trick or a
lavor.”

   “I’ll be dumb, Sergeant.”

   “That’s right, 3039.”

  “When will he be back?”

   “In four or five days.”

  When Chaptel went for his food, the cook
leaned close and whispered:

   3

  “Kitchen tonight, after the last roll-call.
Messaoud’s on guard. The Sheer will be
there.”

  “He’s in irons.”

  “Trust me.”

        THE cook made good his word.
w-J-S Duval was there when Chaptel
rePorted at the meeting of the
Knaves.

  Bichet and the sergeants were drowning
their disappointment in absinthe, had been
since four in the afternoon. To filch the
keys from the semi-conscious man had been
an easy matter for the cook. Chaptel
strongly suspected that the culinary artist
had added certain ingredients to the men’s
coffee not mentioned in the receipt-book.
Messaoud had forgotten his newly acquired
principles before the offer of a kilo of sugar.

  “Hello, kid,” Duval said, extending his
hand.	✓

  “Hello, how are you making out?”

  The Slicer laughed.

  “I’m used to it. All in all I must have
spent the good part of a year in irons.”

  Then the usual songs were sung, the cus-
tomary drinks served. But Chaptel felt
that something important would be decided
before the meeting broke up. The cook was
fidgeting. Duval was more nervous than
he cared to admit. Often, a hush fell over
the gathering, during which time the men
stared at each other without words.

  “Let’s get down to business,” Duval said
at last.

  His dominance was pronounced. His
courageous reply to Lespart had branded
him not only a strong man but a daring
champion. He propped his elbows on his
knees, nursed his chin in the palms of his
hands. Chaptel again was fascinated by
the massive face, the hard eyes.

  “About Lespart something must be
done,” the Slicer stated. “He’s coming
back here. He’s found me out, and it’s
only a question of time before he finds us
all out, and tumbles to the meaning of the
ace of spades.”

  “You were foolish to write what you did
on the paper,” Chaptel offered.

  “That ain’t the question, kid. It’s not
what I did, but what we’re going to do.
You fellows are no wiser than me, are you?
He’ll find some way to get under your skin.
Lespart ain’t the sort to be scared by warn-
ings. He’s a stubborn ass; proof of it, he’s
34

Adventure

coming back. For myself, I fear nothing.
He can’t prove I broke that fool’s arm. At
the most, ninety days in a cell. One lives
through it.”

  “That’s a lot of talk,” muttered the cook.
“Are you scared to tell us what you’re
hinting at?”

  “No. We’ve got to settle Lespart.
There’s only one way.”

  “Only one way,” the others agreed.

  “Got the deck of cards?” Duval asked.
  The greasy pack was produced.

  “Ace counts highest,” stated the Slicer,
to avoid possible controversy after the cut-
ting. “Go to it, Chaptel.”

  Chaptel cut, without trembling. He felt
strangely indifferent. But he breathed
easier when he held up a two-spot.
“You’re out—next!”

  “What about yourself, Duval?” one of
the Knaves remonstrated.

  “Me? How could I? I’ll be in irons.”
The cook cut a queen. He mopped his
shaven cranium nervously. Only when an
ace was cut, did his hands cease shaking.
At last every one was eliminated except
two men who had cut aces. A second cut
decided the question. The unlucky man
accepted his lot quite calmly. “Woolen-
Leg,” as he was nicknamed, was serving his
thirteenth year in the penitentiary, being
unfortunate. When he chose to punish a
balky serf, a sergeant usually appeared. He
had a flat face, his eyes were colorless and
his skin shone like a mirror.

  “It’s my business,” he accepted. “I’ll do
it. But I’ve got to be told when, where and
how.”

  “When?” Duval mused. “As soon as
possible after he comes back. On the first
moonless night. There’ll be no getting per-
mission from the Turcos. In a big mess
they’d squeal. Where? Let’s see.”

  He was silent for several minutes.

  “He always gets up around three in the
morning and snoops around between the
tents. To make sure, some one will watch.
You, Cook. When he comes out of his hut,
you can hoot once. Woolen-Leg will slide
out and lay for him. In the far tent two of
you will start arguing loud. He won’t
watch himself, but will run, straight for the
trouble. You know him. That’s all.”

  “Is it?” Woolen-Leg asked scornfully.
“Do you think I can get him with my bare
hands? He’s no weak sister, and packs a
gun. And he took away our stickers.”

  “The cook will give you one.”

  “Me? Never!” howled the cook. “I’d
be accused of it.”

  “Sure you would, unless you fixed it this
way, stupid,” Duval said. “Two three days
before the thing, tomorrow if you want, yell
like blazes, say some one pinched your bacon
hacker. All the time you’ve got it hidden
away where you can put your hand on it.
You’re not such a fool that you can’t get it
to Woolen-Leg on the quiet.”

  “I’d prefer not to have anything to do
with it,” the cook said. “I’ll get the irons
for losing the knife,”

  “We’d all prefer,” Duval said with heavy
sarcasm, “thirty thousand francs income, a
mansion on Victor Hugo Avenue. Woolen-
Leg is not kicking. Why are you?”

  “Oh, me!” Woolen-Leg put in modestly.

“One more or less-”

  “After it’s all over there’ll be-to pay,”

Duval went on. “We’ll have gendarmes,
captains, lieutenants, judges, up here. I
have been in a camp before when an officer
got removed. You better have your stories
ready, and stick to them. There won’t
be no torture to make you own up. The
newspaper boys will come up from Algiers,
Oran and even Paris. But the judges are
tricky and they’ll try to catch you. If any
one tells you that he knows you didn’t do
it, but was there any talk of it before it hap-
pened, say: ‘No, the lieutenant was such a
regular guy that no one wished to hurt him.
It must have been an outside job. Better
question the natives in the village.’ That’s
the way it was worked before, the time I was
telling you about. They got the brother of
the officer’s native queen! And gave him
twenty years for luck.”

  “I guess it will sort of cool off the rest,”
Woolen-Leg remarked. “Lespart with a
kitchen knife in his belly.”

  Chaptel, who had been sitting dumbly in
his corner, accepting all this free talk about
murder without emotion, shuddered.

  He recalled the stiff legs of that other,
emerging from the dingy gray shirt. More
than this, he feared the long days of expec-
tation, when Lespart would speak to him,
offer him cigarets, joke, and all the time he,
Chaptel, would know that he was as good
as dead.

  And that conclusive night in the tent,
when he would listen for the cook’s signal,
when he would hear Woolen-Leg making
his furtive way between the tents. There
Knaves of Spades

35

would be a cry, a scream. But no one else
would pay any attention. The Turco on
the scaffold might shout a question, then
forget about it. And Chaptel would He
between the blankets, sweating cold, until
Bichet discovered the corpse during the
morning round. During that night, Chap-
tel felt, he would lose the last shred of self-
respect. He would be guilty of conspiracy
to murder. Everything that happened to
him from then on would be deserved.

  Lespart had treated him like a man.
Whatever light there had been in his life
since he left France, had been due directly
to the lieutenant. Chaptel imagined the
roles reversed; he, Chaptel, the officer.
Lespart here in the kitchen listening to the
planning of a cold blooded murder. What
would Lespart have done? Done? He
would have stood up and denounced the
whole group for what they were: scum.

  Caution whispered: If you talk, they’ll
kill you. Not one of them would hesitate
to plunge a knife in your belly. If you
talk, you’ll get yourself killed, and will not
change the course of events a bit. And if
you keep silent, and warn the lieutenant,
no matter where you go, they’ll get you.
And the lieutenant, too. One word of pro-
test now, and all those sinister faces would
turn toward him. He would be singled out,
a marked man, without a chance from that
moment. His body would be found by the
outer fence. No one would talk, that would
be the end of it.

- If he told Lespart—Lespart took every-
thing concerning danger with utter calm.
He would not realize the gravity of the
danger. Lespart was of a courageous breed,
was brave alone, in the dark, a bravery
distinct from that of Duval, who was brave
before an audience, not so brave without
spectators. One was a gentleman, the
other a bandit. Of the two, whom did
Chaptel resemble the most? It all hung
on his decision tonight.

  It seemed useless to interfere. Don Quix-
ote jousting with windmills was sane com-
pared to Chaptel if he challenge^ the gang.

   His mouth felt dry; his scalp prickled. He
was half sick with fear at the mere thought
of speaking. He would never find the
strength.

   “Let’s have a drink on it,” Duval said.

  Chaptel accepted the bottle, placed his
lips where the others’ lips had just been, and
swallowed. Absinthe, almost undiluted.

A dazzling light came into his soul: That
night, in Ain Saffra, when Charles and Bibi
had found him, he had had courage, false
courage, true, but enough to risk anything.
Here, in the glass container, was bottled
bravery, a bravery often despised. But not
finding it within himself to be brave when
sober, what was Chaptel to do? He coughed
once or twice, but drank on. At length Du-
val took the bottle from him, held it up to
the candle, marking the level with his thumb. *

  “And I thought you could be trusted with
a bottle!”

  Chaptel silently rubbed his stomach,
already warm.

  Oh, that the stuff might blaze in his veins,
so that he could throw away his life without
regret, without fear, as Lespart would have
done, sober. Chaptel plus absinthe equals
one Lespart! A strange addition, thought
Chaptel. For a Lespart minus absinthe
did not make Chaptel, contrary to the old
school rule that a subtraction proved the
total of an addition.

  A sort of gaiety came to him. And while
the others conversed in low tones he sang:

           “Pendant que chantait la fauvette,

          Ils s’en allaient, les amoureux—

          While the warblers were singing,

          The lovers went their way.”

  He felt immensely sentimental, lonely as
the broad ocean. He recalled his mother,
his father. Poor folks, they had brought
him into the world, watched him fondly,
coddled him, raised him to manhood. And
all that would be made useless tonight, when
he talked. He recalled, foolishly enough,
the deep hole where he learned to swim,
shaded by willows with the gaunt poplars
standing against the brilliant sky, majestic
and complacent. Of all trees, poplars were
nearest humans.

  “Bravo, Chaptel!” Duval applauded.
“After you leave here you can go into
opera.”

  “I may not leave here,” Chaptel declared
with a grin.

  He was enjoying the joke. He alone
knew that he would not leave the camp,
ever, unless one might call leaving the camp
to go to the straggling row of crosses in the
cemetery down the hill, where the native
shepherd lads occasionally came to prove
their disrespect of Christians.

  Christians! Here they were, twenty odd
Christians, Knaves of Spades. What a
36

Adventure

pretty opinion of a race they gave the na-
tives! What a wise thing for France to do,
sending her wayward sons to represent her
in the Algerian hills. Edification of Euro-
pean virtues for the Moslem natives. Bril-
liant, brilliant!

  He had stopped singing, but another had
picked up. And Chaptel having given the
mood, the usual entertainment of filthy bal-
lads was forgotten. The big fellow in the
far corner chanted in a not unpleasant bass,
something about two white oxen marked
with red, a familiar peasant song.

  The cook produced a last bottle, which
was offered to Chaptel in his turn. He
gripped it eagerly, and added to the supply
of courage, of warm courage hiding in his
stomach. **

  Duval lifted his hand for attention.

  “The meeting will break up in twenty
minutes. I’ve got to go back to the lock-up
before they change guards. Is everything
agreed upon? The cook to supply the knife,
two to start the fight, and Woolen-Leg to do
the heavy work. Lespart must go.”

  He looked about him, and then asked the
question invariably asked by all confident
costauds, the question that Chaptel had been
waiting for.

  “That’s what I say! Who says different!”

CHAPTEL rose to his feet.

  “I do!” he shouted.

  Duval’s first reaction was in
in the nature of an anti-climax.
The expected tigerish leap, the thump of
fists against his flesh—nothing came. The
Sheer did not even get up. He smiled
broadly, winked at the others.

  “Kid,” he said solemnly, “you’re soused
as a Pole.”

  “Not so soused that I can’t tell you that
I’m fed up with your apache ways,” Chap-
tel retorted. “But soused enough to knock
your head off. Come ahead, costaud'/”

  But the Slicer persisted in taking the af-
fair as a joke. He laughed gently.

  “Go to bed. You don’t know what you’re
saying. I should have known better than
to let you in on this. Usually, no guy gets
in who hasn’t been here years. By that
time, there’s nothing yellow left in them.”
“Knifing a man in cold blood is a dirty
thing. You fellows can’t do it while I’m
alive.”

  “Listen to the kid, will you!” exclaimed
Duval. “You’d never think he once was

ready to bayonet a man for me, would you?”
Chaptel feared that if the discussion were
prolonged his nerve would fail him. He
decided to hurry matters and have it over
with. He was willing to be annihilated,
but not to endure long suspense. There is
a word in French to describe Duval’s pro-
fession: A sad calling, not easily forgiven
by men, but counting among its followers
such distinguished names as that of the
Duke of Marlborough, victor of Blenheim.
Chaptel knew that to speak this word would
precipitate the conflict.

  “I was green, then, I didn’t know what
you were, Sheer. You dirty souteneur!”

  In a single move, Duval was on his feet
and lunging forward. Chaptel put up his
hands, and with an uncertain sentiment of
happiness welling within him, made ready
for the shock. But the cook had launched
his fat figure between Duval and Chaptel,
somehow entangling the apache’s arms in his.

  “Not so fast! I’m responsible for this
shack and what’s in it. When you’ve
schemed for years to get a job like this, you
don’t risk losing it.”

  “Let go of me, let go of me,” Duval pant-
ed, trying to throw him off.

  “Not much!”

  The two were careening dangerously near
the racks where the sergeant’s china was
kept. The Sheer had kept sufficient con-
trol of himself not to hurt the cook, and re-
luctantly drew back.

  “It’s got to be settled tonight,” he said.
Then added to the others: “That’s grati-
tude. I’ve been easy with the kid, thought
he was green. There he goes and sticks up

for that-Lespart!”

  “The sergeants are drunk. Messaoud’s
on guard. What’s to keep you from going
back of the tents?” asked the cook.

  “In the dark?”

  The cook threw open a shutter, indicated
the brilliant moonlight.

  “All right. Send some one out to warn
Messaoud.”

  A man left, and returned in a few seconds.
Corporal Messaoud promised to give orders
to the Turcos that the prisoners should not
be interfered with unless they passed camp
limits.

  “You’ve got to be back in irons when
the guards change,” suggested Woolen-Leg.
“I’ll handle him.”

  “Not much. Messaoud will fix that, too.
Let’s go!”
Knaves of Spades

37

  They trooped out, heedless of the uproar
they caused. As they passed the sergeant’s
quarters, the cook perfunctorily looked in,
and turned away satisfied.

  “That was a good brew!” he said proudly.

  Behind the row of tents, between the
shelters and the hedge of spiny bushes en-
closing the camp was a spacious clearing, the
place once used as a football field. Some-
how, the men in the tents had learned, or
scented something important about to hap-
pen. The Turcos, rifles in hand, leisurely
approached, herding the swelling crowd be-
fore them. No one conceded Chaptel an
outside chance against the powerful Duval,
but to see the apache in action, any man
would’have foregone a night’s sleep.

  Duval, teeth set, took off his coat and
shirt, spat in his hands. Chaptel imitated
him swiftly, knowing that the other would
not be above taking advantage of any delay
on his part.

  The wind was cold and blew across Chap-
ters chest and face. He felt the vapors of
absinthe clearing from his brain, yet ex-
ulted to find himself uncringing, ready. He
faced his opponent, fists clenched, head low,
watching the heavy-booted feet.

  To his, and every one’s surprize, the Slicer
did not repeat his famous onslaught. He
appeared to respect Chaptel’s ability as a
fighter, unproved though he was. Evi-
dently he recalled the sergeant’s prediction
that the younger man would be costaud.

  Chaptel did not wish to attack, to un-
cover himself. What slim chance he had,
he would not throw away. To rush a man
as agile and powerful as Duval would be im-
becility. So, for a full minute, the two
circled around each other.

  Then Duval sprang forward.

  Chaptel bent at the waist, evaded the
flaying fists, and shot both hands to Duval’s
face. He did not know how to deliver a
punch, had no particular skill in boxing, but
the sheer weight of his muscular body was
sufficient to bring the apache to a stop, and
drive him off balance. Chaptel followed
up the advantage with several blows to the
head. Under his tightly bunched knuckles
he felt the flesh give way. He threw cau-
tion to the wind, and dived in.

  The Slicer who had never given ground
before any man he had fought, did not now.
He leaned forward, bore the punches and
threw his fists against Chaptel blindly. And
the younger man was amazed to find, that

although the punches hurt, they did not
have the withering power he had expected.
He instinctively felt that he was having the
better of the exchange. They stood head
to head, swinging their arms, the blows
drumming dully.

  Very soon, Chaptel lost consciousness of
the punishment he was undergoing, and
knew only that he was hitting Duval with
every move. The forgotten lore of his boy-
hood fights came to him. He took a step
backward, and as Duval shuffled forward,
struck him behind the left ear. Duval
rocked, almost fell. Chaptel felt hands
gripping at his shoulders, knew that the
apache was trying to throw him down. He
broke clear. Then Duval kicked out vi-
ciously, a long side kick aimed at the spot
immediately below the knee cap. Chaptel
sprang away lightly.

  Again they circled. The Sheer rushed.
Chaptel leaned back, lashing with a right-
hand blow. Duval vanished from his vision.
He felt a terrific smash against his ribs and
reeled back. A kick—Duval had landed a
kick. His breath pained him. His head
was not clear.

  Duval, scrambling on all fours along the
ground, gripped his ankles and threw him
down, himself rising immediately to a favor-
able position for another kick. But Chap-
tel sensed the danger, concentrated his
energy into effort and was up and out of
his way.

  “Watch his feet, Chaptel,” some one ad-
vised.

  Chaptel needed no such recommendation.
The one kick had come near to being the
end. He was aware that once down, he was
lost. Duval knew too many tricks of that
game for a novice to hope to cope with him.
When the next kick came, Chaptel was
ready. He seized the heel, pushed upward,
and before Duval' could rise found time to
stamp several times upon his torso.

  “Fall on him! Get his eyes!”

  Chaptel recognized the cook’s voice. His
successful stand had already gained him a
following. Duval was feared but not deeply
liked. To see him humiliated by a young-
ster whom he had scorned would please his
victims, the ex-costauds.

  Duval, on his feet again, staggered back,
holding his stomach. Then he fell on his
knees. Chaptel eager to finish the fight,
rushed forward, his eyes on the muscular
neck where he would press his knee. But
38

Adventure

Duval suddenly gripped him around the
knees and threw him. Having learned
that Chaptel was as quick as he, he did not
let him rise, but squirmed his body about
holding him close. For a long panting mo-
ment, the two lay, head to feet, one on the
other. The Slicer was obviously afraid to
release his hold to seek a better one. Chap-
tel had one hand free. His quicker mind
gave him the edge. He grasped Duval’s
ankle, and twisted.

  Duval screamed in a muffled way, loos-
ened his grip, dug the ground up with his
nails, kicked out and freed himself. The
two were up at the same time, and the slow
circling began again.

  Of the two, Chaptel was the thinker.

  While Duval tried for a few simple finish-
ing holds, Chaptel was planning his battle
with method. In the moonlight he could
see the Sheer’s tattooed chest heaving, his
flanks working like bellows. The fast pace
was telling on him.

  Chaptel, therefore, made a running fight
of it. He had suddenly remembered that
Duval ate heavily and drank more than his
share. The dainties prepared for him by
the cook would be his ultimate undoing. If
Chaptel could make the apache run after
him, the fight was his. The Slicer’s vicious
habits would do the rest. He wondered
why no one had ever thought of this before.

  But this turn did not please the crowd.
He was roundly cursed for his apparent
cowardice. But he held to his plan. Duval
pursued him doggedly, swinging his arms,
kicking out. Chaptel watched him closely,
did not try to retaliate and saved his
strength. At one time he even turned his
back frankly, and dodged away. This was
comical, and the spectators became hilari-
ous. Messaoud applauded—

  “Kif-kif oiseau—the same as a bird!”

  “He’ll catch him—he won’t catch him—
he’ll catch him—he won’t catch him,”
chanted a wit.

  This was more amusing than any one had
a right to expect. A comedy with a certain
tragic ending. The grotesque appealed to
the distorted minds. Duval was raging
and swearing. When he halted for breath,
Chaptel teased him with faint rushes, kept
him always on the move. The massive
apache was drenched with perspiration.

  His running gradually wore down to a
trot. His arms swung with less vigor.
When a blow did reach Chaptel he felt it

merely as an ungentle tap. The sting was
gone.

  Then Chaptel set to work.

  He aimed at Duval’s nose, pumped
smashes into the sore spot as fast as he
could. He felt the warmth of blood on
his fingers. He shifted to the eyes and
pounded away. The Slicer made a few
ineffectual passes with his feet, almost
tumbling with the effort. He groaned
and spat blood.

  “Kick him, kid,” advised Woolen Leg,
shamelessly passing into the winning side.

  Chaptel found a savage pleasure in bat-
tering that formidable face. He pounded
the protruding jaw from all angles, sharp-
shooting at the bobbing head as a marksman
aims at a bottle in the water. Duval’s tre-
mendous vitality alone kept him on his feet.

  Tired, Chaptel paused. Duval stood in
place, arms down, head forward, punch-
drunk.

  “Had enough?”

  “No.”

  Duval somehow found strength to swing
his arms. Chaptel brushed them aside and
continued to rain blows. He was begin-
ning to sicken. But he could not leave
Duval on his feet unless he admitted him-
self beaten and pleaded for mercy.

  At last, the Slicer sank to his knees. Piti-
lessly, Chaptel leaped on his back, pressed
him to earth, bore down with his knee
against the neck, holding Duval by the ears
and rubbing his face into the ground. When
Duval stopped struggling, he arose, and
wiped his hands on his trouser leg. He be-
lieved the fight was over. But Duval got
up on his hands, then to his knees. He
stood.

  This was a ghastly nightmare. Chaptel
had to push him down again. He remem-
bered how he had once liked the Slicer. His
old feeling of friendship began to return.
Again, he rubbed the raw face into the soil,
and released him. Again Duval got up.
The magnificent courage of the man, the
courage he had often doubted, appalled
him. He wanted to flee from this sullen
determination more than he had wanted to
flee from death.

  “Where is he?” mumbled Duval. With
both eyes blackened, he could not see.

  “I’m here, Duval. You better stop.”

  Duval tottered forward.

   “I’ll get you yet!”'

  Chaptel could not summon the will power
Knaves of Spades

39

to strike him again. He threw him down
heavily. Duval struck the ground with a
sickening thud, sprawled out, bloody face to
the moon, and lay still.

  Satisfied, Chaptel found his shirt and coat
and donned them.

  When he turned again, Duval had rolled
on his stomach, was hoisting himself up
again. A sort of hush had come over the
crowd. They watched without a word of
mocking or encouragement. How many
times would Duval arise?

  Bhnd rage swept Chaptel. He ran for-
ward, leaped upon his beaten enemy and
flattened him out. Then, once again he
gripped the ears. But instead of rubbing
the head sidewise, he bumped it on the
hard soil. Once begun, he could not stop.
The nervous strain had snapped his com-
mon sense of decency. Duval must not
get up again, that was all he remembered.

  No one interfered.

  At length Chaptel stepped away, half-
expecting to see that persistent dragging
movement. But the Slicer was done, done
for that night at any rate. Several min-
utes went by and he did not stir, but lay
sprawled out, face down. Messaoud ap-
proached curiously—

  “He croaked?”

  Chaptel shrugged. Then he gestured
again to indicate that all was over. The
cook ran forward.

  “I hope he isn’t killed,” he said. “They’d
find out I let him loose.”

  He turned the Slicer upon his back.
Duval’s jaw had dropped upon his chest.
From the mouth flowed blood and saliva.
The cook pressed his ear against his chest,
held up one hand for silence. He looked up
at Chaptel with a grip.

  “He’ll do.”

  “Do you think he’s hurt much?” Chaptel
wondered anxiously.

  “Him? You’ve got to kill a man like
that to hurt him. He’ll be all right tomor-
row, and in three weeks his face .will be as
good as it ever was.” Then he added, ju-
diciously, “Which ain’t saying much.”

  He called to Woolen-Leg and another
man.

  “Help me carry him to the lockup and put
the irons back on him.”

  Woolen-Leg laughed.

  “What’s the idea?” Chaptel asked.

  “I’m thinking of the face on Bichet, to-
morrow when he sees how Duval beat him-

self up, all alone, with claws and paws in
iron bracelets!”

  In spite of his disgust and weariness,
Chaptel smiled. He was worried about
Duval. He dipped a handkerchief in water,
washed the apache’s face. Then he tried
to revive him. But Duval had taken so
long to lose consciousness he seemed to de-
mand an equal length to recover. Neither
beating in his palms, throwing water over
his head or the uncorked flask of ammonia
produced by the cook, had effect.

  And so Chaptel was forced to abandon
him on the hard sloping planking that
served as mattress in the lockup, with his
wrists and ankles circled with irons.

  The cook had waited outside.

  “Come over to the kitchen. I guess you
want to talk to us.” *

  Chaptel’s speech was brief and to the
point.

  “You know what the fight was about.
You better forget it. I won’t interfere with
you on anything else, for the moment. But
what I say goes from now on. Who says
different?”

  He waited. No answer came.

IN LESPART’S absence, Bichet
drank all day and the longer part
of the night.

  And the lieutenant returned

unexpectedly.

  From another prisoner Chaptel heard
what happened.

  “Old man, when the Striper came in,
Duval was roaring with fever.

  “ ‘What ails that man?’ the lieutenant
asked.

  “ ‘I don’t know,’ Bichet says.

  “ ‘You don’t know! Have you made
your rounds regularly, Sergeant-Major?’

  “Bichet kind of laughed.

  “ ‘Mon Lieutenant,’ he says, astonished-
like, ‘am I the man to neglect my duties?’

  “ ‘No, no, I can’t say that/ the Striper
pipes up. ‘Bring a light. I think he’s
sick.’

  “It was as dark as a nigger’s pocket in
there. I hear Bichet fool with a lantern. I
see a match fuse up. I knew how Duval
must look, so I didn’t waste time looking at
his mug, but kept my eyes on the officer.
You know those eyes of his? They seemed
to leap out of his head, hke. And that
funny wisp of hair he calls a mustache stood
up like bayonets on parade.
40

Adventure

  “ ‘Norn de Dieu, Sergeant-Major, is this
Duval?’

  “You’d have laughed to see Bichet. His
jaw dropped and those black teeth of his
looked like a stump fence. He licked his
lips.

  “ ‘I think it is, mon Lieutenant.’

  “ ‘He’s been beaten/ the Striper goes on.
“Then I looked at Duval, and I almost
laughs out loud. I don’t know whether it
was the cold made it worse, but Duval’s
face was all swollen and puffed. He looked
as if he was sprouting mushrooms of differ-
ent colors. You must have busted some-
thing high in his nose, because it kept leak-
ing blood. The Striper looked as if he was
going to fall down crying.

  “ ‘It’s a crime, an abomination!’ he
bellows.

  “And I thought for a minute he was going
to wallop Bichet. The sergeant stepped
back.	0

  “ ‘I didn’t do it,’ he says.

  “‘You didn’t'do it?’ Lespart picks up.
‘You didn’t do it! Who did then? Not
the other prisoners. They’re in irons.
You’re the only man who has the keys,
Sergeant-Major!’

  “Bichet was a sight. He couldn’t say he
had got drunk on duty, and let the keys get
away from him. And unless he said that,
he stood out as the guy who had lambasted
Duval.

  “ ‘It’s disgusting to beat a defenseless
man,’ the Striper said zharply. ‘You un-
speakable swine, it’s men of your sort that
give the army a bad name!’

  “Bichet could only roll his eyes and say—
  “ ‘Mon Lieutenant! Mon Lieutenant/’
  “Then the Striper turned to me.

  “ ‘You saw the Sergeant-Major do this?’
“ ‘I did not, Lieutenant,’ I says. ‘It
was too dark to see anything.’

  “ ‘Did you hear anything?’

  “ ‘No, I sleep sound, Lieutenant.’

  “ ‘Facts speak for themselves,’ the Striper
said, and called for water, and washed Du-
val’s face. He kept swearing under his
breath.

  “ ‘You hit him with a club,’ he accused
Bichet. ‘Don’t say different. These aren’t
fist blows. The poor fellow’s in pain.’

  “ ‘Give him morphine,’ suggested Bichet,
eager to say something.

  “ ‘No, he’s excited, delirious. I fear he
has concussion or a fracture of the skull.
The best thing is to send him to the hospital.

Poor fellow, he’ll only get out of bed to face
court martial. As for you, Bichet, you’ll
be thrown out of the army. And if this
man dies I’ll see that you get yours.’

  “They took the irons off Duval. Four
men came in to take him out of the lock up.
He was still raving.”

  “He was raving when they put him in the
wagon to go to Ain Saffra,” Chaptel put in.
“Bichet went with him.”

  “That’s a good one on the sergeant-
major!”

  “Yes,” Chaptel agreed. “Funny thing
how accounts are squared.”	,

  Later, news came from Ain Saffra.

  Duval, under treatment, had recovered
quickly. He had refused to make an accu-
sation. Nevertheless, the evidence against
Bichet was sufficient to cause the non-
com’s dismissal from the Army. Duval,
himself, stood trial for breaking a man’s
arm. The court martial condemned him to
an additional two years in a military peni-
tentiary. At Lespart’s request, he was
sent to another camp, on the desert border.
These two years, added to the five he had
drawn for striking Marietti, gave a total of
seven. As he had already served two years
in the battalion, and five in the pen for a
former offense, his minimum stay in Algeria
would be fourteen years. And if he met
another Marietti, he would never get out.

  There were moments when Chaptel
wondered if his career would not parallel
that of the Slicer.

  Gradually he had acquired the swagger
and insolence of the costaud. Although he
never took money from his subjects, he
drifted into lazy habits at the expense of the
others. Another man made his bed, a
second washed his clothes, a third hunted
fleas and lice in his garments. When the
work was not to his liking, he meted out
punishment, but without Duval’s bru-
tality.

  He had drawn away from Lespart. He
could not afford to be thought overfriendly
with the officer.

  Sometimes at night, after an altercation
with a weaker man, he feared to close his
eyes, strained his hearing to catch the rustle
across the tent floor which would warn him
of a stealthy approach. He came to know
the cold fear of a knife. Often he awoke
suddenly, and brought his hands down to
protect his belly. He spent glorious, half-
mad, half-drunk hours, gloating over his
Knaves of Spades

41

power, making the men perform antics for
his amusement.

  He had experienced bad moments when
his authority was challenged, and feet and
fists were brought into play.

  His previous life sank into the back-
ground, was forgotten.

  Whole months rolled by, and he did not
write home. What was he to write?
Could he give his parents details of his inti-
mate life? Was there anything in his ex-
istence that would bear the telling to his
mother? Could he write:

  “Yesterday, a man refused to clean my
shirt, therefore I beat him?”

  More and more he learned to speak in the
slang of the pen. Words that had once
shocked him were the only ones that came
to mind when he desired to express himself.
A quart of wine, a cigaret, nothing to do—
that was his ideal. He had occasional con-
cern about his physical condition. The
others worked on the rock-pile. Lespart
still allowed him to do lighter tasks about
the camp. His biceps, once hard and
springy, were flabby. The skin did not
seem to stretch over the muscles. Around
his waist, rolls of fat appeared.

  Some night, he knew, there would come
an answer to his query—

  “Any one says different?”

  The man would be strong, hard, ambi-
tious. And Chaptel would go down, to
take his place among the lowly, to shrink at
a word, to kill fleas in another man’s shirt.

  But the fear was not great enough to
make him work.

  He lost consciousness of the passing of
time. One day was like another. Twice,
Lespart went on leave. Twice, he came
back. A year and a half had passed since
Duval’s departure.

  Eighteen months—counting his time in
the battalion, he had been in Algeria twenty-
two months. When he next entered the
barber’s shack to have his head shaved,
he paused before the mirror, and removed
his long-visored cap.

  His face was lined, soggy. There was
resolution, but little intelligence. He was
startlingly like any other convict. Now,
the doctor would not say that he was dif-
ferent from the rest. What a mug! His
mother would have doubted his identity.
Had he seen such a face in France, he would
have exclaimed—

  “Jail-bird!”

  What fear could not do, a remnant of
vanity accomplished. That night he made
his own bed, examined his own shirt, re-
fused the wine offered him.

  Resolutely he closed his eyes and tried to
forget the possibility of the knife. He must
first conquer that particular fear, the fear
that showed in his face. It was an uphill
fight against habit—the hardest for a man to
win. And he won. The change in his ap-
pearance attracted attention. He was
chaffed about his cleanliness, and he man-
aged to allow the jokes to pass unpunished.

LESPART, some time later,
pausing near him briefly, en-
couraged him.

  “I was giving up hope, Chaptel.
You were going under—fast. I was seri-
ously thinking of sending you to the rock-
pile for the good of your soul. What came
over you? No matter. You’re pulling up.
Good work.”

  “Thank you, Lieutenant. I believe I
had the prevailing disease, lack of interest
in life.”

  “Discouraged, eh? You know, it’s the
most heartening thing to see you recover.”
Chaptel had served twenty-four months
in the pen when Lespart called him into his
office. The officer was smiling, and patting
a paper spread before him on the desk.

  “Your case never seemed quite clear to
me. I wrote to the authorities in Ain
Saffra, and asked for an investigation. The
civil authorities looked up Charles and Bibi.
Addresses found on them were traced, let-
ters found. Duval had written his friends
about his quarrel with Marietti, hinting
that Marietti’s removal would please him.
He wrote, in so many words, that you,
Chaptel, would point out Marietti to the
two men, but that you would not help them
if you knew their full intent. As is well
established by your trial, you withdrew
when you understood the criminal plans of
Charles and Bibi.

  Marietti himself said you were not quite
sober the night of the attack. He saw
you at the music-hall. My superiors have
agreed with me that your case can bear
correction. I am practically certain that
your sentence will be lifted within a few
months. I think you may be expected to
serve a few months in the battalion. Of
that I am not quite sure. The petition
signed by the major, the doctor and myself,
42

Adventure

is before the Commander in Chief. You
are aware how slowly such matters are at-
tended to. But I can almost promise that
you’ll be out of this camp in two months,
and home in eighteen.”

  Chaptel groped for a chair. His cap fell
to the floor. He held his head in his hands.
Lespart, more touched than he liked to ad-
mit, breathed noisily, coughed, laid a hand
on his shoulder.

  “What the -, 3039! That’s nothing

to cry over!”

  “How would you feel toward a man who
had pulled you out of a quicksand?”

“I’d promise him not to jump in again.”
“That’s promised,” Chaptel assured him.
“I’m going to be a man some day, thanks to
you. If you ever need that man, Lieuten-
ant, ask for him.”

  “I’ll make a confession to you, Chaptel.
I’m getting as much joy out of this as you.
You don’t believe it? Just try to play
Providence for some one, some time!”
Chaptel straightened up, as he recalled
that one night when he had played Provi-
dence for Lespart. His debt had been paid
in advance. And Lespart had helped him
without knowing any cause for his gener-
osity.

  The two men shook hands, and Chaptel
left, feeling as if he treaded on air.

  He sought his tools, but his trembling
hands refused service. He was filled with
sentiments which defied expression. He
wanted to shout, sing. His head still swam
with emotion when five o’clock came.

  The cook emerged from his shack, wad-
dled majestically toward him with a bucket
filled with potatoes.

  “Help me peel these,” he suggested.
“Sure,” Chaptel agreed, wondering what
he had to say.

  They worked in silence for a few minutes.
“Six new Turcos have come to reinforce
the guards,” the cook volunteered. “One
of them brought a letter to Messaoud, who
gave it to me to give to you. I guess the
guy who sent it didn’t want it read by the
officer. Otherwise he could have mailed it.”
The cook cast a cautious glance about.
“I’ll slip it in the bucket. You take it out,
casual like.”

  Chaptel did as he was directed, secreted
the envelope in his tunic. He put a two
franc piece in the bucket.

  “Give to the Turco this.”

  The cook turned away, but Chaptel saw

  that he licked his lips. He knew what pro-
portion of the tip would reach the Turco.
The two franc coin would melt to a twenty-
five centime piece in the journey.

  As soon as the night meal was over and
Chaptel was alone, he took out the envelope.
The message was not signed. It was badly
written, sprinkled with mistakes in spelling.
When deciphered into normal French, it ran
as follows:

Edmond:

I made a friend of you when I had nothing to gain
and much to lose by doing so. Remember how I
taught you to clean your things in barracks?

  You ended our friendship in a cruel way. You
humiliated me before everybody, for the love of a
man who was not even one of us. Remember that
if I had given the word, everybody would have piled
on you and finished you. I wanted to go easy with
you, not hurt you much, just enough to knock some
sense into you. You tricked me and won in a dis-
loyal way.

  I got two years in this-of a place and it has

made me bitter. If you thought I’d forget, you’re
wrong. You probably told the Striper that you
didn’t want me in camp. I was forced out of a good
camp to this hot place, which is ten thousand times
worse than up in the hills.

  I write you now because some of the Turcos are
going to your camp. It’s the first chance I have
had to tell you what I think of you. This place is
breaking up. We’ve finished laying the telegraph
wires as far as Isallah. I know I’ll be sent back to
the old camp. And when I get there you’ll be the
sixth. I warn you ahead of time so you’ll know
why it happened. I’ll sleep easier after I’ve got

you, you-, you false friend, you hypocrite, you

-, etc.”

  Chaptel folded the paper, then as an
afterthought set a match to it. Duval
coming back—soon—

  What could he do?

THE next morning Chaptel went
to Lespart.

  “Lieutenant,” he said. “I
would like to be transferred.”
The officer seemed taken aback. Doubt-
less he could not reconcile this request with
his own announcement the previous after-
noon.

 “How? Where? Why? You come and
fire demands at me without explanation.
Recall that a transfer at this time will com-
plicate the procedure to free you.”

  “I wish to be sent to another camp, any-
where. I don’t care much as long as it’s
away from here. I have private reasons for
wanting this, Lieutenant.”

  “I have no doubt,” Lespart agreed
gently. “But how do you expect me to
Knaves of Spades

43

know if you don’t tell me? Come on, talk—
you and I are alone, no one will hear you.”
“I can not talk.”

  Lespart pushed his kepi to the back of
his head aftd grinned. He slapped the desk
jovially.

  “Some inside stuff that messieurs the
prisoners do not want noised abroad, eh,
Chaptel? You had a quarrel with some
one? I will transfer you to another tent.
That’s the limit of my power until I am able
to pass on the necessary papers. You see
the camp in the south is breaking up, and
contingents from it are overflowing into
other establishments. It would be a dif-
ficult matter to convince the authorities that
you should be transferred, merely on a
whim. There’s no two ways about this:
Either you tell me who has threatened you
or I can do nothing.”

  Chaptel saluted.

  “I understand, Lieutenant,” he assured
the officer. Then he shifted to a routine
matter.

  “May I have 1106 to help me today?”
Lespart filled out an order for the ser-
geant in charge of 1106—alias’Gautier, alias
Woolen-Leg—to permit that man to assist
Chaptel for the day.

  Although the cook had preserved a vague
hostility toward Chaptel, Woolen-Leg had
proved his loyalty, backing the new costaud
with the authority of his long term of
service in the camps. Between the vet-
eran convict and Chaptel a friendship had
grown, a sort of mutual respect, a tacit
agreement to keep the others under con-
trol. On the fine points of penitentiary
etiquette, Woolen-Leg was matchless.

  And so, that afternoon, Chaptel broached
the subject.

  “Duval’s coming back up here.”

  “Then you better watch out. He may
be sore over that hiding you gave him.
He’s a mean bird that way.”

  “He wrote me a letter. Says he’ll knife
me. Do you think he means it?”

  “He does. There’s only one thing to do:
Get him first.”

  “I couldn’t bring myself to to do that.”
Woolen-Leg shrugged, whistled softly, and
went on with his work. He did not press
his point. Asked for his advice, he had
given counsel. This being disregarded he
had no further concern in the matter.

  “Will it do any good for me to change
tents?” Chaptel asked after a pause.

  “What’s a few yards more or less to go
when you’re after a man? As for the Tur-
cos, you know as well as I do, whether they’d
interfere with Duval.”

  “I’m half tempted to make a clean breast
of the whole business to the lieutenant. He
might do something then.”

  Woolen-Leg looked at him coldly.

  “That wouldn’t help much. He might
jail Duval, or transfer you. But you’d get
yours just the same, because it wouldn’t be
Duval alone that would be after you, but
all of us. Me with the rest.”

  “Why? What choice is left with me?”
“Why? You give Duval away, and in-
directly it may lead to exposing all of us,
the Spades. That’s why.” Woolen-Leg
chuckled. “Talk if you want. No one
ever got away with it. Look at this.”

  He drew a newspaper clipping from his
pocket, torn from a French provincial
paper.

  A former member of the battalion had
been killed, knifed through the back, in the
cafe he owned. Woolen-Leg produced other
clippings. Evidently he had a methodical
turn of mind as well as a keen interest in the
subject.

   “They talked, that’s what,” he explained.
“This affair of yours is between Duval and
yourself. Don’t make it spread.”

  “I won’t!” Chaptel announced heartily.
“This Knaves of Spades business is like
putting your finger in cog wheels.”

  Woolen-Leg did not reply. Again, Chap-
tel took the initiative.

  “I won’t get Duval,” he said firmly. “I
can’t get out of here by talking to Lespart,
that’s understood. There remains one other
way—escape.”

  “To the coast? The gendarmes would
nab you before you got far. You’re a
European, and can’t go through native vil-
lages unnoticed. I’ll bet you don’t speak a
phrase of Arabic.”

  “I don’t. Who’d have taught me? The
Turcos? But we’re near Morocco. Once
clear of the camp, a night’s fast march, and
I’d be over the border.”

  “Then what?”

  “I’d gain Tangiers, then America.”

  “Just like that—” Woolen-Leg exclaimed
mockingly. “Do you know what happens
to men who try to get away through Mo-
rocco? No? The fellows over there chop
them up. No joke. Me—me who’s talk-
ing to you, I saw with these two eyes, the
44

Adventure

bodies of a bunch of boys from the Foreign
Legion who had deserted, with arms and
ammunition, nine of them. Not far from
this place, just this side of the border, on
what is officially French ground. Those
nine boys were armed and could fight, vet-
erans, with medals. They just went crazy,
the way Legionaires do, and beat it. How
many Moroccans they got, no one knows.
But in the end-”

  “I guess I couldn’t make it.”

  “Guess you couldn’t. Do you know what
escape means? Thirst, sun, madness, cap-
ture. Then an extra term for trying to get
away.” Woolen-Leg paused reminiscently.
“I tried it once.”

 “When?”

  “A few years ago. A fellow was coming
back to camp to get me. I got frightened.
Used to dream of him at night. Couldn’t
stand it any longer. But I didn’t dare kill
him. At the time, I had never killed no-
body. It’s the first one that counts. I
managed to steal a bayonet from a Turco.
Another fellow came along, with a clasp
knife. You know how hard it would be to
get out of here? Well, that other place,
down near the desert, was worse. We did
it, though.”

 “How?”

  “Who can tell? We were crazy. No one
saw us go. We walked all night and slept
in the bushes all the next day. The patrols
looking for us passed not twenty yards
away. With darkness, we managed to steal
a couple of blankets from the natives in
a village. They were pretty white and at a
distance could pass for burnous. We had
to bury our uniform caps and go bare-
headed. We didn’t dare go near the water
holes. They were watched. Eat? Noth-
ing much. A couple of dates, that’s all.
Enough to keep an Arab alive, but not one
of us.

  “After a week, stealing a chicken here, a
piece of meat there, land once in a while a
drink, we were so tired and hot we could
hardly stand. My feet were swollen and
bleeding and we had sores on our legs from
walking through1 spines. Then we got
almost caught by a native goum—native
auxiliary cavalry—and had to hide two
days. Then we found an old guy, an
Arab, with a little boy, watching sheep near
a well. The old boy held his gun on us and
told us we’d have to pay for food. I
managed to ask if we could have water out

of the well for nothing. He said no. Yet
it wasn’t his well. It was everybody’s.
Can you picture anything as mean as that?

  “I got sort of crazy then, and jumped
him, gun and all. The thing went off, and
tore half my right calf away. But I put the
bayonet through his belly. My pal had
caught the kid. When I turned he was
laughing, with the boy across his lap, throat
cut, and his eyes looked backward at me!
We drank until we near busted. Then we
threw both down the well, with stones and
sand in their clothing. After, we killed a
sheep and ate a lot, cooking the meat over
the old man’s fire. It was only when I be-
gan to feel sick to my stomach and weak all
over that I bandaged that hole in my leg
with rags.

  “The other fellow was for staying with
the sheep near the well. He couldn’t think
of nothing else. I knew that somebody
was bound to come and look for the old guy
and the kid, and said we’d move on. We
filled a skin from the well—maybe it was
imagination, but I thought it tasted of
blood—cut big hunks of meat from the
sheep, and went on.

  “I managed to crawl, bum leg and all.
The other fellow got crazier and crazier.
One night he tried to kill me with his clasp
knife, shouting that I was the kid come
back. I beat him up, and left him there.
I was fed up with trying to escape, and
gave myself up. When they looked for the
other fellow, he was dead. Starvation and
hardship, they said. I drew down an extra
year.”

  “What about the fellow who wanted to
knife you?”

  “Oh, him? I got him first. Nobody
ever knew. That’s how it worked out.”
“You’ve seen a lot of things in your time,
Woolen-Leg,” Chaptel said, flattering him.
“If you were in my shoes and didn’t want to
get Duval, what would you do?”

  “You can mutilate yourself, cut off a
finger, put out an eye—swallow germs
given you by another fellow who’s sick.”
Chaptel shuddered.

  “You can take a wallop at one of the
sergeants, or at Lespart. You’ll get sent
down for trial But both ways bring you
back here after a while, and put off the
time when you got to face Duval. There’s
another way, but you might not care to take
it. Get some sharp instrument, wound a
sergeant. Then there’s a big trial, and
Knaves of Spades

45

maybe ten or fifteen years hard labor in
Guiana. Guiana is no worse than here,

after all, except that the climate is--

rotten. And a lot of guys escape from
there, too. Many more than from here.
There escape is easy.”

  “Ten or fifteen years—escape easy-■”

  “Then, there’s the trip. It’s a big
change. You see the sea. You see South
America. Some people pay money to
travel like that. But—’* Woolen-Leg
compelled himself to an honest statement—
“it’s touch and go. Sometimes when you
wound a sergeant, the court martial’s stiff-
necked, and calls it military rebellion, arms
in hands. Then you’re stood up against a
wall.”

  “My chief aim is to keep alive. Other-
wise I’d wait for Duval. I’d be willing to
serve fifteen, twenty years, rather than get
the Slicer’s sticker in my guts. You said
you dreamed about it. So do I. It gets
me sweating in the night, all of a sud-
den, just thinking. You know how
it is.”

   “We lead a life not fit for a dog, yet we
like to keep on. Always hoping for a
miracle—as if we didn’t know we’re due to
croak here.”

  “Did you ever know any one who got
away from Guiana?”

  “One fellow, from here, I knew. I got
a post card from Argentina. He’s a sailor
now. And a fellow in my tent has a
brother in New York—you know, in the
United States—who skipped out after seven
months.”

4	“There’s such a thing as extradition,”
Chaptel protested.

  “Not for small fry. You’re no celebrated
apache, or a well-to-do crook who murders
his girl. Your photograph won’t be around
in every paper in the world for every cow to
look at. Neither will you be branded as a
dangerous criminal. You’re just a poor
bum that got away. They’re almost sure
to say good riddance.”

  Chaptel was tempted.

  “No use,” he said at length. “I won’t
risk the firing squad.”

  “I don’t blame you. I—-” Woolen-Leg
broke off suddenly and smote his forehead—
“I got it—-wound a civilian! They can’t call
that rebellion. And you’re good for ten
years in Guiana.”

  “Not a bad idea. But where’ll I find a
civilian? None around here. And any-

way I couldn’t harm a poor fellow who had
done me no harm.”

  “If you object to everything,” Woolen-
Leg blurted out, “how can I suggest any-
thing? You want to get away, but you’re
not willing to do anything.”

  The conversation thus ended unsatis-
factorily, and the two resumed work in
silence.

  It is imagined by free men that a human
being, of average intelligence and normal
instincts, would prefer death to a long
prison term. It is also imagined by men
in good health, that should they develop
an incurable disease, they might resort to
suicide, as a favor to themselves and to the
universe. But the sick man clings to the
hope of a cure, the prisoner to the possibility
of escape or the miracle that will free
him.

  Chaptel decided, as had thousands be-
fore him, that life was worth living, regard-
less of the torturing features. He arrived
at this conclusion not through a logical rea-
soning, but through instinct for self preser-
vation, which seems to develop, rather than
wilt, in hardships.

  Escape from the Algerian camp seemed
impossible. Woolen Leg’s experience was
but one of many. A single success he had
heard of. A German youth, enlisted in the
Foreign Legion, stranded in the convict’s
camp, had vanished on a certain night, and
had been heard from six months later. It
was said that the imperial consul in Algiers
had spent a small fortune in bribes. But
Chaptel had no such influence.

  Should he be able to get to Guiana, there
was a chance.

  He calculated that Duval would return
in perhaps two weeks. Rumors floating
about the camp combined to give him that
opinion. He had two weeks in which to
reach a decision.

  A week passed swiftly without new devel-
opment.

  The rabbit thrown in a boa constrictor’s
cage, a mouse between a cat’s paws, doubt-
less undergo feelings similar to those Chap-
tel entertained while waiting for Duval.
As inexorable as the shifting of day into
night, was the persistent hatred of the
apache. He knew the relentless patience of
the breed. Duval could hold back his hand
days, weeks, but eventually Chaptel’s body
would be dragged out into the sunlight some
morning when he failed to answer roll-call.
46

Adventure

HE lost his appetite, grew thin
and haggard. He relaxed into his
former slovenly ways. Lespart at
first tried to be sympathetic, then
seemed puzzled by the sullen silence. He re-
monstrated with Chaptel, even threatened
with a term in irons. Then, he changed
tactics again. Chaptel was summoned to
the office.

  “I may have been wrong in telling you
of the prospect of freedom,” the lieutenant
-said. “The reaction of the first moment of
happiness is on you, that’s all. Your nerves
have snapped. You’re impatient, you long
to be out of camp, isn’t that it?”

  Chaptel who saw no purpose in denial,
nodded mournfully.

  “I have a plan,” Lespart went on.
“You’ve been around here several months
without even walking as far as the rock-
pile. You need a change. I’ll take a
chance. Give me your word of honor that
you won’t try to escape, and I’ll send you
down to the native village with Messaoud,
to do the marketing for my table and the
sergeants’ mess. Corporal Messaoud will
not watch you—he’ll carry the basket.
You’re going for a stroll alone.”

  “Thank you, Lieutenant.”

   “I merely want to make one thing clear:
Letting you out without authority from
headquarters is against regulations. It will
pass unnoticed if you behave yourself. If
you don’t, I’ll be in hot water.”

   “You may trust me, Liejitenant.”

   “I know it.” Lespart shoved three five-
franc pieces across the desk. “Take these
and get out. Have a good time. Here’s the
list of stuff you’re to buy. Be careful of the
eggs. Better let Messaoud inspect them
before a light. I prefer my chicken some-
what older.”

  Flanked by the lanky Messaoud, who
bore only the bayonet and a capacious
basket, Chaptel passed, cigaret in lips, be-
fore the astonished sentry and strolled down
the road toward the village.

  There was no use denying freedom felt
good, even this limited freedom. To try
the sensation of going where he pleased,
Chaptel left the main trail, followed by the
imperturbable Turco. He grew drunk on
the sense of being his “own man,” of not
having to glance over his shoulder for a
watchful sergeant. Hands in pockets, jin-
gling the three silver coins musically, he
ambled along. He met the lad with the

troop of goats, and bought a drink of fresh
milk.

  “You go down to the village often?” he

asked Messaoud.

  “Twice, maybe three times a week.”

  “You’re a lucky man, Messaoud.”

  Messaoud did not quite understand. But
he did not question. That was the good
point of Messaoud. He gave one a sense
of companionship yet did not interfere by
foolish requests for information.

  The village was not exactly a metropolis.
Stone houses, brown roofs emerging from
the rose-laurel hedges, a group of women
coming back from the fountain at the foot
of the hill, two or three children, and in a
corner a white-bearded old man squatted
in the sun, asleep. Save for the fleeting
glimpses from the train windows on the
journey from Algiers to Ain Saffra, this was
Chaptel’s first sight of a village. He forgot
his misfortune to admire the picturesque
aggregation.

  Messaoud, who did not have the same
reasons to pause, suggested that they shop
first, then while he, Messaoud went to the
cafe, Chaptel might look about at leisure.
Chaptel consulted the list, and then sought
out the woman who usually supplied the
camp’s military staff with fresh food.

  Messaoud, although an Arab, spoke Ber-
ber with sufficient fluency to haggle over
prices. He drove bargains as if acting in
protection of his own purse, rather than in
the interest of the government. He asked
for a lantern and examined each and every
egg of the three dozens bought. The woman
argued, protested. Messaoud broke the
egg in question and invariably proved his
point.

  From there they went to another house
to see what the Turco corporal considered
the most marvelous spectacle in the hills:
A jeweller at work, pouring gold into a
mold. Chaptel had lived in a section of
France renowned for watch-making and
jewelry, and saw nothing to admire, and
asked Messaoud to take him to the cafe.
Refusing the red wine offered by the native
owner, he drank coffee and ate little cakes
with an unutterable feeling of luxury. As
the cafe also served as general store, he
purchased chocolate for Messaoud. The
owner of the cafe spoke a little French and
Chaptel conversed with him.

  The dialog consisted for the most part in
questions and monosyllabic answers.
Knaves of Spades

47

 “You know Algiers?”

 “Yes.”

 “Nice city—big place—tram-cars.”

 “Big place.”

 “I come from France. Big place, too. No
 oranges. No dates. You been to Franee? ’ ’
 “No.”

 A pause. Then the inn-keeper asked—
 “What they make place you come from?”
 Chaptel reached out, pulled the watch
 from the sash-belt around the fat waist.
 “Make these.”

 “Yes?” The native rubbed his thigh
 placidly, then rose and disappeared within
 the shop, to return with a long-handled
 knife in an ornate leather sheath.

 “What men pay for this in France?”
 Chaptel examined the curio.

 “Ten francs, maybe.”

 “A man from Algiers, a European, is due
 here. They say he give me twelve francs,
 Sometimes fifteen, for a blade like this.”

  “Is it old?”

 “Yes.”

 “That’s why.”

 “Old knife is worth more than new one,
 then?”

 “Sometimes. Is the man from Algiers
 here now, in this village?”

 “No. He comes this afternoon.”
 “Soon?”

 “Soon. Wants to buy knives, swords,
 rifles, all old.”	5

 A collector of Kabylian antiques and
 home-made implements, Chaptel surmised.
 He must not miss him. It would do him
 good to talk to a man of his own race. He
 lighted a cigaret, stretched out on the mats,
 eyes shaded by the peak of his cap. Les-
 part had not told him to hasten, and he need
 not return until the six o’clock call.

 He was willing to forego a meal to pro-
 long this seeming liberty. The inn-keeper
 summoned his helper with a new pot of
 coffee, and squatted, gravely silent. Mes-
 saoud, relaxed and jovial, hummed to him-
 self. On a roof not far away, a stork
 strutted, intensely white against the blue
 sky. Women laughed, in spite of the heavy
 water jugs balanced on their shoulders, and
 the sound was pleasing to Chaptel, starved
 as he was for the sound of laughter.

 His day-dreaming was interrupted. Some
 one had come into the cafe. A European by
 the step. Chaptel rearranged his coat, placed
 his cap at the correct angle, wiped his shoes
 with a dingy handkerchief. This done he rose

to his feet and faced the newcomer. The
face beneath the panama hat was familiar.
“Eh, well! 3039! How are you?”
“Sergeant Bichet!”

  “No, not Sergeant Bichet—Monsieur
Bichet, if you please! You can not fail to re-
call that I was put out of the army, although
I swear I didn’t do anything. Lespart still
up there?”

  “Yes.”

  “Too bad. I’d have liked to have gone
up and seen the boys, for old time’s sake.
But he never took to me much, did he?
How have you been? You look older. By
the way, I remember your number but not
your name.”

  “Edmond Chaptel.”

  “Yes. Well, as you see they did me a
favor. At first I didn’t know quite what to
do. In France, I had no luck. I came back
to Algiers, got in touch with a firm that ped-
dles stuff to tourists, told them I knew the
lingo up here, and am on commission. Ten
per cent, of the profits! Look!”

  Bichet went into his pockets, produced a
handful of bills and coin.

  “A little better than fifty francs a month,

what? And no stubborn-to make life

miserable for me. No weak sister to sym-
pathize with the down-trodden prisoners.”
“I guess you found it a change all right,”
Chaptel agreed. “Don’t you ever miss it?
I remember you used to have a pretty good
time with some of us.”

  “Oh, that kidding the newcomers? I sup-
pose you’re still a little sore about it. But
•—I don’t mean this for you—it’s necessary
to get the jump on that cattle up there, or
they’d walk all over you. Let’s see, what
was the gag I pulled on you.”

  “You asked me how many persons in
God, Monsieur Bichet. And you put me in
the pit where the sick man had been.”
“Didn’t hurt you much, did it? And you
realized right away who was boss. Saved
us a lot of fuss later. Now that I’m not an
official, you see I’m not a bad fellow. Have
a drink, Chaptel?”

  “Sure.”

j| BICHET was not fond of coffee
and a bottle of wine was substi-
tuted. -Chaptel, suave and polite
in appearance, was revolving
thoughts that would have made the former
non-com. uneasy. But Bichet was not a
mind-reader.
48

Adventure

  “How long do you still have to serve?”

  “A few years.”

  “Provided you live that long. I always
thought you was mixed up with that Duval.
Just an idea of mine. The gang sergeant
told me you were thick with him at first.
Oh, well, let’s forget it. I’m a civilian now.”

  The word civilian struck an echoing
chord in Chaptel. If he attacked a civilian
he stood a fair chance of being sent to
Guiana, to Guiana where men escaped to
go to sea, or to settle down in New York.

  Bichet was a civilian. Quite a coinci-
dence. That night in the pit he had won-
dered how long it took a man to make a
spoon-knife, and he had been thinking of
Bichet.

  He looked keenly at Bichet’s pockets for
a possible bulge denoting a revolver. He
recalled that Marietti had carried one, and
Bichet was of the same breed. But the ex-
sergeant’s pockets were reassuringly flat.
And there was nothing to fear from his puny
physical strength. He picked out the spot,
on the low forehead, between the eyes,
where he would send his fist crashing. But
then a thought occurred—a beating with
fists would not be sufficient. It might be
called merely assault. He must wound the
man, to make it appear an attempt at
murder.

  He glanced about, leaving Bichet to
prattle on boastfully, narrating in detail
several clever deals put through in this very
village. There was, of course, the wine bot-
tle, which would make a passable weapon.
But it failed on two points. In one case,
it might simply raise a bump on Bichet’s
head if the skull proved thick, or again
crack that skull wide open.

  Chaptel desired neither the firing squad
nor the guillotine, and Bichet’s death would
mean one of the two. Strangling offered
the same risk; too tight a squeeze and the
former sergeant might pass out. A weak
grip, and only finger marks.

  Messaoud, after a grinning recognition
of Bichet, had turned his back and was talk-
ing with the inn-keeper. His bayonet hilt
protruded and was within easy reach. A
swift lunge, the blade once in his hand, a
thrust through the shoulder. But Mes-
saoud was wiry, quick as a cat, and would
prevent the appropriation of a weapon for
which he was responsible. Then a better
idea occurred to Chaptel.

  “Pst—pst—Messaoud! Will you hand

me that knife I was looking at? I want to
show it to Monsieur Bichet who buys such
things.”

  Messaoud had been turning the knife
over and over in his hand, scraping his palm
on the keen edge. Without looking around,
he offered the weapon, and went on talk-
ing. Chaptel drew the blade from the sheath
and gave the latter to Bichet for inspection.

  “I’ll look at it,” Bichet agreed. “The old
man’ll probably want too much for it.”
He glanced at the weapon casually. Not
a bad piece of work, though. You see we
tell the value this way-”

  Chaptel took a secure hold on the hilt,
hesitated a last brief second. It must be
done—sometimes men escaped from Guiana.

  He struck.

  Bichet stared, and uttered a short grunt.
Not a loud grunt, for Messaoud did not
even turn around. Chaptel drew the blade
clear. Fearful that a second blow would
follow, Bichet rolled away with a swift
lurch to one side, shouting for help. His
left side was red.

  Messaoud faced about. Chaptel ex-
pected a blow from the Turco, or some at-
tempt at restraint. But the corporal
grinned, and buried his hands in his pockets.

  “No finish?” he asked.

  Calm now, Chaptel shook his head, and
threw the knife aside. Lespart had told
Messaoud that he had no control over his
prisoner for the day, and he would not in-
terfere. That was obedience.

  Chaptel suddenly recalled having prom-
ised good behavior. What a manner to re-
pay Lespart’s trust! But it was too late
now. Bichet was groaning with pain, star-
ing in utter amazement.

  “No finish? Then we go back now,”
Messaoud concluded.

  The innkeeper had picked up the knife,
wiped it clean, replaced it in the sheath.
Then only he thought of Bichet.

  “I go for toubib!” he declared, and wad-
dled out of the cafe into the sunlit street.

  Without another glance at Bichet, Chap-
tel followed Messaoud, and took the road
back to camp.

THE sinking sun spilled its red
glow on the wave crests. Flying
fish lifted and darted like a swarm
of gleaming arrows into the flank
of the combers. In the sky sea-gulls
twisted and spun, immensely free, intensely
Knaves of Spades

49

white. Nearly a month ago, Chaptel had
left Algiers, bound for Cayenne or Saint
Laurent du Maroni in French Guiana, the
penal colony of the French Republic.

  Looking out through the open port-hole,
Chaptel was happy, happier than he had
been in many months. Ahead—he thought
he could already smell it—was the land,
that land of abject misery, Guiana, which
to him was the land of hope, the land from
whic'h men escaped.

  Hold Number Five of the convict trans-
port Loire was neither comfortable nor
beautiful. But it was free from smells and
vermin. The ship’s doctor and the husky
guards enforced discipline and cleanliness.
Around this cage, in which more than a
hundred half-naked men huddled, ran metal
pipes, which would spout steam in case of
rebellion. Little wonder that disturbance
on the transport was unknown. No one
wished to be boiled alive.

  In the cage with Chaptel, the majority
of the men were assassins and among the
number, one or two celebrities. There was
Hulot, chief of a band of chauffeurs—heat-
ers—who had terrorized an entire section of
France. They would invade an isolated
farm, tie up the servants, and search for
money. If they could not find it they would
seize the master of the household, remove
his sabots and socks, and toast his feet over
a blaze. When Hulot and his gang were dis-
covered and surrounded by gendarmes and
half a company of infantry of the line sum-
moned for help, they had put up a spectacu-
lar fight. Somehow, their courage had ap-
pealed to the population, and influenced
by the general trend of sympathy, the Presi-
dent of the Republic had commuted their
death sentences to life imprisonment.

  Hulot, strong in the bloody prestige of
his past performances, swaggered insolently,
and accepted cigarets and candy from the
cabin passengers, who were unhealthily
curious and eager to touch the hand that
had killed. On his left arm, Chaptel had
seen the pip of spades, and had learned
from him that he was a former private in
the battalion and a former inmate of the
military penitentiary.

  There was also Bouciaux, a huge brute of
a man, muscular, pugnacious, yet jovial
and kind-hearted. He had killed a man and
a woman. Passionate crime, the newspapers
called it. Bouciaux was the victim of a too-
sudden rise to fame. Five years ago he had

been happy as a cooper, in the river port of
Lyons, singing at his work, keeping time
with the mallet. A visiting singer of con-
siderable fame had heard him, been at-
tracted by his voice. Three years later
Bouciaux was barytone in grand opera,
making more money in one evening than he
had formerly made in a year. Simple and
rough, he had become interested in a sec-
ond-class prima donna, who to his unsophis-
ticated eyes represented romance. Things
went well for a while.

  Then Bouciaux found that he had a rival.
The lady in question doubtless expected an
outburst of temperament, threats, perhaps
a slap. Bouciaux, doggedly serious, was
uncouth enough to strangle his rival, and
remove the prima donna from further par-
ticipation in opera or any other life. Had
Bouciaux possessed a glib 'tongue and a
handsome face, he would have been ac-
quitted with a tearful apology from an ad-
miring jury. But he expressed himself like
a dock laborer. Net result—life, at hard
labor.

  Bouciaux was the light and color of the
aggregation. He sang! In the stuffy hold,
his voice may not have possessed the rich
tones once poured forth in a theater, but
his choice of ballads appealed to his partic-
ular audience. He had thrown out of his
repertoire the stately operatic selections,
and had gone back to popular compositions.

       “J’aimerais mieux croire au diable.

Tirer sur sa queue inusable-”

        “I’d sooner believe in the devil
        And pull his everlasting tail.”

  The men were of this opinion. Satan
was their patron. Bouciaux, naked to the
waist, a thatch of hair spreading like a mat
over his chest, boomed similar songs in the
semi-darkness.

  These men were not much different from
the men Chaptel had known in the hills,
save that the age average was higher. With
his mere attempt at murder on the person
of ex-Sergeant Bichet, Chaptel could not
hope to take his place among the aristocracy
of this circle. He was an obscure member,
although esteemed by Hulot as a Knave of
Spades.

  Hulot was of medium height, and not
powerfully built. But he was as quick as a
panther. In action he was a strange mix-
ture of feline and reptile. There was some-
thing cold-blooded, terrifying, in his ways.
50

Adventure

How much of this was real, how much pre-
tense, Chaptel could not say. But the fact
remained, with the exception of Bouciaux,
all the men feared him, even the massive,
red-necked guard, whose blue cap appeared
at regular intervals, accompanied by a
jangle of steel.

  This guard was in charge of all of the pris-
oners, and had several uniformed men
under his orders. To Chaptel’s surprize he
was almost courteous in speech, and during
the entire trip did not once use violence. A
heavy service revolver bumped on his right
hip, in a holster slung over the left shoulder.
He was at once firm and gentle. When he
had occasion to pass Chaptel, he softly
urged him aside with open palm, instead of
punching and kicking as the camp ser-
geants would have done.

  Chaptel soon noticed that he avoided
speaking to Hulot. When he was com-
pelled to through the exigencies of his duty,
he did so in an impersonal tone. The guard
had his wife and a six-year-old son on board.
The wife Chaptel never saw, although the
youngster often came down for a few min-
utes, and stared at the convicts fearfully.
Once Chaptel heard him speak to a sailor—
“One of those men is going to kill my
papa.”

  “Nonsense! Why should they? Your
papa watches them because it’s his duty.
Why should they want to kill him?”

  The boy stamped his foot impatiently.
“My papa says that he knows one of
them will kill him! He says that there are
bad men there.”

  The sailor laughed.

  “Get back on deck if you’re frightened,
kid.”

  Chaptel heard a low chuckle at his side.
He turned to face a wrinkled old convict
whose clipped hair showed white.

  “The guard has the wind-up—he’s lost
his nerve,” he said. “I knew him years ago,
before that kid was born, and he was a
hard nut then. Feared nothing. I guess
getting married got his nerves frayed. He
won’t last long. Once they get scared, they
either get killed or die in a few months from
worry. I had been wondering why he was
so polite. I served eight years under him,
in a camp in the bush. Wood cutting.”
“You’ve been in Guiana before then?”
“Nine years. Escaped five years ago,
roamed all over. Finally I got homesick for
the old village, and sneaked in. Some one

saw me, recognized me and I was re-arrested
at the dinner my sister had cooked to cele-
brate my home coming. But don’t worry.
I won’t be here long. I know the ropes.”

  “How did you manage it?” Chaptel
asked.

  “Easy enough, when I succeeded. I had
tried twice. Once by sea, trying to make
a Brazilian sail-boat. The guards over-
hauled me and pulled me out just in time
to save me from the sharks. The second
time I tried to make it by land, intended
to cross the Maroni into Dutch Guiana. I
starved for two weeks, then gave myself up.
For that, I pulled down thirty two months
altogether, in the Isle of Silence.”

  “What’s that?”

  “One of the Salvation Islands, where the
tough eggs get sent. There are three of
them: Royale, Saint-Joseph and Devil’s
Island. On Royale, they put those who try
to escape a first time, or those who commit
murder while in Guiana. Saint-Joseph,
which is called the Isle of Silence, is for the
fellows who can’t learn a lesson. On second
offense, you’re sent there. All the time
you’re there you’re not allowed to talk, no
one talks to you. If the keepers have any-
thing to let you know, they use gestures or
a written slip. You think it isn’t hard?
Most men go crazy under that system. I
was two years learning to talk, after I left.
You can’t imagine what a man goes through
day after day, without hearing a human
voice. Once in a while some fellow breaks
down and screams. Then he is punished
and his term extended. It may be legal,
but it’s torture just the same. Worse than
the old business of pouring melted lead into
a man’s eyes.”

  “You finally got away, though.”

  “It was this way. From the Isle of Si-
lence, I was sent back to Cayenne on the
mainland. But they had already more con-
victs than they could accommodate. I was
scheduled to go back on to the island with
fifteen others in a small schooner piloted
by an old man named Pierre, who had been
doing just that business for years. Two
soldiers, niggers from Martinique, were to
watch us. But the sixteen of us were des-
perate. All toughs. Without planning
anything, we understood each other.

  “One night, we jumped the niggers, got
their guns away. We tied up old man
Pierre and the four men in his crew. There
was one of us who had been a sailor before,
Knaves of Spades

5i

a quarter-master, and he sure knew all
about sails. He turned right around and
started for Brazil. In a few days we made
Belem. We kept Pierre, his crew, and the
niggers, below deck, while we sold the cargo
for whatever it would bring. Then we
scooted ashore.

  “Pierre complained to the Brazilian au-
thorities. But, I don’t know why, Brazil
don’t put our kind out, won’t give us up.
In Belem, I bet you you could count five
hundred men who have got away from
Guiana. They call themselves “Brothers
of the Coast,” and live on what they can
pick up, because they landed without
money.

  “We had money, from the sale of the
cargo. We scattered. I saw the sailor once
after that, three years after. He was in
Chili. He had a coasting steamer all of his
own and took drinks with the port officials!

I was a-fool and blew my money, and I

got homesick. And here I am. I bet I get
three years Silence. But after that, good-
by! And next time, I won’t go home.”
“You’ll chance it again.”

  “Yes, I have a little money hidden away,
though not as much as I should have. If
you have money, you can escape easy.”

  The conversation dropped.

  And Chaptel was hopeful.

HE recalled now his last inter-
view with his parents. They had
come to Algiers to see him before
j his departure for South America.
He had found his mother aged twenty years
in appearance, a white, puffy face, with
tearful eyes. Dressed in black, she seemed
to be in mourning for him. His father, in
black frock-coat, very solemn, had been al-
most as pathetic. He bit his mustache and
large tears streaked his cheeks and nose,
although he made his voice rough and en-
couraging.

  Chaptel dully submitted to his mother’s
embraces, answered mechanically. Why
had he struck Bichet? She wouldn’t under-
stand. How long had he to serve in Gui-
ana? Eight years. After? Well, he might
have to come back and serve a prison term
in Algeria equal to his original condemna-
tion while in the battalion. After? He
would have to serve the balance of twenty
months still due to the army. In total,
about thirteen years.

  She would be dead before that? Non-

sense, he declared. Many women live to be
sixty. But she could not be consoled, and
begged the helpless guard to do something
to shorten her son’s stay in penal institu-
tions. Before the time of the visit was up,
she fainted. The guard rushed out for
water.

  “I hope you’ve had your lesson,” said
Chaptel Senior. “Look here, I have a few
thousand francs left. If they can ever help
you—let me know. Sacred Thunder! I
wish you could have employed them in a

different way—but life is life---”

  “Listen, father,” Chaptel had said. “I
don’t intend to stay in Guiana. I’ll escape.
I’ll go to some foreign country. You and
mother can join me there.”

  His father had nodded in agreement,
blown his nose vigorously. More heart-
rending minutes, and Chaptel was at last
alone. He had wished that they had re-
frained from this last visit. The sight of
his mother discouraged him, made him re-
gret that he had not taken the braver
course. Would not his mother have pre-
fered him dead than think of him suffering
in a strange land?

   The injustice of fate made him want to
scream, to shout his denunciation of the
order of things. In punishing him, two in-
nocent people were punished, two hard-
working, honest persons. But Bouciaux’s
family, Hulot’s, the relatives of the old man
who had escaped, all suffered. Life was
life, and a bitter life.

  He thought of Lespart. White-faced,
Lespart had reproached him with his lack
of honor, and had declared himself through,
not only with Chaptel, but with all punish-
ment camps. The lieutenant had not spared
cutting words. He said he fully realized
why men in charge of camps became like
Bichet. A few examples of ingratitude and
one never felt like trusting any man again.
Chaptel knew that all his later troubles had
arisen from his defense of Lespart, but his
Ups were sealed.

   He was aroused from his gloomy thoughts
by Hulot, who came to his side.

   “Blue?” he asked.

   “Yes. I keep rolling things over and over
in my head, and I feel as I was going to
burst in two. I have eight years to serve
out there.”

   “Eight years? Sixteen, you mean.”

   “I was condemned to eight years, that’s
all.”
52

Adventure

  “You poor fool,” grunted Hulot. “Didn’t
you ever hear about the doublage? Men
condemned to hard labor are supposed to
serve a length of time equal to that of their
sentence, as free men, colonists, to build up
the colony. If you servd five years hard
labor, when you get through you can’t
leave Guiana for another five years. Eight
—you stay eight years. Eight and eight
are sixteen.”

  “You’re kidding me.”

  “No. My lawyer—I had a good law-
yer—” Hulot gave a world famous name—•
“told me so. It’s called the law of May
30th, 1854. The double system was used by
the English to colonize Australia. They
succeeded, because the climate was good.
This republic imitates them, but Guiana
isn’t Australia. The double is the hardest
part. The government stops feeding you
and you have to hunt your own grub.
Thank God, I drew a life sentence. With
me, [it means either escape, or assured
living.”

  Chaptel dug his nails into his palms.

  “I won’t stand for it, I won’t!”

 “-!” swore Hulot. “It might be

worse. Suppose you had nine years instead
of eight?”

  Shakily, Chaptel sought the veteran
from Guiana. He hoped that Hulot was
not serious. But it was a vain hope. Then
something seemed to break within him. He
sank into a heap in a corner, sobbing. The
others stared at him, puzzled. After a
while, Chaptel got up, glaring into space.
“I’m going,” he said.

  “He’s off his head!” Bouciaux an-
nounced.

  Headlong, Chaptel made for the iron
door, pushing men out of his way roughly.
They glanced at his face and feared to bar
his progress. He grasped the iron bars and
screamed:

  “Let me out! Let me out!”

  No one answered. He battered his hands
against the steel. His fingers were cut and
bleeding. He fought against that inert
metal, his frenzy growing. Sixteen years!
His cries attracted attention.

  The head guard appeared, hand on his re-
volver.

  “Stop that racket, will you? People will
think I’m murdering you down there.”

  “I want to get out—I want to get out!”
Chaptel pleaded.

  “You can’t,” the guard replied. Then he

added. “Tonight I’ll let you get on deck,
if you want some air. But stop shouting!”

  “Out! Out! I want to go home.”

  The head guard summoned his assistants.
They opened the door and halted Chaptel’s
savage rush. They were seven against one,
yet the prisoner bore them to and fro for sev-
eral seconds, before they could bring him
down and lace him into a straight jacket.

  “It’s begun,” said the head guard, know-
ing that one such outburst would precipi-
tate others.

  He was right. For several hours, the men
were screaming and fighting. The sight of
the hysterical Chaptel had snapped the over-
taut nerves.

  At last, worn out, the guards were able to
rest.

  “I wonder what started that first man?”
the chief asked.

  Hulot laughed.

  “I told him about the doublage,” he said.

One of the guards, a resolute young man,
under thirty, faced the notorious criminal.

  “He isn’t as hard as you are, Hulot. It’s
enough to make any man go crazy to mix
with your kind.”

  “There’s one thing worse than an assas-
sin,” Hulot said, “and that’s a man who’s
too lazy to work and too cowardly to steal,
and makes his money watching us.”

  Diplomatically, the head guard ended the
controversy.

  “We’re all men. We make our mistakes.
You boys be quiet and I’ll give you wine.”

CHAPTEL’S rebellion was of
short duration. The head guard
accepted his promise and released
him. Exhausted from his out-
burst, he slept like a beast that night.

  When he awoke, the Loire was rolling
deep, and the engines had stopped. He
went to the port-hole and glanced out at the
land which might be his home for sixteen
years, or if events took the usual trend, his
grave. He could not see much, long lines of
palm trees rising from the shores of little in-
lets, jagged, black rocks emerging from the
blue water. He was reminded of story-
book descriptions of deserted islands. That
was his sole impression.

  The veteran convict was at his elbow.

  “Saint-Laurent?” Chaptel asked.

  “No, Cayenne. I hear there’s yellow
fever in Saint-Laurent. We’ll be landed
here.”
Knaves of Spades

53

  “Why don’t we pull into port?”

  “The mud’s too thick in the harbor. We’ll
be taken ashore in small boats. See—”
he indicated a fleet of boats rounding a point
of land—“there they come.”

  French Guiana has at call ten to fifteen
thousand pairs of arms, those arms belong-
ing to men who, so the law states, are to be
employed at the hardest forms of labor.
Yet, Guiana possesses but a few miles of road,
only seventeen miles of rail and lacks even a
passable harbor, while the grass grows tall
in the main streets of the town. The con-
victs work, of course, but not at anything
useful. They sweat and die in the bush,
cutting wood. Those who manage to live
cut more wood. And that’s all.

  “Nice place!” Chaptel pronounced.

  “The cess-pool of France,” replied the
other, who knew.

  The boats were bumping against the sides
of the Loire, each manned by six convicts
and a guard, with the inevitable revolver
slung in a black leather holster from the
shoulder. Chaptel noticed that these guards
wore medals. Everywhere that he had gone
he had found that keepers wore medals.

  He glanced with interest at the convicts,
his future comrades. Torsos bare, feet bare,
legs clad in tattered trousers, faces shaded by
immense straw hats, they seemed little like
Europeans, rather members of some primi-
tive white race. Tattoo marks strength-
ened this impression, until one was able to
decipher the inscriptions. Many of the
boatmen had words on their faces that
would prevent them from moving about in
a civilized community.

  Among the half score men within his
range of vision, Chaptel made out three
Knaves of Spades. He wondered why the
men in charge never thought of associating
the mark so often met with as that of a se-
cret organization. And yet the pip of spades,
hidden in the crook of the left arm was not
easily seen, dwarfed in importance by the
larger, more striking drawings adorning
chests, biceps and backs.

  “Eh, Rat’s Tail!” called the veteran:
“Back again!” He thrust his wrinkled
face out of the port-hole. “How have you
been?”

  “Still alive,” the other replied. “So you
got caught, did you?”

  “No,” replied the old man with deep sar-
casm, “I came back for a visit!” Then he
mentioned several names. “How are they?”

  Four were dead. Two from sickness.
One shot trying to escape. • The fourth
guillotined. Two were serving time on the
Isle of Silence. Five were cutting w&od up
bush. One had escaped—one out of twelve.

  The head-guard, he who feared the pris-
oners, came down, unlocked the iron grill.

  “Take your bundles. Pass before me one
by one. Go up on deck.”

  He had his hand on the butt of his revol-
ver and bit his mustache savagely. >Hulot
swung his pack on his shoulders and led the
way. Bouciaux was next. Chaptel had to
wait his turn. In this, as in all things, a
fashion of hierarchy had been instituted
among the prisoners.

  Chaptel hoisted himself up the compan-
ionway, ever under the watchful eyes of the
guards, strung out at strategical positions.
He stumbled upon the deck, which felt very
hot to his sandaled feet. Although the sun
was not as brilliant as in Algeria, the heat
was more intense. Chaptel was undergoing
the first “feel” of the tropics. He descend-
ed the ship’s ladder into an open boat, took
his seat in the stern. Without realizing, he
leaned against the knee of the guard, and
received a hearty kick in the small of his
back as a warning. The craft gradually
filled up. Neither Hulot nor the old man
were with Chaptel. And he felt very alone.

  “Nagel” called the guard, when the boat
was full.

  The men at th£ oars pushed away from
the Loire, swung their blades outboard, and
leaned back.

  “A little pep!” barked the guard. Ryth-
mically, the backs bent and straightened,
bent and straightened. The boat gathered
speed.

  Then came a sharp report.

  “The first one!” said one of the oarsmen,
with a laugh.

  A prisoner, unwilling to land in Guiana,
had dived overboard and been shot. Evi-
dently the guards were instructed to pre-
vent even attempt at escape, and were held
responsible for the deaths, for the guard
near Chaptel spoke up:

  “Won’t be any shooting here. First guy
to make a move gets knocked on the head
and then goes to Saint-Joseph for a spell.”

  Few would risk the Isle of Silence.

  The boat rounded the last tongue of palm-
fringed land, and Cayenne was in sight.
Nothing extraordinary.

  A huddle of gray and yellow houses,
54

Adventure

topped by the slender shaft of a steeple—
worship exists even in Guiana—and the
crest of palm trees. Palm trees, which
Chaptel had ever associated with a life of
romance and ease, and which now domi-
nated his gloomy existence.

  They landed, and formed in fours like
troops, swung through the grass-grown
streets of Cayenne toward the penitentiary
structures, located some distance away from
the town. The intervals between buildings
were spacious, the aggregation well laid out,
and with a little effort could have been made
charming. But effort is hard to supply in
the humid heat.

  Chaptel was struck by the number of
breeds, ranging from dusky mulattoes to al-
most white octoroons. These had no curi-
osity concerning the newcomers. Convicts
were a familiar sight. Even the children
shouted their derision perfunctorily.

  At the barracks the new arrivals were
given food and drink, and then were as-
signed to their quarters. Against the re-
cent recruits, precautions were taken. The
guards had learned, long ago, that the first
night in Guiana was the most to be feared.
The men still retained a degree of courage
and determination, had not yet sunk into
tropical apathy. Later, the watch over
those who had proved to be “good subjects”
would be relaxed. But this first night every
one must be ironed.

  So Chaptel lay down on the sloping plank
that served as bed, his ankles locked within
circles of steel.

THE dull thud of machetes and
axes resounded. The flies buzzed
and swarmed on perspiring backs.
A group of sunburned skeletons,
skin and bones, bent and rose, the majority
completely naked. A few, from habit
rather than decency, still showed a pair of
ragged trousers. The guard alone was com-
pletely dressed, too completely for the taste
of the prisoners; he carried carbine and
revolver.

  The convicts of the French Republic were
cutting brush from the path of the road that
was to link Cayenne and Saint-Laurent du
Maroni. The road was planned in the time
of Napoleon III. Now, two fifths of a cen-
tury later, it had progressed fifteen miles.
The famed weaving of Penelope was a swift-
ly completed task compared with that road.

  For eighteen months, Chaptel had been

in Guiana. Fourteen of these he had spent
on the road. The camp in the hills of Al-
geria had not been a rest cure. The Guiana
road was a hundred times worse. Nothing
much to eat. Bad water—who cares about
the sanitary conditions of a convict’s water?
The South American tropics are a well-
known fever hole. So the convicts had
fever. More than half were constantly
shaking. The guard himself had fever oc-
casionally. A sick guard develops a grouch.
A man with a high temperature is quick
with a revolver, or a carbine or a club.

  Chaptel had been beaten. He had been
shot in the leg once. The guard, sick or
drunk, had seen him stray several feet out
of the way and suspected him, or pretended
to suspect him, pf trying to escape, and had
discharged his pistol into his thigh. A
dirty handkerchief on the wound and Chap-
tel had gone on working.

  He was younger than the others, perhaps
of stronger constitution. He had resisted
fever, save for one or two attacks, not con-
sidered sufficiently severe to permit him to
stop work. Neither was he the prey of
other common diseases. His stomach was
sound. His belly did not droop from his body
in that oval shaped sack nicknamed by the
French “colonial egg,” which is caused by
minute worms swarming in a man’s bowels.
Physically, although gaunt and weary, he
was sound. Mentally, he was but half a
man. The rest was brute, a brute that
grunted at the sight of food, drooled at the
sight of water and raved at the chance of a
drink of strong liquor.

  When he thought of the camp in Algeria,
he was overcome with loneliness. Of his
previous life, he had very little recollection.
It seemed to him that he had always been in
prison. At first he had availed himself of
his membership in the Knaves of Spades.
But the great hold of the Knaves had been
the fear of death.

  Here, on the road, that fear did not exist.
A knife thrust was considered a mercy.
Very often, men took matters in their own
hands, and were found hanged. One had
even choked himself with his fingers, a mon-
strous evidence of a desire for death that
stilled the last vestige of self-preservation.
Several had tried to force the guard to give
them a pass to a better world, by bolting for
the bush. But the guard wounded them in
the legs. Guiana was one land where spar-
ing a man’s life was not considered a mercy.
Knaves of Spades

55

  Chaptel often laughed loudly, at night, in
the bamboo hut. That was when he recalled
the time he had desired to come to Cayenne.
But many men laughed as he did for one
reason or another, so no one paid attention.
Sometimes a wind of revolt would blow over
the huts; the death of a guard, then a try at
escape in a body. But it fell through, al-
ways. These men had not been able to
agree with the world. No more could they
agree with each other.

  Hulot was dead. In an attempt to escape
from the bush settlement where he was de-
tained, he had killed a guard, the head
guard of the Loire, he who had foreseen his
end at the hand of a convict. Hulot had
been tried and condemned to the guillotine.
Chaptel had heard the gruesome story of
that execution. The executioner was a con-
vict, and half-mad. He took excessive pride
in his bloody calling. Often, in the last
struggle before the heavy blade falls, the
victim pulls his head out of position, and the
edge strikes the base of the skull, thereby
causing what the executioner termed a
"messy job,” and moreover, nicking the
blade. To forestall this, the Guiana execu-
tioner had invented a simple device. He
attached a pound of lead to the guillotine,
which would drop upon the skull a fifth of
a second before the blade was released.
Stunned, the man relaxed, and the edge
found no other obstacle than the spinal
column.

  Hulot, more vigorous than others, had
twisted himself half around from the sloping
plank. The lead weight had stunned him
in that position, and the blade in its course,
had severed his head obliquely, cutting off
part of the chin. Ashamed of himself for
what he called his dishonor, the execution-
er had taken the hundred francs paid him
for each execution, and had kept drunk for
two weeks.

  Bouciaux had a more glorious finish.

  His southern imagination had overcome
the apathy of the climate and he had tried a
first escape. For days, he had roamed the
bush, on the banks of the Maroni River, try-
ing to obtain ferriage across to Dutch Gui-
ana. But he had no money. Neither ne-
groes, Indians, nor liberated convicts were
willing to help him out free of charge.
Caught, he had been sent to the Isle of Si-
lence. Bouciaux, the songbird, and silence,
that could not exist. He sang, as he had al-
ways sung. He was punished, saw his term

lengthen to thousands of days in a lonely
cell, without light. He decided to get out,
if only to go to the guillotine, and dislocated
a guard’s shoulder. The guard and two of
his kind had beaten him into insensibility.
Beaten him so severely that he was taken
to the hospital. Three days after, a coffin
was missing, one of the few on the Island:
For there a coffin can be used an unlimited
number of times. The coffin is opened on
one side, the corpse deposited, and then
taken a few hundred feet from the shore,
and dumped into the sea. The sharks do
the rest.

  So, Bouciaux had stolen a coffin, and in
this crude and sinister craft, had struck out
for another shore. A launch sent after him
had soon overhauled him. The singer stood
up, waved a mocking farewell, and leaped
into the water. The sharks, perhaps be-
cause they were not accustomed to see their
human food in action, had spared him long.
And Bouciaux had evaded the launch, in
which men were making frantic efforts to
save him for the living death of the cell. At
last a shark had done his duty, and Bou-
ciaux and his voice were gone forever.

  Chaptel wondered, when his brain could
wonder at anything but his immense misery,
how many of the men who had come with
him on the Loire would ever see France
again. To think himself one of the excep-
tions was not sane. Yet, where there is no
sane hope, a man will cling to a mad hope.

  In vain, Chaptel had tried to obtain as-
signment as a house servant to some white
man either in Cayenne or Saint-Lau-
rent. There were fortunate convicts who
served their period of punishment in this
manner. He had written to the governor,
to the inspector of the penitentiary, grovel-
ing, pleading letters. But here again, he
found that he lacked distinction. He was
not an assassin, not even a murderer. He
was nobody, save a number in the thirty
thousands, 33,456, to be accurate. There is
a coquetry among employers of convict ser-
vants in Guiana. They like to say to their
invited guests:

  “My servant is so-and-so, of the famous
murder case. Look how docile he is with
me!”

  So he was cutting shrubs, while the man
who had poisoned his wife and children went
forth to a more alluring life. One was roll-
ing pills in the hospital. Another distin-
guished prisoner was teaching school. A
56

Adventure

third was serving his term de luxe, as butler
in a house in town. He had friends in the
legislative chambers, who saw to it that he
was not harshly dealt with. Liberty, equal-
ity, fraternity! Vain words in Guiana—as
elsewhere.

  “Eh, there, Calf’s Head!” shouted the
guard. “Do you want me to wake you up?”
Magre, the guard, who did not lack a
sense of humor, had branded his charges
with nicknames. It is doubtful if his humor
would have lasted had he known that the
prisoners called him “Black Monkey.”
Chaptel straightened wearily, lifted his
ax. The roots in the ground were thick
and strong, and it took many blows to slice
them into fragments. And Chaptel often cut
his feet. That did not matter greatly; his feet
were not things of beauty. The “jiggers”
had bored under his toe nails. He had
scratched his soles on spines. The sores had
festered, and not treated carefully, lasted
long. Walking was much like stepping on a
pin cushion with the points wrong side out.
Part of the day, and all the night, the mos-
quitoes were busy. There were venomous
spiders in the bush. Also small snakes with
nasty bites. The guard, who wore boots,
stayed in the open, and ordered his men to
go ahead.

  “Calf’s Head, do you absolutely wish me
to help you with my foot in a place where it
will do the most good!”

  “No, Chief.”

  “Work harder, then.”

iiflMT' THE ax rose and fell. Eighteen
■jfjjyk months. A strong man could
JOpfjB last three years, some lasted five.

        But never eight. And if he
served his eight years hard labor, he would
have to remain eight more, earning his living
as best he could, one man among the thou-
sands waiting for the half dozen jobs avail-
able. No wonder the man serving doublage,
tired of being hungry, committed another
crime to get back into hard labor where at
least a small amount of food was assured.
The day progressed, the sun grew hotter.
The rainy season in Guiana is long, six to
eight months. And during the rest of the
year there are occasional storms. The
ground is always sodden. Hence the steam-
like air and the mosquitoes. Blazing sun on
swampy soil part of the day. Then drizzling
rain, pouring rain, flooding rain. One day
follows the preceding, to give place to an-

other. No let up, no rest. The guards go
to France on leave, every two or three years.
They are given a rest in town, every few
weeks. The convicts live on and on with-
out change. Live and then die, die on a day
like all the others.

  “Enough for today,” suddenly pro-
nounced Magre, who was finding it too hot
even though he did not have to labor.

  He herded the men back into the huts.

  Chaptel lay down, like the others. The
hut smelled. There were mosquitoes vi-
brating in the convenient obscurity. But
there was no work. It has been said that
the relief from pain is happiness. Chaptel
was not tortured as much in the hut as in
the bush, so it might be said that he was
happy.

  All about, the fever-stricken men chattered
their teeth, like rattles. Some were past the
first stage, and delirious. They were allowed
to howl as they pleased, to do what their de-
mented minds willed them as long as they
did not threaten violence. Being sick, they
were entitled to quinin. But the guard
was sensitive to bad odors and loathsome
sights, and did not bother with the formality
which would bring him into the hut. One
got well without quinin, or one did not. It
was all the same to him.

  Two men had found the courage to con-
verse.

  “What did you do to come here?” 19

  Then followed a lengthy tale of blood.
How much was real, how much was imagina-
tion, no one could say. The speaker him-
self probably did not know.

  Chaptel laughed. The others thought he
had fever. What had he done to come here?
Been a fool, a young fool, that was all. Lis-
tened to older men talk, then imitated them.
After? He had been slightly drunk, and
got mixed up with a bad affair through a
man named Duval. After? He had risked
his life to save a man who had befriended
him. And then? To save his own life, he
had wounded, lightly, a man who deserved
death. That was all.

  Time after time, he had resumed his brief
story. Unbalanced or not, he believed that
he had not done enough to deserve what he
was undergoing. Those others, perhaps,
who had killed, looted, deserved a hun-
dredth part of what they endured. And
even their victims would have forgiven them
if they could have seen the punishment.

  The main idea was to prevent reoccurrence
Knaves of Spades

57

of the crime. So the laws said. But the
world was hypocritical, and in reality took
revenge, enjoyed the tortures it inflicted on
the misfits, the half lunatics, those who re-
belled against ordained custom and took the
law into their own hands. A man stole a
million; he was lightly punished, or acquit-
ted with a near apology. Another stole a
few francs; he was imprisoned in hell.
Why? Because one was educated, or intel-
ligent enough to do the thing bloodlessly,
while the other was primitive, and reacted
with less hypocrisy to his desire for gain.

   Crime was eternal. Such crimes as his,
Chaptel’s, would never end. Because a
man would always be foolish when young,
always be loyal to friends, false though they
might prove, and would always fear
death.

   The man next to him begged for tobacco.
Chaptel had never learned to refuse. He
fumbled beneath the rags which served as a
blanket, and found a package of cigarets.

  "Here,” he said. “Have you a match?
No—just a minute.”

   He produced a bottle, half filled with
matches. Against the rules to smoke in
the huts. Or to have matches. But every
man was willing to risk a beating from the
guard for the sake of tobacco.

   Chaptel scratched the match, then, tempt-
ed by the first whiff of smoke, lighted a
cigaret for himself.

   “I just arrived this afternoon, and have
no pal here. Didn’t expect you’d give me
anything, but tried it just the same.” Then
he looked closer. “Weren’t you a friend of
Hulot’s?”

  “Yes.”

“I place you now. You’re the kid that
threw the fit when he learned about the
doublage. What do you think of that! I
was the guy that told you aboutmy escapes.”
“The old man!”

  “The old man.”

   Inarticulately, Chaptel gropedout for his
hand. He thought he saw a ray of light.
The old man—who knew about the ways of
escape—who had told him that if o^ie had
money one could escape.

   “They only gave me a year and a half in
the Isle of Silence,” the other went on, “Be-
cause they said I hadn’t done anything bad
while I was out. It pays to be good, don’t
it? What’s your name?”

   “Calf’s Head,” Chaptel said mechanically
   “I mean your real name. I couldn’t call

a fellow who gave me a smoke ‘Calf’s
Head’!”

  “Chaptel.”

  ‘ ‘ Chaptel—Chaptel-’ ’

  “I thought you’d be out before now.”

  “I had no chance.”

  “You could fix Magre up—he’s out for
the cash.”

  “Magre. You sure?”

  “Just lately I heard about him,” the old
man went on. “There’s a fellow in America
now who got away through him, and many
others that I don’t know about.”

  “He’ll get me out of here for money?”
“Surest thing you know. He’s square
that way, he is. He fixes it up so that no
one will go after you for a while.”

  Chaptel, at first wildly hopeful, grew des-
pondent.

  “But I can’t get much money. My old
man has it, in France. He told me I could
have—-all I wanted—but the authorities
don’t let much money through at a time.”
“Don’t fret. Magre will attend to it. I
think he has a pal in France who collects in
advance.”

  “And it’s almost a sure thing?”

  “If you have two thousand francs, sonny,
you may be smoking a cigar in Buenos Aires
inside of three or four months. You can get
away from here, I know that, through Magre.
The rest won’t be so easy. But it won’t be
any harder than here.”

  Again Chaptel reached out and grasped
the old man’s hand.

  “Thanks,” he whispered.

  “You gave me tobacco. So I put you on.
One favor claims a return,” the old man said

         FEAR of Magre vanished with
JyJvijF the knowledge that he could be
|K bribed. But he must use caution
Isa/ jn approaching him, else less for-
tunate members of the convict group might
overhear and report Magre to the inspector.
Private conversation with the guard in the
ordinary course of work was impossible.
Magre never came close to the men, no
nearer than was absolutely necessary for a
kick. Not only were his sensitive nostrils
offended by the odor of unwashed humanity,
but the convicts were armed with sharp
weapons, and there were among them a fair
proportion who would not hesitate to bury
an ax between the uniformed man’s shoul-
der blades.

  The first thing to accomplish, therefore,
58

Adventure

was a chance to speak a few words to the
guard. And so on the next afternoon, Chap-
tel misdirected an ax blow, and opened a
neat gash across his right anlde. The blood
flowed. To sink to the ground groaning in
pain was the next move.

  Magre loosened his revolver from the hol-
ster, waved the other men away from Chap-
tel, and drew near.

  “Another cut, Calf’s Head. Your mother
should have married a wood-cutter. He’d
have taught you to use an ax!”

  “It hurts—moaned Chaptel. “It hurts!’
Then swiftly, in a lower voice—

  “Chief, you’re interested in money, aren’t
you?”

  Magre’s expression did not change. He
brought up a tender hand to smooth his
mustache.

  “You’re not hurt bad enough to quit
work. Come around to my tent for iodin
tonight.”

  Magre had understood. For it was not
the guard’s habit to show solicitude for a
minor injury.

  Chaptel begged a rag from a comrade,
chewed a few leaves into a pulp, which he
applied to the cut. A tight bandage, and
the bleeding stopped. A cheap price to
pay for a private interview that might mean
liberty!

  After bolting his scanty ration of boiled
meat* Chaptel went to the guard’s hut.

   Magre was in his shirt sleeves, feet in slip-
pers. From the waist band on his trousers,
the butt of a service revolver jutted. Chap-
tell pushed the door shut with his heel, and
stood at attention.

  “There’s iodin on the table. Fix your
ankle,” suggested Magre.

  Chaptel opened the bottle and washed the
cut with the burning liquid. He wrapped
the wound in gauze, supplied by the guard.

  “You spoke about money,” Magre began.
“You want a favor. Is it a transfer to a soft
snap in Cayenne or Saint-Laurent, or the
big thing?”

  “The big thing.”

  “How much are you willing to pay?”
  “Five hundred francs.”

  “Nonsense,” grunted Magre. “That’s
less than it costs me. I won’t do this thing
at a loss.”

  “What’s the usual price?”

  “I risk my position as guard. I risk hav-
ing to join you boys! Four thousand francs
is the very least.”

  “All right. Four thousand francs.”
“Before we go any further I want to know
a thing or two. Are you resolute? Can you
stand hardships, the worst hardships a man
can endure?”

  “I can—you know that.”

  “Escape is not a bed of roses,” Magre
explained. “Particularly my way. If it
was only a question of getting you across
the Maroni into Dutch Guiana, that would
be different. But the Dutchmen are treach-
erous. Sometimes, when they need labor,
they accept all the escaped men from here.
When business slacks, they send them back.
I can’t afford to have any of my men sent
back. My way is sure. No one of the
fellows I helped was ever recaptured. Here’s
a list.” He drew a paper from the table
drawer before him. “Here are the men who
escaped from this place. I swear to you
that not one of the names marked ‘recap-
tured’ or ‘shot’ paid me a cent. They all
tried it on their own. Now you sit down
here and write a note to whoever has the
money. Mark the address plainly. Put in
enough personal details to assure the re-
ceiver of your identity: How many of your
father’s teeth are missing, the brand of
tobacco he prefers, what you did the day
before your tenth birthday. Understand?”
“Yes, chief.”

  “I have an associate in France who col-
lects. He’ll send me a letter when it’s done.
Then—I’ll see that you make your break.
By the way, you may have a friend who can
fork over the right amount. Take him with
you. It don’t cost much more for me to
get two out than one. Clear profit.”

  “I know some one.”

  “Fine. From this week on I’m going to
make you a trusted man. You’ll take tools
to be mended to Saint-Laurent, you’ll bear
letters and so on. That means that you’ll
be gone, days at a time, four, five, as long
as a week. People around here will get used
to your absences. So, when you really go,
I won’t have to report you for several days.
I can always say I had sent you on an
errand.”

  Days and days without being watched.
But Magre was something of a mind
reader.

  “Better not try and escape on your own,
my boy. The niggers between here and
Saint-Laurent are all out to collect reward
for bringing in escaped convicts. You have
no money to pay a canoe to take you across
Knaves of Spades

59

the Maroni, at least I don’t think you have.
You don’t want to give up the substance
for the shadow. In three months the an-
swer will be here. Then you can go with
an even chance.”

  “What guarantee have I that you’ll carry
out your bargain once the money’s in your
hands?”

  “The guys wanting to escape know my
name, and in some way learn the result of
my help. You heard, did you not? If I
once fail, good-by money. And I want
money. It’s not on the salary I get here
and the petty graft on the eats, that I’ll
make my pile. This escape game brings me
sometimes as high as thirty thousand francs
a year. I can’t run the chance of losing
out on that.”

  “That’s right,” Chaptel was compelled
to admit.

  “Now get out, or the night guard will be
here after you.”

  Chaptel, his hand on the door handle,
asked a last question—

  “If my father refuses, or can’t supply the
money, what then?”

  “Then?” Magre shrugged. “Did any one
ask you to bribe me? No. You started
things yourself. If the money is not forth-
coming, well, I’ll say you tried to escape.”
Magre touched the butt of his revolver
suggestively.

  Chaptel paled. His father, although he
had mentioned the few thousands, might
fall short of the amount. His credit in town
might not be very good with a son in
Guiana.

  “Some disappointed fellow might squeal,”
Magre explained. “That’s why I can’t
afford to take the chance. Now get out.
And good luck!”

WITH hope, Chaptel became
more cheerful, fAnd his new work,
that of messenger, was not as
tedious and back-breaking as the
road. He and Lavaud, the old man, had
also managed a private interview with
Magre, walked together along the grass-
grown trails. Convicts having this com-
parative liberty were not rare, and they
attracted no attention. In Saint-Laurent,
out of the small amount of money each re-
ceived from home, were purchased strong
shoes and clothing. The shirt must bear
a number stitched across the breast.

  Magre, for appearance sake, kicked Chap-

tel perfunctorily when he came within range
of his boot, in public. But they were al-
ready privileged characters. Lavaud, the
more experienced, warned Chaptel against
appearing too happy. Happiness was not
normal, and would cause suspicion.

   Months passed.

   Then one day, when they were on the way
 to Saint-Laurent, a stranger suddenly stood
 before them, framed by thick bushes.

   He was a large, sunburned fellow, with a
 good-looking face, and splendid teeth which
 he was manifestly glad to show in a smile.
 He was dressed in stout brown clothing,
 wore tall laced boots, and carried a sporting
 .rifle in the crook of his elbow. At first
 glance, Chaptel believed him to be white,
 then the liquid brilliancy of his eyes, his
 teeth, something in his voice, revealed the
 negro strain. When he removed his large
 straw hat, in a mockingly elaborate saluta-
 tion, Chaptel saw that his skull was covered
 with wool, a graying wool.

   “Messieurs Chaptel and Lavaud?”

   “Yes,” replied Chaptel, bewildered by the
 unfamiliar appellation and his family name.

   “I represent Chief Magre. Everything
is settled, and you’re to follow me.”

  “Follow you? Where?”

   “You’ll learn in proper time.”

  “You mean—escape?”

   “No less.”

   A quarteroon, Chaptel decided, one of the
 self-styled Cayenne “Creoles.” He spoke
 good French, save for an occasional lapse
 into the mulatto patois spoken on the coast.

   Chaptel and Lavaud were too astonished
 to move, but stared, mouths agape at this
 man who was to lead them into liberty.

  “My name is Yo-Yo,” the native de-
clared. “Behind me, in the bush, you’ll find
a bundle with clothes. There’s a double-
barreled 'shotgun for one of you. Quinin
in case of fever. Also a small ax and two
knives.”

   Chaptel was the first to make for the
thicket. There he found the bundle. They
found laced boots to fit their feet, and brown
clothing. Chaptel took the gun and slung
two bags of cartridges across his shoulders.
Lavaud contented himself with the other
supplies which included various articles of
culinary aspect.

  “Ready, Yo-Yo!” announced Chaptel,
ringingly.

   “Fine. Let’s get off this picada—trail—
 into a less public road. From today on,
6o

Adventure

we want no one to see us. Follow me.”
They swung in after him, left the road,
and were soon lost in the bushes. Yo-Yo
moved without sound. He was an expert
bushman, that could easily be perceived.
But he did not seem talkative. In fact,
offered no further remark that day. At
dusk they entered even thicker growth,
where immensely tall trees lifted above the
bushes. Monkeys barked in the distance.
“Matto bravo!” said the guide loconically.
“I know as much as I did before!” Chap-
tel said with a laugh.

  Gun in hand, in decent clothing, and at
the end of his imprisonment, he had re-
covered his gaiety with astonishing speed. .

  “Bad wood,” explained Yo-Yo. “But
for you, good wood.”

  He marched ahead steadily until dark-
ness fell, then found a clear spot, not too
damp, and spread two blankets, which he
carried slung army fashion around his torso.
He produced a bulky parcel.

  “Dried meat,” he said. “All for tonight.
We can’t shoot or light a fire so near traveled
roads. There’s water in the tin bottle. Try
to sleep as quick as you can.”

  And the first day of liberty drew to a
close.

  Yo-Yo was up with the sun, and went on
at the same tireless gait. He never asked
whether the two found it difficult to keep
up: This was not his first experience with
escaping men evidently, and he was aware
that no pace was too swift. The hours suc-
ceeded each other, surprizingly devoid of
incident. For two days the trio existed on
dried meat and water. Then Yo-Yo shot
monkeys and small animals which he called
pecas, a sort of rodent not unlike the hare.
He lighted small fires and roasted the meat.
When Chaptel or Lavaud tried to engage
him in conversation, he yawned and pre-
tended to sleep.

  After nine or ten days, Chaptel asked a
definite question.

  “Are we nearly out?”

  “No.”

  “How much longer will it take us?”
  “Three months—maybe four.”

  Chaptel gasped.

  “But it will be worth it,” Yo-Yo con-
cluded, and smiled and said nothing more.

  The next important remark was made
more than a week later. Chaptel noticed
that when the choice lay between two roads,
one hard and well defined, the other boggy

and overgrown, Yo-Yo invariably chose the
latter. He questioned him for his reason.

  “This is the dry season,” said Yo-Yo.
“If we keep to the dry roads we won’t find
many animals. No animals, no food. It’s
not knowing that gets fellows like you into
trouble when you go out without a guide.
I’ve seen escaping men starving, while I
lived on the fat of the land.”

  Chaptel injected a subtle flattery in his
voice.

  “I suppose you could go out with almost
no equipment and make your way in com-
fort. You seem to know these roads as
Peter knows Heaven!”

  Yo-Yo showed his teeth in a swift smile.
“Twenty-seven years I’ve roamed around
here.”

  “Just doing this, taking convicts out?
It’s a hard way to make a living, I should
think.”

  “You’ve got no reason to complain.
There’s gold ahead.”

  “Gold!” Lavaud exclaimed.

  And Chaptel could not repress a thrill
of excitement.

  “Yes. I have found it, too. But it is in
small amounts, in the river banks. I don’t
care for that. The soil here is much the
same as California and Australia, where
gold is found. There’s a rich strike to be
made somewhere, and I keep on looking.
But I need money for equipment, and to
live when I’m in Cayenne. I suggested this
scheme to Magre, and we’ve been running
it for seven years. He doesn’t pay me much;
fifteen hundred francs for this trip. But
I can get along on it well enough. After I’ve
got you out, I’ll retrace my steps and ex-
amine closer all the places that have looked
likely to me on the way. You’ve seen me
fool about with a pan, haven’t you?”
“Yes.”

  “I was sifting for gold.” Yo-Yo hesitated.
“I don’t know why I tell you all this. It’s
none of your business.”

  Lavaud signaled for Chaptel to lag be-
hind, and when Yo-Yo was at a safe dis-
tance, pointed out:

  “He thinks we’ll watch him and do him
yp if he makes a strike. You better talk
to him and say we won’t. You’ve got a
good tongue and can put him off his guard.
Then, if he finds it, well if the two of us had
plenty of gold, we’d be safe, even if we
walked back into Cayenne, cigars in our
beaks!”'
Knaves of Spades

61

“Will you shut up, you dirty old mur-
derer!” Chaptel invited.

 Lavaud laughed quietly to himself.

 FROM then on, Yo-Yo dropped
 his attitude of suspicion toward
 Chaptel, and talked freely.

 One day, unexpectedly, he
 asked to see Chaptel’s hand. After looking
 a long time at the palm, he came to a
 conclusion.

 “You’re not bad,” he said.

 Lavaud was forcibly out of this newly
 established intimacy, and resented it, al-
 though he tried to hide his feelings.

 “I don’t like that portion of a nigger,”
 he said.

 “Forget it!” Chaptel advised. “You’re
 getting out, aren’t you? If you’re going to
 get fussy about your associates at this
 time-”

 “He’s an outsider. We two are bagnards—
 convicts—and he isn’t.”

 “He’d soon be if he was caught helping
 us, if that’s any consolation.”

 “He’s doing it for money, not because he
 likes us.”

 “What did you kill for, before being sent
 here? Love?”

“No. But-”

 Chaptel soon tired of the endless, senile
 arguments and joined Yo-Yo. The guide
 would point out matters of interest in the
 woods, reveal what he knew of bush-lore.
 Once they were startled by the appearance
 of a jaguar. Yo-Yo picked up a dead
 branch and threw it at the big cat, which
 vanished in a spotted streak across the path.

 Shaking, Chaptel wiped his face with a
 sleeve.

 “Narrow escape,” he breathed.

 As for Lavaud, his power of speech was
 gone, and he gazed at Yo-Yo with intense
 admiration.

“Narrow escape,” Yo-Yo grunted.
“That’s what that tiger thinks. He was so
scared you could have gone up and pulled
his tail. As long as he wasn’t wounded, he
wouldn’t lift a claw against a man. There’s
nothing dangerous to man in the woods,
except insects.”

 “And snakes,” said Chaptel.

 “They’ll go, if you give them a chance.
 The worse things are the pecaris, and there’s
 always a tree handy. With a good rifle a
 man has nothing to fear.”

 Although it was important to save am-

 munition, Yo-Yo sacrificed a number of the
 precious cartridges to exhibit his prowess
 as a marksman. Then he taught Chaptel
 how to make a fire with dry sticks, how to
 cook a piece of meat in the open. The trip
 assumed the aspect of a personally con-
 ducted hunting expedition. Whole days
 were wasted while he learned to stalk a
 tapir. Yo-Yo and he made new soles for the
 worn-out boots with raw hides, made hats
 out of palm leaves.

  Old man Lavaud persisted in considering
himself and Chaptel bound together against
Yo-Yo. He darkly hinted that the quar-
teroon would not forever be the center of the
picture, and he, Lavaud, would take his
place as leader, for he was the most ancient.
His jealousy reminded Chaptel, in a maudlin
way, of Duval’s jealousy of Lespart. But
he had made a resolution that he was
through considering the opinion of his fellow
convict. Should matters reach a climax
and he be forced to choose between one of
the two, he would side with Yo-Yo.

  On second thought, Lavaud’s pretension
was ridiculous. No more than Chaptel did
he know, even within hundreds of miles,
where they were. Chaptel was not always
certain of general directions, such as north
and south. The trails taken by Yo-Yo
meandered in bewildering fashion. They
might be as near Brazil as Dutch Guiana.
And they were completely at Yo-Yo’s
mercy.

  If the guide suddenly decided never to
return from one of the numerous hunting
trips he took by himself to procure food
when game was scarce in the immediate
vicinity, Lavaud and Chaptel would die in
the forest. They could of course find a
stream, follow it to another, and so on until
they reached the coast. But they might be
unfortunate enough to return to the start-
ing point, and be imprisoned on the Isle of
Silence, with everything to be done over
again. Yo-Yo had also dropped several re-
marks concerning the presence of Nikey
Epidians, Indians who ate human flesh.
Once they had seen smoke rising from a
clearing, and the guide had circled the spot
with great caution.

  Yo-Yo was aware of Lavaud’s antago-
nism. Forced to face him at meal time, he
was compelled to take a definite attitude,
and picked that of amused tolerance. The
old man was querulous, and although he
should have been disciplined by the years
62

Adventure

of solitary confinement, lie spoke his mind
freely on all subjects. He called Yo-Yo a
coalsack and other names referring to his
ancestry and legitimacy. Chaptel was often
tempted to halt him, fearful that Yo-Yo
would become angry and leave the ungrate-
ful wretch to himself. He had come to feel
a sense of responsibility for Lavaud, and
wanted to see him safely through. But
Yo-Yo allowed the remarks to slide off un-
noticed from his armor of contempt.

  “He’s a rude-mouthed old——Chaptel
apologized for his friend, “but he’s pretty
near in his second childhood, and the ‘pen’
is not a place to learn manners.”

  “Let him talk,” Yo-Yo said with a sad
smile. “He merely voices aloud what others
think. There is less disgust in his eyes than
in those of many people who have called me
monsieur; It’s a relief to hear any man
come out with his inner thoughts.”

  “I try to keep him quiet as much as
I can.”

  “Don’t bother. I only hope for his sake
that he gets back where he won’t have to
see any man my color—” again he smiled
slowly—“or rather with my sort of hair.
Because I look pure white as to face,
don’t I?”

  “Sure you do.”

  The following week saw them out of the
jungle, and traveling through open plains,
which Yo-Yo called campos. They met
groups of Indians, poor looking creatures,
armed with bows and arrows. The guide
conversed with them in their own tongue.
They were good people he said, who asked
for nothing better than to live in peace.
Chaptel, who had believed all Indians to be
beardless, saw with surprize that many of
these men had mustaches. Macouchis was
their tribal name according to Yo-Yo. They
had once lived nearer the coast hne, but the
first white invaders and the raids of war-
like tribes of their own color had driven
them back inland.

  Yo-Yo trusted them sufficiently to rest
in one of the villages. Chaptel became ac-
quainted with cachiri, an alcohol made from
sugar cane. He never touched it again after
he was informed by Yo-Yo that the juice
was procured by a primitive process: The
women of the village chewed the cane and
spat the juice into a container. One glance
at the elderly dames sprawled in their
wrinkled, greasy nakedness, and cachiri was
forbidden to his not too sensitive stomach.

In vain, Yo-Yo insisted that on occasion
it was made in a crude mill.

  With the village as a base, the three men
investigated the surrounding country. Gold
could be washed out in small quantities.
Although working for Yo-Yo, Chaptel was
enough interested to labor long hours. It
was fascinating to sift the brilliant particles
from the sand, and to think that the metal
would find its way into the civilized world,
to cause havoc, probably. On one occasion,
Chaptel found two small nuggets, which he
turned over to Yo-Yo. Lavaud was also
lucky, but had to be compelled to give up
his finds. Since the sight of gold, the old
man seemed to have gone mad, could talk of
nothing else.

  “Big sacks of it!” he shouted jubilantly.
“Big sacks, in the right place. Let’s stay
here, Chaptel, for a few years and get all
we can.”

  “And die before we could get out, eh?
Not much. I’d sooner see a railroad track
than all the gold in Guiana.”

  Yo-Yo smiled and pensively weighed the
small bags in his palm.

  “I’ll sell them when we get there,” he
murmured.

  “Where?” asked Chaptel.

  “Where we’re going.”

  Their destination; that was one bit of
information Chaptel could never obtain
from Yo-Yo. Possibly the guide still feared
that if the two knew their way, or believed
they did, his life would be in danger. Con-
victs had been known to commit murder for
less than the small amount of gold at
hand.

         “GOLD,” Yo-Yo said one night,
w^en the two lay before the fire
Cn	in the maloca—hut—assigned to

         them by the villagers, “gold—I
don’t know why I want to find it. But I
want to. Perhaps it’s more for the thrill of
coming back and announcing a big strike.
Gold—the finding of gold in big quantities
would make Guiana an important place,
Chaptel. Men would come from all over
the world. The convicts would be sent else-
where. Cayenne would have a good harbor.
Saint-Laurent would become a big city,
with gambling saloons, dance halls and tall
buildings. Look at California, Australia.
Where would they be now, if gold had not
been found there? You’ll say the climate
is better than here. I grant that. But it
Knaves of Spades

63

needs more than a good climate to attract
men anywhere.”

  He paused thoughtfully, then went on:

  “I picture myself, at times, coming back
to Cayenne, placing a few sizable nuggets
before the governor and saying— ‘There’s
any amount at such and such a place!’
Then sit back and watch things happen.
Men from everywhere, I said, Frenchmen,
Germans, Americans, all sorts. And I’d
say to myself— ‘You did all that, Yo-Yo!’ ”
“You’re something of a Guianian, Yo-Yo.
I didn’t suspect you of so much love for
your country.”

  “This isn’t my country,” said Yo-Yo.

“I don’t give a - what becomes of it.

But I’d enjoy the feeling of being the first
cause for the movements of a quarter million
men. Don’t think I mean personal fame.
I wouldn’t care if my name was never men-
tioned. It’s my own private satisfaction
that would matter.”

   He lighted his pipe for a fifth time.

  “If I did that—discovered gold in plenty—
I’d be justifying the faith of a half hun-
dred world-famous men. Do you know
that early legends stated that El Dorado
was in Guiana, more particularly in that
part now French? In the sixteenth century,
a Spanish pirate, Martinez, crawled back
to Havana to die. On his deathbed he said
that he had discovered immense gold de-
posits in the upper country of this very coast.

  “He was a good Catholic, and would not
have lied to a priest. I believe he told the
truth. The English knight, Walter Raleigh,
believed that too. He would have come
back here if he had not been executed.
How many looked for the fabulous Manoa
d’Eldorado, I can’t say. I found two skele-
tons, some years ago, in the thick bush by
Mount Leblond. From the remnants of
dress, they had died in the late sixteenth, or
early seventeenth century. I brought back
to Cayenne what was left of a rusty rapier.
An official bought it for six hundred francs
for a museum. The gold exists as Martinez
said it did.

  “Florimon, a Frenchman, around 1820,
was shown a creek by a native, and picked
up five pounds in nuggets right on the spot
he stood on! He went crazy with the idea,
rushed back to the coast, got backing, and
was unable to find thereafter either the
native who had guided him or the creek.”
Lavaud, ten feet away, hoisted himself
on his elbows.

  “Sure, there’s gold here, you sooty ape.

I can find it if I stay long enough.”

  “Go to sleep, and give us a rest,” Chaptel
suggested roughly.

  Yo-Yo talked on. Launched on the topic
of gold, he could not be halted. His knowl-
edge of the bush was paralleled by his
erudition concerning the dim history of
Guiana. From the discovery of the coun-
try by Vicente Yanez Pincon, to the actual
time, he reeled off names and dates of the
explorers. In broad outline he painted the
early struggles, the arrival of white men,
black slaves, and the gradual receding of
the Indians into the interior. The epic tale
of Poncet and his companions, greedy but
brave, resisting the temptation to abandon
the game, and massacred to the last man by
the natives.

  The fantastic expedition led by the Abbe
Marivault and de Royville, eight hundred
men in all, who started from Paris with
high hopes of conquest. Marivault fell into
the Seine River and was drowned at the
start. De Royville was assassinated by his
followers on the high seas. Then as now,
Guiana was synonymous with blood. Of
the eight hundred, only fifteen escaped alive
to Suriname up the coast.

  Yo-Yo was gifted with a pleasant voice
and an ability to choose words. His recital
became almost a chant, a saga. Chaptel
saw the formidable figures of pirates and
gentlemen of fortune, not always distinctly
separated, rise out of the past, stride into
the unknown with heroic swing, facing In-
dians, starvation, fever, in the hope of gold.
But what pleases one man does not neces-
sarily please another. Lavaud, interested,
when the talk rolled on the present, gave
up listening when historical events were
mentioned, and soon was snoring. /

  Yo-Yo threw another stick on the fire.
“Tell me,” said Chaptel abruptly, “tell
me, Yo-Yo, where were you born, if not in
Cayenne. And where did you learn all
those details. And why are you here, help-
ing two bums escape from- instead of

discoursing on history in some school in
France, or anywhere else, for that matter?”
The guide touched his wool.

  “That’s why!”

  He smiled, and Chaptel caught a glimpse
of the real man behind the mask affected
by Yo-Yo. The smile was bitter, self-mock-
ing. No sane man smiled thus. No mad
man, either, thought Chaptel The smile
64

Adventure

was not human. It was more than a gri-
mace, more than a reflection of an emotion.
It held all the rancor of a tortured mind.

  “I once thought myself white. Would you
believe it, Chaptel? I might as well tell
you: What makes me suffer is not the scorn
of others, but my own scorn. My earliest
recollection is Senegal in Africa. My father
was an officer down there. I had a real
name, not Yo-Yo. There were blacks all
about me. And I considered them as others
did. I had learned, by the time I was ten,
that I was not exactly like other children.
There was much talk about my mother,
who was dead.

  “I caught a bit here and there; no one
thought I noticed. My father had been sta-
tioned in Martinique, in the West Indies.
It was there that I was born. I went with
him everywhere after that, until he thought
I needed more education. Then he sent me
to France to a private school. I learned
many things quickly. I guess, although I
did not suspect it at the time, that the un-
tired brains of my black ancestors gave me
more mental vitality than is usual. I won
the red-covered prize books, the laurel crown
at the end of the school terms. I was some-
what of a hero among my comrades, be-
cause of my early travels.

  “When I was about thirteen, big and
strong for my age, getting to be a man, an
unbelievable thing happened. My hair,
until then, had been curly and black, but
not woolly. I guess my strain of black
showed with puberty. It got woolly, my
hair did. At first I liked the feel of it. Wien
my father came home I told him. And he
told me the truth. Can you conceive the
colossal unconcern of the man? To let me
shap6 my life white, and then laugh it off as
he did when he saw my wool? The fact
preyed on me. I still went to school, and
had lost interest. When I had served my
time of service, in the cavalry, I applied and
obtained a colonial position in the govern-
ment. I was sent to Cayenne.

  “I was thin-skinned. I soon saw that I
was rated among the ‘creoles’. I kept by
myself, and studied furiously, to forget.
I read all the books to be had on Guiana,
and suddenly got the gold madness. I
chucked up the job and set out. And that’s
all I’ve done ever since. I never saw my
father, after what he told me. I guess he
was afraid of me. He died some years back.
I have half brothers and sisters in France

who got the money. He was right to forget
me. I wish he’d forgotten me earlier in
Martinique.”

  “But why do you make money illegally?
It doesn’t seem in your character. You
don’t like us convicts.”

  “Why? It amuses me to turn you back
upon France and the rest of the world.”
Yo-Yo laughed loudly. “White men—white
men—white men!”

  Chaptel made no remark. Yo-Yo went
on and on. Gradually his discourse became
more and more entangled. He mentioned
events that had occurred in Guiana, and
which he said he had witnessed, when but
a few moments before he had said that at
that time he was in France! He spoke of
his grandmother, smoking a pipe on the
threshold of a hut.

  It suddenly dawned upon Chaptel that
the sad tale was fiction, made up by the
imaginative Yo-Yo to color his character,
the same impulse that caused him to hunt
for gold that he might startle the universe
with his discoveries. Yo-Yo was insane,
far more insane than the old man, Lavaud,
asprawl in the dark corner.

  It was a horrible plight, this being cooped
up with two maniacs. He began to doubt
his own sanity. The fleeting smiles on
Yo-Yo’s face were disturbing. He must not
let him know that he suspected the truth.
But Yo-Yo was far from being disconcerted.
He was lost in an imaginary world of his
own. His voice rose higher and higher.
The yarns had brought him to a dangerous
pitch of exaltation. Chaptel quietly spread
his blanket and stretched out.

  He tried to keep awake, but presently
dozed off into a deep sleep, and the last he
heard was Yo-Yo’s reiterated words:

  “White men! White men!”

AFTER leaving the Indian vil-
lage, they roamed in the un-
chartered territory south of a
high mountain, which Chaptel
later' learned was Mount Leblond. They
spent days and nights in deep, damp gullies,
on wind swept plateaus, in the jungle. In
the leather pouch sluing over Yo-Yo’s back
bounced little bags of gold-dust.

  Lavaud now boasted a long gray beard
and a mane of snowy hair, which, combined
with his wrinkled, puffy face, gave him the
startling appearance of a dissolute patriarch.
Yo-Yo had kept his face clean-shaven.
Knaves of Spades

65

Chaptel had learned the fact, that in spite
of his muscular frame and utter oblivion
to fatigue, he was but two years under
sixty.

  Chaptel, when he took the trouble to gaze
into an igarapey limpa, Yo-Yo’s term for a
limpid brook, could scarcely believe that
the brown, lean, black-bearded face was his.
Debilitating as the climate was supposed
to be, none of the three men had been
harmed. The quinin, the plain fare, the
constant exercise, had kept them in con-
dition. They were all suffering from insect
bites, and Lavaud had eczema, a little an-
noyance, indeed, compared with what Chap-
tel had been led to expect.

  One hundred and twelve days after the
first meeting with Yo-Yo, they came to the
first white man’s dwellings, a Brazilian mili-
tary outpost, on the right bank of the
Aragouary River. A score of huts, similar
to those of the natives, a crudely erected
church, a cemetery with dilapidated wooden
crosses, a staked enclosure holding a few
oxen, that was all. The soldiers were
ragged. They had old rifles, antiquated
bayonets that did not fit their guns, and
no shoes. But one of them was pure white.
The others were Indians, negroes and the
various racial subdivisions that can be
created by a free mixture of white, black
and red. These soldiers had their families
with them.

  As warriors they were not impressing.
They sat about gloomily, without pretense
of desire to be ready to exercise their calling.
Even the oxen seemed a prey to the all-
prevailing boredom.

  Yo-Yo sought the commander and pre-
sented a paper bearing the official stamp of
the French government, and accrediting
Messieurs Pardon, Picard and Marechal—
Yo-Yo, Chaptel and Lavaud—gold pros-
pectors, to the Brazilian authorities. This
sort of passport, Yo-Yo had told Chaptel,
was easy enough to obtain. He had a
mulatto friend in government service who
refused no request accompanied by a
twenty-franc gold coin.

  The white commander, Tenente—Lieu-
tenant—Manoel da Morea, had been born
in Rio. He was as ragged as his men, but
his manner was that of a perfect gentleman.
He did his best to accommodate his un-
expected guests, and took a particular lik-
ing to Chaptel. Without anything being
said, the officer had decided “Picard” was

  5

the head of the party, “Pardon” his guide
and “Marechal” his servant. Yo-Yo made
it clear that it would be best to leave him
under this impression, and Lavaud grum-
blingly assumed his r61e, which consisted
chiefly in finishing the bottles from the
table.

  Manoel da Morea spoke fluent French,
had studied in Paris, had even represented
his country at maneuvers in France. He
did not like the life in the outpost, he de-
clared, but a soldier had to take the bad
with the good. He would not listen to
Chaptel’s early departure and invited him
to remain a week under his roof, to rest,
as he put it, from the arduous trip so ad-
venturously taken. Chaptel was aware that
the invitation was not free from self-interest.
Morea wanted to talk, make up for his
months of loneliness. He purchased the
gold with Brazilian money, which he paid
to Chaptel. Yo-Yo accepted half and told
Chaptel he could keep the rest.

  “There is all of Guiana to supply me with
more—and it has been pleasant to talk to a
man of the class I should have belonged
to,” he said.

  Morea, who had many friends in the
Brazilian Government, insisted that he
should write letters of introduction to the
officials in Macapa, in Para, and even in
Rio, if the prospector should care to visit
the metropolis in South America. Chaptel
hesitated to accept this proof of friendship
from a man he was deceiving. But pro-
testation would have awakened sus-
picion.

  Morea expressed the opinion that one
must be uncomfortable in Cayenne, due to
the number of convicts there.

  “In my opinion,” he said, “they should
be shot instead of allowed to roam at large.
Lucky for them not one ever comes this
way. I wouldn’t waste much time with him.
Crack—gone!” Morea pointed at Lavaud,
basking in the sun outside, chatting with a
group of natives. “I spotted him. He’s a
free man and your servant now. But he
was once one of them."

  “I think he was,” admitted Chaptel,
“but he’s a good old man now.”

  “Perhaps — perhaps. Beware of him,
however. He’s too familiar with you.
Allow those dogs to take an inch and they
swallow you!”

  Chaptel therefore hastened his departure.
Morea was not a fool. From suspecting
66

Adventure

Lavaud to gradually suspecting him was
but a narrow step.

  When he left he promised to write Morea,
and was compelled to give him a fictitious
address in France, where Morea declared,
he would come to see him and renew the
pleasant friendship begun in the desolate
jungle on the banks of the Aragouary. A
last kindness he forced upon Chaptel an
escort of four soldiers to protect him and
help him on the hard journey to Macapa.

  The distance between the outpost and
Macapa was about ninety miles, which Yo-
Yo said could be easily covered in a week.
The road was bad, partly through thick
brush, partly over rough, stony soil. The
scenery was monotonous, depressing. But
it could be felt that they were nearing in-
habited areas. They had been weeks with-
out glimpsing signs of a fire. Now, when
night came, they could see the reflection of
flames against the sky. Desultory cattle
grazing, ineffectual attempts at agriculture
were the industries of the country-side.
Ragged vaqueiros, mounted on gaunt ponies
passed the little party, grinning in saluta-
tion, yellow teeth in saddle-colored faces.

  On the third day, the sky being clear,
Chaptel perceived mountains in the dis-
tance. Yo-Yo was satisfied with the prog-
ress made. Chaptel noticed that Lavaud
sought every occasion to speak to the guide
in private, and that the two engaged in long
arguments, in which the old convict seemed
to be pleading, and Yo-Yo refusing.

  At length Lavaud came to him.

  “I have asked Coal-Tar to take me back
with him, as far as those creeks we saw.
He won’t do it.”

  “Are you crazy? What difference is there
between suffering at the creeks and suffering
in Cayenne? You’re too old to take any'
more chances, Lavaud.”

  “There’s gold up there, heaps of it. Since
I saw what we got in just a few days playing
around, I know I could make enough to be
rich. What is there for me in the world,
if I have no money? All I had went to
Magre. This way I’ll just be an old bum,
without a friend on the whole earth.”

  “You should have thought of that before
you started.”

  Lavaud rubbed his chin musingly.

  “I’m not so sure that I wouldn’t want to
go back to Cayenne. I feel that I wouldn’t
die as long as I was planning to get out
again. That keeps a fellow alive.”

  Suddenly Lavaud bent his head and
snuffed loudly. To Chaptel’s amazement
he began to sob.

  “Come out of it, old man,” Chaptel in-
vited. “I didn’t mean to be rough with
you.”

  “What do I care about you!” Lavaud re-
torted defiantly. “What I feel broken-
hearted over is that I won’t have anything
to think of now. I’m getting old and it’s
hard to get a new interest.”

  This absurd scene grated on Chaptel’s
nerves. Here was Lavaud, actually home-
sick for Cayenne and the Isle of Silence,
missing the constant planning, the longing
for freedom. He seemed to want Cayenne
even more than the gold.

  “Go and talk to Yo-Yo,” Chaptel sug-
gested.

  But Lavaud was discouraged. He con-
tinued to weep. His shoulders sagged and
he declared himself worn out. Chaptel was
for making a long halt, but Yo-Yo declared
that he saw through the old man’s trick.
Lavaud wanted to be left behind, to wait
for Yo-Yo’s return and dog his steps back
to the alluring creeks, and perhaps Cayenne.

  Chaptel informed Lavaud that Yo-Yo
never traveled the same road twice, that he
would take a different route on the way
back. He pointed out that the guide could
not afford to become too well known to
Morea or any other officer, for they would
suspect that the constantly changing pros-
pectors bound for Macapa were not as in-
nocent as they pretended to be.

  “All right—walk on. I’ll follow,” La-
vaud said meekly.

  Chaptel and Yo-Yo had to wait for him
repeatedly. Lavaud breathed loudly, and
his face was white. Chaptel felt his head,
his wrists and assured himself that it was
not fever that dragged so heavily upon the
senior member of the group. He began to
worry. Anything was likely to happen to a
man of Lavaud’s age, after the arduous
journey through Guiana.

  He called a stop under a convenient tree,
and Lavaud threw himself on the ground.
He never regained his feet again. He be-
came delirious, he seemed to have lost con-
sciousness of his surroundings, and ad-
dressed himself to persons he had known
formerly, and whom he thought were
near by.

  “How do you expect pigs to grow fat on
dish-water,. Rosalie?” he shouted. “Potato
Knaves of Spades

6 7

peelings, old bread, that’s what they need.”
“Be quiet, Lavaud. Rest easy for today,
and you’ll be all right in the morning.”

  “Monsieur le Juge,” pleaded Lavaud, be-
fore an imaginary court of justice, “I didn’t
shoot that game-keeper, I swear I didn’t.
We had words the night before, that’s true.
And he had arrested me for shooting a
rabbit. But look at me! Am I a man that
would kill a game-keeper? He was shot in
the morning, and that morning I was on
the way to the fair with three pigs in the
wagon!”

  Chaptel forced the spout of his canteen
between his teeth, and poured down a long
drink of tafia, strong alcohol, parting gift of
Lieutenant Morea. Then he turned to
Yo-Yo—

  “What’s the matter with him?”

  “I don’t know. I have seen others die
like that, after they knew they were out.
He isn’t very strong, I guess.”

   “You think he’ll die?”

  Yo-Yo nodded.

  Chaptel shook Lavaud trying to bring
him into momentary calm.

  “Eh, Lavaud, what’s your address?
Where does that sister of yours live? Can’t
you talk? You’re badly off, and I guess
she’d like to know what happened to
you.”

  “I couldn’t have shot him. I was going
to the fair with three pigs in the wagon.”
“What fair?” begged Chaptel, hoping to
get some indication of the town.

  If the situation had been reversed he
would have wanted his family to be in-
formed, rather than that they should worry
over a long-unexplained silence.

  “The country fair, of course,” said
Lavaud.

   Chaptel wiped his face.

  “Where did you live, Lavaud? What
did you do?”

  “Went to the fair with three pigs in a
wagon.”

  Lavaud’s agony lasted several hours.
His answers to Chaptel’s questions never
varied. The names of places he did men-
tion were so general that they could have
been apphed to any French village. The
Golden Lion Cafe, the store next to the
church, the old house near the fountain,
these could not be called precisions. When
night came, Yo-Yo made a fire, and Chaptel
still watched by the old man, hoping against
hope that he would have a lucid moment.

  At last Lavaud sat up bruskly with an
indignant gesture.

  “How could I, with three pigs in a

wagon!”

  He sank back; his jaw dropped.

AND Chaptel, who had not shed
a tear in years, cried over the old
fellow. He had never heard of
the game-keeper, and knew that
Lavaud was quite capable of lying to him-
self even in an unconscious condition. The
man had lived hard, suffered greatly—and
he was dead under the stars in this lonesome
corner of the immense forest.

  The soldiers, who had been lagging be-
hind, arrived at noon the next day. They
consented to dig a grave, not overdeep,
however, for they soon tired. Yo-Yo re-
moved his hat ceremoniously and said a
prayer in Latin. The soldiers knelt, and
Chaptel imitated them. The guide pro-
ceeded unctuously, his words resounding,
under the trees.	<

  “Amen,” Yo-Yo ended, then, without
transition, “We can go now.”	|

  The soldiers crossed themselves a
time, then evidently fearing a fate similar
to that of Lavaud if they hurried unduly,
found comfortable resting places by the
road, not twenty feet from the newly made
grave, and went to sleep.

  Four days later, the two reached Macapa,
from which, Yo-Yo informed Chaptel, a
steam-boat would take him down the Ama-
zon River to Santa-Maria de Belem de Grao
Para, known as Belem to the convicts and as
Para to the Brazilians.

  Yo-Yo did not enter the city.

  “I stop here,” he announced.

  “You start back right away?”

  “Yes. I never enter the place. I do not
care to be well known. It is better that
you should go in alone.”

  “Then I’m all alone.”

  “You’re luckier than the others who have
no money, and are compelled to join the
beachcombers. You have money for the
gold and can buy your passage for Belem.
There, ships come from all parts of the
world. Good luck.”

  He turned without another word, and
strode back in the direction from which they
had come. Chaptel saw the tall, massive
figure round a clump of orange trees, and
his last connection with Cayenne and his
former life was gone.
68

Adventure

  He was puzzled, half-afraid to enter the
town. He had an uncertain feeling of be-
ing naked, for he was deprived of compan-
ionship and in a strange place. But he
stepped forward resolutely, entered the
first cafe, showed the letters of introduction,
was conducted to the fort, where a friend of
Morea received him cordially, and de-
clared himself willing to serve as mentor
until he was safely on the river steamer
bound for Para.

  The way opened wide for him. Where
would he go? Should he stay in Brazil, or
seek a new life elsewhere?

  “Come with me, Monsieur Picard,” his
host suggested. “I wish you to tell my
friends of your adventures in the bad
woods. We’ll open a bottle or two, and
show you that if Macapa is not Paris, a good
drink makes for a cheerful evening!”

“WHAT’S wrong with you, Pic-
ard?” Henri Zimmer asked sud-
denly.

awit.	“With me?” Chaptel repeated.

i hat’s wrong? The heat, I guess.”
•^S'he heat of the immense city seemed in
fact to pour in through the open window and
fill the small room from wall to wall. The
cigaret smoke clung to the dingy curtains
and shredded lazily toward the airshaft.
The clang of metal, the rattle of the ele-
vated on Ninth Avenue, New York City,
added din to the heat. Chaptel, naked, lay
on the bed trying to sleep. Zimmer, the
Alsatian, occupied a worn easy chair, read-
ing a newspaper absent-mindedly, smoking
cigaret after cigaret, the intervals being
filled by long swallows of beer.

  “That doesn’t sound true to me, Picard,”
he insisted. “Look here, I’ve known you
almost a year. You think I’m a friend of
yours, don’t you? Can’t you tell me what
ails you lately?”

  “A year,” Chaptel said musingly. “That
long, Zimmer?”

  “Sure!”

  •Chaptel sighed, pulled the top sheet as
far as his armpits, and sighed again.

  He had been in New York twelve months.
It was therefore almost two years since he
had entered Macapa, since he had left Yo-
Yo. Yes, it must be two years, for the
nightmares in which he was recaptured by
the police disturbed him no longer.

  In Belem he had avoided mixing with the
other escaped men on the beach. Morea’s

letters made a path for him. He had gained
Port of Spain, Trinidad and New Orleans
without difficulty. Then, his money had
given out.

  At the time, he could speak but a few
words of English and fell back upon the
French sailors on shore leave for help. He
told them that circumstances made it im-
possible for him to ship on a French vessel,
and that he wished to reach New York.
They presumed him to be a deserter from a
merchant steamer, and having had mo-
ments when they themselves had been tired
of their surroundings, understood.

  Through them Chaptel became acquaint-
ed with a Frenchman who held the position
of cook on an American vessel. Chaptel
realized the need of some sort of trade and
stayed with him until he had mastered the
elements of the culinary art. At last,
thinking himself equipped to face life in
the North American metropolis, he shook
hands with the cook, and went ashore.

  There are many Frenchmen in hotel
kitchens in New York. But they form a
closed fraternity, and unless a man has the
proper introductions, he finds it hard to get
work. Chaptel found people colder and
colder toward a petitioner for help the
further north he had traveled. He was
turned away everywhere and his last dollar
dwindled to two dimes and a nickel.

  At this critical moment a sign in the
window of a lunch counter on West Street
near the docks attracted his attention. A
dish-washer was wanted. Chaptel entered,
agreed to the conditions laid down by the
proprietor, which he could not understand,
his knowledge of English still being limited.
And he washed dishes: Thick cups, thick
plates, evidently made for length of service,
greasy tin forks, spoons, heaps of them, for
sixteen hours a day. He was free, and bet-
ter off than in Guiana, but still this was not
his idea of happiness.

  He was lonely. Every night, he walked
up and down West Street at times as far as
the Chelsea Docks, where he could meet
French sailors from the pier on Fifteenth
Street. These men showed him little
sympathy. The down and outers were too
numerous to be listened to. He had no
chance to explain that he did not want
money, but the sound of his own tongue, j

  At last, he halted Zimmer, who was re-
turning from a lengthy visit to a steward.
Zimmer was happy, cheerful. He told
Knaves of Spades

69

Chaptel that he had also tasted bitter mo-
ments.

  Chaptel introduced himself as Picard,
thinking the name given him by Yo-Yo as
good as any. Together they had gone to an
arm-chair restaurant and talked matters
over. Zimmer was an Alsatian. When he
was two years old his family emigrated to a
manufacturing town in Connecticut. His
French was far from musical—he mixed it
with German and English words. But his
heart was good.

  He immediately acquired a sense of re-
sponsibility over his casual acquaintance,
scoffed at the idea that Chaptel should go
back to dish-washing in the morning. He
took him to his room and declared that from
this night onward, he and Chaptel would be
friends, that he guaranteed him a job as
bus-boy in the cabaret where he was em-
ployed.

  Chaptel soon became a full-fledged waiter.
He was tall, good looking and was granted
the privilege of serving tables near the
dancing floor, where tips are heaviest.

  As soon as he had saved a sufficient
amount of money, he declared his intention
of leaving his position to look for work in a
garage, as he had some mechanical training.
Zimmer could not understand this. Picard
was making good money, he declared, more
than he could make at any other trade.
Moreover, it would separate them, for
Zimmer would work nights, and Picard
days. Chaptel sacrificed his personal in-
clinations and remained with his friend.

  He did not like waiting—not from a false
pride, but because it did not require the use
of his fingers in the intricate manner ma-
chinery demanded. But Zimmer had been
kind to him, and he did not want to annoy
him in the slightest manner. It can not be
said that he was unhappy; he had come to
appreciate good food, clean living quarters
and personal liberty. The petty annoy-
ances were nothing to what he had endured.
The scolding of the majestic head-waiter
was mild, compared to the bitter tongue
lashings of Marietti, Bichet and Magre.

  The growling of the gentleman who want-
ed to impress his companion with his ex-
acting sense of proper table service he met
politely. He had the ready smile for the
well-known patron, who beamed his satis-
faction at public recognition from a man
employed in the gayest place in town. The
former costaud was often threatened with

bodily violence by inebriate gentlemen.
He learned that a rush order consisted of a
swift search for left-overs.

  He had informed his father of his suc-
cessful escape. He corresponded with his
parents cautiously, had assigned a general
delivery address for his mail. And he was
homesick, desperately homesick. He strug-
gled against that feeling, told himself that
Lavaud had been recaptured through grati-
fying a like impulse. To go back home
would almost certainly mean walking into
a trap.

  And Zimmer was asking him what was
the matter.

  “Come on, Picard, what’s wrong?” Zim-
mer repeated.

  “To tell the truth, I’m homesick.”

  “You have enough money for your fare to
France and back. I have a few dollars that
would be better off in circulation. Take
the next boat, and visit your folks.”

  “I can’t go back.”

  Zimmer pursed his lips, whistled.

  “You ducked your military service, did
you?”

  “Something of the kind.”

  “How long ago did you leave?”

  “About seven years ago.”

  “Would many people know your face?”
“I think I’ve changed a lot. I was not
much more than a kid, then.”

  “Suppose you grew a mustache, a beard,
even. Anyway, you wouldn’t need to go
into the place where you’d lived. Stay at a
place some distance away, and get your folks
to come and see you.”

  “I’m afraid that I might be questioned.
I have no papers.”

  “That’s easy,” said Zimmer. “I’ll give
you my birth certificate, and a bunch of let-
ters written to me. You’ll be Henry Zim-
mer, German subject, born in Alsace.”
Chaptel propped himself up on one elbow.
“Could I get away with it?”

  “Why not?”

  “And you?”

  “I have my American citizenship papers.
That’s all I need.”

  Chaptel reached over and grasped his
hand.

  “Only, you better be careful and not visit
Alsace. The Germans would pull you into
the army as quick as a wink. And with
your temper, you could never stand being
bossed about by a thick-necked sergeant.
You can’t imagine what army life is like! I
70

Adventure

had a brother who stayed in the old country.
You ought to hear him tell about it.
Kicks—swear-words! ’ ’

  Chaptel smiled. Then his face set stern-
ly. Could he accept Zimmer’s identity
and leave him in ignorance of his former
life? It was a great temptation to take the
papers and keep silent. But presuming the
worst happened, and he was caught by the
French police, what would Zimmer think?
No. He had full right to risk his own
liberty, but no right to destroy a man’s
faith in humanity.

  “I guess that’s all a dream,” he declared
wearily. “Can’t be done.”

  Zimmer was almost violent in his in-
sistence. His accent in French was terrific,
and Chaptel thought he saw a way out.

  “Listen, Zimmer, I can’t speak Ger-
man.”

  “It’s only right that you don’t speak
German,” Zimmer pointed out triumph-
antly. “You left home when you were
two years old. You’ll be one poor fel-
low from the land that was lost in the war.
Everybody will say you’re right not to speak
that pig German language. No?”

  Chaptel was forced to admit the logic of
this argument. There was but one way to
make Zimmer understand.

  “If I told you I had been a convict, Zim-
mer, would you still want me to use your
birth certificate?”

  It was some time before Zimmer re-
covered from his astonishment.

  “What others say you did, what you
did, I don’t care,” Zimmer said. “I like
you, and that’s all I want to know.”

  “You might get into trouble.”

  “You’re the hardest fellow to do a favor
for, I ever’met!” sputtered Zimmer. “May-
be you think it is this way: If Zimmer had
been in Sing Sing, he would not be your
friend? No? Yes, he would.” The Alsa-
tian nevertheless caught some of Chaptel’s
emotion, and his voice became throaty:
“Have a glass of beer. That’s good in hot
weather.”

  Chaptel held up his glass in silence.

  All was settled—on the surface. But it
would need more than a birth certificate
and a plausible story to clear him if he were
suspected. To go back was sheer madness.
The much criticised French police counts
among its members genuinely intelligent
men, peculiarly gifted for their calling. One
glance at his nose, his forehead, his eyes and

the recollection of a small photograph seen
on a filing card— Chaptel would not know
of this. He would go on, living quietly, be-
coming more and more secure, and feel a
hand on his shoulder just when he would
least expect it.

  The identification, the convict-ship, Cay-
enne, the trial which would add five years to
the eight earned through striking Bichet—
the dreaded mark would be passed, and his
doublage would swallow the rest of his life.
The Isle of Silence, the bush, attempted
escape, the Isle of Silence again. He might
never succeed in escaping, for there was not
always at hand a greedy Magre of a ma-
niacal Yo-Yo. An endless round, that
would be his, until he was thrown into the
sea to the sharks.

  Or again, Lavaud’s fate. Death in the
forest, delirium.

  “Three pigs in a wagon!”

  But the homing instinct was too strong,
could not be denied. Chaptel was able to
face chance calmly for the sake of seeing
his people, his home. A strange thing is
man, guided by instincts that are not al-
ways for his good, instincts that he can not
resist.

  Two weeks later, he sailed for Havre.

        IN THE deserted waiting-room
of the station, he paused to ex-
jBgfiPK) amine himself in the mirror sur-
mounting a machine which sup-
plied chocolate for the insignificant sum of
two sous. He remembered this particular
machine. There had been a time when he
was compelled to stand on tip-toes to insert
the coin in the slot. He cleared his throat
with a hearty cough, unwilling to admit the
emotion that gripped him.

  It was not likely that he would be recog-
nized. The nine days on the sea had
browned his face. He was certain that he
had grown taller, heavier and the black
mustache completed the change from the
loose-limbed, pink-cheeked lad who had
left seven years before. He turned down
the brim of his felt hat, buttoned his light
top coat to the throat, and swung out into
the open place before the station.

  The gendarme on duty, small and fat,
Chaptel had known. He had once arrested
him for throwing stones at the pigeons near
the town hall. His heart stood still when
the uniformed man brought his hand to the
peak of his cap. He had forgotten that
Knaves of Spades

71

greetings were tendered to strangers in his
home town.

  “Bonjour, Monsieur,” said the gendarme.

  “Bonjour."

  The officer was loquacious, and volun-
teered the facts that the day promised to be
clear, that he could see the gentleman was a
stranger in town and that he took it upon
himself to recommend the inn three streets
down from the station. Omelets—one
would smack his lips three hours after eat-
ing those omelets. And the wine that
tasted like nothing but radiant sunshine in
one’s soul.

  “What is the name of that inn?” asked
Chaptel, who could not have passed it less
than a thousand times.

  “The Silver Bell. Say that Hamel, the
gendarme, sent you!”

  “Merci—au revoir.”

  Chaptel entered the Inn of the Silver
Bell and ordered omelet and wine. He had
eaten shortly before at a preceding station
but thought it best to conduct himself in
this leisurely and carefree manner. The
serving maid grumbled at the unusual
hour; it lacked forty minutes of six!

  Chaptel strolled out once more and by
circling through many streets made his way
toward his old home. The milk carts,
drawn by large dogs, were the only vehi-
cles on the move. Chaptel recognized the
woman who had always brought milk to his
home. He had spent a three weeks vaca-
tion at her farm once. But she did not
recognize him. Nothing had changed but
himself.

  The town seemed smaller, of course,
ridiculously small. He had seen large cities
and was rather disappointed. Distances
had shrunk apparently, for he soon found
himself standing before his own door.
It was unlocked. He remembered that
the man on the top floor, a retired army
officer, went for a walk at four o’clock
every morning. He must be still alive, and
still walking, for there was the street door
open.

  The semi-darkness of the stair-case, the
smell of dust and polishing oil, seemed fa-
miliar, as did the feel of the round, hard-
wood ball ending the last pole of the ban-
nister.

  “The third step creaks,” he told himself,
and avoided the third step as he had done
in other days, when coming back too late
for parental approval.

  “Third floor—here we are!” he whispered.

   He stood before the door, his heart beat-
ing savagely, shaking him like the vibra-
tion of a motor.

  He tried the handle; the door was not
locked. He opened the panel. Through
the hall he could see the little dining room,
the same carpet, the black-wood buffet. He
could see a corner of a picture, a colored
print depicting a herd of cows in a grassy
field, with slim poplars lining the horizon.
Not daring to move, he stood there, back
against the wall, breathing hard.

  He noticed a change; the furniture was
dusty. A dreadful fear crept into his
heart. Some one was moving in the
kitchen. He heard the clatter of a coffeepot
being replaced on the stove. Then a step,
that of his father, crossed the floor.

  Chaptel saw him. He had aged—his
mustache was white. His face was lined.
And he was preparing his own breakfast.
There was no woman in the house: No
French woman would have permitted him to
lay a hot dish on the table top without pro-
tection for the wood. Chaptel felt the tears
roll down his nose. This was what he had
feared. His mother was dead. She had
not been able to survive all the anxieties he
had caused her. He had killed her as surely
as if he had driven a knife into her heart.
He was inclined to close the door without
saying a word, take the next train out of
town and return to America.

  But his father had seen him. He started,
and challenged the intruder.

  “What do you want? Can’t you knock,
instead of creeping in like a thief! You
made my heart jump!”

  Chaptel walked into the room and stood
in the light of the window.

  “Don’t you know me, Monsieur Chap-
tel?”

  “Edmond! Thunder!”

 “Mother-”

   He"broke off and could not go on.

  “What’s wrong with her?”

  “She isn’t—! She isn’t-”

  “No, she’s spending a few weeks in the
country. She was sick for a while when we
didn’t hear from you. But when she knew
you were safe in New York she got better.
Did any one see you coming in here?”

  “No.”

  “Right after you escaped, I had two or
three visits. I thought it was one of the
police come back againjvhen I saw you.”
72

Adventure

  “They’re watching?”

  “Not always. But every once in a while,
an inspector of police comes around. I’ve
been careful of the letters I sent you,
though.”

  Chaptel showed him his papers and ex-
plained how he got them.

  “It’s not safe for me to stay near here,”
he said. “I’ll go to Belfort, near the border.
I can be in Alsace in two jumps.”

  Then he sat down and told his father of
his escape.

  “Thunder! You’ve traveled, mon p’tit,
you’ve traveled!” the old man said envi-
ously. “You know I’ve always wanted to
do that sort of thing. But I got married,
then you came. That Yo-Yo, now, how
old did you say he was?”

  Chaptel gave the desired details. His
father’s eyes glowed.

  “What are you doing now?” Chaptel
asked. “Still at the same place?”

  “Yes, my employer says business is slow.
People are nervous around here. Since
that Austrian fellow was shot, two weeks
ago, there’s been talk of war. If it comes
to a head, you can get back to America in
time.” He shrugged sadly. “That’s all
you care to do, I guess. The army and
France have been pretty bad for you.”

  He seemed to feel the humiliation keenly,
having a boy that could not serve in case the
long-expected War broke out at last.

  “You better not stay here too long,” the
old man advised. “There’s a train tonight
at eleven for Belfort. You had the good
sense to come early. Going out late you
stand the same chance of not being dis-
covered.”

  He glanced at his watch.

  “I’m due at the office. I don’t dare stay
away. Some one might come to see what
was the matter. I’ll try to get off early.
In the meanwhile there’s enough to eat in
the kitchen.”

AFTER he was gone, Chaptel,
who was not hungry, sat down in
the arm chair. War would not
come, he told himself. How
many times within his memory had it been
predicted? In his boyhood he had seen
troops rush through the streets in the mid-
dle of the night, bound for the border. All
these rumors had dwindled and the fighting
had not started. This was but another
scare.

  He spent the day rumaging through
drawers, reading old books. His father re-
turned at nightfall, laden with packages.
There was roast chicken, bottles of olives
and cherries, truffles, two quarts of Pomard,
cognac and the cigarets that he had pre-
fered.

  “I took the chance that no one would
suspect that you were my company for to-
night,” the old man grinned. “Your
mother would feed you and I guess that’s
what I should do.”

  At quarter of eleven, he took his leave and
went to the station. Hamel was not there.
The gendarme on duty paid no attention
to him. In another five minutes, he was
safe in a compartment of the train rolling
toward Belfort.

  Several days elapsed before his mother
came. Doubtless the father had tempered
her impatience, and warned her against too
great haste. In the mean while, Chaptel
was bored. The music halls did not inter-
est him. He was longing to be back in New
York, where he would be free from the
haunting fear of arrest. And the sense of
impending calamity was in the air. Troops
were pouring by night into the city. Officers
strutted about with a preoccupied air.
Gendarmes and policemen were scanning
strangers with keen eyes, scenting possible
spies. Even when he had explained to his
landlord, that although his name was Zim-
mer, he was not German but an Alsatian,
the man had not appeared satisfied. Almost
any moment he might expect to be taken to
police headquarters and questioned.

  He momentarily forgot his worries when
his mother arrived. She could not hear
enough of his wanderings, exclaimed angrily
over Magre, pityingly over Lavaud, and
said that Henri Zimmer was the best man
alive. Chaptel knew that she should re-
turn immediately, and that he should go,
but he did not have the courage to tell her.

  The order of mobilization came on the
second of August, 1914. Belfort was an
important point in the defense of the French
Eastern Frontier. The first surge of the
German attack was expected here.

  “You can’t go into Germany now, ’’his
mother said. “You better take the next
train into Switzerland while there is still
time. Then you can go down into Italy,
and get a boat to America.”

  Chaptel went to the window. On the
street, soldiers were marching. The day
Knaves of Spades

73

before, they had seeftted ridiculous, in their
baggy, garish clothing. Now, they swung
together like a machine, with a set look upon
their faces, straining forward. War was in
the future, and was all glory and triumph.
The air was as if charged with electricity.
The united energy emanating from these
young men swept Chaptel strangely. He
shook like a leaf. The bugles caught at
something within him, strings that had
never vibrated. And suddenly, it seemed
monstrous that any men, not French, should
come into Belfort, into his home, while he
was forced to run away.

  “Right by fours—March!”

  The voice of a sergeant, with a ring
identical to that of Marietti. But Chaptel
stiffened at the command.

  “My-, mother, I’m afraid I can’t run

away.”

  “Why not?”

  “I don’t know what to say—how to ex-
plain. I know it’s crazy for me to want to
do anything for a nation that’s crushed me
—all that was worth while in me—-I know
this will make more worry for you, but I
can’t go.”

  “You’re no longer French. Guiana has
unnaturalized you, Edmond. You’re your-
self, that’s all.”

  The shrill yell of a woman pierced
through the pounding of feet.

  “Vive la France!”

  Chaptel struck his head with his hands.
Tears came to his eyes.

  “I’m crazy, I’m crazy!” he shouted. “I
know what France has done to me. I know
that those poor fools will get killed for
some one else. I know all that. And here
I am, caught by it. Vive la France! Shout-
ting it means much the same for me as
shouting—Vive la Guyane! Vive Biribi!
Vive Bichet, Marietti, Magre!”

  His mother was silent, not urging him to
either course.

  “What would you want me to do,
mother?” he asked helplessly. “Stay? Go?
What? I haven’t the strength to make a
decision. You say what you want, what
you think is right.”

  “Edmond, God knows I don’t want you
to be killed. I don’t want you to suffer any
more. But the others are going.” She be-
gan to weep, quietly. “And, Heaven for-
give me, I want you to go with them—be-
cause I love you—it’s hard to say, hard to
understand why. I guess it’s one of those

things like the tides of the sea that you just
can’t help. Some time some one may in-
vent something better than one’s country
—but I— I —”

  Chaptel laughed. He remembered the
Cayenne saying about the flag, the flag now
passing beneath the window: Red, white and
blue: red with blood, white with fear, blue
with sickness. Liberty, Equality, Fra-
ternity: Liberty to die of hunger, equality in
misery, and Cain-like fraternity. France
marching at the head of civilization, with
the unnamable horrors of Guiana straggling
behind. His reason rebelled, but his heart
was trapped.

  “I’m going—-I’m going!” Then he hesi-
tated. “But how can I? I’m not con-
sidered fit to fight. I’m a convict.”

  “You have Zimmer’s papers.”

  “Under his name? He could not go into
a French regiment, would have to enter the
Foreign Legion.” He paused, dazzled.
“The Foreign Legion—there’s a recruiting
bureau here—a man told me so in the Bat’
d’Af! Right or wrong, I’m going—now, this
afternoon.”

  His mother, between dabs at her
eyes with her handkerchief, had packed
her baggage. He closed his bags with
alacrity.

  “I’ll put you in a cab for the station,
mother. You go home, and tell the old man
I fell for his stuff. That’ll crack a grin out
of him. You take my bags with you. I
won’t need them—until it’s over—for every-
body or for me.”

  A few minutes, and the parting was over.
As Chaptel looked after the cab as it dis-
appeared around the corner, he involun-
tarily thought of Yo-Yo vanishing around
the orange-tree clump. Then he was going
into a new life. Now, also.

        WITHIN two hours he was a
member of the Foreign Legion,
and in the Belfort barracks,
awaiting his assignment to a
central unit. Grinning boys—many of
them reminded him of Zimmer—chatted in
German. They were Alsatians. At the
last moment, the queer call had come to
them, they had felt that their place was with
the French, Two days later he left Belfort
for the rear areas, for Lyons. On the train
he heard various rumors: The French had
smashed the German Army in Alsace, had
taken Mulhausen, which was again called
74

Adventure

Mulhouse. The gray tide of Prussians, Ba-
varians, Saxons, was flooding through
Belgium. Liege was holding out. He
wrote to his parents. His first doubts had
vanished. His whole soul was in the fight.

  The letter from his mother came. The
first paragraphs were the usual news. His
mother was hoping that he would not be
hurt, that all would be over before his time
came. Then, in the next line, she told him
that she knew he would distinguish himself.
Chaptel smiled, thinking that she wanted
nothing less than a war with the maximum
of success and honors and the minimum of
danger for her only son.

  The last item made him start: —

  There is a Providence watching over you, Ed-
mond. When I got to the station, I saw many
gendarmes and policemen. They were arresting
men bound for Switzerland. It seems that no one
whose business is not absolutely clear will escape
investigation. I am sure that if you had tried to go
you would have been caught, and sent back to that
awful place. I was still wondering at the time why
I told you to go. I guess I felt it inside me, as we
mothers do.

  “Lucky there’s a Providence for men
with careless mothers!” Chaptel muttered.
“If that letter had been ripped open by an
officer I’d be in a mess!” Looking more
closely at the envelope, he saw a seal, that
of his battalion commander. The letter
had been opened.

  This meant another few days worry for
him. Needless worry, it proved. For
after an inspection, previous to entraining
for the front, the major beckoned to Chap-
tel.

  “Your name is Henri Zimmer?”

  “Oui, mon commandant.”

  “You’re an Alsatian, aren’t you?”

  Chaptel breathed an answer.

  “Then you’re in the right place,” the
major went on. “I expect great things from
you, my lad. Alsatians are our best sol-
diers.”

         FOR two years, Chaptel fought
in all the engagements in which
the Foreign Legion took part.
He was with the men who went
over the top in the unit’s initial assault in
the Great War, on December 22nd, 1914,
north of Prunay, during the retaking of
Zouaves’ Wood. On the 9th of May, 1915,
he left the trenches of France and with the
others entered the famous White Works, or
Hill 140. He saw Majors Noire, Muller and

Gaubert fall. He was alive and unhurt at
the end.

  In the Legion there was no half-way
mark; either one distinguished ones self, or
was killed. Chaptel came out and was
decorated: Medaille Militaire, and the in-
separable Croix de Guerre. September 28,
1915, he went forward again in the fierce
assault that just fell short of ending the
War. He was a sergeant then. He took a
satisfactory part in the attack on Navarin
Farm and the fighting in the wood about
that place. The Cross of the Legion of
Honor joined the first two.

  These engagements had taken many men.
The two regiments of the Legion were re-
formed into one, under Lieutenant-Colonel
Cot. As part of the celebrated Moroccan
Division, the regiment was called when
veteran troops were needed, troops that
could suffer immense losses, and keep after
their objective. There never has existed,
throughout the history of the world, a bet-
ter fighting aggregation than the war time
Legion Etrangere.

  In July, 1916, Chaptel received his first
wound; a shell splinter in the left side.
That was during the bayonet charge into
Belloy. He took this opportunity to ask
for a transfer into the aviation. His record,
the intelligence he had shown in handling
situations within his scope, made this easy.
January, 1917, found him an Adjutant, pilot
of a chase plane.

  His success was almost immediate. He
had that rare gift, a flying sense. He was
at once cool and audacious. He had the
mental balance to discriminate between
necessary daring and rashness. A mis-
sion entrusted to him was fulfilled.

  It was the custom, in his squad, to paint a
distinguishing design on the individual
planes. When asked what mark he pre-
fered, Chaptel impulsively suggested a huge
pip of spades. Many thought this a con-
ceit. Chaptel was considered an ace, for he
had long before brought down his fifth
plane.

  The design caught the fancy of the troop-
ers in the trenches. They referred to him as
L’As de Pique, the Ace of Spades, and in-
variably saluted when he flew over. Among
men in the service, he was well known, well
liked. His unselfishness was proverbial. A
tale ran the rounds of the various fields: A
very young pilot, newly decorated, due for
leave, had evidenced traces of nervousness
Knaves of Spades

75

before his last flight. Chaptel had just re-
turned from a flight over the lines, had
hoisted himself into the boy’s machine, and
before any protest could be made, was off.

  As is the way, other decorations added to
the first three. A trip to northern France,
on the small sector held by the combined
French and Belgian forces, had netted him
the British cross, and two Belgian crosses.
In the courteous exchange of decorations by
various allied governments, he reaped a rich
harvest.

  Of the end of the war he never thought.
There was little possibihty that he would
escape death. Men as able as he were being
brought down every day. But his luck was
holding firm.

  Late in 1917 he was summoned by his
flight commander. A reporter for L Illus-
tration asked for an interview and a pho-
tograph.

  “Nothing doing,” he told the officer
shortly. “You know I avoid that sort of
thing, mon Commandant. It’s a principle
with me.”

  “You know, Zimmer, this excessive mod-
esty borders on conceit? Your comrades
submit to the ordeal, and you should.
Moreover, you don’t belong to yourself, but
to the aviation. Your fame is also that of
your comrades. I don’t know if I am quite
qualified to give you orders on that score,
but I wish you would do as I suggest.”

   Chaptel hesitated.

   “I cannot allow my picture to be printed,”
he declared. “I realize that my behavior
seems queer. But I assure you, Major, it
is best for me to remain in obscurity.”

   “What’s at the back of all this, Zimmer?”
the officer asked bruskly. “You evidently
fear recognition. You’ve known me several
months, I have seen you rise from adjutant
to lieutenant, and you know that you have
acquired my esteem. Something more than
a youthful pecadillo is needed to change me.
Don’t allow your face to be published. But
trust me. I’m not curious. I take you for
what you are. But I’m sure that things
are not as grave as they seem to you.”

  “They are, Major. First of all, my name
is not Henri Zimmer.”
i “I suspected as much. Give me credit
for a little intelligence. What’s that dread
secret of yours?”

  “I’m an ex-convict. No, not even that,
an escaped convict. I’m wanted in Cay-
enne.”

  “No more than here! I don’t believe you
stole.”

  “No, Major.”

  “Then you killed a man, for private rea-
sons. You have, to my knowledge killed
thirty-eight for France. The nation should
forgive one killing in exchange for thirty-
eight! The war has altered things. If
you haven’t earned a pardon I’ll turn
monk! I congratulate you in advance,

Lieutenant-”

  He hesitated.

  “Edmond Chaptel. But I never achieved
distinction as a criminal, Major.”

  He went on and explained his position.
The officer listened until he was through,
then shrugged. “Something wrong with our
laws,” he said. “The chief culprit seems to
be the government, which does not separate
the accidental offender from the hardened
criminal.”

  Chaptel smiled.

  “Before the war, Major, if I had told you
my story, what would you have said? If I
were not decorated on every seam what
would you think of me?”

  “What I do now. You were a misguided
kid, that’s the story. You trot out, give
the interview, pause for the photographer.
I’m due for a leave tomorrow. I’ll see men
I know in Paris, will go as far as the presi-
dent if need be, and I’ll be back with a full
pardon and rehabilitation papers before a
week. Do you want to change your name?”
“No. It was good enough to protect me,
I’ll keep it while in the army. There’s a
private in the American Army who is glad
that I bear that name. He claims me as a
cousin. The name sticks.”

THE major was as good as his
word. He brought back the
promised pardon. There had
been little difficulty. The ques-
tion of rehabilitating men who had fought
for France had been discussed. A law
would ultimately be passed by the Cham-
bers to effect this automatically.

  It was passed and is known as the Law
of March 19, 1919.

  The article concerning Lieutenant Zim-
mer, Ace of Spades, appeared in L’Illustra-
tion. Chaptel grinned when he saw his
likeness and imagined the effect of Marietti,
Bichet and Magre, should the magazine ever
come into their hands, and provided the war
had spared them.
76

Adventure

   The publicity had one unforeseen result,
however. A staff machine drove into the
yard, and Chaptel was summoned. It was
Lespart, who had acquired the rank of
major—and lost an arm.

   Chaptel explained everything.

  They talked of the prison camp. Les-
part had not lost interest in the penal ques-
tion. But the changing of rules and habit
would be hard to perform. As long as men
wished to defeat the well-intentioned mea-
sures of the higher officers, sergeants would
become brutal, and costauds would flourish.

  Chaptel, who was not altogether free
from superstition, felt that his luck had been
pushed too hard. And he was right. What
his enemies could not do, a stupid accident
managed to accomplish. Returning from a
flight over the lines, a stay on his machine
snapped, somehow strangled into the whirl
of the propeller—and Chaptel broke both
legs.

  Followed months in the hospitals. His
legs set slowly. There were longer months,
convalescing, moving about on crutches.
But this had a compensation; it gave his
parents a chance to exhibit him. Slowly
but surely the rumor spread that he had
been unjustly condemned to the Bat’d’ Af,
and that the president of the republic him-
self had apologized for the mistake.

  At last he was permitted to resume
' service, not at the front, however, but in
the aviation school at Pau. His request
for action was accepted too late for him to
return to the front. The armistice was
signed.

  He located Zimmer. The reunion was
attended with much drinking and reminis-
cent joking. The Alsatian, however, was
never quite at ease until the two doffed
their coats in the seclusion of the hotel room,
to smoke, drink beer and play cards. Even
then, every few minutes, Zimmer would
beam.

   “Eh, my birth certificate, it brings you
luck!”

  Months later, Chaptel was in Paris.
Leaving a dinner party early to take a train
home, where he had been promised employ-
ment in a manufacturing plant, he was con-
cious of being followed.

   A nervousness he had not felt for years
crept over him. Turning swiftly around a
corner, he managed to catch a glimpse of

his pursuer. Duval, there was no mistak-
ing. His first action was undignified. He
ran. The instinct had been too strong.
People he jostled looked at him in surprize.
He realized that he still wore a uniform.
He should be through with craven actions
by now.

  He stopped and waited.

  Duval wore a uniform, that of a corporal
of infantry.

  Duval saluted.

  “I recognized you, mon Lieutenant, and I
thought I’d say hello for old time’s sake.”
“How are you, Duval. What are you
doing?”

  “My term was up in Sixteen, and I was
sent to the front with the battalion. I be-
haved myself, as you see. I’m a corporal
already, and will be a sergeant soon. I’m
only thirty-eight, and in fifteen years can be
pensioned.” Duval paused, embarrassed.
“About what happened—back there—it was
all a mistake. You weren’t one of us. But
I didn’t know.”

  There was a silence. Neither man knew
what to say next. Duval recovered first.
Again, he saluted.

  “Good-by, mon Lieutenant!” '

  Left alone, Chaptel walked rapidly. He
must make that train. The position might
not be open for long.

  “Strange thing,” he mused. “Duval
turning honest and straight. But—I feel
sorry for him. The other way he was more
—more himself—more picturesque.”

  He could find no words to fit his senti-
ment. Was not a placid sergeant of in-
fantry better than a Knave of Spades? And
yet, Duval seemed like a lion in a cage.

  “What about me?” Chaptel asked himself
suddenly. “Do I fit in as a manager of a
factory? Isn’t it just as ridiculous for me
to go back and live like a middle-aged man
of leisure?”

  He halted suddenly—the vision of long
years of steady work, never moving from
the narrow bounds of his native town. He
stood still heedless of the crowd brushing
by him. Then, swiftly, he made his de-
cision, entered a cafe, sought a telephone.

  A well-known voice answered.

  “Hello, Major!” said Chaptel. “I’ve
changed my mind. Still time to enter a
plane in that Paris-Dakar flight? Yes—fine
—yes, Major! Three days from now--”
INFERNAL INGENUITY

by Arthur Woodward

S'™™™” OMEWHERE in the oozy mud of
the Hudson River near the city of
Yonkers, New York, lies the rot-
—J ting wreckage of a small sloop.
In that wreckage reposes the oaken rem-
nants of the Turtle, the first submarine ever
used by the United States in warfare against
an invading enemy.

 In the early autumn of 1776 when Gen-
eral Washington was laying plans for the
defense of Manhattan Island against the
combined land and sea forces of Lord Howe
and his Hessian allies, David Bushnell, an
inventive young genius of Saybrook, Con-
necticut, brought before Washington the
plans for an underwater vessel to be used
in the destruction of the English shipping
in New York harbor.

 This extraordinary machine, according
to an account given in the journal of Dr.
James Thacher, a surgeon in the Conti-
nental Army, was constructed of wood and
“the external appearance of the torpedo
bears some resemblance to two upper tor-
toise shells, of equal size placed in contact,
leaving, at that part which represents the
head of the animal, a flue or opening
sufficiently capacious to contain the oper-
ator and to support him thirty minutes.”

  At the bottom, opposite the entrance, was
a quantity of lead for ballast. The opera-
tor sat upright, using one oar for rowing
either forward or backward, and was also
provided with a rudder for steering his craft.

 A valve in the floor compartment ad-
mitted water when the operator wished to
descend, and it is related that the tiny ship
could descend with ease to any depth and
rise to the surface when the water was
ejected through two brass force pumps. It
was rendered perfectly water-tight through-
out and was equipped with glass windows
for the admission of light and with ventila-
tors and air pipes to be used when the craft
was running awash with the surface.

  In the rear of the submarine, just over
the rudder, was located the “torpedo,”
made of two pieces of oak timber hollowed
out and filled with 150 pounds of powder
with a clockwork attachment on the in-
side which was only released when the

magazine was unscrewed by the operator.
The clockwork was so arranged that it
could be fired any time within twelve hours
by the gun lock attachment connected with
the explosive. A wooden screw for the
purpose of fastening the infernal machine
to the bottom or side of the target was also
manipulated by the pilot, after he had
drilled a hole with the augur carried for that
special work.

  The Turtle gave promise of revolution-
izing naval warfare, and both General
Washington and Major-General Israel Put-
nam, who was in charge of the defense prep-
arations of the City at the time, were keenly
interested in the curious invention.

  When the vessel was finally completed
and tested out, it was determined by Gen-
eral Putnam to put it into good use. The
first vessel picked as the victim was the
British flag-ship Eagle, a handsome man-
of-war of sixty-four guns, then lying at
anchor in the Inner Bay, not far from
Governor’s Island.

  It so happened that Bushnell’s brother,
who had been instructed in the operation
of the submarine, was taken suddenly sick.
Sergeant Ezra Lee, afterwards made a
Captain, of a Connecticut regiment, was
hastily initiated into the mysteries of the
mechanics of the craft. He embarked one
night in October, 1776, with the powder
magazine in place, ready to blow up the
proud ship of the line.

  Sergeant Lee submerged and reached the
Eagle in safety. Unfortunately, in at-
tempting to drill a hole in the wooden
timbers near the rudder hinge, he struck an
iron bar passing from the rudder hinge to
the ship’s quarter and was unable to at-
tach the wooden screw. A movement of
his hand six inches one way or the other
would have crowned his efforts with suc-
cess, but the sergeant, unused to maneuver-
ing around under the keel of a British war-
ship, lost all sense of direction and, in
shifting the position of his craft, lost the
British ship also.

  After seeking her in vain, by groping at
random under the water, he finally ascended
to the surface some distance from the
78

Adventure

ship and, finding daylight well advanced,
thought it imprudent to renew the attempt
and set out for the shore. On passing
Governor’s Island, then occupied by the
enemy, he feared he was discovered and,
imagining that the torpedo retarded his
progress, cast it off. It exploded one hour
later, “throwing a vast column of water to
an amazing height in the air, and leaving
the enemy to conjecture whether the stu-
pendous noise was produced by a bomb, a
meteor, a waterspout or an earthquake.”

  Lack of resources put an end to further
experimentation. The submarine, with a
new torpedo, was loaded on a small sloop
which for safety sake was anchored under the
protection of the guns of Fort Washington.

  Treachery on the part of deserters from
the garrison in Fort Washington or the in-
formation of spies caused the British fleet,
which had hitherto remained practically in-
active during the construction of the ob-
struction across the Hudson River at
Jeffry’s Hook where the light house now
stands, to get ready for sudden action.

  Early on the morning of Wednesday,
October 9th, not long after the unsuccessful
attempt to blow up the Eagle, the British
frigate Phoenix accompanied by the Roebuck
a frigate of thirty-two guns, the Tartar of
twenty guns, and three tenders stood up
the river towards Fort Washington frighten-
ing the sloop bearing the submarine and
another schooner laden with sugar and run
into hasty flight.

  The contest was unequal. The schooner
was speedily captured while the sloop which
had reached a point opposite Yonkers was
sent to the bottom with a few well directed
shots, where it probably lies to this day.
Thus ended the first attempt at submarine
warfare in North American waters.

ANOTHER ingenious use of an
infernal machine in the early
days occurred when the first
flood of emigrants pushing west-
ward over the Alleghanies, at the conclu-
sion of the Revoluntionary War, spread out
along the timbered creeks and lowlands of
Kentucky and Ohio, the salt springs on
Salt Creek, a tributary of the Scioto not
far from Chillicothe, were deemed rare
prizes.

  Prior to the coming of the whites, the
Indians frequented the “licks” and ob-
tained their supply of salt from them.

After the whites came, the Indians used the
springs as points of ambush, and many a
luckless settler lost his scalp or was car-
ried into captivity when seeking the
precious salt.

  The old Scioto salt works were among
the first worked by the whites in Ohio,
having been known and recognized on
maps since 1755. In the year 1798 wells
were sunk to the depth of about thirty feet
and the salt, obtained from the evaporation
of the water, was taken from the kettles on
packhorses to the various settlements and
sold for three or fouj dollars per bushel.
This practise was continued until as late as
1808. In fact, so important' were these"
springs considered that, when Ohio was
formed into a state in 1802, Congress
enacted a measure setting aside a tract six
miles square embracing the springs in
order that the new state might benefit from
the revenue thereof.

    As might be expected, the regular
workers of the salt works, when the lots
along the creek were rented by the state to
private owners, were a coarse, reckless set,
on par with the charcoal burners and boat-
men.

  It was among this roystering crew that
an expression originated which existed in
Ohio until after 1846 namely: “To shoot one
with a pack saddle.” The saying came
about in this manner.

  A traveller having come on horseback
for some distance to the Scioto salt works
to purchase salt had his pack saddle stolen
by the “boilers” and used in the furnace for
fuel. Being outnumbered, and realizing
that he could obtain no legitimate redress
from such a crowd, he loaded his horse with
salt and went his way, determining how-
ever not to be caught napping a second
time.

  Not long afterward he again had occasion
to make the journey to the works, and on
making camp threw his pack saddle care-
lessly to one side and prepared to pass the
night. When the boilers thought he was
asleep, they again stole his saddle and
threw it into the furnace. It had been
there but a short time when a terrific ex-
plosion ensued and furnace, boilers and all
appliances were hurtled in every direction.
The saddle had been carefully loaded with
gunpowder. Needless to say, the salt pur-
chaser never lost another pack saddle at
that camp.
Top Horse from Hog jaw

 &y Alan LeMay*^

Author of “‘Mustang Breed,” “The Three Missing Men,” etc.

“ VV7 HISKERS” Beck very deliber-
11/ ately turned where he sat and
VV subjected Bob Crowe of the
LLL) J Z to a curious stare. Then
he snickered faintly and turned away.

 “Now just what the -,” demanded

Bob Crowe testily, “do you mean by that?”
In the flickering firelight Bob seemed to
consist chiefly of a tall pair of angular
propped-up knees.

  Whiskers lit a crooked cigaret, flicked a
spark out of his brushy white beard and
grinned. A young puncher, strange to the
country, might have seen trouble ahead.
But Whiskers had ridden for the neighbor-
ing Triangle R for ten years, and knew ex-
actly which end of his rope the hondo was in.

  “Belt may be a good cow hoss,” he con-
ceded. “Ain’t sayin’ he ain’t. But when
yuh cracks out that he’s two jumps an’ a
long spit ahead of anything in the country,
I guess yuh ain’t includin’ my hoss
Brandy!”

  Whiskers looked around at the twenty-
odd riders who lounged about the tiny fire
in the starlight. He was a long way from
home. Old Man Rutherford, owner of the
Triangle R, had decided to represent him-
self at the fall round-up of the J. Z, and
Whiskers was accompanying him. But the
ancient cowboy knew that he was still
among friends.

“Brandy,” he went on, “ain’t limited to
the brains o’ the man what taught him,

namely me. He picked up his own eddica-
tion where I left it off, an’ carried it on his-
self to where it’s complete!”

 “Mebbe so,” Bob Crowe answered.
“But Belt, he was born a cut-horse. Teach-
in’ him the ways o’ the critters is just like
showin’ a gopher how to get hisself into a
hole.”

  “Lemme tell yuh somethin’ Brandy
done,” said Whiskers. “I had Brandy
punch a wet cow out o’ the main herd an’
over to the cuttin’ grounds. But the cow
an’ calf had some way got pried loose, one
from t’other, in the main herd. Anyways,
when we gets to the cut, the calf ain’t
there. Ridin’ back into the herd, Brandy
starts workin’ sudden without no sign from
me. I sits quiet to find out what’s his idee.

Well, sir, -if he ain’t smelled out that

li’l bawlin’ calf an’ is cuttin’ her out to take
back to her maw!”

  “That ain’t nothin’. Here’s a sample o’
Belt’s regular work,” said Bob Crowe.
“I rides into the main herd with Belt an’
picks a critter for the cut. Somethin’ is
funny about the way he’s workin’. Real
contrary, not mindin’ what I say more’n
half the time. We gets to the edge o’ the
herd, an’ I finds that Belt has cut out the
critter I picked all right, an’ two more,
three to oncet, an’ all three J Zs!”

  There was a moment’s silence. Then—
“First liar ain’t got no chance,” said a
voice in the background.

79
8o

Adventure

  “Listen to what my horse Spare-Ribs
done,” spoke up “Heavy” Landor, from
the Sawbuck outfit.

  He was a merry fat man, not too tall, with
a short, child-like face and a perpetual
twinkle in his eye.

  “I’m ridin’ through the herd when I falls
off. See? I falls off. O’ course, right
there I has a chance to get trompled on
’cause when I falls off I gets knocked in-
conscious.”

  “More so "than usual?” asked a voice
from the shadows.

  “Yeah,” said Heavy, “but not so much
as you. So what does Spare-Ribs do but
turn around an’ pick me up by the seat
o’ the pants with his teeth, an’ rush me
right out o’ the herd!”

  “Shut up, Heavy,” ordered Whiskers.
“Me an’ Bob is tryin’ to do some serious

lyin’. Now my hoss Brandy once-”

  “Shucks,” said Bob Crowe, “yuh see?
That just goes to show that if a man ain’t
seen Belt he ain’t seen a cow horse. If I
mention the least little thing Belt does, it’s a
sign for all an’ sundry to break out with the
tallest lies they can think up.”

  “Prob’ly,” Whiskers admitted, “you was
real lucky to get Belt cut to your string.
But-”

  “String nothin’!” Bob Crowe protested.
“Belt’s my own horse what I won in a poker
game at Hogjaw. Represented ten hun-
derd dollars in the pot, Belt did. An’
wasn’t throwed in till his owner was cleaned
stripped down to a whistle an’ a brag!”
“That explains it,” Whiskers pointed out.
“Any man has a right to ’pologize for the
hoss he atcherly owns.”

  “You own Brandy?” Bob suggested.
“Nope. Brandy’s just a ordinary hoss in
a string. But he’s had trainin’.”

  “You make me tired,” said Bob Crowe
frankly. “I suppose you ain’t got Brandy
along. O’ course not. The best horse is
always the one that’s somewheres else.
But I’m sayin’ that if he was here, why

I’d bet my socks an’ boots-”

  “Brandy’s here,” said Whiskers. “In
person.”

Bob Crowe considered for a long moment.
“We start cutting tomorrow,” he said.
“I’ll just put up Belt against Brandy in
the regular work, leave anybody judge, an’
betcha fifty dollars!”

  Whiskers grinned. “Hate to take your
money, Bob. ’Taint right.”

  “You’re scairt!”

  A chuckle whispered among the lounging
punchers, discreetly suppressed, but evi-
dent. Whiskers’ eyes twinkled. He shifted
from his elbow to a sitting position, causing
his bald head to shine in the little flicker of
firelight.

  “Yes?” said he. “Well, I’ll jest raise
yuh a hunderd!”

  Then, as Bob Crowe hesitated, and bit
his sandy moustache, “Hate to make yuh
ride all winter in the cold, Bob. Gets into
yore summer’s pay pretty heavy, does it?”
“Nope. I ain’t figurin’ to lose. I was
jest wonderin’ how fer I could raise without
shovin’ yuh off the table!”

  “Might try.”

  “I got a quarter section o’ land down
Tunka way,” said Bob. “Wasn’t worth
nothin’ until they started to irrigate.
Ought to be worth severeal thousand by
now. I raise yuh that against what have
yuh?”

  “Dunno what yore land’s worth,” said
Whiskers, “but seein’s I can’t lose, it’s all
jest velvet to me. I got eighty head, meb-
be more, runnin’ on the Triangle R range.
Good mixed stock. I’ll put up them.”
“They’ll do,” agreed Bob. “You just
callin’?”

  “Nossir! I’m raisin’!”

  By this time other figures about the fire
were beginning to sit up and take notice.

  “I’m perpared to surprize yuh. I got
more’n four hundred actchal dollars in the
bank at Spring River. I confronts yuh
with them!”

  “Leave me ask one thing,” said Heavy
Landor, “so’s I’ll know whether to turn in
or not yet. How much o’ this foohshness
goes an’ how much is wind?”

  “All goes,” grunted Bob. “I’m ser’ous.
That right Whiskers?”

  Whiskers nodded.

  “Mister,” Bob went on, shoving back his
big hat to scratch his head, “that sure was
a potent raise. Hardly know what to
match yuh with. Might put in my saddle
for two hunderd. Nope. I puts up Belt
an’ calls it a raise o’ six hunderd!”

  “Whoopee! Cowboy, yuh sure do value
that hoss when speakin’ in terms of other
people’s money. Won’t do, nossir!”
“What’s the reason it won’t do?”

  “Cause I can buy me assorted broom-
tails, all sizes, at anywhere from four bits
to three blankets,” said Whiskers.
Top Horse from Hog jaw

81

  “Cowhorses like Belt? No sirree!
Money won’t buy ’em!”

  “I’m laughin’,” said Whiskers. “But
then mebbe I took advantage on yuh in
that last raise. I tell yuh. I’ll make yuh
a proposition jest so’s you can suck along
to the show-down. You put up Belt, an’
I’ll admit I’m called. Called but not
raised, how’s that!”

  “All right. I ain’t one to dicker over a
sure thing.”

  “Seems like we oughta have jedges,”
said Whiskers. “Jest to avoid argyment
and misonderstandin’.”

  “You pick one an’ I’ll pick one an’ we’ll
agree on one, assumin’ such a thing can be

did,” said Bob Crowe.

  “I picks the Old Man,” Whiskers said.
“Kelleher?” asked Bob in surprize.
“Bein’ J Z boss, looks like he knows.”

  “Rutherford,” said Whiskers. “Guess
you forget that my Old Man is representin’
the Triangle R his own self at this J Z
works.”

  “No,” boomed a big voice from the other
side of the fire. “I can’t do it. I got a
side bet up!”

  “Wad Peters, then, from the B 5.”
  “Gosh,” was Peter’s only comment.

  “I pick Kelleher hisself,” said Bob.
“Who yuh want for third man?”

  “Heavy Landor,” said Whiskers. “Him
an’ me was in a shootin’ scrape on two
opposite sides. Consekently, he’ll gimme
square deal, for fear it won’t look right!”
Heavy Landor laughed merrily.

  “You sure don’t hold a grudge, much!”
  “Neither d’ you,” Whiskers added.

  “I’m plumb amazed,” Bob Crowe stated.
“But it suits me!”

 /"3Kn WHISKERS, always a handy
man when there was eating to
be done, finished breakfast early.
He had saddled Brandy and was
already astride when Bob Crowe walked out
to the edge of the remuda. By daylight
Bob Crowe was a lean, horse-faced man
whose sense of humor was concealed by a
permanently sorrowful expression and a
dejected mustache.

  After some moments Bob Crowe emerged
from the remuda leading an unprepossess-
ing-looking pony of a dusty, dun color.
About all that could be said for Belt’s
build was that he was close-knit. He was
stocky, bumpy of knee and short of pastern;

his neck was inclined to the ewe pattern,
and he carried his head straight forward
on a dead level. The only promise to be
found in his appearance was in a certain
brightness of eye, which may mean several
things or nothing at all.

  Enthusiastic J Z punchers whose eyes
ran from Belt to Brandy and back again,
admitted that a comparison of looks left
Belt looking pretty ratty. Brandy, a big,
brock-faced chestnut, of rich, bright color,
stood arch-necked and alert. He had bucked
a few rods at first mounting, with Whiskers
making fun of him the while; and now
pawed and danced as the old cowboy tried
to hold him in one place.

  Brandy happened to be still for a few
moments as Belt was led out. And during
those moments Whiskers sat like a statue,
staring at Bob Crowe’s horse. Then he
silently wheeled Brandy and, riding to
where Old Man Rutherford was saddling,
he dismounted and walked close to the boss
of the Triangle R.

  “Big boy,” he said, “did you put a bet
on Brandy?”

  “I sure did,” said the Old Man.

  “Was it much?”

  Rutherford grinned and spat.

  “Much? You know that spring we call
the Lobo Hole, where I want to build a
camp?”

  “The one you an’ Hack Berringer is
figgerin’ to lawsuit about?”

“Yep. Hack Berringer claims it for his
Sawbuck outfit. I say it’s mine. Well,
sir, I just bet Hack Berringer all rights on
the Lobo Hole, on your horse, that’s all!”
Whiskers looked sick.

  “You seen Bob’s Belt hoss?”

  “Nope.”

  “Take a look!”

  Rutherford looked a good long look.
Then the men looked at each other.

  “What’ll we do?” asked Whiskers.

  “Do? Ain’t nothin’ to do. We bet
didn’t we?”

  Rutherford shrugged.

   “ ’Cept you get in there an’ ride, cowboy!
You ride an’ we’ll beat him yet! Brandy’s
no slouch, hisself, Whiskers.”

  “All an’ sundry know that he ain’t!”
said Whiskers, turning away.

  “Yuh look scairt, Whiskers!” sung out a
grinning cowboy as he cinched.

  “Mighty fine lookin’ hoss, that Belt,”
said Whiskers. “Guess I’ll have to sit in
82

Adventure

the saddle after all. Course, I was jest
goin’ to send Brandy into the herd by
hisself.”

  “Better had, Whiskers. You’re gettin’
too old to be climbin’ on horses!”

  “Yep, pretty old,” Whiskers agreed good-
naturedly. “Wouldn’t b’lieve, to look at
me, that I’ll be only ninety-seven come
Christmas, now would yuh?”

  Rutherford walked over to Joe Kelleher,
boss of the J Z.

  “Joey,” he said, “was this bet the boys
made put in writin’?”

  “Sure was, Ben. No argyments for me,
not while I’m in the embarrassin’ position
o’ judge!”

  “Leave me see.”

  Joe Kelleher unbuttoned the pocket of
a tawny shirt that had once been orange,
and dug out a crumpled piece of paper,
torn from the back of the tally book. He
handed it to Rutherford.

  This odd document, when deciphered, read
as follows:

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:

   I bets that a horse eddicated by me can beat any
cowhorse eddicated elsewhere, in all round work,
speed on the straightaway barred. Or anyways,
that Bob Crowe can not prove different this round
up.

  G. Halford Beck, namely Whiskers.

   I bets that such is not by no means the case.

  Robt. Crowe.

  P. S. We both agree that what the judges says
goes without argument.

  “It sure took a pile o’ hagglin’ to perduce
that same,” said Joe Kelleher. “Look all
right to you?”

  “Yep.” Old Man Rutherford ran a big
hand over his craggy face and gazed for a
moment at the irregular horizon. “Well,”
he concluded as he turned away, “we’ll
see what time’ll deal out!”

SOME hours later Joe Kelleher
sat his horse somewhat apart
from the herd, watching oper-
ations with a clouded brow.
Beneath a blazing, cloudless sky, a vast
puddle of cattle milled with a ceaseless
revolving, shuffling movement, held in by
the circle riders. Repeatedly a lone critter,
bellowing with wrath and hurt feelings,
bolted out of the herd, hazed by a close-
ridden horse; tried to head back and was
finally delivered at one of the smaller pud-
dles that were the cuts.

  When chance arose Joe Kelleher called
Heavy Landor and Wad Peters to him.
“What time is it, Heavy?”

  Heavy drew out a nickel-plated watch.
“Five minutes of.”

  “Of what?”

  The hefty puncher shot a calculating
glance at the sun.

  “Well, I sh’d say eleven.”

  “But what does the watch say?” de-
manded Kelleher.

  “It don’t. Hour hand busted off two
years back. Tells how close it is, but don’t
say to what.”

  “Well, ’t any rate, it’s gettin’ on toward
noon. Bob an’ Whiskers will straddle
fresh horses, an’ ’fore then we’ve got to fig-
ure out who wins this-fool cow horse

contest. An’ right now I want to say I
wisht I was in no way connected with it!”
“Me too!” said Heavy.

  “Gosh,” remarked Wad Peters contem-
platively.

  “Powerful lot o’ bettin’ ’mongst the boys.
My own cook has let out more’n six hun-
dred dollars in bettin’ on Brandy, he bein’
contrary an’ always likin’ to run down the
outfit he’s with. Guess he must o’ win a
crap game before he come here. Near all
the boys has a slice.”

  “Tom Badgery an’ Slick Henning, with
me, is sunk on Brandy, too,” said Wad
Peters. “Clean down to their saddles an’
irons.”

  “An’ Newt Wattrous, o’ my outfit, he’s
on Brandy. And your man Blackie Bender,
what used to be a faro dealer. Oh, your
J Z rannies found some takers, Mister
Kelleher!”

  “There’s goin’ to be a heap o’ argyment
if our decision is the least bit over-ripe,”
said Kelleher. “Which do yuh like?”

  The punchers looked blank.

  “Which has cut out the most cows?”
asked Heavy.

  Kelleher shook his head.

  “That don’t signify. Seems like Bob is
a few ahead. But Whiskers has been han-
dlin’ some terrible snaky stock. One of
’em was the king of the rattlesnakes for
sure. All the boys stopped work to watch
an’ holler!”

  “Don’t think Belt hasn’t been doin’
some pretty work, nuther,” said Wad
Peters. “I never in my life see two such
ponies in one remuda. Belt goes at it like
each critter was his last chance at somethin’
Top Horse from Hog jaw •

83

to eat. Look now! Boy! Didja see him
take a steak off that blue steer with his
teeth!”

  “Brandy ain’t exactly nailed to one
place,”. Heavy offered. “He can step
around some too. Puts me in mind of a
spider on a stove!”

  “Beautiful horse, Brandy,” said Kelleher.
“A real pitcher.”

  “Didja notice Bob holdin’ his hands over

his head on that last one? - if that

horse needs a bridle a-tall.”

  “Shucks. Whiskers has had his reins
tied to the horn for a hour. Those boys
start ’em with their legs an’ the horse does
the rest.”

  “That Brandy has a powerful lot of
bottom,” said Heavy. “Dancin’ all the
way.”

“An’ Belt is just one chunk o’ tough
leather, an’ gamer than a buck flea on wash
day,” said Kelleher. “Boys, I’m worried.”
“I can’t offer no decision. Mebbe we
should call it a draw,” said Wad Peters.

  “Leave me an’ Mr. Kelleher get about
four miles start—then you announce it,”
said Heavy Landor pityingly. “I’ll take
a chance with one faction against me, but
there ain’t no percentage in havin’ ’em all
land on yuh at once!”

  “I s’pose if worse comes to more so, we
can make ’em ride again this afternoon,”
said Kelleher. “Though ’tain’t hardly
right.”

  “Whiskers would quit cold, ’fore he’d
risk spoilin’ that chestnut,” Wad Peters
opined.

  “I got it!” yelped Heavy. “I sees a way
whereby we’ll get out o’ this alive an’
happy 1”

  “For --’s sake, how?” demanded Kel-
leher.

  “Take both boys into the middle o’ the
herd. Post a rider at north an’ south for
markers. Then make ’em each try for the
same steer, one to cut him to the east, the
other to the west!”

  “Bust me for a wool-duster,” said Kelle-
her, “if I don’t think he has it!”

  “One side o’ the herd may be closer set,”
objected Peters. “An’ who’s to say which
is the middle?”

  “Leave Bob post the markers an’ pick the
middle,” said Heavy, “then give Whiskers
choice o’ sides.”

  “I guess that does it,” Wad Peters ad-
mitted.

  “Boy, you got a head that would crack
an ax,” declared Kelleher, “an’ I’m for yub!

You agreeable, Wad?”

   “Let ’er rip!”

       BOB CROWE welcomed the idea
       with enthusiasm, and Whiskers,
       though looking a little dubious,
       agreed to make the test.

  Riders to act as markers were posted to
the north and south of the herd. It was
agreed that fifty yards outside of the near-
est. three cattle at the edge of the herd
would be the point at which the critter
would be considered cut. Within that
distance the losing rider might still attempt
to turn the animal back. In case of doubt
as to which side the contested animal was
brought out on, the direction in which
the animal passed beyond the markers was
to decide.

  Kelleher rode into the herd with Bob and
Whiskers, and the former picked the center.

  “That red steer,” said he.

  “I’ll cut to the west,” said Whiskers
instantly.

  Kelleher rode between them until he
could touch their shoulders with his out-
spread arms. Then, “Take ’im away!”
And the ponies leaped to their work.

  The judges had anticipated a careful
play of skill and luck, probably lasting
many minutes. To Kelleher’s bewilder-
ment, the contest was over almost before
it was begun.

  Two ponies descended upon the aston-
ished red steer like twin whirlwinds; a snap-
ping rope end made the hair fly on his rump,
and he dodged bellowing into the thick of
the herd.

  Twisting and turning among scrambling
mixed stock, the steer and his hazers bolted
south through the cattle. A temporary
advantage in the shifting of the cattle put
Bob and Belt a little in the lead, and the
steer bent to the east.

  Whiskers and Brandy were clear again.

  “Now, boy!” yelled Whiskers.

  Suddenly Brandy stopped short, so un-
expectedly that Whiskers bent almost
double over the horse’s withers. At that
moment a squalling calf plunged distracted-
ly in front of Belt, and horse and rider went
down. Belt was up almost instantly,
with Bob in the saddle, but they were out
of it. Then—

  Astonished punchers heard Whiskers yell
84

Adventure

at his horse, saw him snatch at the reins
which he had disdained to untie from
the horn. Brandy had perceived a momen-
tary opening in the herd, flashed around
the hindquarters of the fleeing steer to the
opposite side and turned the animal, not
west, but east!

  Whiskers spurred Brandy forward, en-
deavoring to make the turn complete, thus
heading the steer to the west. The red
critter dodged, and cattle surged in between.
The contested animal had neared the east
border of the herd. Belt was shouldering
his way, twisting and turning, through the
cattle. The steer tried to turn back, but
Belt seemed to be on both sides of him at
once.

  Then Belt stretched out a lean, straining
neck, and punished the steer’s rump with a
shearing snap. The next moment that
steer was out of the herd, out of the herd,
unmistakably to the east.

  Whiskers rode slowly into the open and
toward the remuda.

  “ ’Tain’t yore fault,” he muttered, “I
taught yuh that, to work with the other
hoss, an’ not agin’ him!”

  A long rumble of indecent expressions,
peculiarly original and vivid, smoked their
way out of Whiskers’ beard.

THE cook’s horn had blown. A
dozen laughing, jubilant punch-
ers, and a few dejected ones,
had unsaddled, and were drawing
their chuck. Whiskers sat well off to one
side, staring at the crowd without seeing
it, apparently in deep thought. No one
ragged him.

  “Wait now,” protested Blackie Bender
to the six or seven punchers who clamored
about him for their winnings. “Wait up!
Judge’s decision ain’t come in yet! No, I
don’t care how you seen it, Billy, m’ boy.”
Eyes now sought the three judges, and
found them in conference with Old Man
Rutherford three rods away. The Old
Man of the Triangle R was arguing a point
quietly but intensely; and Heavy Landor,
at least, was beginning to look alarmed.

  “Here now!” yelled Hack Berringer.
“Influencin’ the judges don’t go! You
leave the arguin’ to them, Rutherford!”
At this interruption the three men and
Rutherford, still talking in undertones,
began to stroll toward the main group.
The eyes of the judges thoughtfully studied

the ground, their hands sought pockets.
Heavy Landor asked a question, and Joe
Kelleher pulled out the crumpled paper
from his shirt pocket and showed it to him.
Heavy nodded ruefully.

  “Well,” said the boss of the J Z aloud,
“we may as well have it over with now!”
He took back the paper from Heavy and
strode forward.

  The cook stopped dishing out grub. All
waited, some standing near the cook,
others seated cross-legged a little apart,
pans of chuck in their laps.

  “Boys,” said Kelleher, “I guess most of
yuh know me. I guess you’ll all admit that
I stand for square deals. An’ in the first
place I don’t want no rowin’ nor bother

in no shape over this decision. A -

peculiar thing has come up that no one in
no way looked for. Whiskers, and Mr.
Rutherford, too, says that if they’d had any
idea of it they wouldn’t in no case have left
this contest go on. An’ I personally knows
both o’ them to be square.”

  Not a puncher moved. Both factions
stared in noncommital suspense.

  “Speakin’ for the judges, we can’t do this,
or don’t want to unless both contestants
is willin’. But in case both contestants is
agreeable, we’re ready an’ willin’ to call
this no contest, or a draw!”

  “Speakin’ for Whiskers,” Rutherford
spoke up instantly, “he’s agreeable!”

  “Well, I ain’t!” Bob Crowe flashed.

“An’ I think that’s a-of a way to do

things! If that was a draw I’m a Indian!”
A scattering rumble of support came from
the punchers who had put their money ou
Belt.

  “Everybody notice, anyway, what Whisk-
ers an’ me offered to do,” growled Ruther-
ford. “Yuh asked for it, now yuh get it!
Go on, Joey!”

  “The bet reads like this,” said Kelleher,
holding up the wrinkled sheet from the
tally book. “Signed by both contestants.”
He read slowly:

  “To whom it may concern. I bets that
a horse eddicated by me can beat any
horse eddicated elsewhere in all round
work, speed on the straightaway barred.
Or anyways, that Bob Crowe can not prove
different this round-up. Signed, G. Hal-
ford Beck, namely Whiskers. I bets that
such ain’t the case. Robert Crowe.”

  “Well, I done it with Belt,” said Bob.
  “Accordin’ to the way this bet reads,”
Top Horse from Hog jaw

85

said Kelleher weightily, “the decision goes
to Whiskers!”

  There was a moment of open-mouthed
silence, then Kelleher hurried on.

  “Rutherford I know don’t lie. He says
Belt was bred an’ born on the Triangle
R range, out of a mare o’ his named Silver.
He sold the foal to Whiskers, who named
him Bullet, an’ broke him, trained him and
rode him for six years, up until last winter,
when he lost him in a poker game at Hog-
jaw, which same game was the reason
Whiskers did winter ridin’ last winter for
the first time in twenty years.

  “Therefore, Whiskers wins, both horses
bein’ eddicated by him in the first place!”
Another long moment of silence, then
pandemonium broke loose. A dozen ar-
guments were going at once. Blackie
Bender’s right hand snatched at his gun.
Two old hands dropped to their hands
and knees to be out of the line of fire,
just as Heavy Landor grabbed Blackie’s
arm from behind. A general brawl looked
to be the order of the day.

  “Shut up!” bellowed Kelleher, firing his
forty-five into the ground. “I’ll kill the

- that opens his trap! You, Charley,

Hank, Smoky!”

  Again a silence, a most desirable one,
prevailed.

  “This will be reasoned out by the con-
testants and the judges,” continued Ruther-
ford, “an’ all bets will go as they decide.
Now what yuh got to say, Bob?”

  “I say all bets are off but mine,” said
Bob. “I stick. Otherwise, no contest!”
“Whiskers accepts that,” said Rutherford.
“Anybody else that wants to carry on
their bets can make special arrangements
between theirselves, but all previous bets
is off, accordin’ to me.”

  “That goes with the judges,” said Kel-
leher. “An’ the man that gets insultin’
about this has got me on his neck to start
with.”

  “As for me,” Bob went on, “I don’t
back down on my bets with no man.
All I asks for is proof. I bragged, an’
I’ll back my brags. But I think in a
case like this it ain’t right to ask any
man just to go on somebody’s say so,
without no other proof, no matter who
the feller is!”

  “I check that!” said Hack Berringer.
“I never welched on a fair bet yet. The
judges’ final decision holds with me, but
I gotta see proof!”

  “Then our bet stands?” asked Rutherford.

  “Yep! I asks no odds anywhere,” said
Hack.

  “That fair from Whiskers’ lookout?”
Joe Kelleher asked Old Man Rutherford.

  “Check,” said Rutherford.

  “Well, looks like your move, Ben,” Joe
said.

  Rutherford scratched his head. Several
times he opened his mouth and shut it
again. His eyes swept the distance con-
templatively. Then suddenly they came
to rest on something behind the others,
and he grinned.

  “Look yonder,” he said. “There’s all
the proof yuh should want!”

  They looked, and witnessed a rare
phenomenon of the range. A little dis-
tance apart sat Whiskers, hands locked
about his knees, hat down over his
eyes, head bowed in thought. A horse,
strayed from the remuda, was coming
up behind him with nose outstretched.
As they watched, the horse softly
nudged Whiskers’ neck with his nose.
It was Belt!
The

^S.B.H. Hurst

Author of “The Confirmation of Peter,” “Erased,” etc.

I

  T WAS during the afternoon of a
  bleak March day in 1891, in the
  cabin of the Kenyon, as she lay

__in dock loading patent fuel for

the west coast, that Captain Parrot, known
on all the seas as “Hard Case Pol,” first in-
vestigated religion with the assistance of an
expert.

  From the standpoint of morals the cap-
tain needed no teacher, self-control having
been his fetish all his life. He had never
taken a drink or uttered an oath, and his
sixty years were as spotless as a decent
boy’s. Which was unusual. As unusual
as his ability to make a crew quiver with
that bull voice of his while saying words
which might have been said anywhere.
Captains are not known as hard cases be-
cause of gentleness.

  A typical old shell-back, with all the old
shell’s courage and ignorance, his beliefs
embraced a mass of weird and most inti-
mate superstitions. While behind these
was the notion that God captained the uni-
verse much as Pol captained a ship, standing
for stern devotion to duty and punishing
weakness.

  Standing on the poop, Parrot had been
casually calling some man on the main
royal yard a spineless son of a barnacle—
which was his limit of bad language—when
he had chanced to observe one of those gen-

erally kindly preachers who conduct bethels
for sailors on the dock-side. Thus, on this
blustery afternoon, Hard Case_Pol had in-
vited that one into his cabin. The main
result, at first, was the purchase of a case
containing three dozen Bibles and the
captain’s promise to do what he could to
spread the Word. The promise worried
him because he kept his promises and he
could see no possible way of keeping this
one. The possession of the Bibles worried
him still more because of the intimate
superstitions aforementioned. For Captain
Parrot knew only too well that the Bible
was a great book, but not a book for the
profane or the ignorant.

  He was not profane himself, but all his
acquaintances were, and his next crew would
be just as bad as the last. The ancient
marine belief held that the Bible must not
be touched by evil hands; that if anything
were laid upon the Bible or if a leaf of it
were torn, the person responsible would be
damned eternally. This may have been
the reason why one never found a Bible in
the forecastle of one of those old-time sail-
ing ships, or in the cabin either!

  So Captain Parrot worked his ship out
of the Bristol Channel, his mind disturbed
by the preacher’s advice to tone down his
superstitions and his imagination trying to
puzzle out how he could ever do it, while

86
The Mutiny

87

his promise to that excellent man now
seemed like a good-natured lie. And Pol
never told a lie, lying being weakness.

  The presence of all those Bibles on board
was an added source of worriment. The
captain had never heard of a ship going to
sea with Bibles on board, and here he was
with thirty-six of them. If the crew had
been religious it would have been different.
But thirty-six Bibles aboard a ship with a
crew still mostly drunk, who were being
chased around by a mate and second mate
whose language was simply terrible—why,
surely this would mean bad luck and a long
passage. The old superstition would not

die.	It would be useless to tell the mates to
quit profanity. In the first place, the habit
was too well established—they could not
quit; and in the second, mates who had had
the habit so long, could not be expected to
get the limit of work out of sailors unless
they swore at them And Captain Parrot
recognized it as his duty to his owners to
get all the work out of the men that was
possible. That was what they were paid
for.

  So, long before they passed Lundy, Hard
Case Pol was facing one of the most difficult
problems of his life. His disposal of the
Bibles, too, was a matter of which he felt
ashamed. The case was not marked, and
to the questioning steward, Parrot had said,
“Oh,, put it down in the lazarette with the
other stores,” feeling, when he said it, hor-
ribly like one who hides her head under the
bedclothes to escape the lightning.

  The weather was fine and the wind fair,
but such was Hard Case Pol’s distress that
he would almost have welcomed bad
weather, because a head wind and a gale
would have given him something else to
think about.

  A week passed, the weather still fine and
the wind still fair. If it had not been for
his promise to the kindly preacher, Parrot
might have forgotten the Bibles. For
either the old superstition was wrong or else
—surely, it could not be possible that he
had a religious crew aboard. A moment’s
consideration convinced him otherwise.

  Then the blow fell. The steward, sorting
stores, dropped the case and discovered its
contents. He had been well brought up,
had that steward, and was naturally offend-
ed to find thirty-six Bibles all mixed up
with peas for soup, pantiles for bread and
ancient horses destined for the harness

cask, so he carried them up to the captain’s
cabin.

  “I thought the lazarette was no nice place
for Bibles, sir,” he explained virtuously.

  “No more it is, steward.”

  Hard Case Pol suddenly saw a wonderful
way of redeeming his promise to the bethel
minister as well as of asserting his domi-
nance in a new and delightful manner. And
the scheme that came to him also provided
a safe course for avoiding the danger of sail-
ing too closely to the Bible superstition.

  “Leave them here, steward. I’ll attend
to it.”

THE steward left the cabin, and
the captain, well pleased with
himself, contemplated the further
beauties of his plan. Yes, he
would avoid getting caught aback on the
Bibles while still keeping his promise. It
would never do to indiscriminately issue
Bibles to such a crew as inhabited the fore-
castle of the Kenyon. Neither would it be
safe to supply the mates, carpenter, sail-
maker, cook or steward with them. For
sooner or later some careless marlin-spike
of a fingered ruffian would tear a leaf or
something.

  The inevitable bad luck would ensue and
then some poor innocent wretch would be
blamed. A regular witch hunt would take
place for the jonah, with the wrong man
suffering. Had Parrot not seen a man al-
most keel-hauled because he was suspected
of being a jonah? He had. Just like the
superstition of witchcraft. He would avoid
such trouble. Trouble interfered with the
work. Captain Parrot would read the
Bible to the men himself every Sunday be-
tween noon and one o’clock. This would do
the men good, and no work would be inter-
fered with since it would be the watch below
of one watch, and on Sunday afternoon only
needed work was done anyway. But first,
being thorough, he would study the Bible
himself.

  At once he began to apply his mind to ab-
sorbing the Old Testament. And since by
sheer force of character he had made his
own life and moulded the fives of others, the
ideas he gained were tinged largely by his
reactions to what he read. He read with
care. He found parts which entranced
him, and he had not gone very far, maybe
skipping a chapter occasionally, before he
found himself becoming a hero-worshipper
88

Adventure

for the first time in his life, and enjoying the
sensation.

   Moses, that gallant old fighter for liberty,
was the hero. Parrot simply idolized the
leader of the children of Israel. Particu-
larly did he enjoy the part Moses played in
regard to Pharo. Those plagues of Egypt!
And what a first mate Moses would have
made! Hard Case Pol positively_ smacked
his lips when he thought of this. He had
good enough mates as mates went, but
fancy having a man like Moses! A picture
of Moses chasing the crew of the Kenyon
around the deck, always holding over them
the possibility of one of the plagues, en-
tranced Captain Parrot.

  He spent some of the happiest moments
of his life contemplating the effect of this
uncomfortable threat on some of his men.
All of them, in fact, for like all old captains,
Parrot firmly believed that to allow sailors
to be comfortable was to ruin them. Yes,
a man like Moses, even one who was not a
perfect likeness, would have been worth
double wages. And Hard Case Pol did not
believe in high wages. The more wages
paid the more whisky drunk, was his idea.
Money was, therefore, wasted on sailors.
But a mate like Moses!

  So the captain told the mate to rig church
next Sunday. He spoke as evenly and
naturally as if he had been giving an ordi-
nary order, showing nothing of the effort it
cost to be natural. For sincere as Parrot
was, it was not easy to teU such a man to
prepare a church. The mate, struggling
between surprise and horror, could only
gasp.

  “Church, sir?”

  “Yes, Mister.”

  “Where?” asked the stunned mate.

  “On the poop. Where did you think?”
said Pol acidly.

  The mate grinned with much lack of tact.

  “Where’s the psalm-slinger, sir?” he
queried.

  “Mister Marshall,” replied Parrot severe-
ly, holding his temper because of what he
was going to say and his belief that religious
teachers always kept their feelings under
control. “Mister Marshall, I’ll thank you
not to use either vulgar or disreverent re-
marks about preachers of the Gospel.
Don’t call them any sort of slingers. As to
your question, I will lead the service. You
get the church rigged.”

  “Very well, sir.”

  And the mate went away, feeling anaes-
thetized.

  Now no mate curries favor with his men.
He, it is, who must bear the men’s ill feeling
and be prepared to hit hard if the ill-feeling
becomes too apparent, even when he knows
the men are blaming him for some needless,
driving work which the captain has origi-
nated. Nevertheless, this excellent Mister
Marshall went away, contemplating break-
ing the awful news with some gentleness via
the carpenter-sailmaker route. And he also
thought of letting it be known that he,
Marshall, was not responsible for the ex-
traordinary order.

  But before it came to him that no man
would ever suspect him of religious endeav-
our, his sense of discipline and duty ban-
ished the weak notion. The order would be
given naturally, as Parrot had given it.
Besides, if he let the men know how he felt
they might become contrary and imagine
that they possessed souls or something that
needed saving. Whereas Mister Marshall
knew quite well that they didn’t.

  Then further thinking led him not to
anticipate trouble, but joy—much joy
when the unhappy sailors were ushered into
church and compelled to listen to their
captain’s teaching. For Pol was distinctly
an amateur at this sort of thing.

  Marshall visioned the faces, the entire
scene with delight. Because they would
not know what was going to happen. They
would rig church, feeling bewildered, no
doubt, but not one of them would know
what was being done. None of them knew
what the inside of a church looked like.
Neither did the second mate and least of all
him. No, what the mate’s intended and
elaborate preparations portended would be
a mystery to the men who would do the
preparing under his orders. The captain
had just told him to rig church, given him a
free hand. That his own ideas regarding
the inside of a church were entirely theo-
retical, mattered not. Marshall would rig
church as he considered churches should be
rigged. The men would never guess what
was going on!

IT WAS a fine Sunday with the
Kenyon doing nicely, close-hauled
on the starboard tack. The sea
was a confused delight of agitated
diamonds under a sun which was a spirit
of radiance. During the forenoon watch
The Mutiny

89

Mister Marshall proceeded with his ecclesi-
astical preparations. Parrot never inter-
fered with an officer when the officer was
doing his best unless the safety of the ship
demanded interference. But there were mo-
ments during that church rigging when he
was called upon to exercise some restraint.
For the mate was doing his work lavishly,
even rising in architectural moments to
what he called a pulpit, the while loudly
chasing his puzzled watch.

  But when Pol took the sun at noon, his
restraint broke down. He was not accus-
tomed to taking a meridian altitude from
the interior of a church. Parrot fussed
with his sextant, trying to get the best side
of the ship for the observation, but it was
too much of a sort of obstacle race. He
boiled, then called.

  “Mister Marshall, what does all this
mean?”

  “You told me to rig church, sir,” answered
the mate with fine innocence.

  “Mister Marshall, I am not calling you
names, but please remember that the person
who even in fun, mocks religion, is not wise
but very much the reverse. Unrig the
church. I’ve been thinking it over. You
take away all the gear you have put on the
poop and just leave a camp stool for me near
the wheel. The rest can stand. It ain’t
right, anyhow, for the men to sit in the
presence of their captain.”

  And Captain Parrot walked away, leaving
the mate strangely ashamed of his fooling.
Parrot’s sincerity might have crude mo-
ments but it was soul-touching.

  Forgetting hunger in expectancy, the crew
gathered. Pol cowed them with a look,
forgetting that ministers do not open the
service with hardcase manifestations. The
mate had annoyed him, but he was not
nervous.

  Settling himself, the captain glanced up
at the leach of the main royal. As the
Kenyon was sailing by the wind, it was the
duty of the man at the wheel to keep the
leach lifting. As this was duly taking place
Parrot opened the Bible.

  “Men, I am going to read a chapter to
you. Most of you know what the Bible is,
but, for those that don’t, I’ll say it’s the
greatest book on earth. All religions are
built on it, just as all ships are built on keels.
Now listen, because I don’t want to have to
get angry with any of you. I’ll read about
one of the greatest men that ever lived.

His name was Moses. And I hope it will
do you good, because I ain’t in the habit of
wasting my time trying to do good to the
likes of you.”

  He paused, and the men who had been in
theaters if not in churches, trying to do
what they believed to be the correct thing
in spite of their feelings, began to applaud.
Again Parrot cowed them, and then he
plunged with gusto into the plagues of
Egypt.

  Naturally and dutifully, the man at the
wheel was interested. Besides, like the
majority of the congregation, he had some
trouble in preventing his face from express-
ing his feelings, and as he dreaded the result
of giving vent to them, his steering became
somewhat erratic.

  “And Moses said unto Pharo-”

  The captain looked up at the main
royal. Instead of the leach shaking, the
sail was ramping full. He swallowed hard,
but realizing that it would never do to
speak his mind in the middle of the plagues,
he went on reading. But the old Adam was
giving him more trouble than even Pharo
gave Moses.

  “And Moses said to Pharo-•”

  Again he looked aloft. The sail was away
full. Parrot, the captain, began to get the
better of Parrot, the teacher. Like Gobbo,
he fought manfully with the devil inside,
but-

  “And Moses said to Pharo— Luff, you
blistered son of a jelly-fish! Luff—you’re
two points off the wind!”

NOW, when the mutiny took
placs, and the colored cook—who
really belonged to the afterguard
and was, therefore, a traitor—
came aft as the herald of the mutineers, Par-
rot was sitting in his cabin cogitating over
his ill-success as a teacher. His efforts did
not seem to have met with the result they de-
served. There was just as much bad lan-
guage, for instance, as there had been be-
fore. He was muttering.

  “I’ll make this crew religious if I have to
rope’s-end the lot of them.”

  Prior to the ambassadorial effort of the
cook, the men had talked a great deal, seek-
ing a more or less valid excuse for bearding
the captain. Their simple souls had no
objection to religion as religion; only to the
captain’s teaching it to them. But as they
did not like to take the risk of telling him
90

Adventure

this directly and in ordinary language,
and they struggled to find a befitting
excuse.

  They found many excuses for protest, but
not one which they felt would have any
chance of success. All the things they
could invent seemed only to point to blister-
ing answers, harder work, fewer watches
below in the afternoons and such like
unpleasantness. But they continued to
seek.

  It was one Peters, a gentleman of un-
known nationality but probably of several,
it was Peters who was inspired to become
the forecastle Moses who would endeavor to
lead his mates away from the bondage of
Pharo Parrot.

  “I got it,” he announced in the midst of a
blue meeting which had become mute. “I
got it!”

  “Got wot?” queried a skeptical and
cynical cockney.

  “Religious liberty, guaranteed by every
constitution on earth,” said Peters ecstati-
cally.

  “Liberty. Constitutions,” growled the
cockney. “A fat lot old Pol cares abart
liberty or constitutions. Least of all ours,
wot with ’is workin’ us up an’ all. A fat lot
old Pol cares abart constitutions when we’re
a thousand miles from land!”

  “We’ll tell him in a round robin,” pur-
sued Peters.

  “Wot’s the good of that,” said the cock-
ney. “Even if you can write, you’ve got to
say somethink, ’aven’t you? Which is wot
we’ve been trying to do. Better swaller ’is
Bible readin’s. ’Tain’t doing us much
’arm.”

  “Anyway, I’ll write it,” said Peters, “if
so being the rest of you is willing to sign
along of me. Them that can not sign can
make their marks. I’ll just ask him to cut
out his teaching on Sundays. Make it look
like as if we was going to teach ourselves,
like. Save him the trouble and thank him
for his kindness.”

  The cockney spat silently but expres-
sively.

  “Will you all put your names around the
robin?” asked Peters.

  “It won’t be a robin if we don’t. That’s
forecastle law,” said the cockney.

  “You go ahead and write it if you can find
paper and pencil.”

  “But ain’t it mutiny?” asked one timid
soul.

  The cockney laughed.

  “Mutiny, course not. Mr. Peters ’ere
don’t deal in mutinies. ’E writes round
robins and calls ’em religious wars.”

  But Peters was not to be deterred by
scoffers. The timid would sign or make
their marks when he commanded. Few
of them could read, anyhow. This thought
impressed him with the need of careful calig-
raphy. It would never do to send aft a
robin which the captain would not be able
to read.

  “Don’t ask me to take yer Robin aft,”
remarked the cockney.

  “I won’t!” Peters looked up and saw the
cook, who was not supposed to be familiar
with the sailors, listening with much inter-
est. “I won’t ask you. I’ll get the most
intelligent man I can find to do it. You’d
make a mess of it.”

  “Who’ll you get?” the cockney grinned.

  “Oh, cook—cook could you oblige me
with some writin’ paper. Most of us here
ain’t got the education to have such
things!”

  Peters beamed and the cook fell. The
cockney hid his delighted face, but the othei
men looked on with astonishment.

  But the agreeable and smiling cook lacked
writing paper. He would never have ad-
mitted this before the men after what
Peters had said, and he pretended carefully
to search his bag. But he did not fool the
astute Peters.

  “Oh, used it all,” exclaimed that marine
Machiavelli. “All you handsome chaps
writes so many letters to girls. Neve- mind,
maybe you can find some other sort of paper
that will do. What the likes of us writes on
don’t matter much.”

  The flattered cook owned a pair of lurid
socks, as yet virgin. Around these was
wrapped some paper. With some hesita-
tion—but whether he hesitated on account
of the socks or on account of the feelings of
Peters, is not known—he then offered the
wrapping paper.

  “Fine,” said Peters with gallant hearti-
ness, yet secretly troubled lest the captain,
eventually discovering the author of the
round robin, might suspect him of lack of
taste or even sheer ignorance of the correct
thing in writing papers.

  Many great men have never mastered
spelling, and Peters was one of these.

  “Old Pol will know what we mean,” he
said hopefully as he labored.
The Mutiny

91

  “Let’s ’ope so—or not, as the case may
be,” said the cynical cockney.

  As Peters warmed to his task some dim
memory of the early protestant heroes
cheered him. His history was somewhat
mixed, and so he debited the persecutions of
the reformers to Nero. By this time he was
thinking of lions and howling Roman mobs.
He paused. He had no desire to be a
martyr, and began to feel unhappy. He

was between the-of his jeering mates if

he did not go on with his task and the deep
sea of the wrath of Captain Parrot if
he did.

  But the fact of the impossibihty of ascrib-
ing a round robin to any particular indi-
vidual because of its circle of signatures,
relieved his fears. He possessed no dis-
tinctive style of caligraphy, and Parrot
would not have known it if he had, but he
took much care to disguise his writing.

  “It ain’t like we was refusing to do ship
work or anything,” he said as he finished.
“And we’re not refusing to be religious.
Only asking for freedom to be religious our
own way. He can’t get mad about that,
can he?”

  “Well, you wrote it,” said the cockney
ungratefully.

  “But you all put your names to it,” par-
ried the scribe. “And he won’t know who
began it.”

  “Let’s ’ope not,” the cockney was en-
joying himself. “Of course you don’t
know old Pol because this is your first voy-
age with him. But I do. This is my
fourth voyage along of him. Each time the
bleedin’, boardin’ ’ousekeeper promised to
get me an easy ship, wiv a gentleman for a
captain, and each time I woke up in my
bunk with the ship at sea and Hard Case
Pol, captain of her. Let’s ’ope ’e won’t
catch on to who sterted this ’ere robin.
You don’t know ’im like wot I do, or you’d
never ’ave done it.”

PETERS seemed distressed, but
it was too late to draw back be-
cause the cook, entranced by the
the magic flattery of Peters into a
joyful irresponsibility and complete forget-
fulness of his traitorous position, had gone
aft with the round robin. Had some one
mentioned, just whispered to him, that in
war times—and he had heard the cockney
call this a religious war—had some kind
spirit told him that traitors were shot in

times of war, and explained that he, the
cook, was a traitor, he would have jumped
over the side rather than have gone aft
with such a dignified manner, stiffening his
greasy dungarees. But there was no one
to warn him or even suggest that as one of
the afterguard, his position as ambassador
of mutineers was dubious. He smiled quite
happily and naturally when he asked the
second mate if he could speak to the cap-
tain, that captain who even then was con-
sidering spreading religion with the end of
a rope!

  And sitting on the fore hatch, the cock-
ney was saying consolingly to a worried
Peters.

  “Of course you ain’t scared. But that’s
because you don’t know old Pol and his lit-
tle ways like wot I do!”

  “Better wait awhile, cook,” said the
second mate good naturedly. “The old
old man seems sore about something.”
“But, Mister Wilson, sir, I must see
him!”	|

  And the cook, with vast importance,
showed the neatly folded paper.

  “What have you got there?” demanded
the second mate, becoming interested.

  “I can’t tell you, sir. It’s—it’s private—
for the Old Man.”

  The second mate was human and curious.
There was but one thing to do if he were to
satisfy his curiosity. He walked down the
poop ladder.

  “You wait here, cook,” he said at the
cabin door. “I’ll let you know if the cap-
tain will see you.”

  So the cook waited, while the second
mate went in, trying to smooth the grin
from his face set there by his speculations
concerning the matter about which the cook
would write letters to the captain and the
manner of the captain when he received
the letter. He had never heard of cooks
writing letters to captains. Never before.
Therefore this was a sort of experiment of
the cook’s. And Pol was not the sort of
man upon whom to try experiments. Not.
Particularly not the experiments of cooks.
Writing to the captain as if they were
equals. The interest of the second mate in-
creased, but his curiosity concerning the
letter was dimmed by his curiosity concern-
ing what the captain would do to the writer
of it. For of course the second mate had
no reasons for supposing that any one but
the cook was the writer.
92

Adventure

  “The cook wants to see you sir. He’s
acting mail-man to his own mail.”

  “What—what are you talking about,
Mister,” snapped the captain, who was in
no mood for jests.

  “The cook is aft, sir; and he has a letter
he’s written to you which he wants to de-
liver.”

  The captain stared. Then he sniffed.
No, the second mate was sober. Was it
the sun, then?

  “Mister Wilson, do you mean to stand
there and tell me that the cook has written
a letter to me. To me? And that he is aft
here wanting to deliver it?”

  “That’s what he says, sir,” replied the
second mate cheerfully.

  The captain gasped. Then he became
himself again.

  “Bring him in, Mister; and when he’s in
the cabin do you shut the door so he can’t
get out till I’ve finished with him. And
put your back against it. Write letters to
me, will he? Even if he has gone crazy it’s
no excuse!”

  The second mate walked along the alley-
way, feeling in better health than at any
other time since his last girl had jilted him,
and beckoned the cook. That one’s dark
face showed less hilarity, more interest in
the deeper values of life, as it were, and
possibly of death. Some dim echo of jungle
instinct had scented danger, and while the
consciousness of the ambassador had not as
yet translated the feeling of fear into either
thought or action, its presence was sufficient
to chill. Given a half hour longer to wait
he might have realized that it were better
that he retired to his galley, with the missive
undelivered.

  “Come in, cook,” said the second mate in
strangely gentle tones.

  “Yes, suh.”

  The cook advanced, hesitating as that
most impolite of men, the second mate,
politely stood aside to allow him, the cook,
precedence along the alleyway to the wait-
ing captain.

  “The captain’s waiting, cook.”

  And the cook hesitated no longer. That
foolish self-importance which has ruined
so many of us, held him in its tentacles.
He ceased to wonder at the politeness
of the second mate. He had no business
with such low persons as second mates.
Was not the captain himself waiting for
him?

  “Yes, cook, what is it?”

  Hard Case Pol spoke as gently as the
second mate had spoken, which in itself was
a danger signal. But his eyes, directed
upon that round robin which he supposed to
be a letter from the cook to himself, showed
no gentleness, neither mercy. They glowed
with a fire which seemed to have been
especially kindled to incinerate cooks. And
the unfortunate African, while not entirely
appreciating the enormity of his crime,
crumpled under that heat. Something was
wrong. Just what it was did not matter
half so much as did the prospect of escape.
The trapped cook turned in terror to the
door. It was closed, and the unusually
broad shoulders of the erstwhile gentle
second mate were stretched across it.

  “Yes, cook, what is it?”

  There was less gentleness in the voice of
Captain Parrot.

  “Suh—Oh, jus nothing, jus nothing,”
the cook wailed.

  “So you come aft here, taking up my
time and the time of the second mate for
nothing, eh? What do you mean by that,”
rasped Pol.

The cook could not face that glare. In
desperation he turned, with pity pleading
from his eyes, to the second mate. The
second mate apparently saw him not.
“What have you got in your hand?”

  The captain was getting to the heart of
the matter.

  “Oh, sir. Just nothing, just nothing, sir,
Captain Parrot, sir.”

  “You lie like a horse. Give me that
letter.”

  “It ain’t no letter, Captain, sir. No
letter, sir.”

  “Give it to me, and keep your mouth
shut.”

IT IS probable that this com-
mand robbed Parrot of an inter-
esting explanation of the letter
which he seized from the trem-
bling hand, although that command was not
literally obeyed. Its meaning, however,
was. For the cook said nothing. He was
far too scared. But his mouth remained
open at a most acute angle.

  Captain Parrot unfolded the missive and
gazed at it while the deeply interested sec-
ond mate, who could not leave the door,
suffered from curiosity in a silence as deep
as the cook’s.
The Mutiny-

93

  The captain’s gaze concentrated upon
something like this:

     / tS7THe-*VE7V'
     fo^Rard, admits that \iw!
     RElii&ih 5 (jOOD for mn and

     f F0F* W-TM/aIA/ ^/t wEl
     H/tvr*/ ^ ESPEftogrecs to
     -ruoJiJT ^A/vvyvep tfaw-A,	,

      th*«ts . f/v foti/r e w xntfndsI

      U/lT 0UR HPLlGO/V our OH'/vf —rux*.

      k/im £ir.6ARAntfbd ey evf^ l^
      r\0/VSTTTOotom on Ef'KTH- /

       ^XT/YfSS OUR HAN pi M&lJ/

bn d /y\ a K kS. -S

  Words are impotent! And Captain Par-
ot said nothing. The silence became hor-
rible. It was broken by the frantic babble
of the cook who was collapsing under the
frown of that spinx-like face staring at the
letter.

“Shut up. Come here, Mister Wilson.”

  The second mate obeyed with alacrity,
but as the captain had rolled the round
robin into a hard ball, he was bereft
of the pleasure of reading it. He felt
hurt.

  “Mister Wilson, I think you are the
strongest man on the ship. Let me see you
grip this fool and force his mouth open. I
am going to see that he eats every bit of this
fool paper.”

  To describe what followed would be as
painful as reading that awful book, “Sur-
gical Operations Prior to Anesthesia.” A
graphic description of the horrors of the tor-
ture chamber of the Tower of London would
be mild by comparison. Let us not even
inflict reflected misery upon an already
suffering world. Let it suffice, the cook ate
every scrap of that round robin. But what
he thought of the captain who gave the
order and what he thought of the strength
of the fingers of the second mate, are sub-
jects best avoided. We do not use that
kind of language.

“Go forward, cook,” the captain spoke

with no gentleness. “If there was any one
to do the cooking besides you, I’d throw
you over the side. And don’t mix with the
men again. They have made a bigger fool
of you than your parents did. Mister Wil-
son, call all hands aft. I want to talk to
them.”

   “Lay aft, all hands!”

  The voice of the second mate roared along
the deck and certain of those^who had signed
the round robin trembled, while the chief
conspirator felt distinctly unhappy. The
least any of them expected was Captain
Parrot standing on the break of the poop
and taking shots at them with his revolver.
Instead of this, he began to talk like a father
who has only the kindest interest in the
welfare of his children; but this parental
attitude of voice did not last.

  “Like a lot of children,” he leaned over
the rail before the mizzen mast. “Like a
lot of boys you send that idiot of a cook aft
with what you call a round robin. Now,
why didn’t you come aft like men, and tell
me what was the trouble? Eh? Have I
ever refused to talk to you? You benighted
sons of ignorant heathens. So you want
liberty to go your own way in religion, do
you? Well, where do you think your way
of religious liberty will take you. There
is only one place, and that’s a whole lot hot-
ter than the equator. But I’m going to do
the best I can for you. You may sail your
own religious course, but I am going to
supply the charts. Steward!”

  The quiet but crescendo voice rose to a
sudden howl, and the steward appeared,
precipitately.

  “Bring those Bibles out of my cabin,
steward.”

   “Very good, sir.”

  At the word Bibles, a wave seemed to go
over the assembled crew, while the second
mate gazed at the horizon as if he saw a
distant ship. Every man of them had
known the superstition concerning Bibles
since he had first gone to sea, and there were
those who had been at sea for nearly half a
century. The Bibles arrived.

  “Is there any reading matter in the fore-
castle?” demanded Hard Case Pol. “Have
you any books there? How many of you
can read, anyhow? Those that can read
hold up their right hands.”

Three hands were held aloft; one started
to go up but the owner of it did not seem
certain that what he knew about reading
94

Adventure

was enough to entitle him to be called a
reader, so he put it down again.

  The captain looked very grave.

  “Go forrard, two of you, and bring aft
all the books, papers and reading matter
there is in the forecastle.”

  The men went aft, and when they came
aft again, bearing the small, pitiful reading
matter of windjammers of that date, the
gravity of the captain increased. Piece by
piece he examined that reading matter, and
piece by piece he handed it back to a
trembling sailor after examination.

  His features set in awful doom, like a
judge about to pronounce sentence of exe-
cution. The second mate ceased to be in-
terested in the remote horizon, and ap-
proached quietly. But Parrot, who never
reprimanded an officer before the men,
said—

  “Go and see how she’s heading, Mister,”
in a tone which clearly meant that the liter-
ature he was examining was no stuff for the
eyes of a decent second mate.

  So for the second time that day the second
mate was bitterly disappointed. As a matter
of fact, the reading matter was as harmless
as skimmed milk.

  “So,” said Parrot in a terrible voice. “So,
you that reads such muck as this asks for
liberty to learn religion your own way, do
you? Its a good thing that I take more in-
terest in my men than some captains do.”

  The men doubted the goodness, but said
nothing.

  Then Parrot turned upon the men holding
the reading matter and fairly shouted—

  “Throw that stuff overboard!”

  Oliver Cromwell could not have done it
better, or could not have been obeyed more
rapidly.

  It was said of Captain Parrot that he
could stand aft at the wheel and make him-
self heard by a man on the end of the jib-
boom if his ship was heading into a hurri-
cane. Always provided, of course, that a
man could exist on the end of the jibboom
during a hurricane. It was with the same
sort of roar that he would have been re-
quired to use under those interesting con-
ditions that he now shouted.

  “How many of you has Bibles?”

  Not a man admitted having a Bible.

  “I thought so.” The voice, striving to
express sorrow, could have been heard by
normal ears half a mile away. “I thought
so, you low, unchristian heathens.” Acute

  pain pulsed in his tones. “I was afraid of
this. Suppose some preacher came aboard
to pay us a visit when we get to port. Sup-
pose one did, and when he asked me if my
men had Bibles I had to tell him no. You
may well hang your dirty heads. But I’ll
change all that. I’m going to serve out
Bibles to every one of you. You know
what happens if you don’t treat them right.
The man that tears or anyway mishandles
one of these Bibles knows what is coming to
him.

  “I wouldn’t do this usually, but you de-
manded religious liberty. The British Em-
pire is founded on religious hberty, so I
have to let you have it. And this is a
British ship, even if most of you is either
Dutchmen or runaways that no country will
own. You shall have your religious liberty,
but I’m thinking that most of you will wish
that you had let me teach you. Now, every
one of you read these Bibles. You’d better,
because next week I’m going to ask every
man questions in his watch below, and the
man that fails to answer any Bible question
I ask will suffer. Them what can’t read,
get the others to read to them. And don’t
dirty them Bibles.” The voice rose again.
“Steward, serve out Bibles to every man in
the forecastle. Religious liberty, eh—well,
now you have charts to help you find your
way.”

        DANTE, assisted by Milton,
|§§lllll? might possibly describe the awful
misery of the Kenyon’s forecastle
during the next few days. The
superstition regarding Bibles terrified; an-
ticipation of Captain Parrot’s intended
questioning terrified; possibility of harm
coming to the Bibles also terrified; the men
who could read were afraid to read and the
men who could not read were afraid be-
cause they couldn’t.

  And then, of course, the fine weather left
them, and the fair wind became foul. It is
reasonable to suppose that Hard Case Pol
had counted on this meteorlogical assist-
ance. But to the men it was the working
of the dire superstition, and they wondered
who was the jonah who had torn a leaf.
The second day of the gale, with the deck
full of water and the Kenyon under a goose-
winged main lower topsail, the men could
stand it no longer. In forty-eight hours the
threatened examination was due, and not a
man had read a line. Religious hberty was
■s

The Mutiny	95

good, but freedom from fear was better.
And there had been at least seventeen fights.
Peters, indeed, could hardly walk.

  And so, Captain Parrot, stamping briskly
about the weather side of the poop, observed
his men standing humbly to leeward. One
of them, bearing a Bible carefully protected
under his oilskins, approached after the man-
ner of a Nubian slave to a Roman emperor.
“Captain Parrot, sir?”

  Parrot walked to and fro for three min-
utes as if he had not heard. Then suddenly,
in fearful tones—

  “Well, what is it?”

  ““If you please, sir—if you please, we
thinks you had better teach us. We—we
ain’t quite enough educated for that there
religious liberty, sir.”

  Parrot bore down on the men, his frown
a threatening weapon.

  “Are those Bibles in good shape?”

  “Oh, yes, sir. We got ’em all wrapped
up, sir, and clean.”

  “Give me one of them.”

  From the many hastily offered, Parrot
selected a Bible.

 “Steward,” he yelled down the com-
panion-way.

  And when the steward appeared—

  “Collect those Bibles and stow them
away.”

  This was done, and the captain with a
gesture drove the men aft by the wheel to
where he had first essayed to teach religion.
The wind cut like a knife of myriad blades,
the spray and sleet sang wildly across the
ship, but the men felt almost happy. Even
when the captain began to read in thunder-
ous tones about Moses and the plagues of'
Egypt, while they shivered in the cold,
even then, when they thought of the misery
of the past few days, even then they felt
happy.

  “Now,” said Parrot severely. “Now,
I’m going to read the Bible to you heathen
whenever I feel that you need it, day or
night. By the time I’m done with you
you’ll know something about it. Liberty
means knowledge and responsibility, and
when I have given you the first and you’re
fit for the second you won’t have to make
any fool round robins.”

  He looked carefully to windward.

  “Mister Mate, take these seekers after
the truth forrard. She’ll stand that fore
lower topsail goose-winged.”
FATE AND THE FISH-HOOKS

by Thomas

J-T—1 FISHERWOMAN of many

I	moods is Fate. When she has

  / 1 hooked a man she may either
I ^ ^ jerk him to his doom with one
turn of the wrist or she may play him round
the world and back again.

  To William Swallow, as he stumbled on
board the Colonial brig Cyprus at Hobart
Town in Van Diemen’s Land, on a fine
September morning in the year 1830, it
seemed that the last fatal jerk had been
given. With fifty convict companions, all
heavily ironed and dressed, like him, in the
hideous yellow uniform, liberally sprinkled
with broad arrows, which gave to the
long-sentenced prisoners the nickname of
“canaries,” he was bound to the hell of
Macquarie Harbor. They felt that they
were pot only as good as dead but a great
deal worse.

  For forty years Great Britain had been
using Australia as a dumping ground for
the surplus population of her prisons. The
island of Van Diemen’s Land, later to
change its name to Tasmania, was one vast
prison of which Macquarie Harbor was the
center. Midway in an iron-bound coast,
beaten upon by the huge sea which, driven
by the westerly winds that sweep right
round the world in these latitudes, rolls
without a break from the far off shores of
Tierra del Fuego, the narrow passage known
as Hell’s Gate opens into a broad harbor.
On the landward side wild mountains cov-
ered with thick forest, dripping with almost
perpetual rain, barred escape.

  Men who had tried to escape through
these inhospitable forests had been driven
to cannibalism by hunger. Only one man,
Alexander Pearce, the man-eater, had won
through to the settled country beyond.
With seven other convicts he had broke
loose from the gangs which worked at felling
huge trees, floating them down to the settle-
ment and cutting them up. . The little stock
of provisions that they had contrived to
save from their scanty rations were soon
exhausted.

  Two men turned back and gave them-
selves up. The other six struggled on
through the dark forest without food, with-
out fire, wet through day and night. Then

Dunbabin

they came to a river that they could not
cross. One of them, Travers, had fallen
lame. His companions killed and ate him
as the only means of saving their lives.
Strengthened by this abhorrent food they
crossed the river and worked their way
through the woods beyond. Hunger again
assailed them and they drew lots. The
man who drew the shortest stick was killed
and his mates devoured his raw flesh. So
it went on till but two men remained—
Pearce and Matthew Greenhill. Pearce
was unarmed while Greenhill had an ax.

  For three days and three nights they
never slept, each waiting for the other to
give way. Greenhill gave out first. Pearce
killed him with his own ax and then strip-
ped the flesh from his bones. The flesh of
the last survivor of his five companions gave
Pearce strength to struggle out into the
open country. He gave himself up, desiring,
as he said, rather to die than to live. He
had his wish for he died on the gallows at
Hobart Town.

  Such was the port to which the Cyprus
was to carry Swallow and his fifty fellow
convicts; a place of horror and gloom where
desperate men drew lots to see which
would kill the other, and where the lucky
one was he who drew the lot which made him
the victim.

  Yet with the help of a few fish-hooks Fate
was to give Swallow 25,000 miles of fine and
then, with the aid of those same fish-hooks,
to bring him back to captivity.

  When she had run a quarter of the 230
miles between Hobart Town and Hell’s
Gate, the Cyprus lay becalmed in Recher-
che Bay, waiting for the breeze which would
enable her to turn the corner of the island at
Whale Head. There were fish-hooks on
board and fish to be caught in the bay. So
the soldiers of the guard took a boat and
went fishing.

  While they were away Swallow and his
canaries rose on those who remained on
board, and took the vessel. When the
fishermen returned from their fishing they
were caught, too. Guards and seamen
alike were put ashore to make their way to
Hobart Town. With them went several
women, wives of officers accompanying
Fate and Fishhooks

97

their husbands to Macquarie Harbor. The
men whom fate had made prisoners in their
turn were forced to dress in the yellow uni-
forms of the convicts while Swallow and his
men masqueraded in the clothes of the
officers and sailors. The women left behind
them rich dresses, ornaments and trinkets.
They seemed of little use to Swallow, but
everything has its value.

  When the breeze so long awaited did come
the Cyprus did not round Whale Head, but
stood away for New Zealand. Swallow had
been a sailor in his day, serving in American
vessels, and he could set a course and sail a
ship, little use as most of his new crew were.

  The Cyprus never reached port; but a few
weeks later Captain Billy Worth of the
Brothers and Captain John Guard of the
Waterloo, two Sydney whaling schooners
lying at anchor at Port Underwood on
tie New Zealand coast, were surprized by
the appearance of an American brig, the
Friends of Boston, which had called in for
wood and water on a voyage from Manila
to the west coast of South America.

  The Friends had been newly painted black
and the letters of her name were fresh and
bright. Though her master Captain Walk-
er, whom his crew sometimes addressed as
Swallow, was evidently a smart sailor and
spoke with a down east accent, there was
little of the discipline common on American
vessels. In fact the rough and ready look-
ing crew behaved in a very free and easy
fashion.

  A couple of days after the arrival of the
stranger, Urias Allender, a harpooner on the
Waterloo, decided that it might be worth
while to catch something smaUer than
whales. Urias Allender came from Hobart
Town and, unlike many whalers of his day,
he could read print. To fish he needed
hooks, and having none he borrowed a few
from a sailor on the Friends of Boston. The
hooks were wrapped in a bit of torn news-
paper. Newspapers were rare in old New
Zealand and Allender glanced at it.

  There was a familiar look about it.
Urias soon found that it was a bit of the
“Colonial Times,” published in Hobart
Town a few weeks earlier. Obviously
the story that the Friends of Boston had
come direct from Manila was a cock-and-
bull yarn. When he had finished his fishing,
for he was a man who believed in finishing
one thing before beginning another, Allender
told Captain Guard of his discovery.

  7

  He also told him that, while her color was
different, the Friends of Boston looked to
him the image of the Van Diemen’s Land
brig, Cyprus. Guard took fire at the idea of
seizing the vessel and her crew of runaway
convicts. There was a reward to be earned
which might be worth more than many
whales. But Guard’s crew alone was
heavily outnumbered by Swallow’s crew of
desperate runaways.

  So Guard went to Worth with his story.
It looked as if Fate were tired of playing
with her fish. But Worth, a most unusual
thing with the whaling schooners of the day,
had his wife on board, and Mrs. Worth had
a word to say. Swallow, with a generosity
not without a touch of calculation, had
given to her some of the stuffs and trinkets
left behind by the officers’ wives sent ashore
in Recherche Bay. He invented an expla-
nation for their presence on board which
was convincing enough for Mrs. Worth.

  Now his generosity with other people’s
goods was amply repaid.

  “Your business is to catch whales, not to
put your head into a mare’s nest on the
strength of some story about a fish-hook and
a newspaper,” she said to her husband. “As
to Captain Walker, if there were more men
like him the world would be a better place.”

  The gray mare was the better horse and
Worth refused to join in the attack. Lack-
ing his help, Guard could not act and the
Friends of Boston sailed in peace. Ill-
found as she was for a long voyage, Swal-
low drove her north across the Pacific. By
sheer force of character he established some
sort of discipline amongst his reckless,
riotous crew. When they would have
settled in some pleasant island of the South
Seas he reminded them that they ran the
risk of being plucked thence by a British
warship; as the fifteen convicts who had
carried away the schooner Phoebe from the
Shoalhaven River in New South Wales had
been plucked from the Society Islands only
the year before.

  So they pushed far to the north and, after
months of voyaging, made a landfall on the
coast of the hermit kingdom of Japan, then
still closed to foreigners as it had been for
two centuries, and not to be visited by Ad-
miral Perry for another quarter of a cen-
tury. Seven men, rightly confident that
the long arm of the British navy would not
reach them in this unknown land and
assured that for them Japan could not be
98

Adventure

worse than Van Diemen’s Land, went ashore
in one of the ship’s boats and stayed there.

  If he could have read aright the men of
the fish-hooks Swallow might have done the
same. But he had other plans. He had
sailed in American vessels and he knew that
Canton was a port to which they much re-
sorted. He pointed out to his companions
that once they reached America they would
be safe. They might even, if they cared to
do so, turn respectable and become citizens
of credit as others had done in like case.

  To reach America in the battered Cyprus
was hopeless. So off the mouth of the Can-
ton River the Friends of Boston foundered
at sea and her crew reached Canton in the
boats. For the moment all went well. The
committee of supercargoes at Canton pro-
vided for the distressed mariners until they
could ship in outward-bound vessels. As sur-
vivors of a New England vessel they showed
a natural desire to ship in American ships.

  But while Swallow was still waiting for a
ship a vessel arrived from Sydney. Amongst
her crew was Urias Allender, once a har-
pooner on the Waterloo who had borrowed
fish-hooks at Fort Underwood. On the
waterside at Canton he met the man who
had lent him the hooks wrapped in a bit of
newspaper. Urias talked and some of
Swallow’s men had babbled under the spell
of rice spirit.

  When the crew of the Friends of Boston
left Canton they sailed in a limejuicer. All
those that the committee of supercargoes
had been able to lay hold of were in irons
and bound to London. From London they
were sent back the weary voyage to Van
Diemen’s Land.

  At Hobart Town they were placed on
their trial on a charge of piracy on the high
seas. The case was clear, and the humanity
which Swallow and his followers had shown,
when they seized the Cyprus in Recherche
Bay setting the guard and crew on shore,
stood them in evil stead. With cruel
mercy their fives were spared and they were
sent to Macquarie Harbor instead of to the
gallows. Like others in the same case, they
begged as a favor that they might be hanged
out of hand, but the boon was denied
them.

  On a fine spring morning in the year 1831
the survivors of the fifty men who had been
driven on board the Cyprus went on board
the schooner Prince Leopold, bound for
Macquarie Harbor. They were chained to
one another. Attached to the right leg of
each by a stout chain was the heavy ball
that gave to those who wore it for long a
limp that never left them as long as life
lasted.

  This time there was no clam in Recherche
Bay and no use for the fish-hooks of Fate.
7he Bold Dragoon

ATbur~Part Story-Part III

 ty Leonard. H. Nason*

Author of “Eye-Wash," “Rockets at Daybreak,” etc.

The first part of the story briefly retold in story form

|T WAS in June, 1743, that we routed the French

  at Dettingen, in Bavaria. We had been without
food or fodder for many a day, and as soon as the
French broke, leaving open the road to Hanau, the
army forgot the enemy in its eagerness to reach its
base of supplies.	•

  My nag was in such a plight that I was left be-
hind, and in the night came upon a French officer
and killed him after a long-drawn fight. I relieved
him of a fine sword, rings, gold buttons and other
booty. Then Austrian marauders, our allies, set
upon me. Badly wounded, I lay out in the marshes
until a party of our own men found me and carted
me to Hanau.

  A physician named Gulf took me into his house
and cared for me in exchange for one of the rings I
had taken from the Frenchman. When the army
marched out of Hanau I was left behind, for I was
still very weak. Some days later I was discharged
although I was in no state to travel, and the doctor
would have robbed me of my last gold button had I
given him the chance.

  At a near-by tavern I met a youth, Viscount Bar-
net, who had deserted his post because he wished to
reach England in a great hurry. An estate awaited
him there, but he was without funds and in debt.
He suggested that I let him exchange my booty for
money, lend half the sum to him, and that we travel
together to the coast. This I agreed to do, although
Gulf cursed me for a fool, and went so far as to offer
me a commission in the army of the Pretender,
Charles Stuart, but I cursed him back and left his
house.

  We started, the viscount and I, in the Frankfort
diligence, but were held up by a scouting party
which tried to slaughter us, for the officer knew that
Barnet was a deserter. We were almost beaten
when a party of horsemen that I had seen at Gulf’s

house, came to our rescue. They cut down the
scouting party and rode away. No sign could I find
of Barnet until I reentered the diligence and found
him hiding beneath a bale of goods.

  “Do you owe those men money?” I asked.

  “Well, not money, but something of the sort,”
said he, and then would speak no more, but held his
peace, chewing upon his fingers.

"W^HEN we reached Frankfort we hired horses to
continue our journey. A fortnight later we
put up at an inn near Brussels, where there were
many English officers. One of them picked a quar-
rel with us, and the viscount killed him. He es-
caped, leaving me to defend myself as best I might
until knocked down and sorely beaten.

  I awoke in a stable midden. The viscount was
there and helped me mount my horse and away.
But I was so weak and bruised that I could not sit
my horse and fell off very soon., Barnet left me, for
he was in grave danger, agreeing to meet me at the
sign of the Gaper in the town of Williamstadt.

  Next day I found that the viscount had taken my
last penny, and I had to beg my way afoot to the
seaport. There I found an English boat whose
skipper first took me later to the sign of the Gaper,
where I was told that the viscount had sailed the
week before for England, and then aboard his vessel.

  I slept so soundly that I awoke only when we were
well out to sea. On board were the six travelers
who had saved us from the scouting party. They
disclosed themselves as agents of the Pretender, and
their leader asked me to serve with them. When I
stoutly refused I was given until we reached the
coast to agree to his proposal or die.

  When we hove to, however, we were set upon by
Gagers and soldiery and I escaped in the dark. The
near-by villagers were in arms because'a local tavern

'The Bold Dragoon,” copyright, 1925, by Leonard H. Nason. 99

I
IOO

Adventure

keeper had been taken by the press gang and forced
to enlist. After being embroiled with them for half
a night I broke away and made my way across the
moor until a coach overtook me, and I climbed into
the “rumble-tumble.” I slept soundly until the
coach was halted by a highwayman. I hid by the
roadside, my sword still lying in the rumble-tumble,

M~ Y NEXT thought was for the im-
petuous gentleman who had tried
to seize the highwayman. I had
v—J to paw around in the dark for
some time before I found him, for the
impetus of his rush from the coach had
carried him off the road and under the
hedge.

  I kicked against the robber’s first pistol,
where he had dropped it when he drew the
other, and then I felt of a boot and so to my
gentleman, whom I found lying on one el-
bow, fumbling at his broken head and trying
to gather his scattered wits.

  “Who’s that?” he demanded hoarsely.

  Then as a recollection came upon him he
rolled upon his other side and after a mo-
ment’s search, thrust a purse at me.

  “Keep your purse,” I ordered. “You
have the wrong man. Jack-of-the-roads
is gone and is half way to the next town by
now. Can you walk?”

  “I’ll know better in a minute,” said he,
drawing out from under the hedge where,
after a little effort, he stood upright. “That
was a sad knock he fetched me,” said the
man, reeling a little. “But who might you
be?”

  “I was riding in the rumble-tumble,” said
I, “and ducked into the ditch, where the
shadow of the hedge kept me from being
seen.”

  “Where is the coach?”

  “Gone on,” said I, “fast enough, and here
we are in the midst of this forsaken dingle
and night set in.”

  “There will be a moon,” he suggested
hopefully.

  “Not for some time,” said I, “If you will
remember last night.”

  “That is true,” he agreed, “it will rise late.
Well, we can not be far from an inn, for the
coach inns at dark and it was just at night-
fall that this wolf set upon us. We have but
to follow the road. I suppose our man will
give us no trouble, now that he has all our
money.”

  “I doubt if he returns, but yet he might.
Have you a sword?” I asked.

  “Paul’s blood!” cried the man, clapping

until the coach drove off, then I leaped out of hiding
and took possession of the highwayman’s loot. One
man, who had tried to resist, sprawled unconscious
and unnoticed in the middle of the path.

  Having relieved the highwayman of his ill-gotten
gains I hdped him to mount with the toe of my boot,
and sent him on his way.

hand to his thigh. “I left it in the coach.
Have you?”

  “In the coach. But here is a pistol the
highwayman dropped. It may be useful as
a club. I have one of my own that will bite.
I repeat, I doubt if he returns, he went away
fast enough.”

  “With our gold to speed him,” added the
young man.

  “You lost no money,” I reminded him.
“Perhaps not,” he said, “but the others
did. If my foot had not caught on the edge
of the step, not a one would have been a
groat the poorer. I would have wrung that
poaching ruffian’s neck, I warrant you.”
“Doubtless,” I agreed dryly, “but they
are none the poorer, nevertheless, for I have
secured what was taken.”

  “By the teeth of -!” cried he. “I

think you are the rogue himself! If it were
not so dark I could be surer! Secured what
was taken! Hear him! A sheep takes its
prey from the wolf, the hawk drops its plun-
dered fowl when bidden! If it were lighter
you might see that there is no green in my
eye! Come! I suppose the thief was stricken
in conscience and gave it you back!”

  “If I were a thief,” I replied in as stern a
tone as I could muster, “I would have pis-
toled you out of hand and left you to rot
under the hedge. I would also inform you
that you speak to Hugh Bancroft, late of
Ligoniers regiment of horse, and one not

used to having the he in his teeth. Be--

to you!” And I turned to stride off.

  “True enough,” he muttered. “Hold!
I want no quarrel with you. Wait, now!
This blow upon my skull has addled me. I
am wrong. My hand!”

  Now when this man had first spoken, his
speech was so thick and dazed that I could
scarce tell what he said, but as he came to
himself and spoke more clearly, it seemed to
me that I had heard his voice before. Where
I could not at that moment tell, but heard
it I had, and no doubt of it. I tried to see
his face but could not, for it was so dark
in that cursed dingle, that I could not so
much as make out the shape of his hat.

  So we set off together, my companion
The Bold Dragoon

101

stopping from time to time, and swearing
to himself. Once I heard the lock of his
pistol click and there being no good reason
why he should cock it, I let down the ham-
mer of mine with my thumb and then hauled
it back again loudly, so that he should know
that I was also armed.

  “It is a difficult thing to hit a man in the
dark,” I remarked.

  “Aye,” said he, “so it is.”

  And after that we held no morQ speech.
We continued for some time in this man-
ner, he complaining from to time of his bro-
ken head, and at last reached the outskirts
of a town of some size. A short way down
the principal street was the inn, where the
coach rested overnight, and thither we took
our way. The innyard was deserted, the
coach had been rolled under a kind of shed,
where it kept company with several carters’
wagons, their poles propped on sticks,
pointing to the stars. There was no sign of
life here save a few skulking dogs, but a
cheery light shone from the windows of the
common room and a very pleasant odor of
baking meat saluted us.

  Presently we came into the light from the
window and my companion turned his face
away, but not so quickly but what I saw
who he was. It was my merry viscount.

  “Ha!” said I, my hand on his collar.
“Well met, by cock and pie!”

  “Let go your hand, my bouncing dra-
goon,” said he, “I knew you when you
rapped out your name so vigorously a half
hour agone. Listen! I have news of import
for you! Never think I abandoned you!
What! I waited two weeks for you, but my
affairs pressed; I had to go. Now come in,
let us drink a dram or two, and all shall be
made clear.”

  I had my doubts of him, but now that
he was under my hand, we might as well go
in, as stand chinning in that dark inn-yard
where it was cold and unsavory, so we went
to the door and so entered.

WITHIN, before the great hearth,
there was a small company. The
merchant stood with his back to
the blaze, declaiming, and the two
countrymen who had ridden with us listened
with gaping mouths. There were three or
four others there, people of the neighbor-
hood, and a beribboned sergeant, either on
his way to join a recruiting party or return-
ing to London after having left one.

  The inn’s host skipped merrily about, now
running out to the kitchen to watch the prog-
ress of the cooking, now bending at some
one’s demand for another jack of ale, and
ever and anon glancing about to be sure
that there were no sneakers there and that
every one present was paying for the warmth
of the fire by buying generously of the inn’s
drinkables.

  It was after one of these hurried glances
that the host discovered us standing in the
shadow of the door. At once he swooped
at us and catching a lanthorn from behind
the settle, he lifted it high and inspected us.

  “Wot ’ave we ’ere?” he demanded coarse-
ly. “Now, then, speak up, lads, wot can
we do for you? But first, there’ll be no
sleeping in the ’ay, and so you may save
your breath by not harsking for it.”

  I was so struck down by this greeting
that I could find no reply—indeed I am
slow of speech at best—but the viscount
rapped out a volley of oaths and striding
forward, caught mine host by the collar of
his smock and nigh throttled him.

  “- your blood!” cried the viscount.

“Here is a pretty way to treat a gentleman.
By the hair of Luke, I will toast you at your
own fire!”

  Here the merchant ceased his exhortation
on the unsafeness of the highways and
watched what was going forward with his
jaw hanging.

  “Rooms and food and a hot drink! And

quick, too,” continued the viscount. “-’s

blood! No sleeping in the hay! I’ll hay
you!”

  And he fell to beating the host with the
full strength of his arm. The company
arose and pried the two apart.

  “Peace!” cried the merchant. “I am a
magistrate and I command you both to lay
down your arms and abide in peace under
penalty of invocation of the statutes made
and provided against public brawling! Why
bless my soul,” he exclaimed in astonish-
ment, “it is the viscount. Hold hard, land-
lord, stop beating that young man. I know
him well, it is Viscount Barnet. What!
landlord, stop it now!”

  Inasmuch as the landlord was quite black
in the face and could but feebly parry the
shower of blows the viscount was pouring
upon him, it was difficult to see what the
landlord should stop. The attacker, how-
ever, held his hand and suffered the poor
host to rise, gasping and clawing at his throat.
102 ^

Adventure

  “Ah, good young man!” cried the mer-
chant. “Safe and sound! Safe and sound!
We were mustering our force here, you see,
mustering our force to go out and find you.
We were to apply to the law here, we were
to have out the possecomitatus, we were to
rouse the country with bell and blaze, but
now you are here, and it is not necessary.
Tell us how you are! Ho, a glass of wine
here! Wine for the viscount!”

  Several of the company laid aside various
weapons that they had and hastened to
bring wine, while the rest bustled about for
napkins, plasters, and such like to bind the
viscount’s wound. When he had had a
glass of wine and a peg or two from the
leathern jack, the viscount waved them all to
silence and began his explanation.

  The poor host, still wobbling his neck and
feeling of his throat, humbly contrived to
apologize, pointing out that the lanthorn gave
but a feeble light, that the viscount was
quite bloody and had upon him a great deal
of mire, where he had lain under the hedge,
and moreover, not arriving with the coach,
the landlord had thought him one of the
many masterless rogues, discharged soldiers
and runaway apprentices that were continu-
ally beseeching him for barn room. To all
this the viscount turned a deaf ear, but hav-
ing had another peg from the leathern jack,
he began his account of his adventures.

  “Now then, gentlemen, you remember
when the robber had discharged his pistol
by accident and I had rushed forth to seize
him, that he was adroit enough to fetch me
a knock on the skull with it, by token of my
tripping over the door sill of the coach.
Now, being somewhat stunned, I lay for a
while under the hedge whither I had fallen
and it was thus that this dust came upon me.”

  Here the viscount had another peg of ale.
All this time I had stood without the circle
of firelight, waiting until some one should
take notice of me, and having a good
stomach for a bit of ale myself, for the night
was chill. But now that the viscount had
started upon his tale none gave me any heed,
being all too eager to hear one of the gentry
talk to them, and being deeply interested
for themselves, since the highwayman had
been the chief interest about the fire before
we had come in.

  “At any rate,” thinks I, “now that he has
started upon his tale he must very soon
come to that part that I played in it, and
then I shall receive some attention.”

  “Having lain under the hedge for some
time,” continued the viscount, “I came to
my senses just as the coach departed and as
I lay hearkening, I heard one arise from the
ditch and draw up to where the robber sat
his horse.

  “ ‘-’s gates,’ said a voice, ‘here is a

poor bag, for there was no one in the coach
but a merchant and two farmers, but the
merchant had considerable gold in his boots
and a watch and a wig, all of which I light-
ened him of.’

  “ ‘No,’ said another voice, 'there were
four. You have missed a very handsome
and brave young man, a viscount, and I
warrant you he hath a well-lined purse, for
he has all the look of a man of high connec-
tions.’

  “ ‘Why to be sure,’ continued the first
speaker. ‘He attacked me and fell under
the hedge; I had forgotten him.’

  “ ‘Give me the sack,’ said the second man,
‘and let us haul out this cockerel from under
the hedge.’ ”

  The viscount then had another glass of
wine, while I wondered with humming brain
what this was all coming to. I had begun
to have a feeling that it boded me no good.
After the viscount’s memory had been re-
freshed with the draft, he began again.

  “The man on foot came to me where I lay
and hauled me out by the heels, while the
man on horseback watched. But they found
that I was a bird of a different color. My
pistol I discharged at the mounted man, who
fled shrieking and I doubt not but what he
is now dead, and the other I seized by the
throat and demanded him, in King George’s
name, to yield, which he incontinently did—■
and there he stands.”

HERE he pointed directly at me,
SKI and I, like the lackwit I was,
Kail could but drop my jaw at him
and gasp, but when they moved
at me to seize me I found voice.

  “You he in your throat!” I cried. “You

- hamstringing hound! It’s not true!

I was a passenger in the coach!”

  “Search him then,” cried the viscount,
“see if he hath not the booty upon him!”
“He lies!” cried the merchant. “I never
saw him before!”

  “Un was not on coorch wi’ us,” agreed the
farmers, nodding their heads vigorously.

  “I rode in the rumble,” I shouted at them.
“My sword and valise are still there and I
The Bold Dragoon

103

have papers that will soon enough prove
who I am.”

  The viscount bit his Up at this and swore
that I but sought to gain time, but the ser-
geant took up his stand at the dpor and the
landlord rushed out into the yard and across
to where the coach lay under the shed.

  “There is a case of pistols and a sword in-
side,” called the viscount after him. “Fetch
them to me.”

  There were no further words until we
heard the host’s shoes clattering over the
stones and he rushed in with the viscount’s
pistols under his arm and a sword in his
hand. He came close to me and gave me a
searching look, in which there was less of
animosity than I would have expected, and
turning to the company he announced—
“This ’ere is the honly sword in the coach,
and there is naught in the rumble but bales
of wool and ’ides.”

  “He is a thief!” shrieked the merchant.
“Upon him! Search him! My watch and
gold!”

  “Hark forward! Hark forward! Tally-
ho!” whooped the viscount, hounding them
at me as if I were a fox and they the pack.

  I resisted as best I might, but I am slight-
ly built and light for a dragoon and the
stable boys and hostlers having run in at
the sound of the alert and the drawers and
women folk from the kitchen lending a hand,
the first leaping at me, and the second pull-
ing my hair most grieviously, it was not long
before they had me down, my pistol plucked
from my belt and the merchant gleefully
dragged the sack containing the gold from
my pocket.

  “It is true!” he cried, “it is true,” and he
chuckled and rubbed his hands together.
“There is my clock and my seals, and all my
gold untouched. O brave my lord, O bold
young man!” And he fell on the viscount’s
neck.

  “Has un gotten our horn snuff box?”
asked the farmer that hung on my arm.
“Zee if un has!”

  None offered to find the snuff box, how-
ever, and the poor man had to be content
with twisting my arm and very nearly hav-
ing it out by the roots.

  For my part, I was not silent during this
time, but shouted the right of the story at
the top of my lungs, now and again telling
the viscount my opinion of him and what I
should do to him when I should be released.
The word had meanwhile gotten forth

that there had been a highwayman taken
in the inn and numbers of the townspeople
crowded in, armed with bills and forks and
shouting till their throats were nigh to
cracking. Many of them came close and
peered at me to see if I was of their acquaint-
ance and finding that I was not continued to
howl and hoot.

  Many of these honest citizens have traffic
with the gentlemen of the road, giving them
fire, food, and candle and helping them dis-
pose of their stolen goods, but seeing that I
was not one of their customers, they were
nothing loath to see me hanged out of hand.

  All the while that I was being hurried up
and down and pushed and shoved, and every
one reaching to take a buffet-at me, I had
noticed from time to time, when I could get
my head clear, that the landlord stood on a
bench a little apart regarding me fixedly, and
once I could swear he made me a sign of en-
couragement. What this could mean since
it had been he that had betrayed me by say-
ing there was no sword or valise in the coach,
I could in no wise make out. After a time
he descended from his bench, and swinging
a bung mallet, ordered the townspeople out,
cursed the stable boys back to their kennel,
and hurled the women from the room.

  “Now then,” he announced, looking
around him, “let’s ’ave ’im locked up for the
night and we’ll ’ave ’im before squire in the
morning.”

  The men that hung to me had increased
from two to twice that number or more, and
at his suggestion they followed the host
across the darkened yard, the whole of us
moving at a shambling run and I heard
them fumbling at the fastenings of a door
and calling for a light.

  At last there was the creaking of a hinge
and I was hurled into a small, windowless
room. The dim ray of a coach lanthorn
held by one of the men showed me a row of
musty great-coats and a great pile of saddles
and harness in a corner. Then the door
swung to and I was left in darkness.

  At the first I had no thought but to curse
and kick upon the door, but I soon found
that I wasted my breath and made my foot
sore, so I desisted and sat down on the pile
of saddles to think what was best to be done.

  This was a pleasant homecoming for a cer-
tainty. Here I was not a week in England,
and in a fair way to be strangled for an-
other’s crime. The reaction of the excite-
ment weakened me exceedingly. A grateful
104

Adventure

 country, mine, indeed! Having wellnigh
 given up my life for her in Flanders, now
 that I was broken and fit for no more fight-
 ing, invalided home, landing on the shore
 almost penniless, the very people for whom
 I had fought were all for hanging me on the
 word of a scoundrel they had never seen
 before.

   For the viscount’s conduct it was easy
 enough to find a reason. He was a scoun-
 drel and a cur, and my sudden appearance
 - embarrassing him, he had taken this means
 of getting rid of me. The landlord, how-
 ever, was different. As for saying that
 there was no baggage in the rumble, it might
 have been stolen by one of the hangers on.
 The rest of his actions were unexplainable:
 The whiteness of his face when he returned
 and his curious looks at me from the bench.
 Now that I thought of it, I could have sworn
 that his eyelid flickered at me.

    I pulled down several of the old coats to
 cover me and what with weakness and the
 fatigue of the journey and the night’s battle,
 I fell asleep, to be awakened by a chill blast
 across my face. To my surprize the door
 stood ajar and though it was still dark, I
 could hear cocks crowing lustily. The next
 instant a hand brushed my face and seized
 me by the shoulder.

   “Come hout, sir, come hout!” panted a
 husky voice.

    Still half asleep, I staggered out the door,
 which was at once clapped to behind me. A
 sword hilt was thrust into my hand—mine!

 It was mine, I would know it at -’s

 mouth!

    “I am very sorry, sir, if you have been in-
 convenienced,” continued the voice, “but
 this is no place for a gentleman of the honest

 party. Here are all - Tories. Your

 sword, sir, will give you away, and an hex-
 press has been through that you and your
 friends are about. Now, sir, to ’orse and be
 on your way before daylight.”

   I was by now fully awake and when the
 explanation came to me I could scarce stifle
 a laugh. England was, as I have said, fair
 torn in two between Stuart and Hanover.
 No man knew the true state of neighbors’
 politics and here this poor rogue, misled by
 the fact that an alarm had been sent out of
 the landing of the Jacobites, had taken me
 for one because of my French sword. The
 carrying of such a weapon would be cause
 enough for question, when the very cut of
 a man’s wig would bring suspicion of

espousing the Pretender’s cause upon him.

  Here the landlord appeared leading a
horse, with my valise strapped to the sad-
dle.

  “Leave him at the Child and Boot,” said
he. “ ’E will be taken care of. Your honor
will forgive me for not bringing in your
sword? With that soldier there and all the
rest, you would ’ave been lost hindeed. If
I might make so bold, change your clothes
and get another sword, for it will be a ’ang-
ing matter else.”

  I thanked the man as civilly as I could
and belted on the sword. The horse was a
sorry hack, I could tell by the feel of his
backbone, but he would carry me to safety
at least and if the man thought me a Jacob-
ite, the more fool he.

  “A stirrup cup, now!” cried the landlord,
reaching me a mug and then filling one him-
self. He added, “The king’s health!” at the
same time swinging his arm over the horse
trough, which is a trick these gentry have,
it signifying “over the water,” and they
drink thus to their king over the water, who
skulks in Italy behind a hedge of petticoats.

  “King George, God bless him,” said I, and
slapping the crowbait’s ribs, I clattered from
the yard, leaving the poor wretch to put
what construction he might upon my ac-
tions. It was a foolish thing to do and he
might very well raise the hue and cry after
me, and then he might not, for he would
have his own part to explain.

  As for me, a health to George, for he had
taken the field with us at Dettingen and led
us gallantly and well, a thing no king had
done before for a long time, nor has any done
it since.

  So then, having a beast—one could scarce
call it a horse—beneath me, and my sword
on my thigh once more, I proceeded toward
London and the sun rose up and lighted me
on my way.

  Before I had gone very far from the un-
happy inn, I bethought me that if the land-
lord should have a change of heart—and it
was very likely that he would, since I had re-
fused to toast the Pretender—it would be
easy to trace me by the crowbait that I be-
strode, so shortly after day I turned him
loose to go home or wander about the fields
as he saw fit and hailed a great wagon that
was passing laden with two families going
up to London.

For a very slight sum they took me in and
the rest of the day and the night I rode in
The Bold Dragoon

                *

105

the wagon, very sore with the jolting of it'
and with the crawling over me of the innu-
merable brats that were part of the cargo.

CHAPTER VI

OF MY POVERTY IN THE CITY

WE CAME into the city early in the
morning of the following day. I had
in mind offering my services to some gentle-
man going to the Indies or the Virginias, and
with this in view I went down to the docks
and spent the day there, but had my labor
for my pains and when night fell I turned
into the first street that opened in search of
lodgings. I was fortunate to secure them
in Water Lane, for five shillings the week
and miserable enough they were, a room
with no fire, but all that I could afford.

  I spent after that a wretched week. It
would seem that in all this great city with
its thousands and thousands of people, there
might be some place where a man with a
knowledge of horses, a veteran of Dettingen
and endowed with youth and health enough
to walk about, could find employment.

  I used to stand many a morning in Cheap-
side and watch the apprentices taking down
the shutters of the drapers’ and goldsmiths’
and the haberdashers’ shops, and think it ill
that all these should have employment and
I none. Then I would go through the Poul-
try to Lombard St. and so down Fish Hill to
the waterside, and thence to Billingsgate,
where the fishwives gathered to wait for the
ringing of the high-water bell to go to
Gravesend. This was the only amusement
I had, watching them fight and I learned a
number of new words from hearing them
curse.

  As the week advanced and my money
grew less, I became desperate. Here were
many people earning their daily bread and I
was denied mine. I thought for a time of
selling brooms or costards, or some of the
simples that were cried about the streets,
but the thought of a soldier, a dragoon no
less, and a wounded veteran of the last cam-
paign, going about London crying, “Brooms
here! Buy my brooms!” or “Clove water,
stomach water,” was too jnuch.

  My clothes were of the cheapest to begin
with and traveling in carts and sleeping in
them, which I had to do to keep myself
warm, had not improved them, so that they
were in such state that no Jew in St. Mary
Axe would give me a farthing for them.

  Even the ragged boys that hung about
the crossings with brooms to sweep them
clear of mud and then demand a penny for
the service, would take one look at me and
never stir a hair’s breadth. One of the imps
went so far as to offer me his broom, crying
that I had more need of a crossing to sweep
than he.

  It was upon the evening of the seventh
day, after I had been to the King’s Mews in
search of employment and thence to St.
James Park, that as I was passing a tavern
a number of soldiers came out. One of
these brushed roughly against me in passing
and then turned to glare at me. Both he
and I whooped loudly in concert, for I recog-
nized Nick Dashbaugh, who had been with
me in Flanders.

  “Well, well!” he shouted. I never would
have known you in that rig. What! Did
you get safe away from the mob? You
have had no time to tell me your luck since
Dettingen. Do you know that the Deacon
has grown into a cornetcy? We are giving

his commission a wet tonight. - my

teeth, but you must come! On our way,
now, move out, and you can tell me your
story as we go.”

  In spite of my protests he dragged me off,
and indeed I was not very loath, for I had
had nothing to eat all day.

  “It is not much of a story,” I told him.
“After the battle a number of us were out
gleaning what we could do. We had gone
down by the morass and I had found me a
French officer, who had upon him some rich
rings and a sum of money. After I had fin-
ished his affair, I was set upon by a party of
horse. Perhaps they were stragglers, per-
haps a detachment from the enemy rear
guard, but I still believe to this day that
they were Austrians.

  “Well, whoever they were, I was cut down
at the first onset and being left in the marsh,
had a fever and was very near death. So I
was invalided and discharged, because my
lord Cumberland felt that I was no more use
and so tossed me aside like an old shoe.”

  I then told them of my meeting with the
viscount and of his treachery.

  “A scurvy trick,” remarked Dick. “But
you come with us and you’ll forget all your
troubles. Then in the morning we can see
what can be done.”

  “I suppose you got safely away from the
riot. How did you make out after the loss
of your recruit?”
io6

Adventure

“Why, we just took Justice Dawley, he
fearing for his life, and recruited him.”
“What became of my friend, the squire?”
“Ha, ha! Being a hearty fellow, though
a little ripe, we plied him with liquor and re-
cruited him, too.”

  “Well, where is this wet to be?” I asked
him, when I had done laughing.

  “At the Seven Moons,” he replied, “in
Gough Square.”

  “Good. Then we can stop at my lodging
and I can get my sword. I have no craving
to be abroad after nightfall and unarmed.”
I left Dashbaugh sitting on the door sill
while I climbed the stairs and belted on my
Picinino which, with its silver-chased basket
hilt, went very ill with the rest of me, and
then went down and so to the Seven Moons.

  When we were still some distance off we
could hear a great tumult and when we en-
tered the tap room, the room was so thick
with tobacco that one could scarce see.
They were roaring some catch and after a
minute or two I could make out the words,
those of a very famous one and a great favo-
rite with us in Flanders.

          “Fill the cup, Phillip,

          And let us drink a drain.

         Once or twice about the house
         And end where we began.”

  It was sometime before the company per-
ceived that we had entered and when they
did, they welcomed us uproariously. The
Deacon, in whose honor the wet was being
held, was already upsee-freeze, or in other
words, stiff drunk, and had been rolled into
a corner, but the spirits of the rest were at
their highest.

  Now I never was any great man at the
bowl, and since my wound I had no head at
all, so as soon as I perceived that the greater
part of the company were unknown to me,
and that there was nothing to eat, I made up
my mind to steal away from there as soon as
possible.

THEY were drinking out of a
huge mug that must have held
several quarts, and which was
pegged down the side with silver
pegs. Every man in his turn must sink the
liquor from one peg to the next and any one
detected in sneaking was forced to take a
double draft. It was quite easy to detect
this last, for the company looked into the
mug before each man drank and again after
he finished, to be sure he had had his whole

peg. After the fourth round they called
upon me for a song and I gave them:

          “It is a cold and stormy night,

          I’m wetted to the skin

          But I’ll bear it with contentment

          Until I reach the inn,

         And then I’ll have a merry time
         With the landlord and his kin.”

  This was well liked and after the song was
ended I managed to steal away, which I did
the more easily as the company had detected
Dashbaugh in sneaking and were pleasantly
occupied in forcing a double draft down his
unwilling throat.

  When I came into the street, I had not the
slightest idea of the hour. It was very cold,
with a damp wind and a great promise of
fog. I proceeded in the direction of Water
Lane, halting now and again and resting
my head against the bricks of a wall to
cool my brow. I must have had more than
I realized or else the drink had been of great
potency, for my head was none of the light-
est and I had a desire to burst into song.

  It was after one of these pauses that I be-
came conscious of a distant rumor, a kind of
tumult, higher up the hill in back of me. I
listened as best I might for the buzzing in
my ears, but could hear nothing save the
watchman in the next street crying, “Lan-
thorn and candle light here, maid, a light
here,” for the householders to hang out lan-
thorns to light the street.

  As I was about to go on, I heard the
noise again and nearer. Hoots and howls,
frightened squeaking, and the crash of glass-
breaking. A party of drunkards, doubtless,
or one of those bands of young men that
roam the streets after nightfall, outraging
honest citizens and frightening housemaids
into fits.

  Whichever one it was I had no desire to
meet them and I went off at my best pace,
clearing the skirts of my coat from the Pici-
nino, in case I should have use for it. What
with my drunken head, or my ill luck, or my
lack of direction, I had no sooner reached
the foot of the street and was about to cross
over to the next, than a chair accompanied
by two linkboys turned the corner, and after
it a crowd of men, shouting and hollooing.

  Even as I watched, they overtook their
quarry and were upon the chair with drawn
swords. The linkboys and the chairmen
took to their heels. I could hear a deal of
swearing and the thumping of swords upon
the chair roof and sides and very shortly
The Bold Dragoon

107

they had the occupant out, he calling lustily
for the watch, and they shouting with laugh-
ter.

  Unfortunately there was a light there, a
lanthorn that the householder at that corner
had hung out and I had stopped directly
under its light, so that some of the rascals
must have seen me, for one cried out—

  “Go fetch him here and let us sweat the
two of them!”

  At this two or three came over the way
toward me with their swords in their hands
and I lugged out the Picinino with a glorious
whing! The three came to a halt at the
sound and looked rather adrift, being sur-
prized to find, not a poor shopkeeper,
or middle-aged citizen, but a stern-visaged
young man, with a naked broadsword glim-
mering in the lanthorn light.

  “Ho!” they cried. “Blades here! He
draws on us! Blades! Blades!”

  At this the whole party left their prey on
on the other side and rushed over toward me
crying:

  “He draws, does he? We’ll draw him!
Tip him the lion, tip him the lion! Here’s a
comb to be cut! We’ll teach him sword-
play!”

  I set my back against the house and put-
ting the Picinino in guard, considered them,
while they formed a half circle about me.

  Now I am no trouble hunter and certainly
not a brawler, for as I have said, I am of
slight build and light for a dragoon, riding
as I do at scarce ten stone. But here was
trouble thrust upon me and being in a man-
ner of speaking, pot-valiant, I felt no fear of
them, but rather a keen enjoyment.

  Here was a band of young men, idlers and
beaus for the most part, who thought them-
selves successors to the Scourers and Mo-
hocs, very brave in attacking chairmen and
linkboys, but rather given to pause at the
sight of a sword that was made for killing
and not for ornament.

  They stood about me, swearing, and call-
ing to each other to close in and settle the
matter, but none dared to do more than to
point the brad awl he called a sword at me.
So while they stood there of two minds,
whether to close with me or let me alone and
go after easier game, I stepped quickly for-
ward and had my steel into one of them,
halfway to the hilt. He went down with a
sobbing gasp and the rest of them gave back
a little.

  Then with a shout two or three surged at

me, crying to the others to fall on. One’s
sword I shattered with a parade, the other
had an inch or two of the Picinino in his arm
and fled, giving tongue like a kicked pup. I

advanced again, making the broadsword
glitter like a tongue of lightning and the
rest of them took their heels and fled down
the street.

  I bent down to examine the man that I
had let my sword into and as I stooped, my
foot slipped in his blood and I fell, or that
moment had been my last. The third man
of those three that had rushed at me had
lurked in the shadows and when I bent over
he had stepped out and thrust at me, and
but for my slipping would have spitted me.
I went for him.

  “By Jonah’s whale!” he cried. “I’ll slit
your crop like a capon’s!”

  Then neither spoke again, but fell to with
our tucks and thirsted for the other’s blood.

THE other man, whose voice and
face, half shadowed by his hat as
it was, I could have sworn I recog-
nized, was no mean antagonist.
He had a light sword and stuck to the lower
guard, attacking me with great vigor. A
broadsword is no weapon for that kind of
fighting, being a sword for different kind of
work. Indeed, those who are masters of
it use a dagger to do their parrying, using
the sword to thrust only.

  Howbeit, I did what I could, skipping
about and hacking at him whenever chance
offered, but with the weight of the Picinino
and the weakness from my recent wound,
and the fact that I had eaten none too
heartily the past week or so, I began to lose
strength rapidly.

  The form of the other man began to blur
before my eyes, there was a taste of blood in
my mouth and it seemed that I could not
bear the weight of my sword another in-
stant, much less parry a thrust with it.

  My antagonist, feeling me growing weak-
er, pressed his advantage and so fierce was
his attack and feeble my resistance that I
expected every instant to feel his sword
questing among my ribs. I could see his
teeth gleaming in a smile of triumph. He
made a strong thrust at me, but the dark-
ness hindered him and he missed, even
though I made no attempt to parry it.

  This was my salvation for, having my
sword still advanced while he was recover-
ing from the thrust, I summoned what last
io8

Adventure

strength I had and cut down at his head.
He parried just too late, but the stroke was
so weak on my part that he managed to turn
the blade, so that the flat and not the edge
struck him.

  As it was, his hat was flattened and he
went to his knees like a pole-axed bull. I at
once set my foot upon his sword and resting
on the Picinino, tried to recover my breath.
He got back his scattered wits at about the
time that I did my wind and tried to jerk his
sword from under my foot.

  “-you!” he cried. “You have killed

my best friend. I’ll have your heart for

that, by -!”

  “Drop it!” I ordered, and shifting my foot
quickly from the blade, I stamped on his
fingers, so that he dropped the sword and
came for me with his bare hands. I re-
treated, menacing him with- my sword and
I began to fear that I should have to kill
him after all, but he suddenly stopped and
sitting down on the steps of a house, be-
gan to weep bitterly.

  “Come,” said I, “stop your snotting and
if you will lend a hand, we’ll see if we can
not have a surgeon for your friend. Come
back, now, to the light and we’ll see what
can be done!”

  “Yes,” he agreed, “let’s go back; he may
not be dead. By the bones of Timothy, but
this is a sad night’s work!”

  We went back to where the man that I
had thrust through lay in the ditch and I
picked up the two swords and cast them into
the sewer. I went up the street a little way
and looked about me and then went back
to where the other man was loosening the
wounded man’s clothing.

  “This is the foot of Fetter Lane,” said I,
“and my lodgings are but a little way off, so
let’s carry him there and then we can do
what may be necessary. At any rate, we
can not stay here to be taken by the watch
and I think there is some kind of a reward
for Mohocs or any one caught disturbing
the peace of the city after nightfall.”

  “I know not what to do,” cried the other
man, chewing his fingers. “I know not
what way to turn.”

  “Catch hold of his heels!” I directed, “and
I will show you the turnings. It is but a
step down Fleet street and then we will
have him safe enough.”

  So my antagonist took hold of his friend’s
heels and I his head and we started on, car-
rying him between us.

  I could not at that time explain, nor have
I been able to since, why I should befriend
two rufflers and peace - breakers, such as
these, who but a moment before were doing
their best to kill me. I think perhaps my
guiding angel had a hand in it, for certain
it was that this night’s events were to be the
turning point in my fortunes, although I did
not know it for yet a long while.

  Presently we were come to my door and
had the wounded man up the stairs. If any
one heard the noise of us, they would only
think we were late revelers going to bed and
the sight of two men carrying a third was a
common enough one. We laid the wounded
man on the mattress and I struck flint and
steel and lighted a candle.

  “Now then,” I said, “let us get this damp
out of our bones with a little nip,” and I
reached out a bottle of wine that I had, in
which there was about the width of three
fingers of liquid. The other man looked up
at me and the rays of the candle fell full
on his face. It was my rascal, my double-
dealer, my split-tongued liar, my viscount.

  For the space of half a dozen heart-beats
I looked at him, but I had made no mistake
and I only wondered that I had not discov-
ered him before from the tones of his voice,
his strange oaths, and his habit of chewing
upon his fingers when in perplexity. Then
I stepped softly to the door and shot the bolt.

  “Now, my fine viscount,” quoth I, turn-
ing about, “I have a score to settle with you
that has lacked payment over long.”

MY ANTAGONIST started at
this like a spurred horse. He
gazed intently into my stern face
for a moment and then throwing
himself into my one chair, roared with
laughter.

  “By the head of John!” he cried, “if it is
not the gloomy dragoon! Why, this is bet-
ter than a play!” Here he went off into
another gale.

  “Come,” I said, “your laughter is a little
out of place. We have yet your friend to
attend to, after which I know a man who
would do well to say his prayers.”

  At the mention of the wounded man, the
viscount sobered instantly and with the
greatest concern he caught up the candle
and held it closely to his friend’s face.

  “Come here,” he said to me, his features
working piteously. “I fear—I, fear he' is
gone!”
The Bold Dragoon

109

  I took down a bit of mirror that I had and
held it before the wounded man’s mouth,
It came away clear. I lifted one of his hands
and the chill of death was upon it. I felt a
little sick at this, but it had been the man’s
own folly that had brought it upon him and
my greatest care now was how we might dis-
pose of the body.

  “Is he dead?” asked the viscount, with
tears in his eyes. I nodded, whereat the
other burst into weeping.

  “Here,” thought I, “there are at least
some tender feelings in this man after all.”
It was hardly the time to call him to ac-
count for his betrayal of me at the inn, now
that I had killed his dearest friend, his broth-
er perhaps. It might even be a good thing
to cry quits, and at that the balance would
be in my favor.

  “Enough,” I said at last. “Dry up your
tears and be a man, if that is possible. Your
friend is dead and all your groaning will not
bring him back. If you cared as much for
him as all that, you should not have suffered
him to scour about the streets and put him-
self in danger of being run through by some
honest citizen.”

  “I weep not for him,” replied the vis-
count, “but for myself, for that man was
to have been meat and drink to me the
next twelve month.”

  This remark fairly took the wind from me.
I looked about for a place to rest, for my
knees shook under me, but there was none
other than the bed, which the dead man
took up, and the chair in which the viscount
sat. Finally I took my dragoon’s valise and
putting it on the floor, sat down on it, with
my back against the door and the Picinino
across my knees.

  The room was bitter cold and the candle
guttered and swayed in the draft from the
crazy window, but though every bone in me
cried out, and my eyelids were forever
drooping, I resolved that I would have some
sense and satisfaction out of this blubbering
viscount, cost what it might. Two bodies
could be dumped into the Thames as easily
as one. He began, however, to speak with-
out further urging from me.

  “I owe you an explanation, indeed, and
an apology,” he began. “I am a viscount
and the head of my house, but that is all it
amounts to. The entail of my estate was
broken up before I was bom and what with
gaming and wine and women, and an unfor-
tunate venture by my elder brother with the

Earl of Derwentwater, when I came to my
majority and the title, there was nothing to
support either with. My poor father, in an
effort to restore his fortunes, married a sec-
ond time, the daughter of a London ship
owner.

  “Ill fortune,” cried the viscount bitterly,
“has dogged the footsteps of my house for
generations! My stepmother’s father, as
soon as the marriage had taken place, pro-
ceeded to lose all his money, so that my poor
father was again poverty-stricken and
straightway gave up the ghost. I can not
blame him the slightest. He had a posthu-
mous child, a daughter, and the shipowner
was mean enough to settle all that was left
of his fortune upon her. She lives here in
London and gives me a little aid now and
then. She is a girl of most disgusting vir-
tue and makes me promise that I will not
spend at the gaming table any of the money
she is so niggardly with.”

  “Surely an uplifting account,” I observed.
“But what has all this to do with me? I am
not concerned with the wreck of your house
nor your brother who went out with the Earl
of Derwentwater and was probably knocked
in the head with all the rest of that rebel
crew.”

  “Ah,” said the viscount, giving a little
moan and rolling his eyes, “if that rebellion
had only succeeded, I might have been made
a duke.”

  “Be-to you and your dukes,” I cried,

rising. “What of this dead man bleeding
all over my floor? What of my five hun-
dred pounds and a worthless bond? What
of a lying cur that put my neck in the shad-
ow of a rope not a fortnight since?”

  To my surprize the viscount made a com-
plete change of front. He drew back his
chair and rose with a quiet dignity.

  “Sir,” said he through his teeth, “you are
armed and I am not. I have lost my sword
and you have me at your mercy, but if you
will loan me a weapon I will be in a fair way
to make you eat your words. I am no man
to take the lie in my teeth without satisfac-
tion.”

  “I am not here to bandy words with you,”
I replied, “nor must you forget that it is
I that am asking satisfaction. Go on with
your story and bring it to an early end.”

  “Well, then, this man,” pointing to the
form on the couch, “was my school fellow.
He was an orphan, but his mother’s brother
had taken upon himself the schooling of him.
no

Adventure

Money he had, and horses and a man or two.
This uncle of his lived in the American colo-
nies and must have been a man of great
wealth, to judge by the allowance his neph-
ew had.

  “Now then, my friend comes up to Lon-
don to live and very shortly the name of
the honorable George Brockhurst, there he
lies—” nodding toward the bed—“became
well known as a reckless plunger, both at
the tables and with the fair sex. In the
midst of this comes a letter to me where I
am biting my nails in Hanau, saying that
word has come that the uncle is dead and
the Honorable George is sole heir and would
I care to make the journey to the colonies
with him to claim his estate.

  “He was my old schoolfellow and play-
mate, you see and, moreover, he owed me
upward of two thousand pounds that I had
diced from him from time to time. I ap-
plied for leave, but could get none, and hav-
ing no one at home to plead for me, I was
like to stay in Germany and so lose this gol-
den opportunity.”

  “I had heard that you had so many debt-
ors they would not trust you out of their
sight!” I interjected.

  “Well, perhaps so,” said he, “no matter.
To continue: Your worthy doctor had a
system of getting men away, but he must
have payment first, for the Head Passage
Cull does no business on tick, and I had no
money. He proposed to me that I join a
mission that was going shortly to England
from the court of Young Stuart in Italy,
which mission was to pass through Hanau,
to have a look at the state of King George’s
army.

  “There being no other way for me to get
to England, I agreed. At this time he men-
tioned cutting your throat and that matter
was cleared, as you know. You being so
generous as to make me a loan there was no
need of being a Jacobite, so I was quit of
them and had no more to do with them.”

  “Why then did they pursue you so thirsti-
ly? They hunger for your blood, my buck!”

HE CHANGED color a bit and
moved about nervously.

  “Ah, well, they have little rea-
son. They provided me with a
passport that took a good fortnight and
much money to get, and I did not return
it to them, and moreover I had some knowl-
edge of their plans.”

  “And so betrayed them to the Norfolk
Coast Guard!”

  “What would you,” he cried, “that I
should let them land in peace and come
whooping into England to cut my throat
and overturn the government? How do
you know all this? Did they give you pas-
sage in my place? I warrant you they did by
your sober face. Well, my gallant galloper,
your neck is in the shadow of the scaffold if
you came into England in that company!”
“Not on your word,” I retorted. “There
breathes no man so near to death as the vis-
count of Barnet at this minute. Say on,
now!”

  “Well, there is not much more to say, save
that I intended to redeem my bond from
this man’s funds and I really had an estate
to secure, even if it was in America and not
in England. But it is all one now, by
your unlucky sword, and so I think you
have your revenge of me after all.”

  “But how of betraying me at the inn with

such a-false currish lie as you put upon

me there? And moreover when you rode
away so swiftly from me in Flanders, you
lifted my purse, which was poor enough
return for the good I had done you.”

  “I lifted your purse? You rave! I did
no such thing! Your purse indeed! Had
I robbed you would I have come back to
that inn-yard and lifted you on a horse and
put my neck in danger, having gotten safely
away once? Could you not lose it? Could
not any horse tender or turn spit in the inn
have gone through you while you lay there
like one dead? And you put the blame on
me!”

  “Well, why did you not wait for me at
Williamstadt?”

  “I waited, man, as long as I could! I
must to England! Why, this man was on
the eve of sailing, as I thought. I waited
and when you were a week overdue, I took
ship, because there was little chance of get-
ting another for some time.”

  “Umph!” I grunted. “Smooth enough,
but your words lack the strength of truth.
Where is my money?”

  “The half that you gave me in Hanau I
expended in getting to England. I was
again out of money and coming down to
London where the Honorable George await-
ed me impatiently. So it was that the
unfortunate affair of the inn occurred.
Wait! — holding up his hand, for I was stir-
ring impatiently—“I lacked funds for
The Bold Dragoon

hi

clothes and to make the appearance that
would be fitting. I had struck up an ac-
quaintance with my honest merchant in
the coach and it was fast ripening into
friendship when the affair of the highway-
man took place. Was it not an act of Provi-
dence? It was the one thing I lacked to
settle me firmly with Old Moneybags, to
restore his pilfered gold. You see,” he said,
smiling upon me with an open countenance,
“he would be the more likely to make me a
small loan, being in my debt, as it were.”

  “And so I was the stepping-stone to favor
with the merchant, even though it cost me
my neck!”

  The viscount laughed a trifle uneasily.

  “Nonsense! I would have had you freed
next day. I would not have let any harm
come to you. As it was, when the landlord
awakened the entire inn with shrieking that
you had escaped and stolen his horse, it was
I that set them upon the wrong track by
telling them that you would make for the
coast instead of London.

  “But now,” he continued, “it is all at an
end. I think we may cry quits indeed. I
made you some slight inconvenience, but
you have made me much more, for I have
now no means of livelihood, nor the where-
withal to get me home again.”

  “How am I to know that this is not made
of whole cloth and that you never saw this
man before tonight?”

  The viscount stepped over to the dead
man and thrusting his hand into his bosom,
drew out a leathern portfolio. This he put
down upon the chair and taking a handker-
chief from his skirt pocket, wiped the blood
from the leather. Then he opened the port-
folio and drew out a packet of papers bound
with red tape.

  “He always carried these with him,’ said
the viscount, “lest they be stolen. It seems
he was at some pains to collect them, so
that there should be no slip up, for he said
that there was not a soul in the colonies that
k lew him and that there must be no doubt
of his identity.

  “Here ” continued the viscount, taking
out a paper and extending it to me, “is the
original letter from the agent in London
that the uncle was dead and that George
was the sole heir. Here is a scroll of the
will, the original being in the colonies. Here
is a scroll of the parish register where George
was bom and a letter from the solicitor to
Mr. Huckins, in Boston, America, who is the

custodian of the estate, that the bearer,
whose signature appears above, is the Hon-
orable George Brockhurst, nephew and heir
of Matthew Tupper, gentleman, as per the

inclosed papers.”

  The viscount looked at this last letter
sadly, then slowly his eyes began to widen.

 “Why burn my soul in -!” he cried,

“there is no signature at the top! The Hon-
orable George hath not signed his name in
the place provided.”

  He sat a moment in deep thought, while
I nodded my head and yearned for sleep,
for my windows were graying with the com-
ing dawn. Suddenly the viscount looked
me fixedly in the face.

  “Who Is to know,” cried he, “but what I
am the Honorable George Brockhurst?
Here’s the proof and I can sign my name
there,” and he waved the agent’s letter un-
der my nose. “Come, will you go to Ameri-
ca with me and be my companion? If I win
this estate, the half of it shall be yours.
There, is not that a recompense? Is not
that proof that I am your friend? It will
make you rich for life!

  The memory of what followed is some-
what dim to me. I was beside myself with
fatigue and would have no further discus-
sion of the matter until I had had some
sleep, so telling the viscount to make him-
self comfortable on the floor, I went outside
on the landing and locked him in.

  I knew he would not steal away, for as
long as I was alive I would be in possession
of his secret and have the means of ruining
his project, but I had no desire to sleep in
the same room with him, for I felt that he
was not above slitting my throat with my
own sword, directly as I was asleep.

  I awakened later in the morning when the
wench who took care of the lodgings came
to make up the bed. I sent her about her
business and she went, nothing loath to get
out of some work. Then I aroused the vis-
count and we discussed the matter again.
Finally I told him he must keep watch by
the body until nightfall and that none must
enter the room and that upon my return he
should have his answer.

  I went to the inn where Dashbaugh’s
party were billeted to see what he might
have to offer in the way of suggestion for a
livelihood, but he was abroad and no one
knew when he would return. I found that
I had but one shilling left and my lodging
to pay on the morrow, so I decided that I
112

Adventure

had best go to the Devil in Temple Bar and
have a bit to eat, for I had not broken my
fast since the day before.

  “Go to the-, indeed,” I thought. “A

very happy jest.”

  As I went in I glanced up at the sign,
which is that of the devil pulling St. Dun-
stan’s nose—the church of St. Dunstan be-
ing opposite—and I thought that that was
the way of it everywhere; that wrong tri-
umphed and honor was made a mock of.

  So, since I had no money and would be in
the street tomorrow without a roof to cover
me and no prospect of honorable employ-
ment, I decided that I would go to America
with the viscount for the food and shelter it
would give me, Iput as for the estate, I would
have none of it. I knew him now for what
he was, and would have my eye upon him.
He that would cry out upon me at this, let
him be alone and friendless in a great city,
with winter coming on, and see how long his
moral courage will hold out.

WHEN I had come back to my
garret, I found the door open and
the viscount gone and with him
the body of the dead man. There
was no blood upon the bed, beyond a few
spots here and there, but there was a deal
upon the floor and this I made shift to
clean up with an old shirt. While I was
about this matter, there was a great clatter-
ing up the stair and the viscount rushed in.

  “Ha!” he cried, “we are in luck indeed.
Well, and what is your answer, noble dra-
goon?”

  “Who is to pay the expense of this ven-
ture?”

  “Why, that we must discover,” said he,
wrinkling his brow, “but I have two or three
ways that it may be done. That indeed is
the slightest trouble. Passage has already
been engaged and paid for by the Honorable
George’s agent, to whom I am known, thank
God. It remains to keep him away from us
till the ship sails. The captain of the vessel
but knows that theHonorable GeorgeBrock-
hurst and a companion are to sail with him
and if I can find out the name of the ship
and where she lies, we may foil the agent in
some manner.”

  “Where is the body,”

  “Neatly done!” cried the viscount. “A
neat trick, if I do say so. I stepped out
some time since to have a dram to steady
my nerves. Who should I meet but an old

acquaintance of mine, a student of surgery.
I whispered him that I knew of a good sub-
ject and he, dragging me to a nearby tap
where there were three or four more of his
persuasion, they made up a purse between
them, and very shortly came with a hamper
and cart and relieved us of the Honorable
George and we are now five pounds the
richer. Here—” and he tendered me some
coins—“Here is your share, for we are to go
half and half in every thing!”

  “I thank you for your generous offer—”
I was really quite smitten to the heart by
it—“but I will have no blood money. A
moment ago you were sobbing that I killed
your best friend and now you sell his corpse
to a body-snatcher!”

  “As you please,” he said, whistling. “He
is dead and we might as well have some
profit by his demise. The slavey here had
her eye to a crack of the door when we were
taking him out, but I gave her a kiss and
a crown, so we need fear nothing on that
score. But come, let us out of this hole,
for I have a pleasanter place in Pall Mall,
where I lived with the late lamented, so let
us begone to it.”

  As we went down the stairs he objected
to the Picinino, saying that I would draw
attention to us, wearing that great sword of
French make about, but I told him that
there was no way of concealing it and that

I	would not go without it, so he held his
peace.

  That night we lay in the Honorable
George Brockhurst’s lodgings in St. Albans
Street. The next day the viscount was up
betimes and cried that it would be a busy
day. It seems that the Honorable George
had been planning to sail within the week.

  “Now, then,” I asked the viscount, “did
he imperil his liberty and even his life by
running about the streets with all that ri-
bald crew?”

  “It was a little farewell,” said the vis-
count. “Brockhurst and I had been to the
Red Lion in Chick Lane and were coming
home very friendly when we met some men
at the head of Fetter Lane with whom the
Honorable George had acquaintance. We
had a rouse or two in one of the taverns and
then the company suggested that we break
a few lanthorns and give the sweat to an
apprentice or two, .to teach them to stay
indoors at unseemly hours.

  “The sweat, you know,” he continued,
looking at me from the corner of his eye, “is
The Bold Dragoon

113

given by surrounding the victim and prick-
ing him in that part of his body that pre-
sents the best target. Naturally he will
turn away from the sword point, thus pre-
senting the target to another member of the
circle.”

   “I dare say it is a very delightful thing to
undergo, but will not these gay companions
make some inquiry regarding the Honorable
George’s fate?”

  “Not they. There would be too much
explaining of their own part in the night’s
doings required. And then they ran away
when Brockhurst was struck down, which
Would be a hard thing to tell about.”

  We were somewhat concerned with an
outfit for me, since the viscount wanted the
Honorable George’s clothes for himself and
he had no extras of his own. I possessed
the clothes I stood up in and a change of
linen, but finally we found an old one of the
Honorable George’s that fitted me none too
well and with that I had to be content.

  “Why, then,” cried the viscount, “the
name of our ship is the Gull and we must be
about finding her or we are unmade.”

  So we set forth and asked the watermen
about Whitehall Stairs if they knew of the
Gull.

  “That I do, your washups!” howled one.
“She lies at Redriff. I knows ’er. A liddle
ship she be, for the colonies.”

  “That’s the one,” said the viscount, and
after some haggling about the fare, for the
waterman said it was a longish pull, we took
into the boat and were rowed to where the
Gull lay.

         THE Gull was, as the waterman
j had said, a “liddle” ship, scarce
larger than the lugger that had
'MWLS brought me from France. She
had a castle on the after part of her and an-
other one, not so high, on the fore, but she
seemed a small craft to brave the voyage to
the Americas. However, upon the water-
man’s crying out, some men with seamen’s
caps on their heads looked over the rail and
presently let down a ladder to us, by which
we went into the ship.

   After we had stood for some time, sniffing
the fearful stench of tar and rope grease and
other noisome things, a man came to us
from where they were nailing the covers on
the holes in the deck through which the
cargo is stored, and civilly inquired our
business.

  I am the Honorable George Brockhurst,”
said the viscount, “and have engaged pas-
sage to the Americas in this vessel.”

   “Oh, yes,” said the sailor, making a curi-
ous motion with his knuckle at his forelock.
“Would you care to see your berths?”

  “We would,” said the viscount.

  “Is your baggage in the boat?”

  “Baggage in the boat! Why, no! Did
you expect us to bring our baggage now?”

  “It were best that you bring it aboard
today and come yourselves, sirs, for we ex-
pect to be dropping down river this time to-
morrow.”

  The viscount was considerably taken
aback at this, but he recovered and direc-
ted the sailor to show us our berths. These
proved to be two shelves, one above the
other, in a damp, dark room under the after
part of the ship.

   “Are you certain that these are the right
ones?” asked the viscount, wrinkling his
nose at the evil smell of the place.

  “Aye!” said the sailor, “for here is the
name chalked on the door.” And he showed
us the name of Brockhurst with a figure

2	beneath it, on the narrow door.

  “Enough,” said the viscount. “Let us
make what speed we may to St. Albans
Street and have our baggage on board.”

  So we went over the side again and back
up the river, the viscount saying never a
word, but chewing his fingers all the way,
so I could see that he was upset in mind.

  “There was dirt planned to be done some
one,” the viscount announced when we were
back in the room once more, “for I did not
know that we were to sail for a week yet. I
had no outfit for this venture whatsoever.
I can now use Brockhurst’s, but we will have
no time to supply you with one. Have you
any money at all?”

   “Not a groat,” I replied sadly enough.
Here the viscount fell to chewing his fin-
gers again and beat his brow.

  “Did not the dead man have some money
here?”

  “Why to be sure!” cried the viscount,
leaping up. “He discharged his man ser-
vant the day before yesterday and he paid
him his wages in this very room. He kept
the money in here.”

  He crossed the room to a small desk
or secretary that stood there, through the
drawers and cabinets of which he went like
a terrior after a bone. He turned about
with a rather white face.
ii4

Adventure

  “Thereis no money there,” he said. “It
must be somewhere; he would not go on a
journey like this without money.”

  “Perhaps he intended to get an advance
from the agent. Perhaps he carried it about
with him. Did you search his clothes be-
fore they took him away?”

  The viscount gave a loud shriek when I
had finished and began to curse and to
swear in a manner such as I had rarely
heard, even in the army.

  “To be sure,” he said at last. “He had it
on him and I never thought to go through
him. You were there. Why didn’t you
search his pockets?”

  “I am not in the habit of robbing the men
I kill,” I answered.

  The viscount turned to me in one of those
sudden changes of character that I was to
marvel at during the coming months.

  “Listen,” said he, “you be-. If you

are going in with me to steal an estate from
a man you have murdered, let us have none
of this sanctimonious attitude of yours. I
picked you out of the gutter and am in a
fair way to make you rich for life, so I want
no turning up of noses. If you are with me
in this, well and good, if not, there is the
door and you may pack yourself off at once!”
I had to laugh.

  “Good enough,” I said. “Good enough.
I was wrong. I can see that you and I will
get on famously. After this I make no
more comments.”

  The viscount, however, was back in his
former mood, tugging at his hair and wring-
ing his hands.

  “I have it!” he cried at last. “Wait for
me here. Cord up some of this luggage,
will you? I’ll be back before dark and then
we can go to the Mermaid and have some
supper and so to the ship.”

  Then he clapped his hat on his head and
went out.

  He had been gone about an hour and I
had corded up two chests and was at work
on a third, when the door which had been
unlocked, opened suddenly and a woman
entered, without so much as “by your
leave.” She had on a dress of some coarse
gray stuff and a mob cap, from under which
her black hair escaped in waving strands.
She had a very hard countenance, upon
which there were traces of ancient beauty.
Her fingers were heavily jeweled, and so
were her ears, and she had a fan of feathers
in her hand.

  “So!” she began, after a long silence. “I
thought as much! And so my gallant gentle-
man had been skulking off these last two or
three days and thinks he will get safely
away with a quarter’s rent in his pocket! ‘I
will not leave for a fortnight,’ says he, and
in two days he is gone and his baggage cord-
ed up. And who might you be?” she asked,
peering sharply at me.

  “I am Mr. Brockhurst’s companion,” I
told her. I nearly said the viscount Bar-
net’s, but checked myself in time.

  “Oh, you are! I see you are not above
wearing his old clothes!” referring to the
suit I had on, which was indeed one of the
Honorable George’s old ones. I made her
no reply.

  “Will your master be back shortly?” she
asked after a while.

  “I do not know,” I replied.

  “Well,” she remarked, “do you know
where he is?”

  “No,” I answered roughly enough, and
went on with cording the chest.

  “I shall wait for his return,” she decided.
“I have a crow to pick with him and it may
as well be done now as any time. I have
not kept these lodgings for ten years without
meeting a few of his kidney. I will have my
rent, do you hear?”

  I paid no attention and the woman began
to move about the room.

  “Look!” she cried, “at my fine bed, all
chipped and scarred!”

  The Honorable George had indeed broken
the footboard badly, probably by lying
down on the bed and catching the heel of
his boot on it, to draw the boot off his leg.
I suppose he had thrown his bootjack at
his servant and was too drunk to look for it
again.

  “See this table, where they have left their
dirty liquor and never offered me so much as
the smell of the cork! And tobacco on my
rugs! I tell you fifty pound would not re-
pay the damage to this room. Look at
that!”

  She pointed to where some one had dug
the wall with a sword, probably in illustra-
ting the story of a street brawl or in doing
exercise.

  “And does he think he will get away with-
out paying my score? Does he? I’ll have
it out of that ugly face of his first!”

  And she hooked her fingers most threaten-
ingly. After a while she began another as-
sault, this time by wheedling me.
The Bold Dragoon

115

  “Tell me, lad,” she began presently,
“does he keep any of his money in the
room? In that desk, perhaps?” And she
leered at me.

  “You may look for all of me,” I told her,
knowing full well that there was none there.

  She proceeded at once to hunt the drawers
but found nothing other than some scented
notes, which she sniffed at and then read
with every appearance of a lively interest.
Then she came back and tried again.

  “Do you think,” she began, sitting on the
chest which I had uncorded and corded a
dozen times for something to do, “that your
master will be back before supper?”

  “I have no idea,” I replied, and leaving
her, went over to the window. She followed
at once and coming closely up to me asked
softly, “You are not accustomed to the com-
pany of a lady such as I am, or you would
be more civil.”

  “No,” said I, turning away from the
heavy scent she had upon her, “I have not
been in Shoreditch these three years.”

  Fool that I was to bait a woman of her
type! She gave a wild shriek and the fire
flew from her eyes.

  “-you!” she cried. “You baboon’s

foundling! I’ll kill you for that!”

  And she was upon me, clawing and spit-
ting like a cat, so that I was forced to put her
out the door and a hard enough time I had
doing it. Once she was in the passage, she
fell to kicking the panels and screeching
more oaths than one would hear in a
long day’s walk through the darkest parts
of London. Finally she went downstairs
and I heard the bang of the street door
after her.

I WAS breathing easily again
when the viscount returned and
hammered on the locked door.
“Why the bolting and bar-
ring?” he inquired.

   I told him of my caller.

  “Oh, that was Nell,” he said in disgust.
“She was a famous beauty once and some
lord gave her this house and set her up as a
lodging house keeper to salve his conscience
and keep her quiet concerning a love affair
of theirs.”

  Then he began again.

  “I had an idea that that was the reason
for Brockhurst telling every one we would
not sail for a sennight. He was to beat his
quarter’s rent, and-knows how many

tradesmen’s bills, by nipping out without
saying a word to any one. There is, indeed,
no time to lose. You fool, to insult her like
that! She has probably gone for the bai-
liffs and if we do not haste out of here, we
are likely to come no nearer our ship than
the Fleet.” Here he laughed at his own
joke. “I doubt not that Brockhurst owed
every tailor and wig-maker in London. Now
then, with tjiose chests. I have a man below
with a cart to carry them to the Stairs.”

  But before we could so much as raise one
chest from the floor, we heard a woman’s
step on the stair and the door slammed open
and banged against the wall.

  I looked up, prepared to meet the lady
Nell once more, but instead beheld a vision
of loveliness that quite took my breath
away. Here was a dainty maid, perhaps
eighteen, with a profusion of golden curls
and eyes of such a blue as took the
breath. Men of the mounted forces are
more appreciative of beauty in women, I
think, being accustomed to the appraising
of horses by their appearance, and here was
as fine a young filly as one could want, with
a conformation that defied comparison.

  “Why Maud Burkie!” cried the viscount.
“What are you doing here? And if that
isn’t Doris! Come in, Doris dear.”

  The vision came in, her nose in the air,
followed by a gigantic female with shoulders
like the trunnions of a gun and mustaches
that would do credit to a grenadier.

  “Ye needna ‘dear’ me,” muttered the
grenadier woman, “for I ha’ known you
ower long for the wastrel ye are.”

  “I might ask what you are doing here,
my dear viscount,” said the blue-eyed lady.

  “Why I am—or have been—living with
the Honorable George, and this gentle-
man—’’ nodding at me—“is Hugh Ban-
croft, a friend of mine, whom I crave leave
to present. Miss Maud Burkie.”

  She acknowledged the introduction with
a scarcely perceptible curtsy, but smiled at
me very winningly.

  “You have made a small mistake,” she
said to the viscount, still showing her white
teeth. “I am not Miss Maud Burkie any
longer, but have taken another name.”
“Indeed!” cried the viscount. “Pray ac-
cept my most heartfelt wishes for all the
happiness this world affords. And who
might the lucky man be?”

  “Ah,” said the lady, “I hesitate to tell
you, for I fear you will be angry.”
Ii6

Adventure

  “Not I!” exclaimed the viscount. “I lost
all hopes of you years ago.’'

  “It is not that,” pouted the blue-eyed one.
“But I fear that the news will put you to
some inconvenience.”

  “Well, let’s have it anyway.”

  “I would have you know,” said the lady,
casting her eyes to the ground, “that I have
been married to the Honorable George these
seven months and that my name is not Miss
Burkie, but Mrs. Brockhurst.”

  The clock ticked, wheels rattled from the
street and the cry of a man selling brooms
came faintly to us. Doris shifted her weight
and I jumped at the creaking of the boards.

  “Oh, this is a- mess, a confounded

mess, O God!” moaned the viscount. “Your
husband never said anything to me of this
marriage!”

  “It was a secret affair,” said she, “and I
was to join him in London when he had
found a home and then we were to make it
known. But I was lonely and impatient
and so came without waiting for a sum-
mons. When do you expect my husband?”
The viscount looked at me, but I had no
help for him. I think the lady had some
idea of the truth at that, for she grew very
white.

  “Tell me,” she cried, “is anything amiss?”
  “No,” said the viscount.

  “Is my husband ill?”

  “He is dead!” I cried, and could have bit-
ten off my tongue.

  The lady shrieked and Doris leaped to her
side and cursed me most heartily in her
Scotch tongue, like a true grenadier.

  “Where is he buried?” cried the lady.

  “He was drowned,” blurted the viscount.
“A boat was overset and his body was never
found.”

  The facile liar!

  At that the poor girl wilted like a rose in
the heat and Doris bore her away and in
a short time we heard a coach departing.

  “Let us hurry, in--’s name,” cried the

viscount, “for she will be back and want the

details and the-will be to pay. I come

of a border family,” he moaned, “and with
trying to sit on two stools since the days of
Bruce they have many times fallen between
them, but I doubt if any member of my
house has been cursed with ill luck equal to
mine.

  “There,” he panted, “now let’s be quick
with these chests, and once we are on ship-
board we can laugh at them all.”

  We picked up the chest and hurried it
downstairs, to where a man was waiting
with a barrow. There were three of the
chests and when we were on the stairs with
the last one, there was a noise of voices at
the door, and a woman’s over all of them.

  “It’s Nell!” said the viscount sadly.
“Now the fat is in the fire! Well, let’s
face her down.”

mIT WAS indeed Nell. The woman
that had cursed me through the
door had lost no time in her mov;-
ments. She had with her two great
hulking men, armed with knotty clubs, and
she urged them in shrill tones to do their duty.

  “Seize them!” she cried. “That’s him!
He’d do an honest woman out of a quarter’s
rent! Grab him! Catch hold there! There’s
law in England yet.”

  There was quite a crowd of idlers, boys
and serving men, and all manner of hobble-
dehoys gathered about and Nell began to
harangue these concerning her wrongs, to
their great delight. One of the bailiffs
stepped up to the viscount and civilly
enough inquired if he were the Honorable
George Brockhurst.

  “No indeed,” replied the viscount. “I
am the viscount of Barnet and this is my
companion, Captain Bancroft. This ex-
cellent lady is mistaken in our identity.”
The bailiff fell back and begged his par-
don, raying that he had an order for the de-
livery of the body of one George Brockhurst
to the governor of the Fleet Prison. The
viscount looked so lofty and unconcerned,
smiling a little, and resting his hand upon a
walking stick he had acquired with the fine
suit he wore, that I thought he would awe
them down and we should get safely away.
But as he raised his hand in a signal to the
man to proceed with the cart, I noticed a
sour-faced man shoving his way through
the crowd.

  “Hold all!” cried this one. “Bailiff, seize
this man!”

  “I am not Mr. Brockhurst,” said the vis-
count, smiling.

  “That’s as it may be,” answered the sour-
faced man, “but I made that suit and I have
not yet been paid for it nor for this one
either,” pointing to me. “Seize them both!”
“Aye,” cried Nell. “Have at them!
They owe me for a quarter’s rent! Ho!
thieves, thieves!” The crowd cheered her
thunderously.
The Bold Dragoon

117

  “You shall smart for this,” declared the
viscount to the sour-faced man.

  “I dare say,” was the reply. “Mean-
while have them to the Fleet, both of them
and that cartload of clothes to my house.”

  The sour-faced man produced a bundle of
writs after he had spoken and handed them
to one of the bailiffs. This one directed the
driver to go somewhere with our chests and
then, taking the viscount by the arm,
started off with him, leaving his companion
to follow with me.

  The one that had the viscount required
his sword of him, upon which the man that
was with me asked me for mine and I had to
yield up the Picinino to him. This seemed
to produce a strange effect upon the crowd,
who saw the sword plainly for the first time
and divers of them remarked upon its pat-
tern. Then, after a time, they stopped
their jeering and numbers of them took
themselves off, up alleys and down lanes,
at the top of their speed.

  The officers were taking us by the back
streets to escape as much attention as pos-
sible, but the crowd about us kept growing
larger and by the time we were come to
the back of Covent Garden, it bid fair to
be a mob. Then it was that I had some ink-
ling of the reason for all this excitement,
which could not be caused by seeing two
debtors hauled to jail.

  There was a man running about from one
to another, pointing, calling, and waving his
hand. I saw his face once or twice and knew
him. It was the leader of the Jacobite
party who had come with me to England.
I knew his purpose, too. He would have
both me and the viscount slain, and so have
revenge on the one and be rid of the other.
The crowd responded to his efforts.

  “The one be’ind,” they cried, pointing,
“ Vs a ’ard looker, ’e is! Lookit’s Scots
sword!”

  “Aye, belike ’e’s a wild Tghland man.”

  “Long life to King George!” howled some
of them, “and be-to all Jacobites!”

  The crowd snarled its approval and a
cloud of filth and vegetables flew through
the air. The two bailiffs halted and con-
ferred.

  “We should ha’ brought a coach,” said
one of them, “and all this would ha’ been
missed.”

  They debated about going into an inn
and sending for help, for the mob was be-
coming more and more menacing and was

commencing to bay in a most threatening
manner. They firmly believed by now that
we were Jacobites or French spies, or as-
sassins of some kind and they thirsted for
our blood.

  Just at the moment when the mob was
packed closest about us and we could see
their dirty, snarling faces and smell the reek
of the kennel and the stews and ditches
where they denned, upon them, the vis-
count thrust his hand into his pocket and
after a moment brought it out again.

  “Catch!” he cried and flung a handful of
coins in the air.

  There was one tremendous roar from the
mob, a host of dirty hands were thrust in
air and then a wild scrambling began on the
stones, all else forgotten at the sight of a
little gold. I grasped the stratagem at once,
nor needed the viscount’s shout to spur me
to action. The man that held me was over-
thrown and he and I fell to the pavement
together, but I was up the first and wrench-
ing my sword from his hands, was deep in
the crowd before he was off his back.

  I thought I should never get clear of
them, for they were all fighting their way to
the center, roaring and striking with their
fists and paying me not the slightest heed.
Finally I won through and having got clear
of the skirts of the crowd, found the vis-
count and we both set off down the first
street at the best speed we could muster.

  When the roar of the riot had grown faint
behind us, we slowed to a walk, twisting and
turning to throw off pursuit. People
glanced at us in curiosity, for the viscount
was very torn and battered, and I doubt
not but what I was in worse case, but none
hindered us and finally we came to the river
just at dusk and secured a boat to go down
to the Gull.

CHAPTER VII

OF HOW WE PUT FORTH TO SEA AGAIN

f I 'HE night came on with a thick fog, so
that when we were come aboard none
noticed our tattered condition. We went at
once into our berths and then the viscount
sat him down on the sleeping shelf and cov-
ered his face with his hands.

  “If ever,” he moaned, “there was a more
ill-omened venture, I do not know of it.
Here we are for sea, our baggage lost, our
clothes torn, and the hounds upon our trail.
I tell you that confounded meat-ax of yours
n8

Adventure

will have you hanged yet. And you must
needs go out of your way to make an enemy
of Nell, so that she has the bailiffs about our
ears and sends off a boy to tell the tailors we
are breaking cover.

   “If you he cold all across the ocean, you
will have only yourself to thank, for if it
had not been for your folly we would not
have lost our baggage and all our bed cov-
ering. Oh, curse and confound and crush
me!” he moaned. “I come of an ill-starred
house and should expect no luck in this
world.”

  “We are at liberty, though, and not in a
debtors’ prison,” I reminded him.

  “Nor are we out of the harbor yet. I
might mention that we are somewhat poorer
than when we left the house, and God he
knows that we were poor enough then. I do
not know how much I threw to that dirty
rabble, but it was more than I could afford,
I warrant you that.”

   “Our passage is paid for.”

  “To what end? To land us penniless in
an unknown land, full of woods and wild
savages.”

   “But there will be an estate to furnish us
with food and what other things we need.”
“Why so there will! I had never thought
of that. Indeed I had forgotten it for the
moment. Why so indeed! Come,” he cried,
all cheer and smiles once more, “things are
not so bad after all. Cheer up, man!”

  Since I was the only one who had been
cheerful up to now, I thought he need not
have made this last remark. By way of re-
buke I mentioned the widow Brockhurst.

  “Aha!” he laughed. “Never fret about
her. I know her of old. Her husband is
dead, her little romance is over, and she
will fly away back to the north again and
marry some other idiot. And so that fond
fool married little Maud! He certainly
pulled the wool over all our eyes. God be
praised she came not a sennight sooner!”
He sat down again on the sleeping shelf.
“Now, then, touching our financial mat-
ters. Yesterday I went to see our friend
the merchant, whom you will remember—”
here he glanced under his lashes at me with
a very impudent smirk—“we had some busi-
ness with about a fortnight since. He re-
membered me, had me into his counting
house, gave me a glass of very excellent
wine, and rang for his man to throw an-
other stick on the fire.

  “I reminded him of what I had told him

on the journey, for I had given him a full
account of where I was going and for what
purpose, save that at that time I expected to
be the Honorable Brockhurst’s companion,
and not the Honorable Brockhurst himself.
He said that he remembered and inquired
as to the Honorable’s state of health, which
you may be sure I did not tell truth-
fully. Then I made the suggestion that he
advance me a trifle. Solomon’s wives! I
could feel the ice freeze!

   “He inquired why I do not apply to the
Honorable George or to his agent, or why I
did not bring sufficient funds for a voyage to
America, where the greater part of the peo-
ple go naked all the time. To all this I had
no answer, of course, and he thereupon rang
for his man again, not to throw a stick on
the fire, but to throw me out, so I took my
departure.

   “I did, though, fire one parting shot. I
told him that if I caught him on the heath
again that I would have his heart of him.
I think it was a hit, for he changed color.
So we must battle our way across the win-
try sea with nothing but the remnant of our
income from the Honorable George’s corpse
to keep us until we come into our estate.”

   I was awakened in the morning by men’s
voices and a bumping against the side. The
sun was up and reflected from the river on
the roof of the berth with a quivering, shim-
mering light, running about like a will-o-
the-wisp. I listened and found to my hor-
ror that there was a boat under the windows
of the berth and men in her talking with
others on the deck.

   “So you are sure they are not aboard?”
asked some one in the boat. “Make no mis-
take, my man, the giving of shelter to trai-
tors is a hanging offense!”

   “Un be not abooard, I tell ’e,” cried some
one on the deck. “Let Red Breast coom
abooard, I’ll warrant we’ll show un soon
enough!”

   There was a sound of laughter from sev-
eral throats at this and a chorus of cheery
invitations to “Coom oop!” accompanied
by a scattered thumping, by which I was
led to believe that those on deck had clubs
or staves and were pounding the rail with
them.

   I looked at the shelf where the viscount
slept and discovered him wide awake, with
beads of sweat upon his brow. He made me
a sign to be silent and we listened a while
longer to those in the boat threatening and
The Bold Dragoon

119

those on deck jeering, and finally we heard
the rattle of oars put out again and the
thump and creak of them as the boat was
rowed away.

  The viscount was very gray about the
chops.

  “They are hunting us,” he said with dry
lips. “They must have soldiers after us,
too. Did you hear him mention traitors?”

  “There is nothing to fear,” I assured him.
“I am no traitor and the possession of a
French sword does not make me one. It’s
an Italian sword by rights, anyway. I still
have my papers, too.”

  Now all the time of our arrest and during
and after’the riot, I had kept my dragoon’s
valise, which I had worn about my shoul-
ders by a strap. It was so obviously a piece
of personal property, and of little value,
being all chipped and cut with the usage of
the campaigns, that the bailiffs had not
troubled themselves to take it from me. In
it was my discharge, and one or two letters
that certain officers had seen fit to write
from time to time regarding services that I
had performed during the campaign. If
any one thought me a traitor, he had but
to read me these letters.

  There came a rap at the door. I reached
out and took hold of the Picinino and the
viscount thrust his hand under his mat-
tress, where he had a pistol.

  “Come in,” he called.

  The door opened and a bearded man with
very bright blue eyes entered.

  “Good morning to you, sirs,” he said. “I
would advise you to he quiet today and for
so long as we shall be in the river. Some
friends of yours were inquiring for you al-
ready.”

  “But really,” I said, “we are innocent of
the offense with which we are charged. It
is not us they are after-”

  A quick change flashed across the bearded
man’s face, a momentary brightening like a
glimpse of the sun through winter’s clouds.

  “I ask no man his business,” he said, peer-
ing at me under his heavy brows. “My
owners tell me that passage is paid for such
a one. I will carry him to his port if my ship
fives. There may be a great to-do on land,
but at sea the wind blows and calm falls and
the tempest roars whether Stuart or Han-
over, Catholic or Protestant sits on the
throne. When passengers come aboard
with swords like that—” pointing to the
Picinino—“and no baggage, and their

clothes showing signs of recent conflict, I
advise them to stay below decks, even if
boats full of officers have not been scouring
the river since sun-up.”

  “Who are they seeking?” asked the vis-
count.

  “A French spy and a certain Scotch vis-
count, who incited a crowd to riot and
mobbed two of his Majesty’s officers in the
city yesterday.”

  “Are we sailing today?” I asked.

  “No. We expected to, but there was a
new consignment of goods, so we have had
the hatches off and will be here for two or
three more days. Lay low and you will have
no trouble. I should think that once they
discovered you had taken ship for the col-
onies, they would trouble you no longer.”

  He bade us good day after that, and went
out.

  “Aye,” said the viscount, “if we were
spies and traitors they would let us be, but
since we are only poor debtors, they raise
the hue and cry all up and down the
Thames.”

FOR three days we lay at our
anchor, waiting, I suppose, for
the new goods, but they never
came. It was perishing cold, for
the window of the berth had no glass, but
was closed by a heavy wooden shutter.
When the shutter was open, the wind came
in and froze us and when it was closed, the
fearful smell of the place was like to suffo-
cate us. We had sent ashore for some bed
covering, and the master had given us an
old boat cloak and a moth - eaten greatcoat
he had, and under these we lay and shiv-
ered.

  We durst not go on deck except after
nightfall, so during the day we lay on our
shelves and shivered. It was more like a
jail than anything I could imagine. Sev-
eral times boats came to the ship’s side and
once people got out of them on deck and
went into the great cabin, where we could
hear them talking, the ship master’s voice
heavy and respectful, and some other per-
sons, the tones of which we could scarce
hear.

  The dreariness”of those three days I shall
never forget, nor the cold nor the wet dark-
ness of that hole in the bottom of the ship,
where we lay. I think it was at this time
that I began to dislike the viscount.

  On the morning of the fourth day there
120

Adventure

was a great running about overhead and a
deal of shouting and singing. There was a
rustling, whimpering noise along the ship’s
side and I leaped out of bed and opened the
shutter. It was not yet day, but there was
the first gray of daylight and a cold mist
lay upon the water. We had set sail at last
and were slipping down the river with the
the tide.

  Later in the morning, when we were well
away from the city and there was but little
shipping, the viscount and I went out to the
deck. The sun was bright and warm, the
clear cold air blew in our faces and our
hearts leaped like those of uncaged birds.
On either side of the river the fields stretched
away, brown with the color of late autumn.
We could see cottages and inns and the great
houses of the gentry, set back among the
trees of their parks and the little roads, like
threads across the hills, with carts on them
and maids waving their hands.

  I turned to call the viscount’s attention
to something, I have forgotten now what it
was, when I beheld him staring with slack
jaw at something I could not see. I stepped
to one side, so that I could see beyond the
mast, and beheld two females coming out of
the great cabin.

  They were both wrapped in shawls, so
that the identity of the smaller one would be
hard to guess, but there was no mistaking
the gigantic form of the second. It was the
grenadier and there was little doubt that
the other was the widow Brockhurst.
Then the smaller one turned her face in our
direction and we could see it was indeed she.
When she perceived us and could recognize
us under the outrageous garments that we
wore, she came running toward us with a
happy cry.

  ‘'Oh wonderful!” she cried. “What happy
chance has brought you on this ship? Are
you indeed going to the Americas? What
good fortune is mine! Now I will not have
to make that long, long voyage alone and
arrive friendless in a strange land.”

  “Indeed! madam,” said the viscount
sourly. “And what takes you to America?”

  She cast down her eyes at this and put her
handkerchief to them.

  “Now that my husband is dead,” she
said, with a catch in her speech, “I have
nowhere to go, no friends, nor any means of
livelihood. I purpose to go to my poor dead
husband’s uncle, who dear George said was
a very wealthy man, and see if he will not

make some provision for me in his house-
hold.”

  There was a silence after this and the
masts creaked and ropes beat upon the sails
and men in the forward part of the ship sang
at their work. The viscount looked at me
and I at him, and finally he turned without
a word and went down into the berth. '

  “Why, what is wrong with him?” asked
Mrs. Brockhurst, with her eyes wide with
concern.

  “Perhaps a touch of the sea,” I said.
“He had complained of it before.”

  “Indeed the motion of the ship is very
unsettling,” said she. “Tell me,” she asked,
turning toward the rail, “do you know the
names of any of these villages we are pass-
ing?”

  Then we stepped to the vessel’s side and
stayed in conversation for some little time,
after which she took her departure and
went back into the cabin.

  Now I am no sailor. When we were come
out into the Channel and felt the heave and
pitch of the great waves, I became grievously
ill and for a long time I lay helpless and
prayed for death. The viscount was in lit-
tle better case and lay groaning on his shelf
all day long.

  When I was a little recovered, I struggled
on deck and would lie for a while looking
out over that great waste of waters, or up
at the bellying sails and wishing that I had
never left England. There is no pleasure
in a journey by sea, there is nothing to be
seen day after day but the heaving billows,
rolling and rolling from one horizon to the
other and the wide, lonely sea, like a great
moorf and the tiny ship in the midst of it,
sailing into the sun’s eye.

  Our berth was cold and wet and foul,
with the sound of the water rushing along
the sides, tapping and muttering and whin-
ing, like a dog at a house door, yearning to
come in. The sea is a pitiless thing, cold
and gray, and what there is to bring men to
seek their living upon it, and brave the
beasts that dwell under it and the robbers
that scour the top of it, I can not see.

  We had been at sea the tenth day and I
had had some talk with the widow Brock-
hurst now and again when we would meet
upon the deck. The after part of the ship
was high and stairs went up from the waist
to a platform, or smaller deck, upon which
the great cabin opened. From this platform
there were yet more stairs that went to the
The Bold Dragoon

121

poop, or after deck, where the helmsman
stood, and the master of the ship walked.
Our berth was under the platform and we
went into it by a door under the stairs that
went up from the waist.

  Now the widow Brockhurst lived in the
great cabin and we could tell when she came
forth by hearing her step above our heads.
At such times I found myself hurriedly get-
ting up from my mattress and making haste
to go out on deck.

  Dining the course of our acquaintance,
the guardsman always standing by, the
widow informed me that she had been at her
wits’ end when she found that her husband
was dead and that she had not known which
way to turn. She had decided then to go to
the colonies and upon her applying to mer-
chants who did business in the Americas,
she had found that there was a ship sailing
that very next day.

  She had gotten together all her money,
pawned what little jewelry she had, made
application to some of her friends and so
raised money for the passage. She it was
who had come aboard during the last day,
that we had heard talking with the master
of the ship.

         ONE night I had come up to have
a breath of air before going to
bed and was greatly surprized to
find the widow alone. There was
a kind of bench that ran along the side of
the ship, just beyond the door of the house
and she was seated upon this, wrapped in
a cloak. I went up to her and made some
commonplace remarks and she made room
for me on the bench.

  “Doris is ill,” she said, “and has taken to
her bed, but I could not sleep and came out
to look upon the stars awhile.”

  Indeed it was a beautiful night, with a
great number of stars glittering in the cold
sky, and a full moon, that danced its light
upon the heaving sea. The sails bellied
above us and the wind made soft music in
the rigging, like distant violins. Of a truth,
it was a night to upset steadier minds than
mine.

  We sat for some time in silence, so close
that I could feel the warmth of her, and
her hair blew across my cheek. The kettle
drums began to pound in my breast and
the trumpets to sound in my ear, like the
stir of a camp awakening. I was minded
of a night like this in Germany, when

Dashbaugh and I had walked up and down

the camp, looking across the plains at the
enemy’s fires and harkening to the sentinels
calling the hour, and the horses stamping
at their tethers. Something of this I must
have said aloud, for suddenly she turned to
me.

  “You were a soldier, were you not?” she
breathed softly. “I might have known by
your bearing. Tell me about it, won’t you,
please?”

  I told her modestly enough that I had
done some campaigning and had been
wounded at Dettingen.

  “Oh, were you at Dettingen?” she cried.
“How well I remember that victory, how
the beacons blazed and the bells rang at the
news of it! And you were there!” Here
she leaned against my shoulder in concern.
“Were you hurt badly?”

  I perforce told her all about the battle, of
our bickerings with the Austrians, of the
ditch and the morass, and of how the day
went against us until our king, putting him-
self at the head of the army, led us upon the
French with renewed vigor, so that the for-
tunes of the day were ours.

  We sat there far into the night and then
I went down to my berth with the trumpets
playing in my ears and lay for a long time,
while I thought over again the events of the
night. Finally I went to sleep with the
lightest heart I had had for many a long day.
What an ass a man will make of himself, if
a woman will but give him half a chance!

  After that the voyage was much pleas-
anter. During the day the gigantic Doris
was on deck, but she kept to her bed after
dark, so that I had no obstacles in my head-
long rush to destruction. It was the vis-
count who offered the first check. Ever
since the widow had come aboard, he had
kept to himself, scarce speaking to me at
all and spending what little time he was
above decks in the forepart of the ship,
looking out over the sea and chewing his
fingers.

  There came, then, a raw, cold day, with a
very gray sky and a black, hurrying sea
beneath it. The motion of the ship was so
severe that it was impossible to stand up-
right on the deck, so both the viscount and
I remained in our berth. We had nothing to
say to each other for a long time and at last
the viscount rolled his eyes to me from
where he lay on his shelf.

  “Did it ever occur to you,” said he sourly,
122

Adventure

“that it was your hand that made Mrs.
Brockhurst a widow?”

  Now there was a ship’s lanthorn hung to
a beam in the center of the berth and this
was all the light we had, the shutter being
closed against the leaping seas. This light
swung back and forth with the motion of
the ship, so that one moment our faces
would be in the light and the next in shadow.
The viscount spoke while my face was in
the light, but the ship had swung the other
way and it was in shadow before he had
done, and he could not see if he had touched
me on the raw or not.

  “Well, what of that?” I asked him.
“Nothing. I but wondered if you ever
thought of it when you were hanging about
her with a face like a sick sheep.”

  “You’re not jealous, are you?” I asked
him pleasantly, whereat he ground his teeth
and I could see his face work as the light
swung.

  “Listen,” said he, “my bold dragoon.
Do not forget that we go to seize the estate
of one George Brockhurst and that I am he.
This woman is George Brockhurst’s widow,
after the same estate. One of us is doomed
to be disappointed and I do not intend
that it shah be I.”

  “I am not interested,” I said. “But I am
a little curious to know how you can keep
her from the estate, if she has her marriage
lines to show.”

  “What do you suppose I have been think-
ing of all these long days that I have spent
on this accursed ship, while you played the
squire of dames? The thing is simple. I

am the Honorable George Brockhurst and
have the letters to prove it. If she has her
lines with her, which I doubt, then I can but
swear they are false. If she hath not her
lines, then I will have an easy task.”

  “Ah, but she has them,” said I, “and
more than that, she has a number of letters
from the Honorable George. She told me
as much. She has brought them to show
the rich uncle.”

  “Have you ever given thought to the fact
that my merry Brockhurst never said a
word to me of his marriage, nor had he told
this Maud woman that he intended going
to the colonies. How does it look? Either
they were not married, or the Honorable
George intended to desert her, which last I
think the most likely. She probably got
wind of it, and so came to London.”

  “That hound!” I muttered. “I think
after all that I did a good deed by ridding
the earth of him. As to what you say of
making Mrs. Brockhurst a widow, I think I
did her a favor. If she wants the estate,
let her have it. We will have had our pas-
sage paid to a new land, where we may
make a fresh start.”

  “No!” he roared. “By the head of John!

No! She shall not have it! - my soul,

no!”

  Then he chewed his fingers a while and
muttered to himself. Finally I noticed his
eyes glittering as the lanthorn swung to and
fro.

  “One death got me this estate.” he said
through his teeth, “another may keep it
for me.” ,

TO BE CONCLUDED
THE OLD SALOON

       by Bill Adams

 J SEEM to see the old saloon;

    The sawdust on the floor,

 To hear the twanging fiddle’s tune,

 And there’s a cold and yellow moon a’ shining on the door.

  i

  ;

 I hear old voices of the dead
 Who gather at the bar;

 The tones of those who perished
 Upon the seas afar—

 It is the hand of such a one that holds the door ajar.

 He says, “I’m signing on once more
 To take a trip to sea;

 I’m tired of the sights ashore,

 As tired as can be.

 I’ll take a parting drink with you, and you take one with me.”

 And everybody turns around,

 And every eye is bright;

 They are the ghosts of many drowned
 Who gather here at night

 To bide about the dock a while and go before the light.

 I	loved the old dockside saloon
 With sawdust on the floor,

 Where often in the fiddle’s tune
 A hand would push the door;

 While some old shipmate that I knew
 Would smile and beckon me—

 “A hooker’s signing on her crew—let’s take a trip to sea!”

                         123
The Killer,The King and IheWise Man

by Nevil Henshaw

Author of “Peasant Wit,” “Come Home to Roost,” etc. .

I

T WAs all old Marcel Perrot’s
fault, anyway. He had no busi-
ness to pry into the future. The
church forbids it. Common sen se
itself demanded that such things be let
alone. But then old Marcel was not like the
other Cajuns of that part of Louisiana. He
had ideas of his own.

  To begin with, he did not rush into mar-
riage in his teens. True, he finally chose a
young wife, but this was not until he had
reached middle age. And then, when the
wife died at the birth of his son, he refused
to marry again.

  Such things were not done on the prairie.
Wives were like horses. One could not get
on without them.

  As a matter of fact, old Marcel was too
shocked to think of risking a second bride.
He had planned carefully, building his life
upon the solid foundation of experience.
His wife had been young and strong. Yet
for all this, in less than a year, he was alone
again. It was something to think about.
Sorely perplexed, old Marcel bent his efforts
to the successful raising of his son. Even
then all might have been well but for the in-
tervention of Pere Carbon.

  Pere Carbon was a fisherman who peddled
his wares between the edge of the sea marsh
and the town of St. Pierre. Gnarled,
weather-beaten, receiving tales but never
bearing them, he had become the confi-

dant of those who dwelt upon the prairie.

  Thus, when next old Marcel encountered
the rickety, dripping fish wagon, he unbur-
doned himself of his fears. He was a care-
ful man, as Pere Carbon knew. His wife
had been young—almost a child. Yet she
had gone in a day. And now what about
his son, Vic? Of course he was doing what
he could. But who knew? For all his care
the little one might snap out like a match in
the wind.

  Pere Carbon considered the matter, twist-
ing a strand of wet moss that he had drawn
through the slats of his wagon. Knowing
his petitioner, he did not suggest a second
wife. Indeed, it was through just such deli-
cate distinctions that folk had come to con-
fide in him.

  It was life, he observed finally. One must
expect such things. It was best to leave
them to le bon Dieu. Why worry about
them?

  However, it was possible to set one’s mind
at rest by consulting a wise man. There
was, for example, the one on Pecan Island.
Perhaps old Marcel had heard of him? He
it was who threw the card. To him such
problems ^were a trifle. And, better still,
his prophecies were absolutely to be re-
lied on.

  The mischief was done. Old Marcel’s
imagination was fired. At once he made his
arrangements. Next morning he climbed

124
The Killer, The King and The Wise Man

125

aboard the returning fish wagon and set
out for the marsh and Pecan Island.

  As they went along Pere Carbon gave cer-
tain instructions. This one who threw the
card was queer, he said. Perhaps it was his
great age, his wisdom. At all events he was
not given to unnecessary speech. Some-
times he would say nothing at all. At best
he would mutter but a word or so. Let old
Marcel think carefully of his question. He
might depend utterly upon any forthcoming
answer.

  They found the wise man before the door
of his hut, a fantastic arrangement of drift-
wood and marsh grass that resembled the
nest of some mammoth muskrat. A strange
creature, this sage, incredibly old and thin,
with eyes that seemed to have withdrawn
into the uttermost depths of the red-rimmed
holes of his head. Squatting motionless in
the full glare of the sun, he faced his visitors
with no faintest sign of recognition.

  At a word from Pere Carbon old Marcel
squatted also. Next, producing three silver
dollars, he laid them silently before him.
Still the seer remained motionless. True,
his eyes performed a strange contortion.
It was as if they slipped furtively out to the
mouths of their burrows and darted back
again. But that was all.

  Observing this, old Marcel added a fourth
dollar to the ones before him. For all the
effect they produced they might have been
so much lead.

  A fifth dollar proved more potent. At
sight of it the wise man became instantly
and weirdly alive. With one skinny arm he
reached out for the money. With the other
he fumbled about at the door of his hut until
he had unearthed a handful of filthy cards.
These he nursed into a pack; afterward
spreading them, backs up, in a single sweep
before him.

  For three long minutes he eyed the cards,
brooding motionless. Then, all at once, his
hand went out to hover above them. There
was no twist, no jerk, no downward thrust
so far as the watchers could see. Yet, for all
that, a card jumped suddenly out from the
rest to fall back face upward. Through its
heavy coating of grease and smoke it pro-
claimed itself the Jack of Spades.

  “Now,” murmured Pere Carbon, who
squatted just beyond the patron’s shoulder.

  The moment had come. Nor was old
Marcel unprepared for it. Thanks to Pere
Carbon’s coaching he had his question

ready. So carefully had he thought of it
that, when he spoke, it was as if he emptied
his mind entirely.

  “My son, Vic?” he demanded. “What
will be his fate?”

  There was a space of silence. For a time
it seemed that old Marcel would have only
his trouble for his pains. But at last the
wise man spoke, slowly, wheezingly, his
words fluttering out as though born of some
intolerable labor.

  “He will die in a chair,” said he.

  That was all. Though old Marcel waited
patiently, the wise man did not speak again.
Rather he froze into a still more rigid pose,
while his eyes slid back into the lairs ap-
pointed for them.

  “So,” muttered Pere Carbon. “We will
go now.”

  And the visitors withdrew, leaving the
sage to the solitude of his island.

SOME men might have been dis-
V# Vm satisfied. Six words for five dol-
lars? There was expense for you.

            Old Marcel, however, was con-
tent. He had learned what he wanted to
know. It would have been cheap at ten
times the sum.

  His son would die in a chair. There it
was—the whole future in those scant six
words. For the rest, the danger might well
be avoided. What if the wise man had said
“In a house,” “On a horse?” Here would
have been a problem.

  Thus old Marcel returned hopefully to
the raising of his Vic. Such chairs as he
owned he discarded, replacing them with
stools and boxes. The thing was quite plain.
It had been planned that, during his early
years, the little one would climb on to a
chair and, falling from it, destroy himself.
With no chairs there could be no destruc-
tion. It was easily arranged.

  Later, when Vic was running wild about
the prairie, old Marcel again took counsel
with himself. The danger of an infantile
fall was now definitely over. New methods
were called for.

  Should he tell the boy and divide his re-
sponsibility? But no. Such things were
not for the young. At the proper time he
would inform him. In the meanwhile he
would discover and < thwart any further
menace that fate held in store for his
offspring.

  Old Marcel meant well. It was only that
126

Adventure

he placed his faith in good intentions. Some
few days later he was tossed from the saddle,
and went the swift way of a broken neck.

II

BEREFT of both father and
prophecy, Vic Perrot was bereft of
all else. Death brings adjustment
of debts, and old Marcel owed
more than his share of them. Once these
were settled, nothing remained.

  Somehow Vic scrambled through boy-
hood. In his teens he left the prairie for
town. His late twenties found him at one
of St. Pierre’s cypress mills. Here he looked
after the placing and disposal of the various
lumber piles.

  At this time, as later, he appeared the
least formidable of men. He was tall, he
was lank, and the mildness of his brown,
hatchet face seemed mirrored in his milk-
blue eyes. Save for the struggle of life his
days had been wholly uneventful. Then
things happened all at once.

  They began one day at noon when, after
the blowing of the whistle, Vic’s boss called
a last order to a dinner-bound hand. The
hand, a black, gorilla-like creature, replied
with an oath and kept on.

  The result, at that time and place, was
inevitable. Having floored the hand with
a new cypress plank, the boss dropped the
matter from his mind. It appeared merely
one of countless similar incidents that had
gone before.

  But this time the noon hour and a grog
shop intervened. Returning full of mean
liquor, the hand sought out the boss.
Without a word and at point blank range
he shot him dead.

  The affair was unfortunately timed.
Thanks to the recent activities of St. Pierre’s
regulators, certain of the blacks were on
edge. Escaping from the cypress mill, the
murderer sought refuge with his kind. Nor
did he seek in vain. Posses, crossing the
bayou to the colored settlement of Free-
town, were warned not to approach beyond
a given point. Freetown itself bristled sud-
denly with arms. A miniature race war
was on.

  It was at this point that Vic Perrot be-
came involved. The murder had left him
stunned. He was still stunned when the
mill whistle sounded its call to arms. Ac-
cepting the weapon that was thrust upon

him, Vic joined the crowd that streamed
toward Freetown.

  As he hurried along he wondered just
what he would do. He was well armed with
a new Colt of large caliber. Yet, for all this,
he doubted his ability to accomplish any-
thing. Up to then his acquaintance with
firearms had been discouragingly casual.

  Arriving at Freetown, Vic found it de-
serted. During the wait for reinforcements
its defenders had withdrawn. Word came
that they had barricaded themselves in a
dance hall a half mile from town. A hardy
band, equipped with rifles, at once pushed
forward. The more timorous and lesser
armed decided to remain behind.

  Not so Vic Perrot. Clutching his Colt, he
trailed along. He was not brave. He was
not even curious. It was purely mechani-
cal. He was still in a daze.

   Arrived near the dance hall, the besiegers
halted. Those in command considered the
situation. The building was old. Its half-
rotted walls offered the resistance of so
much pasteboard. Furthermore it stood
in an open space surrounded by brush and
trees.

  The plan of attack was as plain as it was
simple. Five minutes later a ring had been
formed under cover, and the firing began at
long range.

  From a place in the rear Vic followed
these operations. As yet his revolver was
useless. The affair lacked the thrill that
one would have expected from it. Here was
a crowd of men shooting into the blank and
decrepit walls of a building. They might
as well have been firing at a target. Vic
looked on dully. In a vague way he had
hoped for some fun.

  Then, at a shouted command, the ring
closed in, and the fun began. Now a brisk
fire rattled back from the dance hall. Dark
forms slipped suddenly from its doors and
windows to a last, futile dash at escape.

  The effect on Vic was instantaneous. In
a flash his daze gave way to a species of mad-
ness. At once he rushed forward, making
straight for the dance hall. And as he went
he screamed shrilly, waving his Colt like
some ridiculous flag.

  Bullets whined past Vic from front and
rear. Voices called to him, cursing him for
a fool. But he still kept on. There was
only one thought in his mind now. He must
get himself one of those maddened fugi-
tives. It was what he was there for. Why
The Killer, The King and The Wise Man

127

wait till the rifles (had finished them all?

  A black figure appeared swinging off to
the left. Swinging also, Vic snapped up his
Colt. He did not seem to aim. He was
scarcely conscious of firing. Yet, instantly
and amazingly, the figure pitched flat to the
ground.

  “One,” thought Vic, and swung on a
second figure.

  The result was the same.

  After this the daze came back even worse
than before. It was like the time when Vic
leaped from the bayou bank to a head-on
collision with a sunken log. Only when he
bumped into it did he recognize the wall of
the dance hall. Bullets bit viciously into
its shattered boards. Yet Vic paid no heed.

  Still mad with the lust of slaughter, he
made for the nearest opening. One glance
was enough. At sight of the shambles in-
side he faced about shouting.

  “Hola!” he cried. “It is over. Stop
shooting and come.”

Ill

BACK in town again, Vic found
himself famous. Despite his evi-
dent foolhardiness he was ac-
claimed the hero of the fight'.
And a great fight it was for St. Pierre. They
even spoke of it as the Battle of Freetown.

  As for Vic’s deeds, they increased with
each hour. By dark they had reached the
rank growth which comes, inevitably,
through repetition.

  He was something, this Perrot. He had
captured the dance hall single-handed. And
he had not missed a shot. He had bagged
six, eight—an even dozen. In short he was
a killer. That said t in a word.

  Vic himself was far from sure of this.
Once his madness had passed he realized
that he had merely played the fool. He
shrank now from the thought of those myri-
ad whining bullets. Through what miracle
had he escaped them? Here was some-
thing impossible to understand.

  Yet he had the wit to realize his oppor-
tunity. At least he had been lucky. Per-
haps he would be lucky again. Here was
the promise of something better than the
cypress mill. Very well, he would see.
That night he made a triumphant round of
the coffee houses. The affair ended as it
had begun—in a daze.

In the week that followed Vic was

occupied with the aftermath of the fight.
Though peace was restored, he found that
there were many loose ends to tie up. Cer-
tain black men were questioned. A few
were locked up. There was even a shoot-
ing or so.

  Vic played his part in these various pro-
ceedings as one who had earned the right.
Each day he advanced the subjection of
Freetown. Afterward he repaired to the
Gold Lion.

  As a coffee house the Gold Lion was su-
preme. it purveyed all the comforts of
man. Its bar of fine wood all but covered
one generous reach of wall space. Along
the other was ranked a company of small
tables for coffee and cards. A restaurant
brought up the rear, and above was a floor
of bedrooms.

  There was even a barber shop, reached by
a small swinging door at the head of the bar.
True, this last was not of the Gold Lion
proper, but there it was. One could push
through the swing door from inner to outer
refreshment

  Going out from the other side one entered
an alley, floored with planks, and closed in
by the high brick walls of buildings. Here
was a spot superbly adapted to the settling
of personal difficulties. It added a final
touch to an otherwise perfect establishment.

  A great place—the Gold Lion. Through
its doors passed all those who made fervid
the life of St. Pierre. Vic could not well
avoid passing also. It was the world to
which he aspired.

  At first he found it a kindly world. He
was Perrot, the killer. His deeds were fresh
in all minds. Food, drinks, coffee—these
were fairly thrust upon him. At the card
tables it was the same. If lucky he pock-
eted his winnings. Should he lose, the debt
was quite good for some other time.

  Better still was the attitude of his fellow
killers. Miguez, the chief of them, seemed
wholly complaisant. A small, dark man of
Spanish blood, he accepted Vic as a brother.
Those of less standing followed his example.
Miguez was a cat with long claws. It was
enough that he approved.

  Thus Vic came into his own, and for a
time he drifted pleasantly. Then, gradu-
ally, there came a change. The Battle of
Freetown passed into history. Fresh inter-
ests arose. From being possible, it became
imperative for Vic to pay as he went.

  This was only as it should be. Versed
128

Adventure

now in the ways of his world, Vic found
means to get along. But soon he was faced
with a graver problem. The hour for fresh
effort arrived.

  This also was as it should be. A killer
is no better than his kill. Sooner or later
his brilliance will fade. Then he becomes
the prey of his kind. To survive he must
fill in a new background of red.

  As was proper, Miguez began it. Indif-
ference changed to coldness. Next came
hostility, thinly veiled. There were sneers,
half-caught as Vic passed along.

  “So,” murmured Miguez. “A few black-
birds, eh? And on the wing? One must
do more for a reputation.”

  Vic knew the signs. An insult was near
now—swift, venomous insult, like the stroke
of a snake. When it came he must ask
Miguez out into the alley. And then-

  It was the “then” that bothered Vic.
After all what were a few blackbirds?
What, in fact, was his exploit save a matter
of luck? Luck would not do for Miguez.
One could scarce count on it a second time.

  Of course he could shoot. It was a natu-
ral gift as he had proved through repeated
practise with his Colt. But a target was no
more a man than Miguez was an ordinary
individual. Could he shoot with Miguez?
That was the question.

  There remained the cypress mill. But
that would be the end of his career. Yet a
duel might mean the end of life itself. An
end—there seemed nothing else in view.
And he could not even decide on a beginning.

  Fearful, tormented, Vic played for time.
He moved warily at the Gold Lion, choosing
those hours when Miguez was absent.
Drawn to it by some strange fascination,
he walked each day through the alley, like
a general considering a battlefield.

  In this way he ran across Pere Carbon.

PERE CARBON knew all about
Vic. Did he not bring fish each
week to the kitchen of the Gold
Lion? And was not the kitchen
a clearing house for the doings in front?

  Trust Pere Carbon to know. Nor had
the years dimmed his usefulness. Perhaps
he was a trifle more gnarled and sun-
browned. That was all.

  Thus, when Vic entered the alley, he called
to him, twisting a strand of wet moss from
his wagon as was his habit in beginning a
conversation. He spoke with the blunt-

ness of one long wearied by a race of verbal
fencers.

  “See, Vic?” he demanded. “Why do you
not kill this Miguez?”

  Vic shrank as from an indecency. His
problem stalked naked before him.

  “You old fool—” he began angrily.

  Pere Carbon raised a hand that was like
the knot of a tree.

  “Pardon,” said he. “It is you who are
the fool. Already folk are laughing at you.
And you, with your luck, let them do so.”
Vic stared. He knew of Pere Carbon.
But this—could the old man read one’s
mind?

  “Luck?” he echoed.

  “As you know,” went on Pere Carbon.
“That other business, all those bullets.
They did not touch you, eh? And why?”
Vic nodded.

  “Yes,” said he. “That is it. Why?”
There was a pause while Pere Carbon
stared in turn, his wrinkles all twisted in a
network of surprise.

  “Cher bon Dieu,” he swore finally. “And
your old father did not tell you? But I was

there myself, Vic. It was this way-”

  Pere Carbon made a good job of it. It
was all quite fresh in his mind. Through
the magic of his telling the prophecy became
a thing alive. Vic could see the seer of
Pecan Island—the very card as it leaped
from the sand.

  And Vic was impressed. He was half
convinced. All those bullets? How else
could the miracle of the dance hall be ex-
plained?

  What if the wise man had spoken truly?
It \yould change the whole face of his prob-
lem. He would die in a chair, eh? That
meant that, in the alley, he would be safe
from Miguez. In fact, so long as he avoided
chairs, he would be safe from any man.

  Dropping his moss, Pere Carbon waited.
Vic wavered toward decision. He was
thinking of the future now. Broad vistas
were opening out before him. Of course
there were certain conditions. He turned
to Pere Carbon.

  “You have spoken of this business?”
  “Not before today.”

  “And you can keep it to yourself?”

  “I have done so all these years.”

  It was the hour when Miguez frequented
the coffee house. At the thought Vic made
up his mind.

  “Bien,” said he. “I will rely on you,
The Killer, The King and The Wise Man

129

friend Carbon. Drive out now from this
alley. I have business to do.”

  One minute later Vic pushed into the
Golden Lion. As he entered he met Mon-
sieur Bassin, the proprietor, in the doorway.
A Frenchman from France, Monsieur Bas-
sin’s courtesy had been like some fine gar-
ment from the other side. Now he spoke
with the tatters of this former politeness.

  “So, Perrot,” said he familiarly. “You
owe me twelve dollars. Is it that you are
here to pay?”

  A snigger sounded from a table near at
hand. Vic swung on it very much as he
had swung on his victims of the dance hall.
Miguez came to his feet in a flash, his grin
half changed to a snarl. Then Vic spoke,
quietly yet precisely, that all might hear.

  “Miguez,” said he, “I am told that you
question my reputation. Let us see now if
you will question it again—outside.”

  Four glass-paned doors gave into the al-
ley. Going over to the first of them, Vic
drew his Colt and waited. A moment later
Miguez was at the farthest door, weapon in
hand. There were no seconds, no signals.
The two started shooting as soon as they
stepped outside.

  Vic remembered little of what occurred.
It was over too quickly for detail. He could
have sworn that he fired no more than twice.
Yet, when they picked Miguez up, three
bullets were in his body.

  Upon Vic’s next visit to the Gold Lion,
Monsieur Bassin all but raced forward to
greet him. Again the proprietor’s voice
was a benediction. It enveloped Vic as
with rich, clinging folds.

  “Monsieur Perrot!” it said. “And what
is your order? My poor place is at your
command.”

  Vic was established. What before had
been a reputation was now the reputation
of St. Pierre. The law made no trouble.
It had been a personal affair. The few
rules governing such encounters had been
fully complied with.

  Again Vic reaped the rewards of his prow-
ess. But with a difference. His days of
drifting were over. He strode now sure-
footed along the path of his endeavor.

  And all through the prophecy. Its stark
warning became a gracious deliverance. Vic
cherished it as one cherishes a priceless
gift. His faith in it held no faintest shadow
of doubt or question. What the -dance hall
promised Miguez had assured. It was

  9

more than enough. Vic made the prophecy
his religion. Thence onward it ordered the
course of his life.

  The situation was not without its dis-
advantages. Before Vic had looked on
chairs as contrivances for his comfort and
ease. Now, all at once, they became his
chief menace. And this to one whose for-
tunes moved largely with the run of the
cards.

  Vic did not hesitate. He affected a bore-
dom toward stud and euchre. He turned to
roulette, vingt-et-un and klondike. These
he played briefly, standing up to his bets
at the tables. His drinks he took at the
bar. Only his meals found him seated.
And through it all he moved with a shrewd-
ness, a carefulness that gave no suggestion
of change.

  For here was a second menace. Once
guessed, the prophecy would destroy him.
As it had raised him up, so would it dash
him down again. Caught off his feet, all
his skill would not save him.

  This was Vic’s creed, born of his super-
stition. Out of a chair he knew himself in-
vincible. In one he was equally assured of
vulnerability.

  So he went on, extending his activities.
Now he was out with the Regulators. Again
he changed the destinies of some political
party. Feuds claimed him, both public
and private. As a deputy he was unex-
celled.

  Often he shot through necessity. Some-
times through pride or sheer wantonness.
But always he shot on his feet. And always
he came through scatheless.

  He became a marvel of killers. He prom-
ised always to endure. It seemed that noth-
ing could stop him.

  Then Fate, the ironical, sent Poufette
Labau to the Gold Lion.

IV

POUFETTE bore scant resem-
blance to an avenging angel. As
a mere mortal he was rather ab-
surd. He was a short, fat man,
very puffy and red, with a face like that of

a .

  In disposition he was piggish also. Where
others soared toward their ambitions, Pou-
fette rooted. It was his way.

  Like Vic, Poufette came from the prairie.
He was of Crab town, a small settlement so
130

Adventure

known through its proximity to the sea
marsh. Also, like Vic, Poufette sought the
dominance of his fellow men. But in a
more limited sphere.

  Poufette was Kang of Crabtown. That
is to say that, on Saturday nights, when the
folk ride in, he made a mild nuisance of him-
self. Then he emerged upon the parish
road with a rusty bull-dog revolver. As he
approached the horse rack before the coffee
house, he blazed skyward with his clumsy
weapon.

  There would come a snorting, a snapping
of bridles, the mad whir and scatter that
accompanies the flushing of a huddle of
Cajun ponies. Amid this confusion Pou-
fette would swagger inside to become his
own herald.

  “I am Poufette!” he would shout. “Me—
I am King of Crabtown!”

  None gainsaid him, chiefly through in-
ertia. Some one must rule at Crabtown.
Why not Poufette? In a way it was
amusing. And the ponies could always be
rounded up again.

  The effect of this was unfortunate. Of-
fensive always, Poufette bade fair to become
unendurable. His pose was that of a con-
queror. In reality he was the cheapest of
cowards.

  As such he had avoided the Gold Lion
upon his rare visits to St. Pierre. Here
deeds were sometimes required as well as
words. Poufette preferred the humbler
places back of town. They allowed him to
brag to his heart’s content, so long as his
cash remained.

  Thus Poufette had some excuse for his in-
discretion. He would never have gone to
the Gold Lion but for the pousse-cafes.

  Poufette heard of them at the time when
he was surfeited with more ordinary liquors.
They were marvelous, so said his tempter—
tiny jewels of drinks that were striped like
a barber’s pole. True, they cost money.
But what would one have with a rainbow?

  This last added to Poufette’s undoing.
Niggardly always, he presently set forth
alone. Let his friends wait until he re-
turned. His should be the sole glory of
this jewel of drinks. Cheap whiskey had
made a storm in his brain. He would end
it with the bright rainbow of a pousse-cafe.

  Entering the Gold Lion, Poufette made
straight for the bar. He ordered grandly
if a trifle thickly. Afterward he concen-
trated as best he could upon the making of

the drink. But here he gained only an im-
pression of confusion. It was as if Mon-
sieur Bassin crowded the entire contents of
his shelves into the minute barrel of the
liqueur glass.

  Poufette watched fascinated. All that
effort for one drink? No wonder it cost
money. Yet, when the pousse-cafe was a
thing accomplished, he tossed it off with
scarce a glance, as became the King of Crab-
town.

  Poufette experienced a feeling of defeat.
For all the wonder of the concoction, its
full savor had somehow eluded him. He
had not managed to get his teeth into it.

Perhaps another-

  The second pousse-cafe lingered more plea-
santly upon Poufette’s palate. It seemed
to join with the first one, producing a warm,
rich feeling both above and below. This

was better. A third one now-

  With the third pousse-cafe Poufette forgot
the Gold Lion. He forgot even its suave
and majestic proprietor. The tiny drinks
began to assert themselves. They were as
final straws upon the burden of the day’s li-
bations. Poufette became filled with a vast
importance. As was his custom, he has-
tened to express it.

  “I am Poufette!” he bellowed unsteadily.
“Me—I am King of Crabtown!”

  Monsieur Bassin smote upon his bar. He
was like a scandalized bishop.

  “Come!” he ordered. “We will have
none of that here. Were you Vic Perrot
himself I would not allow it.”

  The name alone pierced the fogs of Pou-
fette’s brain. He recalled Vic Perrot as a
long-legged youth who had sometimes rid-
den through Crabtown. Since then he had
heard of him—just what, he could not
now remember. But no difference. It was
enough that he was from the prairie.
Lurching about, Poufette addressed the
bar at large.

  “Eh you, Vic Perrot!” he called bois-
terously. “Come and drink with the King.
It will be something for you to talk
about.”

  His words brought a roar of derisive
laughter. Even Monsieur Bassin smiled.
But only for a monmet. After all, this
farce held the elements of tragedy. Lean-
ing forward he spoke sharply to Poufette.

  “My friend,’^said he, “you are indiscreet.
Monsieur Perrot has a very quick way with
him. Fortunately he has gone out of town.
The Killer, The King and The Wise Man

131

If you are wise, you will make haste to fol-
low his example.”

  Poufette did not understand. The laugh-
ter had completed his demoralization. He
only knew that he had been insulted. And
all through this cursed Vic Perrot.

  Again he faced round on the room. For
the moment his brain was on fire. Its heat
seemed to shrivel his tongue. It clutched
at his throat, half choking him.

  Thus he spoke slowly and carefully. His
voice lost its bullying tone. Now his words
seemed of deadly intent. It was the final
misfortune.

  “So,” said he. “Vic Perrot, eh? Tell
him that, when I see him, I will attend to
him. Tell him—”

  Poufette got no further. As if tired of
their sport, the pousse-cafes suddenly tri-
umphed. There came a blackness, thick
and whirling. Staggering forward, Pou-
fette collapsed upon the nearest chair.

  Yet, for once he had produced a genuine
sensation. It persisted while his friends
were sent for. It followed him in his long,
insensible journey across the prairie. It
endured through the night, causing certain
awe-struck citizens of Crabtown to awake
their King in the dawn of the following
morning.

  They were thorough, these citizens.
Thanks to their visit to the Gold Lion,
they were now fully aware of Vic’s prowess.
They left nothing unexplained. Five min-
utes after their departure Poufette was in
the saddle. Though no horseman, he estab-
lished a record that morning between Crab-
town and St. Pierre.

  Returning at nightfall, Vic heard of his
rival. Monsieur Bassin informed him with
a wealth of small detail, as was his way.
But Vic shrugged the matter aside. He
was tired from the day’s exertions. In ad-
dition he had heard of Poufette. Why
trouble about a drunken braggart? He had
earned the right to ignore them.

  Next morning Vic was less confident. Re-
freshed now, his natural caution reasserted
itself. As he put on his clothes he recalled
Monsieur Bassin’s graphic description.
Though drunk, Poufette had finally ceased
his bluster. He had ended on a note of
grim determination.

  It appeared now that the man meant
business. Also an envious coward could
become the most dangerous of creatures.
Vic decided that he would shoot on sight.

Should Poufette return, a new king would
be needed at Crabtown.

  Passing out to the street, Vic made for
the Gold Lion. Once inside, he pushed
through the swing door into the barber shop.
It was his custom to shave before breakfast.
His position demanded such niceties.

  Levee, the head barber, called a good
morning. Vic replied, slipping out of his
coat. Having mounted the chair, he threw
loose his suspenders. Like one performing
a rite, Levee adjusted a hair cloth.

  Under cover of the hair cloth Vic reached
up to the holster beneath his left arm.
When, an instant later, Levee tilted him
back, his Colt lay ready at his waist line.
It was only his usual procedure. A killer’s
life is made up of such trifling precautions.

  Secure and at ease, Vic abandoned him-
self to the luxury of the moment. The hot
towels were of just the right temperature.
The lather spread smoothly fragrant. Le-
vee, brush in hand, murmured discreetly.
Vic closed his eyes. His thoughts drifted
off upon the flood of small talk.

  All at once he came back with a start.
Had some one called his name from inside
the bar? Now the voice went on, hoarsely
earnest. “In the barber shop? Yes, I am
Poufette Labau.”

  Vic brought his head up sharply. As he
did so Levee reached down for a last touch
of lather. Face and brush met in soft,
smearing impact. Caught fairly across the
eyes, Vic dropped back again.

  But only for an instant. His position
was now acute. He must get on his feet.
He must free his eyes of the biting smother
that blinded them.

  Grasping the chair with his free left hand,
Vic heaved forward. He came only a little
way before something checked him. Puz-
zled, alarmed, he exerted his strength. And
again the mysterious tether snared him. At
this moment the swinging door creaked.
Poufette was entering the barber shop.

  A whirl of thoughts swept through Vic’s
tortured mind. He was trapped. He was
blinded. He was in a chair. The prophecy
had him. Let it come then. He was ready.
As well now as later.

  But to be killed by Poufette? To become
the victim of the King of Crabtown? It
was too much. Death came to every man.
Disgrace was different.

  At least he would cheat Poufette, he
would preserve his reputation. His friends
132

Adventure

must not laugh at his memory. It must be
said of him that he finished gamely.

  As swift as the thought, Vic shifted his
Colt. He knew the right spot upon the left
hand side. He fairly clutched at the trigger.
The rest was a roar of sound.

  With the shot Poufette entered the barber
shop. He had meant to advance in an at-
titude of surrender. But the crash of the
Colt was too much for him. Dropping his
hands, he used them to cover his face.

  “Mercy,” he babbled. “It is a mistake,
M’sieu Perrot. I am here to apologize. I
was drunk. I was mad. I——”

  Levee, the head barber, called to him
roughly from above the huddled figure in
the chair.

 “Come you, get out,” he commanded.
“M’sieu Perrot is dead.” And to those
who crowded in a moment later he explained
the stained hair cloth clutched in one trem-
bling hand.

  “You see,” said he. “It was an accident.
Always had I warned him against that
drawn pistol. It came when he struggled
to free himself. Observe now how his sus-
penders are twisted about the arms of the
chair.”

BASEBALL IS ’ELL

    by Hubert Kelley

* | VHESE yowlin’ Yanks ’ave got a game they call
Baseball! They sees ’ow many they can kill
With ’ard oak bats, a little ’orse-’ide ball
And bristlin’ spiky shoes. Gawd, wot a thrill!

It’s like a Spanish bullfight or a war;

It’s murderous but thrill’n all the same.

You buy the beer— You want to ’ear some more?

It’s base—that’s where it gets its bloomin’ name.

If this aren’t truth, then may I scorch below,

But once we ’ad a bloomin’ Yank with us
Up Bapaume way. Gawd, ’ow ’e could throw
A blinkin’ ’and grenade. ’E made more fuss
In Jerry’s line than all the boundin’ guns.

Four ’undred feet and—bang! ’E made ’em ’iss!
“Wow!” ’e would say. “Fritz made no bloomin’ runs
Today.” Pop ’em atween the eyes. And miss?

’E never did. Sometimes ’e threw at one
And, when ’e ducked, it popped ’is mate.

Killed ’im afore it bust. “Oh, Gawd, wot fun!”

Cries Yank. “That was an outshoot then—not fate.”

Then, one bright day, the bombs start flyin’ back,
And Yank goes wild. “That’s Weber in the box,”
Says ’e. “ ’E’s got a wicked arm. Can crack
           Baseball Is ’Ell

It like a blacksnake whip. Gosh, ’ow ’e socks
That pill across the plate! No pitcher in the world
But ’im and me can throw like that. ’E beaned
Me once in Frisco—sent a ball that curled
Around my dome and knocked me cold. I’d cleaned
’Im then, but ’e was gone when I come to.

Then ’e joined Fritz and I—I joined with George,

And if that’s Weber shootin’ us a few,

I’ll poke an iron baseball down ’is gorge.”

We laughed and pulled ’is leg, but ’e just spat
And walked away. But pretty soon ’e’s back,

Swingin’ a little spade. “This is a baseball bat,”

Says ’e, climbin’ the parapet. “I’ll crack
The first ’ot pill that comes across, or Death
Can call me out!” ’E stood up straight and peered,
There in full view of Fritz. We ’eld our breath.

“It’s Weber, lads,” says ’e. “I ain’t afeard.”

Then—whizz! We ’eard that damned grenade
Splittin’ the air from Jerry’s parapet.

“Strike one!” yells Death, as Yank swings down ’is spade.
“Over the plate!” ’e cries. “I’ll bag it yet.” *>

The egg explodes and lays three laddies low.

Then—zing! Another comes, and Yank swings ’ard.
“Strike two!” yells Death. “I’ll soak ’er this time, bo,”
The Yank shouts back. Then—zip! ’E’s on ’is guard!
Wham!—goes the spade. “A ’omer!” yells the Yank.

Up soars the egg and off ’e tears alone
To Jerry’s line, as fearless as a tank.

The tattoo of machine guns rattles up.

We watch ’im run. We see ’im jump the wire.

The ’eavies goes in action. Sq-q-q-queal and k-r-r-upp!
The Yanks gets small and smaller in the fire--

’E’s gone!

    “ ’E was a good one—Yank,” we said,

All sad-like, sittin’ on the step. “ ’E’s fell.”

A ’ome-run ’it, ’e called it. Strike me dead!

It aren’t no bloomin’ game. Baseball is ’ell.
I— T IS an old saying, effendi: “When
the Gipsy comes to the village,
guard thy horses and thy women. ’ ’
This is not written in the Koran,
but is a saying of the people of Bosnia and
there is much truth in these words, as I
shall tell thee.

  I would rather smoke one of thy ciga-
rets, effendi, one of those thou hast brought
from Istamboul. There is good tobacco,
Anatolian tobacco, in them and the smoke is
blue. Those which I must buy from Stef-
anopoulos, the Greek, are bad. Since the
war began, he has mixed tea and laurel
leaves with cheap Drama tobacco. His
cigarets are poor and so am I. But he is
rich.

  Ayee, effendi, give me one of thy ciga-
rets and listen to this tale:

  My father’s han stood on the plateau of
the Konir Mountains, not far from the city
of Banyaluka. He was a well-to-do man,
and the plum crops which he sold to the
traders of Slavonia brought him many
Austrian eagles. Yes, effendi, it is true
that I am a poor man, for I was a second
son, and in those days, as it is now, the
oldest son inherited the estate.

  But in the time of which I speak I was
contented to look after my father’s horses,
ior there were many, and to look forward to

the day when my brothers and I would
drive many wagon-loads of plums across the
Save River to Hungarian Brod where the
traders would buy them and make a hand-
some profit by reselling them to the dis-
tillers who made a brandy from the juice,
called slivovic. It is a drink of sheitan’s
make, and the faithful do not touch it. It
was upon one of our visits to Slavonia that
my older brother bought a horse from a
trader.

  I can not tell thee, effendi, how an Ara-
bian stallion had found its way into the
hands of an Hungarian infidel, but it was
there and for sale, and Murzuk bought the
horse. It was named El Ghaleb, which in
thy language means the Conqueror, for few
men if any had, ever ridden the brute, and
this was the reason why it was for sale.

  My father was pleased, not only because
the price was low, but also because he knew
that the Pasha of Mostar was willing to pay
a goodly sum for an Arabian stallion and
that every horse trader in Bosnia and in the
Hercegovina was on the lookout for such a
horse and many high bids had been made.

  I, as I have told thee, effendi, was taking
care of my father’s horses, and it fell to my
lot to train the animal so that the Pasha
could ride him. A spirited horse, which
would have thrown Abu Sharval. Nay,
South of Sarajevo

135

effendi, such was not his name, but Ahmet
Agha. He was called Abu Sharval by the
people who always bestow a nickname upon
those whom they do not care to call by
their proper names. Abu Sharval, effendi,
means Father of Wide Trousers, and the
pasha was a Turk from Istamboul, who
ruled the sandchak of Hercegovina for the
Sultan ul Islam a long time before the Aus-
trians came to Bosnia.

  Do ask thy questions when I have finished
this tale, effendi, and leave thy cigarets
on this tambouret so I will not have to ask
thee for another one.

  My days were spent in training El Ghaleb.
There were times when I was willing to give
up in despair, for he would not permit me to
mount him. But I knew my father had
given me this task and I had to finish it, for
my father was a stern man and his punish-
ments were frequent and quick.

  One day I had led El Ghaleb into the road
which follows the Verbas River and leads
from Bosna Seray into Banyaluka. There
was little travel in these days, and if the
horse would run away, it could be in two
directions only, for on one side there were
the mountains and the river was on the
other.

  As I reached the road, from the path
which led down from my father’s han, the
cavalcade of the Turkish governor from
Bosna Seray passed me, and as was the cus-
tom in these days, I salaamed and shouted
the greeting—

  “Tchok Yasha Padishahim.”

  With this shout, a change came over the
horse. The brute had been restless and
dancing, and now he had become docile. I
had heard it said that the Arabs talk to their
horses and that they had certain phrases
with which to pacify them, but I had never
seen it done nor had I believed it. This
came into my mind, and I quickly took the
opportunity to mount the horse. I had to
ride him bareback and I did ride him back
to the han on the plateau of the Konir
Mountains.

  Have patience, effendi, I know I spoke of
Gipsies. I shall come to this presently.
Inshallah, but these cigarets are good.

  From then on, ere I would mount El
Ghaleb, I would whisper the greeting into
his ear and he would become as docile as the
lambs on the plains of Dolna Douzla.

  Seeing that the period of training for the
horse had passed and that the pasha would

  be able to ride him, my father bid me to take
  the horse to Mostar and to sell it to the
  pasha.

   Quickly I was on my way. On the second
 day I reached Bosna Seray and spent the

  night with my uncle Husref Beg, and in the
  morning I was on my way to Mostar, which
  is South of Sarajevo.

   It was on the evening of the third day
 when I came upon a camp of Gipsies, and
 as I was tired and needed food, I decided to
 stop with them. I was young then, effendi,
 and the Gipsies are musicians and dancers
 and their women are comely.

    Just ahead of us was the town of Konitza
  on the Narenta River on the border line be-
  tween Bosnia and Hercegovina which
  countries were separate sandchaks in these
  days. I did not care to go to Konitza for I
  knew no one in the town, and the people
  there were not friendly inclined to strangers.
  So I stayed with the Gipsies.

   Their king was Zulfikar, and he was a
 strong man. Well should I know later on.
 The women were cooking pillaw in iron
 kettles and the men were sitting around the
 fires making music. Some were playing the
 tamboora, which is a guitar played with a
 quill and others used the gdsla, which is a
 one-stringed fiddle, played with a bow.

    They played well and I liked the music.
  Zulfikar accepted the ten piastres which I
  offered to pay for food and my share of a
  tent, and his eyes, while he talked to me,
  strayed often to El Ghaleb. I knew the
  love a Gipsy bears for a good horse and I
  understood. But I decided to be watchful,
136

Adventure

for most Gipsies are horse-thieves, and the
Turks were quick in their justice only when
no gold tickled the palms of their hands.

  No Kadi would hang a Gipsy for stealing
a horse if the Gipsy had a price to pay for
his life. And not only were the Gipsies
quick with gold to free one of their tribe,
but also with their daggers, and every
Turkish Kadi knew it.

          THE night was cool, and after I -
*—JfT had eaten my fill of pillaw I de-
£ided to retire. I rolled myself
^ 8 4 into the covers which Zulfikar
had provided for me, and lay down near the
entrance of the tent so that I could see El
Ghaleb where I had tied him to an olive tree..

  Even before I had dozed off, two Gipsies
had entered and lain down to sleep in the
tent. As I had ridden hard all day, I was
tired, and I believe I had fallen asleep.
The next thing I knew, I was laying on my
back and one of my tent-mates was kneeling
on my chest, while the other tied my hands
to my sides and then proceeded to strap my
ankles together with his belt.

  When they had finished—-I was too
dazed to make much of a resistance—they
called for Zulfikar. But he did not enter
the tent. He ordered the men to bring me
out into the open. They carried me out and
placed me against a tree. Then Zulfikar
approached me and said—

  “Wilt thou sell me thy horse, Moslem?”
Just then my senses returned. I knew
that Zulfikar would surely take El Ghaleb
and that I would receive just punishment
from my father’s hands for having lost the
horse. I also knew that Zulfikar would not
be able to ride the horse and that I could
trace him and his tribe until I would find
him and bring him to justice. No Kadi
would be lenient with him if I used my
father’s name, and it was a well-known
name in these days, effendi. So I merely
shook my head and said:

  “No, I will not sell thee El Ghaleb, for
he is too good a horse to be ridden by a
Gipsy; besides the horse is destined for
Ahmet Agha, Pasha of Mostar.”

  As soon as I had said this, I wished I had
bitten off my tongue ere I had spoken. For
instead of frightening the Gipsy with the
pasha’s name, I only had increased the
Gipsy’s desire for the horse. He, too, must
have known of the pasha’s quest for an
Arabian horse and since the pasha’s harem

was always well filled, due to the efforts of
Gipsies, I should have known that Zulfikar
and Abu Sharval were not strangers to each

other.

  In this I was correct, for Zulfikar began to
laugh.

  “So it is for Abu Sharval, that thou art
taking this horse to Mostar. We are also
going there, and the Father of WideTrousers
would rather take the horse from the hands
of Zulfikar, his friend, than from a Bosnian
Moslem whom he likes none too well. I
ask thee again, wilt thou sell me the horse,
before I am compelled to buy it from thee?”

  Well did I know what the Gipsy meant by
buying the horse. Quite well did I know
this old Gipsy trick, and I shall explain it to
thee, effendi, as I continue this tale.

  I was helpless, and I cursed myself for
a fool for having camped with Zulfikar’s
tribe. I knew that I could not return to my
father’s han should I lose the horse, and I
had no desire to betray my father’s trust.
So I decided to rely upon my wit and use it
in the course of the affair.

  They took me into Konitza when the-
morning came and made straight for the
Kadi’s house.

  The Kadi was an old man, and when the
Gipsies brought me before him, still tied, he
was already sitting in his chair of justice,
fingering his beads and mumbling prayers
into his long, white beard. He asked me no
questions, but bade Zulfikar to state his
case. Thus he did it:

  “This man came to our camp last evening
and offered to sell me the horse which thou
wilt see tied to yon post outside this window,

0	father of all wise men. I offered him a
decent price, but he wished to take ad-
vantage of a Gipsy, calling me vile names.

1	shall pay him a just price and thou wilt
enter the purchase contract into the book,
for I shall have protection. It shall not be
said that I have stolen his horse. Lend me
thy ear, O wise one, and take heed, for he
is a violent man and harmful. He would
have killed me had we not bound him.”

  It was useless for me to even open my
mouth. There were no calls for witnesses,
nor the incantation of the Kadi to Allah to
send him enlightening so that he might
make a just decision. The Kadi’s palm
was already red with gold, and I knew be-
forehand what would happen. It did.

  The Kadi ordered his scribe to enter the
purchase into the book of records, and
South of Sarajevo

137

Zulfikar laid down ten Austrian gold
eagles* upon the desk in front of the Kadi.

  “Note thou, wise one, that I shall pay
him well and have this sum entered into
the book. See thou with thine own eyes
that I am going to place these coins into
his pocket and give me a paper saying that
I have honestly bought the horse.”

  So saying, Zulfikar picked up the gold
again and pretended to place the coins into
my pocket. Gipsies are clever with their
hands and fingers. Remember, effendi, they
are experts in all trades of thievery, and Zul-
fikar expertly placed the coins back into his
own belt from whence they had come.

  Why did I not remonstrate? I have told
thee, effendi, there were no witnesses and
the Kadi was bought. Oh, Turkish justice
in Bosnia! It was different when the
Austrians came. Then many Gipsies were
hanging from the gallows. But then the
Austrians also might have bought the horse
legally and paid with a price set by a mili-
tary court. I have seen this done too, but
this is another tale..

  The Kadi’s scribe entered the sale into the
book of records and made out a paper for
Zulfikar and the Kadi impressed his ring into
the sealing wax. Then they turned me loose.

  I cried, effendi, when the Gipsies led El
Ghaleb away, for I was young then and the
fear of my father’s punishment was strong
in my heart. Zulfikar stopped and saw me
crying. This made him laugh and he came
over to where I stood.

  “Would it not have been better for thee
to have sold me thy horse, Moslem?” he
asked. “A searching dog will find bones,
and I have looked long for a horse which I
could take to Ahmet Agha. I shall give
thee this cloth to dry thy tears in addition
to the eagles in this pocket.”

  He stuffed a piece of cotton into my
pocket and his eyes opened wide:

  “Hast thou lost the gold which I have
given thee in exchange for thy horse?” he
asked in surprize.

These Gipsies are not only musicians and
thieves, effendi. They are actors as well.

SO I stood in front of the Kadi’s
house and looked after the cara-
van which took my horse away.
There came one of the soldiers,
who in these days were doing police duty,
and asked me if I had money. I told him

   * 10 guilder pieces.

I had not. He then arrested me on the
Kadi’s orders for being a vagrant in the
town of Konitza, and threw me into jail.
This, too, was part of the game, so that I
could not follow the Gipsies and see where
my father’s horse was taken to.

  Two days I stayed in the jail of Konitza,
and after I was released, I had to spend an-
other day in the willows along the Narenta
River, picking the vermin out of my clothes.
Thus I had lost three days, and then I de-
cided to go straight to Mostar and make a
plea to Abu Sharval himself.

  The pasha’s palace stood on the'hill over-
looking the city and many gardens were laid
out on the hillside. Through these I had to
pass before I would reach the palace, and
there I saw several of the pasha’s yanitchari
who were trying to tame a horse.

  They were out on the lawn, and while two
were holding the horse, another one was
using a long whip unsparingly.

  There are two things, effendi, which
make me mad. Men who beat horses and
Greeks who sell bad cigarets. Yes,
effendi, I will have one more of these good
ones. So I ran across the lawn and, with
anger in my heart, began to shout at the
soldiers. I did not recognize El Ghaleb at
first, for the horse had been badly treated,
but I would have acted thus for any
other horse, for I love them. When it came
to me that my father’s horse was thus
beaten, I forgot where I was and used my
fists on the men. They in turn began to
tussle and wrestle with me and the noise
rang to heaven.

  The man who wielded the whip used it
on me as well as on the horse, and my
cries brought out the pasha to see what
all the tumult was about.

  Well was Ahmet Agha named Abu Shar-
val. He could have carried many of his
children in his wide trousers. Ahmet Agha
was a fat man and, as he approached us, he
seemed to roll over the lawn rather than
walk. He was out of breath when he reached
us, and I was a sorry sight, for my clothes
had been torn and my face was bloody
where the rawhide whip had cut the skin.

  I tore myself from the grip of the ya-
nitchari and salaamed deeply. Then I
kissed the hem of his coat and spoke to
him in reverent tones. I did not wish to
have him speak first, for I knew that his
words would have been an order to throw
me into the tower of his palace. I had to
138

Adventure

state my case ere the opportunity was lost
forever.

  So I told Abu Sharval how my father had
obtained this horse for him from Slavonia
and that I had been robbed by the Gipsies
while traveling to bring the horse to him.
That I had seen the soldiers beat the horse
and that I had come to prevent them from
doing so.

  There I had made another mistake,
effendi, for the soldiers were carrying out
the pasha’s orders and I had no right to
interfere. Abu Sharval’s brows wrinkled,
and he was about to berate me for my dar-
ing, but I gave him no time to open his
mouth.

  “This horse is strong, and a fitting animal
to be ridden by the Govenor of Hercegovina,
and should not be beaten, for it will lose
its beauty,” I said to Abu Sharval. “Were
it not for this thief, Zulfikar, I would have
brought this horse to thee in good shape
and ready for the Hadshi procession in
which thou wilt ride.”

  There were numbers of Moslems in
Bosnia in these days, effendi, who took the
trip to Mekka, and when they returned,
they wore the green tourban of the Prophet,
and were called Hadshi. They assembled
for their pilgrimage in the residence towns
of the pashas who governed the sandchaks,
and the pasha would lead the procession.
All this is passed now, effendi, and the
faithful are few in this land where only the
Servians and the Greek get fat.

  So Abu Sharval stroked his beard and
looked thoughtful. “Tell me,” he finally
spoke, “how canst thou prove to me that
thou hast not sold the horse to Zulfikar
and that it is thy father’s animal? I have
bought this horse from Zulfikar, it is true, but
the Gipsy has not told me that he had
bought it from thee. It was thy own tale
that this sale had taken place at Konitza.
Zulfikar has told me that he had bought the
horse in Bosna Seray, and that he had rid-
den it to Mostar.”

  “Ridden it?” I cried. “O Ahmet Agha,
did Zulfikar tell thee that he has ridden this
horse? Then I can prove to thee that the
Gipsy is a liar and a thief and that I
speak the truth. Has the Gipsy left this
city?”

  “Nay, he is sitting within the palace
drinking moccha and smoking a narghileh”
replied the pasha. Then, turning to the
soldiers, he ordered, “Omar, Yussuf and

thee, Hamid, fetch me Zulfikar, but tell him

not of this affair.”

THE three yanitchari soon re-
turned with the Gipsy and
brought him before the pasha. I
was standing behind El Ghaleb,
stroking his neck, and Zulfikar did not see
me. He would not have recognized me at
once, for I was disfigured from the cuts on
my face.

  “Zulfikar,” the pasha said, “is this the
horse which thou hast bought in Bosna
Seray and ridden to Mostar?”

  “Ay, O Ahmet Agha, it Lis the very same
animal.’”

  “But this man,” the pasha continued,
pointing to me, “tells me that it is his
horse which thou hast stolen from him at
Konitza.”

  The Gipsy looked at me and recognized
me after awhile.

  “This man is a liar,” said Zulfikar. “Look
at him and then consider if a beggar would
have enough gold to purchase such a horse
of Araby. They do not raise such horses
in Bosnia. I have paid one hundred Turk-
ish pounds for this horse, Ahmet Agha, and
I made but ten pounds profit, for thou hast
only paid me one hundred and ten.”

  At this I spoke for the first time since the
Gipsy had been called:

  “Ask thy yanitchari to search this thief,
Excellency,” I said, “and in his pocket
they will find the paper the Kadi’s scribe at
Konitza had made out for ten Austrian
gold eagles. And then, O Ahmet Agha, ask
this liar to ride El Ghaleb in thy garden.
If he has ridden him from Bosna Seray to
Mostar, he should be able to do it again, but
heed my words, Excellency, he can not sit
this horse, for El Ghaleb’s back has never
been weighed by any other man but thy
servant.”

  Abu Sharval spoke a short command, and
ere Zulfikar could gather his wits, two of
the soldiers held him while a third one took
from his belt the paper I had spoken of.
This he handed to the pasha. Abu Sharval
took one look and the furrow between his
brows deepened.

   “Verily, thou art a liar, Zulfikar,” he said,
“but then a lie is a stock in trade of every
Gipsy. I will give thee one more chance.
Ride thou this horse, and I will forget for the
sake of the Circassian maiden which thou
hast brought me this day. Mount this
South of Sarajevo

139

horse, Gipsy, and stay on his back. For
if thou art thrown, thou wilt not arise be-
fore Yussuf has finished tickling the soles of
thy feet with fifty lashes.”

  At this Zulfikar’s face went white. But
he was willing to try. He waited until the
soldiers had saddled the horse and then
tried to mount. He never straddled El
Ghaleb. He was thrown as soon as his foot
touched the stirrup. And while he was
lying on'the ground, Yussuf sat on his head,
holding him down, and Omar on his belly,
for the Gipsy showed fight.

  I walked over to El Ghaleb. The horse,
having been beaten, showed no desire to run
away, and I whispered into his ear—
“Tchok Yasha Padishahim.”

  Then I mounted the horse and rode
around the garden. When I brought him
back to the pasha, the soldiers were busy
preparing for the bastonade which Zulfikar
was to receive.

  Yes, effendi, the pasha paid me the price
I asked for the horse, and after I had told
him of the words which would induce El
Ghaleb to permit any man to mount him,
he sent me safely back to my father’s han
with an escort of two mounted yanitchari,

for there were robbers in the mountains
South of Sarajevo before the Austrians

came.

  Zulfikar never forgot the bastonade he
received at the hands of the pasha’s soldiers
and that I had outwitted him and deprived
him forever of the pasha’s protection. He
swore vengeance, but I paid no heed then,
and not now. I was young then, effendi,
and reckless and not afraid of any man.

  I	am an old man now, [and poor, it is
true, compelled to smoke bad cigarets. I
thank thee, effendi, this will be the last one,
for my tale is ended. But still, I am not
afraid of any man. Nor am I afraid of Zul-
fikar who has sworn that he would cut my
throat. He, too, is old now, and the Ser-
vians have made him a policeman here in
Bosna Seray. I see him once ever so often,
but I stand my ground for, as I said, effendi,
old as Mehemet Ali might be, he is not
afraid of any man.

  There sings the muezzin from the min-
aret, it is time for the evening prayer.

  “Allah U Allah, Mohamet rassoul Allah1”

  Inshallah, effendi. Be quick and lock
the door, here comes Zulfikar, and he carries
a saber on his belt!
#J^The Parson and the Injun

 £ Ay Albert William Stone

T

HE “Parson,” who had been sent
out to round up horses that had
strayed the night before, came
back to camp with a prisoner—
a young Comanche who rode his horse with
the indescribable grace that only El Serpent
can command. The young brave was sullen,
as he doubtless had reason to be; but his
sullenness was tinged with a certain dignity.
He had been relieved of his war knife and his
fourteen-foot lance; his captor was carrying
both, as well as the bow that went with the
quiver of arrows slung on the young savage’s
back.

  Milt Culpepper, the trail boss, surveyed
the captive with a coolly appraising eye.
Culpepper was a veteran of the plains,
and knew Indians from scalp - lock to
moccasins.

  “Some ketch,” he observed. “From his
paint, he’s scoutin’ fer a war party. This
trail is gettin’to be about as safe as the Bad
Lands fer a white man. Where did you
round him up?”

  The Parson, who answered to the name
of Hank Blossom, if necessary, jerked his
thumb over one lanky shoulder.

  “Seen his feathers stickin’ up over the
edge of an arroyo,” he explained. “Stalked
him when he wasn’t lookin’. Didn’t seem
to want to talk, so I brought him in.”

  “Instead o’ trimmin’ him fer his hair right
where you got him, I reckon.”

  The trail boss was being sarcastic. The

parson was notoriously averse to taking
human life, even of the ubiquitous Co-
manche.

  “Well, Sully Pratt’ll try to make short
work of him when he sees him. Sully’s
broodin’ some ever since he found his brother
layin’ under that mesquite bush, scalped.
He don’t seem to have no love fer an Injun,
’specially a Comanche.”

  At a gesture from the Parson the prisoner
slid off his horse, and straightway became
the personification of awkwardness. Even
his face was immediately overcast with a
slovenly expression. His short, squat fig-
ure slouched incredibly. Across his naked
back the quiver was nearly full of arrows.
They were cruelly pronged. His trunk was
smeared and streaked with bright vermil-
ion, his countenance blackened hideously.
His coarse hair shone with recent greasing,
and a war bonnet of curling buffalo horns
and eagle feathers gave him an aspect that
was both picturesque and repulsive.

  “Speak,” ordered Culpepper in Spanish.
“What has the red brother to say for him-
self?”

  Several lean, bronzed cowboys had gath-
ered about to look at the Indian. Most of
them wore two six-shooters, although here
and there was a man with only one. Bowie
knives were a part of every man’s visible
armament. Battered sombreros, unbut-
toned vests partly covering flannel shirts,
leather chaparejos, short boots and huge

140
The Parson and the Injun

141

spurs made up the general sartorial equip-
ment. All were smoking cigarets.

  The Indian’s countenance was immobile
as a statue’s. His beady, black eyes, how-
ever, roved about as if seeking an avenue of
escape. They were sharp as a hawk’s and
cruel as a wolf’s. The morning sun shone
brilliantly on his feathered plumage, and
paint besmeared body. His arms and
shoulders bulged with great muscles.

  “It will not be well for the red brother if
he does not speak,” threatened the trail boss.
“The white man comes peacefully into the
country, seeking trade only. But your
people* lie in wait to plunder and to kill.
The red brother was caught lurking on the
trail. He is dressed for the warpath.
Speak. What have you to say?”

  The Indian was silent, his beady eyes
watchful. He was young, not more than
twenty. If he understood a word of the
language in which Culpepper was addressing
him, he gave no sign. The circle of cowboys
crowded closer, each man with his hand
carelessly close to the butt of his gun. In
the trail days of Texas the Indian was legiti-
mate prey. These men obviously wanted
to be in at the kill.

  In both directions thousands of cattle
stretched, grazing. They would not be sur-
feited before ten o’clock, and it was now less
than nine. Across the Pecos River on the
left, the numerous escarpments of the Staked
Plain reared themselves like the walls of a
fortified city. On every hand were thickets
of tornilla and mesquite. A little- farther
up the trail the cattle were belly deep in the
tall juicy jacaton.

  Two more cowboys dashed up at this
juncture—swing riders. One of them, at
sight of the Indian, jerked his six-shooter
with a movement disconcertingly swift and
leveled it at the captive. It was Sully
Pratt.

  “Spread, you gents,” he ordered crisply,
waving the revolver. There was a deadly
chill in his voice. “I don’t want to hit any-
body but that-Injun.”

  They scattered, including Culpepper.
Sully Pratt was a product of the plains, who
lived, and hoped to die by the law of the
West. His natural hate for an Indian had
been intensified by the cruel murder of his
brother, several weeks before. The way
clear, he brought the big six gun slowly to
a bead. The young Indian did not deign to
move.

  But the gun was not discharged after all.
The Parson, who was standing close to the
spot where the two horsemen had reined in,
had reached up a long arm and knocked
Sully Pratt’s hand upward. The cowboy
looked down, his gray eyes cold as ice.

  “That there’s my prisoner, Sully,” the
parson explained. “I’m holdin’ him fer
other purposes. Besides, he’s jest a boy,
savvy? I don’t reckon you aim to be killin’
a helpless boy, do you?”

  “Boy!” Sully Pratt spoke through his
teeth. For all his coolness, he was evi-
dently raging within. “He’s an Injun.
Which he’s likewise a Comanche. I’ll kill
him like I would a rattler. Don’t you try
fer to stop me, Hank Blossom, or I’ll let
daylight through you, too!”

  Like a flash his arm, which had remained
elevated, came down. The revolver spat
fire. But the shot went harmlessly into the
ground, so close to the horse upon which the
cowboy was astride as to cause the startled
animal to plunge. The Parson had, with a
movement as quick as Sully Pratt’s own,
seized the other’s wrist and jerked it down-
ward.

  Now he held the wrist in a grip of steel,
while their eyes met and held. There was
murder in Sully Pratt’s orbs. He did not
struggle.

“I’ll get you fer this,” he said quietly.
“Any time,” returned the Parson affably.
“Any time, Sully. I reckon I’m at your ser-
vice. But don’t you hurt that Injun while
he’s my prisoner.”

  He dropped the wrist and walked delib-
erately to where the young savage was stand-
ing. From around his waist, where it was
coiled, he unwound his horsehair lariat
and proceeded to bind the captive’s hands.
Then he turned to Culpepper.

  “I’m thinkin’ maybe we kin git him to
talk after a while,” he remarked. “If it’s
all the same to you, I’ll keep an eye on him
ontil we make camp tonight.”

  The trail boss knew that he had been
witnessing something that would probably
result in death for somebody. But his man-
ner was as cool as though the Parson had
merely remarked upon the state of the
weather. He nodded toward the Indian’s
superb Spanish horse.

  “Stick him on his hoss an’ tie his feet to-
gether underneath,” he suggested. “To-
night maybe we kin git something out of
him. Anyway, while we got him in camp,
142

, Adventure

it ain’t likely the Injuns will tackle us.
They’ll try to steal him first.”

  “Yes, an’ if you’ll take my advice, you’ll
fix him so they won’t git to steal nothin’ but
an Injun carcass without no hair attached,”
remarked Joe Ward, a thick-set cowboy in
the surrounding group. “Them Comanches
is the slickest night thieves in the world.”
The trail boss looked at him.

  “You savvy Injuns pretty well, don’t
you?”

  “Do I?” Ward spat. “I savvy ’em well
enough to know that the only safe Co-
manche is a dead one. An’ even then I
wouldn’t trust one of the sons o’ guns.”
“Then I reckon you better take this
here redskin in charge,” Culpepper ordered.
“You’re detailed to keep an eye on him to-
night. If they’s anybody able to spot an
Injun in the dark, it oughta be you.”

  To insure temporary peace, at least, the
trail boss ordered Sully Pratt on point duty,
up where the mess wagon, with its soiled
and patched canvas, creaked and shrieked
its way across the prairie. The Indian cap-
tive was kept at the rear, under the eye of
Joe Ward. The Parson, apparently satis-
fied with the arrangement, performed his
duty as horse-wrangler for the day.

AT TWO o’clock the herd, which
had been resting after its noon
watering in the river, began to
graze. They kept it up until twi-
light, when they were herded into close cir-
cular formation and bedded down for the
night.

  All through the day Joe Ward had, at
intervals, plied his ravage charge with ques-
tions delivered in English, Spanish and vari-
ous brands of polyglot with which the cow-
boy was familiar. But the young Indian
preserved a dignified silence, not showing by
even the flicker of an eyelash that he gath-
ered the white man’s meaning.

  The wagon was drawn up and the rope
corral strung for the night herd of horses.
The cook built a huge fire and busied him-
self in preparation for supper. He drew
water for the coffee out of a spigot from one
of the barrels lashed to the side of the mess
wagon. His cooking utensils he recovered
from the untanned rawhide that swung un-
derneath . Cowboys rode in and helped them-
selves to tin pans of sizzling bacon and beans.
They wolfed down soda biscuits and drained
big tin cups of black coffee. Then, detailed

on guard duty for the first two hours of
night, they rode forth again, their places be-
ing shortly taken by the men they relieved.

  The young Indian steadily refused all of-
fers of food. He had been taken down from
the horse, his feet securely trussed together,
and placed in a reclining position on the
ground, his head propped against a saddle
blanket. His blackened face was more hid-
eous than ever in the firelight. At a proffer
of water in a tin cup, however, he unbent
enough to swallow a few mouthfuls. His
eyes were constantly alert.

  Culpepper and the Parson conferred in
low tones, back of the mess wagon. Sully
Pratt had come in, sullenly eaten his sup-
per, and departed on guard duty.

  “I don’t want no trouble between you two
boys,” the trail boss was saying. “Of
course, it ain’t right to kill even an Injun
after you’ve got him helpless. But we got
to remember that Sully ain’t got no call to
love a Comanche. Maybe if you or me had
seen what Sully seen-”

  “I’ll stick around, if it’s all the same to
you,” said the Parson. “I didn’t say nothin’
before, Milt, but they’s a lot of Injun sign
around. Looks right fresh to me, too.
Shouldn’t wonder but what they’re figgerin’
on attackin’ us one o’ these times. Thought
maybe we could get somethin’ out of this
young redskin.”

  “We couldn’t do it by any pink tea
method,” the trail boss declared. “I don’t
like his looks. These boys of mine are all
old stagers, an’ kin take care of themselves
ag’in four or five times their number in In-
juns, even Comanches. But if the war
party is a thousand or so—an’ I’ve heard
they’re gittin’ up a reg’lar army to clean the
trail—that’s another story. I reckon I’d
better keep the outfit on duty tonight.
We’ll have to git in some sleep when the
herd lays down tomorrow mornin’.”

  The Parson approved. He offered to re-
lieve Joe Ward in his watch over the captive,
but Ward scornfully refused all aid.

  “I reckon I don’t need no help to look af-
ter no ornery, no-account Comanche,” he
declared. Whereupon the trail boss sent
the Parson out on scout duty. The horse
herd, especially, would have to be watched
closely, for the Comanche steals horses first
and goes on forays for human life after-
ward.

  The night was a perfect one, cool and with
a light breeze. The cowboys rode herd
The Parson and the Injun

143

  much as usual, save that they did their noc-
  turnal humming in subdued tones. Ciga-
  rets were lighted in carefully cupped hands.
  The men relieved each other for two-hour
  shifts; the extra ones rode in a wide circle,
  within sight and hearing of the camp, but
  far enough away to encounter any creeping
  Indians, if they were lucky.

    Throughout the night the Indian lay with-
  out moving, the dying fire reflecting be-
  tween the half-closed lids of his black eyes.
  He was not asleep; but he was so motionless
  that Joe Ward caught himself nodding sev-
  eral times. His efforts to engage the cap-
  tive in conversation continued to be un-
  availing. The snort of the horses within
  the rope corral became a sort of symphony
  in the cowboy’s ears. The occasional soft
  bellow of a steer registered faintly upon his
  consciousness.

HE CAME to himself with a start
as two riders came up to the fire
and dismounted, preparatory to
turning their horses into the cor-
ral. One of them was the Parson. The
other was Culpepper.

    “Where’s the Injun?” demanded Cul-
 pepper.

    Ward rubbed his eyes. The Indian was
  miraculously gone.

    “Why, doggone it, he was there jest a
  minnit ago!” he exclaimed.

    He leaped to his feet and staredatthespot
  where the captive had been. Only the mat-
  ted grass at the side of the blanket roll tes-
  tified to his recent presence.

    With an oath Ward sprang into the dark-
  ness outside the circle of fire, pulling his
  six-shooter as he ran. The other two men
  followed suit. Fifty yards away they dis-
  cerned two dim forms rising upright from
  the ground. The three guns spoke simul-
  taneously, streaking the gloom with flame.

' But the shadowy forms had melted into the
  darkness. Followed a double gallop of un-
  shod hoofs over the prairie. Too late the
  trio bethought them of their own horses.
  In a moment they were riding pell-mell
  through the mesquite, shooting as they
  galloped.

    Fortunately, they were far enough from
  the sleeping herd to preclude likelihood of a
  stampede. A few minutes’, mad galloping
  carried them far enough away to convince
  them that they were being uselessly reckless.

    When they returned empty-handed to the

camp-fire, the cook had thrown some wood
on it, and the resulting blaze lighted the
ground all around. Culpepper pointed to
the spot where the Indian had lain.

  “There’s what’s left of Hank’s lariat,” he
growled. “Slashed through. Pretty slick
work, all right.” He turned to the crest-
fallen Ward. “I thought you was the gent
that understood Injuns so well?”

  The cowboy for once had nothing to say.
The episode was outside the pale of even
his vast experience. The trail boss spoke
rapidly.

  “This means an attack, sure as shootin’.
In less than two days, boys. Somebody’s
got to make it to Fort Sumner an’ bring
back the dragoons. I’ll call fer volunteers
right away.”

  The Parson had bitten off a huge chew of
twist tobacco and was working his jaws slow-
ly. His sombrero was shoved to the back of
his head, revealing his corrugated forehead
with a few straggling hairs, streaked with
gray, falling across it.

  “We kin save time by startin’ now,” he
remarked to Joe Ward. “Git your hoss,
Joe. It lacks about two hours of daylight,
an’ we’ll have to lay hid all day, like as not.”
Ward was feeling distinctly de trop. He
stared at the Parson with positive gratitude
in his eyes. To be permitted to accompany
the Parson on such an errand after the fool
he felt he had made of himself, was seized
upon as an honor. Likewise, he signalized
his elation by seizing the Parson’s [great
hand and wringing it.

  “It’s a dangerous mission, boys,” Cul-
pepper cautioned. “But I don’t know of
anybody I’d trust to see it through more
than you, Hank.” Ward winced. “Strad-
dle your bosses an’ vamose. An’ fer-’s

sake don’t let no prairie grass grow under
your feet while you’re travelin’. My hair
feels loose.”

  The trail boss knew Indians.

II

FORT SUMNER was a hundred
and fifty miles distant. The two
travelers covered twenty-five miles
by daylight, when they sought
cover in the low hills that flanked the Pecos.
At the first assault of darkness they roused
themselves, ate cold bacon and biscuits
without coffee, and resumed their journey.
The Indian, they knew, does not attack at
144

Adventure

night save in rare instances. By daylight
they had done eighty miles more, but when
the darkness had faded they discovered
themselves on a part of the trail that
bisected a vast expanse of flat, treeless plain.
The nearest hills were ten miles farther on.

  “I reckon we’ve got to keep goin’,” the
Parson drawled.

  He was not deceived by the peacefulness
of the scene. The sky was cloudless, the
sun blazing in all its heated glory, drenching
the drab plain in gold and bathing the thick-
ets of mesquite and chaparral. Not another
living thing was in sight, although during
the night they had startled a sleeping herd
of buffalo and precipitated a thunder of
hoofs that would have drowned out the roar
of Niagara.

  At the left of the trail, a quarter of a mile
distant, was the Pecos River. It was effec-
tually hidden from view by perpendicular,
sharply cut banks ten to twenty feet high.
Already the horizon was dancing and palpi-
tating in the heat.

  Joe Ward shaded his eyes and stared to
the westward, where a low hill rounded it-
self into the skyline. He was, as revealed
by the broad daylight, a powerful, deeply
bronzed man of thirty-five, clad in the usual
sombrero, flannel shirt, short boots and
chaparejos. His ragged vest hung open, and
a blue cotton neckerchief partly shielded his
corded throat. Besides the six-shooters in
his holsters, he carried a Henry repeating
rifle across the pommel of his saddle. The
Parson was similarly accoutered.

  “That there hill would be a blame good
place to stand off a bunch of Injuns,” Ward
remarked.

  The Parson nodded abstractedly. Like
his companion, he was bronzed and powerful,
but with a strength unrevealed by the gen-
eral deceiving looseness of his physical con-
struction. He rode his horse with stirrups
thrust stiffly out before him, his lanky body
swaying easily to the movements of the ani-
mal. His deeply lined face was so grave
as to be almost lugubrious. The Parson’s
sobriquet came from several sources. He
rarely smiled, almost never laughed, and at
times displayed an almost womanish dis-
taste for the rough horseplay of his associ-
ates. Yet, when occasion arose, he was a
fighting man of bravery and resource, cool
under pressure of the most desperate emer-
gency, and the champion tobacco-chewer of
the outfit.

  He was chewing now, steadily and rumi-
natively. He glanced at the hill indicated
by his companion, although, as a matter of
fact, he had noted it some time before.

  “We’re shore takin’ a long chance out
here without no cover,” continued Ward.
He had recovered his lost sang froid, obvi-
ously. “You can’t never tell when they’s
Injuns lurkin’ around. There ain’t any-
thing more all-around sneakin’ than an In-
jun. You ought to’ve let Sully Pratt shoot
that there redskin you captured, Hank.
That would have meant one less of the
cussed, ornery, murderin’ skunks to bother
with, anyhow.”

  The Parson spat thoughtfully.

“Injuns ain’t so bad when you git to know
’em,” he observed. His companion snorted.
“Ain’t so bad as what? An earthquake?”
“An Injun is the most reeligious critter
they is,” the Parson went on.

  “Reeligious!” Ward turned in amaze-
ment. “Injuns reeligious?” He laughed
scornfully. “They believe that an Injun
that don’t git scalped goes to the Happy
Hunting Ground, and that if he does git
scalped he ain’t even worth buryin’, if
that’s what you call reeligious. A scalped
Injun is jest carrion fit fer crowbait, ac-
cordin’ to an Injun’s reeligion.”

  The Parson was silent, and Joe Ward con-
tinued, as he flecked a horse fly away from
his mount’s ears:

  “An Injun is the most ontrustworthy
skunk they is. He’ll pretend to be your
friend, an’ then scalp you when your back’s
turned. An Injun ain’t got no conscience.
Whatever he wants he takes, if he kin git it.
If he gits it, he’s been right, he thinks. If
he don’t, he’s jest onlucky. You saved that
young buck’s life the other day, all right.
An’ Sully Pratt’s down on you, maybe he’ll
take a pot shot at you some day. You’ve
got a white man down on you, but you ain’t
made no friend out of that Injun. He’ll
stick a knife into you if he gits a chance,
mark my words.”

  “He didn’t stick none into you when you1
went to sleep, I notice.”

  The loquacious Ward was effectually/
squelched once more.

  “I reckon he was too much set on giftin'
away,” he muttered. “This sure is a won-
derful mornin’, speaking from a weather
standpoint.”

“Don’t turn your head, Joe,” the Parson
said suddenly. His tone was low. “But
The Parson and the Injun

head your hoss casual-like toward that there
hill you been talkin’ about. Easy, now.”

  The other’s poise became rigid, and the
muscles of his neck swelled visibly.

  “What d’ye see?”

 “Nothin’, maybe.” The Parson spoke
quietly. “Somethin’ stickin’ up above the
edge of the river bank. Maybe it’s a sprig
o’ cactus. Maybe somethin’ else. Some
ways you look at it, it might be a feather.”"

  He was observing the projection above
the bank out of the corner of his eye. The
object moved slightly, he thought. Then
it disappeared. The Parson did not raise
his voice.

  “Dig in, Joe, an’ ride like - fer that

hill!”

  Under the sharp rake of the huge spurs
the two animals sprang forward as if released
from a steel trap. In something less than
a dozen heart-beats they had covered a
hundred yards in the direction of the hill.

ALMOST at the same instant the
peace of the morning was shat-
tered by a bedlam of blood-cur-
dling yells, shot through with the
terrifying falsetto that characterizes the In-
dian shout of triumph everywhere. The
two men looked back, and beheld a band of
fifty or more Comanches racing toward
them out of a draw that cut through the
river’s bank. They were superbly mounted,
crouched low on their horses’ withers and
plying quirt and heel madly.

  As the white men had been riding all night,
their mounts were anything but fresh. Those
of the Indians were obviously anything but
tired. Doubtless they had been riding
leisurely up the arroyo cut by the river, hid-
den from sight by the deep banks. The un-
even race continued about twenty seconds,
when one of the foremost Indians fired a
rifle and Ward’s horse plunged to its knees.
The rider went sprawling over its head.

  Instantly the Parson reined in so sharply
that his horse was jerked to its hind legs,
pawing. The Parson sprang from the sad-
dle. Ward’s horse, shot through the heart,
was kicking feebly. Without losing an in-
stant of time the Parson pulled his huge
bowie knife from its sheath and plunged the
keen blade into his own animal’s throat,
severing the jugular vein. Blood spurted
over his hand in a crimson stream.

  Ward’s horse, it developed, had fallen at

the edge of a buffalo wallow, and Ward now

  10

  lay within the depression. It was two or
three feet deep and eight or nine feet in diam-
eter. While his own stricken animal was
sinking to its knees, the Parson crouched
behind the dead horse, effectually shielded
from the rifle and arrow fire of the oncoming
Indians, and brought his repeating Henry
rifle into play. It belched a stream of lead
from its capable muzzle, and three of the
racing savages tossed their hands into the
air, .uttered wild yells and toppled to the
ground. Their horses instantly whirled and
galloped back the way they had come. The
remaining Comanches reined in and began
to retreat.

  Ward groaned.

  “I got that bullet in the laig, I reckon,”
he said. “It hurts like thunder, an’ I can’t
seem to handle it. Take a look, will you,
Hank?”

  The Parson looked swiftly. “You got it
in the fleshy part of the calf,” he reported.
“It ain’t goin’ to interfere none with your
shootin’, yet. Jest pull yourself up here an’
onlimber your Henry. They’ll be cornin’
ag’in in a minnit.”

  The Parson’s horse’s dying convulsions
had ceased. With calm strength its owner
grasped it by one of its hind legs and yanked
it half way around, so that it lay parallel
with the other animal. The beleagured
men now had a complete breastworks. The
Parson shoved his rifle across the warm
body and squinted through the sights.

  “Come along as soon as you want to,” he
invited. “We’ll get a few of you, anyhow.
You all right, Joe?”

  His tone was solicitous, his manner de-
tached. Ward groaned again and pain-
fully wriggled himself to a position behind
his dead horse, thrusting his rifle into place.
The injured leg sprawled out behind him.
The putty pallor of his bronzed face was al-
ready being replaced by the surge of fighting
blood.

  “All right,” he muttered with a stifled
oath. “Hope you’re satisfied now, Hank.
You see what your blame foolishness over
that Injun has done fer us.”

  “I’m right sorry about that busted laig,”
the Parson returned. “It’s makin’ you sort
o’ peeved, I reckon.” He did not take his
eyes from the Indian band, which had come
to a stand cunningly out of range, and was
conversing with many gesticulations.

  Ward groaned again.

  “You don’t give Injuns credit with bein’
146

Adventure

smart,” he persisted. “After that young buck
got away, they figgered somebody’d maybe
be sent to Fort Sumner fer help, after they’d
been so nervy. When Comancties git that
bold, white men better keep their eyes peeled.
If-”

  “Oh, dry up,” interrupted the Parson
good-naturedly. “I’m busy watchin’ them
redskins.”

  In the distance the attackers were a pic-
ture of grace as they sat on their superb
mounts, their war bonnets waving in the
breeze. Round-muscled, thick-set Indians,
they were, with chests like barrels and shoul-
ders that bulged with hard muscles. Their
heavily greased hair glistened in the sun.
Save in times of war, the Comanche cared
little for ornamental head dress; but these
warriors’ heads were adorned with curving
buffalo horns and eagle feathers. The faces
of some were painted a dull bronze, others
a jet black. Their bodies, naked to their
breech-clouts, were streaked liberally with
vermilion.

  Their horses, likewise, were naked except
for bridles and hair-ropes, the latter loosely
knotted around their barrels, over their with-
ers. The Parson had taken advantage of
the lull to reload his weapon, and now held
it ready for instant use.

  Presently another concerted yell split
the air.

  “Here they come, Joe,” announced the
Parson. “Hold your fire ontil they git right
close. Then let ’em have it.”

  The band charged toward the buffalo
wallow at breakneck speed. Just within
range they turned suddenly and began to
race in a circle, sending in a shower of bul-
lets and arrows from every side.

  The two white men were now treated to a
sight they might have admired under other
circumstances. The Comanche had the
reputation of being the most skilled horse-
man of all the North American Indians.
With incredible dexterity, each savage shoved
his bent right knee into the slack of his
hair-rope, seized the bridle and mane in his
left hand, curled his left heel tightly into his
horse’s left flank and dropped out of sight
on the right side, with only a hand and foot
visible to the besieged men.

  Thus hanging, the racing Comanches fired
their weapons from under the horses’ necks,
the circle gradually drawing in. The two
cowboys were forced to whirl and shoot in
several directions, especially as the attackers

circled behind them. But as was ever the
case with such men, they remained cool un-
der the shower of bullets and arrows, picking
their targets as carefully as though shooting
in a friendly contest. They wasted no lead,
and in less than a minute their well placed
shots had knocked over six horses, leaving
as many Indians writhing on the ground.
The circle broke and the Indians dashed
away toward the river.

  The carcasses of the horses were studded
with arrows. The men reloaded rapidly.

  “You murderin’ coyotes!” shouted Ward,
shaking a bronzed fist at the band, which
had again drawn up just out of range.

  In the heat of the attack he had tempo-
rarily forgotten his wounded leg. The Par-
son laughed aloud, for the first time in
days.

  “Them Injuns done some right good
shoo tin’,” he remarked. “How they kin’
hang by their toe nails an’ handle their guns
an’ bows too, beats me. They must be tol-
erable mad, jest about now, to think they
ain’t been able to kill us yet.”

  The sun was rising higher and blazing
down with pitiless heat. Already, under
pressure of the excitement and strain,
the Parson was conscious of a mounting
thirst. They had no canteens, having ex-
pected to remain close to the river on their
journey. As for Ward, his wounded leg
was sending the thirst of fever through his
veins, parching his tongue and throat with
its insistent demand.

  “I’m awful dry, Hank,” he said. “We
got to git to water, some way.”

  “Not while daylight lasts,” the Parson
said with conviction, “Them redskins won’t
take their ugly eyes off us while they kin see.
It’s a quarter of a mile to the river, Joe.
Too bad. I reckon you’re right thirsty.”
“I reckon I am,” replied Ward with a
groan. “If you hadn’t done like you done
with that young Comanche buck, we
wouldn’t be in this here cussed mess.”

  The Parson was peering over the side of
his horse.	a

  “Blamed if they ain’t cornin’ ag’in!” he
exclaimed. “This time they’ll do their all-
fired durndest.”

  There was no time for further comment.
The racing circle was once more closing in,
and a shower of bullets and arrows were fly-
ing. The bedlam of savage yells would have
struck terror to hearts less stout. By the
time the circle had again been broken the
The Parson and the Injun

147

rifles of both men were empty, and the par-
son was tugging at one of his revolver hol-
sters. Howling their disappointment, the
attackers retreated, and the cowboys wiped
the pouring sweat from their faces with
grimy hands. More Indians lay on the
ground, and several additional horses had
been bowled over, testifying to the expert
marksmanship of the white men.

  The strain was telling on Ward. His face
had gone pallid under the bronze, and he lay
panting, a bad sign. The Parson pulled off
his neckerchief and wiped his companion’s
countenance with it.

  “Nine dead Injuns out there, besides
eight wounded ones,” he said encouragingly.
“An’ a dozen hosses. They can’t stand
much more of it. They wasn’t more’n
fifty to start with.”

  “That’s all,” groaned Ward. “Jest fifty
blood-thirsty Injuns ag’in two white men,
two dead hosses an’ a buffalo waller. I’d
rather fight a million Injuns, though, than
this cussed thirst.”

  “We’ll crawl over to the river after dark,”
the Parson promised. “Jest keep a stiff
upper lip, Joe.”

         MEN of softer fiber would have
■sajjfigsl perished under the fearful assault
of the sun that day. To these
men it was all in a day’s work.
Save for his wounded leg, even the complain-
ing Ward might have shown greater forti-
tude under the strain.

  The Parson’s right arm was covered with
the dried blood of his dead horse, and his
face was a study in filth and perspiration.
Ward was in similar plight. Yet the cur-
rent of life ran strongly within them, despite
their thirst and the fact that they had eaten
nothing since the night before.

  The Parson reached up and unbuckled the
saddle bag of his dead horse, extracting a
slab of raw bacon and a couple of biscuits.

  “It’ll make us thirstier than ever, but we
got to eat,” he remarked, tossing part of the
food to Ward.

  “I don’t want nothin’ to eat,” Ward de-
murred with a curse. “All I want is
water.”

  Weary to the point of exhaustion, they re-
mained in the wallow through the long hours
of the super-heated day. Ward sank into
a kind of stupor, but the Parson remained
watchfully alert. The sun was sinking to-
ward the fringe of western hills before the

Indians again showed signs of activity. In
the meantime they had alighted from their
horses and were squatting on the ground in
a circle, evidently holding a council of war.
A painted figure was in the center of the
circle, gesticulating.

  Long distance sharp shooting heralded the
resumption of the attack. The Indian is
cunning, but not subtle. The Parson roused
Ward with difficulty by shouting in his ear
and shaking him by the shoulder.

  “They’re gittin’ ready to make a charge,”
he said. “It’ll be the last one today, I
reckon. Git your rifle up.”

  Ward struggled wearily to the proper po-
sition. Four abreast the Indians came on
with blood curdling yells. The front rank
began shooting. The beleagured men waited
until the Indians were well within range,
and then fired. Two of the foremost Indians
toppled out of their seats, followed in an in-
stant by the other two. The second rank
suffered a like fate, their horses falling back
on their haunches and plowing up the dust
with their hoofs.

  But it was clear that the Comanches had
determined upon a desperate expedient this
time. The third rank split, apparently by
previous arrangement, and circled in oppo-
site directions. The maneuver was unex-
pected and confusing. The Parson shot one
of the circlers out of his saddle; but before he
could fire again the other three were behind
him, pouring in a shower of arrows with the
speed only a Comanche can show. The Par-
son felt a sharp sting in his left shoulder, and
the pronged point of an arrow protruded
through the muscles. At the same instant
Ward fell forward on his face, an arrow in
his back.

  The Parson whirled, gun at shoulder, and
fired. Something struck him in the breast
with stunning force. He had the impres-
sion of being the center of a rapidly revolv-
ing circle with the two dead horses clinging
blurringly to the edge. He recovered him-
self and squinted through the sights of his
rifle.

  Before him the black, hideously painted
countenance of a savage suddenly ma-
terialized.

  The curving buffalo horns and streaming
eagle feathers of the head dress were awry.
The Indian was not more than fifty feet
away, riding straight toward the muzzle of
the white man’s gun. The Parson’s finger
pressed the trigger even as he saw the arrow
148

Adventure

leave the string of the savage’s bow, and his
ears registered the twang.

  Instinctively he jumped to one side. The
rifle had jammed. With a yell of triumph
the Indian came on, a second arrow already
leaping out of its quiver. It flew straight
for the white man’s breast, but missed its
mark only because the Parson, suddenly
dizzy, fell forward on his face. The arrow
buried itself to the haft in the carcass of the
Parson’s horse.

  In an instant the savage had leaped from
his horse and jerked out his war knife, and
was running swiftly toward the fallen man.
A long leap brought him astride the other’s
motionless body. He seized the Parson’s
long, tangled hair with a fierce grip, jerked
his head cruelly backward and was about to
slash the scalp at the hair roots, when some-
thing gave him pause. He was staring at
the bronzed face of the white man.

  He uttered a guttural exclamation and
sprang to his feet, both hands held high.
The other Comanches had closed in with
the cessation of firing from the buffalo wal-
low, yelling in savage triumph. They
paused at sight of their fellow warrior stand-
ing in the pit, astride the body.

  A profound stillness ensued, broken only
by the guttural voice of the savage in the
buffalo wallow. He talked rapidly, using
many gesticulations. There were some pro-
tests from the other Comanches, some, of
whom had already gained the ground in an-
ticipation of the scalping of the other white
man. But the warrior held them back with
the force of his authoritive eloquence. Slow-
ly they remounted and withdrew.

  The Parson was not entirely unconscious.
As in a dream he had felt the release of the
clutch on his hair, and the thud of his head
as it again struck the ground. The gallop
of retreating hoofbeats was diminishing in
his muffled ears. Followed a quiet space,
during which he found himself wondering,
in a detached sort of way, if the fire in his
breast would ever cool. Then his head was
again lifted; this time with almost womanly
gentleness.

  “Drink,” ordered the guttural voice, in
Spanish this time.

  The cooling water laved the Parson’s
parched throat. In a moment he had re-
vived sufficiently to push the receptacle—
it was his own sombrero—away and point
to the motionless form of Ward. The sav-
age nodded and a moment later Ward, too,

was gulping eagerly. The Parson, his back
supported by the edge of the wallow, looked
down at his breast, and plucked away the
arrow that had pierced it. His senses told
him that it was not a serious wound.

  “The white men will go to the river,” the
Indian was saying. His horse stood a few
yards distant, with ears pricked forward.
There was no sign of the other Comanches.
“Ta-wah-que-nah will return after a time,
with horses for his white brothers. Then
they shall ride safely to the lodge of their
medicine-chief. It is not necessary that
they bring the white warriors of the fort for
the protection of the herds of tame buffalo.
Ta-wah-que-nah, son of Ee-shah-ko-nee, has
said it.”

  He walked awkwardly out of the pit and
sprang upon his horse, in which position he
immediately became a figure of rare grace.
The gallop of hoofbeats died away. The
sun went out of sight behind the hills as the
Parson and Joe Ward limped to the river,
where the latter bathed his wounded leg and
drew in the evening air in great gulps. The
world once more was looking rosy to Ward.
The Parson had plucked the arrow out of
his companion’s back, revealing that it, too,
had made but a flesh wound.

  “It was your young buck,” Ward asserted
presently, lying back with his injured leg
soaking in the current. “I seen that much.
I reckon you’ll claim, now, that an Injun
ain’t such an onappreciative skunk, after
all. Well, it’s the first time I ever
knowed of one. There must be some-
thin’ back of it. Who is Ee-shah-ko-nee,
anyhow?”

  “He’s the chief of the Comanches,” re-
plied the Parson absently. “What makes
me mad is, there wasn’t no need of takin’
this trip to Fort Sumner, judgin’ from what
our young Injun friend says. We’ve put in
a day’s fightin’ fer nothin’. Milt Culpep-
per’s outfit is as safe, now, as if they was all
in church.”

  “Looks that way,” Ward agreed. “We
doggone near committed suicide by separat-
ing ourselves from the outfit, I reckon. The
Injun didn’t know who we was ontil he got a
look at your face.” .

  Daylight faded, and the soft Texas night
came on, ushered in by twinkling stars. The
Pecos murmured sleepily at the feet of the
two cowboys. A coyote howled in the dis-
tance. The ears of the Parson were attuned
to the sound of hoof beats, signaling the
Naval Duelists

149

return of Ta-wah-que-nah. His head was
thrown back and his unkempt hair made a
blur against the still faint glow at the west.
Joe Ward roused himself enough to marvel
audibly.

  “A grateful Injun!” he exclaimed. “First
time I ever knowed one to show gratitude,
’specially a Comanche. How do you figger
it out, Parson?”*

  But the Parson, his eyes on the stars, was
mumbling something incomprehensible to
the untutored ears of his companion. Joe
Ward snorted.

  “That poetry you’re recitin’?”

  “Yes,” replied the parson dreamily. “It’s
what some folks call the Golden Rule.”
“Well, keep right on recitin’ it,” grunted
Joe Ward.

NAVAL DUELISTS

by Eugene

-—ISURPRIZING number of Ameri-
can naval officers have been killed
in “affairs of honor.” Of the
U__J thirty-six lieutenants whose
names appear on the Naval Register in 1801,
two, Stephen Decatur and Henry Vandyke,
and of the 159 midshipmen, three, are
later listed as “killed in a duel.” It was
the day of the code of honor all over the
civilized world. The American Navy, cruis-
ing in Old World ports where the very term
“republic” was a red rag, very often found
it necessary to uphold the dignity of their
young nation in the approved fashion.

  In February, 1803, while the Chesapeake,
New York, John Adams and Enterprise lay
at Malta, some officers went ashore to the
theater one evening. In the lobby was the
secretary of Sir Alexander Ball, the Gover-
nor, a noted duelist. He had come in for
the avowed purpose of “getting a Yankee for
breakfast.” It would seem that he used
discretion in adding to his reputation, for he
carefully selected Midshipman Joseph Bain-
bridge, a sixteen-year-old boy, as victim.
Bainbridge, finding himself roughly jostled
and seeing the secretary walk calmly away
without apology, commented upon the in-
cident to Lieutenant Stephen Decatur.

  Back came the secretary and again jostled
Bainbridge, remarking in a loud voice—
“Those Yankees will never stand the
smell of gunpowder!”

  Bainbridge instantly knocked him down
and as soon as he could get up, the fellow
challenged the boy. Decatur ordered the
midshipman back to the ship and with an
unpleasant smile began arrangement of de-

unningham

tails. As challenged party, the American
made the terms.

  “Now,” said Decatur, “we will go to the
beach at sunrise tomorrow. There we will
place our men back to back and at the word
‘March!’ they shall each march two steps
and then whirl and fire. There shall be
only the one word.”

  “My-, man!” protested the English

second. “That is clear murder!”

  “Your man,” retorted Decatur coolly,
“is an experienced duelist. He has picked
for his victim a young officer with no experi-
ence whatever. By my terms they are
placed on as nearly equal footing as possible.
However, sir, if you don’t wish to fight in
that way, I will take the place of the
midshipman and meet your man at ten
paces.”

  But the secretary preferred to fight a boy.
So Decatur went back to the ship and
brought Bainbridge on deck with a ship-
mate. Back to back he placed them, Bain-
bridge with an empty pistol. At the word
“March!” Bainbridge took two steps,
whirled and clicked his weapon. Through
the whole night Decatur drilled him until
he performed the evolution with mechani-
cal precision and amazing speed.

  At sunrise he was placed back-to-back
with the noted duelist. At the word both
stepped off two paces and whirled. But
the young midshipman, drilled by canny
Decatur, was quickest. He shot the secre-
tary dead. In the circumstances, it was as
much for the honor of the American flag as
if the two participants had commanded
men o’ war.
The Bird o

» Fortune

 23/

Rolf Bennett

Author of “The Sleeping Partner,” “The Cask,” etc.

        IE WERE seated on a bench in the
park, the seafaring man and I,
watching an endless stream of
luxurious motor cars pass by with
their even more luxurious occupants. We
had been sitting there quite a long time
without exchanging a word, when the sea-
faring man suddenly took the pipe from his
mouth and pointed with the stem at the
procession of cars.

  “I once knew a man,” he said, “who could
have bought up the whole gilded bunch.
Yes, sir, cars, fur coats and their wads as
well. Every mother’s son of ’em. In solid
cash—gold.”

  “He must have been very rich,” I sug-
gested.

  “Rich! It wasn’t—it wouldn’t have been

the word. Rich, b’gee! Well-”

  The seafaring man paused, unable seem-
ingly to find an adequate word to express
such vast wealth.

  “Yes,” he went on, “he’d have been the
richest man in the world, I reckon. And it
all depended, so to speak, on a rubber plant,
a pair of pants and a parrot. Well, it’s a
queer story.”

  I pressed him to tell it to me. After
thoughtfully filling his pipe and lighting it,
he smiled sadly and began:

  This here man I’m telling you of was
called Bill Hawkins. William Hawkins on
the ship’s papers, but Bill all the rest of the

time. And you’d never have thought, not
by looking at him, that he’d come so near to
being a multi-millionaire. He was, well,
just or’nary, and his language and manners,
what he had of ’em—about the same.

  Well now, one day Bill lost his ship. I
don’t know what made him late, but when
he got down to the wharf on sailing day,
she’d gone. So there was Bill, high and dry

and with not a penny-piece to keep the-

from dancing in his pocket. Of course he
tried to get a berth on some other ship, but
they’d all signed-on their crews and there
was nothing doing. He tried for other jobs,
but his luck was dead out, as the saying is,
and he slept that night under a shed.

  Next day was just the same. Well, he
was piled up good and proper, Bill was, and
no two ways about it. And then somehow,
maybe honestly and maybe not, Bill got
hold of a rubber plant in a pot which he
thought he might be able to sell for the price
of a dinner.

  So he went around all the streets by
the docks trying to sell this here rubber
plant, but nobody wanted it. Well, he was
just thinking of heaving the blamed thing
through the window of a police station and
getting free board and lodging that way,
when he saw a woman washing down a door-
step.

  “Want to buy a rubber plant?” says he.

  “No.”

"The Bird of Fortune," copyright, 1925, by Rolf Bennett. IS®
The Bird of Fortune

  “It’ll look fine on the parlor table,” says
Bill. “And you can have it for sixpence,”
says he.

  “I ain’t got sixpence to spare,” says the
woman, “but I’ll give you a pair of my
lodger’s old pants for it.”

  “Right,” says Bill, “maybe I can raise a
few pence on the pants. Hand ’em over.”

  Which she did and Bill took them. They
weren’t bad pants neither, but the pattern
made Bill feel dizzy. Checks they were,
with black and white squares the size you
see on a chess-board. Or pretty nearly.
Well, he tried his darndest to sell them
pants, Bill did, but nobody would have
them. Maybe the pattern frightened them,
but there it was and there was Bill, as far
away from a dinner as ever.

  At last a notion struck Bill. You or me’d
have thought of it right at the start, but
Bill was what you might call a bit of a
dreamer. He felt in the pockets. Star-
board pocket, nothing. Port pocket, noth-
ing. Starn pocket, well, he found something
then. And what do you think it was?
Money?

  No, sir. It was a pawn-ticket. A pawn-
ticket showing that a feller called Brown had
put a parrot up the spout for five shillings.

  Now a pawnbroker, thinks Bill, wouldn’t
lend five bob on a parrot unless it was worth
a mighty lot more. And, thinks he, if I take
this here ticket to Moses, maybe he’ll buy
it and then he can sell the parrot right
away.

  So round goes Bill to the shop.

  “Here,” says he, slapping the ticket on
the counter, “I want to sell this. Give me
seven shillings and a tanner, and the parrot’s
yours.”	I

AND then a queer thing hap-
SggSj/jgf pened. I don’t suppose it’s ever
happened before, nor ever will
again. The pawnbroker grabbed
the ticket, dived under the counter and
came up again with a parrot in a cage.

  “Here,” says he, dumping it on the coun-
ter, “you can take this blooming fowl away
—and be slippy about it, too! It’s eating
me out of house and home,” he says. “It’s
not a parrot, it’s an ostrich by its appetite.
I’ll let the five bob go. Now clear out!”

  Well, Bill could have almost cried. He’d
reckoned on raising at least five bob, and all
he’d got was a parrot with an appetite like
an ostrich!

  “Hanged if I wouldn’t wring your neck for
two pins,” says Bill to the parrot. “You’d
make a meal anyway,” he says.

  “Fifty south and forty west,” sings out
the parrot, cocking an eye at Bill.

  “I don’t want none of your back-an-
swers,” says Bill getting rattled. “You
speak when you’re spoke to,” he says, “or
I’ll dump you into the harbor and all.”
“Latitude and longitude, give me the
word,” screams the parrot.

  “If you must talk, then talk sense. What
do you know about latitude and longitude,
you ugly lump of appetite?” says Bill.

  “Fifty south and forty west in fathoms
from the tree,” croaks the bird.

  “If you say that again, I’ll fetch you one
so’s you won’t know east from west,” says
Bill, for he was mighty hungry and in a
nasty temper. “I know what I’ll do with
you,” says he. “I’ll sell you to some other
fool of a sailor man. You ain’t pretty nor
intelligent as far as I can see, but you can
scream and that’s something.”

  Well, he went round the dccks and at last
he sold the parrot to the cook of a coast-
ing boat called the Golden Vanity, for six
shillings. And then, in a manner, his luck
seemed to change, for next day he got a job
unloading cargo from a tramp steamer.
And that’s how the riches came about.”

  I’ll tell you. One day when he was work-
ing the donkey engine, a crane hook caught
in Bill’s pants and as good as ripped them
off him. By good luck, Bill still had the
pants he’d swapped the rubber plant for,
so he put them on and thought no more
about it.

  When dinner time came, he left the ship
and was walking along the docks when he
heard someone shout—

  “Hi, stop!”

  He turned round and there was a man
running after him and waving an umbrella.
Bill waited for the stranger to come up, and
when he did he could hardly speak for want
of breath.

  “What’s your name?” he says at last.
“That’s my business,” Bill tells him.
“What’s yours?”

  “Brown,” answers the stranger.

  “Why,” gasps Bill, “then you’re the man
who pawned the parrot!”

  “And you’re the man,” says the other,
“who took him out. What I want to know
is—where’s that parrot?”

  “There’s lots of things you won’t know,”
152

Adventure

says Bill getting nasty, “and that’s one of
them.”

  “Now see here,” pipes up Mr. Brown,
“there’s no need to take offense. No need
at all,” says he. “But I’ll give you half-a-
crown to know where that parrot is.”

  “Pass it across, mate,” Bill tells him.
Which he did. And when Bill had count-
ed the money and put it in his pocket, he
tells how he’d sold the parrot to the cook
of the Golden Vanity.

  “Sold it! Great snakes, you sold it!”
shouts the man. “Where is this ship, this
sea-cook?” And he starts to dance up and
down as if his feet were burning.

  “I don’t know where she is now,” Bill
tells him. “The Golden Vanity left port two
days ago.”

  “Well, the other fellow he turns as white
as a ghost and lets out a yell. And then he
clapped both hands to his head and groaned
like a man with a toothache on both sides.

  “Was it a very valuable bird?” asks Bill,
thinking that maybe he’d let it go too cheap.

  “Valuable!” yells the other. “Why, that
bird’s worth millions! He’s worth his weight
in gold a hundred times over and then some
more!”

  “I wouldn’t have thought it,” says Bill.
“I’ve never seen a more or’nary looking bird
for a parrot. He couldn’t even talk sense.
And if you say he’s worth a million, why,
then I say you’re the biggest liar between
here and Hong-Kong.”

  “All right,” answers the stranger, “we’ll
settle that afterward, but now you listen to
me, you gummy-backed, perishin’ fathead,”
says he. “That parrot was descended, in
a manner of speaking, from Captain Kidd
through my great-great grandfather. That
parrot knows where the pirate’s treasure is
hid! Yes, sir, and modestly speaking that
treasure must be worth millions in gold.
Got that?”

  “I don’t understand it at all,” says Bill.
“It gets right past me,” he says.

“NOW I’ll tell you,” says this
Mr. Brown. “My great-great
grandfather was one of Captain
Kidd’s pirate crew. He lived to
be ninety and was the only man alive who
knew where the Captain had buried all his
treasure. And before he died, he told the
secret to his son and made him swear he’d
never write it down for fear some one might
find it.

  “And so it went on, from father to son,
each one swearing never to write the secret
down. There was a sort of fate about it,
too, because not one of ’em ever succeeded
in getting to the place where it was hid,
either because they hadn’t enough money,
or because they were married, or because
they thought they’d be happier without it.
At last it came to my father’s turn. He was
given, the secret and took the oath like the
others had done.

  “Now my father had a mighty bad memo-
ry and for months he worried himself night
and day in case he should forget the bearings
of Captain Kidd’s treasure. But at last he
hit on a plan, and this was it:

  “He bought a parrot. And he taught
this parrot the things he wanted to remem-
ber and was afraid he’d forget. But, mark
you, he wasn’t going to have that bird
screaming out the secret to every one who
listened. No, sir. He taught the bird not
to say the bearings unless a certain word
was spoken to him. The directions how
far to dig south and west of a tree, yes. But
the latitude and longitude, no, not unless the
word was given. He took a lot of trouble
with that bird, my father did, and it kept
him happy in his old age.

  “Of course he meant to give the word to
me before he died. But the old chap was
a long liver and he might be here now if he
hadn’t got mixed up in a railroad accident.
I wasn’t with him at the time, and so he
died without passing on the word.”

  “It’s a rum story,” says Bill when the
stranger looked as if he’d stopped talking.
“But if the word’s lost, what’s the good of
the parrot?”

  “Wait a bit,” says this Mr. Brown. “You
want to go too mighty fast,” says he. “I
was in lodgings when the parrot was handed
over to me, and I was scared to death that
some one would open his cage and let him
escape while I wasn’t there. And so I de-
cided to pawn him, for that seemed the
safest place for him while I searched through
the old man’s papers to try and find the
secret word. And then, one day while I
was out, the blamed fool of a landlady gave
you my pants with the ticket in them. Yes,
sir, and that very evening I found the word.”
“And what was it?” asks Bill.

  “That’s as maybe,” says the stranger.
“But I tell you what I’ll do,” says he, “if
you get that parrot back for me, you shall
go halves in the treasure when we find it.”
The Bird of Fortune

153

  “That sounds pretty good,” says Bill.
“Now I’ll tell you,” says he, “the Golden
Vanity was bound for Dover and she ought
to be there in another two or three
days. If we go there by train and
board her directly she comes in, I dare
say I could persuade the cook to sell the
bird back to us.”

  “Good for you,” says this here Mr. Brown.
“We’ll go today and not take any risks,”
says he.

  So off they went to Dover; and Bill
couldn’t think of nothing but the treasure
and what he’d do with all the money when
he got it. When they got to Dover they
found the Golden Vanity had been delayed
by bad weather and nobody couldn’t say
when she’d come in. So they waited and
waited and at last she was sighted making
for the harbor.

  “My,” says Bill, “she’s had a proper ham-
mering. She has that. Her bowsprit’s
broken and so is her fore top-mast. She’s
seen weather, she has.”

  Well, as soon as she’d made fast to a buoy
in the harbor the crew started to come
ashore in one of the boats. And a pretty
battered and half-starved looking bunch
they were, take my word for it. For the
Golden Vanity had only been provisioned
for a week, and she’d taken nearly fifteen
days to do the trip. A madder set of men

you wouldn’t have found from Moray Firth
to the Clyde by way of the Channel.

  Bill and his partner went down to the
quay and as soon as Bill saw the cook, he
grabbed him.

  “Look here,” says he, “I want that parrot
back. And I’ll pay you what you gave me
for it.”

  “What parrot?” says the cook, for, as
I’ve told you, they were half-crazy with
the sufferings they’d gone through. “What
blinkin’ parrot, mate?” says he.

  “Why, the one I sold you, the one you
gave me six bob for,” answers Bill.

  “And a darned poor six bob’s ^jjprth at
that,” says the cook. “When we • ere that
hungry we couldn’t stand it no longer, me
and the bosun tossed for who should eat the
parrot and a mighty poor meal he made.
All skin, bone and feathers,” says he.

“AND that,” remarked the sea-
faring man rising to ] his feet,
“was the end of the parrot and
likewise of Bill’s hopes to be-
come a millionaire. But he did come
mighty near it.”

  “Tell me,” I said. “You’re Bill, aren’t
you?”

  The seafaring man shook his head sadly.

  “No,” he said, “no, I’m not Bill. I’m the
man who ate the parrot.”
^ a I HIS is Slim Evans speaking; yes,

   I First Lieutenant Slim Evans, of
the Army Air Service. If I’ve
got the wrong number, you can
ring off any time. But bear in mind that
although I’m still broadcasting from Mc-
Mullen, Texas, I’m not the man you used
to know.

  The raggedy flyer who always was just
two jumps ahead of the sheriff, financially
speaking, has been displaced by a bloated
plutocrat. An oil maggot, so to speak. I
will always be only a step or two ahead of
the law, I presume, in a moral manner of
speaking, but at present I have no debts to
overtake me, and the jailhouse will only get
me on matters like attempted manslaughter
or such diversions. By this time I presume
you know me well enough to vouch for that
yourself.

  Anyway, it was a Saturday morning in
the fall of the year, and I had just dis-
mounted from my trusty airplane after
having landed on the McMullen airdrome
in a series of graceful leaps and bounds.
For the benefit of any strangers who may be
listening in and who may get a mental
picture of a handsome clothes model alight-
ing dignifiedly from his airplane, flicking a
speck of dust from his highly polished boots
and straightening his hundred-dollar uni-
form before he pushes up his goggles on his
leather helmet and lights a monogrammed

154

cigaret, I will endeavor to plant my astral
eye ten feet away and watch myself get-
ting out.

  Behold the border patrolman who had
just finished the early morning beat along
the Rio Grande to Laredo. A tall, thin
roughneck—by tall I mean several inches
over six feet, and by thin I mean so little
flesh that a pimple would make this flyer
seem lopsided—crawls wearily from his cock-
pit. It being a very hot day, he is arrayed
in breeches and boots, but above them
nothing but an undershirt. This article of
apparel, like his face, is spattered with oil.
He wears no helmet, but has pushed his
goggles up on tangled, windblown brown
hair which is likewise somewhat greasy.
On each side of the biggest nose ever seen
short of an elephant there are two wild
looking eyes, wild looking because they are
surrounded with white circles where the
goggles have protected them from the oil-
throwing Liberty motor. This flyer starts
plowing wearily across the sunbaked field
on large, substantial, flat feet, followed
by his observer, the Honorable George
Hickman.

  Well, enough of that. That’s me, any-
way. The main point is that as soon as I
reached headquarters Pop ’Cravath, our
baldheaded and excitable adjutant, flipped
a telegram to me.

  “Wire for you, Slim,” he told me, so I

Wells,Wells,

ACompIete Novelette
by

Thomson Buriis

 Author of “Slim Grabs Some Grease,” “Marston and Me,” etc.
Wells, Wells, Wells!

155

tabled all unfinished business and opened
the same.

  It was short, sweet and pregnant with
possible meanings. It was from Hastings,
Texas, and it read as follows:

  If humanly possible get here today. Vitally
important.	Malcolm Cary.

  A premonition of evil swept over me. If
I recall it correctly, a premonition always
sweeps, doesn’t it? Anyway, I had a full-
grown premonition and it behaved as all of
the critters do.

  Seriously speaking, I felt sort of tough
about what that telegram might mean.
That oil deal of Malcolm’s and mine in
Hastings always had seemed too good to be
true, somehow, even if I had got twenty
thousand bucks out of it already. Old
Adam Burney was too slippery a propo-
sition, for one thing, and— But I’m getting
ahead of myself and tying myself in a knot.

  I lost no more time than necessary. I
can’t pick up my feet and lay ’em down
again as easily as a man who only wears a
nine or a ten can. But I made a bee-line for
the C. O.’s office, and in a few seconds I had
let him read the telegram and was asking
permission to make a week-end cross coun-
try trip to the booming oil town of Hastings.

  Stocky little Cap Kannard grunted rau-
cously, grinned behind his cigaret, and
bowed.

  “Go ahead,” he chuckled. “Ah me! The
cares of wealth! Don’t forget you’re due to
sling another party soon, either.”

  I	had given a slight soiree after getting
my first winnings from Hastings, and that
episode will always remain green in the
memory of McMullenites. So I said—

  “Any time you feel like giving the flight
a couple of days off—twenty-four hours to
reach a crisis and twenty-four to taper off—
let me know. And thanks.”

  An hour later, my shabby but efficient
De Haviland gassed and oiled and my own
person washed, polished and highly per-
fumed, I was roaring along on my way to
Hastings, across far-sweeping mesquite that
seemed as though it never would end. It
was a hundred and fifty miles, or a little
more, and most of the trip was over that
desert of chaparral. It was a course to make
a pilot glue his good eye on his instruments.

  While the trusty bomber is galloping
along at a hundred miles or so an hour,
northeastward to the oilfield, I may as well

take your mind off the trip by letting you
on the inside of what I thought that tele-
gram might perhaps maybe possibly mean.

II

,JgQ|g|gp MAYBE you remember Malcolm
Cary. He’s an old friend of
: jgjbiljgp mine. Anyway, when I met him
^ owned a little mine back of
El Paso surrounded by hills. He had a lot
of border bums working for him and was
having a hard time to keep his head above
water. Sleepy Spears, one of the McMullen
flyers, and I dropped in one week-end just
in time to help him out of a lot of trouble
with his men. Just luck—we bulled around
awkwardly and happened to bump up
against the right solution of the whole
shindig.

  Malcolm was pretty grateful, particu-
larly after a representative of some big
Eastern firm dropped up to Hightown one
day and bought the whole mine for fifty
thousand bucks in cash money. Malcolm
felt that he’d have been bumped off or gone
into bankruptcy if it hadn’t have happened
that Sleepy and I helped him out, and I
guess he was right.

  A bit later Malcolm heard from a friend
of his in Hastings, latest and greatest of the
Texas oilpools. A wildcat well was going
down several miles south of Hastings, some
distance from where the pool was located,
and in territory which was supposed to be
dry of oil. However, the expert oil man
who was drilling figured there was a chance
the pool might extend that far.

  This friend of Malcolm’s, named Iligh-
heels Blake, was in a position to get inside
information on how the formation was show-
ing up as the well went down, and also to
get a sample of the core when they took it.
The core is simply a sample of sand which
they take when down to the proper depth,
and by chemical analysis—sometimes by
even smelling it—one can tell whether
there’s oil there or not. Not how much,
of course, but whether the well is going to
be absolutely dry or not. Blake suggested
that if his information showed that buying
acreage around that well looked like a good
investment, Malcolm use his money to do it
and that they split fifty fifty.

  It was a good proposition for this reason.
Old man Howard, a rich, crusty old ex-cat-
tleman of Houston owned over five hundred
156

Adventure

acres around that well—practically had it
surrounded—and he held his acreage at a
prohibitive price. Prohibitive until the well
came in, if ever. Around a hundred and
fifty an acre. It would have been madness
for any man to gamble that much until he
was-certain there was oil there. Con-
sequently, there were no buyers, but that
wildcat well, called Blake Number i, was
watched with much interest.

  Malcolm, feeling that he owed Sleepy
and me something, made this offer, and we
snapped it up pronto: If Blake said go
ahead and buy, he’d invest five thousand
apiece for Sleepy and me in sections of
that acreage, taking the rest himself.

  If we made money, we paid it back out of
our profits. If Blake Number i, after look-
ing good enough to justify buying, fliwered
and we lost that jack, Sleepy and I were to
pay the five thousand back at the rate of
fifty a month per each out of our salary.
This arrangement took the proposition
down to a mere friendly loan, and conse-
sequently we didn’t feel like beggars or
objects of charity.

  Sleepy was on leave, so Cary and I
went down there to Hastings and, finally,
we grabbed off that Howard acreage after
fighting everybody in Hastings for it. Every
lease-hound and big company man, scared to
pay that amount for acreage before almost
knowing there was oil there, was snooping
around trying to get dope by hook or crook.

  The most powerful of them was old
Adam Burney, a multimillionaire oil gam-
bler who’d made the Hastings field and
made himself a fortune doing it. He had
Hastings in the hollow of his hand, from the
sheriff right on down through, and he tried
to beat us by every method known to man,
crooked and straight. He was scared of
Malcolm, because Malcolm’s a big, drawling
Texan who’s well known around the border
as a two-fisted fighter who’s bad to fool
with.

  Burney went so far as to frame Malcolm
and get him out of the way in jail so that
Burney would have a free hand. But finally
I got the dope on the well, and the end of
it was that I used my airplane to beat
Burney’s right hand man into Houston to
grab the acreage. Burney’s man used an
airplane, too—a civilian passenger-carrying
ship run by a fellow named Malley.

  Well, then we were in possession of five
hundred acres offset from Blake Number x,

which was flowing two thousand barrels
a day. And Burney seemed to hold no
grudge against us—as is the way of the
oilfields, all is fair in a race for acreage, and
when a man’s beaten he takes it philosoph-
ically.

  And then Burney came along with the
best offer for our acreage—better than we
had from the big company men who wanted
to buy. Burney wanted to do what he had
done before on acreage around Hastings—
gamble big, and win more.

  He paid us three hundred thousand dol-
lars for the Howard acreage, and in addi-
tion to this price, we were to share, half and

half with him, on all net profit made above
this amount. His method was to sink wells
on his own capital all around the tract, and
after proving how much oil there was under
it, sell out.

  It’s a good scheme if you hit. It’s one
thing to say that five hundred acres next to
a paying well has probably got oil under it—
and another thing to actually have a few
paying wells on it in different places. The
big companies are always willing to pay
more in proportion for proved acreage than
for acreage which is merely offset from pay
territory. A pool has got to end some-
where—sometimes there’ll be a gusher on
one tract, and a dry hole not two hundred
yards away from it.

  This scheme made us almost partners of
Burney, and it was strengthened by the
fact that he had such an admiration for
Malcolm Cary and Upton, who had drilled

  MAIN POOL
  WORTH OF TOWN

             HASTINGS

                              DRY MOLE

                                      13!

        DRV HOLE

                          S WELLS

                             Burney-howard
                             acreage. -
                             Joo ACRESg)
Wells, Wells, "Wells!

157

Blake Number 1, that he made Malcolm
general manager of the company to exploit
the Howard acreage and put Upton in
charge of all field operations.

YOU see where this left us—
in partnership with one of the
most powerful, unscrupulous,
and crooked oil kings in the mid-
continent field. But we felt that it was the
right thing to do for two reasons: One, he’d
made the best offer, from a financial view-
point, and we stood to make a lot more
money by stringing along with him. Sec-
ondly, brethren, we had suspended over
him by a hair a large and heavy rock which
we could bring tumbling down on his grace-
less gray head at any moment to crush him
if he tried any of the well-known Burney
bludgeoning on us.

  In attempting to put us out of com-
petition for the Howard acreage he’d been
crooked as a corkscrew, as I’ve said, even
going to the length of planting some dope
in my ship, having the sheriff find it, and
trying to put us both away for peddling
narcotics.

  He could get away with stuff like that, as
I’ve said, because he’d made Hastings and
ran it right down to the ground. But in
beating the old scoundrel we’d found out a
lot about him, through confessions of some
of his underlings, and we felt that any time
he tried to New York us he’d remember that
all we had to do was open our mouths and
break forth into a rash of speech—and then
old Adam Burney would find himself looking
at the world from the wrong side of chastely
beautiful bars. So we took a chance.

BUT somehow or other, after I
got that wire from Cary, I felt
uneasy. No telling what funny
dodge Burney might have worked
out to beat us out of our shares of a tremen-
dous deal. My share wasn’t big, of course.
My borrowed five thousand made me a
partner in a little less than fifty acres of
the whole tract. But if I’m beat out of so
much as a nickel I’ll squeal so loud that
people think there’s an abattoir starting
somewhere in town.

  And I figured that somehow Burney must
have worked out a scheme to high-hat
Malcolm and me without getting in trouble
himself. Whenever Malcolm calls on me,
I’ve found out from bitter experience there

is trouble in the offing. Did I say “bitter
experience?” That’s a misnomer. No ex-
perience which has elements of excitement
can be called bitter. Why try to kid you
and myself? Trouble is one of the priceless
sectors of this monotonous existence. It
helps to kill time, as some bright English-
woman once announced, for those that pre-
fer it dead.

Ill

IF YOU have survived all this hot
air I’ve been spilling, gaze down
on Hastings as I spiraled down
above it. It made me catch my
breath every time I saw it from the air.
Northward from the surging, crowded, hys-
terical boom town itself stretched a forest of
derricks. The whole field was a gaunt, un-
beautiful, oil-soaked wilderness—even the
few mesquite trees drooped blackly, smeared
with oil.

  Thousands of men were working under
the hot sun, and the crude roads which
crisscrossed the territory were alive with
every type of vehicle. The pipelines grid-
ironed the whole tract, and the cone-
shaped, unpainted derricks stretched starkly
toward the sky.

  I’ll quit describing here. I’ve run out of
words, not being a cross-word puzzle fan.
Take one look at a used-to-be country vil-
lage which has been augmented by crude
shacks, tents and booths until every inch of
space between and around the permanent
buildings has been used up, and the streets
of which are literally packed with a seeth-
ing, excited, money-mad mob of crooks,
roughnecks, lease-hounds, drillers and big
company men and you have the panorama.

  From a panorama it may be a sleeper
jump to ex-corporal Malley, but as soon as
I turned my eyes from the field itself and
gazed down at the pasture lot which Malley
had made into a flying field for his little
ninety-horse-power Jenny I spotted the
corporal. He was accompanied by only
one man, and they were lying in the shade
of the superannuated plane.

  I had landed at that field twice before, of
course, but this was special. Because I
hadn’t seen Malley since the night when my
De Haviland and I beat this Jenny and
Burney’s man into Houston by very strong
methods. Since Malcolm and I had been
fought with every known brand of fire and
brimstone, we’d used a bit of the same
158

Adventure

in making certain that we were first into
Houston. I figured that maybe Malley
might have something to say about it.

  He did. Plenty of bad news, Caballeros.
A great sufficiency.

  I dropped my big ton-and-a-half De Havi-
land across the fence, found out that I was
going entirely too fast, and fishtailed it with
the rudder so hard that it was traveling
sideways like a trotting dog most of the way
across the field.

  I finally set her down on three points, but
the motor was idling too fast and she went
like blazes. I cut the switches and did a
ground loop, which is simply a fast turn on
the ground and, after dipping my right
wing-skid into the ground, I finally brought
up safely, covered with dust and filled with
disgust.

  I caught the motor while the prop was
still turning, thus automatically cranking it,
and taxied her around parallel with Mal-
ley’s oil-spattered, saggy-wired, discouraged
looking crate.

  I had no sooner run out the gas and
brought the twelve-cylinder Liberty to a
well-earned rest than Malley hove along-
side, accompanied by a stout, bloated, un-
shaven man dressed in a white shirt, baggy
black trousers, and a sailor straw hat which
was much the worse for wear. He hadn’t
shaved, apparently, since the year of the
big fog, and his whole appearance was that
of a man who had tried to drown himself in a
sea of alcohol and had lost his nerve just be-
fore he finished the job.

  “Well, this is a surprize—a really delight-
ful surprize,” said ex-corporal Malley.
There was a smite on his triangular face,
somewhat resembling the charming grin of a
cat as it takes another bat at a crippled
mouse.

  “It’s mutual,” I told him as I offered him
a selection of crushed cigarets.

  Malley had been a corporal in the Air
Service during the war, and when I first lit
in Hastings with a loud thump he’d called
my name, although I didn’t know him. He
was trying to make a go of carrying pas-
sengers in Hastings, but it was no go, be-
cause he was a rotten flyer in the first place
and had a rotten—literally speaking—out-
fit in the second. He always looked sloppy
and dirty and ill-cared-for, and his ship took
after him. His face was rather peculiar—
his forehead was very high and broad, and
his cheekbones high. From there on down

his face fell away in three directions: from]
each side, and from the front backward .j
His chin ended in a point, and it receded1
like an ocean when the tide’s going out. His
skin was dark from a combination of the
sun and dirt. He looked so unwashed that
I had the feeling that if he’d actually scrub
himself hard he’d probably come to another
pair of socks or something.

“MEET Mr. Graham,” Malley
went on, and it seemed as though
he was trying to put deep signifi-
cance into every word.

  “Glad to know you,” I told the other man.

  Then, remembering the name, I took the
bull by the horns and went on.

  “Aren’t you the fellow who was Malley’s
passenger when we had that little race into
Houston a couple of months back? For the
Howard acreage, I mean?”

  “Yeah. And you guys shot the prop
right off’n my ship, flyin’ at night and all?”
Malley started vindictively.

  “Sure we did. But we didn’t shoot you,
and there were good fields underneath and
a bright moon,” I told him.

  Meanwhile I was looking at the drink-
sodden Graham in utter amazement. It
didn’t seem possible that this could be
Burney’s right hand man; the messenger he
had sent to close a big deal for him, and the
man who was reputed to personally handle
Burney’s largest deals for him.

  “Well, that there’s gonna be an expensive
little trip fur you, Lieutenant!” stated Mal-
ley, his small eyes wavering from my face.

  “Why?” I snapped him up. “Cary paid
you for your prop, didn’t he?”

  “Sure. But that’s got nothing to do with
it,” Malley told me.

  Graham stood there without saying a
word, his incongruous straw hat propped
down over his eyes. Malley occasionally
stole a look at him, as though for approval
and a fresh store of courage.

  “Why hasn’t it?” I demanded.

  “Because there’s a lot more cornin’ to us
than the price of a prop!”

  “Why ‘us?’ ” I enquired, with a glance
at Graham.

  “Never you mind,” said Malley in some
confusion. Apparently he’d slipped a cog
in including Graham. “But you’re a rich
man now, you damaged me far more’n a
propeller means, and it’s gonna cost yuh
just twenty five thousand bucks?!”
Wells, Wells, Wells ^

159

  Just like that.

  I did three mental tailspins, and my back
hair waved gently with surprize. Then I
gathered myself together, collected what
few spare thoughts I had laying around, and
finally cranked up my tongue and went into
high.

  “Listen,” I commanded the greasy cor-
poral, trying to hold his attention with a
keen and glittering eye, “so you’re up to
blackmail, eh? Well, remember this. I
don’t know just how deeply you were con-
cerned in the plot Burney hatched against
Malcolm Cary and I. And I don’t give a
-. Despite the fact that we’re part-
ners, in a manner of speaking, of Burney’s
now, at that time we were competitors, and
he fought crookedly.

  “By crooked work on his part you and
Graham were miles ahead of us, to start, on
that race for Houston, and when we shot
you down out of the air we were fighting
fire with fire, and you know it. So pipe
down, Malley, get your feet on the ground,
and for-’s sake don’t talk like an ama-
teur thug!”

  “Is that so?” sneered the unwashed, un-
shaven and unshorn Graham, speaking in
a husky voice. “Pretty sure of yoreself,
ain’t yuh?”

 “You’re-right I am!”

  Here the weasel-like Malley seemed to
find new concrete to pour into his back-
bone, so to speak, and started to get nasty
forthwith.

  “It certainly was providential, you drop-
pin’ in this way,” he told me unpleasantly.
“Layin’ aside any arguments you may have,
the cold fact is this. You ain’t got no proof
I was in with Burney at all. As a matter of
fact, I wasn’t. I was just a hired chauffeur
tuh carry Graham here tuh Houston in my
own ship. You come along and shoot me
down out o’ the air at night, damagin’ my
property, endangerin’ my life and my pas-
sengers, and so on. And if you think I can’t

make it-good an’ hot fur you, both in

and out o’ the army, and make yuh dance
until twenty-five thousand’ll seem like a
cent dropped in a well, you’re badly mis-
taken.

  “I’ll sue yuh fur every brand o’ damages
a smart lawyer can think of, and I’ll put you
up fur court-martial in the army, and I’ll
plaster somethin’ on your property tuh
make it a cinch I can collect, and in general
have you hoppin’ around like a hen on a

hot griddle with the sure prospect o’ payin’
through the nose at the end!”

  Well, fellow worms, there were consider-
able sectors of sense in his brief remarks.
The creed of the oil fields, unwritten but
nevertheless widely lived up to, is to take
your medicine and say nothing. But if
Malley wanted to be nasty there was no
proof that I knew of that he was anything
but a hired man for that trip.

  True enough, he had guarded my ship for
me when Burney’s representative had
planted the dope in it, but that worthy had
distinctly stated that Malley was not in the
plot at all. It all came down to the point
that Malley could make it-uncomfort-
able for me. Malcolm had paid him five
hundred dollars in cash for his propeller and
inconvenience, which was five times what
the damage was worth—but that item about
endangering his life and property would go
big with a jury, especially inasmuch as I
was reputed wealthy.

  Finally I said—

  “Is this twenty-five thousand supposed
to come from me personally, or from Cary,
Upton and I as a combination?”

  “From the three of yuh, or any way yuh
want to work it.”

  I stood and looked at him for a moment,
and then at his unsavory and mysterious
companion. Mysterious because of his be-
ing here, and his condition. It was incon-
gruous to see the mythical Graham, doer of
big things for the oil king of the midcon-
tinent field, fraternizing with Malley as it
would have been to see John D. Rockefeller
roughnecking on one of his own wells.

  There was an item that made my gorge
rise slowly, and which knocked out of me
any sympathetic ideas I may have had.
Things having turned out as they had, we
didn’t owe Malley a cent, ethically speaking.
We’d paid him four hundred, net, for
making an easy forced landing.

  But I might have fallen for a few dollars
to him if it had not been for the fact that
both of ’em were so plainly trying to get
away with something in the blackmail line,
and they were very unprepossessing in
their manner of demanding it. Right away
I froze up on ’em, and the whole business
gave me a faint sensation of nausea. So I
broke into fairly forthright speech.

  “As a matter of fact, my net profit so far
on my little bit of a slice of acreage is only
fifteen thousand dollars. But if it was
160	Adventure

fifteen million I’m not falling for blackmail-
ing from a couple of weasels like you two.

“I don’t know where you come in on this,
Graham, or why, but I’m telling you both

this: You can sue and do your-est, both

of you. You can drag me into court and
make me hire a lawyer and all the rest of it,
but I’ll spend all I’ve got to save myself
from paying a nickel to a pair of dirty black-
mailers. And when the case finally gets up
to the judge he’ll probably consider the fact
that both of you were working for a man
that’d used illegal methods against us—
and if necessary that same man’ll proba-
bly testify to that same effect. So go ahead
and be-to you!”

  Whereupon I left ’em flat, and went over
to the ship to unwire my suitcase, which
was parked on one wing, close to the fuse-
lage. I heard no words, acrimonious or
otherwise, emanating from my two antago-
nists.

AS I was working on the wires I
heard the sound of an automo-
bile motor, and looked around to
discover Malcolm Cary and his
new fiancee in his new car. I expected that.
Malley and Graham retired into the back-
ground and watched, like a couple of buz-
zards, while Malcolm brought his shiny blue
eight-cylinder wagon to a stop right along-
side the D.H.

  I dragged the suitcase over while answer-
ing various and sundry greetings from both
of them. Cary was one of those huge,
gentle, drawling Texans who act and talk
like lambs, and turn into human tornadoes
at the slightest provocation, or none what-
ever.

  He weighed over two hundred, and looked
a bit fat until one discovered that his flesh
was hard as a rock. His full-moon face
ordinarily beamed comfortably at the whole
wide world. When he got mad one huge
paw would stroke his thin brown hair slow-
ly, and his gray eyes would grow smaller as
the flesh gathered around them. His whole
face would sort of tighten at times like that.

  As for his bride-to-be—she was a breath-
taking damsel whom we had both met soon
after our arrival in Hastings, owing to the
fact that we bunked at her mother’s house.
She was as small as Malcolm was large.
They looked like the mountain and the
mouse together. He could have worn her
set in a signet ring. She was bobbed-haired

and big-eyed, and possessed that rare qual-
ity in women—frank, straightforward, un-
affected sincerity. She never acted coy,
or anything else which she wasn’t. When
she was pleased she showed it, and when she
liked a man she didn’t try to hide it. I will
be frank and state here and now that when
I began to know her at first she caused my
heart to do several skips, some cavortings
and a flutter or two.

  “To what do we owe the honor of this
visit, Slim?” drawled Malcolm as he lighted
a homemade cigaret before starting.

  “Don’t kid me,” I admonished him.
“What’s up?”

  “Why, nothing particular,” he said in
some surprize. “You knew that the third
corner well had come in for only five hun-
dred barrels, and the fourth one and the
one in the middle ain’t down tuh the sand

yet-”

  “Sure. But then why the wire?”

  “What wire?” he queried, turning in the
front seat to gaze into my open optics.

  “The wire you sent me! Saying to come
right over—important, and all that stuff

  “Slim, I didn’t send yuh any wire what-
ever! Sugar, have I been in my right
mind?”

  Mary—her name was Mary Baker—slid
her hand over on his big paw, smiled, and
then looked at me with a slight shadow in
her eyes. Evidently she sensed a new
complication—and well she knew what some
complications in the oil fields meant.

  I took a few seconds to digest his state-
ment, and then I told him, word for word,
what the wire had said. I couldn’t be mis-
taken, of course. It had been sent from
Hastings, and it was signed Malcolm Cary.
Then, without pause, I narrated my inter-
view with Malley and Graham.

  “Do you suppose they sent that wire, just
to get me here?” I asked oratorically as we
crawled over the rutty road toward town.
“I can’t believe it. With you and Upton
on the ground they wouldn’t have wired me,
but would have started off on you. By the
way, where does Graham fit in?”

  “Burney fired ’im,” Malcolm said suc-
cinctly. Looking at him from a southwest
angle, I could see that fleshy face of his
tightening. He scented trouble.

  “After Burney took me and Upton on,
Graham got kind o’ sore, pulled a couple o’
bones, then got drunk one night an’ he an’
Wells, Wells, Wells!

161

the old man went tuh the mat and Graham
got fired. Since then he’s been conductin’
a contest all his own tuh see whether he can
drink up booze faster’n the stills can make
it, and he’s been gainin’, I hear.”

  We rode silently a while, both trying to
figure things out. It seemed a funny situ-
ation. Seemed as though Malley or Gra-
ham must have sent that wire—and yet, for
what possible reason? They could have
started on the other two men, and a wire
signed with Cary’s name seemed a crazy
subterfuge.

  Mary said nothing, but seemed to sort of
curl up in the front seat, close to Malcolm as
though she was comforted by his presence.
She’d been in on the somewhat lurid events
indigenous to the procurement of the How-
ard acreage, and I guess she was somewhat
worried about her brand-new and unused
fiance.

  Finally Malcolm broke the silence, and
his words, as usual under conditions of that
sort, were unusually gentle and spaced at
even wider intervals than usual. From one
word to another was a toll call.

“SOMETHIN’S up somewhere,
and I ain’t shore Burney ain’t at
the bottom of it,” he said.

. “There’s some-good rea-
son on somebody’s part for callin’ yuh heuh,
but what it can be I don’t know, with me
and Upton on the ground and you holdin’
only a small share. But Burney’s been
actin’ real worried and peculiar like,
Slim.

  “I ain’t sorry yo’re here. You seem tuh
be one o’ those birds that thrive on trouble,
so far’s I can see, and now that yo’re here I
aim tuh have a showdown an’ see what them
hints the old man’s been th^owin’ out mean.
We’ll likewise interview the telegraph oper-
ators an’ see who sent that there billet doux
and in general try tuh see where we stand.

Blackmail from one side, and-knows

what from the other.

  “However,” he concluded, “If yuh play
with snakes yo’re bound tuh get bit, I
reckon.”

  Which was what I was thinking. Through
force of necessity we were hooked up, one
way or another, with a crooked gang. Or
a gang that had been crooked and probably
would be again. It was our own funeral,
but it left kind of a bad taste in my mouth.

  You may say we had no business getting

   11

mixed up with ’em. Well, business is busi-
ness, and what they’d done in the past or
would do again was none of our business as
long as our private affairs were run straight.
Maybe you’d give up a bunch of jack rather
than string with a man like Burney. Not me.

  But then, what’s the use of talking about
it. That’s the way things sat. I’m no dea-
con in the Baptist Church and no model
for little Lord Fauntleroy at the best, and I

don’t give a-what you think about it

one way or the other.

IV

IT SEEMED to me, as we
crawled down that thronged main
street, that Hastings was even
more crowded than it had been
before, if that was possible. We’d come to
Hastings when it seemed that the town was
on the crest of the wave, and then our new
pool, south of town, had opened up like
magic.

  Trading had been slowing down on the
pool north of town, because the big com-
panies had practically tied it up, and all
outlying acreage had finally reached just
about its top price. But our purchase of the
Howard tract, with three producing wells
already flowing down there, had stimulated
the madness anew.

  Just picture a rutted, wide main street
practically solid with cars, trucks, wagons,
even an ox team or two; sidewalks packed
with humanity of every kind and descrip-
tion, but a majority leaning toward the
typical oil specimen; street lined with
stores, saloons, gambling and dance halls,
and everybody as nervous as a man invited
to make himself comfortable in the electric
chair.

  Flaunting signs indicated the locations of
lease exchanges, and every ten feet some-
body was trying to sell acreage, which they’d
probably just leased, to somebody else at a
higher price. Big company well-scouts and
land men held court here and there, acting
bored as they talked in the hundreds of
thousands.

  Prostitutes, rough-necks lease-hounds,
hijackers, pickpockets, brokers—every type
was represented. Every store had its doors
wide open, and every one was packed.
Temporary booths selling everything from
hot dogs to lemonade had customers lined
up four deep in front.
Adventure

  It was an overstimulated, overwrought,
abnormal scene, and even a bird like me,
who on the average wouldn’t spend a dollar
to see the Johnstown flood with the original
Broadway cast, felt the resistless pull and
stimulation of it. Made me restless, and
before I knew it my nose was sniffing the
air, longing to get on the scent of something
or other. I didn’t know what or where or
why.

  We got a lot of greetings, being men who
had supposedly put over one of the biggest
single deals of the Hastings pool. The fact
that we still owned the Howard acreage
kept us in the public eye—there’d been a
thousand fortunes made and lost since I’d
been in Hastings last.

  We finally curved off down the side-
street where Mary’s comfortable, old-fash-
ioned home sat in aged dignity, and dropped
her off. Then we sort of circled the north
edge of town, between the village and the
first pool, on our way to Burney’s house.
We got about half-way when I suggested,
late as usual, that it would be an excellent
thing if we interviewed the people in the
telegraph office first. No telling what we
might unearth.

  So we back-tracked, parked the car on a
sidestreet, and held converse with every
one of the five clerks in the office, including
the manager. The girl who had taken the
telegram that morning couldn’t remember
who sent it, except very vaguely.

  She thought he was pretty well-dressed,
and wore glasses, and was fairly young.
She finally thought that perhaps maybe she
might be right when she seemed to remem-
ber that he wore a sailor straw hat. To be
brief, we didn’t find out anything that we
could go on much, except that neither Mal-
ley, Graham or Burney, all of whom were
known by sight to every one in the office,
had been in it that morning.

  So that was that. As we once more
started leaping from bump to bump on the
cut-up road to Burney’s house I summed up
my feelings in the matter.

  “It must have been Malley behind it—
or Burney. Chances are Malley, although
why in the name of all that’s good and holy
he should sign your name to a telegram, or
have some one else do it for him, to get me
here I don’t know. Incidentally, as soon
as we’re through with Burney I want a
couple of your roughnecks to guard my
ship. Malley’s on the loose, I’m afraid.

And furthermore, what are we going to do
about this twenty-five grand?”

  “Let’s talk to Burney first—if we can find
him,” suggested Malcolm.

  We were lucky in finding the gentleman.
As we turned into the driveway which cir-
cled up to his ornate white mansion we
spotted the old twenty-minute egg sitting
on the porch. That was the spot where our
first historic interview with him had taken
place. This time, though, he was not ac-
companied by his stunning young wife.

      HE GREETED us with a wave
of the hand, and below his fierce
white mustache his lips were
''efcfc curved in a smile. He was dressed,
as was his almost invariable custom, in a
spotless Palm Beach suit, and a huge Pan-
ama chapeau was doing duty as a fan. He
was a big, impressive looking man, despite
heavy jowls, a rather hard face, and prom-
inent, bloodshot eyes below iron-gray hair.

  Ever since Malcolm, Upton and I, in
combination, had beaten him on that deal
he’d apparently had a vast admiration for
the ability of my two confreres. As I men-
tioned somewhere else in this poem, the
company he organized to exploit the How-
ard acreage had Malcolm as general man-
ager and Upton—“the best oil man in the
midcontinent field when he was sober—”
as field chief in charge of all drilling.

  “Come up,” the old fellow invited us.
“Hello, Lieutenant. Thought I seen your
ship this mornin’. How’s tricks, Malcolm,
my boy?”

  “Not what they might be,” returned the

Texan gently.

  “So? What’s the matter? I was out to
the field this mornin’ and Dewey said Bur-
ney Number 6 was lookin’ fine. Jackson,
of the Texas, offered me eight hundred and
fifty thousand dollars for the works, just as
they sit, but I told him we’d prove every
inch o’ that territory and make ’im pay
through the nose.

  “ ‘We’re willin’,’ says he, ‘but don’t wait
too long. Oil runs out, yuh know.’ ”
“We’d better sell when that Number 6
comes in—if she does,” stated Malcolm.
No. s, of course, too, but that ought tuh be
in a couple o’ days now. We can’t do no
more than tuh prove there’s oil on all four
corners and in the middle, can we?”

  “No. And a cool million’ll just about be
the melon we cut. So what’s bitin’ yuh?”
Wells, Wells, Wells!

  "Just this,” stated Malcolm, and in a few
well-chosen words he told the old million-
aire about the telegram, and likewise about
the little social chat between Graham,
Malley and I.

  “Now listen, Mr. Burney, and don’t git
insulted too quick,” Cary went on, his eyes
boring into our host’s. “Yuh’ve been
throwin’ out a few remarks the last few days
which didn’t sit so well with me. We all
know yore methods in the past, but we
figured you wouldn’t work none of yore
crooked stuff on us because we got some-
thin’ on yuh. What do you know about
this here telegram, what do yuh know about
where Graham is sittin’ on this particular
deal—and just where in-are you sit-
uated yoreself?”

  Burney pulled his moustache rumina-
tively. Then he spoke in that rasping
voice of his.

  “I don’t blame yuh none,” he stated.
“Fact o’ the matter’s this. Graham hadn’t
been so good for a couple o’ months before
he tied up with you boys and got licked.
When I put you and Upton in on the new
company he got soreheaded. Finally got
drunk and tried to argue with me, and I
fired ’im.

  “Then he made some threats. Gonna
hold me up because he’d pulled off a few
deals fur me, and thought he was on the
inside. Had me worried right bad, fur a
while. Didn’t know which way tuh turn.
Then I got somethin’ so definite on him
that I’ve shut his trap forever. That’s
where he sat, and that’s where he’s sittin’
now—a busted flush against three full
houses.”

  “How do you account for trying to
blackmail us out of twenty-five thousand
on account o’ that shootin’?” demanded
Malcolm.

  “That’s Malley,” I interposed. “Gra-
ham’s just working through him. Malley
slipped in letting me know Graham was in
on it. Nobody’s got any way of con-
trolling Malley, have they?”

  “Except through Graham,” said Burney.

  “And what you do to Graham wouldn’t
stop Malley,” I pointed out. “Malley
could work alone—and we’ve got nothing
on him, have we?”

  “He was just hired to make that trip,”
Burney agreed.

  “What about planting that heroin?” en-
quired Malcolm. “When Blake planted it

in our ship, under yore orders, Malley was

supposed to be watchin’ the ship-

  “But Blake distinctly said that he planted
it, and according to him Malley wasn’t in on
it,” I reminded him.

  “No reason why we couldn’t git Blake
tuh say that Malley did know about it,”
suggested the old reprobate.

  “No, but I’ll be-if I’d do that,” I

said flatly. “I’m ready to be sick being
mixed up with a lot of double-crossing,
blackmailing, framing crooks anyway!

Maybe we’d be justified, but I’ll be-

if I’ll get low enough to-”

  “Me neither,” drawled Malcolm.

  Right there I fixed my rolling eyes on
Burney. I am a forthright and crude apple-
knocker from the wilds of Utah, unversed in
subtlety or kindred smooth and suave and
slippery devices, and in my present con-
dition of deep disgust I came to bat heavily.

  “All this doesn’t clear up the mystery of
that fake telegram,” I said, talking to Bur-
ney. “Maybe Malley was the cause of it,
but why? If he wanted to get into com-
munication with me he didn’t need to use
Malcolm’s name, and if he did send it for
purposes of getting me near-by to blackmail,
he’d have had no scruples about telling me
this morning that he had done it. Burney,
are you responsible for that wire calling me
here? And if so, why?”

  “No!” roared Burney.

  “Now listen,” I went on, waving a long
and horny and oil-stained forefinger to add
emphasis. “Burney, I know your record
and I know what you tried to do to us.
We’re all in a mess together right now, but
that doesn’t alter the fact that I don’t
trust you as far as I could blow the Rock of
Gibraltar by taking a deep breath. The
only thing that keeps me from being
absolutely certain that you are behind it is
that I can’t figure any reason on earth why
anybody on earth should want me in Hast-
ings for crooked or straight purposes. I’m
inclined to think you’re up to something,

and if you are-”

  “What the- d’yuh mean!” bellowed

Burney, his fleshy face purple and his
bloodshot eyes wild as the sea on a stormy

night. “By--”

  He got hold of himself then, and it surely
was an effort. He looked from Malcolm’s
set face to mine, and piped down.

  “I can’t blame yuh, Lieutenant, but it
ain’t so!” he said with a certain amount
164

Adventure

 of dignity. “I’ve fought my way from a
 beggar to a millionaire by bein’ tougher an’
 harder an’—crookeder than anybody else in
 these stinkin’ fields. But I got mine, I’m
 swingin’ a big deal with you boys, and I’m
 ’ playin’ straight! I’m not bellyachin’ or
 yappin’ about reformin’—I’d do all I’ve
 done over again fur the same reasons—but
 in this case I’m tellin’ yuh what’s right! I
 don’t know what’s afoot on all these fake
 wires and this and that, but the Burney-
 Howard Development Company includes
 me, and yuh can count on me—hello, who’s
 this?”

           THE abrupt transition called our
 enthralled attention to a battered
 mud-covered taxi which was now
 . <=>— fanning and fogging up the drive-
 way to the accompaniment of divers groans,
 rattles and wheezes. There was one man in
 the back seat, and he alighted in front of
 the porch steps, told the driver to wait, and
 then turned toward us.

    “Sorry to bother you, gentlemen, but I
 have important business with Mr. Burney,”
 he said easily. “I presume, sir, that you
 are Mr. Adam Burney, President of the
 Burney-Howard Development Company?”
 “Uh huh,” grunted the old man. “And
 this here’s Cary, my general manager fur
 that company, and Lieutenant Evans, a
 stockholder.”

   “I’m fortunate to have found you all
 here,” said our visitor. He came up the
 steps, carrying what looked like a map
 under his arm.

    He was a tall, rather slender fellow who
 looked to be around thirty-five. His face
 was thin, and curiously impressive. His
 forehead was but little wider than his
 square jaw, and his whole face was in a sort
 of straight-line effect. His mouth was a
 straight, thin gash across his face, and his
 eyebrows and eyes were parallel to his
 mouth, if you get me. Just as level as
 could be, and at an exact right angle to a
 long, thin, straight nose. The corners of
 his mouth did not turn either down or up,
 nor was there the slightest curve in his eye-
 brows. His cheeks were lean, with high
 cheekbones, and his eyes were a piercing
 blue and his hair and eyebrows black. He
 was very neatly dressed in a tweed suit and
 Panama hat. He looked to be a very cool,
 competent, incisive individual.

    He did not sit down, but leaned against

the porch railing, facing us. He took out a
silver cigaret case, offered us smokes, and
lit one himself. Then he said:

  “Gentlemen, I’m an oil man. I’ve been
down in the Tampico Field for two years,
and have made some money. I’m on my
way east on other business now, and stopped
off here a few days ago to see what I could
see. My name is Craig—Robert C. Craig.”
He looked at us as though he expected
that we’d recognize his name. I wouldn’t,
naturally, but Burney might, being an oil
man. But all that Burney said was—
“What can we do fur yuh, Mr. Craig?”
“Make a deal with me,” said that gentle-
man in his level, deep voice. “I looked
around here, got the lay of the land, and
then got busy. I heard about what you
were doing, and decided I’d like to horn in
with you to our mutual advantage. Lay-
ing aside false humility, I’m as good an oil
man—in the sense of knowing acreage and
its value and putting it across—as you’ll
be likely to find. I’m not blowing, I’m
stating a fact.”

  He unrolled his map.

  “Here’s a blueprint of the acreage south
of the river,” he said, spreading a map which
looked something like this:

  “Now all these tracts on the eastern and
southern fringe of your acreage are in small
blocks, as you know. The whole thing
totals some hundred and sixty acres.
Originally they were owned by a large num-
ber of different people and of course, ever
since your Blake Number 1 came in trading
has been almost hysterical in them. Most
of them have been re-leased five and six
times.”

  “That’s right!” nodded Burney, and Mal-
colm agreed by saying nothing. I could
see the huge Texan was watching our curt,
businesslike visitor with a great deal of
interest.

  “Now due to the fact that this land is
broken up so much—so many different
owners—the big company men haven’t gone
to the trouble of trying to buy any of it to
date. Waiting to get your acreage, I pre-
sume. The Texas has already stepped in
on the western edge and got around seven
hundred acres, as you know. After they
get your stuff, then they can try to get all
these small owners to sell to ’em, but natur-
ally they won’t bother with ten acres here
and twenty there. They want the whole
shebang or nothing.”
Wells, Wells, Wells!

165

  “Shore. Well, what about it?”

  Burney was sunk low in his chair, pulling
his moustache, and devoting his exclusive
attention to Craig. The old man was all
business, now, and was watching and listen-
ing as though his life depended on what was
coming.

  “Well, now we’re right down to bed-
rock,” stated Craig. “I’ve inquired around
and used my eyes. I know your system in
the past, Mr. Burney, and what you’re
doing now. You’re proving your acreage
to get a larger proportionate price for it than
as though you sold without drilling. In
brief, I decided that I could make money
for myself, and for you, if I could swing a
big deal. So I gambled. Mr. Burney, I
now own this hundred and sixty acres offset
from your acreage, on the eastern and
southern fringe. I got all the owners to
sell to me, and I spent a lot of money. Now
I want to make a deal with you, or your
company rather, to take over this hundred
and sixty acres, add it to your holdings,
and handle it as you are handling the
Howard acreage.”

  “You say yuh got that hundred and sixty
acres solid?” demanded Burney.

  “Lock, stock and barrel,” stated Craig.
“I can prove that titles are clear, etc. My
lawyer and I will naturally demonstrate
that to your satisfaction.”

“If yuh gathered that there acreage, and
didn’t pay too much, yo’re an oil man all
right,” stated Burney. “And a gambler.”
“Maybe,” admitted Craig. “Now here’s
my proposition.

  “I like your method of handling acreage.
I believe that you, Mr. Burney, by adding
this hundred and sixty acres to your hold-
ings, can get a bigger price for it when you
finally close out to the big companies than
I could, individually. So I want to throw
in with you. As an oil man, I believe there’s
a pool that’ll knock your eye out right there
south of the river. Your four flowing wells
are averaging around fifteen hundred bar-
rels a day—and there’ll be bigger ones.

  “Don’t forget that your biggest well,
Blake Number 1 here—is closest to my
hundred and sixty acres, too. I paid plenty
for my acreage, but I make this proposition
—being, as you said, a gambler. I’ll sell
you this hundred and sixty, to be added to
your acreage and handled just as you handle
your original five hundred, for fifty thousand
dollars cash, to bind the bargain. You

agree to drill one well in the middle of this
acreage, to prove it as you are proving the
Howard tract. When you sell the whole
tract—mine, and the Howard acreage—
it’ll be at a certain price per acre. Out of
what my hundred and sixty sells for on a
pro rata basis you deduct the fifty thousand
plus the expense of drilling the well; the
net expense, after deducting from the cost
of the well the value of the oil which
has flowed from it before you sell. This
will clear you of your investment. Of the
net profit—from the oil which has flowed
and the selling price—you get twenty-five
per cent, and I get seventy-five. Naturally
you can’t lose—the hundred and sixty can’t
sell for less than you’ll have spent. I
simply have come to the conclusion that
seventy-five per cent, of what you make out
of it will total more than a hundred per cent,
of what I make out of it, particularly in view
of the fact that I’ve got to be in the east for
the next couple of months and can’t stay
here to look after things myself.”

  Burney didn’t hesitate an instant. He
turned to Malcolm.

  “A good proposition,” he stated.

  “Almost too good,” drawled Malcolm.
  Burney turned to Craig.

  “It’s a deal—if yuh can live up to yore
part of it.”

  “Good,” said Craig smilingly, gathering
up his map. “The quicker it goes through
the better. My lawyer is here—going east
with me—and has handled the papers for all
the buys I’ve made. If I can, I’d like to
leave here tonight. Suppose we say that
you and your lawyer meet my lawyer and
myself at the Imperial Hotel at two-thirty
o’clock this afternoon, in Room 31. I’ll
have all the papers ready—my leases to the
land, and the contract between yourselves
and me. Your lawyer can look them over,
and we can sign on the dotted lines without
delay. A certified check for fifty thousand
will be all right.

  “Thank you, gentlemen. I trust that
the deal will be mutually profitable. I,
personally, am delighted. Is two-thirty
convenient? I would like to get the four
o’clock train if I could.”

  “All right,” nodded Burney. “But yo’re
workin’ pretty fast. Better be shore yore
papers are in good shape if yuh want tuh
run it through that quick.”

  “My lawyer’s a hound,” smiled Craig.
“Being from Tampico, he knows the oil
Adventure

business. Don’t think I bought an acre
that had any cloud on it, from the original
title right on through every previous lease.
Good day, gentlemen.”

  As the taxi rattled on down the driveway
Malcolm grinned.

  “Pretty snappy hombre, and he’s handin’
us somethin’,” he opined.

  “Well, be that as it may, I’m still thinking
of why I’m here, and what Malley’s going to
do,” I stated. “He could make it right
unhandy for me.”

  “Bein’ as we’re bloated with money and
all, and tuh save trouble, maybe we’d bet-
ter grease ’im some,” said Burney. “That

there shootin’ proposition-”

  “I’m going to see him again, right now,
and see what I can do,” I decided. “I
won’t pay blackmail. It keeps on forever,
and even if it doesn’t, I won’t stand for it.
Malley was well paid for his trouble, and by

-that dirty bum isn’t going to hold me

up—not if I was worth a million dollars.
I’ll let him shoot his wad, I guess. Mal-
colm, where’ll I meet you when I get
through?”

  “Suppose you drift up to the Imperial at •
two-thirty,” said Cary. “Three cooks are
better’n two.”

  “And too many heads spoil the broth,” I
quoted, or misquoted, or at any rate, said.
“I’ll see this bozo alone, and see what I can
shake out of him. You can carry me as far
as town, Malcolm, and then I’ll taxi on
out. I’d give several new-mown whiskers to

know what the-is up around this town

—and what Malley knows I’ll prod out of
him if I have to hypnotize him with a brick.”

V

lllrtffi ^ ^ haPPened that I didn’t
have to go on out to the field. As
Ju|L Malcolm and I were tooling our
'mn way down the street in his car we
were close to the row of parked cars along
one side, and just by chance my eagle eye
spotted the greasy features of Mr. Malley
in front of the Imperial Hotel. This im-
posing hostelry was a frame building, set
back a few feet from the street, and had
porches on both stories running the full
length of the front. What had been a
small lawn in front of it was now concealed
by booths facing the street, and behind them
chairs filled the whole space. Many mil-
lion dollars had swapped owners in those

chairs, for here the big company men were
wont to receive those who had land to sell.
You had to stand in line to get a seat.

  “See you at two-thirty,” I yelped to
Cary and dove out of the car.

  As I squeezed through between two
parked cars Malley spotted me over the
heads of the passing populace. It’s no
harder to pick me out of the crowd than it
would be to notice the Statue of Liberty in
a toy store.

  “I’ve been looking around for you,”
Malley told me directly. “I didn’t have a
chance t’ tell yuh that I’m shakin’ this burg
at four o’clock this afternoon fur San Anto-
nio, and when I get there the fun’ll start if
y’ don’t come across.”

  “Come here,” I said, and dragged him
into an alley a few feet from the sidewalk.

  “Why didn’t Cary stop?” he inquired.
“He’s in on it, ain’t he? He shot my prop

off from your ship-”

  “I’ll talk for the three,” I announced.
“Now you listen a minute. Why did you
have a fake telegram sent to me, signed by
Cary?”

  “Huh?”

  He seemed utterly astounded. I’d tried
to take him off-guard, but the result,
coupled with the fact that the telegraph
company’s clerk was positive that he had
not been in the office and that there was no
sense in the idea anyway made me put Mal-
ley entirely out of my calculations as far as
that wire went.

  “Listen, Lieutenant,” he said to me,
very earnestly, “I’ll swear I didn’t know
anything about any telegram. And I had

no hand sendin’ anything. Honest t’-,

I was cornin’ down t’ McMullen—gonna
fly down—and brace yuh down there right
on your home grounds where I could make
good on my complaint against yuh within
ten minutes. With your C. O., I mean. I
figured you’d be easier t’ handle than Cary
or Upton—and I wouldn’t be safe in this
town any way tryin’ to pull off the deal.
Burney’d frame me quick. When you

come I pitched in-”

  “You’re being pretty frank,” I told him.
I couldn’t get his drift, quite. He seemed
to be absolutely frank and straightforward
—and yet there was something curiously
sneaking about him—like a licked dog try-
ing to make friends or something of the
sort.

  “I’ll come clean,” he told me, and now
Wells, Wells, Wells!

his eyes met mine firmly. “I’m entitled to
the dough, Evans. I’m nothin’—I know it.
I never have been anything. I come to this
town t’ try and make money, and I ain’t
made a cent.”

  “Because your-plane and you your-
self generate about as much confidence as
I’d have in the word of Judas Iscariot!

Sloppy, dirty-”

  “I know. But I’ve fliwered a dozen
times tryin’ t’ make somethin’ down here.
Then my big chance come along. I was
gonna get big money for makin’ that night
trip, and a slice o’ the profits if they come
along. Then you spoiled it all. And I got
nothin’ but a measly five hundred, and had
to buy a prop out o’ that. You fellows’ve
got millions, or will have—yuh put my life
in danger, I’m down and out and—honest

t’-, Evans, yuh owe it to me!”

  This little speech sort of reached me,-

sucker that I am for everything from a
hard-luck story to the tears of a gold-dig-
ging female. If a woman cries I may know
she’s just doing a Sarah Bernhardt, but I’ll
give her the town hall any time. As for a
hard-luck story—if I told you the amount
of money I’ve shelled out it would sound
as though I was talking in rubles.

  “Malley, you’re talking through your
hat,” I told him. “You weren’t in for any
big money if the trip went through at all.
Maybe liberal payment, yes. And the
reason you’re down on your luck is because

you’re so-shiftless that you’d leave a

ten-dollar bill on the sidewalk to save your-
self the trouble of picking it up. Thirdly,
my dear brother, you’re mixed up in this
deal with Graham, who’s already tried to
hold up old man Burney.”

  At the same time that I was orating
thusly, I was doing my best to think. And
I had about come to the decision that a few
dollars might save a lot of trouble. The
oilfields abound with the smartest shyster
lawyers who ever drew a crooked lease.
A suit against the company on that little
matter of shooting off the prop of his air-
plane would be embarrassing, and might
get the plaintiff a sizable chunk of money.

  I tried to get myself to look at it as a
settlement out of court, rather than black-
mail. And I’d just about cranked up my
tongue to mention about two thousand
bucks in full settlement, with a signed
statement that it was in full payment of all
damages, when Malley went wrong. He

threw off his pose, and his eyes were gleam-
ing with utter ferocity—so suddenly that it
was a shock.

  “You’re a moral lecturer too, are yuh?”

he snarled. “Well listen here, you -

big-mouthed hypocrite, I’ll get you and I’ll
get you good, you-”

  The rest of his remarks would burn up
this paper and wreathe your head in heavy
blue smoke. I stood for about three pretty
descriptive words, and then I raised my
fist from somewhere alongside my knee and
dispatched it to the pointed chin of ex-
corporal Malley. It lifted him right off his
feet, and deposited him like a sack of meal
against the building a couple of feet behind
him.

  He didn’t come back at me. He was
dazed, and he leaned against the wall and
said nothing while he was collecting his
wits.

  “That’ll be that,” I told him. “If you’d
kept your mouth shut you might have got
something. Now sue and be-to you!”

  His eyes were curiously ratlike as he
looked at me, and when he spoke it was
with slow venom.

  “You think you’re top o’ the deck now,
but in just about an hour you’ll be squealin’
like a stuck pig!” he told me as I was start-
ing to go.

  “You must think the law moves so fast
it would make radio seem like an ox-team,”
I told him. “Maybe, when you’re tripping
over your tangled gray whiskers, you may
have a decision on that suit.”

  He said nothing, being scared of another
bat on the jaw, I presume, but he smiled a
nasty smile. The boy actually appeared to
have an ace up his sleeve, and to be gloating
over me. Which was cause for thought as
I ambled out of the alley and on the mobbed
sidewalk.

IT WAS only a quarter after two,
so I took a turn down the street
and looked into a few joints just
for fun. Watched a couple of big
poker games, turned down a pressing invi-
tation to tea from a strange woman, talked
here and there with oil men I’d happened to
meet, and in general passed a few minutes
surveying the feverish, never-monotonous
life of an oil town in full boom.

  When I happened to cock a snook at my
alarm clock I found that I’d used up my
fifteen minutes. I cantered back the two
Adventure

blocks to the Imperial hotel, and as I
thought of Mr. Robert C. Craig I was con-
scious of a definite interest in the man.
Then my thoughts leaped lightly to Malley,
and the mysterious threat in his manner—
something not to be laid, in my mind, to
the coming lawsuit. It must have been the
corporal who had sent that telegram to me,
for some mysterious reason of his own, I de-
cided. Apparently he expected something
to happen to me shortly.

VI

         AS I hove alongside the palatial
JlltX1 hostelfy ^ saw Burney’s glitter-
mmd ing, high-powered car standing in

          the street, a man at the wheel who
occasionally acted as chauffeur for Burney,
in the intervals of his duties as handy man
around the house. As I entered the crowd-
ed office of the hotel—you couldn’t call it
a lobby—I spotted none other than Mr.
Robert C. Craig making his way through
the crowd toward the door, accompanied
by an old acquaintance, Mr. Graham. Mr.
Graham was now shaved and decently
clothed.

  It was twenty minutes of three. That
was very peculiar, Craig on his way out, and
Graham undoubtedly with him. There had
been no time to transact the deal, they
couldn’t have consummated it that quick.

  I was in a bit of a whirl. Instinctively
I smelled something cheesy, so to speak.
Looking ior something I couldn’t accurately
describe, I went up the stairs two at a time,
bound for Room 31.

  Then, without any more warning than an
electric light gives before it goes out, it
seemed as though several pieces of a jigsaw
puzzle automatically fell into place in my
mind. I connected, vaguely, that fake tele-
gram, Mr. Robert C. Craig, Mr. Malley and
his attitude a few moments before when I
socked him so hard he gave a little rein to
his feelings, and Mr. Graham.

  If I’d had two seconds to think it out, I’d
have heid the details set, but I was so sure of
something that when I found Room 31
locked I backed up and hit it like an express
train would an eggcrate. It crashed in—
and I saw old man Burney and Malcolm
Cary, bound and gagged on the floor. Bur-
ney was unconscious, but Malcolm rolled a
pair of demon’s eyes at me below a lump
the size of a lemon on his forehead.

  In less time than a streak of light takes to
cross a room I had Malcolm loose with the
aid of my trusty pen knife.

  “Slugged you both and got the check,
eh?” I asked him, and he nodded as I
worked.

 “I hope to-they take the time to

cash the check!” I told him. “You give the
alarm and I’ll get out to the field. They
must be planning to fly out of town-”

  Without saying another word I dashed
out of the room. I knew Malcolm would
give the alarm, but suddenly I was sure of
one thing. They were planning to use my
ship! That had been the reason for the
fake telegram.

  That superannuated Jenny wouldn’t get
to the Mexican border without regassing,
and it was too much of a wreck to trust on
a long trip any way. Malley was going to
steal my De Haviland and fly Craig and
Graham over the border—and probably pick
up a few dollars for the ship from somebody
down there. That’s why they’d wired me
to come. The whole oil deal had been a
fake cooked up by Mr. Robert C. Craig,
evidently a smart crook who had simply
used what tools came his way.

  I went through the crowd in front of the
hotel like a tank through a pain of glass, and
flung myself into the front seat of Burney’s
car. The chauffeur knew me.

  “Give me that wheel—your boss has been
robbed of fifty thousand bucks!” I told him,
and within the next few seconds we were
crawling the half block to the nearest side-
street.

  Once I made the turn I gave that big
beauty the gun, and we just skimmed across
the ruts and holes in the road. It was the
longest way to the field, but likewise the
fastest. I told Horan, the chauffeur, what
had happened as I sent that car along like a

bat out of-. I didn’t know just what I

was going to do, except try to keep either
one of those ships from leaving the ground.

  If the crooks had stopped to cash the
checks I might beat them out there, but it
was supposed to have been certified, and it
was my understanding that a certified check
can’t be stopped under any circumstances.
I was as sure as though I’d heard them talk-
ing that they were planning to fly my ship
out of Hastings to the border.

  And you can imagine how smart I felt
when I remembered that I’d nearly fallen
for that extra dough to Malley!
Wells, Wells, Wells!

169

  We made the three miles from the Im-
perial Hotel to the flying field in four sec-
onds less than nothing, flat. As I tooled the
big car into the pasture lot I saw that I
had beaten Craig and Graham—but my
ship was down at the lower end of the field,
headed into the wind, the motor idling, and
beside it stood Malley, with two guns on
him. One was in his hand, and he shot at
us as I stopped the car. He was three
hundred yards away, but the shot was a
warning.

  I stopped the car close to Malley’s de-
crepit Jenny, which was standing on the line
in front of the stained, rickety canvas
hangar. For a moment I was absolutely
stumped. At any second Craig and Gra-
ham would arrive—and there was no way
I could put the De Haviland out of com-
mission. I had no gun.

  I glanced back toward town, and over the
flat fields I saw a car speeding toward us.
It was a quarter of a mile away. At that
same instant a wild plan sort of sparked
into being in my hot brain.

  In about ten words I’d pointed out his
duty to Horan, and promised him half the
earth from Burney if he’d do it. Malley was
still standing beside the De Haviland, wait-
ing. If the ships had only been reversed, I
remember thinking. The Jenny wouldn’t
do over ninety at the best, and the D. H.
could step it off at a hundred and fifty.

  I didn’t know whether there was any gas
in the Jenny, or whether it was in flying
condition or not, but I had to take a chance.
Horan and I jumped out of the car, and
the chauffeur went to the propellor and
spun it wildly while I worked the primer in
the cockpit. Then I turned on the ignition
switch, and ran around to the prop.

MALLEY was coming toward us
at a dead run, shooting wildly.
He was too far away to hit any-
thing, of course, as yet. The
other car was coming like the wind and
behind it, a mere speck, was still another.
That was Malcolm in full pursuit, I was sure.

  I passed the prop on a gallop, grabbing
it with one hand and giving it a mighty
jerk. And the motor, fairly warm because
of the blazing sun, caught!

  I had opened the throttle too far, to make
sure the motor would continue to run if she
did start, and the ship got in motion right
away.

  “Get in the car and keep yourself out of
bullet range!” I yelled to Horan, and then
dragged myself into the cockpit of the
moving Jenny, and shoved the throttle on
all the way.

  In all my flying career I have never gone
through more tense seconds than I did
while that Jenny was speeding over the
ground. A thousand things might be the
matter with it, although as I looked over
the wings and flipped the controls just a
trifle it seemed to be working all right.

  As I sped past Malley he shot at me, but
I was going too fast for him to hit me. Then
the Jenny took the air.

  It was so right-wing-heavy that it was a
truckdriver’s job to keep the stick way over
to the left to hold the crate level, and the
motor only turned up thirteen fifty and
would barely hold the ship in the air. It
flew like a barn with wings on it.

  Five hundred yards back of the fence at
the lower edge of the field I was only fifty
feet high. I nosed down until the boat was
level, and banked around in almost a com-
plete circle. When I was straightened out
I was headed across the field, and the first
car was entering the limits of said pasture.
Malley was standing in the middle of the
field, and Horan was driving the Burney car
out of the danger zone. He had passed the
fugitive car, evidently.

  I knew I’d won, so far as keeping those
thugs in town was concerned. I nosed
down, and as I got within a few yards
of the De Haviland I was skimming the
ground. The car, with Graham and Craig
in it, was scuttling down the field, and
Malley was running toward the D. H.

  I was headed right for the tail of the De
Haviland, and at right angles to the fuse-
lage. Having dived with the little ninety-
horse-power motor wide open, that Jenny
was going like a streak of light and the en-
gine was fairly shaking itself to pieces. The
terrific air stream, compounded of the speed
and the propellor wash, nearly tore my head
from my shoulders as I flew with said knot on
the end of my backbone stuck over the side.

  I was aiming for the big rudder at the very
end of the D. H. And I hit it. There was
scarcely a jar as my left wing tip tore
through the frail linen and wood, and the
next second I used my excess speed to zoom
up a trifle. I looked back, and down, and
permitted myself a seraphic grin. The rud-
der was a mass of wreckage—and that D. H.
170

Adventure

wouldn’t fly until a new one was procured.

  The three crooks were standing beside the
ship, now. Perhaps they were discussing
the weather. They seemed to be excited.

  I circled around for a landing as the sec-
ond car, which was so full of men that spare
legs and arms stuck out here and there,
snorted into the field and tore down on
the three buccaneers. Those gentlemen just
stuck their hands in the air as the half-
dozen men piled out, several of them hold-
ing guns.

  It wasn’t such a bad deal—swapping a
hundred dollar rudder for fifty thousand
bucks. I didn’t think until after it was
over that I wasn’t interested in a cent of the
fifty thousand—my little fifty acre share
would neither expand nor shrink.

  All of which, right from my near-fall for
Malley’s sob story down to risking my fool
neck to stop that aerial getaway, goes to
show that the dumber they are the harder
they fall, and that while no one can fool
a horse-fly anybody can fool a jackass-
flyer.

VII

         THAT’S about all of it. We got

          the fifty thousand back. Graham,
Malley and Craig—who proved
to be a very well-known, highly
esteemed and successful crook—are making
pebbles out of boulders for the welfare of
the great commonwealth of Texas, and I’m
lounging around McMullen.

  The Burney-Howard Development Com-
pany sold out their holdings to one of the
Standard group about a month after the
little soiree I’ve described, for an even
million. The last well Burney brought
in flowed five thousand barrels. My net
profit on that five thousand investment
Cary made for me was close to sixty thou-
sand dollars.

  I’ve done a fairly good job getting rid of
it. Give me time, and it’ll be gone. If I
have a cent more than a hundred dollars
to my name when it comes my turn to col-
lide with the earth at a high rate of speed
I’ll be sore as-.
Zthe Camp-Fire

c/ freetoall ^

meeting place
for readers.
Writers and
&dven hirers

   Our Camp-Fire came into being May 5, 1912, with our June issue, and since then
its fire has never died down. Many have gathered about it and they are of all classes
and degrees, high and low, rich and poor, adventurers and stay-at-homes, and from all
parts of the earth. Some whose voices we used to know have taken the Long Trail
and are heard no more, but they are still memories among us, and new voices are
heard, and welcomed.

   We are drawn together by a common liking for the strong, clean things of out-of-
doors, for word from the earth’s far places, for man in action instead of caged by cir-
cumstance. The spirit of adventure lives in all men; the rest is chance.

   But something besides a common interest holds us together. Somehow a real com-
radeship has grown up among us. Men can not thus meet and talk together without
growing into friendlier relations; many a time does one of us come to the rest for facts
and guidance; many a close personal friendship has our Camp-Fire built up between
f/o men who had never met; often has it proved an open sesame between strangers
in a far land.

   Perhaps our Camp-Fire is even a little more. Perhaps it is a bit of leaven working
gently among those of different station toward the fuller and more human understand-
ing and sympathy that will some day bring to man the real democracy and brotherhood
he seeks. Few indeed are the agencies that bring together on a friendly footing so many
and such great extremes as here. And we are numbered by the hundred thousand now.

If you are come to our Camp-Fire for the first time and find you like the things we
ike, join us and find yourself very welcome. There is no obligation except ordinary
manliness, no forms or ceremonies, no dues, no officers, no anything except men and
women gathered for interest and friendliness. Your desire to join makes you a member.

        YOU’LL remember that there
was still some more to hear in our
discussion of Julius Caesar, started
by Talbot Mundy’s having come
forward with an estimate of Caesar very
much at variance with the usually accepted
one.

U ERE is a letter from Arthur G. Brodeur,
of the University of California, whom,
as a member of our writers’ brigade, you
already know as one who is worth listen-
ing to on European history:

Berkeley, California.

  I’d make the general criticism of Mr. Mundy’s
case that he takes a lot for granted for which there
is no evidence; that he generalizes frightfully, and
that he has selected as the basis of his argument
all the statements ever made by Caesar’s enemies

and rejected all the testimony of his friends. He
has even rejected some of the evidence ofiered by
Caesar’s enemies, when that evidence was favorable
to Caesar. And in several places where he alludes
to Caesar’s Commentaries, it looks to me as if he’s
misunderstoodjthe Latin. Either he has or I have,
that much is certain. I’ll take up his points one
by one:

      SAYS: “Caesar by his own showing was a
liar, a brute, a treacherous humbug and a
conceited ass, as well as the ablest military expert
in the world at that time.” “By his own showing”
must mean that this is all revealed in the Commen-
taries. I can’t see it. The Roman Senate, which
wanted his scalp at the time, accused him of treach-
ery toward the Germans; but the fact seems to be
that Ca;sar merely took advantage of a fair oppor-
tunity to hit a self-confessed enemy (Ariovistus),
who far outnumbered him, at a strategic disadvan-
tage. Ariovistus expected a fight, had come looking
for it, ignored Caesar’s warnings, and then exposed
himself. Being a good general, Caesar thrashed

171
172

Adventure

him, as the French Army of Paris thrashed the Ger-
mans when they lost their heads in the first Battle
of the Marne. I can’t find any place where Csesar
reveals himself as a liar or a humbug. Conceited he
undoubtedly was—but an ass! His enemies never
thought so. Nor was he any more of a brute than
any other leader of his time—not so much as most.
I’ll give the proof of that later. In response to this
general denunciation I will merely cite the signifi-
cant fact that Cicero, one of Caesar’s staunchest
political opponents, confessed that whenever he
shrank from Caesar’s ambition, he had to yield to
his great admiration for Caesar’s character. (See
his letters, nos. 7 and following.)

A/f R. MUNDY doesn’t believe Caesar wrote his
own Commentaries—thinks his secretary did,
and that a slave transcribed after Caesar had edited
the copy. What’s his evidence for this? Merely
that he doesn’t like Caesar, and that the first person
creeps in here and there into a narrative mostly in
the third person. Let me ask Mr. Mundy whether,
if he undertook to write up the account of eight or
nine years of his own busy life, all in the third per-
son, he wouldn’t find it hard to avoid the first per-
sonal pronoun once in a while. All that such lapses
mean is a slip of the pen. It’s true that his legate
Aulus Hirtius wrote the 8th book of the Commen-
taries, but Caesar never tried to hide the fact. And
it’s most significant, that Cicero, the prettiest stylist
and judge of prose style in Roman times, who had
heard Caesar speak and seen his writings often, re-
garded the Commentaries as unquestionably written
by Caesar himself, and praises them as a model of
historical writing. Not only that, but he judged
them accurate. The men among Caesar’s contempo-
raries who attacked his truthfulness were all his
enemies, notably his bitter opponents Dolabella,
Actorius Naso, and the elder Curio. And if there is
danger—as there is—in accepting a man’s own
account of his deeds, it’s just as dangerous and
absurd to reject his account altogether when that
account is about all there is to go by.

V/T R. MUNDY accuses Caesar of every form of
vice except drunkenness. He seems to get
his evidence for these statements in his letter, as
well as for the account of the songs sung by Caesar’s
soldiers about his debauchery, from Suetonius. It
is certainly not to be found in Plutarch, except for
the account of his liason with Cleopatra, which
seems to be established beyond question. Now
Suetonius lived about a hundred and thirty years
after Caesar; he drew his materials partly from
actual court archives, and partly from sheer gossip.
Of the latter there was plenty about Caesar, as there
is about any great man who has bitter enemies.
Moreover, Suetonius manages to accuse every one of
whom he writes of loose living. And finally, how
much reliance is to be placed in his estimate of
Caesar’s virtue may be gleaned from the following
fact: in Sections 50 and following he accuses Caesar
of every kind of wantonness, but in Section 49 he
says in so many words: “There was no stain on
his reputation for chastity except his intimacy with
King Nicomedes.” And that one exception, rotten
enough if true, may be dismissed as sheer drivel; for
the one thing certainly known about Caesar’s char-
acter was that he possessed too high an opinion of
himself for that particular form of baseness. But
notice how—with that exception—Suetonius (Mr.

Mundy’s source) denies his own statements. Per-
sonally I don’t believe that Caesar was much better
or much worse, in sexual morality, than his fellow
nobles; but we must remember that the Puritan tra-
dition did not exist until the 16th century. It’s silly
to judge the morals of a single man of classic times
by our professed standards of today. From our
standpoint, ancient Rome was rotten morally; but
it was no worse than Greece, Assyria, or any other
ancient civilization except the one relatively pure
civilization of the Hebrews. We vaunt ourselves on
our own morality—but look up our own venereal
statistics and then judge if we’re any better than
the Romans.

“ J-JE HABITUALLY used the plunder of con-
quered cities for the purpose of bribing the
Roman Senate.” I object to the word “habitually”;
it’s true that he took the plunder of conquered cities
for himself; but it’s also true that he distributed it,
not to the senators, whom he knew he couldn’t win
over, but to his soldiers and to the people of Rome—
partly in wheat, partly in the form of lavish amuse-
ments, partly in the, reconstruction of those same
cities he had destroyed, filling them with Roman
citizens. “He cut ofi the hands of fifty thousand
Gauls on one occasion, as a mere act of retaliation.”
Well, he cut them off all right, but not as an act of
retaliation. He knew that if he spared those fight-
ing men who had so recently imperiled Rome’s
power, he would soon have them in arms against
him once more. Cruel? Absolutely. But not one
of Caesar’s worst enemies ever accused him of
cruelty for cruelty’s sake. More of that anon. Let
me cite, over against his cruelty, the following evi-
dence of his mercy, which was exceptional, not only
for a Roman, but for any man of ancient times:
“After he had ended his civil wars, he did so honor-
ably behave himself, that there was no fault to be
found in him; and therefore methinks, amongst
other honors they gave him, he rightfully deserved
this, that they should build him a temple of clem-
ency, to thank him for his courtesy he had used unto
them in his victory. For he pardoned many of them
that had borne arms against him, and, furthermore,
did prefer some of them to honor and office in the
commonwealth: as, amongst others, Cassius and
Brutus, both the which were made praetors.”
(Plutarch: North’s translation. N. B.—Plutarch
lived long after Caesar’s death, and had no axe to
grind; and he didn’t get his material from Caesar’s
own writings either.)

  As for his breaking his word often and treacher-
ously, I can’t find any support for the statement.
Where is the evidence? Cicero, his adversary,
praises his honorable character. Sure, he was vain—
vain as a peacock. So have other men been, for less
reason. He did have himself deified, with all the
rest of it. No excuse for that, I’ll admit.

“ j-jE PRETENDS his expeditions to Britain were
successful.” But does he? I read, in his
Commentaries, just about the same implicit con-
fession of lack of real success that Mr. Mundy gives
explicitly. Caesar simply states the case objectively.
He doesn’t call himself a damn fool, to be sure; but
he claims no more than that his second, and more
successful, expedition resulted in the winning of
some hostages and plunder, the raiding to London,
and the levy of tribute. The tribute, by the way,
could not be enforced.
The Camp-Fire

173

  Nothing could be more misleading than Mr.
Mundy’s statement: “And whatever Caesar wrote
about those expeditions, what his men had to say
about them can be surmised fairly accurately from
the fact that Rome left Britain severely alone for
several generations.” Scarcely less misleading is
the expression “a successful general does not usu-
ally sneak away by night,” and the assertion that
“he cleared out of Britain again as fast as possible.”
True, he did clear out as fast as possible, but not for
the reason Mr. Mundy assumes. He had received
word that Gaul was on fire with incipient rebellion
behind him, and he was good enough general to
abandon a new conquest persistence in which would
have cut him off from his sole base of supplies and
source of reenforcements. For that matter, Caesar
never had any intention of conquering Britain on
those expeditions. He knew he didn’t have men
enough.

  He had two purposes: one, to find out what
Britain and its people were like, and secondly—the
the more vital reason—to convince the Britons that
they’d better stop sending aid to the rebellious
tribes in Gaul. In this purpose he succeeded. If
he didn’t make a single permanent conquest in the
island, at least the Britons kept out of Gaul for
four hundred years afterward, except as they came,
during the third and fourth centuries A. D., as
Roman subjects.

  The real reason why neither Csesar nor his suc-
cessors Augustus and Tiberius attempted to invade
Britain again was that they had their hands too
full elsewhere. Caesar was no sooner back than his
laughter’s death drew him to Italy and the uprising
in Gaul brought him back there again to hold down
his earlier conquests; from Gaul he had to inarch
into Italy to save his position and his very neck
from the envious nobles and the Senate; and then he
was up to his neck in civil war. From then on he
had his hands full pacifying the Roman world and
keeping it pacified. He died before he could get
his hands free for fresh conquests. His succes-
sors had all they could do to keep the Germans
from invading Gaul and Rome. Mark well: just
as soon as Rome got a real breathing spell, under
Claudius, Britain was invaded again—and Rome
thenceforth kept on till she conquered Britain and
made it a province. If Csesar had had the time and
the man-power that Claudius had, he would have
done the job himself; but he considered his life as
worth more than another province, and his rule more
important than conquest. If he had been able to
undertake it, his men would have followed eagerly.
Both Plutarch and Suetonous pay tribute to his mar-
velous ascendency over the hearts of his men.

(^^ESAR did call the Britons barbarians, but he
did not call them savages. Moreover, the word
barbarus (winch we translate “barbarian”) did not
mean the same thing to the Roman that it means to
us. The Roman, like the Greek, called all peoples
barbari who didn’t belong to the Mediterranean
world. The word has its origin not in any under-
valuation of foreign cultures, but in the uncouth
effect produced on the Greco-Roman ear by the
sound of a foreign speech. Csesar clearly and faith-
fully describes the Britons as possessing two dis-
tinct cultures, one of which (closely related to that
of Gaul) he describes as characterized by settled
cities, coinage, the use of iron, and agriculture.
This doesn’t look as if he reported them barbarians

in our sense of the word. I don’t agree with Mr.
Mundy that they were the “waning tag-end of a
high civilization;” the archeological evidence shows
clearly that they were rather a semi-civilized peo-
ple well on the up-grade and rising fast. They had
fine skill in the use of metals, in all forms of art
not concerned with the human figure, and—pretty
certainly—in poetry. But their poetry was not
written down; they had no consecutive alphabet
till they learned the Roman alphabet from their
conquerors. They were mixed, true; but they
were in general of two types, which are not clearly
accounted for by the Roman writers; it is certain
only that at least two Celtic stocks went to make
them, and that they had absorbed a large part of
the earlier stone-age inhabitants of the island.

JyJ R. MUNDY is all off on the Samothracian
Mysteries, largely because he conjectures so
much without evidence. He hits the nail on the
head only when he says that they “have baffled
most historians” (I should say all historians except
the ruddy guessers) and that “nothing whatever is
known of their actual teaching.” They were highly
respected—especially by the Romans! It is not at
all certain—in fact, it is highly unlikely—that “all
the Mysteries were based on the theory of uni-
versal brotherhood.” We have no record of a single
Mystery that so concerned itself. All the Myster-
ies were concerned directly with the cult of a defi-
nite god or goddess, or combinations of gods and
goddesses, and what little we know about them in-
dicates that they may have celebrated various forms
of a widely distributed fertility cult. The Mys-
teries of Samothrace are known (and this is about all
we do know about them) to have had much to do
with the worship of the Cabiri; and consequently
there is good ground to suppose, as the Greeks and
Romans did suppose, that these Mysteries were more
or less lascivious. But it was a natural and relative-
ly naive lasciviousness, such as has been associated
with fertility cults all over the world. (See Frazer;
“Golden Bough;” “Magic.”)

  I can’t see what Mr. Mundy is getting at by
dragging in Freemasonry; there isn’t the slightest
relation between it or its ritual or beliefs with those
of any ancient classical mystery. His statement
that “no initiate of any genuine Mystery would go
so far as to consider human sacrifice or any form of
preventable cruelty” is little short of marvelous.
Has he never heard of the Mysteries of Cybele,
with their ghastly licentiousness and mutilation?
And these were genuine Mysteries. Druidism does
not class with the Mysteries, and has no connection
with those of Samothrace.

'T'HE statement that Caesar loathed the Druids
hasn’t a shred of evidence to back it; he gives a
clear and not altogether unsympathetic account of
the Druids. To be sure, he says that they practised
human sacrifice; and the absolute truth of his state-
ment is borne out by the independent testimony of
Diodorus and the high authority of Tacitus. The
thing is proved—to deny Druidical human sacrifice
is to deny every contemporary authority that we
have. For that matter, human sacrifice has been
practised pretty much all over Europe at one time
or another.

  Mr. Mundy says that Csesar admits, in his Com-
mentaries, that he burned the Druids alive. I
can’t find any such admission in the Commentaries,
174

Adventure

and I’ve been through them with a fine-tooth comb,
checking up by searching all the best Csesar-lexi-
cons. Maybe I have overlooked something, but I
don’t think so. If I have, I’ll be glad to be cor-
rected. Nor did Caesar’s enemies in Rome, who
raised every possible accusation against him, even
mention any such thing as this.

Now for Mr. Mundy’s scatter-gun assault on
the Romans generally. It comes down to a
general assertion that they were responsible for
most of the cruelty and militarism that has vexed
the world since their times, that they were brutal,
inartistic, and inefficient in everything but discipline.
He admits their success as engineers and law-
makers, but blames our modern social ills on the
part played by the Roman law in our own legal
development. Well—

  The Greeks were notoriously as licentious in their
best days as the Romans were in their worst. Sys-
tematic immorality was practised as a part of
Assyrio-Babylonian and Phcenician religion. The
temples of Aphrodite at Corinth and Paphos were
public brothels. See what Burton has to say as to
Moslem immorality. The fact is that the Romans
were no worse than any other ancient people (the
Hebrews always excepted); and for a large part of
their career they were better than most. Their de-
cline began with their conquest of Greece, when
they came into contact with the degenerate prac-
tises of that country. But the Greeks used those
practises even in the time of Pericles and before.
Why pick on the Romans particularly? '

N° CRUELTY ever reported of the Romans
ever surpassed the treatment of the Athenians
by the victorious Syracusans; the Persians regu-
larly surpassed them in savage brutality; the
Assyrians were a byword for cruelty. Indeed, no
ancient people ever treated an enemy with gentle-
ness so far as I know. The Hebrews were as bad as
the worst in this respect—read Judges and Chron-
icles. Their very entrance into the Promised Land
is one bloody record of the utter extermination of
the previous inhabitants. Cruelty? Militarism?
You can’t beat the Hebrews for that. Nor could
the Romans ever surpass the militarism of Sparta,
of Athens, of Persia—except that they had better
success, thanks to that discipline which Mr. Mundy
concedes them. Rome was no more a destroyer
than any other pre-Christian empire—or some
Christian ones. In art, it is true, they imitated
first the Etruscans and then the Greeks; but they
imitated both darned well—as the early Japanese
artists imitated the Chinese.

V^HY pick on the Classics? Does Mr. Mundy
mean to say that “we owe nine-tenths of the
false philosophy and the mercenary imperialism
that has brought the world to its present state of
perplexity and distress” to the study in our schools
of such writers as Virgil, Horace, the great natural-
ist Pliny, the gentle, humane Pliny Secundus,
Seneca, Cicero (noble philosophers if the world has
ever had any), Lucretius (who anticipated Darwin
in his philosophy of evolution), and the historians
Sallust, Livy, and Tacitus? Does he ignore the
fact that many of the Christian Fathers derived
much of their inspiration from the Roman Classics?

  Yes, certain Roman provincial governors sys-
tematically looted their trusts of everything fine and

precious they could lay their hands on; but balance
against the avaricious Verres the gentle Cicero who
prosecuted him; balance the well-loved governor
Sertorius against the plundering of Syria; balance
Caesar’s own reformation of the provincial govern-
ments against the charges laid against him. And
the fact emerges that, during the greater part of
Rome’s empire her provinces and colonies were so
well governed that they would have counted it a
calamity to be free from Rome. Britain herself,
when Rome abandoned her, wailed piteously for her
yoke to be restored; and the Britons came to regard
Rome as the well-beloved mother, to whose defense
against the barbarians they voluntarily contributed
a legion of their own best and bravest, though the
Saxon was beating at the door.

  The extinction of Rome by the Germanic bar-
barians plunged the European world into darkness
for centuries. The remains of Roman law alone
made possible the erection of stable kingdoms; and
at the end of the Middle Ages the rediscovery of the
best of Roman and Greek literature flooded Europe
with a new tide of humane learning.

A NOTHER word about Csesar. It apparently
didn’t occur to Mr. Mundy to ask why he
conquered Gaul, and invaded Germany and Britain.
When he went to Cisalpine Gaul (already Roman—
made so in a series of campaigns to save Rome itself
from Gallic invasion), he found the Helvetii about
to pour in from the Alps and menace Rome with
a new tide of conquest. To save Italy he had to
trounce the Helvetii; and from then on he was
forced to extend Roman sway over all Transalpine
Gaul, lest the Gauls themselves invade Italy, forced
from their own homes by a threatening flood of
German immigration. He invaded Germany to
teach the Germans that it wasn’t safe to try to dis-
member the Roman empire. Had he not tackled
them when he did, Rome would have been German
within a hundred years. He succeeded so well that
he prolonged Rome’s life for at least three centu-
ries. He made his attempt on Britain because the
southern Britons were perpetually giving aid and
comfort to the rebellious Gauls. All in all, he, and
he alone, saved Italy from being swamped by a
semi-barbaric flood of merciless enemies.

[ CAN’T quit without assailing Mr. Mundy’s
most vulnerable point. He says there is plenty
of information from ancient British, Welsh, and
Irish sources to refute much of what Caesar writes.
Giving Mr. Mundy full credit for the sincerity which
always characterizes his writings, I rise to say that
this statement shows him to be absolutely misin-
formed. There does not exist one shred of British,
Welsh or Irish writing of any age or genuineness
which touches on Caesar in the remotest degree. No
Old Irish or British document so much as mentions
his life or conquests. The earliest document touch-
ing Romans in relation to Britain and written by a
Briton is the work of Gildas (6th century A. D.),
and Gildas not only calls himself a Roman citizen
but lustily bawls out all Britons who have forgotten
their faith to Rome. And this a century after the
Romans had given the Briton up—after the fall of
Rome itself!

   The Welsh are the descendants of those Britons
who sought refuge in Wales from the Saxons. They
have no writings which criticise or refute Caesar. No
Irish, Welsh or British writing, nor even tradition,
The Camp-Fire

175

so much as verges on a criticism or denial of any-
thing he ever wrote. I wonder if Mr. Mundy has by
any chance been misled by the 12th century History
of the Britons by Geoffrey of Monmouth? Geoffrey
does handle Caesar very severely. But it must be
remembered that Geoffrey was a faker of the first
water, so esteemed by his own contemporaries as
well as by modern scholars. Giraldus Cambrensis
has exposed him prettily. Geoffrey didn’t know
any history except what he got from Roman writers
anyway; and he faked that, in his desire to make
out the Britons as older than the Romans. He
foisted on the world that bum old legend of the
establishment of the kingdom of Britain by Brut,
who was supposed to be a descendant of /Eneas in
more direct line that the Romans. It’s all poppy-
cock.

HpO SUM up: in almost all essentials I hold Mr.

    Mundy blinded by prejudice; and it seems
plain that he has got his material in a very one-
sided way, ignoring all the evidence in Caesar’s
favor, and accepting as gospel all the billingsgate
of Cassar’s enemies. In his reaction to the blind
following of Caesar’s own statements, he has run
full-tilt into the opposite extreme.—Arthur G.
Brodeur.

PROFESSOR BRODEUR’S letter did
not reach us in time to be sent to Mr.
Mundy along with the other letters called
forth by his original expression of opinion.
So Mr. Mundy’s following letter is a re-
ply to all the others but, of course, not a
reply to Professor Brodeur’s. There is no
attempt to cite book and verse in detail,
but you’ll remember that in his answer to
Arthur D. Howden Smith Mr. Mundy
cited them in abundance, giving evidence
that his opinions had been formed only
after wide research and a weighing of much
evidence.

  Later, if he cares to do so, he should be
given opportunity to answer Professor
Brodeur in rebuttal.

  As to whether Mr. Mundy’s estimate of
Caesai has been proved unsound I am not
prepared to say. I neither endorsed nor
combatted it in the beginning and all that
I’ve since learned about Csesar only con-
vinces me the more that it’s rash to venture
any final opinion on such a matter without
far more research than I’m in a position to
give. But again, as in the beginning, I
thank Mr. Mundy for having jolted me out
of my unthinking rut. He made me stop
accepting without thought or question the
usual conception of a character in history.
Perhaps that usual conception is correct,
perhaps not. Julius Caesar himself is no
important issue in my life, but I’m glad that
Mr. Mundy’s iconoclastic views have made

me change from a sheep-like acceptance of
other people’s views to an open mind. Some
of you, as these letters have shown, were in
no need of being jolted into thinking for
themselves, but others were and I hope
that, like me, they got the jolt and are glad
they did.

 Open-mindedness and tolerance—these
are of more value than the mere facts about

Caesar.

Point Loma, California.

  There are some redoubtable antagonists to answer,
some of whom have chosen to spread this discussion
of Julius Caesar and Rome over such a wide field
that it is utterly impossible to compress a detailed
answer within the pages of one magazine. On my
shelves there are at least two hundred thousand
pages of Roman history, some of them in remark-
ably small type. Professor Gibbon required a
number of volumes in which to unfold his theory of
Rome’s decline and fall; and it is not likely that the
editor would let me write any such essay for Camp-
Fire. I am obliged to have to say, then, to begin
with that my statements are based on intensive
study of classical as well as modern authors, and
that I have devoted all my spare time for several
weeks in going over notes in order to be able to
define my argument clearly, but there won’t be
much room to give chapter and verse.

'T'HE first point I would like to make is this: that
although, because far more than fifty per cent
of the world’s inhabitants are decent fellows, some
of us are able to enjoy a qualified contentment,
nevertheless there are not many who pretend that
the world is in a reasonably decent state. It surely
might be better managed, and there must be a
reason why it is not better managed. I attribute
the blame very largely to the greatly exaggerated
estimate of the value of Rome’s civilization that has
been drilled into generation after generation for
centuries.

  There are two things that I hate with all my
heart. The first is standardized opinion, cut and
dried and handed out to us by those who do not be-
lieve in encouraging independent thought. The
second (which is like unto it!) is that attitude of
mind which summons the mob to come and help
murder any one who dares to form opinions of his
own. There are all sorts of gradations of both those
mental habits, nearly all of which are quite uncon-
sciously acquired and practised; and the most
worth while thing, but the most difficult thing in the
world, is to break away from them.

(~)NE or two other axioms: the world is much
older than Rome, and in the history of the
world, viewed largely, the Roman empire is only an
episode. To quote George Bernard Shaw, “He who
only knows the official side of a controversy knows
less than nothing about it.” We must not pretend
to ourselves that human nature has changed very
much in a couple of thousand years, or that those
who wrote the histories of Rome for wealthy patrons
were reliable—were any more reliable, that is, than
the biographers of modem personages, or than the
gentlemen who wrote our war-time news. We have
a full right to select the evidence, accepting this,
176

Adventure

rejecting that, and to use our own recent history as a
guide to what is likely and what is utterly im-
probable.

  Like most people, I was raised under the Roman
influence; that is to say, I received what was
humorously described as a classical education, and
the text-books from which I was taught, and the
teachers who distributed reward and punishment,
agreed to inculcate the doctrine that Rome’s empire
was a good thing for the world and admirable as a
whole if damnable in detail. We schoolboys had no
more will or inclination to break loose from that in-
struction than a sheep has will to break loose from
its fold or a horse from its stable.

  It should be borne in mind that for centuries the
education of the western world was mainly, when
not entirely, in the hands of the inheritors of Roman
tradition; that governments have regarded Rome as
the fountain of law (which she was not; Rome
learned her law from Greece in B.C. 449) and hare
consequently regarded Rome as the first parent of
their own exceeding wisdom, yet without so often
demonstrating wisdom as to excite our veneration;
and that for many centuries Rome has claimed to be
the fountain-head of Christianity, a fact which has
had an enormous influence on our mental attitude
toward anything that has any bearing on Rome it-
self. I am not going to touch on the religious ques-
tion beyond thus briefly drawing attention to that
one phase of it.

  The purpose of the Roman empire was to make
life comfortable for the Romans and to keep other
people out of mischief. It is the tendency of all
governments to destroy liberty in order to make
their own task easier; and if the end should justify
the means, then all we need to consider is Rome’s
end, and for that we may look around us. Here, to-
day, is the net result of Roman theories—war, mis-
trust, rancor, suspicion, hatred, misgovemment,
and a world not half so civilized as China was two
thousand years ago.

  I do not believe that even the most glorious end
can justify abominable means; and Rome’s end was,
and is, inglorious. Nor do I believe that bad means
can accomplish a good end in any instance; and it
was looking for causes of present conditions that led
me to study Rome’s history, to compare it as far as
possible with the history of other nations, and to try
to estimate Rome’s influence as an element in
modem problems.

  Rome from the beginning was a robber, in a state
of almost constant war with all her neighbors. Her
early civilization was certainly not higher than that
of the Teuts was later on, at the time when they
overran Rome. Up to and including the time of
Julius Caesar there is nothing bad enough that can
be said of Rome, of her civilization, her morals, her
social conditions, her dealings with other nations,
her lawlessness, greed and hypocrisy. The point
can not be argued; it is enough to read the histories
written by Romans themselves who desired to paint
a favorable picture of their city.

WE ARE asked to believe that Julius Caesar
suddenly was bom out of the blue (he, per-
sonally claimed descent from the goddess Venus),
and that by winning the votes of the vilest mob that
the world of that day knew and setting forth to con-
quer and plunder all the hitherto unconquered na-
tions within reach, he changed that mob into world-
saviors! Rome, which could not manage her own

affairs, and which permitted Caesar to be murdered
by as cowardly and corrupt a gang of politicians as
ever disgraced a nations’s record, suddenly became
wise enough and fit to manage the affairs of the
whole of Europe;

  The fact, I believe, is that she established prin-
ciples of misrule from which the United States and
all other countries in the world are suffering today.

  Julius Csesar was undoubtedly the greatest soldier
of his day. He found the surrounding peoples weak
and took advantage of his opportunity. The Gauls,
for instance, whose civilization must have been
enormously superior to Rome’s, were at the end of a
cycle of activity, at war among themselves and
possessed of no capable general who could command
a united army. They derived their civilization
from ancient Egypt (see, for instance, “Wales, her
Origins, Struggles and Later History, Institu-
tions and Manners, By Gilbert Stone. Harper.)
Caesar, doubtless with the same motives that in-
duced our Mr. Creel to slander the Germans, and
induced the Germans to describe ourselves as sav-
ages, recorded every instance he could find of Gaul-
ish turpitude and denied them credit for any super-
ior civilization. Nevertheless, we are again asked
to believe (by those who believe Caesar) that these
same uncivilized Gauls absorbed the glorious Roman
civilization and surpassed it in a generation: We
find in the reign of Augustus that the Gauls were
already living better in every way than the Romans,
and that Romans were being taught by them.

  A people’s ability to forge ahead in response to
energy injected from abroad is in proportion to the
recentness and height of its own past civilization.
When civilization touches an inferior race it usually
kills it out. Rome went to school to Virgil (whose
name is Gaulish) and to Seneca, Quintilian and
many others from the conquered “barbarian” prov-
inces. Can you imagine Roosevelt going to school
to a Redskin, or Cecil Rhodes to a Hottentot?

  Actually, Rome herself never became civilized, in
the sense that she originated any of the arts; she im-
ported all her culture from the conquered provinces,
thoroughly despised it, patronized it as the nouveaux
riches invariably do, and in the end was swamped
because she could not understand it.

^ FAVORITE argument used by most of my op-
ponents is that the world was rotten at that
time and that Rome made the best of the situation;
that yes, Rome was a robber and exploiter, but so
was everybody else; that Rome’s method was un-
doubtedly outrageous, but that she gave the world
good government.

  Did she? Or did the world achieve good govern-
ment in spite of Rome? And was that government
so good? Remember: art, music, medicine, science,
philosophy, everything worth while had vanished
from the earth after three or four hundred years of
Rome’s predominance. Inculcated adult docility
can not rightly be called good government, unless
your standard of perfection is the stable.

  I do not believe for one minute, after reading
everything I can find in Julius Caesar’s favor, that
he visualized the Roman empire. He was a soldier,
and he proved himself able to defeat all comers, in-
tellectually as well as on the field of battle; he was a
man of titanic energy, who went mad, believing
himself to be a god, and who died in the midst of
preparations to invade India by way of Persia, with
a view to surpassing the exploits of Alexander.
The Camp-Fire

177

QCTAVIAN (Augustus) was a man of a to tally-
different character. Caesar had left the
known world practically conquered and Augustus
spent a long life busily perfecting the machine that
should control the world. He appears to have
labored honestly and with prodigious genius; and if
not he, then later emperors undoubtedly did imag-
ine and produce an empire in which every man re-
garded himself as a Roman.

  But what did they mean by Roman? With the
exception of Augustus, the emperors who produced
the condition we are asked to praise were them-
selves not Romans; neither were the ablest men
whom they employed. Rome itself was an un-
healthy city, which even Julius Cassar contemplated
abandoning for Alexandria; and the empire was called
Roman for centuries after Rome’s decay, when
Roman blood had died out or had become so mixed
as to be hardly traceable. They meant they had
accepted Rome’s theory of government, her method
and her ideals. What did those amount to?

J-JERE is an extract from Tacitus’ Life of Agri-
cola, quoting the speech of the British chieftan
Calgacus, on the eve of a battle after eight years’
resistance to Roman arms: (Remember: Tacitus
was a Roman.)

  “These plunderers of the world, after exhausting
the land by their devastations—stimulated by avar-
ice, if their enemy be rich; by ambition, if poor; un-
satiated by the East and by the West; the only
people who behold wealth and indigence with equal
avidity. To ravage, to slaughter, to usurp under
false titles, they call empire; and where they make
a desert they call it peace. Our children and rela-
tions—are torn away from us by levies to serve in
foreign lands. Our wives and sisters—are polluted
under names of friendship and hospitality. Our
estates and possessions are consumed in tributes;
our grain in contributions. Even our bodies are
worn down amidst stripes and insults in clearing
woods and draining marshes. Acquiring renown
from our discords and dissensions, they convert the
faults of their enemies to the glory of their own
army; an army compounded of the most different
nations, which success alone has kept together.”
(The omissions are made to save space. In full, the
text is even stronger.)

  And here is the gist of Agricola’s address to the
Roman troops on the eve of the same battle:

  “It is now the eighth year, my fellow soldiers, in
which, under the high auspices of the Roman empire,
by your valor and perseverence you have been con-
quering Britain. We have proceeded beyond the
limits of former commanders and former armies.
We have arms in our hands, and in these we have
everything. The bravest of the Britons have long
since fallen: the remaining number consists solely of
the cowardly and the spiritless Close a struggle of
fifty years with one great day; and convince your
countrymen that to the army ought not to be im-
puted either the protraction of the war or the causes
of the rebellion.”

  We know what we all had to say about Abdul
Hamid when he proposed to settle the Armenian
question by abolishing the Armenians. I myself
can remember some stinging remarks addressed to
me personally in reference to the conduct of the
British army in South Africa. But it seems it was a
Roman who invented the delightful theory that men
who resist invasion by all means in their power for

  12

fifty years, are cowards and spiritless: Neverthe-
less, Agricola was one of the Romans whose memory
I was taught at school to cherish, and there are
actually hundreds of learned professors who have
written books to prove among other things that
Agricola’s campaign was a blessing to Britain.

and that brings us to another angle of the argu-
ment. Several correspondents have made the
point, that the Gauls, after tasting rebellion in A.D.
70, decided to adhere to Rome. But it must be
borne in mind that Caesar had trounced Gaul
thoroughly a hundred years before, and that after
him Augustus had imposed the Roman system and
reorganized society. In the result, the Gauls had be-
come incapable of self-rule. The same applies to the
Britons, and to any other people Rome had con-
quered—just as it applies today to India, Cuba the
Philippines, Egypt, Algeria or any other country
that has been absorbed and exploited on the Roman
pattern. The alternative to Roman rule was a
period of protracted anarchy. And just as in India
today the native princes and all those who derive
income and authority from the British system are
pro-British, and most of the wealthier merchants
dread the thought of the anarchy that would in-
evitably follow the overthrow of British rule, so it
was in Gaul and in all the other conquered Roman
provinces. It was the curse of the Roman system
that, while it strove to unite the world under one
rule, and more or less accomplished that, it reduced
it to one dead-level of mediocrity and deprived its
members of ability to rule themselves.

  Pleasure in living, progress, civilization, consist
in differences—not similarities—of opinion, habit,
manners, aims. But our schools are patterned on
Rome’s method, our politics are fashioned on Rome’s
principle. Might, either in the shape of a victorious
army or an organized mob yelling catch words, is
right. And “vae victis!”

  The average number of men of noble character is
probably fairly constant all down the ages. Rome
seems to have had at least her average proportion,
and was favored, I think, with more than the aver-
age number of rulers of great ability. Augustus,
Tiberius, the Antonines, for instance, were men of
great talent, breadth of view and constancy of pur-
pose. They were able to draw from the whole
known world for their lieutenants, and if their prin-
ciple had been sound it is likely that Rome’s heyday
would have lasted longer.

NTOTHING seems more obvious to one who
reads comparative history than that energy
moves in cycles, raising first one people, then an-
other. Rome’s rise was probably inevitable, and it
well may be that the condition of all other nations at
that time was, from a standpoint of energy, inferior
to Rome’s. But Rome had been psychologized by
Julius Caesar, who was deified as a sort of conquering
god; and though she had the strength to subdue
Europe, just as, for instance, England had the
strength to subdue India, and Spain the Philippines,
she had not the imagination necessary to encourage,
or enforce, that liberty of thought and independence
of view that are necessary to the progress of the
world.

  The course of England in India is an extremely in-
teresting parallel. (There are others nearer home,
but it is always easier to see faults farther off.) It
may be that India was ripe for conquest and that if
i78

Adventure

the British had not defeated the French India, would
have become a French possession—just as the
Gauls might have fallen to the Teuts if Rome had
not stepped in. But the point is, that England has
exactly copied Rome’s mistake by making India ap-
parently incapable of self-government, forever de-
pendent on foreign troops to keep the peace within
her own borders and on foreign officials to prevent
corruption, by trying to make the Indians think
they are members of the British empire and by im-
posing on India systems of education and trade that
are totally foreign to her genius. She has provided
roads, and peace within India’s borders. She has
administered India much more honestly than Rome
ever administered a conquered country, and she has
not permitted slavery in the form of legal ownership
of the person. But because Britons were all edu-
cated in the Roman tradition, she has never had the
wit to see that liberty and independance are the
things which should be forced on to a backward
nation-—not obedience and dependence.

V/f OST of us like slavery and dependence in one
form or another, although it is frightfully bad
for us. And today, as a result of the Roman tra-
dition, we are all trying to legislate ourselves into
kingdom come and to devolve responsibility upon
some form of central government, whose duty shall
be to take the blame for everything and absolve us
individuals from the necessity of thinking or of
doing anything except amuse ourselves and say
“yes, ma’am” to the rigid opinion of the day.

  It is not nearly so important to discover that
Caesar was personally vicious as well as brilliant, or
that Rome was unscrupulous as well as energetic, as
to realize that Rome’s first principles were rotten—
with the result that her ablest men, though they
strove like titans to resist the tide, could do nothing
for the world’s eventual progress. Europe was
swamped under Rome’s decay because Rome had
taught false principles and had enforced them.

A/fR. JAMES HATHAWAY remarks that the
Roman legion was no more hard boiled than
any other body of men would have been under simi-
lar conditions. That is probably true. But when
he goes on to say that the women of the plundered
country don’t object, he reminds me of the Cornish
fisherman who used to take me sailing when I was a
boy. I found him, one day, skinning a live conger-
eel, and I suggested that anyhow he might kill the
eel first. He shifted his pipe to the other corner of
his mouth, looked tolerantly scornful, said “Lot’
bless ye, boy, he likes it!” —and went on skinning.
But just as his was a decent old fisherman’s point
of view, so is Mr. Hathaway’s an experienced sold-
ier’s, and I can differ from Mr. Hathaway without
imputing anything but kindly motives to him. I
don’t doubt he and I could swap some interesting
yams.

  Another man writes that he will skip my stories
in future because I have taken an opposite view to
his regarding Rome and Caesar. I forgive him, on
condition that he will read up Roman history and
form his own opinions at first hand. I would much
rather set you all thinking than have you all agree
with me. I surely do enjoy a man who has a stout
opinion based on real investigation of the facts.

  Hugh Pendexter writes, wondering whether
Caesar really was such a great general after all. I
know Hugh, and the State of Maine, a lot too well

to argue with him. When Hugh makes that sort
of suggestion it means he has facts up his sleeve and
is trying to inveigle me into taking the other side.
So Hugh wins, until I get time to study strategy—
and even so, I’m afraid he would study it more
quickly and blind me with science. No, Hugh,
nothing doing. I won’t be drawn.

  Mr. H. G. Patterson seems to me to hit one nail
on the head when he suggests that, however right I
may or may not be about Caesar and Rome—“if we
go to our children with all our doubts, various views
and contradictions, they would not get started on
any history.” I lean toward Shaw’s view of it,
however. Shaw suggests, with his usual clarified
vehemence, that the soundest teaching by the ablest
schoolmaster is -worth nothing unless the ablest
available opponent of that teaching shall receive an
equal hearing, thus encouraging the youngster to
form independent judgment after hearing both
sides. (When I went to school I was cruelly pun-
ished if I dared to form a judgment of my own.)

  And there is an alternative to teaching Roman
history. How about comparative history? Why
not study the Chinese, Indians and Phenicians, all of
whom had a civilization vastly higher than Rome’s?
Giles’ “Gems of Chinese Literature” is a much bet-
ter book than anything the Romans have be-
queathed to us.

  The Roman empire was conducted on principles
diametrically opposite to^those taught by all of the
world’s really great philosophers. So, if Roman
history must be taught in schools, why not teach it
in such manner as to point out that the secret of all
progress is in thinking by the individual and results
from individual effort, or whether in painting, music,
sculpture, writing, medicine, surgery, science, in
fact, in anything except slavery. Rome special-
ized in slavery. She made it as picturesque,
efficient and commercially profitable as it could be
made. And Rome fell. So will we, if we continue
in her footsteps.—Talbot Mundy.

WELL, Mr. Mundy certainly doesn’t
dodge trouble. He has the temerity
to end up by comparing the civilizations of
China, India and Phenicia with that of
Rome! The nerve of it! Whoever heard of
such a thing? And he even dares to say
that the civilizations of such countries as
those were superior to Rome’s!

  That is likely to be the general reaction to
such a comparison, but let us of Camp-Fire
be a little less hasty and a little more toler-
ant. Suppose that, before we either dis-
agree or agree with Mr. Mundy, we first
of all ask ourselves whether we really know
sufficient about all these civilizations to
support a final opinion of our own. And
second that we ask ourselves to just what
extent we can prove that our sources of in-
formation are reliable and sufficiently nu-
merous. And third, how thoroughly have
we weighed, analyzed, compared, challenged
and reasoned about our information and its
sources?
The Camp-Fire

179

  Personally, though I know a little about
each of those civilizations, I realize I’d be a
fool to attempt proving any one of them bet-
ter than the other. The best I can do is to
know I don’t know, to be wide open to more
testimony and to refuse steadfastly to ac-
cept anybody’s verdict until I can hear all
available testimony and try to reason out a
conclusion of my own. But some of you
are far better equipped to pass judgment
than I. I’ve an idea there are not many
people in the world who know those four
civilizations with sufficient thoroughness to
compare them with any real intelligence,
but there are quite a number among us who
are pretty well versed on one or more of
these three other civilizations Mr. Mundy
mentions. Harold Lamb, for example, can
tell us quite a little about China that most
of us don’t know. Won’t some of you who
know start the ball rolling with surveys of
one or more of these civilizations? Let’s
not call it an argument but an examination
—the object being to find out the truth, not
the rather empty accomplishment of prov-
ing any given theory sound or unsound.—
A. S. H.

A BRIEF word from Albert Wil-
--v. (Mr liam Stone in connection with his
story in this issue. Camp-Fire
always likes to know just how
much actual historical fact lies back of our
stories.

Denver, Colorado.

  It is a story of the old Southwest, about sixty
years ago, when the old Western Cattle Trail was
infested with hostile Indians and life was pictur-
esquely uncertain for the cowmen. I think you will
find it pretty accurate where accuracy is essential,
as I spent a lot of time looking up facts. Joe Loving
and another pioneer cowman actually stood off a
band of Comanches in a buffalo wallow, somewhere
around 1856.—Albert W. Stone.

THERE goes the finger-print
system! At least there go the
present methods of using it and
the far-reaching dependence
hitherto attached to it. A letter from E. E.
Harriman of “A. A.” and our writers’ bri-
gade. I carefully omit, from his letter to
me, the detailed description of his method
of transferring finger-prints. It’s certainly
ingenious but not the kind of information to
broadcast.

  For a long time fingerprints have been held abso-
lute proof of identity. If a man were arrested for a

crime and his fingerprints were found upon any-
thing at the scene of the crime he was cooked.

pOR twenty years my friend Milton Carlson,
handwriting expert, has claimed that this was
unjust. Consistently he has insisted that there
must at least be proof of opportunity. The ac-
cused must have been in the vicinity beyond ques-
tion. Police detectives scoffed.

  The chief of detectives in Los Angeles was James
Hosick. James held with Sir E. R. Henry of Scot-
land Yard as to the finality of fingerprint evidence.
Milton Carlson went to see Hosick.

  They argued. Then Milton said goodby and
offered his hand, with a laugh, saying they would
not quarrel over it. Hosick shook hands.

  A week later came Milton Carlson, solemn as an
owl, frowning and serious. He took Hosick to task
for entering his office and ransacking his files. He
said those files were private, valuable and not to be
meddled with. Hosick got mad, swore, claimed he
had never seen the files in question. Carlson
wagged an unbelieving head.

  “Then how the —— did your fingerprints get on
this revolver, which is kept in those files and has
never been out of the office since I bought it two
years ago, until now?”

  Jim Hosick studied the gun. Four detectives ex-
amined it. They got the fingerprint card of Hosick
from the files. The bothered and puzzled chief swore
he never saw the gun or touched it before, but ac-
knowledged the prints were his own.

  “You are right, Hosick,” said Carlson. “I took
your prints when I shook hands with you the last
time I was here. I transferred them to the gun,
thumb on left side, index finger on right. Do I
win?”

A GAIN Carlson went to Valdez, Alaska, to help
defend a young man charged with burglary.
Bloody prints on a -broken light of glass had been
asserted to be his. In open court all the Government-
called experts swore there could be no mistake, as
they had found eleven homologous characteristics in
the blood prints, corresponding to the finger of
Virgil Rich. Then Milton Carlson went on the
stand.

  Before he got through with the case he had
proved that one fingerprint shown in the book by
Sir E. R. Henry, acknowledged father of the present
system of fingerprint evidence gathering, held four-
teen homologous characteristics corresponding to
those offered in evidence. Since the print in the
book was taken from a prisoner more than forty
years old at the time and the time was ten years
prior to the act for which Virgil Rich, aged twenty-
four, was on trial, the claims of the experts were
upset and Virgil Rich acquitted.

“TT IS not enough to discover points that classify,”
says the expert who faces a world of experts.
“It is necessary to discover a few that positively
identify. The fingerprint experts of today are in-
fatuated with classification, rather than identifi-
cation.”

  So my friend has given to the world something
new. Others are on the same tack now, but I
happen to know that Carlson was the one who pio-
neered in this line. It is enough to make one wonder
how many men may have been punished for the
crimes of others.
i8o

Adventure

  One man has been acquitted in Australia already,
because of the evidence offered in that court at
Valdez, by Carlson. The jury said in effect that
there must be corroborative evidence. One man
was executed in America, after half a dozen repu-
table men had testified under oath to his presence in
a distant town at the time the crime was committed.

  I have seen forged fingerprints in blood on three
cheap butcher-knives, all done by Carlson for

demonstration. He proved forgery in the -

case.

  Milton Carlson showed me his transferred prints,
without telling me how it was done. At once my
mind cut a caper and I knew how I could do it. At
the Adventurers’ Club dinner I told Milt I could
lift a print off almost anything and place it on an-
other object and he said he was willing to swap
modus operandi with me. Then he said my method
was one that had never occurred to him, but would
surely work perfectly.—E. E. Harriman.

IN THE contents page of a past
issue we characterized “Stum-
micks,” by L. Paul, as a story of
the Great Lakes instead of the
New England coast. A stupid blunder on
our part that should be pointed out lest the
author be considered guilty of having tide-
rips and other odd things working on the
Great Lakes.

A PERSONAL letter, not meant
for publication, so in printing it I
give no clue to the writer’s name.
I couldn’t bring myself not to
pass it on to the rest of you.

Brooklyn, New York.

  I regret I have not the honor to be one of those old
deep water captains of sailing-ship days, although I
hold a master’s license which unfortunately I shall
never use on this dot in the cosmic universe.

A/T Y EXPERIENCES in sail were gained during
ten years before the mast on board lofty ships
six times around Cape Horn before I reached my
twentieth year. That was a long, very long time
ago. Sometimes memory takes me gently in hand
and leads me back to the Utopian days of youth,
health and strength when this old world was a great
toy bestowed by an Infinite Intelligence to compen-
sate those in whom dwelt the restless spirit of adven-
ture. Not lonesome days, to be sure, those days of
close friendships and comradeships, cemented by
joint ownership of preferred stock in hardships off
Cape “Stiff” and rolling weeks running the easting
down. Common stock - in pleasant trade winds,
tropical sunlight and morning watches with wet
decks warm to bare feet and the aroma of coffee and
fried bacon in the air. Wild nights ashore, nights of
sensuous and regretful delights in which the less
than commonplace was changed into an Arabian
Nights environment by the magic of mind, trans-
forming and concentrating into one wild hour the
sacred essence of a life of years.

TT SEEMS weird as one recalls it that, when sea-
men threw their dunnage into a forecastle and
met for the first time on earth, they subconsciously
recognized each other as brothers; bestowed and an-
swered to improvised nicknames, told of their girls
and heeded respectfully the “Look here, young fel-
low” of the oldest man among them. To one not
familiar with them it would appear they had all met
before and knew each other well and long. At the
end of a voyage, while they took their parting drink
as they bid each other farewell (in most cases an
eternal farewell, as they rarely met again on earth),
they silently felt, deep in their souls, that somewhere
or somehow in the natural course of events they
would meet again. Consequently, their farewells
were optimistic, seldom sentimental or sad. Let us
hope they right gladly meet again—somewhere.

  An English poet once said that Heaven is Love,
Friendship and Comradeship; while Hell is loneli-
ness and lack of all these. It would seem that the
lower Hell is the lonesomeness of a great city. To
overcome it I read the poets and among them
Bill Adams’ prose and poems of the sea. Even his
prose is poetry which can emanate only from the
great heart of a true man passing loud singing down
the sea. He is a voice from the voiceless who have
passed unheard; whose inner joys and sorrows re-
main untold and unrevealed until one inspired ap-
pears chanting their sagas—the sagas of the silent
ones who have gone before—B. C. D.

 A LETTER concerning jujutsu,
wrestling and boxing from one of
our own professional wrestlers.
Mr. Thorne has been wrestling
instructor at University of Michigan, De-
troit Junior College and College of Detroit
and has made a close study of jujutsu as
well as of western wrestling.

Detroit, Michigan.

  I am very interested in the discussion on jujutsu.
After a long life or wrestling, study and experiment
I have formed opinions that may differ from many
others on the merits of this art. I have wrestled
professionally some fifteen years, meeting Gotch,
Zbysko, Lewis and hundreds of other wrestlers, also
for many years challenging all comers among local
strong men, in country districts and towns. I have
made a long study of all kinds of wrestling and a
close study of judo or jujutsu.

rpHERE is probably no art or sport about which
so little is really known by the average person
and so many wild theories reported as the system
of Japanese wrestling and self-defense.

  Judo, or familiarly known as jujutsu, incorrectly
called jujitsu, is an art combining several branches
of training—physical culture, abdominal control and
a wonderful system of defensive and offensive grips
and releases. Many persons have the conviction
that any Japanese wrestler has but to touch the most
herculean Westerner and so bring him crashing to
the ground, paralyzed and helpless. On the other
hand many otherwise well versed athletes sneer at
jujutsu and think they could handle with ease any
Jap alive.

  Both these beliefs are far wrong and have been
proved so time and again. American wrestlers have
The Camp-Fire

181

defeated time and again Japanese experts while now
and then some famous jujutsu expert will gain a vic-
tory over a western wrestler, but only when his op-
ponent is clad in judo wrestling dress.

    TO the far^stretched system of supposed nerve
and muscle secrets, these are mostly greatly
exaggerated. Surgeons and anatomists know that
there are no exposed nerves or muscles that can be
lightly struck, twisted or handled in any way to
produce paralysis death, or even unconsciousness.
True, there are the sharp, hard blows of a fighter on
the jaw, a blow to the heart and the neck chop.
These actions are,, however, known to most every
one and fail many times.

  American wrestlers who spend a lifetime in active
wrestling and know every worth while hold, laugh at
the supposed esoteric secrets, death-locks and un-
revealed paralyzing combinations.

  A famous American light-heavy-weight champion
wrestler, Edward Santel, beat the best jujutsu men
on a visit to Japan some few years ago.

  Judo is wonderful against the average man, but so
also are catch-as-catch-can and boxing. There are
certain fairly sensitive nerves under the ears, in the
jaws, in the elbows, wrists and other parts of the
body, but try working holds there on a trained wrest-
ler of any European style and he will laugh at you.

HpHERE are many grades in the Japanese' wres-
tling system (and jujutsu is wrestling) and also
many schools in Japan that teach the art. The
grades run from (shodan) or first, (nidan) or second,
(sandan), third (yodan) fourth, (godan) fifth, (roku-
dan) sixth, and last the (shichidan) seventh and
master.

  The word or ideograph “ju” of jujutsu means to
obey or submit, and the rest means art or science.
Judo has the same ideograph, while the “do” means
a road or way.

  Sumo wrestling in Japan is engaged in by big fat
giants called sumi-tori. Hitachiyama, their greatest
champion, visited America some years ago but re-
fused to wrestle the American champion, Frank
Gotch.

'T'HOUGII writers for some reason will not place
in their adventure stories champion wrestlers,
yet we find tale after tale of a fighter, licked with
ease by some captain or most any one who picks a
quarrel with him. Try it in real life. The same
goes for even a fair professional wrestler (who, I
think, is the real man-handier). Try to handle him
and the bucko-mate, the tough guy, the hard-hitting
heroes, would think they had struck a fighting go-
rilla. This is not exaggerated, as in mixed matches
between crack boxers and wrestlers, the wrestler has
won with ease every time.

  Any fair wrestler can snap an arm, leg, wrist or
even a neck, but in matches he does not push his
holds but makes his opponent give up through pain
or get a fall.

  Wrestling is the oldest sport in the world and
though it has been hurt by many fixed matches, yet
it has thousands of followers all over the world.

  In my own opinion I consider George Hacken-
schmidt the greatest wrestler that ever lived and
what he would have done as a stowaway under a
bucko-mate or adventuring in any other place would
have been a story in itself. One of the strongest
men in the world; quick as chain-lightning and a

past master at wrestling and handling big opponents,
he would have caused a fearful scarcity of heroes if
he played the bad man and a like dearth if he was
against the latter.—Clifford Thorne.

A WORD as to the fat gentleman
in actual life whose avoirdupois
KgiilfT suggested the avoirdupois of one
of the characters in Fred F.
Fleischer’s story in this issue:

San Francisco.

  The Pasha of Mostar was in 1907 still remembered
as Abu Sharwal, the father of wide trousers, and I
have heard people sg.y that he was so fat that he
could not cross the old Roman bridge across the
Narenta River—he simply did not fit and could
not get over the narrow arch. It must have been
a very funny sight to see him on horseback and I
believe he had to ride a percheron or a raw-boned
Pomeranian horse to carry hftn. With the excep-
tion of the fact that the horse was not an Arabian,
the story is truth and I have repeated it as Bogdan
told me. I wish I could remember more about the
doings of Bosnian gypsies, they are a tribe within a
tribe, but I have forgotten and there is no liter-
ature bearing even remotely on this subject—
Fleischer.

        WOULD that the anti-weapon
r_v /Mr _ campaigners and other cure-it-
with-a law fanatics could be made
to take so broad and understand-
ing a view of matters:

Moundsville, West Virginia.

  It is a great pity that our people cannot learn the
view of Montesquieu that it may in rare cases be
well to change a law or, in extreme cases, to make a
new law, but that this should always be done, as he
puts it, “with a trembling hand.” The consequences
of a law can never be foreseen and are often con-
trary to the intent of the law. So true is this that
one historian has written, “No legal enactment ever
benefited commerce unless it was the repeal of laws
passed with the intent to benefit commerce.” I
quote from memory and the phraseology may be in-
exact but the meaning is correctly given.

  One meaning which might profitably be applied to
all intended reform laws is the question, how much
harm are we going to do in order to effect the pro-
posed good?—L. S. Hughes.

SERVICES TO OUR READERS

  Lost Trails, for finding missing
relatives and friends, runs in alter-
nate issues from “Old Songs That
Men Have Sung.”

 Old Songs That Men Have
Sung, a section of “Ask Adventure,”
runs in alternate issues from “Lost Trails.”

  Camp-Fire Stations: explanation in the second
and third issues of each month. Full list in second
issue of each month.

  Various Practical Services to Any Reader:
Free Identification Card in eleven languages
(metal, 25 cents); Mail Address and Forwarding
Service; Back Issues Exchanged; Camp-Fire
Buttons, etc., runs in the last issue of each month.

tm.
VARIOUS PRACTICAL SERVICES

TO ANY READER

These services of Adventure, mostly free, are open to any one.

They involve much time, work and expense on our part, but we ask in return
only that you read and observe the simple rules, thus saving needless
delay and trouble for us. The whole spirit of the magazine is one of friendliness.
No formality between editors and readers. Whenever we can help we’re ready
and willing to try. Remember: Magazines are made up ahead of time.
Allow for two or three months between sending and publication.

Identification Cards

  Free to any reader. Just send us (i) your name and ad-
dress, (2) name and address of party to be notified, (3) a
stamped and self-addressed return envelope.

  Each card bears this inscription, printed in English,
French, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Dutch, Italian,
Arabic, Chinese, Russian and Japanese:

  “In case of death or serious emergency to bearer, address
serial number of this card, care of Adventure, New York,
stating full particulars, and friends will be notified.”

  In our office, under each serial number, will be registered
the name of bearer and of one or two friends, with per-
manent address of each. No name appears on the card.
Letters will be forwarded to friend, unopened by us. Names
and addresses treated as confidential. We assume no other
obligations. Cards not for business identification. Cards
furnished free provided stamped and addressed envelope ac-
companies application. We reserve the right to use our
own discretion in all matters pertaining to these cards.

  Metal Cards—For twenty-five cents we will send you
post-paid, the same card In aluminum composition, perfo-
rated at each end. Enclose a self-addressed return enve-
lope, but no postage. Twenty-five cents covers every-
thing. Give same data as for pasteboard cards. Holders
of pasteboard cards can be registered under both paste-
board and metal cards if desired, but old numbers can not
be duplicated on metal cards. If you no longer wish your
old card, destroy It carefully and notify us, to avoid con-
fusion and possible false alarms to your friends registered
under that card.

  A moment's thought will show the value of this system
of card-identification for any one, whether in civilization or
out of It. Remember to furnish stamped and addressed
envelope and to give in full the names and addresses of self
and friend or friends when applying.

  If check or money order is sent, please make It out to
the Rldgway Company, not to any Individual.

Expeditions and Employment

  While we should like to be of aid In these matters, expe-
rience has shown that it is not practicable.

Missing Friends or Relatives

(See Lost Trails in next issue.)

Back Issues of Adventure

WILL BUY: October, 1914; and February and May, T91S
issues at $1 each.—Address Rudolph R. Krebs, 4°5 West
Milwaukee Avenue, Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.

WILL BUY: July 30, 1922 issue. State your price.--
Address Frank J. Curran, 16 Pomander Walk, New York
City.

WILL BUY: August 3, 1920 issue. Who can supply it?-—
Address H. S. Auerbach, Auerbach Company, Salt Lake
City, Utah.

WILL SELL: Issues from 1918 to 1923, inclusive, except
May 1920. $10—Address Edward F. Mendosch, 42°4
33rd St., Cincinnati, Ohio.

WILL SELL: Issues from 1914 to 1925, inclusive except
for 16 numbers. 240 numbers including Vols. VIII. to L.
with 44 duplicates—Address Luis A. Barker, 40 Umversity
Place, Brookline, Mass.

Manuscripts

  Glad to look at any manuscripts. We have no “regular
staff” of writers. A welcome for new writers. It is not
necessary to write asking to submit your work.

  When submitting a manuscript, if you write a letter con-
cerning it, enclose it with the manuscript; do not send it
under separate cover. Enclose stamped and addressed
envelope for return. All manuscripts should be type-
written double-spaced, with wide margins, not rolled, name
and address on first page. We assume no risk for manu-
scripts or illustrations submitted, but use all due care while
they are in our hands. Payment on acceptance.

  We want only clean stories. Sex, morbid, “problem,”
psychological and supernatural stories barred. Use almost
no fact-articles. Can not furnish or suggest collaborators.
Use fiction of almost any length; under 3.000 welcomed.

Camp-Fire Stations

  Our Camp-Fire is extending its Stations aH
over the world. Any one belongs who wishes
to. Any member desiring to meet those who
are still hitting the trails may maintain a
Station in his home or shop where wanderers
may call and receive such hospitality as the
Keeper wishes to offer. The only requirements are that
the Station display the regular sign, provide a box for mail
to be called for and keep the regular register book and
maintain his Station In good repute. Otherwise Keepers
run their Stations to suit themselves and are not responsible
to this magazine or representative of It. List of Stations
and further details are published In the Camp-Fire in the
second issue of each month. Address letters regarding
stations to Lawrence Jordan.

Camp-Fire Buttons

  To be worn on lapel of coat by members of
Camp-Fire—any one belongs who wishes to.
Enameled in dark colors representing earth, sea
and sky, and bears the numeral 71—the sum of
the letters of the word Camp-Fire valued ac-
cording to position in the alphabet. Very small
and inconspicuous. Designed to indicate the common
Interest which is the only requisite for membership In
Camp-Fire and to enable members to recognize each other
when they meet In far places or at home. Twenty-five
cents, post-paid, anywhere

  When sending for the button enclose a strong, self-
addressed, unstamped envelope.

  If check or money order Is sent, please make It out to
the Ridgway Company, not to any individual.

Mail Address and Forwarding Service

"■ This office, assuming no responsibility, will be glad to act
as a forwarding address for Its readers or to hold mall till
called for, provided necessary postage Is supplied.

Addresses

  Camp-Fire—Any one belongs who wishes to.

  Rifle Clubs—Address Nat. Rifle Ass’n of America, 1108
Woodward Bldg., Washington, D. C.

  (See also under "Standing Information" In "Ask Adven-
ture")
    ■i1 * A Free Question and
Ifo* Answer Service Bu-
reau of Information
on Outdoor Life and
Activities Everywhere and Upon
the Various Commodities Required
Therein. Conducted for Adventure
Magazine by Our Staff of Experts.

QUESTIONS should be sent, not to this office, but direct to the expert in charge of the section in whose
field it falls. So that service may be as prompt as possible, he will answer you by mail direct. But
he will also send to us a copy of each question and answer, and from these we shall select those of most
general interest and publish them each issue in this department, thus making it itself an exceedingly valu-
able standing source of practical information. Unless otherwise requested inquirer’s name and town are
printed with question; street numbers not given.

  When you ask for general information on a given district or subject the expert may give you some valuable
general pointers and refer you to books or to local or special sources of information.

  Our experts will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters
pertaining to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor
the magazine assumes any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.
These experts have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an eye to their
integrity and reliability. We have emphatically assured each of them that his advice or information is not
to be affected in any way by whether a given commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

1.	Service free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not
   attached, are enclosed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will
   please enclose International Reply Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and
   exchangeable for stamps of any country in the International Postal Union. Be sure
   that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.

2.	Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for chances
   to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but
   only if they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It
   is in no sense an employment bureau.

4.	Make your questions definite and specific. State exactly your wants, qualifications
   and intentions. Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

5.	Send no question until you have read very carefully the exact ground covered by
   the particular expert in whose section it seems to belong.

  Please Note: To avoid using so much needed
  space each issue for standing matter and to gain
  more space for the actual meat of “Ask Ad-
  venture” the full statement of its various sec-
  tions and of “Lost Trails” will be given only in
  alternate issues. In other issues only the bare
  names of the sections will be given, inquirers to
  get exact fields covered and names and addresses
  from full statement in alternate issues. Do not
  write to the magazine, but to the editors of the
  sections at their home addresses.

  1—3.	The Sea. In Three Parts

  4—6.	Islands and Coasts. In Three Parts

  7, 8.	New Zealand and the South Sea Islands.
          Two Parts

  9.	Australia and Tasmania

  10.	Malaysia, Sumatra and Java

  11.	New Guinea

  12, 13.	Philippine and Hawaiian Islands

13—18.	Asia. In Five Parts

19—26.	Africa. In Eight Parts

In

  27, 28.
  29—34.
  35—37.

38.

39—11.

42—50.

       51.

       52.
  53—58.
  59—63.
  64—73.

    A.

     B.

     C.

 D 1-3.
 E.
 F, G.
 H—J.
 K.

 L.
 M.
 N.
 O. P.

Turkey and Asia Minor
Europe. In Six Parts
South America. In Three Parts
Central America.

Mexico. In Three Parts
Canada. In Nine Parts
Alaska

Baffinland and Greenland
Western U. S. In Six Parts
Middle Western U. S. In Five Parts
Eastern U. S. In Ten Parts
Radio

Mining and Prospecting
Old Songs That Men Have Sung
Weapons, Past and Present. In Three Parts
Salt and Fresh Water Fishing'

Forestry intheU.S.andT ropical Forestry
Aviation, Army and Navy Matters
American Anthropology North of Panama
Canal
First Aid on the Trail
Health-Building Outdoors
Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and .Canada
Herpetology and Entomology
Standing Information

183
Adventure

Bow Wood

     A LITTLE known species of timber
from Argentina, which could be used
instead of hickory:

  Request:—“Can you tell me whether a Brazilian
wood called Pao d’arco; which is I presume “bow
wood” in Portuguese, is exported to the United
States and whether it goes by any other name?

  Can you tell me the names of some importers of
tropical woods where the “h-bove wood might be
secured or other tropical wood suitable for bows?”—
J. M. Armstrong, St. Paul, Minn.

  Reply, by Mr. Barbour:—Pao d’arco, or bow
wood, is of the genus Tecoma, and is the same or
similar species as lapacho, found in northern Argen-
tina and Paraguay, where it is used for wagon spokes
and similar purposes.

  The wood is very hard and strong, about as heavy
as water, of a dark yellowish brown color. It is
easily recognizable from the fact that it contains
a powdery yellow substance called lapachol, which
is very apparent on a freshly sawn surface.

  This wood is not imported into the United States,
though I believe it could be for uses to which hickory
is now put.

  Mr. Alvarez, the manager of the Brazilian
Mining and Timber Company, of 25 Beaver Street,
can, I believe, have some sent up for you with other
woods which he imports. If you mention my name
when you write him I am sure that he will do what
he can to oblige you.

  There are a number of tropical woods suited by
their strength and elasticity for bow-making.
Among them are bethabara, black palm, etc. Manu-
facturers of fishing rods might be able to tell you
where they could be bought.

    Names and addresses of department
  editors and the exact field covered by
  each section are given in the next
  issue of the magazine. Do NOT
  write to the magazine itself.

Illusion Shows in Papeete

     THE natives are crazy about merry-
/ go-rounds, but they like anything
that happens in a tent:

  Request:—“I have an illusion show, which I have
been operating on carnivals in this country. I be-
lieve it would go good through the Islands, and as I
have long wanted to make the trip, have concluded
that it would be a good scheme to combine business
with pleasure.

  I have a really wonderful show and it is of a nature
that should appeal especially to the native popula-
tion. My present plan is to stop at Honolulu first,
then Pago Pago, then Apia Samona, and next Pa-
peete, and would like to be in Papeete for the cele-
bration during week of July 14th—Bastile Week I
believe they call it.

  Can you put me in touch with some one in charge
of arrangements?

  Is it possible to ge boat connections for Papeete

at either Pago Pago or Apia or must one ship direct
from here?

  Are accomodations expensive?

   Is English or French tiie most spoken.

   I use cabbage in one of my illusion acts: Can I se-
cure it in Papeete?

  Any other information as to the best means of
getting to Papeete, and also as to my chances there
with my show will be greatly appreciated.

  There are four people in my organization and I
show in a tent or could use an empty store building.”
—M. Flanagan, Los Angeles, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Charles Brown:—I am of the
opinion that your show would go great in Papeete
during the Bastille week. I do not think Tahiti has
ever had an illusion show.

  You have planned your itinerary quite well—
Honolulu, Pago Pago, Apia, Papeete. You cannot
make a direct run from Samoa to Tahita, however.
It will be necessary to run down to New Zealand
and catch a Union Steamship Company steamer for
Tahiti.

  Write to George Spitz, Papeete, Tahiti, Society
Islands, for information pertaining to carnival week.
Mr. Spitz, who is one of the councilmen of Papeete,
is always on one or more of the Bastille week com-
mittees.

  You should be able to buy plenty of cabbage in
Papeete, for the Chinese are growing the stuff in
their hillside truck gardens. About an empty store
to show in. Well, if you carry a tent, most likely
you will show in it. Another thing. To the native
a tent is a mysterious thing, and he’ll be more than
anxious to get inside. Too bad you are not carrying

a merry-go-round outfit; a native will go to -,

dragging the spirits of his father’s fathers along with
him, for a ride on a merry-go-round. The last outfit
that came through, several years ago, cleaned up a
young fortune.

  French and Tahitian are the official languages;
but English is pretty well spoken and understood
just the same. Your living expenses per person will
amount to $1.50—$2.00 a day.

   Of course you could make Papeete your first show-
ing place. After which you would work over to
Australia in order to make the run to Samoa. Per-
haps you could catch a small schooner out of Rara-
tonga, over in the Cook Islands, next door to Tahiti.
I do not know for certain about this.

Indian Arrow-Heads

     CLASSIFYING the stone weapons
of the aboriginal tribes is a compli-
cated piece of work:

  Request:—“I have about a half bushel of Indian
Arrow-heads, Spear-heads, Axes, (and skinning
knives?) found in the localities mentioned below,
and wish to find out something about them so I can
mount the best of them in some systematic or intel-
ligent way. These stones vary in size from J/2 inch
long to 6 inches and are in many different shapes and
sizes.

  Can you give me any information regarding:—

   (1)	What tribes of Indians lived in the following
localities—

   (a)	What is now Ashe, and Boone Counties, N. C.,
and S. W. Virginia.

  (b)	What is now Agusta, Bath, and Highland
Counties, Va.
Ask Adventure

185

  (2)	Did the aboriginal tribes make stone arrow-
heads for different purposes, such as—one type or
size for warfare, another for big game, another for
small game, birds, etc., etc.?

  (3)	Did different tribes make different types of
arrow-heads, the shape of which would be more or
less characteristic of that tribe?

  (4)	What books are available which describe the
customs, habits, industries, arms and implements of
these tribes, and to how much detail do they go into
matter which would answer the above questions?

  A propos of Indian relics; I found in Ashe County,
N. C., what I believe to be an unusual find, i. e.—a
place where Indians had a regular quarry for getting
out soapstone bowls or “pots,” and saw the remnants
of a number of these “pots” which had been found
by the local mountaineers, and secured one fairly
good specimen. On one outcrop of soapstone (or
pot-stone as often called by the mountaineers), I
found where over thirty “pots” had been chipped
out of the solid stone. (I had to strip from 6 inches
to two feet of earth from over the stone to find most
of them). Of particular interest was one bowl or
pot which was partly finished but still connected to
the bed rock, being only partially undercut. I
enclose three kodak pictures of the ‘quarry.’ ”—
H. H. Hutchinson, Buchanan, Va.

  Reply, by Mr. Woodward:—Pardon the delay in
answering your most interesting letter, but you’ll
compree when I tell you that I have been shifting
from Coast to Coast and have been unable to get at
my reference books until now.

  Answering query number one. The Cherokee
tribe roamed the territory now covered by North
Carolina and southwest Virginia down into South
Carolina, northern Georgia and eastern Tennessee.

  Yes, aboriginal tribes did make different arrow
points for war and hunting but they were not always
triballv characteristic. Stone implements (unless
definitely associated with the people of a certain
area) are difficult articles to assign with any degree
of definiteness to any one tribe.

  For example, I have seen delicate leaf-shaped
arrow points from the New England states which
were identical with similar heads picked up in Ar-
kansas and in California. Often the tribe inhabit-
ing a certain territory manufactured its weapons of
the stone or other material best fitted to their needs
and their neighbors having other materials made use
of them in like manner. Then the two gens would
trade and so the points would become hopelessly
interchanged and only by knowing of the original
nature of the materials used in the separate sections
are we able to distinguish between the artifacts.

  Dr. Clark Wissler, Curator of Anthropology in the
American Museum of Natural History, New York,
commenting on the difficult task of identifying stone
arrow points says in his section on “Types of Arti-
facts” in his work, “The American Indian,” page 118

  “By paying minute regard to size, secondary form
and materials, it has been possible to draw some dis-
tinctions between arrow-heads from different parts
of the two continents, but such study has not ad-
vanced to a point where a summary can be made.
The fact is that the difficulties of observing consis-
tent distinctions are so great as to be discouraging.”

  So you see how difficult a definite placement of an
artifact is, unless we know just where it was found,
of what material it is made, and we know what
tribes inhabited that section of country.

  Your knives and lance-heads will be difficult to
tell apart from arrow-heads, the only difference be-
ing in size. Stone drills and scrapers are often mis-
taken for arrow-heads. The common shapes of
arrow-heads are the flat based semi-rounding point,
the head with a small shank and rounding shoulders
and the notched base type. Of course there are end-
less variations in these types which it will be needless
to enumerate.

  As' a rule, bird arrows or small game shafts were
seldom tipped with stone or other cutting material.
Generally a rounded bone or antler point was used
or else the shaft was hardened in the fire. This was
done to keep the flesh or plumage from being bruised
and cut.

Y\/AR arrows were serrated as a rule and the
heads set loosely in the socket of the shaft
with sinew which loosened with blood and left the
head in the wound when the arrow was pulled out.
Ordinary hunting arrows were generally without
notches along the edge and were set tight in the shaft
Points of deer and elk antler were used by some
tribes in preference to stone. Such heads had great
power of penetration and would not shatter against
bones as would the more brittle stone points, but
would drill through rib or shoulder blade like a mod-
ern sharp pointed rifle bullet. Many desert dwellers
used cane shafts with hard wood for shafts with
minute points. I have one of these points which is
as small as my index finger nail yet is sharp as glass.
Such a head set in a hard wood fore shaft would be
capable of doing great execution. As a rule, the
Indians on coming into contact with the whites gave
over their native points of stone, antler, bone and
wood and made their arrow-heads of iron, copper,
brass and tin.

  That will give you a general idea of arrow heads
in use among the various tribes.

  Answering your fourth question I would refer you
to the Hand Book of the American Indian, Vols. 1
and 2, for further information regarding customs,
habits, weapons, etc., of the various tribes. The
info therein is concise, reliable and easily obtained
from the nearest large library. To read up on the
Cherokees, get hold of The Fifth Annual Report of,
the Bureau of Ethnology, Smithsonian Institution,
Washington, D. C.

  Regarding your steatite or soapstone quarry.
Soapstone was quarried by the aboriginal tribes of
this continent from the Appalachian highland of
Georgia to New York and in the west, particularly
in California. Being of such a degree of softness
that made chipping or fracturing by alternate heat-
ing and dousing with water, unnecessary, the steatite
was chiseled and cut out with stone and bone imple-
ments. Your photos show a typical soapstone
quarry.

  Other quarries were in flint, copper, alum, tur-
quoise, coal (for ornaments and dyes), catlinite,
cinnabar, mica, salt, ocher, chert and other flakable
stones.

  These quarries were worked extensively and thou-
sands of tools, and implements and household uten-
sils were the result. At times, for some unknown
reason, caches of roughly shaped artifacts taken
from these quarries were buried by the makers. In
one cache alone, unearthed in Maryland I believe,
there were four thousand discoidal objects of chipped
flint. Similar large caches of lance heads and knives
have also been discovered by archaeologists.
Adventure

   Well, I hope in these few pages I have been able
to give you some idea of the working of flint arti-
facts. It is an endless subject and would require
many more pages than I am able to devote to it to
tell in detail the processes of stone implement manu-
facture. The Hand Book will tell you all that.

  Come again some time.

   P. S. I notice in answering question one I over-
looked a portion of your query regarding mounting
of specimens.

  Sort them according to size and shape. Deter-
mine as best you can which are knives, which are
lance-heads, drills, arrow-heads, etc. Forms one
half inch to two inches in length may fairly safely be
classed as arrow-heads. Make a card noting place
found, material used and give each specimen a
number. Heads may be wired to cards or boards
covered with dark cloth and placed in case. Mu-
seum collectors laugh at the fanciful arrangements
of “Indian heads,” “arrow-heads,” “fleur-de-lis” and
other shapes outline with so much care by the
amateur collectors. Learn something about your
specimens and the people who made them and go
about the thing in a systematic way, just as you
would if you were running a line with the “gun”
for some big project. “Blue print work” and a
savvy of your subject is as essential in collecting as
a knowledge of triangulation and use of a transit is in
your own line.

  Address your question direct to the
expert in charge, NOT to the magazine.

  Gold-Hunting in Alaska

IT’S a particularly strenuous trip to
the Kantishna, but there is still some
gold there. And some silver, too:

  Request:—“My partner and myself are planning
a four month’s trip into the Kantishna river district
of Alaska. Will start about the first of September
and will spend the time hunting and prospecting.
We have very little knowledge of prospecting or the
geology of the country and would appreciate any in-
formation you can give us on the following:

   1—What	kind of an outfit will we need for such a
trip, in equipment, clothes and food? (We will
ascend to the headwaters of the Kantishna by canoe
and will only take the barest necessities.)

  2—What	minerals may we expect to find in that
district a.nd how should we proceed to find them?

  3—How	should the claim be filed, worked, or
marketed?

  4—General	geology necessary for prospector.”—
Clifford C. Macklin, Omaha, Neb.

  Reply, by Mr. Victor Shaw:—You are certainly
planning some strenuous trip, if you are going to the
Kantishna. I suppose you plan to enter via Nenana
on the Yukon, and from Anchorage up the Gov’t
R. R. The placers on the upper Kantishna River
were mostly dredging operations in 1920, the last
year in which Gov’t reports were compiled. At
that time, there were about 1200 oz. of gold recovered
valued at about $25,000. The ground averaged
around SI per cu. yd. There were about 20 mines
working, the largest output coming from Glenn
Creek; the next in order were Eureka, Moose, Little
Moose, and Wickersham. There has been quite a

bit of galen found which carries silver; but the placer
of that section axe not considered rich.

  There are several sourdoughs here who have been
in that section since 1920. They tell me that there
is little prospecting there now. They say the old *
properties are idle and deserted.

TF YOU go in, I’d advise you to keep to the west

  when ascending the river. Pass the branch com-
ing in from Lake Minchumina, and then keep bear-
ing westward up-river. This will take you up to the
west and north of Mt. McKinley, which region is
said to be good prospecting. You’ll find spruce,
poplar and larch timber, with thickets of willow and
alder. Moss covers everything, and most of the
timbe# is along creeks or at the base of the hills.
There is birch also, and much grass. The large ani-
mals include moose, caribou and bear, but they are
rather scarce, for some reason not yet known. Prac-
tically no population, white or Indian, and little or
no hunting. Smaller fur animals are numerous, also
grouse and water fowl. Quite a bit of rain in that
section.

   If you don’t find good ground in there, work west-
erly to the head of the North Fork of the Kusko-
quwim River, which heads to the west of Lake Min-
chumina. Fair placer has been found there and also
at the extreme head of the South Fork, which is
down near the Yentna River.

  The ground around the Tolovana River, which
comes into the Yukon above the Kantishna and on
the north side, is pretty good I am told, up around
Livengood; also at Chatanika, up the Chatanika
River. They lie due north from Fairbanks.

   I enclose a leaflet which will give you a general
idea of outfit, as far as tools go. You’ll need furs for
the winter up there, also dogs if you intend any winter
traveling. You’ll get the proper craft for working
up-river at Nenana. You can tent in summer and
locate a patch of timber and build a solid cabin for
winter, packing in the necessary stove. I wouldn’t
bother taking anything except guns and some heavy
clothing with you; get your outfit up at Nanena.
You haven’t said whether you will go via Yukon
River steamer, or via R. R. In the case of the
steamer, it would perhaps pay you to take most of
your outfit with you. Via steamer, you’d get off at
Tanana and go up that river, past Hot Springs.
There is a tin mine near Hot Springs. The minerals
you find up the Kantishna are gold, silver, lead, cop-
per, gray copper, (or tetra hedrite), so far as is now
known.

   You must file your claims at the nearest land office
probably at Nenana, or Hot Springs. You can take
20 acres of placer, or 1500 x 600 feet on a lode claim.
Better get Wilson’s Mining Laws, $1.50, at your
bookstore, or 340 Wilcox Bldg., Los Angeles, Calif.

If you will also send $1.00 to the latter address for
The Miner’s Guide, it will tell you how to work a
claim. As to marketing, sell your gold to the nearest
gold-buyer.

 What a Yeoman Does

      GOOD pay and excellent opportuni-
ties for promotion make this a desir-
able branch of naval life:

  Request:—“If it would not be too much trouble, I
wish you would assist me in the following:

   Where is it possible to get copies of Naval Regula-
tions?
Ask Adventure

187

  Would also like to locate a book on drills.

  The reason that I am in search of such information
is that in the course of a few months I intend to en-
list as a Yeoman. Anything that you may have in
regards to this branch of service will be greatly ap-
preciated by me.

  Am enclosing an addressed and stamped envelope
for your convenience.”—Joseph Drager, Oshkosh,
Wis.

  Reply, by Lieutenant Greene:—A Naval Yeoman
is a clerk, the duties of the rating are very similar to
those of clerks in civilian life. In addition to these
duties he has stations at various drills that are con-
nected with battle and the safety of the ship, fire,
collision, general quarters, abandon ship, etc. Gen-
eral Quarters mean a station for battle. It is impos-
sible to say in advance just what these stations may
be.

  A Yeoman ranks as a petty officer of 3rd class, 2nd
class, 1st class, Chief acting appointment, Chief per-
manent appointment. The pay of these ratings are:
3rd class $60.00 per month, 2nd class $72.00 per
month, 1st class $84.00 per month, Chief acting ap-
pointment $99.00 per month, Chief permanent ap-
pointment $126.00 per month. These amounts are
base pay for the first four years. To compute the
pay for the second four years add 10% of this base
pay, for the third four add 15%, for the fourth add
20%, and for service after 16 years add 25%. For
instance: base pay of Chief petty officer $126.00, to
compute pay after 16 years service add 25%. 25%
of 126 equals $31.50 plus $126.00 is 157.50 which is
the pay of a Chief after 16 years service.

  Promotion up to the rank of Yeoman 1st class is
fairly fast, depending of course on efficiency and
conduct, of late owing to reductions in the Navy,
men in all ranks have had to wait for a long time to
promotion to Chief, though it is certain to come in
the end. If you wish to stay in the Navy for a long
time promotion to the commissioned officer rank is
open to you, in this case leading through the War-
rant Officer rank of Pay Clerk and from that to En-
sign, the last being a commissioned officer of the
same relative rank as that of 2nd Lieutenant in the
Army. After getting the first commission if one
applies themselves to the business of getting it, there
is nothing to keep them from reaching the highest
rank.

  While a knowledge of shorthand is not required,
it is a very good thing for a yeoman to have skill in,
there are not many yeomen that know anything
about it, and knowing it may lead eventually to ap-
pointment as secretary to an Admiral, this is really
the cream of the jobs that a yeoman can hold and
makes promotion very sure.

  Upon entry into the Navy you will be supplied
with uniforms and other clothing that will give you
a good start, after this you will then have to buy
your own clothes. These can be purchased from
the Navy very much cheaper than you can buy the
same grade of goods ashore.

  There is one thing that I should like to mention
though, if you wish to take a little advice from an
old timer in the outfit. Give it long and serious
thought before you sign a four year contract with
the Navy, and remember that you are going to make
an entire change in the manner of living that you are
used to. It is a very exacting service, the discipline
is very strict, and one has to make good before one
will get anywhere. I mention this not because I

wish to frighten you, but because I have seen many
men go on the rocks; they could not make it go and
landed upon the list of deserters or with an undesir-
able discharge.

pOR my part, I consider the Navy a very good
place. You can depend that they are abso-
lutely on the level in their dealing with the men.
The only formula for getting along there is, try to
learn all you can about the Navy and your own
'work, keep a good conduct sheet and your appear-
ance neat and clean.

  Now about the books that you mention: The
regulations are not available for purchase, but if you
will address the U. S. Naval Institute, Annapolis,
Md., you can get the following official books that
cover the Navy and drills.

  “The Bluejacket’s Manual,” 6th Ed. 518 pages.
Price $1.00

  This covers description of the duties of a Navy
man better than any book that I know of and is writ-
ten by a Naval Officer.

   Other books that cover all the drills of the Navy

are:

“The Boat Book”........................$ .50

“Ship and Gun Drills”.....................50

“The Landing Force Manual”............. 1.00

Order these from the same place.

   If there is anything else that I can advise you on
write and let me know what it is, I will always be
glad to answer.

  When you get something for nothing,
don’t make the other fellozv pay the post-
age on it.

Oil in Colombia

ALSO gold in Guiana. Chances are
good for men with experience on the
Big Ditch:

  Request:—“My brother and I intend to strike out
for Colombia in the near future. We both have
spent several years on the Panama Canal years
ago. We are both forty years of age. He is an A1
machinist and I am an electric light and power man.
We have a stake of several hundred dollars.

  Please give me what information you have avail-
able concerning the oil fields in Colombia, also any
information concerning the gold strike in either
French or British Guiana. I was reading an account
given by an officer of the U. S. Army returning from
the Rio fair of his observations in this placer field
and of the good prospects. I figured on the oil
fields for a while to look around and work for a time
until something materializes. You’ll understand
what I mean. I’m one of the old-timers of the
“ditch,” 1908 to 1914.

  Does the Panama R. R. Line operate a “steerage”
at $30.00 as in the booming days?

  Any information you have will be appreciated. I
am enclosing an addressed envelope for a reply for
which I now thank you in advance.”—Matthew
McDonald.

  Reply, by Mr. Young:—The main oil operations
in Colombia are those of the International Oil Co.,
54 Church St., Toronto, Ont. (This is a Standard Oil
i88

Adventure

subsidiary). They have quite a plant at Barranca
Bermeja up the Magdalena River from Cartagena.
Now and then they ship men down and they might
make you an offer if you told them you had experi-
ence in the tropics and if not they might direct you
to some one who would employ you. The pay is
good and conditions are about like they were on the
big ditch. The Dutch Shell and several other com-
panies are operating in several places, but this is the
best bet. If you want a voluminous account of all
the oil operations in Colombia write Joseph Sinclair,'*
30 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y., and ask him for his
booklet “Oil Development in Colombia.” He and
a friend mapped parts of Colombia and Ecuador for
an oil syndicate and he knows more about it than
any one I know.

  The gold strike in French and British Guiana
seems to be more wind than anything else. There
always has been a bit of gold mined in both coun-
tries but neither has ever compared with Colombia
as a gold producer. Colombia has regularly exported
about a million a month for the past twenty years
and before that many hundreds of millions more.

  Wm. Morlock, now operating a mine at El Borde,
Cauca, Colombia, says that prospects are good in his
neighborhood and he might be a good man to tie
to. He will answer a letter from you if you mention
my name. They are getting it out in a thousand
other places in Colombia also.

  See the Encyclopedia Britannica under heading
Colombia for a good article covering the country in
a general way. Also write Pan American Union,
Washington-, D. C., for their booklet “Colombia.”

 If you don’t want an answer enough to
enclose full return postage to carry it,
you don’t want it.

Hunting in Idaho

     DEER, cougar, bear, lynx, elk,
V3P moose and mountain goat make this
a sportsman’s paradise. There is plenty of
fishing besides, and the scenery is grand:

  Request:—“For years I have spent my vacation
deer hunting in northern California in the Klamath
River District. Have experienced years of good and
bad hunting, but as a whole, after a great deal of
hard work, have been fairly well satisfied.

  New hunters join our crowd and are forever making
comparisons with other hunting grounds. We have
heard much of hunting in Idaho and if our new mem-
ber is not exaggerating, the hunting is far better in
Idaho than at our old stamping grounds. We have
discussed a change, but have been unable to reach a
decision. We desire some authentic information
and also a definite hunting location. Hence, I am
taking advantage of the privilege granted to Adven-
ture Magazine subscribers and putting the problem
up to you.

  To be brief:

  a.	Trip to be made by automobile from San Fran-
cisco in November.

  b.	Must not exceed three weeks.

  c.	Deer and small game hunting desired, but if
possible would like to get into an elk and bear country.

  d.	On account of limited time, do not wish to pack
in. Would much rather, if possible to get good hunt-
ing, make camp with the automobile.

  It appears to me that answers to the following
questions would enable us to reach a decision:

  1.	Do you consider that the hunting is better in
any certain part of Idaho than in the Klamath River
District, California?

  2.	If so, what part?

  3.	Is it possible, in three week’s time, to make a
hunting trip to this location in Idaho from San Fran-
cisco by automobile and have at least ten days hunt-
ing?

  4.	If packing-in is necessary, please, if possible,
advise me of a man from whom horses, etc., could
be procured.

  5.	Please inform me the route to the hunting
grounds from a city or town in Idaho shown on the
map.

  The above information will be greatly appreciated
and I will thank you very much for your trouble.

  If you desire to publish this letter, please do not
print my name.”---, San Francisco, Calif.

  Reply, by Mr. Newman:—In answer to your letter
of the 2nd, inst, I wish to refer you to several coun-
ties in Northern Idaho, as this territory is considered
a hunter’s paradise.

  Boundary County.

  The scenery to be found in this county is the equal
of any in the west. Its snowcapped mountains,
green treed gulches, and snow water creeks are won-
derfully attractive. This county is also a sports-
man’s paradise. The mountains are well denizened
•with cougar, bear, lynx and all kinds of smaller ani-
mals. In fact many people earn their livelihood
during the winter season by trapping within not
more than 10 miles from Bonners Ferry. The
streams and lakes are well-filled with mountain
trout, char, bass, sturgeon, whitefish and ling, and
are being yearly restocked by the hatchery within
30 miles of Bonners Ferry. You go to Bonners
Ferry to get to the Hunting grounds in this county.

  Clearwater County.

  The Bitterroot Mountains are widely known for
their unsurpassed beauty and as a recreation ground
for hunters and fishermen. Hundreds of tourists
and sportsmen visit the county annually.

  The North Fork and its tributaries are among the
best trout streams of the Northwest. Deer, elk,
mountain goat, moose and bear frequent the higher
ranges. Go to Lewiston or Orofino, Idaho, to reach
the hunting grounds in this county.

  Idaho County.

  The vast mountainous county east and south of
Grangeville, Idaho, is a wonderful big game and fish-
ing country, and is the sportsman’s paradise. Those
parties desiring to hunt large game can procure
guides, and supplies at this point with unlimited
wood, water, and horse food throughout the moun-
tain territory.

  Latah County. Go to Moscow.

  This county has some of the finest scenery in the
west, ranging from the lofty timbered mountains in
the east to the rolling prairies in the west. The
swift flowing mountain streams abound in trout.
Big game is found in the timbered regions. Game
birds such as Chinese, Hungarian, timber pheasants,
prairie chickens, grouse, and other game birds afford
good sport to the lover of the great out-doors.

  Referring to your question one, I can not say, as I
have never been in the state of California, but I sug-
gest you hunters try Idaho once, and in the territory
I have described.
Ask Adventure

189

  If you have a good car, and good roads and do not
strike any snow in November, you should be able to
get ten days hunting in Idaho.

  Regarding game license. It is unlawful for any
person to have in his or her possession, any uncased
shotgun or rifle in a field or forest of the state of
Idaho without first having procured a license. The
non-resident big game hunting license in this state
is $25.00; the non-resident bird license is $5.00; and
the non-resident fishing license $3.00. There is
nothing in the law to prohibit any person from carry-
ing sidearms for the protection of life and property.
Additional information can be secured from Mr.
R. E. Thomas, State Game Warden, Boise, Idaho.

  I take pleasure in sending you under separate
cover, a folder map of Blazed Trails in Idaho, give
you the Highways, and if you will refer to back
cover, you can see that you can secure additional
maps of Utah or New Mexico, if you happen to be
traveling these States in your trip.

“Garden of the West Indies”

THE subjoined monograph on the
Bay Islands or Islas de Bahia of
Spanish Honduras has been printed in
leaflet form on hard paper. The leaflet
may be obtained free from the “Ask Ad-
venture” expert responsible for it: namely
Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin,
Los Gatos, California. Don’t expect any
response unless you enclose addressed en-
velop and return postage.

  To the northward of the main land of Spanish
Honduras, in the bay of the same name, there is a
cluster of islands lying nearly parallel to the coast,
at a distance from it of from thirty to fifty miles.
Their names, in the order of their size, are Roatan
(sometimes written Ruatan and Rattan), Guanaja
(or Bonacca), Utilla, Barbaretta,Helena,and Morat.
Dependent upon them are numerous coral islets or
“cays” of small size. These islands have good soil,
fine climate, advantageous position, and some of
them have excellent harbors, rendering them both
valuable and important to that portion of the con-
tinent upon which they are geographically depen-
dent.

  Roatan, the largest of these islands, is about thirty
miles long by nine wide at widest point. Quoting
from various visitors to these islands:

  “It may be considered as a key of the Bay of Hon-
duras, and the focus of the trade of the neighboring
countries.”

  “This beautiful island has an excellent harbor,
easily defended, and is well adapted to the culture of
cotton, coffee, and other tropical products.”

  “The local position of the island seems one of im-
portance in a commercial world, and perhaps in a
political, point of view. It is the only place where
good harbors are found on an extensive and danger-
ous coast.”

  “Its proximity to Central America and Spanish
Honduras seems to point it out as a good depot for
the world’s goods and manufactures, where they
would find a ready market, even in opposition to any
duties placed on them.”

  “Roatan and Bonacca, in consequence of their
fine harbors, good soil, pure air, and great quantities

of animals, fish, and fruits, and commanding ground,
are proverbially known in that part of the world as

the ‘Garden of the West Indies,’ ‘The Key to Span-
ish America,’ and a ‘New Gibraltar.’

  “From their natural strength they might be made
impregnable, being tenable with a very small force.”
“Here are found great quantities of coconuts, wild
figs, and excellent grapes. The forests produce
white oaks and pine-trees fit for masts of merchant
ships. It abounds with deer, wild hogs, Indian rab-
bits, and birds of many species. A constant breeze
from the east cools and tempers the air, and there is
abundance of excellent water.”

  “The island is one beautiful mass of evergreens,
from the shore to the tops of the hills, interspersed
with many coconut gardens; and there are many
patches of coffee, which, although in some parts
abandoned, yet continue to thrive well.”

  “Limestone is the principal formation: there are
also sandstone and quartz and a great deal of coral
on the lower parts. The island seems originally to
have been elevated by a volcanic eruption, and the
lower portions washed up by the subsequent action
of the sea. On the coral formations sand has been
thrown up; then decayed vegetable matter and
seeds, drifted or brought by birds from the conti-
nent and surrounding lands. These, springing up
and decaying, have assisted in forming a beautiful
soil, on which man has at length landed, erected his
dwelling, and has found the land subservient to his
wants, this applit_ to the lower portions of the island
only.”

  So far no minerals have been collected on these
islands.

  “The island has a singularly beautiful appearance
at a distance, as you approach it in a ship. The
mountains rise in a gradual height to the summit of
nine hundred feet, and they seem successively to
follow each other, intersected by valleys, the whole
thickly and most luxuriously wooded. As you draw
near to it, you discover that palm and coconut-trees
encircle the shores, and forest trees of various des-
cription grow on the higher hills. The natural
beauty of its appearance is greatly enhanced when
you cast anchor in one of its many harbors on the
southern side.”

  “In the valleys, alluvial deposits and decayed
vegetable matter form the soil, which is exceedingly
rich and deep. On the mountains and their de-
clivities, a red clay or marl predominates.”

  “A great deal of good and useful timber is found
spontaneously growing on the island, such as Santa
Maria wood, extensively used for ship-building,
three varieties of oak, cedar, Spanish elm, and lance-
wood, and the shores are lined and surrounded with
groves of coconut-trees; a tree which, in administer-
ing to the wants of man, is hardly surpassed in trop-
ical regions.”

  “At present the island produces in abundance
coconuts, plantains, yams, bananas, pine-apples,
etc.; but probably bread-fruit, and vegetables, and
many kinds of fruits and vegetables of the temporate
regions will grow here.”

  “The country is capable of raising all tropical pro-
ductions, such as sugar, coffee, tobacco, etc., which
might become staple commodities of export.”

  “There was found on the island of Roatan, pre-
vious to its being inhabited, a great quantity of deer,
wild hogs, rabbits, parrots, pigeons, and birds of
various descriptions.”

  “In years past, previous to its settlement, men
190

Adventure

from small vessels and fishing boats resorted to this
island for the purpose of supplying themselves with
game.”

  “A great quantity of domestic animals are now
raised; cattle might also be raised.”

  “It seems probable that the islands at some re-
mote period were thickly inhabited by the Indian
race, for in clearing away the land for plantations,
many domestic and culinary utensils have been
found. There is a tradition that the Spaniards (in
accordance with their system of cruelty), on their
first discovery of America, depopulated these islands
of the original people; seizing upon the aborigines,
taking them to the continent to work in the mines,
from whence they never returned.”

A GREAT deal of rain falls in the winter months
    from September to February.

  This has the effect of cooling the air beyond what
is felt in the other parts of the West Indies, and the
breeze tempers the influence of the sun.

  If the people could keep themselves dry and free
from damp, the climate must not only be exceedingly
agreeable, but singularly pure and healthy.

  The dry months are much warmer; the natives,
however, do not complain of the heat; they say that
it is the healthiest portion of the year. The ther-
mometer during January averaged 80 degrees F.

  “Rheumatism is very common, and also a species
of low fever or ague; this latter probably arises from
the land not being sufficiently cleared away, and
from a luxuriant and decaying vegetation; the form-
er malady from constant damp and exposure.”

  The climate is really healthy, not only to those
born in warm latitudes, but also to those of temper-
ate climates, for with proper precautions, they could
not only have health, but live to good old age.

  The population is scattered along the whole sea-
shore of this island, as they find these different loca-
tions more convenient than in the interior. Here
they erect their dwellings, in the midst of their palm
and plantain groves, having their little vessels and
fishing-boats in quiet and sheltered nooks, and con-
vey their produce and seek for their wants by water-
carriage. At Coxen Hole (old name was Port
M’Donald), the greatest numbers are located; it is a
safe and sheltered harbor; yet chance seems to have
directed them, in the first instance, to this spot, as
there are other and better locations for a township.
The mass of the population is composed of the de-
scendants of liberated slaves from Grand Cayman,
and a small portion of the inhabitants are colored
people, also natives of that island, and formerly
slave-owners.

  The dark population, or those who were formerly
slaves, from their physical powers and their habits
of labor from childhood, soon surpassed the white
population in the accumulation of the means of exis-
tence, and are now the most thriving and successful,
if riches be estimated from man’s wants being easily
supplied, and the accumulation of more than he re-
quires, these people are not only wealthy, but in far
better circumstances than many of those who are
relieved from manual labor in other countries.

'T'HE mass of the population is a fine race. They
are strong, active, and athletic, temperate,
quiet, and regular in their habits, not given to excess.

  Their occupation consists in cultivating their
grounds and plantations, fishing, turtling, etc.
Necessity, in all countries and in the first rude ages

of civilization, has been fertile in invention, conse-
quently it is by no means extraordinary to find the
mass of these people familiar with those rude mech-
anical arts of which they stand so much in need.
Every man erects his own dwelling, plants and lays
out his ground; most of them are carpenters, and
some are good rope-makers. They have a knowl-
edge of boat and ship building also the making of
lime, etc., and other useful attainments. Their
dwellings are well and comfortably made.

rJ''HE trade carried on by them in plantains, coco-
nuts, pine-apples, etc., which same trade is
steadily increasing, the articles mentioned are taken
to New Orleans in exchange for lumber, dry and salt
provisions, etc.

  Dixon’s Cove is a good harbor, is about six miles
east of Coxen Hole, and in some respects is a better
harbor, as a ship can run into this harbor and ground
upon the soft mud without injury, for repairs etc.,
and it is big enough so that many ships can find an-
chorag? there.

  Another harbor is Port Royal, which is a larger
basin, but its entrance is very narrow, this being its
drawback, and the land is not so fertile.

  “These harbors are surrounded by reefs of coral;
their channels are narrow, and ought never to be
attempted by strangers; but a local knowledge is
easily obtained. The channels between the reefs
are deep, and show themselves by the blueness of
the water.”

  Any further questions will be answered upon re-
quest.

 A two-cent stamp won’t carry every-
where.

Deep Sea Tales

     HERE’S a list of books that will
appeal to all those who love ships
and the sea:

  Request:—“Did an author named Lubbock write
sea stories? One title I think was ‘Around The
Horn Before The Mast.’ Do not know if this is in
your department. If you know of any real stories
by men who know the sea a list would be appreci-
ated. Thanking you for the courtesy of a reply.”—
James E. Cooper, Washington, D. C.

  Reply, by Mr. Rieseberg:—In answer to your
request in which you inquire as to the author of
“Axound the Horn Before the Mast,” I wish to
advise you that I think this story was written by
Felix Riesenberg, who also wrote “Under Sail.”

  As requested, I am listing below a list of “real”
tales of the sea and ships which have been written
by men who know the sea.

“The Cruise of the Cachalot” Frank Bullen
“Sailing Ships”	E. K. Chatterton

“Marvels of the Ship”	E. K. Chatterton

“Fore and Aft Craft”	E. K. Chatterton

“Out of Gloucester”	James Connelly

“Open Water”	James Connelly

“Two Years Before the Mast” Dana
“Among Our Sailors”	G. W. Jewell

“Where Angels Fear to Tread” Morgan Robertson
“Moby Dick”	Herman Melville

“Lost Ships and Lonely Seas” Ralph Paine
“Fury”	Edmund Goulding
Old Songs That Men Have Sung

   Devoted to outdoor songs, preferably hitherto unprinted—songs of the sea, the lumber-camps.
Great Lakes, the West, old canal days, the negro, mountains, the pioneers, etc. Send in what you have
or find, so that all may share in them.

   Although conducted primarily for the collection and preservation of old songs, the editor wih
give information about modern ones when he can do so and /Fall requests are accompanied with self-
addressed envelop and reply postage (NOT attached). Write to Mr. Gordon direct, NOT to
the magazine.

Conducted by R. W. GORDON, 4 Conant Hall, Cambridge, Mass.

'T'HE following song, “Donald Monroe,” or “Two
Sons of North Britain,” comes to the depart-
ment from Mr. Ray Judy of Seattle, Washington.
It has suffered much in the process of being passed
on for years from singer to singer, but is in better
condition than several other texts that have come
in. I requested Mr. Judy to make no attempt to
“straighten out” the rhymes or the constructions,
and he has sent the text just as he heard it sung.

Of its history he says in part: “My grandfather,
Charles Emerson, was born in Erie, Pennsylvania,
but moved to Canada when a mere child, and, I sup-
pose, learned and sung the song in Ontario, Canada.
He sang it sixty years ago.”

Donald Monroe

Of all the sons of North Britain, those wishing to
     roam,

To seek foreign countries and lands that are strange,

Among the vast number was Donald Monroe,

And he to America was forced to go.

His two sons with his brother was forced to stay,
Because of their passage they could not well pay.

And seven years being over and long passed away,
They went to their uncle one day all alone,

To see if he would grant them, to cross them o’er
    the main,

That they with their parents in plenty might remain.

But their uncle replied them, and answered them,
    “No,

For since you have no money you can not go.”

Their minds being disturbed, no rest could they
    find;

The thoughts of the army still run in their minds.

And walking along till once they had found
A regiment of soldiers for America was bound,

With whom they enlisted, and soon took the main,
In order to see their dear parents again.

But when they had landed in this country so wild,
Surrounded by rebels on every side,

With humble submission the two of them went
To their kind captain to beg of his consent,

To let them up the country, their parents for to see,
With whom their kind captain with them did agree.

On leaving the tent, they took a boy for their guide,
To show them the place where their parents resided.

They were walking along when one of them said,
“Oh, could we but find our dear parents to-day1!

“I’m sure it will surprise them to find us so near
For that of our enlisting they have not yet heard.”

And walking little farther they came to a grove
Where the trees and the bushes all seemed to

   move,—

There being two rebels a-lurking in the woods,

And pointing their pieces where the two brothers
    stood.

And lodging their bullets all into their breast
They ran to their prey like some ravenous beast.

To rob them of their money and strip them of their

    clothes,—

One of them not being dead they gave him some
    blows.

He cried, “Oh, you cruel monsters, you blood-thirsty

    hounds!

How could you have killed us till once we had found?

“It’s of our dearest parents whom we have long
    sought with care,

I’m sure when they hear this they’ll die in despair:

“They left us in Scotland some seven years ago,
Perhaps you may know them; their name is Mon-
roe.”

The old man, being their father, he stood in amaze
His heart filled with sorrow, with grief and surprise.

Crying, “Where shall I wander, this sight to shun?
Oh, curse be my hands, I have murdered my sons!”

“Oh, are you our father?” the young man cried,
“I’m glad that I’ve seen you before that I died.

“Oh, how is dear mother, and is she quite well?

I’m sure when she hears this her poor heart will
    swell!”

“Oh, who is that young man that lies by your side?
What is his name, and where does he reside?”

“It’s my beloved brother and your beloved son;
The loss would have been less had I fallen alone.

“But there is one advice I’ll give you before that I
     die,

It’s leave off rebellion in time and be wise.

“And perhaps we may meet on some happier shore
Where you won’t be able to kill us any more.”

IQI
-

-

192	Adventure

As thus he had spoken, and down dropped his head,
The old man examined him and found he was dead.

He kissed their bodies as cold as the clay
And cursed his misfortunes on that fatal day.

Crying, “Why did I the rebels join to assist in this
    bad cause,

To kill my own children against nature’s laws?

“I’ll grieve out my sorrow, give way to despair,
And burst out my life till death ends my care!”

It’s probable that there exist other versions of
this song still sung by the older generation of men.
I’d like much to obtain such versions, and to know
where, when, and by whom they were sung.

AND who can add more to the following fragment
that came in, the other day, from a correspon-
dent in Montana?

I’m a rambler and a gambler and far from my home,
And those that don’t like me can leave me alone.

I’m a-leaving, a-leaving, a-leaving Cheyenne
With a pack on old Baldy and riding old Dan.

I eat when I’m hungry, I drink when I’m dry,

And if whisky don’t kill me, I’ll live till I die.

Oh, whisky and beer they are nothing to me,

They killed my old Dad, now they can try me.

Go ’way from my window, come in at my door;

I know you drink moonshine, you did once before.

My wife does not worry, my children don’t ball;
I’m as happy as one who keeps bachelor’s hall.

CEND all contributions of old songs, and all ques-
tions about them, direct to R. W. Gordon, 4
Conant Hall, Cambridge, Massachusetts. DO
NOT send them to the magazine.

THE TRAIL AHEAD

AUGUST IOTH ISSUE

  Besides the new serial and the three complete novel-
ettes mentioned on the second contents page of this issue, the next
Adventure will bring you the following stories:

THE BULLFIGHT	Percy Charles C. Chandler

      He hated to see a horse gored.

THE BOLD DRAGOON Conclusion Leonard H. Nason

      Wherein we seek our fortunes overseas.

BREED OF THE WILD GEESE	Frank E. Evans

      They were a laughing, fighting crew, those Dillons.

THE TOKEN OF THE FOREST	Stanton C. Lapham

      The wilderness makes no friends with weaklings.

THE LAST TRAIL	F. St. Mars

      Polecat and rat are enemies to the death.

HATE	David M. Newell

      Fate found it useful in the piney woods.

~ CTITI ~	? THE THREE ISSUES following the next will contain long stories by William

c«titu 1;Byron Mowery, L. Patrick Greene, Romaine H. Lowdermilk, Farnham Bishop,
jARTHERJ W. C. Tuttle, Talbot Mundy, Gordon MacCreagh and Charles Victor Fischer; and
LAHEAD j short stories by L. Paul, John Murray Reynolds, Ralph R. Perry, Wilkeson O’Con-

--—* nell, Bill Adams, E. S. Pladwell, F. St. Mars, Bruce Johns, Raymond S. Spears, Walter

                    J. Cobum, Fairfax Down,ey, Leslie MacFarlane and others; stories about fur pirates
off Siberia, missionaries and traders in Africa, treasure hunters in the American desert, ancient Romans in
the British Isles, Yankee gobs in Guantanamo Bay, cowboy detectives on the Western range, white explorers
up the Amazon, able seamen on the Atlantic, malemiuts on the snow-scourged trails, filibusters in C. A.
 NO CROSS WORDS

or shaving puzzles

  He uses Razorine!

Happy is the man who has learned about Razorine.

It means the end of dull, “pulling” razors; the death of
slow, torturous shaves. For Razorine will quickly
make the dullest razor keen.

Simply rub Razorine over your strop and strop razor in
the usual way. A few strokes is all it takes to bring back
the sharpest edge and make your razor velvety smooth.

Razorine sharpens safety razor blades, too. Just rub it
on the rollers of the stropping machine and crank away!

One cake of Razorine will last two years. It will not
injure strop or blade in any way.

Ask your druggist for Razorine today. Or send 25c
for full-sized cake postpaid.

MARDAN CORPORATION

40 West 13th Street

New York City
This fountain pen is writing

            a new history of achievement

kg	On the crest of an epoch-making popularity, it is

          heralded, not only as a thing, of beauty, but as an
3jx5\	outstanding and needed improvement. Its first great

S) Ef	advantage was a “point of honor,” a remarkable nib

'/A	that is guaranteed to last a lifetime. And now comes

<y	a jewel-like barrel that is practically unbreakable, be-

          cause it is made of radite. Radite! Even the roughest
          usage will not harm it; light it is in weight, with a radi-
          ant elegance all its own. The now far-famed Lifetime
          “is the pen of no repairs.” It is built to endure. Spot
          it by the dot in its field of jade—the white dot. Through
          the edict of a record-making demand this fine writing
          instrument has established a new world leadership.

               Green “Lifetime” for men, $8.75—for women, $7.50. Others, $2.50 and up

                                          At better stores everywhere

            PENS* PENCILS • SKRIP

                            W. A SHEAFFER PEN COMPANY

                                             FORT MADISON, IOWA

Lifetime