
Classics of Weird Literature

Autographed by the Author

By Frank Owen

ACCLAIMED BY CRITICS THROUGHOUT THE WORLD

New York Times: "Fanciful, touched by the super-	Daily Argus Leader, Sioux Falls, S. D.: "This is a

 natural, exotic in thought and coloring. Flowers, poems,	collection to be read, laid down and read again.”

music and jade are interwoven with their themes and	Wilmington Every Evening, Wilmington, Del.: "De-

 the effect is often both quaint and charming.”	serves a place among one’s favorite books.”

 The China Weekly Review, Shanghai, China: "Reveals	Radio Station KDKA, Pittsburgh: "For those who are

 a true sense of gentleness, the heart of a dreamer, a	interested in Chinese literature and traditions, we

 deep sense of rhythm and beauty. He sees China and	believe this book will find a cordial welcome. A very

 the Chinese through misty, naive, sometimes philo-	beautiful book.

sophic eyes.”	The Globe, Toronto, Ont.: "Dealing with curious

, , „ „ „ . , , tt ■■	phases of Chinese life, they are imaginative, colorful

 Honolulu Star-Bulletin, Honolulu, Hawaii: They are	and repkte wkh poetry. For the first of these qualities

strange and glowing tales of an unearthly beauty. eir	likened to some of the creations of Edgar

 scenes are laid in China but they might be anyw ere.	Allan Poe, but even the weirdest of them possess a

 They are essentially a part of the history of those lost	tenderness to which Poe was a stranger.”

lands where Dunsany s heroes live and die magnificently	A . nr a • • r

 and where Walter de la Mare’s dark travelers knock	Ar,zona Republican, Phoenix, Anz.: It is not often

. , _ „ . _____i- i ^ »»	that such a book, as deserving of praise and as full or

vainly at mysterious moonht doors.	rea, Hterary me’h as „The ^ That Tramps the

 Ohio State Journal, Columbus, Ohio: "There is some	World,” comes our way. This sounds like effusiveness,

 weirdness here, some mystery and some tender passages,	but it isn’t. It’s merely giving credit for a real literary

 enough of each to make a superlative ensemble that	achievement. . . . They are masterpieces of a rich
 won for this author a secure place in the field of Far imagination, deep and gripping in their beauty and

East fiction.”	romance.”

SPECIAL AUTOGRAPHED FIRST EDITIONS

Here are some real gems of literature. Poetic and fanci-	I „ i t>

 ful Chinese stories with a real thrill to them. These are j	Micehigan°Ave., Chicago, 111.

stories that deserve to live forever. Their ethereal sweet	I _ . . , „ ° ,

ness will grip you. Both books are special first editions	| E"d°s«d find. Pkase send me an auto-

 autographed by the author. These books are very artis-	I e rst e. ^j00, ° —

tically bound and would make an excellent gift to a j J==J	^ , That Tramps the World

friend or a valuable addition to your own library,	i LJ The Purple Sea

Remember, first edition copies grow more valuable with Name---------------------------------------

the years and when autographed become doubly valu- Address--------------------------------------

able. Order today. Price $1.50 each postpaid.	I City--------------------------State-----------
WEIRD TALES

289

    More marvelous than, the power of the Magician's Wand, is the power that
can be developed in the newly discovered cosmic areas of your own mind.

    You can turn your mental pictures into living, vibrating waves of power
that will reach other minds or attract to your consicousness the creative laws of nature which
bring your mental images and desires into material realization.

A FREE Book for YOU

     The Rosicrucians throughout the world for centuries have been the Master Minds in
developing self-efficiency and self-domination over the obstacles of life. Their secret knowledge
and strange methods have made them admired successes everywhere.

     They are pledged to help others—just as you will gladly share your knowledge and sue- 1
cessful experiences with others. They have prepared a book—new, fascinating, instructive, and
practical—which tells about their helpfulness. It is called “The Light of Egypt”—the land
where White Magic first gave man his power to be masterful. The coupon below will bring it
to you without obligation.

REMEMBER -The true Rosicru-
cians are known as the AMORC all over
the world. One name, one purpose, one
ideal—to help mankind.

LIBRARIAN N. C. Y.

ROSICRUCIAN BROTHERHOOD

             (AMORC)

SAN JOSE,

       CALIFORNIA

FREE BOOK COUPON

 librarian N. O. IT.

 Rosicrucian Order (Amore)

 San Jose, California

Please send me, without obligation, a. copy of "The

 Light of Egypt.”

 Name.

 Address.

W.T.—1
            Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E. Washington Street,
      Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the post office at Indianapolis,
      Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies, 26 cents. Subscription, $2.50 a year in the
      United States, $3.00 a year in Canada. English office: Charles Lavell, 13, Serjeant’s Inn, Fleet
      Street, E. C. 4, London. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts,
      although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this
      magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part
      without permission from the publishers.

            NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers' Chicago
      office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                               FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright, 1930, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for September, 1930

Cover Design--------------------------------------C. C. Senf

            Illustrating a scene in "The Invisible Bond"

Heliodore’s Beads----------------------Marvin Luter Hill 292

            Verse

The Invisible Bond__________________________Arlton Eadie 294

           A strange story of wild horror was told by the man who was picked up
           in a boat off the African coast

The Invading Madness______________________H. F. Scotten 302

           A world gone mad—chaos and insanity broadcast by radio—a startling
           weird-scientific story

Fungi From Yuggoth_____________________H. P. Lovecraft 322

           Verse; decoration by Hugh Rankin

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

 290

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

Another Dracula? (Part 1)_____________Ralph Milne Farley 323

       A two-part serial about the superstitious vampire-terror that held a
       Pennsylvania town in its grip

The House of the Golden Eyes______________Theda Kenyon 337

       The author of the book, "Witches Still Live,” tells an eery tale of were-
       wolves

Guardians of the Guavas_________Charles Henry Mackintosh 345

       A blood-chilling story of the menehunes of Hawaii and a plague of giant
       centipedes

A Visitor From Egypt_____________Frank Belknap Long, Jr. 356

       Wild panic resulted from the visit to the museum of this strange being
       from abroad

The Phantoms of the Fire______________Clark Ashton Smith 363

       Jonas McGillicuddy came back to a flame-swept world as he turned his
       steps homeward

Earthworms of Karma (Conclusion)____________Lon Dexter 367

       A three-part serial story of a trip to Mars and weird adventures on that
       planet

The Flame Fiend___________________________N. J. O’Neail 387

       The tale of a fire elemental that was a ravening monster of destruction

Gesture------------------------Gertrude Macaulay Sutton 393

       A story of a strange psychic experience and a message from the other side
       that got through

The Tree of Life______________________________Paul Ernst 402

       A peculiar story is this, about a tree whose leaves could revivify a corpse

Black Chant Imperial___________________Robert E. Howard 406

       Verse

The Phantom Bus----------------------W. Elwyn Backus 407

       A weird dream that interwove itself with the reality of everyday life—a
       tale of tragedy

Weird Story Reprint:

 Beyond the Door___________________________Paul Suter 411

      A story reprinted from Weird Tales of seven years ago—a hideous ob-
      session that led to death

The Eyrie_____________________________________________ 421

       A chat with the readers

               I'or Advertising Rates in WKIKD TALKS Apply Direct to

WEIRD TALES

Western Advertising Office:	Eastern Advertising; Office:

HARLEY L. WARD, INC., Mgr.	GEORGE W. STEARNS, Mgr.

360 N. Michigan Ave.	Flatiron Building

        Chicago, 111.	New York, N. Tf.

        Phone, Central 6*69	Phone, Algonquin 83X8

281
HELIODORE’S BEADS

            By MARVIN LUTER HILL

                   The beads of crystal talked to me:

                  "We rested there two thousand years
                  About her throat of ivory,

                  And dripping down her breast, like tears—
                  The sweet young breasts of Heliodore,

                   Widi her black tresses weighted o’er.
                   Though dead, she walked upon the shore;
                   We saw her raise her golden eyes
                   To the pale beauty of the skies.

                   "In sleepy dreams, in sleepy dreams,

                We saw her dancing on moonbeams
                Below the carved balustrade.

                   In level light the river swayed—
                   Black-amber, melting into jade.

                  Her breath was sweet with ambergris,

                    Her hair a thick coil of the dusk;

                  Her garments breathed a winy musk,

                  The darkness swooned upon her kiss.

                  And then she would come back, once more,
                  And lie down softly, as before.

                    "The thick years gathered; silence lay
                    Upon us, like an earthy pall;

                 We slept and dreamed the years away—
                 Slept, woke, nor could remember all.

                  We saw her climb the garden wall;

                  Her jeweled fingers made a gleam
                  On the black amber of the stream;

                   We heard the silver paddles fall,

                   As the long boat leaped out; she sent
                   It down to where the low waves went
                   In idle lapping; one was there
                   Who kissed the star-gleams from her eyes,
                   And kissed the jewels from her hair,

                   As the red moon climbed up the skies.

                   "The years were bats, that beat upon
                   The muffled heart and fragile bone;

                  And we dreamed on, and on, and on,

                  And on—until our dreams were stone.*’

202
 Next Month

A group of amazingly fine stories is to appear in the October issue of WEIBD Tales,

on sale September 1.

The House of the Skull

by Arlton Eadie

               Ghastly rites were performed in the green temple behind the
               big house—a weird mystery story of thrills and terrors.

The Druid's Shadow The Portal to Power

by Seabury Quinn	by Greye La Spina

A thrill-tale of Druid sacrifice under the	A thrilling weird serial about a cult of devil-

weird oak trees of Wales—a smashing story	worshippers in a hidden valley in the Rocky

about Jules de Grandin, occultist and ghost-	Mountains—by the author of "Invaders From

breaker.	the Dark.”

The Grave at Goonhilly

by G. G. Pendarves

               A wild and terrible fate befell Donald Harkness as he drove
               his golf ball off the fifth tee—a tale of Valsume the Black
               Magician and the wresting of a man's soul from his body.

 The Silver Curse The Mind-Master
    o£ Yarlik

            by V. K. Kaledin

                                        by Edmond Hamilton

                                                   A powerful, gripping weird-scientific story of
A thrilling weird tale of an old monastery— a scientist who sought to enslave the world to
a gruesome Incident of the war between Po- his ambition,
land and the Soviets.

The Bride Well

by David H. Keller

              A whimsical story of Cecil, the Overlord of Cornwall, and
              how he won his beauteous bride.

These are Borne of the super-excellent stories that will appear in the October issue

of Weied Tales

October Issue on Sale September 1

Subscription Rates: 12.60 a year In U. S. or possessions; Canadian $3.00; Foreign $3.50.
Weird Tales	840 N. Michigan Ave.	Chicago, III.
THE stranger first hove into sight
through the faint, coppery haze
of the African dawn. His craft
was a native dugout canoe, looted, we
subsequently discovered, from one of the
villages on the coast which lay, a line of
pale purple, about four miles off our port
beam. So feeble were his paddle-strokes
against the set of the inshore current that
it was some time before I realized that
he was heading for our ship; it was only
when he stood up waving his tattered
coat that I understood his plight and
rang off the engines to enable a boat to
be lowered.

The West Coast of Africa is not what
you might term a health resort, but I had

    294

never seen such a physical wreck, even
there, as the man who was presently
hoisted over the side of my ship. Fever
he had as a matter of course; he was bad-
ly wounded as well, and bore signs of
privation which seemed to indicate a long
tramp through the bush. Yet his bodily
condition, desperate though it was,
seemed hardly sufficient to account for the
look of agony and horror in his sunken,
bloodshot eyes.

  "Where are you heading for, Cap-
tain?” were his first words as he reached
the deck.

  "Lagos,” I answered, shortly enough,
naturally supposing him to be some
beach-comber down on his luck.
"He intended the bullet for N’Zahgi,
but he must have aimed badly.”

  "Direct?" he asked.

  I shook my head. "We stop at about
a dozen factories on the way down to take
off trade.”

  "I’ll make it worth your while to cut
out the trade and head direct for Lagos,”
the stranger said. "I am Lord Clen-
garth.”

  For a moment I thought the man was
indulging in grim satire. Of course one
meets with some curious examples of hu-
man flotsam on the African seaboard, but

that tattered scarecrow’s claim to be a
member of the British peerage was too
tough to be swallowed offhand.

  "My steam yacht was wrecked in the
Bight some six weeks ago,” he went on.
"She struck an uncharted reef and only
one boat managed to get away. At pres-
ent I think I’m the sole survivor. I’ve
had an awful time in the bush, Captain,

an awful time-”

  Then he cut short the palaver by pitch-
ing forward on the deck-planks in a dead

                                    295
296

WEIRD TALES

faint. We carried him below, and for
the next few days he hovered between
life and death. During his intervals of
consciousness he told me his story, but
not in exactly the same order as here set
down. I had to piece the tale together
from his disjointed utterances, and some
of the details he did not divulge until he
realized that he was not going to pull
through. Here is his story:

1 suppose that, from a theoretical point
of view, every soul on board the Prim-
rose should have been saved [the strang-
er began by stating]. When she struck,
the sea was calm, the glass steady, and
the land within easy rowing distance. If
I had but had the sense to have shipped
white firemen I might have a different
story to tell. It was the lascars who
started the trouble. They swarmed up
from the stokehold the moment they felt
the yacht take the reef, brained the chief
engineer when he attempted to handle
the reversing-gear, and then started in to
loot the ship.

  We had to hold them back with our
revolvers while we got my niece—the
only lady on board—into the lifeboat. It
was well for us that we lost no time in
doing so. Barely had we got two cables’
length from the yacht than the water
reached the undrawn fires, exploding the
boilers and sending her to the bottom
like a stone.

  Kemp, the second mate, who was in
charge, at once put the lifeboat about, but
the only man we picked up was so badly
injured that he died before we reached
the shore. It was while he was being
lifted into the boat that I discovered that
Lady Elna was wounded. One of the
lascars had flung a knife, inflicting a deep
gash in her left shoulder, from which the
blood was pouring. Luckily the ship’s
surgeon, Dr. Tremaine, was in the boat
with us. He at once set about rendering

first aid, but it was clear that an impor-
tant artery had been severed and that the
girl’s condition was grave.

  Poor Elna! The voyage which had end-
ed so tragically had been planned as a
honeymoon trip, for she had but recently
been married to young Sir Leslie Fan-
shaw, who was also among the survivors.

   There were seven of us, all told, in the
lifeboat, the others being: the second
mate Kemp, Dr. Tremaine, myself, a sa-
loon steward named Leon, and the in-
jured seaman, whose name I never learnt.
The craft was by no means overloaded,
and we experienced no difficulty in reach-
ing the shore. After waiting some time
for a "smooth,” Kemp put her head to
the rollers and we flashed through the
broken water toward the beach.

  We had almost reached it, and I was
just about to congratulate myself on a
safe landing, when a sudden shock
seemed to jar every bone in my body.
The boat had struck a submerged mass
of coral, and the force of the impact had
impaled it so firmly on the sharp, up-
standing prongs that the backwash left it
stranded high and dry. We had gained
the shore safely, but the boat was wrecked
beyond repair.

  We carried the now unconscious Elna
above the high-water mark and laid her
down in the shade of a tree, and Kemp
lost no time in making a survey of our
immediate surroundings.

  "There are several threads of smoke
rising above the bush over yonder,” he
announced, staring through his binocu-
lars. "It’s a native village, or at least an
encampment of some sort. We’d better
make for it. The coast natives have the
reputation of being fairly peaceable, but
you never can be sure of ’em. Be on
your guard against treachery, but don’t
shoot except as a last resort.”

  It turned out to be the usual type of
coast village of about a hundred beehive
THE INVISIBLE BOND

297

mud huts, with a larger one—the fetish
hut—standing a little apart. The natives
seemed friendly enough. They brought
us food and gave up two of the huts for
our use. They even carried their good
intentions so far as to summon the local
medicine-man to cure Elna’s wound. Of
course we had not the slightest intention
of allowing him to praaise his hocus-
pocus on her, but I thought it policy to
decline his services in such a way as to
avoid giving offense. These witch-doc-
tors have unlimited influence over their
devotees, even to matters of life and
death, and heaven alone knew how long
we should have to remain there before
we could signal a passing steamer to take
us off.

  The moment I caught sight of the
witch-doctor I could tell that he was of
a different race from the rest of the na-
tives. It is rarely that you meet a Masai
on the coast, but this man, whose name
was N’Zahgi, had evidently been some-
thing of a traveler. According to his own
account he had served on steamships and
had visited Europe more than once, and
he spoke English quite well. It is diffi-
cult to judge the age of a native, but I
estimated that he was about thirty-five;
he was tall and well built, and he evident-
ly possessed unusual bodily strength. On
the whole I was rather favorably im-
pressed by the man, and I felt that we
were lucky in having fallen in with him.
If it had not been for Elna’s wound, my
mind would have been fairly easy. But
her condition grew rapidly worse, until,
two days after our landing, Dr. Tremaine
took me aside and proposed a desperate
expedient.

   "There is only one way of giving your
niece a chance of pulling through,” he
told me, "and that is by performing an
operation which is very rarely practised,
and then only as a last resort. I refer to
the transfusion of blood. Unless the

blood of some healthy person is con-
veyed into the depleted veins of the
wounded girl she must surely die.”
Somewhat surprized, I asked him if
he thought it possible to perform such an
operation.

  "Yes,” was his confident answer, "pro-
vided, of course, that there is someone
willing to give the necessary blood.”

   "If that is your only difficulty, you can
get ready now,” I said. "I will give
mine.”

  But the doctor shook his head.

   "I fear you are rather too old for such
a thing. It doesn’t pay to play tricks
with the vital fluid of a man on the wrong
side of fifty. It would be merely ex-
changing one life for another.”

  "Then how about her husband, Sir
Leslie?” I asked. "He is young enough,
and I know he would volunteer like a
shot.”

  Again the doctor shook his head.

  "Sir Leslie is down with fever and as
weak as a kitten. He is out of the ques-
tion.”

  "Kemp, the second mate, might be
willing,” I suggested.

   "Like yourself, he is far too old.”

  I thought for a moment.

  "Then there only remains the steward,

Leon-”

  "Impossible,” interrupted Dr. Tre-
maine with a shake of his head that was
more decisive than before. "That man
is totally unfit for such a thing.”

  I groaned aloud in my despair.

  "Then the operation can not be per-
formed. Elna must die.”

  In the dead silence which followed my
utterance there came a sound of rustling
among the foliage of the fringe of red
aloes near by; then the leaves parted and
N’Zahgi appeared. For a moment I
stared at him speechlessly; then indigna-
tion took the place of surprize.
298

WEIRD TALES

  "N’Zahgi!” I cried. "You were hid-
ing—listening-”

  "And I overheard every word.” The
Masai drew himself up, fearless and un-
abashed as he made the cool admission.
Then he came a pace nearer and laid his
hand on my arm as he went on earnest-
ly: "But there is no need for the Lady
Elna to die. I, N’Zahgi, will save her!”
In spite of the heaviness of my heart
I laughed aloud.

  "And how do you propose to set
about it?” I cried with bitter sarcasm.
"By muttering your gibberish charms and
sacrificing a chicken or two?”

  "No, white man—by giving my own
blood to save her.”

  "You?” I gasped.

  "Why not?” He asked the question
with a kind of simple dignity. "Although
my skin is black and hers is white, the
blood which flows beneath is the same. My
body is strong—not weakened by fever
like the white man’s. Lady Elna needs
blood—then take of mine as much as
you will. I give it freely that she may
live.”

  My first impulse was to return a def-
inite refusal; every instinct seemed to cry
out against allowing a white girl to have
infused into her veins the blood of a
naked savage. Dir. Tremaine must have
guessed what was passing in my mind,
for he laid his hand on my shoulder be-
fore I could speak.

  "After all, it is her only chance of
life,” he said gently.

  I tried to force my mind to grapple
with the problem, but in vain. Then
across the black chaos of my indecision
there came a gleam of hope.

  "Sir Leslie—her husband—he must de-
cide,” I cried.

  Tremaine shook his head gravely.

  "I fear that he is not in a condition
either to give his consent or withhold it,”

he said. "His fever is now at its height,
and he is delirious. It is you who must
decide, and quickly, too. Come, what is
your answer?”

  For a while I stood silent, my mind
torn by indecision, a vague foreboding of
coming evil in my heart. At last I bowed
my head in assent.

  "Let the thing be done,” I said. "And
may God forgive me if I have decided
wrong.”

Right from the moment that the oper-

-	ation was completed there seemed to
be no doubt as to its complete success.
As I watched the warm color returning
to Elna’s waxen cheeks I felt my former
vague fears vanishing.

  "You have saved her life, N’Zahgi,”
I cried, impulsively turning to the witch-
doctor, who was standing in the center of
the hut while Tremaine fixed a bandage
over the incision in his arm. "How can
I reward you? I will take you to England
—I will make you rich for life.”

  N’Zahgi folded his arms across his
massive chest as he shook his head.

  "I do not want your money, white
man, nor do I wish to visit your land
again,” he returned with, it seemed, a
hint of contempt in his voice.

  "Then how can I repay you?” I in-
sisted, puzzled not a little by his manner.

  For a full minute the Masai remained
silently pondering. Then he raised his
head.

  "Soon will I name my reward — and
claim it, too! Till then farewell, white
man. N’Zahgi has spoken.”

  As he quitted the hut he turned, and
for a moment his dark eyes rested on the
sleeping girl in a manner I did not like.

During the ensuing three weeks we
took it in turns to keep a contin-
uous lookout from the vantage-point of
a little rocky hill near the village, but no
THE INVISIBLE BOND

299

distant plume of smoke on the horizon
rewarded our vigil.

   Lady Elna’s condition continued stead-
ily to improve; so much so, that I more
than once proposed that we should at-
tempt to make our way along the coast in
the hope of reaching Accra, or some other
town within British territory.

   At first the others overruled my ad-
vice, but as day followed day with the
circle of the horizon void and empty, the
rest gradually began to come round to
my views, finally going so far as to con-
sult N’Zahgi in the hope of his consent-
ing to provide us with guides and bearers
for the journey. But the wily savage
counseled delay.

  "Why face the danger and fatigue of
a journey through strange tribes?” he
said. "Why not stay here in safety and
comfort till a ship passes?”

  The second mate greeted this advice
with a dubious growl.

   "That’s all very well—provided ships
do occasionally pass near enough to be
sighted,” he said, running his hand
through his gray beard. "But if the coast
is dangerous we might cool our heels here
forever.”

   The witch-doctor shrugged his massive
shoulders.

   "At least you must stay here until the
moon is at its full,” he said. "Then you
may go.”

   Sir Leslie looked at the man sharply.
Ever since he had learnt the part that
N’Zahgi had played in his young wife’s
recovery Leslie had taken a violent dis-
like to the savage.

   "Why must we wait here until it is full
moon?” he demanded suspiciously.

  Again N’Zahgi shrugged.

   "It is merely one of the superstitions of
the ignorant black man,” he explained
smoothly. "They consider it a night of
good omen.”

  And, for the first time since we had

met, I noticed that the witch-doctor
smiled.

While, a few days later, Tremaine
and I were sitting in our hut, he
made a somewhat startling remark.

  "Have you noticed the manner in
which our esteemed devil-doctor has been
behaving lately?” he began by asking.
"He seems to be getting too fond of
parading his authority, and generally act-
ing the guardian angel over Lady Elna.

I am far from forgetting that he prac-
tically saved the girl’s life; but I don’t
like his manner, nevertheless. If it
weren’t for the utter absurdity of the
thing, I’d be inclined to say that he has
fallen in love with her.”

   In spite of the fact that his words con-
firmed my own impressions, I tried to
treat the matter lightly.

  "By the way,” Tremaine went on,
"did you notice those strange marks on
the fellow’s chest?”

   I nodded. "I thought they were the
scars of old wounds.”

   "You’ re wrong. Kemp has traded along
the coast for years, and he tells me that
they are the signs of a secret society
called the Ghu-Fanti, otherwise the 'Red
Drinkers’.”

   "Sounds like the name of a Russian
boozing club,” I suggested flippantly.

   "If what Kemp says is true, it is far
from being a laughing matter for us,”
said the doctor gravely. "He has been
telling me of some of the rites of their
secret and obscure cult. I do not wish to
harrow your feelings, but I may tell you
that the sacrifice of human victims is one
of the least revolting of their ceremonies.
I am not over-squeamish on the subject of
anatomy, but some of the things Kemp
described nearly made me sick.”

   "Probably he was twisting your ankle
—old sailors are adepts at that form of
amusement. Anyway, N’Zahgi’s doings
300

WEIRD TALES

will not interest us after the next twenty-
four hours are past.” I pointed upward
to where a pale yellow light was stealing
through the massive tree trunks and fes-
tooned vines of the jungle. "N’Zahgi
has promised that we shall leave here on
the night of the first full moon, and un-
less I am out of my reckoning it will be at
its full tomorrow night.”

  As I spoke the words I became aware
of the deep note of a native drum sound-
ing in the far distance.

ON the following day I had no soon-
er taken up my post on the little
knoll which served as a lookout post than
I heard a frenzied shout coming from the
direction of the huts.

   "Where’s Lady Elna? I can’t find her
anywhere—she has vanished!”

  I at once left my post and hastened
toward the white-faced and gesticulating
Leslie, and at the same moment Dr. Tre-
maine and the mate appeared at the door
of the other hut. By their bewildered
looks it was evident that his shout had
roused them from their afternoon siesta.

   “Oh, there’s probably nothing to get
alarmed about,” said the doctor, when he
learnt the cause of the summons. "She
may have wandered into one of the other
huts.” He looked toward the village as
he spoke, and the words died away on his
lips.

  At this time of the day it was cus-
tomary for scores of women to be seated
before the doors of the huts, grinding
corn, weaving native fiber cloth, or busy
at the numerous menial tasks which their
lords deemed it beneath their dignity to
perform. But now not one was to be
seen. Even the naked babies who usually
sprawled in the sun were gone. More
significant still, the cooking-fires had been
allowed to go out—a most unusual oc-
currence.

  “Why, the place is empty!” Kemp

shouted. "Every blamed nigger has slung
his hook. What’s in the wind now?”

  In the dead silence which followed,
every man’s eyes sought and searched his
neighbor’s face, trying to guess his
thoughts, not daring to voice his own.

   It was the doctor who spoke first. "I
don’t like the look, of this at all,” he
muttered; then: "And where’s the stew-
ard got to?”

   A single glance was sufficient to show
that he was not in the huts, neither did
our loud and repeated shouts cause him
to make his appearance.

   "Come to think of it, I haven’t seen the
fellow since last night,” said the mate
thoughtfully. “Just as the moon was ris-
ing I saw him come out of his hut and
walk toward the path that leads into
the bush. I thought that he, like myself,
could not sleep because of that infernal
drum—it was sounding all night long,
you remember.”

  "Yes—and it’s sounding now,” inter-
rupted Tremaine, holding up his hand.
"Listen!”

   Far away, deep in the trackless jungle,
the savage tom-toms were again lifting
up their weird and tuneless voices. One
is apt to get queer ideas in moments of
mental stress; to me the barbaric music
seemed the essence and embodiment of
the very soul of Africa—fierce, mystic,
unknowable.

  A sudden frightened oath from Kemp
roused me from my revery.

  "There’s devil’s work going on over
there!” he cried, waving his hand toward
the dense woods. "It’s the call of the
Ghu-Fanti that they’re sounding. It’s the
summons of the 'Red Drinkers’—the in-
vitation to the feast of blood!”

The memory of our search through
the tunnel-like trails of that steam-
ing jungle remains in my mind like a
hideous nightmare. We divided our
THE INVISIBLE BOND

301

forces, Kemp and the nearly distraught
Leslie taking one direction, and the doc-
tor and myself another. For a long time
after leaving the others we walked in
silence, and when Tremaine at last spoke
it was to ask a question.

   "Has it not struck you as being curious
that we did not hear the sound of a strug-
gle or cry when Lady Elna was carried
off?”

  I paused in my stride and glanced at
him. There seemed some veiled meaning
behind his casual tone.

  "The poor girl may have been taken
unawares,” I answered. "She may have
been drugged—or stunned-”

  "Or she may have gone off of her own
accord!” he said grimly.

  His suggestion appeared so ridiculous
that I did not deem it worthy of an an-
swer, and after that we continued our
search in silence. But the farther we pen-
etrated, the more dense the jungle be-
came; the bright sunlight barely managed
to trickle through the interlaced mass of
twisted lianas over the narrow trail; on
each side the foliage formed a dense
wall of green. In that leafy labyrinth a
week might have been expended in
searching one square mile. When at
nightfall we made our way back to the
deserted village I was not surprized to
hear that Kemp and Leslie had the same
tale of failure to report.

  By this time the distress of the young
husband was pitiful to witness. It was in
vain that I urged on him the necessity of
taking food and rest.

  "At least wait till daybreak before
setting out again,” I almost begged of
him. "If we could not find her by day-
light, what chance have we of doing so
in the dark?”

  “Elna—my Elna!” It went to my heart
to hear the hopeless anguish in his voice.
"Can’t you realize that she’s somewhere

out there—alone—helpless—perhaps a
prisoner? God! when I think what might
be happening I feel I’m going crazy! I
must go to her—save her! Eat?—food
would choke me. Sleep?—I feel as if I
shall never sleep again. I must rescue
her from those devils—I must, I tell you,
I must!”

   "Very well, then,” I answered, rising
to my feet and taking up one of the
rifles. "Since you are determined to go,
I will go with you.” As a matter of fact,
the boy was in such a state that I dared
not leave him to himself.

The rays of the full moon were strug-
gling through the thick foliage as
we plunged almost at random into one
of the jungle trails. The night air was
laden with the odor of warm, moist
earth; the velvety black shadows on each
hand were populous with animal life.
Vague rustlings and sudden scurryings
sounded ever and again from the dark-
ness, and once a sudden loud crashing
told of the blundering retreat of some
larger animal disturbed by our footsteps.
Farther off, the dog-like barking of a
herd of zebras drifted to our ears, sinking
into sudden stillness as a lion’s roar vi-
brated through the air. Overhead, some
night-bird uttered a wail like that of a
tortured soul.

  Then, without warning, a sound of
another kind floated out of the mystery
of the African night. Leslie heard it
first, and clutched my arm with a grip
that made me wince.

   "The drums!” There was a fierce, joy-
ous elation in his voice as he repeated the
words. "The drums—they will lead us
to her!”

Changing direction, we soon had the
satisfaction of hearing the low throbbing
swell louder, showing that we were head-
ing directly for the spot whence the sound
(Continued on page 399)
THE long corridor with its banked
tiers of barbed cells stretched
away before the visitor in a seem-
ingly endless vista. From all parts of the
great institution came a medley of sounds
—inarticulate babblings, cries, shrieks,
snatches of insane song and oratory—the
voices of the unfortunate victims of the
Great Madness. Thousands were incarcer-
ated in the great asylum. Millions more,
all over the world, were raving and curs-
ing in their mad delirium behind the
bars in similar prisons. Faint though it was,
some hope of cure was held by the author-
ities, else these inmates would have, as had
millions of obviously incurables, been
mercifully put to death. A stricken world,

after the great Madness of 1997, had been
    302

forced to seek salvation in extreme and
immediate action. Occasionally, even yet,
a modern tumbril would roll silently
through the shadowy corridors; a door
would clang, and another raving victim
would be borne away to the lethal gas
chamber, where his hideous cries would
be hushed in everlasting sleep.

  And now, after two years of heroic
struggling, the stout-hearted survivors of
the horror had brought a semblance of
order out of chaos; had put back on its
feet a tottering civilization. But present-
day historians, as they sift the facts and
chronicle the history of those eventful
years, often speculate on the effect a
knowledge of the truth would have had
on those battling to save the world. For
* IN VADIN G

MADNESS

hu // r ,*>ro//prv

the truth was, that even as they attained
success, the dark forces behind the Mad-
ness were preparing, indeed were almost
ready, to strike again, and complete their
work of mastering the world. With di-
abolical cunning they had prepared this
second attack to follow the first at a time
when, the defenders having been deceived
into a false security, the complete sur-
prize of it would engender a hopelessness
in the hearts of a tired world sufficiently
overwhelming to cause immediate and
complete surrender. Again would human
shrieks mingle with the din of the Hor-

ror. Again would human teeth tear
bestially at human .flesh, and human
bodies float hideously in gutters running
with human blood.

The guide, conducting the distin-
guished visitor through the great
prison, spoke respectfully. "You have not
visited this floor before, sir?”

   "No, this is the first time.”

  "We have an interesting case in Num-
ber 981, sir, not at all like the others.
Number 982 also, sir, seems perfectly
sane.”

                                      303
304

WEIRD TALES

  The visitor’s eyes swung sharply
around to his guide’s, and lighted up with
a fierce interest. "What is this?” he
cried; then controlling his obvious excite-
ment, said calmly, "Lead me to them,
Williams.”

  "Yes, sir; this way, sir. Near the end
of the corridor, they are.”

  A half-hundred steps brought them
opposite cell No. 970.

  "Ah, they already have a visitor, sir.”
The guide nodded to where a comely
young woman stood ..close to the bars,
conversing earnestly with the victim they
imprisoned. Near by stood another uni-
formed attendant, visibly bored by his
duties. Williams and his distinguished
companion drew back a respectful dis-
tance, and waited.

  "Doctor,” Williams said earnestly,
dropping his formal manner of address,
"have you learned nothing yet concern-
ing the cause of the Great Mad-”

  "Tut, tut, my boy; you know the law
forbids its mention.”

  "To hell with the law!” the young man
cried vehemently. "Like ostriches with
their heads in the sand they are, those
blind fools in authority! And while they
impose silence, and throttle publicity,
seriously handicapping men like you who
are searching for the truth, the Thing
may come back and finish the job of
wrecking civilization! Oh yes, I know
their reason,” as the doctor started to in-
terrupt him, "that to call to mind the
horrors of those days may send others
into insanity. And I know their foolish
opinions as to its source. Radio waves
from a passing inhabited comet—faugh!
It’s silly! They were radio waves, all
right; but they came from somewhere
right here on earth; and if that place is

not found-”

  "Patience, my boy,” the doctor inter-
rupted. "Who knows but that the inmates

of cells No. 981 and 982 yonder may fur-
nish the clue for which we have been
searching?”

  The young guide’s ire subsided, and
his intelligent features again assumed
their habitually calm expression. * 'Perhaps,
Doctor,” he agreed, quietly. "They do
say that the younger man tells a strange
story. In fact, its wildness is what con-
vinced the Insanity Commission of his
madness. No. 982 was also involved,
but I have never heard the details.”

  Dr. Artley Ingram, one of the great-
est scientists of the age, listened thought-
fully to the young man’s words. He had
his own theories regarding the Great
Madness, but in fear of the results of
presenting his apparently insane ideas to
the World Insanity Commission, kept dis-
creetly silent. Quietly, however, using his
high position as president of the United
States Central University to the limit of
its obvious advantages, he worked under
cover, ceaselessly searching to ferret out
the real cause of the terrible catastrophe
that had blighted the minds of half the
human race.

  These were trying days. From chaos to
order had been a hard fight. The gov-
ernments of the world had forgotten old
differences and united solidly in the ef-
fort to save humanity. A stria censorship
and system of espionage had been estab-
lished. Supreme power had been invested
in the suddenly created World Insanity
Commission. For fear of the possible
contagious effects of such utterances, the
authorities continued to place behind
bars anyone whose speech hinted even
slightly of a hidden trace of the madness.
One had to guard his tongue, lest his
liberty be revoked. Who was to say
whether these drastic measures were wise
or unwise? There had been no time for
debate. Those whose stronger minds had
successfully resisted the Horror now

W.T.—1
THE INVADING MADNESS

305

worked feverishly to bulwark humanity
against a possible recurrent wave of in-
sanity. The theory was, that like a pin-
hole leak in a dike, one insane utterance
might release a second flood of lunacy.
Humanity in genaral was not interested
so much in the source of the madness,
now that it had passed, as it was in con-
tagious after-effects.

  But there were a few who feared
rather a recurrence of the maddening
phenomenon than its after-effects. Until
its source was found, and assurance given
that the phenomenon could not occur
again, they would not cease in their ef-
forts to locate and destroy its cause.

  Among this small group, Dr. Ingram
was probably the most prominent. Had
this group been permitted to organize and
work in concert, no doubt their findings
would have approximated the truth. But
the world governments were convinced
that the Madness was gone, and would
not return until the strange comet re-
garded as its source would return again
on its orbit some hundreds of years hence.
Meanwhile, the task of subduing and im-
prisoning the millions of stricken and in-
sane unfortunates had well-nigh crushed,
physically and mentally, the fortunate
half of society that had remained sane.

   Dr. Ingram believed that somewhere,
among the millions of imprisoned insane,
there was someone who knew the secret
of the phenomenon. Searching, ever
searching, he faced a stupendous task in
attempting to assort and glean a word or
two of useful truth from the insane bab-
blings of the stricken ones. It was during
his many visits to the great Central Asy-
lum of the United States that he became
acquainted with Williams, whose intelli-
gence and reckless statements of his pos-
itive views had elicited the doctor’s con-
fidence. To Williams, Dr. Ingram had
confided his theories, hopes, and plans,

-	W*T.—2

and had thereby gained a valuable assist-
ant; for Williams, through his position
as attendant in the great asylum, was
qualified to gather information hardly
available to the doctor. And now a new
spark of hope flamed in the doctor’s
heart. Perhaps, this time success. . . .

  Suddenly the young woman visitor’s
voice was raised in anger. They looked
quickly down the corridor to where she
stood close to the bars.

  "I will!” she cried. "I’ll go to them
and force the truth down their throats!
To think that you and Father discovered
and stopped that awful thing, and

now-”

  "Nan! Stop!” a voice behind the bars
interrupted. "You will only make our
chances for release less by thus endanger-
ing your own liberty! Have patience,
sweetheart, and keep silent. Surely it will
not be long before this rigid espionage
law is repealed, and the authorities are
willing to listen.”

  Dr. Ingram clutched Williams’ arm.
Taking advantage of the girl’s marked
distress, they moved quietly nearer to
miss no word of her conversation with
the prisoner.

  "But Robert,” she objected, in a
strained but lowered tone, "in the mean-
time, what of the operator who escaped?
He may build another machine, and the
world could not stand another hour of
the Horror.”

  "But Nan, even if he escaped the asy-
lum, which is unlikely, it would take a
long time to perfect another apparatus.
True, the Thangs will bide their time,
and attempt it again; but soon, no doubt,
we will be released, and find a way to de-
feat them.”

Dr. ingram waited to hear no more,
but stepped boldly to the side of
the young woman, who paled at his ap-
proach, In a low voice, he instructed
306

WEIRD TALES

Williams to dismiss the other attendant,
who nodded at Williams’ whispered
words, and, stifling a bored yawn, strolled
lazily away. Waiting until he had dis-
appeared through a door at the far end
of the corridor, Dr. Ingram then spoke:
"My dear Miss, do not be alarmed be-
cause we overheard your conversation;
we are your friends.” Then after intro-
ducing Williams and himself, he went
on: "From what I inadvertently heard
you say to this young man in the cell, I
believe that my search for the secret of
the Great Madness may be near an end.
Am I right?”

  She caught her breath at his bold men-
tion of the forbidden subject. Then the
prisoner in the cell answered for her, to
prevent her committing herself:

  "yes, you are right, Dr. Ingram. Al-
low me to introduce ourselves. I am
Robert Hargrane, and this”—turning to
the next cell, where a white-haired man
of about sixty years peered silently
through the partitioning bars—"is Pro-
fessor Answorth, who was my employer
before we were imprisoned. He is deaf;
a misfortune that was indeed fortunate
for the world, as you will see later. The
young lady beside you is his daughter, and
my fiancee.”

  The doctor bowed in acknowledgment
of the introduction, and said:

  "You have information regarding this
calamity, the Great Madness, that has
overtaken the world?”

  Robert Hargrane pressed closer to the
bars, and clasped them with strong
hands. "Here is a man,” the doctor
thought as he noted the clear brown eyes,
clean features, and magnificent form,
"capable of wrestling with the psychical
as well as the physical forces of nature.”
Hargrane, in turn, missed no character-
istics of the doctor. The doctor’s prom-
inence in scientific circles had made him

well known to Hargrane, but for the
first time he was looking on the eminent
savant’s distinguished features. With
self-possessed composure he met the firm,
searching, yet kindly, gaze of the doctor’s
steel-gray eyes. He approved of the
strong clean-shaven chin, and the mobile
mouth that betrayed no cruelty in the
man’s nature. He was conscious, also, of
the lean, slender form of Williams, with
his dark, eager, eagle-like features, a
young man typical of this flying age when
adventurous youth took to the air as
though it was youth’s natural element.
And Nan, his Nan, there beside them,
whose troubled blue eyes reflected the
mental distress she had been suffering.
Even now, had it not been for this
scourge of madness that had whipped the
world to its knees, she would be his wife.
His heart went out with longing and
sympathy to her sweet face with its full,
half-parted lips. Her slight, athletic
form clothed in the neat flying-costume—
helmet, jacket, breeches and puttees,
youth’s sporting-mode of the day — re-
minded him of some Artemis of the air.

   And there was the slight but yet active
form of the man in the next cell, whom
he loved as a father. The studious blue
eyes behind the spectacles were now
troubled, as they watched Robert’s lips
form his answer to the doctor. Robert
knew that his frail form would soon
break under the strain of imprisonment,
and a prayer was in his heart that here,
at last, was someone who would listen,
believe, and help them. A black menace
hung over the world that they alone un-
derstood. So he answered:

  "Doctor, we have a story to tell that
will tax your credulity to the utmost. But
if the world is to be saved, you, or some-
one, must listen—and believe.”

  "Oh, please, please, Doctor,” Nan
broke in. "You must believe it.”
THE INVADING MADNESS

307

  The doctor produced notebook and
pencil. "I am ready to listen,” he said
quietly.

  “I am sorry, Doctor,” Hargrane said,
''but it is too complicated to tell here. If
you can effect our release, I can take you
to where absolute proof will be given
you.”

  "Hm.” The doctor thoughtfully
stroked his chin. ''The task of cutting
the tangle of red tape would be insur-
mountable.”

  Turning to Williams, he continued,
"Would you risk the danger of assisting
in their escape?”

  "Gladly, Doctor.’’

  "Then let us arrange the details. But
first, Mr. Hargrane, I would like to ask
you just one question. Just who are the
—er, the Thangs?”

  Robert Hargrane hesitated, and
searched the eyes of Dr. Ingram for signs
of insincerity. What he found there sat-
isfied him, and he answered firmly:

  "The Thangs, sir, are the malignant in-
habitants of another dimension, another
plane, very near, and very dangerous to
the world.”

Midnight. Now and then the silence
brooding over the great darkened
asylum was broken by the insane gibber-
ings of some mentally tortured victim
confined behind its grim walls, evoking
a chorus of nocturnal wailings from
others. Gradually the hideous mouthings
would subside; then quiet again.

  Through the dim light, a lone figure
sped down one of the long corridors.
The man paused before a barred door; a
lode clicked, and he was joined by a shad-
owy form from within a cell. Another lock
grated, and another form emerged. A win-
dow at the end of the corridor was softly
raised, the loosened bars removed, and the
darkness without received the trio in its
protecting embrace. In a few moments,

in a field close by, a soft purring sound
accelerated into a muffled hum, and a
dark, bird-like form glided swiftly over
the turf, rose into the air, circled, then
was lost to sight in the black void above.

Dr. ingram surveyed with much in-
terest the room into which he had
been shown.

  "Your father has a wonderfully
equipped laboratory here, Miss Ans-
worth.”

  "Yes, Doctor. He has spent a lifetime,
and a fortune, in accumulating the equip-
ment you see,” Miss AnSworth answered.
"And since Mother died, he fitted up
living-quarters adjoining. Having the
entire top floor to ourselves, and the ex-
clusive use of the roof as a landing-stage,
has given us a privacy that he valued
highly. Having given up all work of a
public nature, and devoting his entire
time to private research and experimen-
tation, Father has caused us to be as alone
up here as if we were in a desert. Mr.
Hargrane, his sole assistant for the past
two years, lived with us. We kept two
planes; one for myself, and one in which
Father and Mr. Hargrane made frequent
flights to remote places in the interests of
his many experiments. Since Father’s
and Robert’s—Mr. Hargrane’s—incar-
ceration, I have continued to live here ,
alone, hoping against hope that their re-
lease might be effected. I am so grateful
to you, Doctor, for your assistance in their
escape. And in a short time you will have
revealed to you amazing things that will
elevate that favor into an act that may
save the world. There,” she said, point-
ing, "is the most wonderful invention in
all history—the medium through which
those amazing things will be revealed. Its
conception and construction were the sal-
vation of the world once, and may be
again.”

  Dr. Ingram looked in the direction in-
308

WEIRD TALES

dicated, and beheld a complicated appa-
ratus that was mostly concealed by a
draped black cover.

  "Tell me about it,” he said.

  "If you will pardon me, I would rather
let Father and Robert explain it. They
will be here shortly, and do you not think
a warm lunch, after their asylum fare,
would be welcome?”

  "By all means, Miss Answorth.” He
smiled. "It takes a woman to remember
all the little niceties, doesn’t it?”

  He followed her into the kitchen, and
watched her prepare coffee, eggs, bacon,
and a salad and dessert for the escaping
prisoners whom they expected within the
hour.

  Dr. Ingram glanced at his watch.
"They should be here in fifteen minutes
or so,” he said. Then a disquieting
thought struck him. "Will not the aerial
police see the landing-lights, and possibly
investigate?"

  She smiled.

  "Father’s genius has taken care of that,
Doctor. He has the landing-stage out-
lined in black-violet signals—his own,
and hitherto secret invention, which is
an adaptation from the well-known black-
light searchlights. A special receiving-
apparatus is installed on both our planes,
giving them the exclusive ability to re-
ceive the signals. To all others in the
sky, our roof is as dark as the night itself.
Robert can easily show Mr. Williams
how to operate it in case Mr. Williams
acts as pilot on the return flight. Oh, I
do hope nothing goes wrong,” she cried,
as sudden fright at possible failure star-
tled her.

  "Do not worry, Miss Answorth,” Dr.
Ingram assured her. "Mr. Williams is a
very capable young man, trustworthy, as
well as an excellent pilot. I see no pos-
sibility of failure. It simplified matters a
great deal for you to furnish a plane in

which he could spirit them away from
the asylum. It would be a simple matter
for him, an attendant, to enter the place
at any time, unlock the cells, and conduct
your father and Hargrane to the plane.”
She smiled her gratitude for his com-
forting words. Then-

  "Listen!” she exclaimed.

  A faint humming sound from above
came to their ears, and, at a slight jar
overhead, she cried, "Oh, good, they are
here!”

  In a very few minutes, Nan Answorth,
sobbing with joy, was locked in the em-
braces of her father and lover. Then,
with tears in her eyes, she thanked Wil-
liams, and led the little party in to the
midnight repast.

Seated at a large table in the labora-
tory with Professor Answorth, his
daughter, and Robert Hargrane, Dr. In-
gram and Williams prepared to hear the
true story of the Great Madness, and gain
understanding of that which was to come.

  "Professor Answorth has been deaf
and mute for a number of years, Doctor,”
Hargrane began, "but you shall hear his
story in his own words, for he is an ex-
pert in lip-reading, and has taught it to
Miss Answorth and me, so that commu-
nication between him and us would be
simplified. He will speak, silently, of
course, and I will translate to you his
words. After he is through, you may see,
if you wish, with your own eyes, the
malignant entities or intelligences in their
evil dimension.”

  Hargrane turned to Professor Ans-
worth, who had been watching his lips
as he talked. The professor’s lips moved
as he silently conveyed some comment to
his assistant. Facing Dr. Ingram with a
dignified bow and quiet smile, his lips
again moved, and Hargrane immediately
began to speak aloud the words his
THE INVADING MADNESS

309

mouth was forming—the words that de-
scribed to Dr. Ingram the most astonish-
ing discovery in history, and the awful
danger that menaced the world.

  "I wish to thank you, Doctor,” he be-
gan, "for your timely assistance in our
release. Your aid in effecting our es-
cape is, I have every reason to believe,
an act that will save the world from a
recurrence of the Horror and its resultant
collapse of sanity and civilization. Your
mind can not conceive now the awful
menace that surrounds humanity in the
persons of the inhabitants of the fourth
dimension. But in a few moments you
will be privileged to look, with your own
eyes, into that dimension, and behold the
malignant beings who plan to invade
ours.

   "It was not the fault of those evil en-
tities or intelligences, that their first at-
tempt to subdue our diree-dimensional
plane was a failure. It was due to our
timely discovery of them and their dia-
bolical plot, and the bravery of Rob-

  The professor looked at Robert, who
blushed with modesty, but continued
speaking aloud the words the professor’s
lips were forming.

  "-who took his life in his hands

when he smashed the infernal machine
that was broadcasting the Madness. It
is our greatest worry that the inventor
and operator of the machine, the tool of
the Thangs, escaped. Even now he may
have another almost perfected, almost
ready to release another deluge of din
through the ether that would be certain,
within a few hours, to reduce the rest of
humanity to snarling, tearing beasts, or
gibbering idiots. You, being on a soli-
tary hunting-trip in the wilds, were mer-
cifully spared the awful spectacle we be-
held here in the city at the first invasion
of the Madness. Of course the din as-

sailed your ears, as it did those of every
human. Your well-balanced mind re-
sisted the Madness, but even you must
have succumbed had we not found and
destroyed its cause. No doubt you, in
your lonely bivouac, at night watched
the gorgeous display of the strange comet
that then flamed in the sky. I wonder
if you too, thrilling to the strange, un-
earthly music that pervaded the fether
preceding the Madness, attributed it, as
did other scientists, to the supposed in-
habitants of that mysterious celestial vis-
itor.

  "Ah, how people here in the city were
affected by that music! A fervor ap-
proaching fanaticism seized the relig-
iously inclined, who watched the skies
eagerly for descending angels from heav-
en, playing on golden harps! Musicians
vainly strove to identify, or classify, in-
struments the like of which they had
never heard! Scientists listened, awed by
the music, and by the ingenuity of the
supposecT inhabitants of the comet, who,
so they thought, had accomplished the
double miracle of interplanetary com-
munication and the broadcasting of radio
waves without other receiving-apparatus
than the human ear! All over the world
it was heard. All over the world the
newspapers were filled with accounts of
the phenomenon. And then, when the
wonderful music ceased and the awful
din of the horror took its place, full real-
ization of its significance came to Robert
and me. The mysterious activities of the
strange inhabitants of the fourth dimen-
sion, into which we had looked through
yonder machine, were mysterious no
longer.

  "I know you are impatient, Doctor, to
see for yourself the beings responsible
for the Great Madness, so I will not go
into a long scientific discussion of the ap-
paratus I invented. There has been a
310

WEIRD TALES

great deal of theorizing in scientific cir-
cles regarding the fourth dimension, and
also, apart from that theoretical state,
the possibility of life in or on other
planes of existence. I believed that the
conditions termed planes and dimensions
were synonymous. I believed that they
were simply states wherein all matter vi-
brated at a different rate than in ours,
rendering it invisible and intangible to
our sight and touch. Considering light
rays in those other planes as matter,
theoretically it should be possible, there-
fore, to see into those planes, provided
that the light rays emanating from ob-
jects in those planes could be changed in
their vibrations to conform to the rate of
vibration of our light rays. The prob-
lem was how to do it. An account of
the thousands of experiments I failed in
would be discouraging reading, but fi-
nally it was done. I succeeded in devel-
oping a new ray, which, when directed
across one’s line of vision a certain exact
distance from the retina, would change
the vibrations of the light rays from the
fourth dimension to the point where they
would be visible to us.”

  Professor Answorth’s lips ceased mov-
ing, and Robert was silent. The profes-
sor moved to the shrouded apparatus he
had indicated, and removed the cover.
Robert followed him, and stood beside
the machine, which Dr. Ingram exam-
ined with interest. He saw a black box-
like affair standing on nickeled tubular
legs, with a seat attached at a height suf-
ficient to bring the user’s face even with
an oval aperture in a rubber curtain
stretched over that side of the box.
Fixed, one on each side, were two tubes
pitched at an angle that would direct the
axis of each to a common crossing a few
inches in front of the eyes of the user.
An adjustable head-rest, with a grad-
uated scale, extended down from die top

of the apparatus to govern the distance
of the eyes from the crossing of the axes
of the tubes, at the open end of which
were fastened glass spheres connected by'
wires to a glittering array of dials and
switches on a panel at one side of the
machine. The spheres glowed with a pe-
culiar orange light as the professor
threw in switches and regulated rheostats
on the panel. The whole affair, includ-
ing a seat for the operator, stood on a
circular platform set flush with the floor
so that it could be revolved and fixed in
any certain position.

Robert seated himself before the ma-
. chine. Turing to Dr. Ingram he
said, "I will now demonstrate the using
of the machine, Doctor, and see that it
is in the proper adjustment for you in
case you care to look at the awful entities
in the next dimension.”

  He turned and thrust his face into the
aperture in the rubber curtain. Professor
Answorth lowered the graduated scale,
and carefully scanning it, adjusted the
head-rest. Slowly turning a rheostat, he
caused the glass spheres to glow brighter
and brighter with die orange light until
Robert, with his fingers, signaled in old
style deaf-mute language to revolve the
platform. The professor pressed a but-
ton, and it circled slowly a foot or two
to the left. At another signal from
Robert he released his pressure on the
control, and the platform came to rest.
After a few moments, Robert withdrew
his head from the machine. A grim
look was on his features.

  "They are there,” he said, "and evi-
dently in a state of great agitation. I
fear they are nearer ready than I thought
for a second attack. Ugh,” he shud-
dered, "I can’t get used to looking on
their hideousness. Do you care to see
them, Doctor?”

  This was what he had come for. This
THE INVADING MADNESS

311

was why he had assisted these men to
escape from confinement; to see for him-
self the strange things in another dimen-
sion who, they had asserted, had attempt-
ed once, and were preparing even now, to
conquer the world through madness.
Only a moment Dr. Ingram hesitated,
and then, with a queer trembly feeling
inside his breast, he sat down before the
machine and thrust his face through the
opening in the rubber curtain. He felt
the head-rest moved against the back of
his head, which was gently forced for-
ward into the proper position. All was
dark before his eyes at first, then a faint
orange glow seemed to spread and slowly
absorb the blackness. What monstrous
sight was he about to see?

  For two minutes he remained quietly
seated, while vague shapes writhed and
slowly took form before his eyes. Sud-
denly the group around the madiine saw
him shudder, saw his body tense and
tremble. In a moment he withdrew his
blanched face from the machine, and rose
drunkenly from the seat. He turned
and faced them, his eyes mirroring un-
speakable horror.

  "My God!” he exclaimed. "My God!
Heads! Heads! Bloated, leering, bodiless
heads! Floating, swaying in a sickening
orange atmosphere—peering and mouth-
ing at me with their evil eyes and foul
lips!—shrinking and swelling into lop-
sided, loathsome shapes like the rotting,
maggot-quickened boneless heads of
corpses! And their thoughts—their ob-
scene, bestial thoughts! Pouring into my
brain from their vicious intelligences in
a soul-staining, corrupting stream! In
heaven’s name, Professor, what are they?”

   Dr. Ingram sank into a chair, mopping
with trembling hand his streaming brow.

  The professor’s lips moved, and Rob-
ert spoke for him:

   "Exactly, Doctor; heads! The Thangs!

Inhabitants of another dimension which,
I have every reason to believe, is nothing
less than the traditional, orthodox hell
that the old-time, Fundamentalist clergy
warned us against. It was a blind be-
lief, but apparently true. At least the
awful beings you saw are tortured; tor-
tured by an everlasting fire—the consum-
ing flames of unsatisfied passions and de-
sires!”

  Robert, with a motioning hand, inter-
rupted the professor. His lips moved
in a silent request, and the professor
nodded. Robert sat down on the seat of
the machine, and turning, requested of
Nan that she continue the professor’s
story for him. *'I would like,” he add-
ed, addressing the doctor, "to be study-
ing the Thangs. I fear the time is lim-
ited in which to discover something of
their plans.”

  "Certainly, Robert, go right ahead,”
the doctor feebly smiled; "I think Miss
Answorth will be a very satisfactory sub-
stitute interpreter.”

  Robert nodded his thanks, and turned
to the machine, accidentally jostling it
with his elbow. Neither he nor the pro-
fessor seemed to notice this small acci-
dent. He thrust his face into the aper-
ture; the professor adjusted the controls
and turned on the current. At a signal
from Robert that focus and position were
satisfactory, he turned from the dials and
switches on the panel, and facing the
doctor, prepared to resume his story. His
lips moved, and Nan’s well-bred, sweet-
ly quiet voice continued his amazing rev-
elations.

  "Months of study,” she began, watch-
ing her father’s lips, "after the perfec-
tion of the machine, and recovery from
the shock at the awful beings it revealed,
convinced Robert and me that the
Thangs, as we soon learned they call
themselves, are simply disembodied in-
312

WEIRD TALES

telligences, evil beyond compare. Sev-
eral facts became plain. First, they dis-
played all the characteristics of the hu-
man intelligence, without, however, any-
thing at all of the good or pure in their
thoughts. Second, we were partly able
to read their minds; their wicked thoughts
seemed to come to us over the altered
light rays that revealed them to us. Third,
doing so, we knew they hated us, were
jealous of us and planned to invade our
dimension. How they intended doing
this, and what form that invasion could
possibly take, we could not learn. Fourth,
we found they were constantly tortured
by consuming passions and desires com-
mon to us humans, but usually controlled
by moral forces and instincts. Having
no morality to restrain them, nor a physi-
cal body as a vehicle or outlet for those
passions, their madness was understand-
able. Fifth, we concluded that their ori-
gin was in our world, our dimension.
They were the souls of dead men and
women! After death, their souls had
lacked the buoyancy of good, or morals
to raise them to a higher plane of exist-
ence; and there, inexorably, they were
doomed to stay forever in their hellish
sphere. This dovetailed with the ortho-
dox belief in eternal damnation.

  "So we gave little thought to the pos-
sibility of their success in really invading
our dimension, but ascribed their evident
but vague plans thereof to merely the
wish being father to the thought. We
could see no way they could accomplish
this unthinkable thing; it simply could
not be done. Ah! how much suffering
we might have averted; how many minds
and lives we might have saved had we
but perceived the simple truth!

  "For some months before the horror
of the madness overwhelmed the earth,
we had been paying little attention to the
Thangs and their activities, The study-

ing of them was not pleasant, and also
seemingly profitless; so we directed our
efforts along other lines of scientific re-
search. Our main interest lay in perfect-
ing an apparatus which would indicate,
exactly, the location of the source of any
known electrical impulse. It was an
elaboration and perfection of the old ra-
dio direction and distance finder. The
task was not so difficult, and after thor-
oughly testing and proving our theories,
we built a finished machine. It was
while we were clearing a place for it in
a corner filled with old bottles of chem-
icals, discarded paraphernalia, and so on,
that I came across a bottle of solution
that I had made several years ago. I had
compounded it in experimenting to find
a cure for my increasing deafness. How
it had frightened me when its applica-
tion rendered me totally deaf! But its
action proved only temporary and harm-
less. Some unexplainable impulse pre-
vented me throwing it out, and there it
had remained, dusty and undisturbed all
these years. In the meantime, failing to
find a cure, I had become totally deaf
and mute, and reconciled to that state.

  "As I turned to set the bottle on a
table, I noticed Nan and Robert pause
in their work and listen with rapt inter-
est to something I, of course, could not
hear. And then, trying to read both
pairs of lips at once, I was excitedly told
of the wonderful music they were hear-
ing—music that seemed to come from
nowhere, filling the ether until it seemed
to originate in the brain itself.

  "We suspended all work as we dis-
cussed this phenomenon. Someone had
performed a miracle, had accomplished
the impossible in transmitting radio
waves direct to the ear without the me-
dium of a mechanical receiver! The
name of a new hero of science would
soon headline the newspapers! We would
THE INVADING MADNESS

313

write him, whoever he might be, a letter
of congratulation when he became
known. Meanwhile we attempted to lo-
cate him with our new machine, but the
hitherto unknown wave-length he used
prevented its successful operation with-
out several minor changes.

   "Of course you heard, all that night,
the next day, and the next night, the
strange music that thrilled a mystified
world. You know of how it interefered
with communication, prevented sleep
except among the totally deaf, and al-
most halted business. The newspapers
quoted the baffled radio experts as say-
ing that discovery of the unknown broad-
caster was an impossibility; he simply
was not on this earth. On the morning
of the fatal day of the Horror, the papers
published the expressed theories of a
group of eminent scientists and astron-
omers, which were that the strange new
comet then streaking across the zenith
was inhabited* and that the weird music
was radioed by the superior beings there-
on. It was not the first time that wise
men had been mistaken, as they certainly
were.

  "That morning, Nan and Robert were
standing at the window, watching the ex-
cited human stream in the street below.
I saw them simultaneously clap their
hands to their ears, and quickly turn to
me, consternation and horror in their
eyes. Breathlessly they told me what had
occurred; the music had ceased, and in
its place had come the din of the Horrox,
How terrible it was you already know.

  "Their nerves were soon racked and
frayed under the strain of the awful
noise. Suddenly Nan exclaimed, 'Father,
if this does not stop soon, we shall all
go mad!’

  "Mad!—There was the key to the mys-
terious activities of the Thangs! Why
had 1 not thought of it before? It was
all plain to me now; a clear perception

of their plan flashed into my mind. In-
sanity!—that was it! The deranged hu-
man intellect vibrating at a rate out of
the normal formed a bridge, a connecting
link, and over that bridge would pour
the Thangs out of their foul dimension,
to take possession of the minds and bod-
ies of humanity, and indulge—if only
fox a brief time—their bestial passions!
They had nothing to lose, and all to gain.

  "But how were they producing the
phenomenon of the Horror? There was
but one logical conclusion: a Thang, pos-
sibly the soul of some mad genius of the
past, had entered the -diseased mind of
some once-brilliant modern scientist, and
with diabolical cunning the combined in-
tellects had conceived their hellish inven-
tion, and had produced a machine to
broadcast the exciting music, and then
the maddening noise.

  "If the world was to be saved,, imme-
diate action was necessary. I needed
help, but Nan and Robert were fast go-
ing to pieces under the strain. Would
they soon be raving maniacs, their minds
possessed by Thangs? I shuddered at
the thought. If only they were deaf too!
Then I thought of the drug that had tem-
porarily paralyzed my hearing. Gladly
they consented to a drop in each ear.
The action was immediate, the relief be-
yond words.

  "Frantically we set to work. After a
brief inspection of the Thangs through
the machine, which showed them in a
state of great excitement, vanishing one
by one here and there as they crossed the
bridge of insanity to possess the minds
of those going mad, we began the neces-
sary changes in our radio-finding appara-
tus. I breathed a prayer that we fail
not to find the source of that nerve-shat-
tering noise. We succeeded, the indica-
tor showing its location in a sheltered
cove on the eastern shore of Georgian
Bay in Ontario,. Of our flight there, and
314

WEIRD TALES

the subsequent fight with the mad inven-
tor of the horrible machine, and the burn-
ing of the ship it was on, I will ask Rob-
ert to tell you, as he was the principal
actor in that part of the drama.”

The professor’s lips ceased to move,
and Nan fell silent. He turned to
where Robert had remained quietly seat-
ed at the machine during his story, and
touched him on the arm. He did not
move.

  Again the professor touched him, took
hold of an elbow and gently shook it.
Unresponsive, Robert sat lifeless, his face
hidden in the machine.

  The professor, now thoroughly
alarmed, turned his white face to the
panel board, and shut off the current.
The doctor and Williams were already
lifting Robert from the seat, and as Nan
caught sight of his set features and star-
ing eyes, she stifled a scream. Pressing
her hands to her heart, which seemed to
stand still, her mind fought back a sin-
gle stabbing word: "Dead!”

  But no! Supported by the doctor and
Williams, Robert walked, as one hypno-
tized, to a couch, where every effort to
revive him failed. For hours the doctor
worked over the unconscious man,
frankly puzzled by his strange condition.
Silently, tensely, the little group watched
as he brought into play all his skill and
all his knowledge of medicine and hyp-
nosis. Though the rest of his physical
organs functioned properly, Robert’s
mind slept; he remained as though dead.

  It was Williams who finally advanced
a theory as to his true condition. Doubt-
fully, hesitantly, conscious of his igno-
rance in such matters, he said:

"Could he—could the machine have
been out of adjustment, and—and drawn
his mind into—into that other dimen-
sion? I saw him jar it as he sat down.”
The professor caught the words on his

lips, and a startled look came over his
worry-strained features. He pressed
Williams’ arm in a gesture that spoke
plainer than words his thanks for the
suggestion, and sprang quickly to exam-
ine the machine. Nan followed him, un-
consciously speaking aloud in her anxiety
as she plied her deaf father with ques-
tions. Intent on measuring, calibrating,
and calculating, he ignored her. Then
with pencil and pad he rapidly covered
a half-dozen pages with mathematical
equations. Finally turning to his anxious
watchers, his lips moved and Nan inter-
preted:

  "Yes, it is possible. I did not foresee
it, but it is possible. The axes of the ray
tubes which were jarred from their nor-
mal forty-five degree pitch, while not af-
fecting the ability of the user to receive
on the retina the light rays from the other
dimension, set up a rotary motion of the
atoms of the rays that acted as a vortex,
drawing Robert’s intelligence into that
abominable plane.”

  "Father!” Nan cried. "Let me see;
set the machine again, Father, and let me
see if he is there!”

  The professor hurriedly readjusted the
machine, and Nan quickly sat down be-
fore it, imploring her father to turn on
the current. Low moans escaped her as
she contemplated the awful, torturing
situation in which she would see her
lover. Lost? Was he lost to her for-
ever, doomed to stay in that dread place,
while his living, yet dead, body remained
on earth, a silent, unresponsive reminder
of their love?

  Her face hidden in the machine, they
heard her muffled voice exclaim:

  "Robert! Oh, Robert! Yes, he is
there, his face white, among their black,
loathsome heads! The agony, the pain
in his dear features—Robert!—Oh-h-h!”

  Her voice tapered off in a grief-filled
sob, as they lifted her from the seat and
THE INVADING MADNESS

315

carried her, half fainting, to her room.
Dr. Ingram administered restoratives,
and soon she became quieter.

  The men gathered around the uncon-
scious Robert to discuss the situation, and
find a way, if possible, to reclaim his in-
telligence from the evil domain of the
Thangs.

  The professor, with pitiable eyes,
watched the doctor’s lips as he talked,
soothing, encouraging, and suggesting.
"Professor,” he said, "if a condition can
be produced in the rays that would
create a vortex drawing one’s intelligence
into that other dimension, why can not
the angles of the ray tubes be reversed
so that the vortical action will also be
reversed, drawing from the other dimen-
sion into this?”

  "We can try it; I will reset the ma-
chine accordingly,” the professor wrote
the words rapidly on a pad. He turned,
and hastened to the machine.

  Nan re-entered the room, her face
tear-stained but composed, and the doc-
tor explained the experiment they were
about to attempt.

  "We will place his body again before
the machine just as it was,” the doctor
explained, "and trust in God that he will
be restored to us.”

  "It must not fail!” Nan said, with
grim determination in her eyes; "and if
soul can call to soul, if the human will
has any power, if love can triumph over
evil, then he shall return to us, for I
shall stand behind him, and call to him
with all my soul, all my will, all my
love!”

  The doctor bowed, as if in homage to
this display of powerful and sacred emo-
tion, and at a nod from the professor
that he was ready, prepared with the as-
sistance of Williams to lead the uncon-
scious Robert to the machine.

  Dawn had come long since, and now
the sun was staring through die window

at the drawn faces of the little group of
haggard actors in the strange drama.
Far below them, in the canyon of the
street, the city had come to life and its
human swarm hummed in a myriad tones
in the beginning of the day’s activities,
all unconscious of the fact that, even
then, their fate, and the fate of like
swarms the world over, lay squarely and
solely in the hands of five people in a
room high above their heads.

Dr. Ingram placed his hands under
Robert’s shoulders and raised him
to a sitting posture. With Williams op-
posite, they prepared to lift the staring
man, and guide him to the seat before
the machine. They had him half-way to
his feet, when-

  Cra-a-a-a-a-a-sh!

  One long, continuous, endless detona-
tion of sound burst on their hearing!
Hands pressed tightly to ears failed to
shut out the stream of hammering noise
that beat on the brain like the stream
from a fire-hose. They looked at each
other in horror. The Madness had come
again! The Madness! The Horror!
God!

  After the first crashing shock, their
senses could detea and separate tones
and notes of the roaring cataraa of hid-
eous, discordant clamor. An intermin-
gling of vibrations ran the scale from
vanishing-point below to that above.
The tintinnabulation of unmusical gongs
strove for recognition with the shrieks,
wails, hoots and thuds of every noise de-
vice conceivable! The throb of drums,
the beeps and klaxonings of signal
horns, the clatter and clap of thunderous
armament threaded with shrill screaming
as from souls in torment. The clang and
peal of crashing bells; the clank and rat-
tle of dragging chains; the moaning la-
ment of deep-throated whistles; the trum-
peting and howling of wild beasts; static
316

WEIRD TALES

cracklings; cries, groans, explosions; a
confusion of incoherent babble — all
commingling in a heterogeneous bedlam
of noise that beat and tortured the audi-
tory nerve until the mind reeled!

  The professor, though he was immune,
knew instantly from the look of horror
on the others’ faces what had happened.
Running, he procured the bottle of pre-
cious drug, and in a few moments all had
been relieved from the nerve-shaking
effect of the awful din.

  For the time being, they must forget
Robert. The authorities, police officials,
public officials, all who could be reached
must be saved. There must be vials
found and charged with a few drops of
the drug. They must be wrapped in cot-
ton, labeled, and dropped from their
plane on the landing-stages of the police
station, the city hall, the military bar-
racks, and the government buildings.
They must sacrifice their immediate per-
sonal interests for the benefit of society;
for they knew not how soon the source
of the Horror could be discovered and
destroyed. The attempt to restore Rob-
ert must wait.

  Calm now, in the face of disaster, they
all set feverishly to work. Nan typed
dozens of slips bearing the words:

  A DROP IN EACH EAR FOR THE HORROR

  A DROP IN EACH EAR FOR THE HORROR

  A DROP IN EACH EAR FOR THE HORROR

  Faces lit by the weird orange glow
from the spheres on the machine which
the professor had prepared for the restor-
ing of Robert and had not bothered to
turn off, they madly filled, wrapped and
labeled the vials, counting on the des-
peration of the finders to follow the di-
rections. Soon they were through; the
drug was all used. Nan volunteered to
distribute them, and rushed to the roof,
a basket filled with the mind-saving vials
on her arm. In a few minutes her plane
was dipping and soaring over the heads

of a crazed populace battling futilely the
maddening stream of reason-wrecking
noise.

  Back in the laboratory, the professor
worked over the radio-detecting appara-
tus. Something was wrong; it would not
operate. He needed Robert’s help, but
Robert—where was he? His body sat
stonily on the couch, but his mind was
in that evil domain whence was pouring
the loathsome stream of damnable enti-
ties that were even now taking possession
of the minds of men and engaging in a
wild orgy of debauchery with their bod-
ies.

  Williams was assisting the professor
as best he could, but the doctor, unable
to help with the apparatus, stood at the
window, fascinated by the scene in the
street below.

  People were rushing here and there,
throwing arms wildly about, praying,
shouting, rapidly succumbing to this sec-
ond attack of the Madness. Try as they
had, they had not forgotten; the awful-
ness of the former attack came clearly
to their minds, and thus weakened re-
sistance to the Horror. Hopelessness
seized them; there was no comet now to
blame for the din. What could save the
world? God had deserted it, and hell
had taken charge!

  Hundreds took the easiest way out,
preferring death to madness. Dr. In-
gram saw their bodies hurtling to the
pavement from windows of offices above.
Individual acts of hideousness caught his
attention as the holocaust of insanity con-
sumed human reason. A woman with a
baby clasped to her breast had been
kneeling in the gutter, her face upturned
in fervent supplication. Suddenly she
sprang up, caught the infant by the feet
and dashed out its brains against a pole!
A surface car, the motorman leaning
from the window as he gesticulated and
grimaced in maniacal glee, careened at
THE INVADING MADNESS

317

high speed down the street to crash into
the rear of another. Bloodstained, mu-
tilated passengers crawled from the
wreck, .and ignoring hideous wounds,
fought or danced or committed acts of
indecency as the Thangs that possessed
their brains directed!

   Fire broke out in a dozen places; auto-
mobiles ran recklessly, over people, down
the sidewalk, through plate-glass win-
dows, until their mad rush was stopped
by some immovable object. A group of
men and women, their arms about one
another’s half-naked bodies, emerged
from a doorway, and milling about, danc-
ing in a dervish frenzy, swept screaming
down the street to be blotted out by a
huge passenger plane that crashed, flam-
ing, from the sky!

  A world gone mad! Civilization tot-
tering! Humanity destroying itself in an
awful whirlpool of insanity! That was
what Dr. Ingram was witnessing. Scenes
past description; debauchery and obscen-
ity unspeakable; murder and rapine; an
inferno of human passions rampant on
the face of the world! A hideous de-
lirium in which the black entities from
hell took possession of man’s mind!
God! And this was occurring in every
city, in every country on the face of a
once fair globe!

  Sickened, he turned from the window
to where the professor and Williams
sweated over the radio-detector. They
had certain changes almost complete, the
professor had discovered the strange new
wave length the Thangs were using, and
the machine would be ready soon.

The doctor nervously paced the floor,
pausing now and then to feel Rob-
ert’s pulse, whose cataleptic state re-
mained unchanged. Irresistibly he was
drawn again and again to the window.
There was a little less confusion, now.
The street was filled with dead and

wreckage; there were fewer to indulge
in the wild orgy of madness, but the
scene was yet terrible beyond words. Con-
tinuous fighting and self-destruction was
constantly swelling the crimson flood in
the gutters, choked with torn and naked
bodies.

  Suddenly his heart leaped with hope.
Down the street came an orderly body of
police, their calm and sure actions as
they commenced the work of overpower-
ing the insane betokening Nan’s success
in placing the vials of the drug where it
was needed. A body of soldiers swung
around another corner, adopting drastic
measures in an attempt to save this little
spot of civilization; dispatching the badly
wounded, and executing the hopelessly
mad. Perhaps there was hope; perhaps,
in places, there were strong-minded,
strong-willed men and women still re-
sisting the maddening din. Now if they
could locate and destroy the demon in
human form, and his hellish machine-

  At that moment, Nan returned. White-
faced, she crossed the, room as in a daze,
and collapsed across the kneees of her
lover, who sat as they had left him, star-
ing—staring—at nothing. Dr. Ingram
approached to offer encouraging words,
but with face hidden against Robert’s
hands she shook her head and waved
him away. He honored her desire to be
alone; for the present her work was done.

  The doctor turned to where the pro-
fessor and Williams still labored at the
device to which they pinned their hopes
of saving a disintegrating society. He
saw the professor straighten his bent old
form, a look of triumph in his eyes. He
turned and motioned excitedly to the doc-
tor, who sprang to his side. Williams
was gazing, fascinated at the wonder of
the professor’s accomplishment, at a glass
sphere. Inside it, suspended on a thin
wire, was a needle that wavered, hesi-
tated, then pointed straight down! The
318

WEIRD TALES

professor wrote rapidly on a pad, and the
doctor read the startling words:

  "That ’devil machine’ is in the base-
ment of this very building!”

  Dr. Ingram showed the pad to Nan,
who nodded disinterestedly, and again
bowed her head on Robert’s knee in si-
lent grief.

  Quickly, the three men prepared to in-
vade the basement, to search for the room
in which was hidden the maniac with his
inconceivable device that continued to
send out through the ether the hideous,
maddening cyclone of clamor. Here, no
doubt, he had built a duplicate machine
along with the first one that had so near-
ly wrecked the world. With insane cun-
ning, the tool of the Thangs had pre-
pared the second attack against the possi-
ble failure of the first, and had boldly
located his diabolical instrument close to
where he could the sooner enjoy the fruits
of their mad plan. To say that he would
defend it with all the maniacal fury of a
leader of his foul brood would be putting
it mildly indeed. They were entering
on a dangerous mission!

  The professor produced strange-look-
ing automatic pistols—terrible weapons,
children of his prolific inventive mind—
and they descended the stairs. Adequate-
ly armed though they were, none of them
was of the fighting type, and two were
old, well past the age when man’s heart
thrills to the excitement of combat.

   But bravely they traversed the deserted
corridors and crept down the silent steps.
The elevators had ceased running hours
ago, the operators flinging themselves
into that maelstrom of madness in the
streets. Deserted, open offices spoke
mutely of the tragedy that had engulfed
their occupants. But here and there,
through an open door, they caught a
glimpse of a still figure sprawled at a
desk or on the floor, clutching in a stiffen-

ing hand the grim weapon that had
meant a way out.

  The basement reached, they cautiously
explored its silent corridors. Here was
the power room; here lockers, storage
rooms filled with discarded shelving,
store fixtures and so on; here a shop for
the maintenance of the machinery in the
big building. Through it all they
searched, fruitlessly, fingers clenched
around ready weapons. They found no
sign of the hidden source of the Horror
until before them yawned the darkened
steps to the sub-basement.

  Below, in the gloom, each thought they
caught a glimpse of a dim skulking form,
but a beam from a flashlight in the hand
of Williams revealed nothing. Was it
imagination? Slowly descending the
steps, the silent trio—Williams first, then
the doctor and professor—continued the
search. Nothing save some silent ma-
chinery, piles of piping, and cobwebbed
abutments met their eyes. Advancing
farther into the yawning darkness, the
ray of light fell suddenly on the outlines
of a door set in the concrete wall at the
rear. Williams signaled for silence, and
extinguished the light. Then through
the blackness gleamed a yellow streak
from under the door. Each instinctively
knew they were near the end of their
search, and caught their breaths at the
dangerous task before them.

   Slowly, silently, they crept closer to the
closed door. Surely, behind it must lie
that which they must risk their lives to
destroy, for all other possibilities had
been exhausted, and each had supreme
faith in the accuracy of the professor’s
device which had indicated this basement
as the source of the nerve-shattering
noise.

  Williams, cautiously advancing in the
darkness, with the doctor and professor
close behind, felt his outstretched fin-
gers come in contact with the concrete
THE INVADING MADNESS

319

wall. The faint yellow light from under
the door guided him to it, and kneeling,
he peered through the keyhole. He saw
a limited section of a well-lighted room,
but within range of his vision was
enough paraphernalia of an electrical na-
ture to convince him that he was at the
door to the den of the maniac—the mad,
Thang-possessed inventor of the device
that was wrecking the world!

  Cautiously, he tried the knob. The
door was unlocked, and snapping on the
flashlight for a second, he signaled with
a nod that they could enter. Gathering
all the nerve at his command, Williams
flung open the door, and the three, with
hearts thumping, but with weapons held
desperately ready, sprang into the room.

  Nothing happened; no one was in
sight.

For a moment they stood quietly wait-
ing for their eyes to become accus-
tomed to the light, and then they won-
deringly surveyed the room. So large an
array of glittering apparatus was before
them, that its separate parts did not im-
mediately register on their senses. Three
features, however, caught and held their
attention. There was the ceiling, from
which was hung on insulated supports a
huge network of wires that was unques-
tionably an aerial for the broadcasting of
wireless signals. There in a corner was
a large switchboard, with its shining
rows of switches and meters and rheo-
stats. Above the rubber mat that covered
the floor before the switchboard, hanging
at a height slightly above their heads, was
a bank of huge coils, joined at the bottom
by a thick steel plate. And there, to one
side, was the monstrous, madly working
device that, plainly, was the object of
their search.

  But where was the mad creator and
operator of this collection of electrical
and mechanical monstrosities? Again

they carefully scanned the room. As
crowded as it was, they could see no place
where one could hide. Ah, no doubt the
madman was out in the streets, blood-
thirstily taking part in the hideous orgy
that a maddened world had been plunged
into, crazed by the awful clamorous
racket that his machine was even now
automatically hurling through the ether.

  Turing to the devil-device, they were
fascinated by the whirling, whirring, vi-
brating activity of the thing. At one side
was an electric motor, direct-connected
to it by a spinning shaft that disappeared
into its interior. This gave life to the
dozens of mechanisms mounted in and on
the vast framework, which seemed like
a huge hive alive with myriads of me-
chanical bees. Around the whole, a cir-
cle of microphones received and dis-
tributed the hellish noise.

  For a few moments, the three who had
come to destroy it gazed in awe at the
marvelous device. There were huge
knobbed arms that beat with monoton-
ous regularity on drumheads of all sizes.
Other arms clanged frantically against
a row of discordant gongs. Pieces of
polished metal rose and fell and clanked
together. Great bows seesawed back and
forth across resined strings. Horns of
every conceivable type hung here and
there, and steadily squawked or shrieked
in a hideous chorus. Flashing bits of
metal or wood rotated or vibrated as each
contributed its part to the revolting holo-
caust of sound. They were devoutly
thankful for the drug in their ears that
rendered them deaf to it. But now it
must be stopped; where was the control
for that spinning motor that ran the aw-
ful thing? Ah, there on the switchboard
was a three-pole switch, larger than all
the rest. It must control the whole
board, and to pull it would stop-

  All three sprang forward at the com-
mon thought. Williams was first; the
320

WEIRD TALES

ethers were dose beside him. His hand
stretched out to seize the handle.

  Clang!

  Some invisible force jerked upward
the hands that held their weapons, the
steel guns were pulled from their fingers
and clashed against the bar fastened to
the huge coils overhead, where they stuck,
immovable?

  Disarmed by an electro-magnet!

  Astounded, they half turned and
caught sight of a grotesque figure against
the wall, at one side of die door they had
entered. His left hand was still on the
switch with which he had sent the cur-
rent through the magnet that had dis-
armed them. His right held an auto-
matic pistol that unwaveringly covered
them. Trapped!

  Wild eyes mocked them with an in-
sane glare, and then from a mouth that
drooled bloody foam came peal after
peal of maniacal laughter, though merci-
fully, in their deafness, they could not
hear it. Blood showed on the maniac’s
flesh through the rents in his muddy
clothes. Matted hair hung over his glit-
tering eyes and added to his loathsome
appearance. Not for an instant did those
eyes leave them, as he stooped and picked
from the floor a long sharp knife still
dripping red from his participation in
the terrible orgy in the streets. He came
slowly toward them, the bloodlust in his
eyes, and laughing with unholy glee at
the terror he inspired.

  Lost! Each gave thought to the dire
word, but each was thinking most of the
fact that they had failed, and that failure
meant the loss of a world! Paralyzed
with horror at the thought, they waited
while the maniac crept nearer, and yet
nearer. But, with insane cunning, he
did not come too close, but paused some
fifteen feet away. At this, the hope that
had begun to mount in Williams’ breast
ebbed entirely away; he had been plan-

ning a sudden rush in which he would
have a bare chance, should the Thang-
possessed madman come close enough.
Now, however, all three would fall un-
der his bullets before Williams could
take a single step.

  Hopelessly, helplessly, they watched
him, as a bird watches, charmed, the sway-
ing evil head of a reptile. Motioning with
gun and knife, he herded them away
from the switchboard to the back of the
room, where he lined them up with their
backs to the door. To what tortures was
he about to put their helpless bodies?
God! Let him kill them and get it over
with; all hope was gone, the world was
lost; what mattered their lives now?

  The professor suffered mental tortures
beyond the others. He was thinking of
Nan, up there in the laboratory with the
living husk of her beloved Robert. Soon
the effect of the drug would wear off, and
she would be a victim to the maddening
din of the Horror! And Robert’s soul,
doomed to eternal torment in the dimen-
sion of the Thangs! A picture of thdr
separate fates rose before his eyes; Rob-
ert’s agonized face floating among the
loathsome heads of the Thangs in that
hellish orange atmosphere—forever! And
Nan, his little Nan, running, wild, half-
naked and insane, screaming, through
blood-filled streets? No! No! It must
not be! Yes—he’d try it—God grant
him strength to get to that switch before
the maniac’s knife or bullets stopped
him!—Now! Now!

  The professor, sobbing, shaking in the
desperation of his wild resolve, wheeled,
and staggered toward the switchboard,
hand outstretched! The black form of
the madman darted between him and his
goal, and with knife redly gleaming,
drew it back to thrust its crimson length
into his body! The leering face was
close to his own, and the drooling mouth
breathed its fetid breath into his nostrils;

W.T.—2
THE INVADING MADNESS

321

as the red blade began its forward, up-
ward sweep! And then-

   Flash!

  Something—some invisible force—
tore the crimson knife from the mad-
man’s hand, and sent it spinning against
the wall, where it clattered to the floor,
bits of reddened flesh clinging to its hilt!
Another flash! And the gun flew through
the air, and fell to the floor beside the
knife! The maniac stumbled backward,
threw behind him two bloody hands in
a protective gesture, and grasped the
bare blades of two shining switches on
the board! His teeth, exposed by curling
lips, clamped shut; the red pupils of his
eyes disappeared upward behind black
brows, and left the whites dully gleaming
through the strings of his matted hair.
His body grew instantly rigid, and curl-
ing tentacles of smoke spiraled upward
from his burning flesh. Stiff, black,
smoking, a charred demon from hell, he
hung grotesquely there, a crucified sac-
rifice to his own mad genius. The tool
of the Thangs was dead!

  The professor sank, fainting, to the
floor. Williams and the doctor had
turned, startled and astonished, when the
professor had bolted from their side in
his desperate attempt; but the action was
so quick, events moved so rapidly, that
it was several seconds before they raised
their eyes, and beheld framed in the door
the stalwart form of Robert Hargrane!
A pistol, a thin thread of pale smoke
curling up from its muzzle, was in his
hand. And behind him, peering over his
shoulder were the frightened eyes of
Nan Answorth!

  Robert Hargrane! Eyes no longer
staring, staring at nothing. Mind no
longer held in tortured thrall in the
hideous domain of the Thangs; but here,
with his own kind again, in time to save
them, and save the mind of the world!
He strode forward and raised his hand to
W.T.—3

the rubber handle of the shining switch.
As he jerked it open, they saw his body
sharply outlined against the blue flame
of its arc; and beside him, the thing that
was the maniac sank, smoking, to the
floor, staring with dead eyes at its whirl-
ing, whirring, mind-destroying creation
while it slowed, and stopped. The Hor-
ror was ended.

Back in the professor’s laboratory, the
four men gazed wonderingly at
Nan. The effects of the drug were di-
minishing, and it was good to hear again.

  "I could not wait,” Nan was sobbing,
with joy, "and while you were gone I
got Robert to the machine. You had
turned it on, Father, and after I succeed-
ed in getting him on the seat, and his
face through the curtain, I just stood be-
hind him and prayed, and called, and
called. And he came back to me.”

The Reconstruction was urgent, but
must wait; the sane of the world,
worn out by the physical and mental tor-
ture, just now must sleep. Strength must
be stored up for the stupendous task that
faced them. And so, seeking places of
protection against the maddened ones
who still roamed the streets, they sought
strength and temporary forgetfulness in
restful oblivion.

  Two persons, however, were awake.
Nan and Robert sat close together on the
couch in her father’s laboratory. Tomor-
row they would do their part, but now
they had no thought but for each other.
While his hand lightly caressed her soft
hair, she whispered:

  "Was it as terrible as your poor face
indicated, dear, there with—with those
terrible Thangs?”

  And as Robert turned her lips up to
his, he breathed:

  "Not much worse than it would be
here without you, sweetheart.”
funci from yuGGom

IHI.F.

                  1. THE COURTYARD

                   It was the city I had known before;

                  The ancient, leprous town where mongrel throngs
                  Chant to strange gods, and beat unhallowed gongs
                  In crypts beneath foul alleys near the shore.

                   The rotting, fish-eyed houses leered at me
                   From where they leaned, drunk and half-animate,

                   As edging through the filth I passed the gate
                   To the black courtyard where the man would be.

                   The dark walls closed me in, and loud I cursed
                   That ever I had come to such a den,

                  When suddenly a score of windows burst

                  Into wild light, and swarmed with dancing men:
                  Mad, soundless revels of the dragging dead—

                   And not a corpse had either hands or head!

                     2. STAR-WINDS

                    It is a certain hour of twilight glooms,

                  Mostly in autumn, when the star-wind pours
                  Down hilltop streets, deserted out-of-doors,

                  But showing early lamplight from snug rooms.

                    The dead leaves rush in strange, fantastic twists,

                  And chimney-smoke whirls round with alien grace,
                  Heeding geometries of outer space,

                  While Fomalhaut peers in through southward mists.

                  This is the hour when moonstruck poets know
                  What fungi sprout in Yuggoth, and what scents
                  And tints of flowers fill Nithon’s continents,

                   Such as in no poor earthly garden blow.

                   Yet for each dream these winds to us convey,

                  A dozen more of ours they sweep away!

322
i\HLrn c

WLNt

FARL&y

"A huge bat clung to the horse’s
neck, sucking its life-blood.”

1.	The Mysterious Coffin

“TT WONDER who’s dead?” inquired
I Dan Callahan, driver of Yankton’s
sole taxicab, pointing at a long
wooden box with brass handles, which
lay on a baggage-truck on the station
platform.

  "Search me!” replied the station agent,
without interest. "Look at the tag, if
you’re that curious.”

  But Dan quite evidently wasn’t that
curious, for he slouched into a chair be-
side the one in which the agent sat,
against the only cool wall of the freight
house. It was late afternoon—or, rather,
early evening—of an unusually hot June
day. There never was very much doing
in Yankton, Pennsylvania, and less than
usual this particular afternoon.

  The taxi-driver took a crumpled pack-

                                     323
324

WEIRD TALES

age from one of his blouse pockets,
fished out a crushed cigarette, replaced
the package, tapped the cigarette on his
chair, put the cigarette in his mouth, took
off his cap, ran his finger around in the
sweatband, found a match there, replaced
the cap, and lit up. The station agent was
already smoking a pipe. The two sat and
puffed in silence, watching the coffin;
not that they expected it to do anything
worth watching for, but merely that it
happened to be directly in the line of
their vision, and hence was as easy to
focus on as anything else.

  The shadow of the freight house gradu-
ally lengthened in front of them, and
objects in the distance took on a reddish
tinge. The definiteness of the shadow be-
came blurred, the red tinge faded out, and
blue twilight began to fall. A faint warm
breeze crept down the tracks. Bats flut-
tered in and out under the canopy of the
station platform, in pursuit of flies and
midges.

  A clatter and a roar and a swirl of cin-
ders, as an east-bound train swept by;
then silence again, the oppressive silence
of a warm summer evening. Heat-light-
ning played over the hills in the distance.

  Dan Callahan, the taxi-driver, un-
tilted his chair, arose slowly, and
stretched his arms.

  "No passengers tonight,” said he, "so
I guess I’ll be going home to Maggie and
the kids.”

  "Say, will you look at that!” inter-
rupted the railroad man. "One of them
bats is trying to get into the coffin.”

  Dan looked, and made the sign of the
cross. Clinging to the edge of the box,
close to the lock, was a small brown bat,
fluttering as though with suppressed ex-
citement. As the two men stared, another
bat joined the first.

  "They give me the creeps,” asserted
the agent, as. rising from his chair and

shuddering, he switched on the platform
lights.

  "Hasn’t it turned a bit cold?” asked
Dan, shuddering too.

  The squeak of automobile brakes was
heard, and then a third figure rounded
the corner of the freight house. The
newcomer was a young man still in his
twenties; erect, well dressed, with straight
pointed nose, firm jaw, and pleasing
smile.

  "Hello, Doc,” Dan greeted him eager-
ly. "How’s my little boy?”

  "I’ve just come from your house,” re-
plied the doctor. "You’ll be glad to know
that the little fellow is much better.
Responding to treatment beautifully. I
believe that I may safely say that he is
out of danger.”

  "Doctor Crane,” said Callahan fervent-
ly, "you’re a wizard and a brick. I thought
sure I was going to lose little Dan.
You’ve saved his life, and if there is any-
thing that I can ever do for you this side
of hell, just ask me. That’s all, sir.”

  "It’s nothing—nothing,” replied Crane
deprecatingly; "merely my professional
duty. And a great pleasure, I assure you.
Such a manly little fellow.”

  "Say, Doc,” interrupted the station
agent, "will you look at them birds try-
ing to get into that there coffin?”

  "Well, well, so they are,” replied Dr.
Crane, jovially. "I wonder what's attraci
ting them.”

  "And here comes the great grand-
daddy of them all,” added the agent, as a
grayish bat of fully two-foot wing-spread
swooped down -out of the gathering dusk,
hooked its wings onto the edge of the
box, and snapped viciously at the two
little brown bats already there. They fled
squeaking, but still fluttered around in
the vicinity.

  "Hm,” remarked the doctor, profes-
sionally.

  "Must be one of these there umpire
ANOTHER DRACULA?

325

bats I’ve heard tell about,” suggested the
station agent.

  Dr. Crane strode over to the box, and
brushed the huge creature aside with one
hand. The bat snapped at him, and then
shambled to one end of the top of the
box, where it crouched menacingly. The
doctor stooped and sniffed at the crack.

  "Hm,” he ruminated. "Peculiar smell,
very, but not at all what I expected. No
wonder it attracts these little creatures.
As public health officer, I must get it to
the undertaker’s at once. Who does it
belong to?”

  "Dunno, Doc,” replied the agent.
"Look at the tag.”

  By the light of the platform-lamps,
Crane read aloud, " 'Mr. Peter Larousse,
Yankton, Pa.’ Who is he, I wonder?
There’s no one of that name lives here.”
"I am he,” said a quiet voice behind
them.

Nqne of them had heard any-one ap-
proach. They turned, and saw
that a fourth man had silently joined
them. He was tall, well over six feet
in height. Dressed entirely in black,
with a short black Inverness cape across
his shoulders, fastened at the neck by a
single clasp of gold with jet stones. In
his right hand he held a black stiff hat,
rather narrowed at the top of the crown.

  He was old, of an indefinable age, yet
erect, and exuding power and vigor. Clean-
shaved, he was, except for a drooping
white mustache. His face was aquiline,
with high-bridged thin nose and pecu-
liarly arched nostrils. He had a lofty
domed forehead, crowned with white
hair, profuse except around the temples,
where it was scanty. His eyebrows were
iron-gray and massive, almost meeting
over the nose, and composed of profuse
bushy hairs. The mouth, so far as it
showed under the heavy mustache, was
fixed and rather cruel-looking, with pe-

culiarly sharp white teeth. These pro-
truded over the lips, whose remarkable
ruddiness showed astonishing vitality for
a man of his evident years. His ears
were pale, and at the tops extremely
pointed; the chin was broad and strong,
and the cheeks firm though thin. The
general effect was one of extraordinary
pallor.

  His hands, at first glance, seemed
white and fine, but closer scrutiny dis-
closed them to be rather coarse—broad,
with squat fingers. In fact, most of the
features of his anatomy, although appear-
ing delicate and refined at first, never-
theless suffered by prolonged examina-
tion.

  His general appearance, however, was
courtly, aristocratic, and foreign in the
extreme.

  But the most noticeable single item
about him was his eyes: small, gimlet-
boring and bloodshot without being in
the least bleary. The three men who had
preceded him on the station platform
laid the redness of his eyes to the setting
sun; but the sun had long since set, and
the platform was now illumined by its
electric lights.

  "1 am Peter Larousse,” he repeated,
ignoring the rudeness of their stares.
"Did I hear some one mention my
name?”

  "Pardon us, sir,” replied the doctor.
"You startled us. I am Doctor Crane, the
village health officer.”

  Crane advanced, extending his right
hand, but the stranger did not grasp it.
Instead, he swung his hat across his
breast, and made a courtly bow.

  "You will excuse me, I am sure,” said
he, "for not shaking hands, as I have
an unexplainable aversion to personal
contacts. Well, you called for Monsieur
Larousse, and here I am. What do you
wish of me?”
326

WEIRD TALES

  "Is that your coffin?” asked the doctor
abruptly, becoming a bit nettled.

  The stranger frowned, then smiled
quizzically.

  "Yes and no,” he answered. "If you
mean am I inside it, the answer is no.
But if you mean is it consigned to me,
the answer is yes. I am not dead—
yet.”

  He bowed again.

  "Well, it will have to get to the un-
dertaker’s at once,” asserted Crane. "It’s
a menace to the health of the commu-
nity.”

  "In what way, may I ask?” inquired
Monsieur Larousse, serenely.

  "It is already attracting vermin,” re-
plied the doaor.

  The large gray bat was no longer to
be seen, but the two little brown bats
had returned and were clawing at the lid.

  "Ah, the darlings!” exclaimed the
stranger, gloatingly.

  Striding over to the coffin, he shifted
his pointed hat to his left hand, and
scratched first one of the little creatures,
and then the other, on the head.

  "See,” he said turning, "they like me.
They know a friend. I love all animals,
and all animals love me. I have a way
with them. But now to get down to
business. You wish this coffin removed,
doaor? So do 1. What is the next
step?”

  "This is Mr. Daniel Callahan, of the
Commonwealth Garage,” introduced the
doaor. "He can get his motor-trudc at
once. The undertaker, being an under-
taker, can be found at any hour. This
other gentleman is Mr. Bill Jones, the
station agent, who can release the ship-
ment. And I am the health officer, as I
have already stated.”

  "Ah, what a fortuitous conjunaion of
personages!” murmured Monsieur La-
rousse. “The arrangements sound excel-
lent.”

  While Dan departed for his truck,
and the agent unlocked the freight house
and turned on the lights inside, Dr.
Crane asked, "And what are your plans
for the body?—that is, I assume the cof-
fin contains a body.”

  Ignoring the implied question, the
stranger answered, "It is, of course, to be
buried—in your local cemetery, to be ex-
plicit. What formalities are necessary?”
"You will have to have a cemetery
lot.”

  "I have such a lot.”

  "And a permit from the village derk.”
"I should like to see him at once,
then.”

  "He will be in his office tomorrow
morning.”

  "He shall have to see me this eve-
ning,” asserted the foreigner imperious-
ly. "I suffer from a disease known as
dermatitis exfoliativa tropica. You, as
a physician, will realize that that means
I must avoid the daylight as much as
possible. Can not the clerk, for a fee,
be induced to transaa official business
in the evening?”

  “I am sure he can,” agreed the doaor
smiling, "when I tell him about your
disease. Would you mind my offering
you my professional services? The exaa
sort of dermatitis which you mention is
a rare disease, at least among white peo-
ple; and I have never had the privilege
of treating, or even observing, a case.”
"Then I refuse to be experimented
upon,” replied the stranger, drawing him-
self up haughtily.

  Just then Dan Callahan returned with
his truck, and the four men put the box
aboard. The box was unusually heavy,
which rendered all the more noticeable
the effortless ease with which the stran-
ger handled his quarter of the load.

"Gosh!” exclaimed the agent, wiping
his forehead. "It must weigh a ton.”
"Ah, my friends,” explained the
ANOTHER DRACULA?

327

stranger, "there is a lead lining inside.”
"Then how the devil did the smell get
out?” blurted Dan.

  The stranger glared at him, and said
nothing.

  "Will you ride with me?” invited Dr.
Crane.

  "Thank you, no,” replied Larousse
with a slight inclination of his head.
"The night is beautiful. I will walk—
Oh, just a moment. One more question.
Need the coffin be opened by any one?”
"Not if you have the death certificate
with you.”

   "I have the certificate.”

   So the truck and the doctor’s car drove
away up the street toward the center of
the village. The station agent re-entered
his office to put out the lights. And a
large gray bat hovered around the coffin
in the departing express-truck.

The center of the village, a typical
one-street Pennsylvania valley-town,
was a bustle of early summer evening
activity. Stores alight for the evening
trade. Music issuing from the open
doors of the movie-house. Couples
strolling back and forth. Groups chat-
ting at the street corners.

  The gray bat did not follow the coffin
into the bright lights of Yankton’s gay
white way.

  Dr. Crane and Dan Callahan found
the undertaker’s wife at home, and she
sent one of the children out to locate her
husband. When he finally arrived, the
three men tried to move the coffin, and
were having a terrible time at the task
when a calm voice near them said, "Per-
mit me to assist.”

  It was the tall stranger again. With
his help, they moved the box with sur-
prizing ease.

  Next Dr. Crane and Monsieur La-
rousse hunted up the village clerk, got

him down to his office, and secured the
necessary burial permit.

  When this formality was over,
"Where are you staying?” the doctor
asked.

  The stranger drew himself up.

  "That, my dear sir,” said he frigidly,
"concerns no one but myself.”

  The young doctor hastened to apolo-
gize.

  "I only thought we might need to lo-
cate you, sir, if there should be any hitch
in the proceedings,” said he.

  “There will be no ’hitch,’ as you call
it,” replied Larousse, frigidly. "I have
made all the necessary arrangements
with the undertaker, and he assures me
that there can be no unexpected compli-
cations. I shall remain in this beautiful
little town for a considerable while. You
will find me every evening somewhere
along this street.”

  And bowing ceremoniously, he stalked
off.

  "After all that I’ve done for him,”
said Crane to himself, "he might have
been a little more polite. A queer,
queer man. My, what a spooky eve-
ning!”

  The big gray bat swooped by, in spite
of the bright lights, startling the doctor
out of his revery.

2.	Introducing Mr. Fulton

Abit later in the evening, the tall
stranger entered Morton’s General
Store and made a few purchases. The
news of the arrival of this mysterious
foreigner had spread up and down the
street, and now a crowd gathered to get
a good look at him.

  In paying for his purchases, he lin-
gered quite a while at the cashier’s desk.
Who wouldn’t linger for a chat with
Mary Morton? She was by far the most
radiant creature and wholly desirable bit
328

WEIRD TALES

of femininity that the little village of
Yankton had ever produced.

  A brief description of the town will
not be amiss. Yankton, Pennsylvania,
boasts one thousand odd inhabitants.
They are quite odd, and Yankton does
not boast them very loudly.

  It is a typical old-time New England
village. This may seem to be a strange
statement to make about a Pennsylvania
community, but New England itself is
now overrun by practically every nation-
ality of Europe. The people of old Eng-
lish stock there have lost their control of
everything, except some of the financial
centers of State Street, and the social cen-
ters of Back Bay. In fact, they have
been forced to recognize the Irish, most
of whom came over in the 1840’s to build
the railroads, as allies of theirs against
the later comers, whom they regard as
non-American.

  But years ago, in Revolutionary times,
the mountains of Pennsylvania and Ohio
were settled by New Englanders of the
original stock. Here you will find the
purest forms of New England Colonial
architecture. Here the Yankee blood has
remained practically uncontaminated,
right down to the present day.

  But they had inbred and degenerated,
for all of that. Individuals of marked
mentality had moved away. The result
was that the inhabitants of Yankton, al-
though superficially prosperous, well-
dressed and modern, were mentally and
morally in the same class with the super-
stitious illiterate mountaineers of other
states and other parts of Pennsylvania
itself. All that kept them from hex-
murders and witchcraft-trials was a
wholesome fear of ridicule; for they were
just educated enough to know that such
things are frowned upon in more cosmo-
politan communities. In fact, it should
be remembered that the New England
forebears of these Yankton folk had had

their own period of hysteria over witch-
craft.

  Mary Morton represented the flower of
the pure old English stock. She had re-
verted to type, after generations of de-
cline. She was the aspiration of all the
young men of Yankton, and so she had
been able to pick for herself the catch of
the town, Herman Fulton.

  Herman had had his eye on the main
chance all his life. At an early age he
had gone to work in the Yankton Bank,
scorning a college career, or even the
completion of high school. There were
no college men in Yankton, except the
two doctors. Not that Yankton men did
not ever go to college, but merely that
those who went to college never returned
to Yankton; they went ojj^to wider fields,
where they made their long-slumbering
heredity tell. Yankton could name with
pride many of these distinguished sons
of hers, men of national repute, who had
turned their backs on their boyhood
home.

  But Herman Fulton had been differ-
ent. He had stuck to the bank, had spent
next to nothing, and had invested and
reinvested his earnings to advantage. At
the age of thirty-five, still a bachelor, he
had worked up to the position of assist-
ant cashier. Not that this indicated that
Herman was possessed of any particular ,
degree of intelligence. In fact, it is
probable that he was subnormal mental-
ly. Even morons are often fiendishly
clever along some one line, and Herman
possessed a well-developed money sense,
if no other. True, he was self-educated
and was an avid reader of books on all
subjects, but it is to be doubted if he
really understood very much of what he
read, although he passed for quite a
learned man in Yankton.

  When the cashier had conveniently
died, soon after Herman’s attaining the
position of assistant, Herman had de-
ANOTHER DRACULA?

329

manded his place—and had been re-
fused. At the next annual meeting he
had calmly ousted the surprized board of
directors, who did not realize that certain
controlling blocks of stock, standing
nominally in the names of old Dr. Por-
ter and others, were really Herman’s;
had substituted a board of his own hench-
men, and had elected himself not cashier
but president!

  After that, whenever Herman Fulton
"requested” anything in Yankton, the
request was usually granted, even if the
granter couldn’t quite figure out just
what Herman intended to do if the re-
quest were refused. Herman was con-
scienceless and ruthless. Thus he speed-
ily became the financial power of Yank-
ton.

  So all the girls, who for years had
been setting their caps for him, had been
intensely jealous when Mary Morton’s
parents had announced her engagement
to Herman.

  And then Dr. Ralph Crane, fresh
from Harvard Medical College, had come
to town, just about a year before this
story begins. He had picked out Yank-
ton as a likely place to build up a coun-
try practise, and had been welcomed by
old Dr. Porter, who had more patients
than he could handle at his advanced age.

  Unfortunately, young Crane had fallen
in love with the beautiful Mary, and it
was evident that she liked him very
much. In fact, if he had arrived on the
scene before her engagement to Herman
Fulton, there can be little doubt that the
dashing young doaor would have speed-
ily won her heart. But, in primitive
communities such as Yankton, engage-
ments are regarded as being almost as
sacred^ as marriages. In faa, they are
usually lived up to a lot better. Engaged
girls don’t even dance with, or receive
calls from, young men other than their
fiances. So Ralph Crane had had to

content himself with worshipping from
a distance, and with such professional
contacts as occasional illnesses in Mary’s
family gave him. Mary herself was al-
ways the piaure of health.

  Entering the Morton Emporium on the
evening in question, Dr. Crane observed
with displeasure the quite evident regard
which the courtly European was display-
ing for Mary, and the flattered interest
which she returned. He would speak to
Herman Fulton about it!

  But, on second thought, he decided
not to speak to Herman after all. If this
old beau could make a*dent in Herman’s
hold on Mary, so much the better. It
was something that he, Crane, would
have liked to do himself, if he had not
been deterred both by respect for the lo-
cal conventions and by fear of Herman’s
power.

  At that, however, there was something
about the performance which jarred on
the young doaor’s sensibilities, in spite
of all his pleasurable anticipations of his
rival’s discomfiture. It may have been
the May and December aspea of the sit-
uation. Or it may have been something
else, some mere instinaive feeling. Per-
haps the uncanny events, which had ac-
companied Monsieur Larousse’s arrival,
contributed to Dr. Crane’s uneasiness.

  Had Monsieur Larousse really "ar-
rived”? This seems a strange question,
in view of the faa that here he was. And
yet, in the course of the evening, gossip
developed the faa that he had not been
seen to alight from any of the trains
which had stopped at Yankton that day,
nor had he got off the Lancaster bus,
nor had he come in his own auto. Yet
here he was, so he must have arrived—
somehow.

  The tall old gentleman lingered in the
Morton store until closing time. Mostly
he wandered up and down the aisles.
Occasionally he would make small pur-
330

WEIRD TALES

chases. Whenever opportunity offered,
he would chat with Mary. His attitude
toward her was courtly and unexception-
able.

  Morton’s had many customers that
evening, but Monsieur Larousse did not
seem to notice that he was the center of
attraction, the cause of unwonted crowds
in the usually sparsely patronized store.

  When Pop Morton finally put up the
shutters, no one happened to notice
where the stranger went. He did not
register at the Republican House, nor did
he put in an appearance all the next day.

  Around noon, Dr. Crane ran across
Dan Callahan on the street. Dan was
in his cab, the doctor on foot.

  "Hop in,” shouted Dan, drawing up
by the curb, "and I’ll take you wherever
you’re going—free. I’ve something to
tell you.”

  "Not that Junior is worse, I hope?”
said the young doctor, as he got in.

  "Heavens, no,” replied the taxi-driver.
"Junior couldn’t get worse with you tend-
ing him, Doc. No, it’s about the old
bird whose coffin we moved yesterday.”

  "Not ill, is he?” asked Crane, profes-
sionally interested, and a bit hopefully.

  "Not as I know of,” replied Dan, "for
he ain’t been seen since the stores closed
last night. No,' it’s about his coffin.
They buried it this morning, without any
service, and in the Wilson lot!”

  "Well?”

  "You know old 'Aunt Hattie’, the
witch who lives in that little cottage just
beyond the cemetery? Lives all alone
except for one big black tom-cat?”

  "Yes.”

  “Well, she’s a Wilson. And it’s her
who owns the Wilson lot.”

  "Hm,” ruminated the young doctor.
"Bats, and coffins, and black cats, and
witches, and burial without church rites.
It does sound a bit spooky, doesn’t it?”

  "It sure does, Doc!” agreed Dan, sol-
emnly.

  But neither of them could advance any
theory as to where Larousse spent his
nights.

3.	Eavesdropping

That evening, as soon as the sun had
set and the bats were out, out came
the elderly stranger as well. For some
time he walked the streets, furnishing
the subject of conversation for whisper-
ing groups. Then, as before, he entered
Morton’s store, and resumed his atten-
tions to Mary.

  His attitude was courteous and respect-
ful. Not a word, not an action, nor
even a glance, that any one could take
exception to. He evidently had traveled
extensively, and he talked interestingly
of all the countries of the world.

  To Mary Morton, cooped up all her
life in this little one-horse Pennsylvania
mountain town, and—since her engage-
ment to Herman Fulton—deprived of all
other male attention, this elderly stranger
was a diversion, in fact almost a god-
send.

  Herman usually spent his evenings in
his office in the bank; but tonight, due to
several anonymous phone-calls in several
female voices, he abruptly left the bank,
dragged his fiancee out from under the
very nose of the elderly stranger, and
huffily took her to the movies, thus de-
priving her father of his cashier for the
rest of the evening.

  Peter Larousse promptly faded from
the scene. His chauffeur had arrived in
town with an expensive foreign car, and
this evening drove him out into the coun-
try. The chauffeur had registered at the
Republican House, and the car was kept
in the hotel garage. But Larousse him-
self did not put up at the Republican
House. His own lodging-place still re-
mained a secret.
ANOTHER DRACULA?

331

  The next morning, as Dr. Crane
dropped into the Morton store to make
some sort of a purchase—a collar, per-
haps—he overheard heated words com-
ing from Pop Morton’s private office in
the rear. The young doctor wasn’t a
gossip or an eavesdropper, and accord-
ingly would have scorned to listen in, had
he not overheard the mention of Mary
Morton’s name. His secret infatuation
for the beautiful girl now proved too
much for him, and so he at once devel-
oped an unexplainable interest in some
kitchen cutlery, displayed on a counter
along the opaque-glass partition which
shielded the proprietor’s sanctum.

  "Am I, or am I not, engaged to your
daughter?” came from the other side of
the wall in the unmistakable tones of
Herman Fulton.

  "Of course you are—of course you
are,” replied Pop Morton soothingly.

  "Well, then,” continued the young
banker, "haven’t I a right to object to my
fiancee compromising herself with that
fish-eyed old French li2ard?”

  "But she ain’t compromising herself,”
objected Pop. "That fish-eyed old
French lizard, as you call him, has been
perfectly polite and respectful to her.
Besides, he buys lots of things at my
store; and lots of people come in here
every evening to take a look at him. He
draws more crowds here than any adver-
tising display I’ve put on in years. And
if Mary draws him, what harm’s done,
at least as long as he behaves himself?”
"It’s got to stop! I demand it!”

  "But why? Why stop me making
money? Is that a sensible way to treat
your future pa-in-law?”

"The future wife of Herman Fulton
has got to be discreet. If she can’t be
discreet, I’ll break off the engagement.”
"Now, Herman,” remonstrated Mor-
ton, "I’d hate to think you cared as little

for Mary as all that. You wouldn’t do
anything like that, I’m sure.”

  "Well, perhaps not,” admitted the
banker, rather sheepishly. Then taking
a new tack, "But do I, or do I not, hold
a mortgage on your store?”

  "Sh! Sh! For heaven’s sake, Her-
man, don’t be so loud about it. I don’t
want that mortgage broadcast all over the
county.”

  "Why not? It’s on record with the
prothonotary up at the county seat, isn’t
it?”

  The storekeeper ignored this question,
and countered with: "See here, Herman,
you leave this Mooseer Larousse alone
for avfew weeks, and I’ll be making

enough off of him to pay up your d-d

old mortgage.”

  "Now, Pop, is that a nice way to speak
of your mortgage, when I was so kind as
to help you out and lend you all that
money when you had to have it or go
under? And it isn’t a question of paying
off the mortgage 'in a few weeks’; it’s a
question of paying off that mortgage
right notv! It’s already overdue, and I
demand payment. My engagement to
your daughter stands, but it’s the mort-
gage against Monsieur Larousse. Mary
must stop acting as your cashier until
that spooky old devil stops hanging
around your store.”

  "Why do you call him a spooky old
devil?” asked Pop Morton artlessly, seek-
ing to divert Fulton from his line of at-
tack.

   "Because he is one!” replied the latter,
momentarily diverted. "He comes here
with a coffin, and all kinds of strange
bats and things. Nobody knows who he
is, or how he got here, or where he came
from. He never shows up, except at
night. He keeps under cover in the day-
time, and nobody knows where or why.”
Dr. Crane, listening outside, chuckled
softly to himself. "I know why, even if
332

WEIRD TALES

I don’t know where. It’s that confound-
ed skin disease he told me about.’’
Meanwhile Herman Fulton was con-
tinuing, on the other side of the thin
partition, "And he buried his coffin in
the Wilson lot, which belongs to that old
black-cat witch, Aunt Hattie. He looks
spooky, too. He looks like—why, do
you know what he looks like? It’s only
just occurred to me. I’ve been reading
a book I got out of the public library,
called Dracula, by a man named Bram
Stoker. All about a he-vampire, who
was dead and buried, and yet came out
of his coffin every night, and sucked peo-
ple’s blood, until they died and became
vampires, too. This Dracula could turn
himself into a bat, or a wolf, or a shower
of moonbeams, in order to get at his vic-
tims. I’ll bet this old bird is Count Drac-
ula himself, or at least another vampire
of exactly the same sort. He looks just
like the way Dracula was described in
that story.”

  "Ha, ha, ha!” exclaimed Pop Morton,
with forced levity. "Well, that’s a good
one. Ha, ha, ha! A fo-vampire, eh?
Why, I thought vampires were only shes.
That’s the way they always are in the
movies. And they don’t bite folks
neither. Ha, ha, ha! A Ae-vampire!
Well, that’s a good one.”

  "Don’t laugh, Pop. I’m serious about
this. I really am. This is quite a dif-
ferent kind of vampire. It would make
your blood run cold to read that story.
That man, Larousse, is a positive menace
to this community!”

  "Now, Herman,” remonstrated Mor-
ton in surprize. "You don’t mean to tell
me that you take any stock in such a
cock-and-bull yarn as that?”

  "Yes, I do, Pop. That story is sup-
posed to be based on mediaeval European
traditions. These blood-sucking vam-
pires were well known in the old days.
I’ve looked up about them in the ency-

clopedia, too. Seriously, I believe the
man’s a menace. He ought to be run
out of town.”

  And then Pop Morton committed the
tactical mistake of saying, "But what’s to
prevent my making a little money off
him, first?” thereby bringing the conver-
sation back to the argument from which
he had just succeeded in distracting Her-
man’s attention.

  He bit his lip, but it was too late to
recall the words.

  ”What’s to prevent?” snorted the
banker. "I’m to prevent. You take
Mary right out of your store and keep

her out, or-”

  "But it’ll cost too much to hire an-
other girl to do her work!” interposed
Pop wofully. “Entirely apart from the
money I lose by losing this he-vampire’s
trade, you want me to lay out extra
money hiring a substitute for my own
daughter, who don’t cost me nothing.”
“Do you talk of money at a time like
this, with your own daughter’s health,
happiness, life, and even soul at stake?
Pop, I’m ashamed of you! But I’ll tell
you what I’ll do: I'll pay the wages of the
substitute, and not put it on the mort-
gage either. Actually pay it out of my
own pocket. And then we needn’t tell
Mary any of the reasons for what we’re
doing. No need to hurt her feelings by
letting on to her what it’s all about. We
can tell her that I’m doing it as a special
present to her, and because I object to
the future Mrs. Fulton occupying a
menial position, even in her own father’s
store. My wife must be free of all de-
grading toil.”

  “But think of all the trade I’ll be los-
ing,” Morton objected feebly.

  "Trade be d-d!” snapped Herman.

"Think of you daughter—and your mort-
gage,” he added.

  The two men emerged, and Dr. Crane
hurried away from the cutlery counter.
ANOTHER DRACULA?

333

   As he left, he heard Pop Morton whis-
per, "Do you suppose he heard us?”
"Don’t care if he did,” replied Her-
man Fulton, but not in a whisper. "He’s
only a sawbones.”

   That night there was a new young lady
at the cashier’s window of the Morton
Emporium. But when Pop put up the
shutters and went home at nine o’clock,
he found Peter Larousse seated on the
front piazza in earnest conversation with
the beautiful Mary.

4.	Werewolves and Such

So it became evident that merely re-
lieving Mary Morton of her job as
cashier of her father’s store had not been
enough to put a stop to the objectionable
attentions of the weird old foreigner,
who, Herman Fulton insisted from the
depths of his reading, must be the orig-
inal vampire Count Dracula, or at least
his double.

   Deprived of the opportunity of chat-
ting with Mary at the cashier’s wicket,
Monsieur Larousse called on her at her
home.

   Her father felt that, of course, he
ought to report the matter at once to her
fiance. But he kept putting this off, due
partly to a general irresolution of charac-
ter, partly to fear of facing Herman Ful-
ton, and partly—it must be confessed—
to a sort of satisfaction that he felt in the
coming-to-naught of all the trouble that
Herman had caused him.

   As a result, it was several days before
Herman discovered how the land lay.
Mary could not be blamed, for no one
had ever warned her against the old
Frenchman. So for several evenings in
succession, Peter Larousse called on her,
and was welcomed. As she had been
accustomed to spending her evenings at
the store, time now hung heavy on her
hands. Her fiance was busy down at the

bank, making money, and so she wel-
comed the visits of the distinguished for-
eigner.

  Although his personality was rather
chilling and revolting, yet he did bring
to her the fresh outlook of the outside
world. He talked entertainingly of the
far countries which he had visited. All
peoples and all times seemed familiar to
him. And Mary rapidly began to realize
what a limited, narrowing and cooped-up
sort of a place Yankton was, after all!

  But one night Herman called to take
her to the movies, and found Peter La-
rousse already there. •

  Herman was chilled with horror at
first. And then he boiled internally at
the thought that all the good money he
had spent in hiring Mary’s substitute
down at the store had been utterly wast-
ed, for it had given "old Dracula” an
opportunity to see her even more inti-
mately at home. Herman would have
liked to make a scene then and there. In
fact, he nearly did. But his long bank-
ing career had schooled him to the real-
ization that making oneself ridiculous
has a bad effect on business. And busi-
ness was always uppermost in Herman
Fulton’s considerations. So, although
with difficulty, he steeled himself to be
courteous to the older man, and politely
begged him to excuse Mary for a prear-
ranged date.

   The stranger, with equal courtesy, sub-
mitted. But his eyes sized up the young
banker appraisingly.

  The deferred "scene” took place in the
Morton parlor later that evening, on the
return from the show. Herman stormed,
and Mary wept and had to be comforted.
But finally, because she really did care
for her fiance, in spite of his peculiarities
and his domineering manner, she agreed
that she would always be "out” there-
after, whenever Larousse called.

  Larousse called regularly every night
334

WEIRD TALES

for a week, and at last gave it up. Like
the drunken man who was thrown out
of a party three times in succession, he
knew when he wasn’t wanted.

  From then on, he walked the streets
rather aimlessly after nightfall. Some-
times he would drop into a picture show,
or would sit in the lobby of the Repub-
lican House, or eveil would make assorted
purchases at the Morton Emporium. But
by now he had become a familiar figure
to the people of Yankton, and he no long-
er excited their attention. To no one,
except Herman Fulton, old Dr. Porter,
and young Dr. Crane, was he any longer
of any moment. The interest of the two
doctors was purely professional, although
he would not let either of them treat his
strange ailment. Herman kept his weird
theories to himself, for fear of ridicule,
but he read everything that he could find
on the subject of vampires, even sending
to Philadelphia for books, when he had
exhausted the bibliography of the Yank-
ton Carnegie Library.

  And anyhow, so far as known, La-
rousse hadn’t yet bitten any one in Yank-
ton. But he was never seen to eat any
regular food.

Even if the mystery of the mysterious
stranger hadn’t grown stale, there
now were other matters to distract the
attention of the citizens of Yankton. It
was an unusually dry summer, and the
drought afforded an absorbing topic of
conversation.

  In addition to the loss of crops and the
threat against the town’s water-supply,
there began to be a large and unexplain-
able loss of chickens. Traps were set
every evening, and were found sprung
every morning, and still the toll of fowls
continued. Several people reported hav-
ing seen a lone wolf in the mountains
back of the town.

  Peter Larousse dropped gradually out

of sight. He seldom appeared downtown
in the evening any more, but no one took
particular note of this defection, so in-
tent had they all become on the lone wolf,
and the depredation of the chickens,
which two phenomena were now quite
generally linked together in people’s
minds.

  More people saw the wolf. Several
poultry-raisers sat up in ambush and got
shots at him, but he seemed to bear a
charmed life, and to be immune to their
bullets.

  Eventually a huge German police-dog
was found dead in the hills; and from
that time on, the wolf was not seen again,
and no more chickens were stolen; but
no one could persuade the people of
Yankton that these events had anything
to do with each other. They knew per-
fectly well, these Pennsylvania mountain-
eers, that the wolf had merely transferred
his predatory operations elsewhere.
Couldn’t they tell a wolf from a dog?

  As for Herman Fulton, he had his own
theories on the subject, but he kept them
to himself.

  About the time of the end of the wolf
episode, Mary Morton was taken ill, and
called in Dr. Crane. The young doctor
didn’t mind this at all, until the case be-
gan to get serious. Then he became
frankly puzzled with the situation.

  In spite of a good appetite and the con-
sumption of plenty of food, Mary began
to lose weight and grew pale and wan.
Tonics were administered, but they
seemed to be only temporarily stimulat-
ing. Finally blood-transfusions were re-
sorted to, and these soon had to become
more and more frequent. It was evident
that Mary was losing blood steadily and
rapidly, and yet there was no apparent
cause for this loss.

  Peter Larousse reappeared in his old
haunts. His health seemed to have been
ANOTHER DRACULA?

335

greatly improved by the bracing air of
the Pennsylvania mountains.

5.	Dr. Crane’s Adventure

Finally the young doaor prescribed
a change of scene for his patient.
He recommended that she be sent to the
seashore, and that specialists be called in.
But her fiance, although most solicitous,
had a narrow provincial clinging to his
native town.

  "There is no spot in the world more
healthful than the Pennsylvania moun-
tains,” he insisted. "Now that the wolf-
scare is all over, let’s put her in my cabin
in the hills back of the town. I’ll have
the place all tidied up, and will hire Mr.
and Mrs. Foss to take care of it. Pay for
the whole performance myself, too. Mrs.
Foss used to be a trained nurse before she
married Josh Foss, so we’ll be killing two
birds with one stone.”

  Dr. Crane reluaantly had to acquiesce.
Herman Fulton was not only boss of the
town; he was boss of Mary Morton, too.

  Mary seemed to improve slightly under
the change, and Ralph Crane soon found
that the remote location of the camp gave
him an opportunity to spend an undue
amount of time with his patient, without
attraaing attention or exciting any gossip.

  Then Mary began to fail again. She
became paler and paler, and more and
more bloodless.

   Her fiance, in accordance with his the-
ories, made her a present of a beautiful
chased gold crucifix, inlaid with (what
he said were) diamonds, which he
begged her to wear all the time in mem-
ory of him. He hung the cabin with
bunches of garlic; but as Mary happened
peculiarly to be rather partial to their
acrid odor, she did not mind, especially
as she thought that he knew of this
strange liking of hers, and was doing it
on that account.

  He puttied up all the window-cracks
with what appeared to be bread-crumbs,
and did not mention the faa that he had
procured this material at the Catholic
church down the valley. Mary and he
were good Methodists.

   Dr. Crane ascribed this puttying to the
old New England superstition as to the
baneful effea of night air. He remon-
strated roundly on general sanitary con-
siderations, but finally gave in when the
nights turned suddenly colder with ap-
proaching autumn, especially as the cabin
leaked air like a sieve, anyhow.

  Ralph Crane spent long hours nearly
every evening with Mary, except on the
occasions when Herman Fulton was there.
As a result, Ralph and Mary became very
good friends. For the most part they
talked of their pasts, than which there is
no better way of getting well acquainted.
The girl recounted all the personal de-
tails of her rather uneventful Yankton
girlhood. The young doaor told of his
city childhood, his boyhood on a New
Hampshire farm, and his struggles to put
himself through Phillips Exeter Acad-
emy, Dartmouth College, and Harvard
Medical School.

  Herman Fulton didn’t seem to mind
this intimacy. In faa a sick, weak, blood-
less and somewhat petulant Mary rather
bored him, in spite of his regard and con-
cern for her; and so he was glad to have
some one else—provided no scandal was
involved—take off his hands the task
of keeping her amused.

  One evening when the doaor and the
girl were sitting alone together in front
of the cabin, the full moon and a soft
whispering mountain breeze were most
suggestive of the appropriateness of
ghost stories; so Crane embarked on-an
apt tale of his New Hampshire boyhood.

  "The farm on which I worked,” said
he, “was about two mfles from the lake
336

WEIRD TALES

from which we got our water supply.
There was a hot-air pump down by the
shore of the lake, which pumped the
water up to a tank beside the barn. That
sort of pump is a very simple affair: a
little fire-box, holding only a shovel-
ful or two of coal, and then a single
air-cylinder and piston about a foot
in diameter on top of that, and then on
top of the cylinder a heavy three foot fly-
wheel. This was the engine layout. I
don’t remember how the pump itself was
hitched up—all we had to bother with
was the engine. If that went, then the
pump went too. You don’t see many of
that kind of pump nowadays.”

  "I never heard of one,” the girl said.

  Dr. Crane continued, "It would run
all night on one loading of coal; that is,
unless it happened to stop. When it
stopped, you could tell up at the farm-
house, because the 'thump, thump, thump’
in the pipes wouldn’t sound any more.
Then whichever of the farmhands’ turn
it was, would have to light up a lantern,
trudge two miles through the woods
down to the lake, climb up on the big
flywheel, hang on to one side of it to
give it a spin, and thus start the pump
pumping again. Well, this particular
summer, we were troubled with mountain
lions.”

  "Real lions?” interrupted Mary.

  "Not the kind you see in circuses,” ex-
plained Ralph. "The kind that we had
up in New Hampshire looked about like
a lioness, only somewhat smaller and
slimmer. Both sexes look alike. The
male hasn’t any mane. Sometimes they
call this creature a mountain lion, or a
catamount, cougar, panther, painter,
puma, or what have you? Well, anyhow,
two of them came down out of the north
woods up by Mount Chocorua, and
started stealing chickens, much like this
wolf they had around here last month.

Only these beasts occasionally took sheep,
and calves, too. A boy friend of mine,
Tolly Piper, was driving the cows home
from pasture one day, when one of these
lions jumped out of the bushes, picked
up a calf right under Tolly’s nose, and
jumped back into the bushes again with
it.”

  "Horrible!” murmured the girl.

  The young doctor warmed to his story,
and went on. "One day one of them
walked right into an afternoon tea of
summer folks. It calmly surveyed the
scene, while all the people sat frozen to
stone. Then it slipped quietly back into
the woods again. And at night you could
hear them calling to each other from one
range of hills to another. A most weird
sound!”

  "Did you ever see either of them?”
asked the girl.

  "Saw both of them,” was the reply.
"One night around midnight I was lying
awake in my second-story room in the
farmhouse, listening to the howls, when
I noticed that the voices of the two lions
came nearer and nearer together, until
finally they met in the woods just between
the farm and the lake. Then the sounds
got louder and louder. We had some
tame foxes in a wire-netting cage just
back of the house, and I could hear our
poor little pets whimpering with fright.
Then there came an unusually fierce
scream from one of the lions, followed by
a crash against the wires of the cage.
Then another scream and another crash,
as the other beast sprang. This was re-
peated several times, but after a time the
two animals gave it up, and came toward
the house. I could see them distinctly in
the moonlight, which was as bright as it
is tonight. They would walk a few steps,
and then sit on their haunches, throw
back their heads, and howl. One time
(Continued on page 424)

W.T.—3
7/>e Houje of tKe Golden

IF TIM GALLAGHER had not spent
twenty-four of his twenty-eight years
in America, three thousand miles
from the land of his birth, he would have
missed the adventure that greeted him
almost as soon as he set foot again in
County Cork; for the wisdom of his na-
tive land would have warned him that
the odds were against even his six feet
of young strength. But American public
school and college and associates had
practically obliterated his atavistic "super-
stition,” and so it was that he spent half
a night following the dancing lure of
light that kept always just out of reach—
careless alike of the fact that it was May
Eve, and that better men than he had
lost in their pitiful conflict with the will-
o’-the-wisp.

   W. T.—4

  In fact, Irish though he was, he did
not realize that it was the will-o’-the-
wisp that he followed; he knew only that
here was something puzzling, intriguing,
which challenged his imagination and de-
termination; and so he went after it,
striding on firm ground, crashing into
briers, sloshing dangerously through a
swamp. And always, definite yet elusive,
barely an arm’s length away, yet as free
of his grasp as the stars, the witch-light
dulled his apprehension, until, suddenly
conscious of a barrier other than rocks or
trees, he tore his gaze from that flicker-
ing invitation and found himself con-
fronted with a building.

  It was one of those peasant-cabins
familiar to every tourist, but in the dark-
ness it seemed to have a significance out

                                      337
338

WEIRD TALES

of all proportion to its size—a signif-
icance enhanced by the mere faa of its
existence in so desolate and lonely a
place.

  Tentatively, Tim started around it,
ready to spring back or forward at the
slightest warning, yet unaware of what
he fcatcd; and moving in this way, he
felt a slight but unmistakable shock on
finding his path barred by a great, flow-
ering shrub, which seemed to throw a
peculiar unreal glamor over everything.

  Tim had never before seen red haw-
thorn in bloom; he could not really be
said to see it now, but in the darkness,
he fek it—all its compelling, superna-
tural beauty aaing almost like a drug to
his tired body and nerves.

  l7or a long minute, he stood sensing it,
struggling to recall the forgotten lore of
his homeland. Hawthorn — it meant
something—it had some strange associa-
tion, deep-rooted in his race. . . .

  He shrugged, abandoning the effort,
and was about to knock, to ask his way
back to the town he had left, when a
slight rustle caused him to turn sharply.
Luckily, as he did so, his shoulder
touched the cottage door, and it gave.
The next instant he was inside, his-back
against its,rotting panels; the sweat pour-
ing over his livid face at the recolleaion
of the two oblique yellow eyes that had
flared out of the darkness, hardly a yard
away.

  What had he seen? What manner of
beast was it that crept out of the night,
invisible even in shadowy outline, except
for those terrible eyes? Was it a beast at
all? Was it anything—except his imagi-
nation?

  His mouth twisted in a bad attempt at
a smile. Imagination! Where would he
get an imagination to conjure up even an
hallucination as infinitely evil as those
eyes?

  There was something there—outside
—waiting for him. Or was it waiting?
Would it wait?

  Wait? Naturally. What else could it
do? He was here, sheltered, safe. Here
he would stay, until dawn. For some
reason, he felt that the thing, whatever
it was, would be powerless in broad sun-
light. He would wait, dien. It was ri-
diailous to yield ^to the prickle at his
spine, the weak chattering of his teeth.
With an almost heroic effort, he con-
trolled them — and as if in deliberate
mockery, a cascade of ghastly, demoniac
laughter seemed to fall from die rafters,
just above his head.

  At die same second, direaly in front
of him, less than ten feet away, the dread
golden ellipses flared—and faded.

  At that, sheer, absolute terror owned
him—terror in whidi was no element of
common sense or reason. He lurched
forward, stubbed his toe, and caught up
the small stool in his path, instina mak-
ing him grab it automatically, as a wea-
pon.

  His quick motion had an unexpected
result; it fanned into momentary life a
fragment of peat, and die glow gave him
a swift knowledge of the hut’s interior:
it was about eight feet square, with a cen-
tral hearth, and one window. The reali-
zation of that window restored his cour-
age. Through it, he had seen those ter-
rible eyes—they were not visible through
a wall, nor had their owner entered the
hut in some uncanny way; and die
knowledge served to revive his reason.

  He was moving slowly now, sliding
along the wall. If he could reach the
window, reconnoiter widiout being seen
or sensed by the thing outside, he might
be able to settle the mystery. After all,
many animals had eyes luminous at night;
it might be diat it was only his fatigue
THE HOUSE OF THE GOLDEN EYES

339

that gave these such a sinister atmos-
phere.

  A faint draft warned him that the win-
dow was less than a foot away; and its
freshness made him abruptly aware of
the fetid odor of the cottage. From the
moment of his entry he had been vaguely
conscious of it, even through the nerve-
racking events of the past few minutes;
but now it nauseated him, and he closed
his eyes, drawing deep breaths of the
night air.

  Fortunately, it refreshed him, for rais-
ing his lids, he found himself staring
into those golden eyes, and knew that
they were steadily approaching. Gather-
ing himself together, his left hand took
quick measurement of the window, while
his right raised the stool. But he never
threw it, for without sound or warning,
the space between him and those eyes
melted; something slashed his face from
the corner of his brow to his mouth,
barely missing his eye; and he found him-
self hung half over the sill grappling
with an unknown antagonist which
seemed to fight him as impersonally and
effortlessly as a spirit.

  But it was not a spirit; twice his hand
closed on thick, short fur, beneath which
he sensed delicate bones. The second
time, he wrenched violently at what
seemed to be the creature’s foreleg, and
only the repeated slash of pain—this time
across his grasping hand — saved the
bones in his grip from being snapped.
In the second his grasp relaxed, his an-
tagonist jerked back, and in that instant’s
respite he realized the terrible danger of
grappling with this unknown thing, par-
ticularly with his own strength and tech-
nique so seriously impaired by the wall
between them. Undoubtedly the part of
wisdom was to sit, back to the door, stool
in hand, keeping a dark vigil until dawn;
and he had almost decided to do this,

when the terrible golden eyes were again
directed toward him, and he realized that
they must be barely outside the window,
or actually within the room. There was
only one thing to do. Raising the stool,
he beat straight at them, and though the
blow was broken by the wood splintering
against the window-frame, he knew that
it had to some extent struck home, for a
scream more terrible than any sound he
had ever heard filled the night with awful
vibrations. It was neither human nor
animal; every tree and stone in the des-
olate place seemed to echo it; the house
itself quivered with it.

   Abruptly, he felt that the conflict was
over, that he was alone; yet he had none
of the exhilaration of the victor. He was
dizzy, nauseated, oppressed by the dark-
ness, the lack of air, the stench in the
cottage. The gash in his face had begun
to throb, and putting up his hand, he dis-
covered it was deeper than he had re-
alized. Somewhere, there must be water
in the cottage; gathering his spent
strength, he began a blind hunt for it.
Twice, he bumped into the wall; once,
into a rickety table. Except for that, and
a bundle that might be rags serving for a
bed, the place seemed empty.

   At last, he discovered a series of rough
board shelves, but his quick hope that
there might be a water-jug on them was
vain. The lowest was crowded with bot-
tles—small, queerly shaped phials, for
the most part; toward the back, two or
three of decanter size cheated him afresh,
by proving to be filled with noxious,
strange liquids. The second shelf held
books, and his hand on their covers dis-
turbed thick dust—or the brown, musty
powder into which ancient calf bindings
degenerate. The third held a few broken
pieces of. crockery, and what felt like
pewter utensils.

  The fourth seemed at first empty. On
340

WEIRD TALES

a level just above his head, his exploring
hand ran half its length without encoun-
tering anything. Then, quite without
warning, he touched the shelf’s sole occu-
pant. It was warm, alive. He was aware
of a muted thrum and rustle just above
his head, and jumped back at the instant
that die cottage was filled again with
ghastly, inhuman laughter.

  His heel caught in the bundled rags;
he stumbled, fell backward, lay still,
aware of two things: the filthy odor
which permeated the place was like a
drug, stifling him; and there was some-
diing hovering just above him. He could
not see it, but he knew it was there; he
almost fancied he could feel a faint
breath—yet it was too quick, too pulsing
for breathing. With a great effort he
raised his hand to his face—apparently
nothing was above him; yet, in that last
instant of consciousness, he knew that it
was something living suspended in the
air, not a foot away.

When he opened his eyes, the sun
was streaming into the hut, and—
except for the dull pain of his face, and
hand — the whole ghastly night might
have been a dream. There was nothing
whatever sinister about the little room; it
was precisely what he had at first thought
it—a typical peasant’s home. It was not
even as dirty as most of them were. Then
he remembered, and sniffed apprehen-
sively, and discovered a faint, unmistak-
able trace of the odor that had practically
anesthetized him die night before.

  What could it have been? He raised
himself half on his elbow and stared
about. There was no trace of food or
drink—nothing that could have so filled
the room with disgust. His gaze reached
the hearth, rediscovered the dead peat
ashes. Swung above them was a great iron
pot. It must be in that; the place was

apparently abandoned, and its former
owner might have left food in it. In that
case, the fire lit by some chance wanderer
the night before might very well have
liberated die fetidness.

  He was on the point of rousing him-
self and investigating, when he heard
someone singing. The voice was a
woman’s, peculiarly sweet, and with just
that undercurrent of wildness appropri-
ate to her surroundings. He lay back
again on the bundle of rags which had
served him for a bed, and listened, com-
fortably aware that she was approaching,
and that many of his problems would be
solved by her presence. Undoubtedly she
would get him water and food, and once
he had had diem, and relaxed long
enough to regain some of his lost nervous
energy, he could follow her directions
bade to town.

  She was near enough now for him to
hear the rustle of the shrubbery which
she brushed in passing. Another minute,
and her song had stopped on a peculiarly
haunting minor note; and glancing up,
he saw her in die doorway.

  He was impressed at first with her
slender straightness; it hardly seemed
that her feet touched the ground, and the
slight wind stirring her full skirt added
to the atmosphere of lightness about her.
In her hand she held a branch of the
hawthorn. The sun struck through its
translucent blossoms, and turned her
tousled red hair to a living flame, giving
her delicate silhouette peculiar life. He
watched her for a long minute, in sheer
pleasure at die dark, lithe outline, with
its relief of fragile red flowers, and then
realized diat she was not alone. On her
shoulder perched a great blade bird.

  He said, "Come in, won’t you?”

  She did not answer, and he felt that
she was smiling widi a sort of amused
contempt; but she did. as he asked, and
THE HOUSE OF THE GOLDEN EYES

341

he noticed as she moved that her walk
justified his first impression of her light-
ness. She seemed almost to float as she
crossed to him. There was only one
blemish to her perfect grace—her left
arm hung limp at her side, as if a blow
had paralyzed or injured it.

  When she was quite near him, she
turned a little; and now, for the first
time, he saw her face.

  Just why he should have felt that
slight, subconscious shock he could not
have said. It was undoubtedly the per-
fect face for such a figure — the face
which,Jhe should have expected. Long,
with slightly pointed chin, it had all the
fragile beauty he could have desired for
it. The slightly peaked brows were like
an etching on the white skin, and the
amber eyes beneath them were the na-
tural accompaniment for burnished red
hair. There was only one thing to mar
the first impression of perfect beauty.
The girl had apparently been eating ber-
ries, and a tiny red stain at the corner of
. her full lips threw the moudi out of
symmetry.

   As she paused beside him, the great
bird on her shoulder teetered forward,
and seemed to peer into his face with
sinister curiosity. He saw her lips move,
and though he heard nothing, the bird
flapped its wings, and with a peculiarly
ungraceful motion rose from her shoul-
der and sagged through the air to the
shelf. He realized suddenly that this had
been the diing he had touched in the
dark, the thing he had sensed hovering
above him as he sank into his coma.

   He said sharply, "Do you live here?”

   For a second, he thought a queer light
moved behind the girl’s eyes, but when
she answered him, her voice had all the
sweetness that had filled her singing.

  "Yes. How did you come here?”

•	"I lost my way.”

  "How long have you been here?”
  "Since an hour or so after dark.”

   He felt that she was about to say some-
thing, then, but though her eyes returned
to him three or four times, and her lips
half parted, she did not speak. Finally,
he broke the silence.

  "I am very thirsty. Can you get me
some water?”

  Her brows drew together. "Water?”
"Yes, of course. I told you I am
thirsty, and I haven't washed since sun-
down. Besides—my face-”

  He moved slightly, so that his slashed
cheek was suddenly out of the shadow,
and toward her; and at sight of it, she
started back, a combination of horror and
sorrow contorting her face. A queer
little sound broke from her—something
between a cry and a moan; and at die
same instant die terrible laughter which
had twice before frozen him, filled the
cottage.

  "Good God—what is-”

  "Nothing!” She leaned toward him,
panting a little. "Only my bird. He has

a split palate—it is nothing to fear-”

  Her voice faded, and in spite of her
words of reassurance, he was swept by
sudden, inexplicable dread. There was
something too intent, almost fascinated,
in her gaze. Fixed on his wound, it
seemed to sear it like a flame.

  He raised himself on his elbow, and
that threw his face into shadow again,
and once her gaze was broken, she drew
a long, shuddering breath, and moved
back, swaying as if she had been on the
point of fainting.

  "Water — you said you wanted

water-”

  "No matter!” He forced himself to
his feet. "I’ll get it—there must be a

spring-”

   But in spite of her apparent faintness,
she reached the door before him.
342

WEIRD TALES

  "No! You will not leave!” and as he
started back, frowning: "It would be
foolish for you to go. You do not know
where there is a spring. Besides”—there
was something almost cunning in her
eyes—"you are tired; you have lost much
blood-”

  Her voice rose weirdly, and she turned
and ran from him, sending the word
echoing back to him from the trees—
"Blood . . . blood . . ”

He.determined to leave at once, in
spite of his exhaustion, and was
about to step out of doors when he saw
the girl’s hawthorn bough across the
threshold, and stooped to put it aside. It
was too lovely to tread on. The next mo-
ment, he regretted his softness, for the
movement seemed to liberate a swarm of
bees, which had apparently been stealing
honey from the flowers. There were so
many of them that it would have been
foolhardy to force a way through them,
and he drew back into the shelter of the
hut, furious at the delay.

  At any moment the girl might come
back, and he found himself dreading her
return. What was it about the cottage,
about her, that filled him with such ter-
ror? America, with its healthy matter-of-
factness, seemed-of another world; here,
his atavism owned him, claimed him
through immemorial centuries for forgot-
ten beliefs and fears. A week before, he
would have scorned any hysterical girl
for believing in the fancies which held
him now. He kept telling himself that
it was all ridiculous—but the slash across
his cheek proved that, ridiculous or not,
there was real danger here. Instinct
warned him that he must get away before
the owner returned, and he was about to
chance the bees when he remembered the
pot on the hob.

  It would take only a second to inves-

tigate it; and he realized that there was
something about it—something which he
must know.

  He crossed to the hearth, and holding
his breath, removed the heavy lid. A thin
bluish vapor rose and twisted upward.
He peered into the black interior but
could see nothing. At the same instant
he heard a footstep, and replacing the
cover, whirled around.

  The girl stood in the doorway, an
earthen ewer in her hand. Apparently
she had no suspicion of his prying, and
entered the place as casually as though
there were no need for haste or fear or
distrust; and her first words held none of
the suggestion that had undertoned her
last ones.

  "If you’ll come into the light, I’ll
bathe it-”

  Instead of gratitude, revulsion filled
him. "No—I’ll do it. Thanks. Out
there. Are the bees gone?”	*

  "Bees?” He thought he heard a faint
note of mockery behind the monosyllable,
but her face was guileless. "There are
no bees hereabouts.”

  He was on the point of speaking, but
thought better of it, and seated himself
on the stone lintel. The girl leaned
against the door jamb, watching; and as
the water cleansed the slash, and the
blood began to flow, he realized that she
was quivering, and felt a sudden over-
whelming nausea.

  He had no doubt now that she was
mad, and that her insanity was liberated
by blood—the sight, even the thought, of
it shaking her equilibrium. He had heard
many strange tales of maniacs who
seemed normal until some slight mishap
overthrew their delicate mental balance.

  "Go inside,” he said harshly, and when
she did not move, he looked up. "Go
on!”

  She ran her tongue over her lips. He
THE HOUSE OF THE GOLDEN EYES

343

saw that it was pointed, and too red. It
touched the comer of her mouth—the
little red stain. Her eyes glittered.

  He trembled with horrid realization,
and sprang to his feet.

  She fell back before him—and was
suddenly only a normal, beautiful girl—
laughing a little.

  "You are nervous. What is the mat-
ter?”

  He hesitated. Should he confront her
with his discovery, make a bold front and
tell her the truth?

  "Come in,” she said, and there was
only quiet invitation in her tone. But he
shuddered.

  "No. I'm going on, now. Thanks.”

  "Going on?” She shook her head.
"But you can’t. The storm-”

  He had not noticed a storm before.
He could have sworn that there had been
no sign of one a moment before; yet now
die sky was black, and the heavy menace
of thunder shook die place. A drop
splashed at his feet.

  "You see? And there is no regular
road from here. It would be foolish—
even dangerous-”

   She was still standing just over the sill,
but he shook his head.

  “I’ll watch it from here. I’m not
afraid of storms.”

  Her eyes were brooding. "As you
wish.”

  She turned from him, and seemed to
fade into the storm-darkness of the hut’s
interior. He could not see her, and this
added to his uneasiness, though he heard
her moving about. He shifted his posi-
tion, so that he could watch the place
where she must be; but to know that she
was there, and yet discover no trace of
her, was worse than not to know her
whereabouts.

  As if in answer to his thought, a quick
flame rose on the hearth. He had heard

no match struck, and the effect was that
of created, spontaneous light; but he was
grateful for it, whatever its source. By
it he could see much of the room—and
though lie could not discover his "host-
ess,” there was a human shadow, unmis-
takably indicating her presence.

  Suddenly, he knew that it was strange
that lie could not see the girl. Someone
was stirring the pot. He could hear the
sound of a spoon going round and tound
in it; he could see it sway and swing to
the rhythm.

  Yet—there was no human thing beside
that /hearth.

  The brew began to bubble. He could
hear it—and hear also a soft, persistent
muttering. No syllable could he distin-
guish; yet suddenly, clear as the light-
ning around him, flashed the key to that
night’s mystery.

  He had been lured by some super-
human force to diis place; he was held
here by the same force. What it was, no
man could say—but it ruled more human
beings dian any other intangible thing.
He was in die spell of witchcraft. The
girl was a witch. The bird was no bird
—-it was a demon, and the laughter Shat
had frozen him was demon-1 aughter.
God knew what was in the terrible
pot--

  What would be in it by morning?

  In swift dread he flung from the door-
way; and as if to mock his futility, a
sword of fire descended from the sky,
split a great tree, crashed it across his
path. The shock threw him back against
the hut, but he was unconscious of the
pain of the impact. He knew only that he
must escape—now—at once.

  Answering his resolution, the mutter-
ing inside became frenzied. The great
red hawthorn swayed, bent to the earth.
Was it only the wind that moved it, and
tossed its brandies into a bristling bar-
344

WEIRD TALES

rier? Hawthorn—he remembered now—
it was the witches’ tree, and sacred to the
Sidhe. No Irishman would harm so much
as a leaf of it. When the girl had broken
a bough, he should have realized that
she was not all human.

  Inside the cottage was a hush more
dreadful than sound.

  He moved very slightly, stared in. The
girl stood by the table. She was lighting
three candles. He noticed that they were
black, and the forgotten phrase, "corpse
candle,” stirred his memory, made him
shiver. Yet by their light she seemed
both human and fragile. His courage re-
turned. He strode into the place, deter-
mined to make an end of what all his
training had taught him was ridiculous.

  She turned slowly. Back to the light,
she was again a silhouette. In the storm-
darkened room he saw her eyes—golden
ellipses.

  It had been she—she, herself! Not
some creature out of hell, to do her bid-
ding—but herself! That limp arm—it
was limp from the blow of the stool. Yet
the thing he had grasped had been furry
—it had been an animal-

  Out of mediaeval legends, out of mod-
em horror-tales, whirled the lore of the
werewolf. He remembered a dozen such
stories, which he had scorned.

  The little red stain at the corner of her
mouth. The panting, avid concentration
on the slash across his face.

  She moved slowly toward him, but he
felt himself powerless to stir. Without
taking her eyes from him, she reached
forward, touched the kettle. It began to
swing rhythmically. In the shadows over-
head, the demon-bird gibbered.

  The pot tipped—more, more. Some of
its contents slopped over. A drop or two
spattered on the peat; the fire flared
greenly. In that ghastly light he saw the
widening pool on the floor. It seemed to

reach toward him. There was something
bloated, parboiled to a dull red, sliding
toward him—a human hand, borne on
the slow slime.

  He started back. Almost without voli-
tion, his fingers fled from his brow to his
breast, from shoulder to shoulder.

  For a moment, he thought that light-
ning had struck the hut. It quivered as
if it had been touched by a mighty
finger.

  The witch seemed turned to stone—
absolutely immobile, only her golden
eyes proved that she was still alive.

Tim turned and fled blindly, out of
the hut, into the storm. How long
he ran, he did not know. He looked back
only once — and whether the pursuing
golden eyes were real or imaginary he
could not have told; but he did not trust
to their being imaginary.

  He was half fainting when, through
the breaking storm, he finally saw the
comfortable outlines of a village. As he
stumbled into its street, a dozen simple
folk hurried to help him. They were
curious, over-solicitous—but he kept his
own counsel.

  Finally they began to offer him in-
formation. They told him that his wounds
showed that he had met the fabulous
great Wolf of the North. No creature
had ever seen it and lived to tell of it.
Hundreds of sheep had been slaughtered.
Twice, children had disappeared. And
recently, a man-

  He shuddered, in grim recollection.

  But he did not reveal what he had
seen. It was true that these countrymen
of his might not scoff at the story; the
Old World is too wise to reject matters
which outstrip ordinary human ken. But
Tim had spent most of his life in Amer-
ica—and it had set the seal of incredulity
on his Irish lips.
Guardians cf
the 0\iA7&s

b^CHARtes- HfeNRY • MACKINTOSH

"Why did not the accursed insect do its deadly work?”

     Y O, I really mean it, Jim!” Jack
Hoxton sat up in the long cane
^ chair on the Country Club
veranda, the better to emphasize his ear-
nestness. "I haven’t lost my money, or been
rejected by my best girl; indeed there’s
no best, or worst, girl to be considered
in my case; and the plain fact is I’m sick
of civilization—fed up. I’m sailing for
the Hawaiian Islands on the next Dollar
Line boat!”

  Jim Worthington stirred sufficiently in
his long chair to regard the flushed face
of his young friend quizzically. "Who
has been introducing you to the semi-
centennial works of Robert Louis Steven-
son? Don’t you know that the Hawaiian
Islands are now at least as civilized as
Iowa? You’re a quarter of a century too
late to take refuge from civilization in
Hawaii. Better sail farther and fare
worse!”

  "Oh, I know that Honolulu and Hilo,
and places like that, are as civilized as
Chicago or Atlantic City; but there must
be places on the islands where a fellow
can buy a few acres, run up a shack, and
lead the simple life, alone with the si-
lence, the scenery, the sunshine, and the
tropical fruits and flowers.”

  "Well, I wish you the best of luck, if
you really mean it; but, just for the sake
of having a sporting interest in your ven-
ture, I’ll bet you an even thousand that
you’ll be sicker of silence and scenery
within one year than you are now of civ-
ilization after—how old are you, Jack?
—twenty-seven years of it.”

  "I’ll just take that bet. Your thou-
sand will probably come in mighty handy
to pay for some pet improvement on my
Hawaiian place, a year from now.”
"Better catch your place before you
start to 'civilize’ it; but the bet’s on.
346

WEIRD TALES

Now, is it agreed that you are to write to
me regularly and keep me informed as
to how near I am getting to winning,
or losing, that thousand?”

# # * ' # # # #

      7” ell, Jim, old stay-at-home, this
VV is my first solemn written warn-
ing from Aloha Land that you are surely
going to lose that thousand! You should
have felt a premonitory pang in the re-
gion of the pocketbook about two weeks
ago, when I found my place! It’s only
about a dozen miles from Honolulu—
you’ll hoot at that!—but it might be a
hundred for all one sees or knows of the
city from here. The great Koolau Range
runs behind the city, and cuts it off from
the windward side of the island of Oahu
with a three thousand foot wall of rock.
'Wall' is the right word, too; it rises as
nearly perpendicular as any formation
can be that has been exposed to erosion
for a thousand years or so. It’-s all solid
lava; probably thrust up by some gigantic
volcanic action long ago. Its sides are
furrowed with gullies, and buttressed
with shoulders built up of the eroded ma-
terial; and that makes it look climable
—and it is, for perhaps one-third of the
way up. One might even scramble up
another third, by picking a particularly
likely spot; but thp final third would defy
a chamois, or a Swiss mountaineer unless
he cut his own steps in die solid rock
ahead of himself. There are dark patch-
es, just above the line of possible climb-
ability, that look as if they might be the
mouths of caves, caused by deeper erosion
in softer strata; but no one will ever
know whether they are caves unless he
flies in an airplane close enough to look
down and into them; and no level-headed
aviator is likely to try that, with a variable
trade wind pouring itself against the base
of the wall, and zooming up straight to
the Pearly Gates!

 "Why so much about my Wall?—I
call the mighty Koolau Range 'my wall,'
because it is both my barrier against civ-
ilization, and the background for all my
silence and scenery.' My place is about
a mile and a half from the base of the
Wall. It’s on a hill about five hundred
feet high; in fact it IS the hill. I’ve
bought the whole thing, with a fence
around it, running down to a mountain
stream at the base.

  "I’m building my house right on the
crest of the hill, with a big veranda—
they call ’em 'lanai' out here—facing the
Wall. I’ve already roughed out a trail
down the hillside through the wild
guavas to the stream, where there’s a fine
swimming-hole fifty or sixty feet long, a
dozen wide, and four or five deep. The
whole hillside is covered with wild
guava bushes at present, but I’ll have
most of them grubbed out by the time
I’ve won your thousand; and with that
I’ll buy papaias, banana and coconut
palms, mangoes, and the rest; so that in
a couple of years more I’ll be independ-
ent of civilization entirely, except to buy
an occasional shirt or pair of shorts,
which is all I wear out here.”

*######
“Tve been grubbing guavas all day in
A the hot sun; but it must be a month
since last I wrote you a warning that your
thousand is already as good as deposited
to my account with the First National
Bank of Bishop; so I’ll see if a change of
employment really is as good as a rest.
It's amazing what a few weeks of steady
work will do with a place like this. My
house is finished. It’s mostly studio liv-
ing-room, with a little kitchen, bedroom
and bath. I’ve cleared off the whole of
the top of my hill and sown it to grass,
with a few flowering shrubs to set off the
house and break the fence corners. Now
I’m clearing a three-foot trail through
GUARDIANS OF THE GUAVAS

347

the wild guavas down the face of my hill
toward the Wall.

  "You should see it—the Wall, I
mean! It’s never twice the same, what
with the drifting clouds and shifting
shadows. There are always half a dozen
rainbows arched over its buttresses or
woven through the clouds around the
peaks. It’s a tremendous thing to have
right in one’s own back yard! I stop
grubbing guavas, half a hundred times a
day, to turn toward it and drink it all in.
Reminds me of that old psalm: 'I will lift
up mine eyes unto the hills, whence
cometh my strength.’

  "Something seems to flow down from
those jagged peaks, sure enough. Maybe
it’s streams of prana—vital energy—and
the menehunes manufacture it in those
caves I told you about in my first letter.
Menehunes, by the way, are Hawaiian
fairies; or perhaps it would be more ac-
curate to call them gnomes. All the old
Hawaiians believe in them. Say they’ve
been seen, many a time. Describe them
as being a foot or two tall, with long
beards, all dressed in the old Hawaiian
style.

  "There was a bit in one of the Hono-
lulu papers the other day, about the chil-
dren at one of the public schools seeing
a real live menehune during the noon re-
cess. They all said he was about a foot
high, with a long gray beard, and that
he went by, grumbling to himself, and
eating peanuts out of a paper bag. That
paper bag sort of spoils the picture,
doesn’t it? Sounds too civilized for a
menehune. But, anyway, all the children
—and there was about a dozen of them,
of all races—swore that they really saw
him. An hour or so after the paper was
out, all the old Hawaiians were down
there in the school grounds, helping the
children to hunt for the menehune!

  "Well, I’m afraid I’ve befen too thor-

oughly civilized to take much stock in
menehunes; but the scenery and the si-
lence are sure going great. I’ll be a new
man in less than a year’s time; but you
can count on my being enough of my old
self to claim that thousand promptly
when it’s due!”

 * * * * - # * *
“■XT'ou are going to win your thousand,
X after all, Jim; and if it were ten,
you’d win it just the same. I am writing
this from a private hospital for 'mental
cases,’ here in Honolulu; but I’m not
mad, old man, not that; and just as soon
as the doaor thinks that my nerves are
calm enough, I’ll be boarding the first
boat for the mainland. I suppose I
should wait and tell you all about it then;
but I’ve another week or two to put in
here before they’ll let me leave, and it
will pass the time, and be a sort of a re-
lief, to tell you in this way, writing a bit
at a time and then resting.

  "I scarcely know how to begin. The
whole thing must sound so incredible to
one who hasn’t aaually gone through it.
I’m sure I wouldn’t have believed it my-
self, a month ago; and when I tried to ex-
plain to the doaor here how my nerves
got in such a condition, he merely gave
me a soothing murmur, and something to
put me to sleep! But it’s true, I tell you,
old man, every word of it! Well, I’d
better just go back to the beginning and
let the tale tell itself:

  "It began one night about three weeks
ago, when I was sitting on my lanai, fac-
ing the huge dark bulk of the Wall a
mile and a half away, and smoking my
pipe peacefully. I would sit there al-
most every night, admiring the moonlit
view of range and valley; but that night
there was no moon, only a powdering of
star-dust across the sky making the scene
faintly visible. -The old Wall loomed
up black as a thunder cloud; and, as I
348

WEIRD TALES

kept my eyes turned toward it, idly, I
fancied I saw blue-green lights glowing
here and there, about a third of the way
from the crest. I thought of those caves
I told you about, and wondered whether
anyone could possibly be living in them.
Then I recalled how utterly inaccessible
they appeared in full daylight, and dis-
missed the notion from my mind. The
blue-green lights persisted, however, and
the longer I watched them, the more
clearly they seemed to demark the en-
trances to the caves, as I had mentally
placed diem from many observations.
The idea came to me, as I puffed my pipe,
that maybe they really were inhabited by
menehunes, making their old magic over
there where man couldn’t get near them.
Then I began to wonder again whether
a man couldn’t manage to scramble up
the wooded scarp to one of the larger
openings, which I had particularly noted
because it was the only one that seemed
to present climbable possibilities. Just
then the full moon came out, flooding
valley and Wall with light no less power-
ful than that during a half-eclipse of the
sun, and curiously like that in quality.
So came my crazy notion to hike over to
the Wall in the moonlight, and tackle the
climb to the cave.

   "The blue-green light had been blotted
out by the moon/ but it was there a min-
ute before, and that seemed to say that
whoever, or whatever, inhabited the cave
would surely be at home. Like a fool,
I didn’t even stop to get my flashlight,
though I should have remembered that
there are always heavy clouds oyer and
around die Koolau Range; and I might
have anticipated that the moonlight
would fail me before I could complete
that three-mile hike, with the climb in
the middle of it.

  "The moon shone steadily while I
crossed the wide valley, following the

cow trails through the wild guava, and
coming to the open grass land, sloping
up to the Wall, where the going was
even easier. It couldn’t have taken me
much more dian half an hour from the
time the notion seized me till I was be-
ginning my scramble up the steep face
of the scarp. I was soon sorry that I
hadn’t changed to breeches and boots, in-
stead of starting out in the shirt and
shorts I’d been wearing all day to work
on my trail; those lava needles and guava
roots were surely hard on die naked
calves and thighs. I cut myself pretty
badly, once or twice, and must have lost
quite a lot of blood without realizing it.
However, I wasn’t going to be turned
back by a little thing like that; so up I
went, pulling myself up two-thirds of my
own height, here and there, by holds on
guava roots, and having to work a way
around many a place where die rock face
was sheer perpendicular, with no holds
for hands or feet.

  "It was much more of a climb than I
had anticipated, but I couldn’t quit when
I must be only a few hundred feet at
most from my goal. I looked back for a
moment, with one foot on a lava needle
and one hand on a guava root, and I
was amazed to see how high I had come.
The Wall, and the steep slopes, fell away
into the moonlit valley beneath me with
what looked like an unbroken drop of
a third of a mile. Over across the val-
ley, and far beneath the spot where I
clung, I could see the lights of my own
home on the little hill. I was feeling
fairly well done in, what with the hard
day’s work and the steep climb to which
my muscles were not yet accustomed, and
then the loss of blood may have weak-
ened me somewhat. How I wished I
were back in my comfortable chair, under
those lights on the lanai! I wished it
more than ever, a moment later; really;
GUARDIANS OF THE GUAVAS

349

wished it, as a drowning man must wish
for air; for, just then, the moon went out.
It went out just as if a giant hand had
readied up and turned off die switch, but,
when I strained my eyes up into the dark,
I could see a very faint luminosity still
there, behind a bank of black cloud which
seemed to reach from the Wall to the sea.
I remembered that cloud too late. Al-
most every night, I had seen it drift in
from the ocean till it blanketed the val-
ley from midnight till dawn. It must
have been just about midnight at that
moment; and there was I, in almost black
darkness, hanging to a guava root above
a drop of a third of a mile!

  "I think my nerve began to crack at
that moment; but the one diing that I
couldn’t possibly do was to stay where I
was until morning. Already, I felt my
damp hand slipping on the smooth guava
root. I must move, up or down, and I
already knew only too well the impossible
danger in the darkness of the way over
which I had come in die bright moon-
light. It’s always easier to climb up than
down, anyway, feeling for one’s holds
with the naked hand rather than with the
shod foot.

  "I don’t know how long I climbed
through the terrible blackness, or how
far. It seemed an age, and a mile or
more, but it was probably less than an
hour, and I doubt whether I had gained
much more than fifty feet on the perpen-
dicular, under the almost impossible con-
ditions of the climb. I was beginning to
crack with fatigue, too. Each upward
inch seemed to call for the last possible
ounce of vital energy, and still there was
always another ounce for the next inch.
It couldn’t last, though, and I caught my-
self deliberately contemplating the possi-
bility of letting go and dropping away
from all this unendurable labor into the
peace of the valley.

  "I couldn’t do it. We may diink such
thoughts, but our bodies won’t let us sur-
render to them while there is a spark of
vitality left. The end came soon enough
anyway. I had tested the guava root
with almost the whole weight of my
body, while my left foot rested firmly
enough 011 another; but, as I swung free
on it, there was a tearing sound that sent
a clammy claw clutdiing down on my
heait muscles. They tell you that men
falling from great heights relive their
lives in a flash, like drowning men. It
may be so with some; but my mind was
a blank, an adiing void, as „my body
arched back and shot into the bladcness.
I believe I gave one shrill scream, but I’m
not sure of that. Then—and I’ve no idea
how long it was, since a second can con-
tain eternity under sudi conditions—I
crashed, and the world went away from
all my senses.

       rad u ally I became conscious ..of a
Vj kind of blue-green luminosity sur-
rounding me. I remember’‘wondering
whedier I had fallen into die sea, and my
body was lying in some deep, cool, coral
cave. Absurd, of course; the sea was
miles away. The moon must have come
out again. I looked up, and saw above
a roof of rough rock. I realized that I
was lying across a sloping shoulder of
the same substance, my legs straddling
it, my arms hanging down on either side
of its curved surface, while the not too
rounded peak of that bit into my back-
bone. Next I realized that I was stark
naked; my shirt and shorts must have
been ripped away in the fall ... I re-
membered the fall. So I was still alive,
and this must be some rocky cleft which
had caught and rolled me back under its
overhanging roof.

  “I was alive! I started to lift my arms,
intending to move to a more comfortable
350

WEIRD TALES

position, and it was then that real fear
caught at my throat and heart, for I was
chained, chained to the rock at neck,
wrist, thigh and ankle, with thin sharp
chains, strong as steel, that bit into my
flesh at the least movement. Only the
neck chain, being just above the collar-
bones, allowed me to lift my head a lit-
tle and peer about me into the weird
blue-green luminosity, seeking a cause
for my condition, yet fearing to find it.

  "I saw that this was no mere cleft in
the rock, but a long wide cavern with a
low roof. Directly before the rock to
which I was chained, there was a sort of
rock throne, tiny, but large enough for
the grotesque figure which occupied it.
He was, perhaps, two feet high. A lei
of brightly colored flowers hung around
his scrawny throat and was lost beneath
his long gray beard. He wore a colorful
waist-cloth, nothing more. His right
hand held a spear about the size of a
clothyard arrow.

  "Surrounding him, in a half moon,
but at a respectful distance behind, there
was a countless crowd of similar figures;
some bearded and gray, some smooth-
faced, lithe and young; all dressed in the
same manner as their king—for such I
took the seated figure to be—and all
armed with tiny weapons.

  "Could this be a primitive race of
Hawaiian pigmies, still surviving un-
known to modern man, hidden away in
these almost inaccessible caves? Or—
the truth flashed across my mind, to be
dismissed as surest folly—could it be
true, after all, about the menehunes, the
fairy people, and had I fallen into their
power? But surely fairy people would
be gentle and kindly! They would not
crucify a stranger in chains upon their
rocks, and stare at him with hard, cold,
unwinking brown eyes! Yet perhaps
they hated the white man and his crush-

ing civilization. Did I not hate it, too?
I must tell them that, explain that I had
fled from it to their own land; and then
their faces would glow with warm friend-
liness, and they would hasten to release
the chains.

  "Before I could speak, there came a
voice so high and thin that I seemed to
be hearing it inside my own head rather
than through my ears; yet I knew that it
came from the seated figure, and I mar-
veled that its English was as perfect as
my own at its best.

  " 'Stranger, you venture to question our
hospitality?’

  "A guess; a logical deduction; or, had
he read my thought?

  "Promptly came the reply: 'Your
thought speaks to me as mine to you;
and now I will put to you another ques-
tion, although without expectation that
you will answer it honestly: What are the
limitations of hospitality? Shall a host
suffer his guest to destroy his property
and even the persons of those placed in
his charge, yet withhold his hand because
of the claims of hospitality?’

  "What was the meaning of this mad
rigmarole?—I was not his guest, nor he
my host; but, even if we stood in that re-
lation, certainly I had destroyed none of
his property, nor injured the persons of
any of his people . . . Yet might I, per-
haps, have done so in a mad delirium,
following my fall? Was that why I
came bade to consciousness to find myself
in chains?

  "Again he read my thought. 'You
have done no harm, except to yourself,
since you came to this place. You have
my young men to thank that the harm
was no greater. They caught you as you
fell, and brought you here to me with
nothing but a few scratches and bruises.’
"I started to stammer my thanks, for-
getting my chains for the moment; but I
GUARDIANS OF THE GUAVAS

351

was interrupted coldly: 'The words were
not well supplied. You owe us no
thanks for your broken fall, because we
drew yeu here and gave you the oppor-
tunity to fall. You believe it to have
been your own idea, born of moonlight
and curiosity; but it came to you across
the valley from this cave, carried on die
blue-green radiance which first attracted
your attention. We summoned you here
to our court because a judgment has been
passed upon you, and it is necessary to
its right execution diat you shall know
what it is, and whence it came, and why.’
"I forgot my chains, and diey bit sav-
agely at my flesh as I attempted'to rise
in my indignation. 'What kind of court
is this, that passes judgment in the ab-
sence of the defendant, widiout hearing
his plea or admitting evidence?’

   " !It is a court in which no mental eva-
sions are at all possible,’ the voice replied,
more mildly than before, though perhaps
it only seemed so in contrast to my own
hotness. 'Your crimes were committed
before our very eyes. Day after day,
hundreds of us have seen and by thought
power have tried to check your mad de-
structiveness; but it seemed that you re-
sponded to our impulses only by swing-
ing your blade faster and harder!’

   "What, in God’s name, could this lu-
natic be talking, or rather thinking about!
He answered me in two words: 'The
guavas!’ and I laughed aloud. It was a
mad thing to do, for the little old man
seemed serious enough; but the idea of
being charged with the murder of wild
guava bushes!

   "My ill-judged mirth quite altered the
quality of the voice that continued to ring
in my head. No longer had it even die
slightest suggestion of a thin silver flute,
as before, but rather that of an angry
bumblebee.

   " 'Your laughter is evidence of the in-

credible obtuseness of your blundering,
destructive, murdering breed. In your
blind arrogance, you have at last succeed-
ed in persuading yourselves that you may
destroy what and where you will, so that
it serves your comfort, your pleasure, or
your greed!’

  " 'But I own the place on which I have
been clearing away the guavas!’ I burst
in indignantly.

  " 'You own it?’ The voice came high
and incredulous. 'By what superior right
do you claim personal ownership of any
part of the King’s domain, granted in
common to His children in return for
their loving labor upon it?’

  " 'What king are you talking about?’
I demanded petulantly. 'I understand
that Hawaii is a part of the Republic of
the United States. No king has any
rights here!’

  " 'Him whom we call the King has His
rights everywhere on land and sea and in
the air. He is the King of the World
. . . but enough of that; your thoughts no
less than your actions proclaim that you
know Him not. What of this absurd
claim to ownership which you advance
in defense of your murderous invasions
upon our sacred charges, the guavas? If
any truly own that land, must it not be
the elemental spirits diat co-operated to
create the soil, the earthworms that pre-
pared it for plant food, the guavas them-
selves, that laboriously-builded it into the
tissues of their living bodies—why have
they not better title to the land than you?
They have been there for half a century,
and you for little more than one moon!’
" 'But I bought and paid for the place!’
I protested with half-incredulous resent-
ment.

  " 'From what Great Chief did you buy
it? With what act of splendid service
did you pay for it?’

  "My temper was tiring of diis incred-
352

WEIRD TALES

ible conversation. 'I bought it from the
legal owner, and paid for it in hard, cold
American dollars, I answered shortly,
realizing, as I spoke, that my adjectives
had not been well chosen.

  "Sure enough, he repeated them:
'Hard, cold; but the hard may be softened
and the cold warmed by the White
Flame, whose ministers and servants are
we.’

  "Fortunately I had already learned that
the ancient Hawaiians—those of them
who were deemed worthy of initiation
into their Mysteries—worship the White
Flame of the eternal life force; or I might
have taken that last statement as a threat
of ordeal by fire. Perhaps it would have
been more pleasant, after all, than what
actually came.

  " 'Pain, and Fear of pain,’ said the
voice. 'Thus does the White Flame
burn the dross out of the brains of be-
ings like yourself, corrupted by the false
sense of the self separated from the One
Self. We may not kill’—I drew a breath
of relief at that statement—'we may not
ourselves execute the judgment of the
guavas upon your person, but, fortunate-
ly for the Occasion, we have humbler
ministers who are not so bound.’ He
pronounced a name which I could not
spell if I could remember it; but my re-
newed apprehension prevented me even
from paying attention to it. What ter-
ror would be loosed upon me now?

“Tn the utter silence of the cavern,
A there came to my strained sense of
hearing a sound as of the scratching of
innumerable tiny claws upon the rock.
Crabs? Spiders? What—an army of
them? I felt a scratching at my left
ankle, a procession of tiny claws rhythmi-
cally climbing to the bone.

  "Pressing my throat to the utmost
against its chain, I saw that which had
never before existed even in my imagi-

nation. It was almost a foot in length,
jetty black, glistening black, as though
carved out of polished hard rubber, yet
every inch, every atom of its contours
was tremendously, horribly alive. The
sense of the vitality packed into that small
compass was shocking. I saw it more
dearly as it drew its dreadful length
across my kneecap. It had a head, but
no face. Its body was simply a proces-
sion of tiny claws mounted in black knobs
which moved with the regularity of some
mechanical thing. Up my thigh, and to
my chest just below my throat, it came,
and there it paused.

  " 'We note, with surprize, that you are
not already acquainted with our little
friend,’ said the voice with what seemed
to me to be dreadful irony. 'Were you
an Hawaiian, with some knowledge of
the land you presume to claim, you would
have torn those chains deeply into your
own flesh at the sight of him, before you
could recall that you were chained—and
you are chained, you know.’

  " 'What is it?’ I croaked.

  "The response was disconcertingly
prompt: ’It is the one being in this
land of love—excluding those like your-
self who are here by fraud or by force—
which rules and conquers all—even Man
—by Fear. It is the Great Centipede.’

  "A centipede!—but those were tiny
pallid things never more than an inch
or so in length. This giant, waving his
blind tentacles almost at my throat, and
opening and closing his mighty tail
shears with clearly audible sound, was no
true centipede, but rather a ghastly night-
mare of one, seen through a blackened
and disordered brain, magnified a mil-
lionfold!

  " 'It is not a vision,’ said the voice,
with gentle insistence; 'it is an actual be-
ing, as you shall soon have ample cause
to know.’

                       V/. T.—4
GUARDIANS OF THE GUAVAS

353

  "So my fate was to be—stinging to
death by this hateful and malodorous in-
sect! I felt a cold wind blow between
the epidermis and the dermis all over my
body, and I fancied I could hear the hair
at the base of my head crackle as it rose
on end!

  "As though obeying some unspoken
command, the nightmare insect renewed
its rhythmical march, across my throat,
over my chin, and paused again only
when its blindly waving tentacles seemed
to command a view of my face.

  " 'Look closely; look well, O king of
the centipedes!’ said the voice; 'for this
one lies under the curse of the centipedes.
Let it follow him, let it pursue him, till
he be frenzied with fear: this for the
harm he has wrought; let it follow, let
it pursue till he lift the curse of his pres-
ence from our land, and so—and only
so—lift the curse from himself! This
for the harm that must not be wrought
by him!’

  "As the voice ceased, the mighty in-
sea deliberately turned about. For a
second I saw the glistening plier-jaws
with which its tail was armed, waving
threateningly beneath my very nose; then
it resumed its rhythmical march over my
chin, coming again to my throat, where
it paused, apparently with its head about,
over one carotid artery and its terrible tail
over the other. Now, if the insea were
indeed as deadly as the voice had sug-
gested it to be, and if it were to be the
instrument of my destruaion, it was in
position to spread its venom swiftly
throughout the blood stream.

  "The pause lengthened out intermi-
nably, while the cavern was caught in
breathless silence. Not alone my nerves
were at unbearable tension, but every ten-
don was tightly stretched, every muscle
rock-hard, tensed to receive, and, if pos-
sible, to endure I knew not what fiendish
W.T.—5

shock of awful agony. This waiting,
surely, was worse than the event could
possibly be! Why did not the accursed
insea do its deadly work?—or was it,
perhaps, awaiting the final command
from the king of the menehunes?

  "That command came, like the crack
of a tiny pistol shot in the stillness. It
was, I think, the same word with which
the awful insea had been summoned;
but, once again, my nervous tension was
too great for me to pay attention to any-
thing but that. Instinctively, as the com-
mand came, I drew still tighter the al-
ready terrible tension of nerve and ten-
don and muscle. Something seemed to
snap. There was a flashing blaze of
blue-white brilliance; then blackness, in-
stantaneous and absolute.

“T seemed to drift upward to the sur-
JL face of the sea of consciousness
through miles of blue-green water; but
always with the same horrible sensation
of something dreadful and unclean cling-
ing about my throat. The light grew
clearer, yellower. I became conscious of
my limbs pressing into the woven cane of
—the chair on my own lanai. I was
there; and dawn was just breaking over
the Needles in the east—but these faas
were verbalized later. For the time I
was frightfully conscious only of one sen-
sation—there was something, clammy,
and close-clinging, like a necklace of tiny
tiger claws, about my throat!

  "With a shrill scream, I leapt to my
feet. Perhaps the scream, the vibration
in my throat, was what saved me, for I
have learned since that these deadly in-
sects are apt to clamp down instinaively
upon feeling a sudden loss of support.
There was a scratching thud on the ce-
ment floor of the lanai; and there at my
feet, eight or ten inches of liquid legs
churned and thrashed in blind semidr-
354

WEIRD TALES

cles. Then it straightened out, and flowed
—toward me!—for all the world like a
thick streak of black oil flowing down a
steeply sloping floor.

  "My first instinct was to leap upon it
with my shod feet, and it was then that
I realized that my feet were not shod;
that my body was as naked as it had been
in the cavern. You will say—as the doc-
tor said—that it was all a dream, brought
on by the actual contact of the real centi-
pede’s claws; but how will you account
for this fact: that I was stark naked; my
clothes were gone, and I have never
found them to this day? Realizing my
defenseless condition, I made no further
move toward the terror, you may well
believe. Instead, I dashed for the door
faster than I have ever run before; yet,
fast though I ran, the cursed creature was
at my heels as I slammed the door be-
tween myself and it, and sank, with deep
sobbing breaths, into an easy-chair.

  "God, what a ghastly experience!
Dream, nightmare, or not — and I did
not stop to analyze then—at least there
was the fact of that giant centipede on
the doorstep outside. If this lovely coun-
try was infested with such terrors, would
it not prove more of a purgatory than a
paradise? I seemed to hear the baffled
horror scratching, scratching with its
tiny terrible claws at my door—and there
was a scratching, louder and louder as I
listened intently; but it was not at the
door—it was, it was on the back of the
chair in which I lay exhausted!

  "I leapt to my feet again, and in the
clear light of dawn, saw another — or
could it possibly be the same?—giant
centipede just flowing over the head-rest,
where my head had rested a half-second
ago! I sped to my bedroom. I slammed
the door. I stuffed ties and handkerchiefs
into the crack beneath it, and into every
opening through which it seemed that

even an ant could make its way. I threw
back the bedclothes, and — yes, I had
sensed that it would be inevitable—but
not one, two of the giant centipedes lay
coiled together just under the front edge
of the pillow!

  "At the sight, suprizingly enough, I
lost my fear for the moment, and grew
cold with rage. I seized the first weapon
that came to hand—it happened to be a
shoe—and brought it down with terrific
force upon both of them. It seemed im-
possible to kill them. I seemed to pound
and pound at them for hours. Even after
they were ground into the sheet, ruining
it forever, still flickers and tremors of
horrible vitality shook the fragments as
though they would again unite and attack
me! After that, I stripped the bed, turned
the mattress, and lay down under the
single upper sheet after shaking it till I
almost tore the hem. I lay there, but not
to sleep. No sooner would I close my
eyes, than I would see armies of giant
centipedes flowing toward me through
the darkness, and I would start up with
a half-suppressed scream.

  "Fortunately there was but an hour or
so of that. My Japanese servant came at
seven. Had he been late that morning,
he might have found a madman for a
master! As it was, I was dangerously irri-
table. I cursed him for a sloven, in per-
mitting these poisonous pests to get foot-
hold in my house. In vain he protested
that he had seen none of the great centi-
pedes; that they were, indeed, exceedingly
rare, and that one might live a lifetime
in the islands and never see one. Had I
not seen four—no, five, counting the one
in the cavern!—during that very night of
horror? I seized the sheet and found the
dreadful remains of my battle and shook
it in his face.

  " 'See! See for yourself!’ I screamed,
rather than spoke.
GUARDIANS OF THE GUAVAS

355

  "He examined the remains carefully,
and shook his head, "fhat danger’,’ he
said, 'most danger’ — bite, swell up,
mebbe die, dunno.’

  “But the sole effect of the ocular dem-
onstration was that I lost my Japanese
servant. He slipped away shortly before
noon, and I never saw him again.

  “Well, I dare not, for my own sake,
retrace the details of the next three days.
They were one continuous nightmare,
with the added horror of knowing clear-
ly that one was wide awake. Whenever
I turned, wherever I turned, my eyes
would fall upon one of these poisonous
pests. I went about armed with a tightly
rolled magazine, and got so that I would
strike out as I turned without waiting to
verify the presence of the pest. That was
how all my crockery got broken. When
my neighbor called—as he did near to
the end of the third day—it was that fact
that made him so sure that I must have
been drinking the native 'oke’ to the verge
of delirium tremens. I told him the
whole tale as calmly as possible; but that
only served to increase his conviction. He
suggested that I had better let him take
me to town in his car—said he knew a
doctor, knew the very place for me. I
consented, not because I needed a doctor,
but just to get away.

  "I might have known that I couldn’t
get away so easily as that. The curse of
die centipedes was clearly in my mind.
Not till I left—not till I leave—these
islands shall I be free from it. There was
one waiting for me on the pillow of the
hospital bed. It slipped away, like a
streak of black oil, as I struck at it, and
vanished through some crack in the base
boarding. It was gone when the doctor
and the nurse turned at my scream. I

showed them where it had been, and
where I thought it had gone. They were
interested, and sympathetic — too much
so. I could see that they were infected by
the belief of my neighbor, the one who
had brought me to the hospital. The doc-
tor says I shall be all right in a few days,
or a week or two at most; but I know
better. The fact that these omnipresent
centipedes never seem to bite has brought
a certain dull apathy into my feeling
about them; and yet I have a certain inner
sense that warns me to hold to my resolve
to leave the islands as soon as I can, or a
secondary stage of the curse may man-
ifest!

   “I have sold my place at a great sacri-
fice. In fact, it brought me just a little
over the thousand I shall pay you when I
see you in a couple of weeks’ time.”

Dear Mr. Worthington: The enclosed
letter, or manuscript, was found
under the pillow of the bed occupied by
your friend, Mr. John Hoxton, during
his stay here at the hospital. As you
already know from our cables, he was
found dead by the night nurse, and when
the body was lifted from the bed, a giant
centipede was crushed around the back
of his neck. The virus appears to have
entered at the carotids, and, in the en-
feebled state of the patient, death must
have followed very quickly. It is indeed
strange that his amazing illusion should
have been brought to a conclusion by a
real insea of the type he feared; and it
is the more to be regretted, because Dr.
Benson was very hopeful of a complete
cure. Just the day before, he had suc-
ceeded in convincing Mr. Hoxton that he
must remain and fight and defeat this
fear here in the islands, or it would leave
a permanent psychopathic complex.
A-Vixi&r* From EpfVpl-

b^FvanK	1	*

It cackled loathsomely as it advanced.”

ON A dismal rainy afternoon in
August a tall, very thin gentle-
man tapped timidly on the
frosted glass window of the curator’s
office in a certain New England museum.
He wore a dark blue Chinchilla over-
coat, olive-green Homburg hat with high
tapering crown, yellow gloves, and spats.
A blue silk muffler with white dots en-
circled his neck and entirely concealed
the lower portion of his face and vir-
tually all of his nose. Only a small ex-
panse of pink and very wrinkled flesh
was visible above the muffler and below
his forehead, but as this exposed portion
of his physiognomy contained his eyes it
was as arresting as it was meager. So
arresting indeed was it that it command-
ed instant respect, and the attendants,
who were granted liberal weekly emolu-
ments for merely putting yards of red
tape between the main entrance and the
narrow corridor that led to the curator’s
office, waived all of their habitual and
356

asinine inquiries and conducted the muf-
fled gentleman straight to what a Vic-
torian novelist would have called the sa-
cred precincts.

  Having tapped, the gentleman waited.
He waited patiently, but something in
his manner suggested that he was ex-
tremely nervous and perturbed and de-
cidely on edge to talk to the curator.
And yet when the door of the office at
last swung open, and the curator peered
out fastidiously from behind gold-
rimmed spectacles, he merely coughed
and extended a visiting-card.

  The card was conservatively fashion-
able in size and exquisitely engraved, and
as soon as the curator perused it his
countenance underwent an extraordinary
alteration. He was ordinarily a supreme-
ly reticent individual with long, pale
face and lugubrious, condescending eyes,
but he suddenly became preposterously
friendly and greeted his visitor with an
effusiveness that was almost hysterical.
A VISITOR FROM EGYPT

357

He seized his visitor’s somewhat flabby
gloved hand and gave it a Babbittesque
squeeze. He nodded and bowed and
smirked and seemed almost beside him-
self with gratification.

  "If only I had known, Sir Richard,
that you were in America! The papers
were unusually silent—outrageously si-
lent, you know. I can not imagine how
you managed to elude the reporters.
They are usually so persistent, so inde-
cently curious. I really can not imagine
how you achieved it!”

   *

  "I did not wish to talk to idiotic old
women, to lecture before mattords, to
have my photo reproduced in yo'tr ab-
surd papers.” Sir Richard’s voice was
oddly high-pitched, almost effeminate,
and it quivered with the intensity of his
emotion. "I detest publicity, and I re-
gret that I am not utterly unknown in
this—er—region.”

  "I quite understand, Sir Rirhard,”
murmured the curator soothingly. "You
naturally desired leisure for research, for
discussion. You were not interested in
what the vulgar would say or think about
you. A commendable and eminently
scholarly attitude to take, Sir Richard!
A splendid attitude! I quite understand
and sympathize. We Americans have to
be polite to the press occasionally, but
you have no idea how it cramps our
style, if I may use an expressive but ex-
ceedingly coarse colloquialism. It really
does, Sir Richard. You have no idea—
but do come in. Come in, by all means.
We are honored immeasurably by the
visit of so eminent a scholar.”

Sir richard bowed stiffly and preceded
the curator into the office. He se-
lected the most comfortable of the five
leather-backed chairs that encircled the
curator’s desk and sank into it with a
faintly audible sigh. He neither re-

moved his hat nor withdrew the muffler
from his pinkish visage.

  The curator selected a seat on the op-
posite side of the table and politely ex-
tended a box of Havana panetelas. "Ex-
tremely mild,” he murmured. "Won’t
you try one, Sir Richard?”

  Sir Richard shook his head. "I have
never smoked,” he said, and coughed.

  There ensued a silence. Then Sir
Richard apologized for the muffler. "I
had an unfortunate accident on the ship,”
he explained. ”1 stumbled in one of
the deck games and cut my face rather
badly. It’s in a positively unpresentable
condition. I know you’ll pardon me if
I don’t remove this muffler.”

  The curator gasped. "How horrible,
Sir Richard! I can sympathize, believe
me. I hope that it will not leave a scar.
One should have the most expert advice
in such matters. I hope—Sir Richard,
have you consulted a specialist, may I
ask?”

  Sir Richard nodded. "The wounds are
not deep—nothing serious, I assure you.
And now, Mr. Buzzby, I should like to
discuss with you the mission that has
brought me to Boston. Are the pre-
dynastic remains from Luxor on exhibi-
tion?”

  The curator was a trifle disconcerted.
He had placed the Luxor remains on ex-
hibition that very morning, but he had
not as yet arranged them to his satisfac-
tion, and he would have preferred that
his distinguished guest should view them
at a later date. But he very clearly per-
ceived that Sir Richard was so intensely
interested that nothing that he could say
would induce him to wait, and he was
proud of the remains and flattered that
England’s ablest Egyptologist should
have come to the city expressly to see
them. So he nodded amiably and cpn-
fessed that the bones were on exhibition,
358

WEIRD TALES

and he added that he would be delighted
and honored if Sir Richard would view
them.

  ''They are truly marvelous,” he ex-
plained. "The pure Egyptian type—do-
lichocephalic, with relatively primitive
features. And they date—Sir Richard,
they date from at least 8000 B. C.”

  "Are the bones tinted?”

  "I should say so, Sir Richard! They
are wonderfully tinted, and the original
colors have scarcely faded at all. Blue
and red, Sir Richard, with red predom-
inating.”

  "Hm. A most absurd custom,” mur-
mured Sir Richard.

  Mr. Buzzby smiled. "I have always
considered it pathetic, Sir Richard. In-
finitely amusing, but pathetic. They
thought that by painting the bones they
could preserve the vitality of the cor-
ruptible body. Corruption putting on
incorruption, as it were.”

  "It was blasphemous!” Sir Richard
had arisen from his chair. His face,
above the muffler, was curiously white,
and there was a hard, metallic glitter in
his small dark eyes. "They sought to
cheat Osiris! They had no conception of
hyperphysical realities!”

  The curator stared curiously. "Pre-
cisely what do you mean, Sir Richard?"

  Sir Richard started a trifle at the ques-
tion, as though he were awakening from
some strange nightmare, and his emo-
tion ebbed as rapidly as it had arisen.
The glitter died out of his eyes and he
sank listlessly back in his chair. "I—
I was merely amused by your comment.
As though by merely painting their mum-
mies they could restore the circulation of
the blood!”

  “But that, as you know, Sir Richard,
would occur in the other world. It was
one of the most distinctive prerogatives
of Osiris. He alone could restore the
dead.”

  "Yes, I know,” murmured Sir Richard.
"They counted a good deal on Osiris. It
is curious that it never occurred to them
that the god might be offended by their
presumptions.”

  "You are forgetting the Book of the
Dead, Sir Richard. The promises in
that are very definite. And it is an in-
conceivably ancient book. I am strongly
convinced that it was in existence in
10,000 B. C. You have read my brochure
on the subject?”

  Sir Richard nodded. “A very schol-
arly work. But I believe that the Book
of the Dead as we know it was a for-
gery!”

  "Sir Richard!”

  "Parts of it are undoubtedly pre-dy-
nastic, but I believe that the Judgment
of the Dead, which defines the judicial
prerogatives of Osiris, was inserted by
some meddling priest as late as the his-
torical period. It is a deliberate attempt
to modify the relentless character of
Egypt’s supreme deity. Osiris does not
judge, he takes"

  "He takes, Sir Richard?”

•	"Precisely. Do you imagine anyone
can ever cheat death? Do you imagine
that, Mr. Buzzby? Do you imagine for
one moment that Osiris would restore to
life the fools that returned to him?”

  Mr. Buzzby colored. It was difficult
to believe that Sir Richard was really in
earnest. "Then you honestly believe
that the character of Osiris as we know it
is-”

  "A myth, yes. A deliberate and child-
ish evasion. No man can ever compre-
hend the character of Osiris. He is the
Dark God. But be treasures his own.”
"Eh?” Mr. Buzzby was genuinely
startled by the tone of ferocity in which
the last remark was uttered. "What did
you say, Sir Richard?”

  “Nothing.” Sir Richard had risen
and was standing before a small revolv-
A VISITOR FROM EGYPT

359

ing bookcase in the center of the room.
"Nothing, Mr. Buzzby. But your taste
in fiction interests me extremely. I had
no idea you read young Finchley!”

  Mr. Buzzby blushed and looked gen-
uinely distressed. "I don’t ordinarily,”
he said. "I despise fiction ordinarily.
And young Finchley’s romances are un-
utterably silly. He isn’t even a passable
scholar. But that book has—well,- there
are a few good things in it. I was read-
ing it this morning on the train and put
it with the other books temporarily be-
cause I had no other place to put it. You
understand, Sir Richard? We all have
our little foibles, eh? A work of fiction
now and then is sometimes—er—well,
suggestive. And H. E. Finchley is rath-
er suggestive occasionally.”

  "He is, indeed. His Egyptian redac-
tions are imaginative masterpieces!”
"You amaze me, Sir Richard. Imag-
ination in a scholar is to be deplored.
But of course, as I said, H. E. Finchley
is not a scholar and his work is occasion-
ally illuminating if one doesn’t take it too
seriously.”

  "He knows his Egypt.”

   "Sir Richard, I can’t believe you really

approve of him. A mere fictionist-”

  Sir Richard had removed the book and
opened it casually. "May I ask, Mr.
Buzzby, if you are familiar with Chapter

13,	The Transfiguration of Osiris?”
"Bless me, Sir Richard, I am not. I
skipped that portion. Such purely gro-
tesque rubbish repelled me.”

  "Did it, Mr. Buzzby? But the repel-
lent is usually arresting. Just listen to
this:

   "It is beyond dispute that Osiris made his wor-
shipers dream strange things of him, and that he
possessed their bodies and souls forever. There
is a devilish wrath against mankind with which
Osiris was for Death’s sake inspired. In the cool
of the evening he walked among men, and upon
his head was the Crown of Upper Egypt, and his
cheeks were inflated with a wind that slew. His
face was veiled so that no man could see it, but

assuredly it was an old face, very old and dead
and dry, for the world was young when tall
Osiris died.”

  Sir Orchard snapped the book shut and
replaced it in the shelf. "What do you
think of that, Mr. Buzzby?” he inquired.

  "Rot,” murmured the curator. "Sheer,
unadulterated rot.”

  "Of course, of course. Mr. Buzzby,
did it ever occur to you that a god may
live, figuratively, a dog’s life?”

  "Eh?”

  "Gods are transfigured, you know.
They go up in smoke, as it were. In
smoke and flame. They become pure
flame, pure spirit, creatures with no visi-
ble body.”

  "Dear, dear, Sir Richard, that had not
occurred to me.” The curator laughed
and nudged Sir Richard’s arm. "Beastly
sense of humor,” he murmured, to him-
self. "The man is unutterably silly.”

  "It would be dreadful, for example,”
continued Sir Richard, "if the god had no
control over his transfiguration; if the
change occurred frequently and unex-
pectedly; if he shared, as it were, the
ghastly fate of a Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde.”

  Sir Richard was advancing toward the
door. He moved with a curious, shuf-
fling gait and his shoes scraped peculiarly
upon the floor. Mr. Buzzby was in-
stantly at his elbow. "What is the mat-
ter, Sir Richard? What has happened?”
"Nothing!” Sir Richard’s voice rose in
hysterical denial. "Nothing. Where is
the lavatory, Mr. Buzzby?”

  "Down one flight of stairs on your
left as you leave the corridor,” muttered
Mr. Buzzby. "Are—are you ill?”

  "It is nothing, nothing,” murmured
Sir Richard. "I must have a drink of
water, that is all. The injury has—er—
affected my throat. When it becomes
too dry it pains dreadfully.”

  "Good heavens!” murmured the aura-
36a

WEIRD TALES

tor. “I can send for water, Sir Richard.
I can indeed. I beg you not to disturb
yourself."

  "No, no, I insist that you do not. I
shall return immediately. Please do not
send for anything.”

  Before the curator could renew his
protestations Sir Richard had passed
through the door and disappeared down
the corridor.

Mr. buzzby shrugged his shoulders
and returned to his desk. "A
most extraordinary person,” he muttered.
"Erudite and original, but queer. De-
cidedly queer. Still, it is pleasant to re-
flea that he has read my brochure. A
scholar of his distinaion might very par-
donably have overlooked it. He called
it a scholarly work. A scholarly work.
Hmm. Very gratifying, I’m sure.”

  Mr. Buzzby clipped and lit a cigar.

  "Of course he is wrong about the
Book of the Dead,” he mused. "Osiris
was a most benevolent god. It is true
that the Egyptians feared him, but only
because he was supposed to judge the
dead. There was nothing essentially
evil or cruel about him. Sir Richard is
quite wrong about that. It is curious
that a man so eminent could go so sensa-
tionally astray. I can use no other
phrase. Sensationally astray. I really
believe that my arguments impressed
him, though. I could see that he was
impressed.”

  The curator’s pleasant refleaions were
coarsely and unexpectedly interrupted by
a shout in the corridor. "Get them ex-
tinguishers down! Quick, you b-.”

  The curator gasped and rose hastily to
his feet. Profanity violated all the rules
of the museum and he had always firmly
insisted that the rules should be obeyed.
Striding quickly to the door he threw it
open and stared incredulously down the
corridor.

  "What was that?” he cried. "Did
anyone call?”

  He heard hurried steps and the sound
of someone shouting, and then an at-
tendant appeared at the end of the corri-
dor. "Come quickly, sir!” he exclaimed.
"There’s fire and smoke cornin’ out of the
basement!”

  Mr. Buzzby groaned. What a dread-
ful thing to happen when he had such a
distinguished guest! He raced down the
corridor and seized the attendant angrily
by the arm. "Did Sir Richard get out?”
he demanded. "Answer me! Is Sir
Richard down there now?”

  "Who?” gasped the attendant.

  "The gentleman who went down a
few minutes ago, you idiot. A tall gen-
tleman wearing a blue coat?”

  "I dunno, sir. I didn’t see nobody
come up.”

  "Good God!” Mr. Buzzby was fran-
tic. "We must get him out immediate-
ly. I believe that he was ill. He’s
probably fainted.”

  He strode to the end of the corridor
and stared down the smoke-filled stair-
case leading to the lavatory. Immediate-
ly beneath him three attendants were
cautiously advancing. Wet handker-
chiefs, bound securely about their faces,
proteaed them from the acrid fumes, and
each held at arm’s length a cylindrical
fire extinguisher. As they descended the
stairs they squirted the liquid contents of
the extinguishers into the rapidly rising
spirals of lethal blue smoke.

  "It was much worse a minute ago,”
exclaimed the attendant at Mr. Buzzby’s
elbow. "The smoke was thicker and
had a most awful smell. Like them
dinosaur eggs smelt when you first un-
packed ’em last spring, sir.”

  The attendants had now reached the
base of the staircase and were peering
cautiously into the lavatory. For a mo-
ment they peered in silence, and then one
A VISITOR FROM EGYPT

361

of them shouted up at Mr. Buzzby.
"The smoke's dreadfully dense here, sir..
We can’t see any flames. Shall we go
in, sir?’’

  "Yes, do!” Mr. Buzzby’s voice was
tragically shrill. "Do all you can.
Please!”

The attendants disappeared into the
lavatory and the curator waited with
an agonized and expectant air. His
heart was wrung at the thought of the
fate which had in all probability over-
taken his distinguished guest, but he
could not think of anything further to
do. Sinister forebodings crowded into
his mind, but he was powerless to act.

  Then it was that the shrieks com-
menced. From whatever cause arising
they were truly ghastly, but they began
so suddenly, so unexpectedly, that at first
the curator could form no theory as to
what had caused them. They issued so
horribly and suddenly from the lavatory,
echoing and re-echoing through the
empty corridors, that the curator could
only stare and gasp.

  But when they became fairly coherent,
when the screams of affright turned to
appeals for mercy, for pity, and when
the language in which they found grim
expression changed too, becoming famil-
iar to the curator but incomprehensible
to the man beside him, a dreadful inci-
dent occurred which the latter has never
been able to consign to a merciful mne-
monic oblivion.

  The curator fell upon his knees, liter-
ally went down upon his knees at the
head of the staircase and raised both arms
in an unmistakable gesture of supplica-
tion. And then from his ashen lips
there poured a torrent of grotesque gib-
berish:

  “sdmw sm Osiris! sdmw stn Osiris!
sdmw stn Osiris! sdm-f Osiris! Oh,
sdm-f Osiris! sdmw stn Osiris!”

  "Fool!” A muffled form emerged
from the lavatory and ponderously as-
cended the stairs. "Fool! You—you
have sinned irretrievably!” The voice
was guttural, harsh, remote, and seemed
to come from an immeasurable distance.

  "Sir Richard! Sir Richard!” The
curator got stumblingly to his feet and
staggered toward the ascending figure.
"Protea me, Sir Richard. There’s some-
thing unspeakable down there. I thought
—for a moment I thought—Sir Richard,
did you see it? Did you hear anything?
those shrieks-”

  But Sir Richard did not reply. He
did not even look at the curator. He
brushed past the unfortunate man as
though he were a mere meddling fool,
and grimly began to climb the stairs that
led to the Hall of Egyptian Antiquities.
He ascended so rapidly that the curator
could not catch up with him, and before
the frightened man had reached the half-
way landing his steps were resounding on
the tiled floor above.

  "Wait, Sir Richard!” shrieked Buzzby.
"Wait, please! I am sure that you can
explain everything. I am afraid. Please
wait for me!”

  A spasm of coughing seized him, and
at that moment there ensued a most
dreadful crash. Fragments of broken
glass tinkled suggestively upon the stone
floor, and awoke ominous echoes in the
corridor and up and down the winding
stairway. Mr. Buzzby clung to the ban-
isters and moaned. His face was pur-
plish and distorted with fear and beads
of sweat glistened on his high forehead.
For a moment he remained thus cowering
and whimpering on the staircase. Then,
miraculously, his courage returned. He
ascended the last flight three steps at a
time and dashed wildly forward.

  An intolerable thought had abruptly
been born in the poor, bewildered brain
of Mr. Buzzby. It had suddenly occurred
362

WEIRD TALES

to him that Sir Richard was an impostor,
a murderous madman intent only upon
destruction, and that his collections were
in immediate danger. Whatever Mr. Buzz-
by’s human deficiencies, in his profession-
al capacity he was conscientious and ag-
gressive to an almost abnormal degree.
And the crash had been unmistakable and
susceptible of only one explanation. Mr.
Buzzby completely forgot his fear in his
concern for his precious collections. Sir
Richard had smashed one of the cases
and was extracting its contents! There
was little doubt in Mr. Buzzby’s mind
as to which of the cases Sir Richard had
smashed. "The Luxor remains can never
be duplicated,” he moaned. "I have
been horribly duped!”

  Suddenly he stopped, and stared. At
the very entrance to the Hall lay an as-
sortment of garments which he instantly
recognized. There was the blue chin-
chilla coat and the Alpine Homburg
with its high tapering crown, and the
blue silk muffler that had concealed so
effectively the face of his visitor. And
on the very top of the heap lay a pair of
yellow suede gloves.

  "Good God!” muttered Mr. Buzzby.
"The man has shed all of his clothes!”
He stood there for a moment staring
in utter bewilderment and then with
long, hysterical strides he advanced into
the hall. "A hopeless maniac,” he mut-
tered, under his breath. "A sheer, rav-
ing lunatic. Why did I not-”

  Then, abruptly, he ceased to reproach
himself. He forgot entirely his folly,
the heap of clothes, and the smashed
case. Everything that had up to that
moment occupied his mind was instantly
extruded and he shriveled and shrank
with fear. Never had the unwilling gaze
of Mr. Buzzby encountered such a sight.

  Mr. Buzzby’s visitor was bending over
the shattered case and only his back was
visible. But it was not an ordinary back.

In a lucid, unemotional moment Mr.
Buzzby would have called it a nasty, ma-
lignant back, but in juxtaposition with
the crown that topped it there is no
Aryan polysyllable suggestive enough to
describe it. For the crown was very tall
and ponderous with jewels and unspeak-
ably luminous, and it accentuated the vile-
ness of the back. It was a green back.
Sapless was the word that ran through
Mr. Buzzby’s mind as he stood and stared
at it. And it was wrinkled, too, horribly
wrinkled, all crisscrossed with centuried
grooves.

  Mr. Buzzby did not even notice his
visitor’s neck, which glistened and was
as thin as a bean-pole, nor the small
round scaly head that bobbed and nodded
ominously. He saw only the hideous
back, and the unbelievably awesome
crown. The crown shed a fiery radiance
upon the reddish tiles of the dim, vast
hall, and the starkly nude body twisted
and turned and writhed shockingly.

  Black horror clutched at Mr. Buzzby’s
throat, and his lips trembled as though
he were about to cry out. But he spoke
no word. He had staggered back against
the wall and was making curious futile
gestures with his arms, as though he
sought to embrace the darkness, to wrap
the darkness in the hall about him, to
make himself as inconspicuous as possi-
ble and invisible to the thing that was
bending over the case. But apparently
he soon found to his infinite dismay that
the thing was aware of his presence, and
as it turned slowly toward him he made
no further attempt to obliterate himself,
but went down on his knees and
screamed and screamed and screamed.

  Silently the figure advanced toward
him. It seemed to glide rather than to
walk, and in its terribly lean arms it held
a queer assortment of brilliant scarlet
bones. And it cackled loathsomely as it
advanced.
THE PHANTOMS OF THE FIRE

365

  And then It was that Mr. Buzzby’s
sanity departed utterly. He groveled and
gibbered and dragged himself along the
floor like a man in the grip of an instan-
taneous catalepsy. And all the while he
murmured incoherently about how spot-
less he was and would Osiris spare him
and how he longed to reconcile himself
with Osiris.

  But the figure, when it got to him,
merely stooped and breathed on him.
Three times it breathed on his ashen face
and one could almost see the face shrivel
and blacken beneath its warm breath.

For some time it remained in a stooping
posture, glaring glassily, and when it
arose Mr. Buzzby made no effort to de-
tain it. Holding the scarlet bones very
firmly in its horribly thin arms it glided
rapidly away in the direction of the stairs.
The attendants did not see it descend.
No one ever saw it again.

  And when the coroner, arriving in re-
sponse to the tardy summons of an at-
tendant, examined Mr. Buzzby’s body,
the conclusion was unavoidable that the
curator had been dead for a long, long
time.

A Brief, Strange Story

THE PHANTOMS
OF THE FIRE

  By CLARK ASHTON SMITH

IT WAS late summer, and the George-
town road was deep with dust, which
had settled like a dun pall on die bor-
dering chaparral and pines. Since he had
walked all the way from Auburn without
securing a single lift, the man who was
trudging along the road with the broil-
ing afternoon sun on his back was hardly
less dusty than the trees. He paused now
and then to mop his face with a discol-
ored handkerchief, or to peer rather
wistfully at the occasional cars which
passed him without offering to stop. His
clothing, though not actually ragged,
was old and worn, and had the indescrib-
able shapelessness of clothing that has
been slept in. He was very thin, stoop-
, shouldered, and discouraged-looking; his

general aspect was almost that of a pro-
fessional tramp; and the people of the
countryside were suspicious of tramps.

  "Well, I guess I’ll have t’ walk all the
way,” he said to himself, whining a little
even in his thoughts. "But it ain’t much
further now. . . , Gosh, but things is
hot an* dry.” He looked about him at
the familiar landscape of parched grass,
brushwood and yellow pines with an
appraising eye. "Wonder there ain’t
been more fires—there alluz is at this
time o’ year.”

  The man was Jonas McGillicuddy, and
he was on his way home after a some-
what prolonged absence. His return was
unannounced, and would prove as unex-
pected to his wife and three children as
364

WEIRD TALES

his departure had been. Tired of trying
to extort a living from a small vineyard
and pear-orchard of rocky El Dorado
land, and tired also of the perennial nag-
ging of his frail, sensitive-nerved and
sorely disappointed wife, Jonas had left
abruptly, three years before, after a quar-
rel of more than customary bitterness and
acerbity with his helpmate. Since then,
he had heard nothing from his family,
for the good and sufficient reason that
he had not sought to communicate widi
them. His various attempts to earn a
livelihood had proved scarcely more suc-
cessful than the fruit-ranching venture,
and he had drifted aimlessly and ineffec-
tually from place to place, from situation
to situation—a forlorn and increasingly
desperate figure. For a man of such
shifting, unstable temperament, when all
else had failed him, and he had wearied
of the hopeless struggle, it was not un-
natural to think of returning. Time had
softened his memory of his wife’s unde-
pendable temper, of her shrewish out-
bursts; but he had not forgotten her
motherly ways when she was in a more
tractable humor, nor her excellent cook-
ing.

  Now, with empty pockets, since his
last money had sufficed merely to pay his
train-fare to Sacramento, Jonas was near-
ing the hills in’which lay his forest-sur-
rounded ranch beyond Georgetown. The
country through which he tramped was
sparsely peopled, and there were great
stretches of softly rolling hills and low
valleys diat had not known the touch of
cultivation. The ranches were often
quite isolated. Beyond all, in the hazy
blue of the distance, were the vague and
spectral snows of the Sierras.

  "Gosh, but one of Matilda’s pear
pies’ll taste good,” thought the wanderer.
His mouth began to water. He was not
reflective enough, however, to wonder
just what his reception would be, beyond

an uneasy surmise that Matilda might
give him a terrific scolding for his ab-
sence. "But mebbe she’ll be mighty glad
t’ see me, after all,” he consoled himself.
Then he tried to picture his children, the
five-year old boy and the girl-babies of
three and two respectively whom he had
last seen.

   "Guess they’ll have forgotten they had
a papa,” he mused. The afternoon had
been utterly still and airless, with a sul-
try brooding in its silence. Now, from
the northeast, along the road he was travel-
ling, there came a gust of wind, and with it
the unmistakable acrid odor of burnt grass
and trees.

   "Hell, there has been a fire after all,”
muttered Jonas, with an uneasy start. He
peered anxiously ahead, but could see no
smoke above the dun and gray-green
hills. "Guess it’s all out now, anyway.”

  He came to the top of the low slope
he was climbing, and saw before him the
burnt area, which lay on both sides of die
road and was of indeterminable extent.
The brown foliage of heat-seared oaks
and the black skeletons of bushes and
pines were everywhere. A few fallen logs
and old stumps were still smoking a little,
as is their wont for days after the ex-
tinguishment of a forest fire. It was a
scene of complete and irremediable deso-
lation.

  Jonas hurried on, with a sense of
growing panic, for he was now little
more than a mile from his own property.
He thought of the yellow pines that
stood so close and tall about his cabin—
the pines which he had wished to fell,
but had spared at the earnest solicitation
of the nature-loving Matilda.

  "They’re so pretty, Jonas,” she had
said, pleadingly. "I just can’t see them

go”

  "Hope the fire didn’t get into them
pines,” thought Jonas now. "Gosh, but I
wish I’d cut ’em down when I wuz
THE PHANTOMS OF THE FIRE

365

plannin’ to. It would have been a lot
safer; and I’d have had the money for
the wood, too.”

  The road was strewn in places with
ashen leaves, with the charcoal of fallen
brands, and several trees had crashed
across it, but had now been removed to
permit the passage of traffic. It was hot-
ter than ever, in this charred and black-
ened waste, for the brief gust of wind
had fallen. The dust on Jonas’ cheeks
was runneled with sweat which he no
longer paused to wipe away. Irrespon-
sible as he was, a strange gravity had
come over the wastrel, and he felt an
ever-deepening premonition of calamity.

  He came at last to the little by-road
which turned off to his ranch from the
Georgetown highway. Here, he found
with a sinking heart, the fire had also
been, and had left nothing but devasta-
tion. In spite of his fatigue, he almost
ran, with long, shambling steps, and
rounding a turn in the by-road, saw that
the fire had stopped at the very verge of
his own property. The hillside orchard
of stunted pear trees, the straggling vines
of Mission and Muscat grapes, were quite
as he remembered them; and beyond, in
the grove of yellow pines, he could see
the wreathing smoke that arose from the
chimney of his cabin. Panting heavily,
he paused, with a sense of relief and
thanksgiving as poignant as anything of
which his dulled heart was capable.

  The sun had almost touched the
horizon, as he climbed the winding road
through the orchard and entered the
grove above. Aisles of light perceptibly
tinged with gold lay between the elon-
gated shadows. Even to the sodden, in-
sensitive Jonas, the beauty of the wood-
Jand scene, the magic of the sunset, the
high, solemn, dark-green pines and the
rich glow sifting among them on man-
zanita-bushes and beds of brown needles,
were not without their charm. He drew

a long breath, inhaling the clean balsams
that the hot sun had drawn from the for-
est, and feeling as he did so a vague
pleasure.

  Now he could see his cabin, a long,
four-roomed shack of plain, unpainted
boards and weather-darkened shingles. A
woman in calico was standing in front of
the steps. Two little girls were beside
her, and he wondered as to the where-
abouts of the boy, who had been a fragile
youngster, always ailing and fretful.
"Mebbe Bill is sick agin,” mused Jonas.
He was very glad to be home, but he felt
a little doubtful, a trifle tremulous, as to
the greeting he would receive from Ma-
tilda.

  The woman looked up as he ap-
proached, shading her eyes with her hand
from the last rays of the sun, which fell
horizontally through the wood. He could
see her apron, which was quite clean, as
always, though worn and faded from
many washings, like her dress. She did
not seem to perceive him, but was appar-
ently staring with great intentness at
something among the trees. The chil-
dren also stared, and huddled closer to
her, clinging to the hem of her gown.

  Jonas tried to call out: "Hello, Matil-
da,” but his throat was so dry and dusty
that the words were no more than a
hoarse whisper. He started to clear his
throat, but the simple act was never fin-
ished, for at that moment, the whole
scene before him, the trees, the cabin, the
woman and the children, were lost in a
roaring sheet of ruddy flame that seemed
to come from all sides at once and blot
out the entire world and the very sky as
it towered full-grown in what could have
be® no more than the fraction of a sec-
ond. A blast of intolerable heat, fierce
as the breath of a thousand furnaces, blew
in Jonas’ face and swept him backward
like a hurricane. The mighty roaring
pounded in his ears like a sea, and was
366

WEIRD TALES

mingled with human screams, as he went
down into pitch-black gulfs of uncon-
sciousness.

IT was day when Jonas awoke, but he
was too confused for a few instants to
realize that the light was slanting through
the tree-tops from a different direction,
or that there was more of it than seemed
normal in an evergreen forest. When
his wits returned sufficiently to permit
the comprehension of the faa that it was
morning, he began to notice other things
that were equally singular. He found
that he was lying on his back among
burnt needles, and above him towered
the dark boles of fire-swept trees with
the pitiful stumps of their cauterized
branches. Darkly, indistinaly, in a sort
of dull astonishment, he began to re-
membeV the events of the previous day,
his return at sunset to the cabin, his
glimpse of Matilda and the two children,
and die all-engulfing sheet of flame. He
looked instinaively at his clothes, with
the feeling that he must have been badly
burnt; but there was no trace of fire on
his raiment, and the black ashes about
him were cold. Nor, when he reared
himself on his elbow and peered around,
was there the faintest thread of smoke to
indicate a recent conflagration.

   He arose and stepped toward the place
where the cabin had stood. It was a heap
of ashes, from which protruded the ends
of charred beams.

  “My God!” muttered Jonas. He felt
utterly dazed, and his thoughts refused to
aline themselves, failing to form any sort
of intelligible order.

  As Jonas spoke, a man arose from
where he had been stooping behind the

wreckage of the cabin, furtively dropping
some objea which he held in his hands.
Seeing Jonas, the man came forward
hastily. He was a gaunt individual in
dirty overalls, with the profile and the
general air of a somewhat elderly and
dilapidated buzzard. Jonas recognized
him as Samuel Slocum, one of his neigh-
bors.

  "Wal, Jonas McGillicuddy, so you've
come back,” explained this individual in
raucous tones of unfeigned surprize.
"Ye’re a little too late, though,” he went
on, without pausing to let Jonas speak.
"Everythin’ burnt up clean, four days
ago.”

  “But the cabin wuz here las’ night,”
stammered Jonas. “I came through the
woods ’bout sunset, an’ I saw Matilda an’
the children in front o’ the steps, jus’ as
plain as I see you. Then everythin*
seemed to go up in a burst o’ flame, an’
I didn’t know nothin’ till I woke up jus’
now.”

  “Ye’re crazy, Jonas,” assured the
neighbor. "There weren’t no cabin here
las’ night, an’ no Matildy an’ no children,
neither. They wuz all burnt up, along
with the rest o’ the countery hereabouts.
We heerd yer wife an’ babies a-screamin’,
but the fire wuz all aroun’ before ye
could say Jack Robinson, an’ the trees
fell across yer road, an’ no one could git
in an’ no one could git out. ... I alluz
told ye, Jonas, t’ cut them yeller pines
down.

  "My folks wuz all burnt up?” faltered
Jonas.

  “Wal, yer little boy died a year ago,
so they wuz jus’ Matildy an’ die two
gals.”
\The Story Thus Far

Landing safely on the planet Mars after a voyage
from Earth, Professor Hervy and his daughter
Hath send Joseph Kiser, the third member of their
party, to reconnoiter the Martian city which lies
across the canal. Kiser is captured by Kabo, a Mar-
tian scientist, who transplants Kiser’s pineal gland
into the brain of a '‘marb”, one of a race of sub-
men who live on Mars. Kiser’s memory is thus
transferred to the body of a marb, and the marb’s
intelligence is transferred to Kiser’s body. Professor
Hervy and Ruth are hospitably received by the Mar-
tians, who know nothing of Kabo’s perfidy. Nebond,
the marb whose Intelligence has been transplanted
into Kiser’s body, abducts Ruth and carries her into
the forest where the rest of the marbs live. Kabo’s
niece, Delam Oblene, learns of Kabo’s terrible experi-
ment, and he transplants her intelligence into the
body of a female marb to prevent her informing
the Council of his deed. She and Kiser, in the bodies
of the two marbs, are then marooned on Phobus, one
of* the moons of Mars.

He grasped the rope
before the noose had
tightened upon him.”

13.	A Phobian Tribunal

The realization that the female
marb marooned with him upon
the desolate Martian satellite was
none other than the beautiful Delam
Oblene and that on his account she had
been transformed by her heartless uncle
into a grotesque beast caused Kiser a dis-
tinct thrill of apprehension regarding her
probable danger at the hands of the Res-
cue-men—or the Phobians, as they might
more properly be called.

   Where had she found shelter from the
ravages of the weather? How had she
avoided the very apparent wrath of the
Phobians? What might they not attempt
to do to her now that she had been the
means of their failure in their attack

upon him?

This story began in WEIRD TALES for July

367
368

WEIRD TALES

  Kiser opened the door of his cabin and
strode out once more, intent upon find-
ing Delam Oblene and attempting to
reach some understanding with her. He
must assist her to provide a shelter for
herself, and it had best be near his own
for their mutual protection.

  The rain had ceased and he walked at
once to the shore of the lava lake. Here
he found no trace of her whom he
sought, although he walked for some dis-
tance back and forth along the margin
of the forest calling her name.

  When he had explored as far as he
thought she might have ventured and
was on the verge of turning back toward
his cabin, he heard a slight noise above
him and glanced up just in time to see
one of the Phobians cast a lariat which
sailed with unerring precision and settled
about his neck.

  Having seen it coming, he grasped the
rope before the noose had tightened upon
him, and with a quick puli, which took his
adversary completely by surprize, he dis-
lodged the fellow from his footing in
the tree and stretched him sprawling and
wounded upon the ground near by.

  There was a severe cut on the creature’s
arm, which was bleeding profusely. Kiser
bound it with strips cut from his own
tunic, as the Phobian’s clothing was of
skins and would not serve his purpose.

  This task was performed while the
wounded Phobian lay helpless but quite
conscious, and he gazed at Kiser without
any show of emotion whatsoever.

  When he had finished bandaging the
wound, Kiser placed the Phobian in as
comfortable a position as possible, added
the rope to his equipment, and went back
to his cabin to spend a restless night of
anxiety regarding Delam Oblene, regret-
ing her fearful misfortune inflicted be-
cause of her attempt to intercede in his
behalf, and fearing lest she might suffer
from exposure or attack.

  He pictured the horror of her position,
a refined, beautiful and highly intellectual
maiden forced to occupy the physical
body of a horrid marb whose brain was
so constructed as to limit her mental ac-
tivity. She could not communicate with
her friends by means of telepathy be-
cause the brain-mechanism by means of
which that wonderful feat was accom-
plished by the Martians was lacking in
the marb; neither could she remember
her previous incarnations, except prob-
ably such experiences as she might have
happened to discuss during her existence
as a Martian.

  Early the next morning he renewed his
quest and again he failed to find any
trace of her near the lava lake. He called
her name often and loudly but to no
avail.

  He berated himself for not having
guessed her identity from the first She
had as good as told him that she was
Delam Oblene and yet for many days he
had been blinded to the truth.

Kiser had ventured some distance into
the forest and for some time he had
not called out. Suddenly he heard
voices; he stopped to listen. There could
be no mistake; it was the jumbled and
distant sound of conversation.

  He drew cautiously nearer until he
came upon the opening of a cave. This
opening was guarded by one of the Pho-
bians who appeared to have been placed
there as a sentinel, and he dared not ap-
proach too near.

  Crouching behind the verdure in an
effort to see and yet remain unseen, he
suddenly felt a paroxysm of severe pain
in his hand, which almost caused him to
cry out. Upon investigation he found
that he had touched another of the nu-
merous "nettle trees” such as the one he
had encountered upon that first day upon
the satellite. This one was much larger,

W.T.—5
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

369

however, and was loaded with large yel-
low fruit resembling the tomato. This
was the terrible "tear gas fruit” with
which the Phobians had meant to sere-
nade him in his cabin!

  He plucked several of these "tear-gas
tomatoes,” as he chose to name them,
and placed them in a near-by spot for his
own convenience in case he might need
them.

  Presently another of the Phobians
came to the opening of the cave and held
a brief conversation with the sentinel.
He spoke in a commanding tone and
pointed in the direction of the lava lake.
Evidently he was one in authority, for the
sentinel at once set out in the direction
indicated and the other disappeared in-
side the cave.

  The rendezvous of the Phobians was
left unguarded; should he attempt to go
closer? He did not know when the for-
mer sentinel might return nor that an-
other might not be sent from within to
replace him, but after some moments his
curiosity overcame his caution, and filling
his pockets with tear tomatoes, he crept
forward to the entrance of the cave and
stepped inside.

  There was a high narrow tunnel ex-
tending back some ten feet, where it
opened into a large amphitheater with
many ledges or seats rising in terrace
fashion from the center toward all four
sides. These seats appeared to have
been hewn out of solid stone; they were
about twenty inches wide, each being
some two feet above the next one in
front, with gradually sloping aisles ap-
proaching each of the four corners, the
widest narrowing into the exit in which
he stood, and upon these seats were about
forty of the savage Phobians conducting
what appeared to be some form of
tribunal.

  The amphitheater was well lighted by

means of ereat luminous balls of some
W.T.—6

phosphorescent substance suspended from
overhead; and seated in the ten-foot
square of level floor in the center of the
chamber, her hands securely bound and
a blind placed about her eyes, was the
grotesque marb which he now felt so cer-
tain was Delam Oblene, while at either
side of her stood one of the gross Phobians
and each was talking in loud, quarrelsome
tones. They gesticulated and pounded
themselves on their chests until the en-
closed amphitheater fairly reverberated
with the echo. They were undoubtedly
engaged in a heated argument, though
what the point of contention was Kiser
could not guess. They both talked at
once, and yet, somehow, their listeners
appeared to have no difficulty on this ac-
count and they seemed to understand.

   At sight of Delam Oblene’s plight a
cold rage filled Kiser’s heart. He clutched
the largest of the tear tomatoes and, for-
getful of its probable effect upon Delam
Oblene, threw it with all his strength,
dashing it to fragments upon the face of
one of the orators. Then before any-
one knew what had happened he dealt
the other a like blow upon his chest.

   There was a howl of pain from both
victims of his marksmanship and both
went down with hands to eyes, while oth-
ers scampered back in an effort to escape
the pungent fumes which were now per-
meating the air.

  Now thoroughly aroused to action,
Kiser dashed another of the miniature
gas bombs into the face of still another
of the creatures who had gained the en-
trance to the tunnel and sent him screech-
ing back into the arms of those behind
him.

   The din inside the amphitheater now
became an uproar of screaming, cough-
ing and the shuffling of many feet, for
the Phobians wore heavy wooden shoes.
Not wishing to injure the marb whom he
sought to rescue, Kiser now withheld his
370

WEIRD TALES

rain of vegetable gas bombs but stood
threateningly guarding the entrance of
the cave.

  But Kiser had reckoned without con-
sideration for the skill of the Phobians
with the lariat, and even in the narrow
confines of the tunnel he soon found
himself neatly lassoed. He was dragged
forward into the gas-filled chamber,
where he was thrown rudely to the floor
and securely bound.

  As he entered the amphitheater the ir-
ritating gas from his bombardment filled
his eyes and nostrils and he strangled
and went temporarily blind, but not be-
fore he had seen that all the Phobians
remaining in the chamber wore a rude
appliance over their faces and that the
huge marb whom he believed to be Delam
Oblene lay in the center of the amphi-
theater apparently unconscious. The
Phobians had hurriedly procured their
gas masks, donned them, and were pro-
tected from his attack—the only ones he
had injured were the three whom he
struck and Delam Oblene, if indeed this
animal were she.

  Kiser suffered untold agonies before he
was again able to open his eyes, and then,
as he glanced about him, he saw several
of the Phobians spraying some sort of
fluid into the atmosphere of the room,
presumably to annul the effects of the
tear fruit. The other marb was begin-
ning to awake and several of the Pho-
bians had removed their gas masks. The
three whom he had injured had appar-
ently been carried out, for they were no-
where to be seen, but the others began
to gather about them when it was seen
that they were fully conscious.

  Just what was going to happen to
them—or at any rate to Kiser—there
could be but little doubt, for these strange
creatures began to clamor for vengeance
and many of them had unsheathed their
knives while he lay bound and quite help-

less. And had it not been so it could
have made but little difference; for when
he felt the strength of the creature who
had so easily tossed him upon the floor
he knew that, even had he had his Earth-
ly sinews, he would have been no match
for one of these Phobians.

  As the howling crowd grew closer and
more clamorous the same Phobian whom
Kiser had encountered upon the margin
of the lava lake stepped into the amphi-
theater. Instantly all noise was hushed
and each of the savage creatures stepped
back with an air of deference.

  He walked with a slight limp and he
still wore the dressing which Kiser had
placed upon his arm. When this crea-
ture unsheathed his long knife Kiser
thought surely that his time to die had
come indeed, but the Phobian stooped,
cut the rope which bound Kiser’s hands
and feet, and assisted him to his feet!

  The other marb was dealt with in like
manner and the two were then conducted
to the exit of the cave and released, ap-
parently with the assurance that they
would not be further molested.

  Whatever else might be said of the
Phobians it was certain that this one, who
appeared to be one in authority, was not
without gratitude and appreciation.

  By means of gestures and much argu-
ment Kiser prevailed upon the huge marb
to start the erection of a cabin like his
own a few paces from it.

14.	Pilluth Learns

Both Anhui Pilluth and Frambrozo
Himnun had been suitors for the
hand of Delam Oblene, but, being a
highly skilled microscopist and having
mapped out a career for herself, she had
rejected both and given her undivided at-
tention to her work.

   Pilluth had spent three years, since his
graduation from the university, as Kabo’s
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

371

assistant, and this training had developed
him into a worthy scientist and entitled
him to a commission from the Council
for die asking. Yet he had not meant
to make application for a commission had
Kabo's niece not suddenly left Keto. Or,
at any rate, Pilluth was informed that she
had been permanently removed to Norb
during one of his short vacations.

  This caused the younger man to alter
his plans and he at once made applica-
tion for a commission, and on the very
day that he received it came the news of
Delam Oblene’s death and the arrival of
her ashes from Norb.

  As cremation was compulsory and
must be done before a corpse may be
shipped, no one questioned the identity
of the ashes in the urn and both of the
lovers mourned Delam Oblene as lost
without entertaining the remotest idea
that there might have been foul play.

  True, both Pilluth and Himnun had
attempted to communicate with her after
her departure from Keto and had been
unable to do so. This was very perplex-
ing and they wondered, but neither made
any effort to investigate; and when the
news of her death was received both si-
lently conceded that she was probably ill
and the seeming discrepancy was all but
forgotten.

  Pilluth had made arrangements to open
a laboratory of his own under his com-
mission but deferred his arrangements to
move until after the interment, and on
the heels of this incident came Nebond’s
escape from his hovel and the consequent
report that the missing man had been dis-
covered and lost again, which served to
remind Pilluth of the fearful injustice
which had been done and sent him to visit
Kabo. After having expressed his grati-
tude and appreciation for the guidance
and advice he had received at the hands
of the older man he said, "Regarding this
Earthman whom we so grossly wronged,

is there not some means by which we
might restore him? That is a thing I do
not wish to weigh upon my conscience;
let us extract a promise from him that
he will not reveal our duplicity and re-
store him to his rightful body. He
would most certainly be more than will-
ing to bargain for restoration.”

  “That, my friend is impossible. You
have no conception of the malice borne
us by that degenerate. Restored to his
Earth-body with its enormous strength
he would wreak upon us the most terrible
vengeance his puny mentality could con-
ceive. No, I regret the incident as much
as you but it can not be adjusted now.”
"But do you not think he would bar-
gain with us for his release? He must
realize by now how helpless he is.”
"Bargain indeed! Yes, he would bar-
gain with us! And what means the
promise of an Earthling?”

  “You are unduly embittered against
everything pertaining to the Earth. Re-
member that you and I are but a single
step in evolution above the Earthlings.
But a comparatively short time ago you
yourself were an Earthling, and I dare
say less well developed than this one; if
I am any judge this Earthman can be
trusted.”

  "Pardon me, my dear Pilluth, but there
is much that you forget. There are no
Earthlings that may be trusted. Is it not
their untrustworthiness that plunges them
into the throes of misery? Look at their
greed! Loook at their deceit! Look at
their sensuality! Why, a man devoid of
these traits of character could not live
half a year upon the Earth! During my
own Earth life I was the same as the
others; I was taught these cursed traits
of character from infancy to my so-called
death, and I cheated, lied, swindled, and
hated as the Earthlings must ever do.
No, his word could not be trusted. We
have him in our power now and we must
■ill

WEIRD TALES

keep him so. Had you understood Eng-
lish and heard the vindictive threats he
made against us the day we visited him
in his bed you would not be so generously
inclined. The men of Earth live only
for greed, and vengeance.”

  "But, sir, on Masovada we presume to
have no such traits; here none are so vile
save you and me—for are we not deceiv-
ing the Council of Masovada? Are we
not cowards, that we hide behind this
poor unfortunate’s misfortune to save
ourselves from the wrath of our fellow
men? Was it not greed for scientific
knowledge that prompted us to commit
this crime in the first place?”

  "Alas, Pilluth, you speak truly and
well. All of these facts I have pondered
in remorse of soul; in agony of soul I
sorrow that this thing has gone beyond
the possibility of reparation, but it is so.
It is all honor to you, Pilluth, that you
wish to right this wrong, but it can not
be. To restore these two would be our
ruin—my death, and disgrace for you
forever!”

  "Why do you say these two?” Pilluth
was gazing into the other’s eyes as if to
read his innermost thoughts.

  "Nebond has been wronged equally
with the Earthling,” quickly responded
Kabo, his face going deadly pale. How
much had Pilluth read of that which had
involuntarily flashed into his mind?

  Without further argument the young
man took leave of his preceptor and went
to his room to pack his belongings pre-
paratory to going away. When he had
finished this task, something prompted
him to take one last look about the
grounds. He was not satisfied with
Kabo’s answer to his request that the
Earthling be restored, and he desired to
see once more the horrible result of the
double operation; so he strolled alone
about the enclosure reviewing the results
of various experiments and making some

notes regarding each.

  He visited the hovel where Nebond
was confined, but nowhere could he find
the marb bearing the personality of
Joseph Kiser. He searched the entire
garden until no portion remained save
the isolated hovel where Kabo had con-
ducted his private laboratory and whither
all others were forbidden to go.

  Pilluth hesitated to approach this build-
ing for two reasons: first, he had always
respected Kabo’s wishes in this respect
and was inclined to do so now; and sec-
ond, he feared that Kabo might see him.
The remembrance of the look on Kabo’s
face, however, when he had made what
Pilluth was sure was an unintentional re-
mark, spurred him on and he determined
to investigate and, if the Earthman could
speak German, to have a talk with him.
Too, he felt that he had a right at least
to converse with the Earthling if it were
possible to do so; for was he not equally
guilty of the crime? Kabo had been be-
trayed while he had lived upon the Earth,
and he was unduly and unjustly embit-
tered against the Earth and its inhab-
itants. Pilluth wanted to feam what
terms the Earthman would agree to.

  Reaching the door of the small build-
ing, he knocked. For a moment there
was no response, and he knocked a sec-
ond time. From within came a queru-
lous protest in the accents of a marb, but
the pitch of the voice was that of a hu-
man being, and a Martian female at that!
"Why do you come knocking? It is not
yet time for my food, and if it were why
do you not fetch it to the slot instead of
disturbing my sleep at this hour? Go
away. I do not want the food you fetch
me anyhow; you refuse me the herbs and
worms I desire and force upon me your
own rotten food. Why don’t you bring
me the kind of food I want? If you
would please me, fetch worms — fetch
worms!”
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

373

  For a moment Pilluth stood as if
stunned. What Martian woman had
Kabo performed his terrible experiment
upon? He knew this was not Kiser, for
this creature had spoken the Martian lan-
guage; and again, the voice had been
unmistakably feminine. What could the
answer be? Nebond he had seen already!

  Pilluth got a large stone, hastily broke
the lock on the door, and, forgetful of
any danger to himself, swung the heavy
portal wide. One look inside and he ut-
tered a cry of horrified amazement; for,
slouched ungracefully upon a crude bed
at the opposite side of the small room,
lay Delam Oblene!

  Blinking at the unaccustomed light
which had suddenly flooded her dismal
chamber, she stared at the astonished
Pilluth without the slightest sign of
recognition; although she was more than
half naked there was no sign of confu-
sion in her manner, nothing of intelli-
gence in her eye. At length, as he con-
tinued to stare at her in utter amazement,
she bared her teeth and growled!

  At this Pilluth recoiled as from a blow
in the face; then with arms outstretched
he stepped toward her. "My darling!
Kabo told me you were dead—what—
what—don’t you know me, Delam Ob-
lene?” He attempted to take her hand and
she snatched it away; then with a vicious
snarl she bent forward and her teeth
snapped together with great force, barely
missing his outstretched hand as he re-
coiled with horror against the half-open
door.

  "How—how can you act like that?
Don’t you know me, Delam Oblene?”
"That is not my name! I am Juak.
Now I am going to run amuck! I shall
kill you if you do not stand aside!”

  "No, you are not Juak! You are mad!
Of course you are not Juak; you are De-
lam Oblene, and you can not kill me
because I am stronger than you. Why has

Kabo imprisoned you here until he has
undermined your reason? Come, pull
yourself together now and think!”

  "I tell you I am Juak! I am going to
run amuck now! I will—will—no, no,
it’s no use! I have lost all my strength!
Kabo has changed me into a weak thing
that can not even have an occasional
amuck. Look at my arms! White! And
so small! What are they good for? Look
at my legs!” She displayed unblushingly
a very shapely pair of limbs. "They are
too long and too small and too white!
My body looks as though it had been
shaved! Kabo has spoiled me, and if I
only had the strength to run amuck 1
would kill you first and then kill Kabo.”

  In his surprize at seeing Delam Ob-
lene, Pilluth had forgotten for the
moment about Kabo and his soul-trans-
ference; now he remembered and sud-
denly the realization of the terrible truth
came to him: Kabo had performed his
hideous operation upon Delam Oblene
and had thus transferred her mentality to
the body of a marb! This creature with
which he was conversing was Juak, a
female marb which had possession of
Delam Oblene’s body!

  His feeling as this realization came to
him was, at first, a sense of dreadful sick-
ening horror; his hands shook, his lips
trembled, and something seemed to rise
up in his throat as if to choke him. This
feeling rapidly gave way to intense anger
toward the heartless perpetrator of the
infamous deed. For this outrage Kabo
must be punished—swiftly, surely, and
terribly. He must be made to suffer even
as Delam Oblene had suffered — but
where was the real Delam Oblene?

  "My God!” wailed Pilluth. "The
heartless, infamous, damnable brute! I
had not dreamed that anyone could be so
base! Never before in all my Masovadan
experience have I undertaken to avenge
myself upon any living creature, but this
374

WEIRD TALES

is too much! He shall pay! By God, he
shall pay!’*

  Juak was watching him with amuse-
ment. “You will run amuck?” she asked
with delight. "You will kill Kabo?”
Anhui Pilluth looked pityingly at the
creature and a great sob rose in his
throat. The superb form, the delicate
pink skin was that of the maiden he had
loved, but from her eye now shone only
the intelligence of Juak the filthy female
marb! His hurt was too great to express
in words, so he did not speak, but just
stared at her in mute, dumfounded an-
guish. His feelings mingled tenderness,
pity, and horror for this creature who was
and yet who was not Delam Oblene and
an intense resentment toward Kabo who
was the author of her present predic-
ament. His thoughts flew back to the
Delam Oblene he had known as he con-
tinued to stare at this creature before him
and with the refinement, the maidenly
modesty, and the simple sweetness of the
one compared the lowly, sloven, unkempt
baseness of the other, and his blood
seemed to freeze within him as he re-
called her words: "Worms! Worms,
fetch worms!”

  It was a thoroughly aroused Pilluth
who strode out of Juak’s shanty, repaired
the broken lock, and fastened the door.
He could as yet formulate no definite
plan of action, however, for he had no
idea where Kabo had hidden the other
two victims of his perfidy — the marb
forms of Delam Oblene and Joseph
Kiser. His first thought was to rush at
once to Kabo and demand an explana-
tion, but, on second thought, he rejected
this plan; for he reasoned that such a
course of action would only serve to
warn Kabo that his crime against his
niece had been discovered and thus put
him on his guard and perhaps stimulate
him to further attempt at crime. He
would demand an explanation of Kabo

only as a last resort to find the imprisoned
souls of Delam Oblene and the Earthman.

14.	Beck Protests

Since there were none in the tribe who
might mate with Beck and since Beck
was too old to forage successfully in other
tribes for a mate and lacked the courage
to protest with the conquerer of the
mighty Pleck for having purloined Pike,
this surly marb looked with favor upon
Ruth. Of course Beck knew that she had
none of the charm and rare beauty so
manifest in his lost Pike, but even such a
hollow-eyed, pink-skinned female as she
would probably be better than no mate
at all; for, to be sure, someone must pro-
vide his food for him. Beck was proud
and he knew the other marbs would taunt
and tease, but also he had a vigorous ap-
petite and he was very lazy; rather than
forage for himself he must put his pride
aside, for would they not taunt anyhow
should he start providing for himself?

  He approached Ruth with his most
affectionate growl, which was also his
most commanding, for he was not aware
of her participation in the fight with
Pleck. "Come to me, you imp of perdi-
tion!” he said affectionately. "You are
not much to look upon, but if you pro-
vide for me well perhaps I shall not beat
you except when I run amuck.”

  When Ruth drew back he growled
even more fiercely. "Do not anger me
further!” he roared. "Is it not enough
that I must accept you at all? Come!”
But she did not come, and Beck began
to foam at the mouth, while the tribe
crowded about to see the fun. And the
pending encounter promised to be very
interesting, too, for had not this strange
female all but bested Pleck? But the
slothful Beck did not know this.

  Ruth had backed away from him and
stood trembling, although she must have
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

375

known that she possessed far greater
physical strength than the best of them,
while Nebond stood regarding them with
the air of a disinterested onlooker.

  The beast was greatly surprized and
angered when Ruth evaded his first
charge and gave him a shove which sent
him staggering many steps backward
while the other marbs taunted him with
delight.

  He charged at her again and with re-
newed fury, but when his long arm shot
toward her she lightly stepped aside, and
seizing his arm with both her hands, she
deftly attempted to bend it the wrong
way—as she had seen Kiser do upon that
memorable day of their landing.

  Beck uttered a hoarse scream of an-
guish and drew back, nursing the
wounded member and glaring at Ruth
with intense hatred. The marbs taunted
him with frantic glee, dancing and hop-
ping about in their delight with shrill
sounds which very nearly approximated
laughter, but Beck had had enough of
the affray; so he slunk away into the for-
est muttering and grimacing in his rage
and discomfiture.

  Nor did he stop at the canal shore.
He plunged into the water and swam
across into the city of Keto. There he
hailed the first Martian he saw and re-
quested that he communicate with the
chief of the Council in behalf of the un-
fortunate tribe of marbs who had been
invaded by a strange being with sunken
eyes and such savage strength that many
of them had been killed and the others
subjected to much oppression.

   From Beck’s account of the situation it
was at once recognized that the mad
Earthman was among them, and Fram-
brozo Himnun was notified.

  Very soon Himnun, Professor Hervy
and Unel Kabo were on the scene, and
after questioning the marb at some length
the three armed themselves with a Stro-

tan Ray machine and kandiked to the
habitat of Pleck’s—or rather, Nebond’s
tribe.

  Here they found the marbs lounging
about in the sunshine, seemingly quite
well content with the new order of things.
The dead had been disposed of by being
thrown into a deep crevice, and none
appeared to resent the intrusion into their
midst of a creature of strange form who
had wrought such havoc among them but
a few hours before.

  Nebond lolled among them as lazy, as
dirty, and quite as loathsome with his un-
washed, blood-stained hands as were the
others, but Ruth was nowhere to be seen.

  As the kandike landed near them, Ne-
bond arose and approached them. When
he had drawn quite near he stopped and
began pounding his chest with his fists.

  Kabo’s face went dead white when this
creature addressed them in the Martian
tongue: "I am Nebond and Nebond does
not fear the Masovadans. If you attempt
to take Nebond back into captivity Ne-
bond will kill all of you! Nebond is
very strong; far stronger than any other
marb that ever lived, and you had best
leave Nebond alone! Go now, before I
run amuck and kill the three of you!
Nebond and his tribe will suffer no in-
terference from the Masovadan Council!”

  Without further ado Kabo brought the
Strotan Ray machine into play and Ne-
bond fell limp and inert to the ground
even as he started to charge them in the
frightful amuck of a Martian marb.

  "The Earthman has been among the
marbs all the while; I wonder why they
have not reported his presence,” said
Kabo as he approached the slowly re-
treating colony of marbs.

  "Where is the girl he brought into the
forest with him?” asked Himnun of one
of the beasts who had not bolted into the
forest when Nebond fell.

  "She left the tribe as soon as she had
37 6

WEIRD TALES

bested Beck,” replied the marb. "She
went in that direction”—he pointed east,
then nodded toward the inert form of
Nebond—“and he forbade any of us to
follow her. He said she was a dangerous
she and had best be allowed to go where
she chose.”

  "Has this creature been with you be-
fore?” asked Himnun.

  "We never saw him nor his like before
today. He came to us claiming that he
was Nebond who was taken into captiv-
ity many many small-moons ago for hav-
ing run amuck and injured a Masovadan;
but he is not Nebond—he is not even a
marb, as you can see. But fight! You
should have seen him slay Pleck and Zib
and Liko and Ube and the others of
Pleck’s family! It was very amusing!”
"Undoubtedly you enjoyed it im-
mensely, but now we must find the girl.
Who is the leader of this tribe now?”
"Who else, Honorable Councilor, but
Lune? Lune is the greatest of all the
marbs and, had this misshapen creature
not appeared I should have killed Pleck
myself before another small-moon had
passed. I, Lune, am now king of the
marbs.”

  “Nay!” roared another of the beasts
who stood listening; "Lune is a fool! It
is I, Bike, who shall be king of the marbs;
if it becomes necessary I shall kill Lune,
for he shall not stand between me and my
right!”

  “Away into the forest and find the
girl!” commanded Himnun. “The marb
who finds her shall be king of the others
and the Council shall stand with him for
six small-moons; if he can not maintain
his authority after that, why, dien he
must fall. Now go.”

  The remaining marbs scurried away in
search of Ruth, and they sought in a way
known only to the animals of lower order.

  Himnun and Professor Hervy re-
mained on the scene to await the results

of the quest while Kabo kandiked the in-
ert form of Nebond back to captivity.

  Even before Kabo returned for them
the ambitious Lune returned triumphant,
with Ruth walking a few paces behind
him, and when she saw them she hurried
forward and flung herself sobbing upon
her father’s breast.

  "Oh, Dad! This has been such a hor-
rible experience! Dad, I actually had to
fight them with my hands—and Joseph
is so terrible!”

   "It is all right now, my dear,” soothed
her father; "we have found you and
Joseph is in the skilled hands of Dr.
Kabo.”

   “No, no, Dad; I fear that he will never
recover. Oh, if you had seen the terrible
things he did you would realize that re-
covery for him is impossible. He is a
beast! And he doesn’t appear to have any
human characteristics left at all! Dad,
what could have happened to have
changed him so?”

16.	A Discovery

Although the Martian language
-would have been much easier for
Kiser to learn than English for Delam
Oblene, yet she learned English very
quickly because there lurked in her sub-
conscious memory a subdued knowledge
of the language, just as a genius is one
who in some previous life has acquired
some proficiency in the line in which he
is now so expert and consequently draws
involuntarily upon this subconscious store
of knowledge; and within a short time
the two could converse without difficulty.

  The great soul of Delam Oblene could
function but poorly through the undevel-
oped brain of Juak, and yet it is the soul
which matters most; for Juak with the
highly developed brain and beautiful
body of Delam Oblene was quite as lowly
and base as she had been before. She
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

377

could no more make use of the brain
cells which were now at her disposal than
Delam Oblene could properly express
herself through the brain and physique of
Juak.

  Both Kiser and Delam Oblene found
it very difficult to Concentrate upon any
plan for their own deliverance from this
horrid predicament, and in their minds
there evolved plans for their permanent
residence on the satellite and the embry-
onic idea that they might eventually mate
and live quite happily together. And yet
there was that infinite something which
forbade them yielding to impulse—per-
haps a degree of self-control developed
by hundreds of years more of experience
than the marbs have had.

  Delam Oblene could remember her ex-
periences as a Martian but could not re-
call her previous experiences and was
prone to forget recent occurrences very
quickly, while Kiser was not so severely
handicapped because he had never been
able to remember his previous incarna-
tions.

  One evening while strolling through
the forest Kiser noticed a peculiar glow
upon the horizon which reminded him of
the Earthly aurora, and though he had no
idea how remote the light might be, he
elected to make a tour of exploration at
least for a short distance in that direction.

  After walking less than a mile he came
upon what he first thought was another
lava lake, until he reflected that the lava
lake did not generate light and noted that
this brilliant area gave forth no heat.

  It was a bright phosphorescent lake
several acres in area, which illuminated
this portion of the forest with almost daz-
zling brilliance and outdid the reflected
light from Mars in casting dense black
shadows back into the surrounding dark-
ness.

  With a long stick he poked into the

shining mass. It was semi-solid and
clung tenaciously to the stick when he
pulled it away. The end of the stick
glowed brightly and when he touched it
with his hand it imparted this property
to his fingers.

  This was undoubtedly the source of
those luminous balls with which the Pho-
bians lighted their cave dwellings; what
it was composed of and why it should
exist he could not guess, as also he was
at a loss to account for the presence of
the lava lake upon this small satellite
which, because of its small size, should
have cooled many thousands of years ago.
He had marveled also that the atmos-
phere should be so much more dense
here than on Mars and that the pull of
gravity was greater upon this satellite
than upon the planet. This last he
suspected was due to the centrifugal force
of the rapidly revolving satellite and won-
dered vaguely what might happen to one
who might chance to circumnavigate the
satellite and attempt to walk on the sur-
face which was always turned away from
Mars.

  When Kiser noted that the lake im-
parted its phosphorescent property to the
stick an idea began to formulate in his
slothful brain; he wondered if the Mar-
tians were not quite proficient in astron-
omy. Since they were possessed of supe-
rior knowledge in other sciences, he
reasoned that they probably excelled in
this also; undoubtedly they had seen this
luminous area and might see such lumi-
nous figures or characters as he might
make if drawn large enough.

  He hurriedly sought Delam Oblene to
discuss this plan with her. She informed
him that they knew of the phosphorescent
lake, also that the satellite had a greater
gravitational pull due to its centrifugal
force and an adequate rainfall, but they
had not known of the lava lakes or of any
source of internal heat, having taught for
378

WEIRD TALES

centuries that the satellite was damp, cold,
and forbidding.

  When he unfolded his plans to write
an S O S with the phosphorescent sub-
stance she was very enthusiastic and of-
fered her whole-hearted co-operation and
help. They set out at once for the lake,
and so excited was Kiser over the further-
ance of his plan that he set a pace which
Delam Oblene found difficulty in match-
ing.

  "We will write both our names in large
characters, and when the astronomers see
our inscription through their telescopes
they will deduce that we have been ma-
rooned here and take steps to liberate us
by means of the Arrogant. Imagine
Kabo’s surprize when he learns that his
'Earthworm’ has turned upon him and
that his plans have been foiled!”

  "I have tried to reason from every pos-
sible angle and I can not see wherein
there is a chance of failure. Such an in-
scription as you plan will most assuredly
be seen by our astronomers, who will at
once broadcast the news, and Frambrozo
Himnun will do the rest.”

  When they reached the shore of the
phosphorescent lake Kiser secured a
large stick, wrapped one end of it secure-
ly with a thick coating of leaves, tied
these with grasses, and dipped it into the
glowing surface of the lake.

  Delam Oblene followed his example
but when her stick was ready for use she
returned to find Kiser floundering in
utter confusion.

  "It’s no use!” he cried in despair. "It’s
no use; I can’t do it!”

  "Why, what is the matter?” Delam
Oblene was perplexed.

  "I can not remember one single char-
acter of script! Nebond was never taught
how to write, and he might not have been
had they tried, for it seems that the marb
brain has no graphic center. I can not
write, Delam Oblene! I can not write!”

  His despair was pitiable to behold, but
Delam Oblene did not cry for the same
reason that Kiser did not write. Together
they turned and slunk despondently back
into the forest.

  Kiser spent a sleepless night nursing
his recent disappointment and wondering
if there might be no way in which they
might seek deliverance from their tragic
fate. He had not realized the limitation
resulting from the possession of a marb’s
brain, and feared lest he might be over-
looking some chance of escape for that
reason. Would the things about him look
the same if he might look at them with
his own eyes? Was there not some avenue
of escape which his submerged mentality
was unable to grasp? But no; what could
be more hopeless than being thus ma-
rooned on a satellite several thousand
miles from the planet Mars, which was
inaccessible to the inhabitants of the
planet unless they used the Earth craft,
which was extremely unlikely? No, they
had not overlooked any possibility be-
cause there was nothing to overlook.

  Early the next morning he sought De-
lam Oblene.

  "We were greatly disappointed last
night at our failure to signal the planet
and the experience serves to disillusion us
regarding any false hopes of escape from
the fate which Kabo has placed upon us,”
he said. "Perhaps we should make the
best of it and try to be happy. Why
should we not mate and try to forget our
troubles?”

  "Do you think there is no hope that
we might be discovered by your friend
from Earth and taken back to Masovada,
where the Council would demand our de-
liverance at Kabo’s hands?”

  "Alas, no, there is no further hope.
No one dreams that we may be on this
satellite, and unless that were suspected
it would never occur to them to visit Pho-
bus. But it is not because of the fact that
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

379

we may never escape our fate that I wish
to mate with you, Deiam Oblene; it is
because I have learned to care for you
very, very much.”

  "Earthman, I fear to make so impor-
tant a decision with my present mental
equipment! I do not know what to de-
cide; I do not know how I should answer
you. Please give me a few days longer
to think—or try to think. Perhaps it is
best that we attempt to make the best of
a bad situation; perhaps it is best that we
should mate and try to forget as you say,
but do not ask me to decide just now.
Sometimes I think that I do love you,
Joseph Kiser, and I would go through
this experience again to aid you; but I
do not know how I should answer you
just now. Perhaps tomorrow I shall tell
you my answer/'

   Joseph Kiser readied out a hairy, cal-
loused hand and clasped another larger
and even more calloused one, and with a
horrid grimace which was intended for a
loving smile, he lifted it to his coarse,
livid lips. Just then he thought of Ruth.
Might she not at this moment be think-
ing of him? Had she allowed another
to replace him in her heart? Had she
ceased to love him because of these few
months of separation? Kiser could not
bring himself to believe that she had.

17.	Pilluth's Dilemma

Having sought in vain for the two
victims of Kabo’s mania for scien-
tific advancement, Pilluth was forced to
confer again with Kabo.

   “I have come,” he said, struggling to
control his emotion, "to make a confes-
sion, ask some questions, and demand an
adjustment.”

   “Your confession and your questions,
my dear Pilluth, I will hear with pleas-
ure," replied Kabo, “but you should re-
call that there are but few who may

demand anything of Kabo. Other things
that you should recall are that as a re-
cently commissioned scientist, your success
will depend largely upon my co-opera-
tion.”

  “Be that as it may, you shall hear me
and just this once you shall do as I de-
mand. I have seen the creature which
you have imprisoned within your gar-
dens who bears the physical body of
Delam Oblene. I have not been able to
find Delam Oblene herself nor the marb
form of the Earthman, but you can do so
—and this you are going to do imme-
diately, for I am very impatient to have
them restored; in fact, the longer their
restoration is delayed the more I am im-
pressed with the conviction that it would
be a virtue to murder you with my two
hands and suffer the consequences!”

  “And just how, may I ask, are you go-
ing to enforce your demand? You have
confessed that you can not find the two
marbs; therefore you can not restore them
yourself; you dare not report me to the
Council, for you are as guilty of the
Earthling’s derangement as I; and you
will not murder me as you have threat-
ened, for then there would be no one
who could tell you where the two whom
you seek are hidden. No, Pilluth, as
always Kabo holds the winning cards and
you are quite as helpless as the fools
whom you desire to aid.”

  "There is one trump, Kabo, on which
you failed to reckon." There was a men-
acing gleam in Pilluth’s eyes, and Kabo
paled. "That is my physical strength. I
shall give you just a taste of it now and
repeat it each half-hour in increasing
doses until you are brought to realize that
I mean business when I tell you that these
people must be restored!”

  Pilluth caught a firm hold upon Kabo’s
long slender throat, and when his finger's
tightened the Martian’s face first red-
dened and then grew quite purple as his
380

WEIRD TALES

eyes protruded to their extreme limit and
he struggled impotently while Pilluth
shook him as though he were a mere in-
fant.

  Pilluth retained his self-control, how-
ever, and when the other began to relax
in his efforts at resistance he released his
hold and flung the gasping Kabo back
into the chair.

  "Perhaps it may not be necessary to re-
peat that performance,” said Pilluth
evenly when Kabo had recovered himself
somewhat, "but just the same I shall de-
crease the interval to fifteen minutes and
I shall stay here and continue to argue
in this manner until you tell me where
you have hidden your niece and the
Earthman. And remember: if you have
killed diem, then there is no further
reason for my refraining from killing
you, as I should like very much to do.”
"You fool!” gasped Kabo. "I shall
ruin you for this! No, I will not tell you
where they are hidden, and you shall rue
the day which gave you the idea that you
might cross Kabo and prosper!”

  Kabo pressed a small button upon his
desk and sprang to his feet. At once a
door opened behind Pilluth and Nebond
stepped into the room.

  "Get him, Nebond!” screamed Kabo.
"You may run amuck and rend him to
your heart’s content! Beat him! Kill him
if you like; and if you do not you shall
have no more food!”

  Without hesitation Nebond sprang
upon the astonished Pilluth and struck
him a mighty blow between the eyes, and
the Martian fell limp and inert to the
floor without even so much as an effort to
defend himself.

  After having ascertained that Pilluth
still lived, Kabo called an ambulance and
had him conveyed to the Emergency
House, then went about his duties just
as though nothing out of the ordinary
had happened. He calmly reported the

incident to the Councilor Chief, saying
that the Earthman had bolted from his
cell and injured Pilluth. "The Earthman
is getting very troublesome,” he reported;
"should we not urge his friends to take
him back to Earth as soon as possible?
He has such strength that our walls will
hardly contain him and sooner or later
he is going to kill someone. I shall attend
Pilluth personally; perhaps I may be able
to save him, but I fear that he is fatally
hurt. I seriously doubt that he will ever
regain consciousness.”

  "No,” the Councilor Chief informed
him, "we do not want the Earthlings to
return, nor could they do so if they would
until they construct a pump with which
to replenish their air supply. If your
walls are not strong enough we shall con-
struct stronger walls. Keep him there
and do the best you can to restore his
reason.”

  "You are right; the scientist from Earth
should not be allowed to return. I will
do what may be done for the madman,
but I am sure that he is quite incurable.
He has lived with some tribe of marbs
until he believes himself one of them.
He has even forgotten his own language
and has acquired the monotonous speech
of the marbs. I will report Pilluth’s
progress from day to day, and if the poor
fellow should pass out I shall attend to
the details of his cremation.”

18.	Ruth Decides

Frambrozo himnun had respected
Ruth’s love for Kiser and had said
nothing to her of love, but they had been
thrown much in each other’s company,
and since the reported death of Delam
Oblene, the Martian had found solace
from his bereavement in the companion-
ship of the Earth-girl and they had con-
fided in each other unreservedly until a
sort of comradeship had sprung up be-
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

381

tween them which amounted to an almost
perfect understanding.

  And since Ruth’s harrowing experience
in the Martian forest she could not think
of Kiser without a shudder of aversion,
yet amid all of this there persisted the
memory of him as she had known him in
days gone by, and she had never ceased
to long for him as he was then. It was as
though his soul had been snatched from
him; he seemed a man without a soul, a
physical remnant of his former self with
even the memory of past events gone
from him, speaking a different language
and fancying himself a beast; this must
indeed be a strange sort of mania.

  Professor Hervy’s new-found interest
in the Martian’s maiden sister also added
to Ruth’s loneliness, and when at length
Himnun began to talk to her of love she
listened willingly. Why should she not
wed this wonderful Martian and try to
live happily upon Mars? The Martian
scientists had told them that the Arrogant
would probably not be able to mal^ the
return voyage and she might never see
others of her own kind, and, after all,
the Earth life would seem quite crude in-
deed now, since they had had a taste of
the Martian existence.

  "We have both had our disappoint-
ments in life,” Himnun said. "My own
hope for happiness seemed dead with the
passing of Delam Oblene, but your com-
panionship has revived it. I refrained
from speaking until today, when the
Councilor Chief informed me that Kabo
has no further hope of Joseph Kiser’s re-
covery. Now I must tell you that I love
you; we understand one another and I
know that we can live happily together.
Our physical differences need not matter,
and who knows but that Earth blood is
just what is needed to remedy our phys-
ical imperfections?”

  "I hardly know how I should answer
you, Himnun. I am sure that I love you

and I feel certain that we could live hap-
pily together, and yet I feel that I should
not desert Joseph Kiser while there might
be any hope for his recovery, and per-
haps if we might only get him back to
Earth and away from this low pressure
atmosphere he would recover. I feel that
we should try to perfect pumps large
enough to replenish our reservoirs. If
you think best we will not divulge the
fact that we have succeeded in reaching
your planet, but I feel that we must at-
tempt to get him back and give him this
chance to recover.”

   “But do you have upon Earth any such
scientist as Unel Kabo?”

  "Himnun, dear, I do not know why I
should feel so, but I do not trust your
Unel Kabo. He is so repulsive to me, and
it seems so strange that poor Joseph
should have returned to Kabo’s estate
that day upon which we discovered him.
The path of destruction which he had
wrought started from there, too, and the
poor boy seemed to have intended stop-
ping there until he chanced to remember
that everything about him had been
destroyed. Do you suppose it is possible,
Himnun, that Kabo may have destroyed
his reason?”

   "Oh, no, indeed! I am sure that you do
Kabo a fearful injustice to even so much
as imagine such a thing. Why, he is our
Councilor Scientist and highly respected
and honored all over Masovada. Why
should you distrust Kabo, Ruth?”

  "I do not know why, but I do. He
does not impress me as an honorable man,
and I can not endure his sarcastic attitude.
And since he maintains that Joseph is in-
curable, why should he deny us the priv-
ilege of seeing him?”

  "I do not know, but I am sure that
there is some good reason. Perhaps he
fears that it may not be safe; only yester-
day the Earthman attacked and probably
fatally injured Kabo’s former assistant,
382

WEIRD TALES

Anhui Pilluth. I fear that you have
allowed yourself to become unjustly
prejudiced, Ruth.”

  "Perhaps. Perhaps I should feel shame
to think as I do regarding your Coun-
cilor Scientist, bur what has he done
to entitle him to the respect and confi-
dence of the people of Mars?”

  "He has struggled upward from the
rank of a laboratory technician to that of
Councilor Scientist by hard work and
sheer merit. He is the leader of a certain
school of scientific thought which at-
tempts to explain heredity upon the basis
of natural selection and the development
of brain centers, while the contending
element maintains that heredity can be
explained by means of natural selection
alone. And by natural selection we mean
that a soul, upon being incarnated on
Masovada, chooses or selects the family
which most nearly harmonizes with its
needs—or that the parents subconscious-
ly choose a kindred spirit for their off-
spring. To this theory Kabo has added the
suggestion that the individual by thous-
ands of years of culture and development
has acquired certain highly specialized
brain centers which are passed on to the
offspring ready for use when the new in-
dividual is properly trained, and that this
has a bearing upon heredity. Kabo has
all but proved his contentions by a series
of surgical operations wherein he has
successfully transferred the mentality of
one animal to the body of another

and-”

  But Ruth was not listening. She had
risen from her seat and her face was
deadly pale.

  "Why, what is the matter?” Himnun
sprang to his feet startled.

  "I see—I see?” cried Ruth almost in-
coherently. "That is what he has done to
Joseph Kiser!”

  "Why, what do you mean?” asked
Himnun, bewildered.

  “Don't you see, Himnun? He has—he
has—my God! Why did we not suspect
the truth before?”

  "You can not mean that—that—why,

Ruth, surely you do not believe-”

  "I do not believe—I know! He has
put the mentality of a beast within the
body of Joseph Kiser!”

  “But, Ruth, why do you think Kabo
has done this thing? Such things are not
done upon Masovada.”

  “But there can be no doubt! Kabo did
this thing and kept Joe imprisoned until
he escaped quite by accident. His path
of destruction started within Kabo’s gar-
dens and he returned there with me be-
fore he carried me into the forest. He
spoke the Martian language and claimed
to be one of the marbs who had been
taken into captivity some months before,
and now I remember his having told the
marbs that Kabo had captured him, al-
though I did not notice it at the time.”
At first Himnun was inclined to doubt
Kabo’s guilt but he was forced to con-
cede that the evidence was overwhelm-
ing, and at length he got in communica-
tion with Kabo and demanded that the
scientist’s garden be opened to Councilar
inspection.

  Kabo tried to play for time, but Him-
nun would take no excuses; he demanded
an immediate investigation of Kabo’s
estate and at length Kabo came to terms.

  “Himnun,” he urged, “I am ready to
confess my guilt in this matter. I have
suffered the agonies of the damned be-
cause of having done this thing, but once
I had started it I feared to stop. Just
stop this Councilar investigation and I
will restore the Earthling as best I can.
Of course there will be a certain element
of danger connected with the operation
of restoration because of the scar tissue
which will be encounterbut I think I
can restore them. God knows I have
been punished sufficiently—I did this
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

383

thing before I knew that there were oth-
ers in the Earthman’s party, and you may
imagine the suspense I have borne since
the search for him was started. I can
not bear the thought of being disgraced
and deported, and I will bargain with
you for the restoration of the Earthling:
if you withhold your knowledge of my
guilt I will restore him, but if you report
me to the Council he shall remain for-
ever as he is.”

19- Restoration

Not one word did Kabo broadcast
regarding Delam Oblene, but he
must have known that his whole secret
would be found out when Kiser was re-
stored, and of course the indolent Ne-
bond would reveal his duplicity in regard
to Pilluth’s injury; so he dared not exe-
cute his original plan regarding his for-
mer assistant; and so it was that about
the time when the Earthman’s "recov-
ery” was announced, Pilluth was able
to sit in a wheel-chair for a few minutes
at a time.

  The Earthman’s recovery was another
great triumph for Kabo, who announced
at the same time that his niece, Delam
Oblene, whom he had thought dead for
some months, had in reality been afflicted
with the same malady which had crazed
Joseph Kiser and that with an operation
of his own designing he had restored the
reason of both. It was quite a new
malady, Kabo announced, but now he
felt that he had it under perfect control
so that there would be no further spread
—just as many times before he had con-
trolled other maladies which had harassed
the Masovadans.

  Although much further incensed at
Kabo for his treatment of Delam Oblene,
Himnun was overjoyed at her restoration
"from the dead,” as it were; and since
the Councilor Scientist had made himself

a popular idol of the Martians by his
supposed accomplishments, he reasoned
that it would not be best to denounce
him for his crimes and chose to remain
silent. But not so Pilluth.

  How long Pilluth had been gone from
the Emergency House before his absence
was discovered none of the attendants
knew. He had not as yet been allowed
to walk and certainly was not able to
leave the institution alone.

  The alarm was at once broadcast and
an attempt was made to communicate
with Kabo, but he could 'not be reached.
Many times his vibratory rate was con-
centrated upon but he did not respond.
What could be the matter? And why
had Pilluth disappeared? The superin-
tendent was notified and he rushed at
once to the landing-terrace to go in
search of the missing sick man, but when
he reached the terrace he uttered an ex-
clamation of surprize, for his kandike
was gone!

  The institution was in a fever of ex-
citement; attendants were questioned,
messages were broadcast over the city,
the Councilor Chief was notified, and,
attempted communication with Kabo
having failed, an effort was made to
reach Pilluth himself—all without result.

  The excitement at the Emergency
House had reached the degree of its
maximum intensiveness when the super-
intendent’s kandike was jokingly parked
upon the landing-terrace and Pilluth stag-
gered out of it, to fall fainting into the
arms of the astonished attendants.

  When Pilluth had been put to bed and
revived he asked for Himnun.

  "I have done what I considered my
duty,” said Pilluth as Himnun seated
himself at the bedside. Then he related
in detail what had happened since the
landing of the Earth-craft, and added:
"Knowing that you must have bargained
with Kabo I was not content to lie still
WEIRD TALES

and allow him to go free with the ap-
plause of all Masovada. His depravity
demanded severe punishment, and I
elected to administer it; so I sneaked
away from the Emergency House and
performed upon him his own operation,
transferring his mentality to the body of
Nebond and the mentality of Nebond to
the body of Kabo just as he did in the
case of Joseph Kiser."

  Himnun gasped and sprang to his feet
in his amazement. "What! You mean
to tell me that you did that horrible
thing?”

  "Yes, and Kabo got no more than he
justly deserved. Or—I should have said
that I attempted to make the interchange;
for there was so much scar tissue in Ne-
bond’s brain and he was so weakened
from his previous recent operation that I
do not believe he can recover. That is
—Kabo will die. Kabo in Nebond’s
physical body will die, but with proper
care Kabo’s body and Nebond’s men-
tality will survive.”

  "My God, Pilluth! Why did you do
that? Is there no way in which your
work may be undone before it is too
late?”

  "There are none who can perform that
operation excepting Kabo and myself;
I am dying and Kabo is probably likewise
dying. Even should he recover there
will be no one left to restore him unless
he might train someone else .and teach
another his technic, even as he taught it
to me.

  ”1 realized that the escapade would
probably be fatal to me, but I felt it my
duty to punish Kabo as he deserved to be
punished, since you were in all prob-
ability bound to secrecy by such promises
as you must have made in order to obtain
the release of Delam Oblene and die
Earthling. I also felt it my duty to make
sure that the visiting Earthlings should

never return to their own planet. I have
punished Kabo and I have destroyed the
Earth-craft; now if death comes I shall
be ready, I can face my next incarnation
without remorse, without regrets.”

  "You destroyed the Earth-craft! Pil-
luth, you are mad! Why did you do
that?”

  "I felt that I must thus safeguard
Masovada against the reign of terror that
might ensue if the strife-loving Earth-
lings were to build hundreds of similar
craft and invade the planet with their
greed and avarice and their implements
of war. Theirs is a competitive system,
and to have them among us would de-
stroy our own cooperative methods; for
the two are incompatible and the one
must be evolved. I considered the Earth-
craft a menace to the peace and safety
of Masovada. True, just now they can
not replenish their air supply, but it
would be only a short while until they
should bethink themselves of taking the
craft to Trandos, where the atmospheric
pressure is almost as great as on the
Earth. Kabo confessed to me while par-
tially under the influence of the Strotan
Ray that he had marooned both his vic-
tims on the satellite and had secretly
purloined the Earth-craft and made two
successful voyages to Trandos; once to
convey them there and once to fetch them
bade for their restoration. There the air
supply could be replenished and they
could not long resist the longing to re-
turn to Earth and impart the truths of
our superior advancement, which the
Earthlings are not yet ready to receive—
not by thousands of years. I doubt if
the craft may be reproduced on Maso-
vada, because here we have none of the
helium gas with which they fill certain
of their so-called 'vacuum tubes’; not at
any rate for many, many years.”

  Pilluth’s voice became very weak. His

lips were becoming quite blue, due to dr-
  r	n	W.T.—6
EARTHWORMS OF KARMA

385

culatory failure, and even Himnun, in-
experienced as he was in the branch of
science pertaining to disease, knew that
the man was dying. He called a nurse
to the bedside and hurried out to render
what assistance might be given to the
hapless Kabo and to break the news of
the destruction of the Arrogant to the
Earthlings.

  This news, however, they received
with far more fortitude than Himnun
had expected. All had learned to love
the marvelous advantages of the Martian
life and their desire to return to the strife
and contention of Earth had ebbed quite
low, save for the desire to tell the inhab-
itants of the Earth about the unique won-
ders of the Martian civilization in order
that they might hasten their own evolu-
tionary progress; and now that their last
chance to do this was gone they could live
happily on Mars with no qualms of con-
science regarding Earthly progress.

  When Himnun saw the glances that
were exchanged between Ruth and Joseph
Kiser he was glad that he had not pushed
his suit for the hand of the Earth-girl
more vigorously, but more than this was
his heart gladdened by the smile be-
stowed upon him by Delam Oblene, who
was now restored to her rightful body
and her wondrous beauty. And so it
was left for Professor Hervy and Mer-
lene to restore the needed physical
prowess to the Martians if it were to be
restored in this generation.

20. In Conclusion

The foregoing is an accurate and
fairly detailed account of the adven-
tures of my old friend and schoolmate,
Joseph Kiser, as it came to me at various
times over my huge "Radograph,” a new
modification of the Morse instrument of
my own invention, the only existing du-
plicate of which Kiser took with him
W.T.—7

upon his memorable expedition some
three years ago.

  At times I have doubted its authen-
ticity, for it all seems so stupendous and
unreal, and the chances for fraudulent
communication must be conceded; but
when I stop to consider the character of
Joseph Kiser, a man whose veracity has
always been quite beyond any shadow of
reproach, a man whose word has always
been as good as a government bond, and
who has never had any patience with
fraud or fraudulent dealings of all kinds,
I know that he would nbt intentionally
deceive me. I know, too, that it is he
sending, he has proved himself many
times by relating, with our specially ar-
ranged code, incidents known only to
him and myself.

  How well do I recall our last meeting
on the eve of their momentous departure
from Earth, an event which thrilled the
whole world with the base absurdity of
the thing!

  I, too, had denounced him as a fool
for engaging upon such a venture, and
berated him soundly for allowing his
sweetheart to join in so hazardous a jour-
ney; but at the last moment I clasped his
hand and tearfully bade him farewell,
for to me then it seemed a certainty that
he was going forth to his death.

  "Keep faith with me, Lon,” he said in
parting; "be sure and do not allow your-
self to grow rusty on our code, and keep
on trying for at least five years. Wher-
ever we land, if we do land, I’ll manage
somehow to provide for power enough
to reach you. Just keep listening, Lon;
promise me you’ll keep on listening.”

And I promised, although it grieves
me now to recall how near I came to
breaking that promise, for I had not the
least hope then of ever having the oppor-
tunity of answering his signals. In faa,
I never approached my instrument with
386

WEIRD TALES

the thought of Kiser in mind that I did
not feel quite silly because of the subcon-
scious hope that he might be calling me.

  It was more than two years after the
departure of the Arrogant when I caught
the first signal from Joseph Kiser. At
first it did not register upon my con-
sciousness, and was only an unintelligible
series of ticks; some amateur perhaps, for
my Radograph will receive from any
Morse instrument. I listened intently,
trying to interpret the message. Then
suddenly I was alert; it was Kiser’s call
in our code.

  I seized the key and sent him my an-
swer. He spent several whole minutes
sending nothing but emphatic ejacula-
tions of joy. He had established com-
munication with the Earth, and his joy
seemed unbounded. Then he spent sev-
eral hours unfolding to me the foregoing
story. The reception was very poor at
times and he had even greater difficulty
in receiving from me; consequently there
are many things which he tried to tell me
which I have been* forced to omit from
this narrative because I could not get it
clearly enough to comprehend, and

  strange to say, since that day I have never
been able to communicate with him at all.
Although I have tried diligently night
and day for many weeks and months, the
line of communication between Earth
and the planet Mars appears to have been
permanently broken.

  What has happened in this connection
I do not have the faintest idea. Perhaps
my friend has been killed; perhaps the
Martian authorities did not want to have
the Earthmen know of the success of the
Arrogant’s flight lest others attempt it
and likewise succeed; perhaps the batter-
ies with which Kiser operated the Rado-
graph have worn out and they are unable
to replace them upon Mars. Or yet per-
haps I may hear more from him later,
who knows?

  I	know that there are many things
which Joseph Kiser would like to tell me
and which he will yet tell me if the op-
portunity offers, and so I am hoping, lis-
tening, signaling, praying for more news
from Mars, more of the culture and
knowledge that we may the sooner evolve
to a higher state of being than that of
Earthworms of Karma.

[THE END]
A "Tale of a Fire Rlemental

THE FLAME FIEND

           By N. J. O’NEAIL

r~| IHANKS, Archer, I’ll be glad to
join you, but with just one stipula-
tion—and it must seem an insane
one; that you don’t light a fire in that
huge fireplace of yours.

  No, I’m not joking. Call it an absurd
whim, if you choose; though God knows
it’s not that, either; I was never more seri-
ous in my life. I know it’s a cool evening,
with a wind blowing, that bites like sin
itself; but I'd rather face a lifetime in the
eternal ice at the pole, than — well, no
matter about that.

  It isn’t that I’ve any Eskimo complex;
I crave warmth, and shrink from cold,
more than the average man. But—well,
as I said, there’s no use trying to explain
it. I could, of course, but you wouldn’t
believe me; you’d be a fool if you did.

  Set it down to pyrophobia, if you like.
An obsession? Well, yes, perhaps. But
you needn’t look at me like that; there’s
nothing psychopathic about it. My mind’s
as sound as it ever was, and as normal;
and that’s a wonder, perhaps, after—oh,
damn it, Archer, on second thought I’d
better not go; I’d only have you studying
me all evening as if I were an object les-
son in idiosyncrasies. Just forget that I
ever mentioned any such thing.

  No, it’s no use trying to explain; I
never have, yet. I’d sooner be classed as
just plain eccentric than as a combination
of liar, lunatic and hophead. No, you
might not, old man, but I couldn’t ask
even you to believe—well, damn it, why
not, after all? Now that you’ve got my
thoughts running through that channel of

hell again, it might ease my mind—as I
said, you won’t believe me; but at least
you won’t laugh at me.

   Besides, it should be of particular inter-
est to you, since it has a bearing on poor
old Sharpies and his fate. You remem-
ber him, of course, with his deep-sunken,
brooding eyes, gleaming above his big
beak of a- nose, and his graying, reddish
hair, straggling awry from under that rum
old skull-cap? Why, of course; we were
in his class in applied psychology togeth-
er. Can’t you still see him there on the
platform, dinning into our adolescent ears
the supremacy of mind over matter?

  He dabbled, of course, in all kinds of
occult research; "dabbled” isn’t the word,
either, for it was the absorbing passion of
his life. I don’t suppose there have been
a dozen men in the last century who had
delved so deeply into black letter lore. It
was rumors about some of his experi-
ments, you remember, that finally led to
his being cropped from the faculty.

  He confided to me, once, that one of
his favorite theories was that of material-
ization. I don't mean any spiritualist
seance hokum, with ectoplasm and table-
tapping and spirit messages; but the pow-
er of the human mind, by thought-ooncen-
tration, to summon up in tangible, physi-
cal form objects from other worlds, wher-
ever and whatever those other worlds may
be.

  None of us, of course, took much stock
in his hobbies at that time; I wish to God
I had, for that might have saved me—
but I’m rather running ahead of myself.

                                        387
388

WEIRD TALES

  After the old chap left the university,
you remember, he buried himself in an
old hunting-lodge up in the Rockies, and
there kept on with his researches. He
wrote me, once, about two years ago; a let-
ter as curt and enigmatic as most of his
lectures, but hinting that he was on the
verge of triumph in some weird experi-
ment, and inviting me to visit him when-
ever I could find the time.

  It was just a couple of weeks later that
we read of the poor old beggar’s uncanny
death; you, of course, were abroad at the
time, and may not have heard many of the
details. A couple of hunters found his
body stretched on die floor of his cabin,
his head and throat incredibly mangled.
It might have been the work of a puma or
some other giant cat, so far as appearances
went; but it couldn’t have been, for the
door and every window of the lodge were
locked.

  In fact, there was no end of mystery
and to-do about it, for weeks. The thing
was so inexplicable that the hunters who
had found him were under suspicion, for
a time; but their records were clean, and
there was no possible motive for murder,
so they were released, and the case lapsed
into the long list of unsolved enigmas.

  Three months or so later, a business trip
took me to the coast, and set me thinking
once more of Sharpies. I had always had
a deep admiration for the old chap, and I
believe that in his gruff way he was fond
of me, too. It hurt me to think that I had-
n’t had a chance of accepting his invita-
tion to visit him; and then the fancy
’seized me to pay a sort of posthumous
call; at any rate, to visit the spot where he
had met his end.

  It lay on a God-forsaken slope in the
Rockies, twenty miles from the nearest
settlement; and I spent the better part of a
day scrambling up the rocky incline and
cutting my way through festering under-

growth that twined, snake-like, round my
legs.

IT was just growing dusk when I finally
reached the lodge, a solitary log struc-
ture, bathed in a blood-red glow from the
setting sun, as I approached it. A single,
dying pine tree stood like a mournful sen-
tinel beside the building; for the rest, the
landscape was a boulder-strewn waste,
with an occasional clump of bushes in the
distance.

  The place would have been gloomy
enough, even at midday; and I give you
my word that in the gathering shadows I
felt a distinct physical chill as I opened
the door of the lodge.

  The building consisted of three rooms;
a large rectangular living-room, with a
tiny bedroom and a kitchen opening off it,
on the left. A huge stone fireplace, fully
twelve feet wide, and towering to the ceil-
ing, was built into the right-hand wall.

  The furniture, of the simplest, had been
left apparently just as it was during
Sharpies’ lifetime. There was a large,
plain wooden table, piled high with dog-
eared volumes, almost any one of which
would have been evidence enough to send
the old man to the stake, a few centuries
ago; an armchair, a few other chairs, and a
battered trunk; and every item in the col-
lection semed to be enveloped in an al-
most tangible aura of sinister isolation.

  The other rooms were furnished in just
as Spartan style. A tousled cot, a single
chair and a shelf piled high with more
books were all that were to be seen in the
bedroom; in the kitchen, a few granite
dishes, cooking-utensils and a small shelf,
piled with canned foods.

  By now, night had fallen in earnest, and
I found the cabin growing momentarily
chillier, both physically and mentally. And
it didn’t make matters any the more cheer-
ful when, playing my electric torch over
THE FLAME FIEND

389

the floor, I perceived several dark blotches
in front of the fireplace; reminders of the
unexplained tragedy those walls had wit-
nessed.

  I had brought food with me, prepared
for an overnight stay in the cabin, but at
that moment the prospect was far from
appealing to me. However, I wasn’t anx-
ious to tackle that twenty-mile trek back
to the village, by dark; and then, a sudden
savage patter of rain on the roof helped
me make up my mind. The cabin would
be my shelter, until dawn, at least.

  I found a pile of pine knots beside the
cabin, and with an armful of these soon
had a fire blazing, which helped to dispel
the gloom. As I munched my solitary
meal, the rain kept up its tattoo on the
roof, and several vicious lightning flashes
tore a passage through the air, just outside
the window; but I preferred even the
storm’s accompaniment to the tomb-like
stillness that had preceded it.

  After supper, with the aid of a kero-
sene lamp that I discovered in the kitchen,
I started on a more thorough inspection of
the place, and my heart was touched at the
evidences of the hermit-like life poor old
Sharpies must have led; to say nothing of
the unexplained gruesomeness of his
death.

  I could hardly hope to find anything
that would shed any light on that, of
course, since the cabin had been thorough-
ly searched at the time; so I turned to an
examination of the old man’s books.

  I doubt if anywhere else on this conti-
nent you could have found such a library
of occult lore, of sorcery and necromancy
from the days of earliest Egypt down to
Twentieth Century psychic research. As
the tempest’s fury swelled, outside, I
turned the pages of one cabalistic volume
after another. They weren’t the sort of
thing to be fathomed at a glance; but the
little that I gathered from them opened

up vistas of things unseen and unthink-
able, that appalled me.

  I tell you, Archer, there are not only
more things in heaven and earth than are
dreamed of in your philosophy, but there
are far more in hell, too; for in those
printed pages I saw things hinted at, that
could only emanate from the deepest hell
of hells. And as for what followed-

  Finally, between the pages of one in-
credible tome, a translation from the an-
cient Egyptian, I fell upon something of
a far deeper personal interest—a pad of
scribbling-paper, covered with a familiar
scrawl—the handwriting of old Sharpies
himself, as cryptic a hieroglyph as any
ever inscribed on the oldest pyramids.

  It appeared to be a diary, in which he
had recorded his progress with experi-
ments of some sort, but so laconically
that I could gather little from them. The
last entry was dated—as nearly as I could
recall—four or five days before the find-
ing of his body.

  "Threshold of triumph at last,” it read.
"Tonight — final proof . . . danger if
control falters . . . formula of Sothmi
should suffice.”

  Then I glanced at the book in which I
had found the notes. From the page at
which it was open, I read:

  Notable among such elementals is the sala-
mander, the spirit of fire. This being, Sothmi
describes as having the aspect of a giant lizard,
with protruding fangs and claws . . .

  At that moment the light of the kero-
sene lamp flickered and vanished, leaving
the room illuminated only by the dancing
rays of the fire. I saw that the lamp was
empty; so I heaped another armful of pine
knots on the blaze, and drew the armchair
up closer to it.

I had brought the book with me, but as
a particularly vivid flash of lightning
stabbed the darkness outside, and a clap
390

WEIRD TALES

of thunder snarled in its wake, I hesitated
to read on. My mind and feet seemed to
be treading a dangerous labyrinth, whose
tortuous windings might lead at least to
madness, if not to some abyss of hell.

  As the fire crackled, and the flames
leaped hungrily ever higher toward the
ceiling, I gazed into their glowing depths.
Strange, I thought, that my mind should
so focus on the fire when a moment before
I had been reading of the mythical spirit
of fire. But after all, was it so strange?

  That uncanny snatch of description was
running through my mind—"the aspect
of a giant lizard, with protruding fangs
and claws”—and I tried, blind fool that I
was, to conjure up a mental image of such
a being.

   Of course, I told myself, it was prepos-
terous to sit in the Twentieth Century of
Christian civilization and dream of a crea-
ture of five-thousand-year-old fable. And
yet, those words obtruded still on every
cell of my brain—"the aspect of a giant
lizard, with protruding fangs and claws.”

   By now, I was staring into the fire with
the fixed fascination of a crystal-gazer.
There’s a hypnotic force about a blazing
flame, Archer; small wonder, I reflected,
that primitive races had either deified it,
or at least imbued it with a personal spirit
—the salamander*.

  As I gazed into the fire, an illusion
gradually grew upon me that my brain
was whirling round and round in a circle,
at the center of which crouched the figure
the book had described—"a giant lizard,
with protruding fangs and claws.” . . .

   I grant you, Archer, that that was pure
illusion; auto-hypnosis, if you will. But
what followed wasn’t.

  For suddenly, above the roar of the
storm outside, and the crackling of the fire
—which had now grown so hot that I
had moved my chair back from it — I
heard a sound which turned me cold with

dread, as no sound has ever done before
or since.

   It was a peculiar, sibilant hiss, which
came to my ears as clearly as though all
else had been dead silence. It wasn’t un-
like the hiss of an angry cobra, if you’ve
ever heard that none-too-pleasant sound;
but it possessed, too, some incredible, un-
earthly quality which set my head reeling
with involuntary nausea.

  And above all, it appeared to come
from the very center of the fire.

  For a moment I looked backward to-
ward the door, and pondered the possi-
bility of breaking away and spending the
night even in the open, in that downpour
of rain, if necessary. But then I got a
tighter grip on my nerves; and, trying to
convince myself against my own knowl-
edge, that it was all imagination, I turned
to face the fire once more.

  As I did so, that diabolical hiss came
once more, followed by a peculiar, stertor-
ous grunting; and then, in the very heart
of the flame, I beheld something gradual-
ly assuming visible form.

   First it appeared to be a mist, or vapor;
and then, out of the mist, two dreadful
green spots glowed, like searchlights play-
ing from the very bowels of hell. And
then the mist seemed to settle into a solid
outline—such an outline that I screamed
aloud in horror of soul, and sprang from
my chair, and would have burst out into
the night, but in a twinkling the ungodly
thing had leaped straight from the heart
of the flame and gripped me by the throat.

   Archer, this is the living truth, I swear
it, as I am a living man this moment. I
haven’t words — human tongue hasn’p
power—to describe adequately that foul
spawn of Satan that had materialized
from thin air before my very eyes.

  The description I had just read—”a
giant lizard, with protruding fangs and
claws”—fitted it, as far as it went, but it
THE FLAME FIEND

391

didn’t begin to picture the soul-sickening
repulsiveness of the object.

   It wasn’t unlike a Gila monster in gen-
eral appearance, if you can conceive of a
Gila monster five feet in length, with a
slimy black body and ghastly horned head,
eyes that glowed alternately red and
green, fang-like teeth projecting from a
satanically slavering mouth, and forelegs
with claws like those of an eagle.

  And this unutterable horror was the
Thing that had torn the life from poor
old Sharpies’ body. I realized that, in the
same twinkling of an eye that it had cata-
pulted itself upon me.

   I was so unnerved in soul and body that
a breath of wind could almost have
floored me, and I collapsed like a rag be-
neath the spring of the monster. Then, as
I found myself flat on die floor, with its
ruthless talons sinking into my throat, and
its foul face pressed close to mine, its
breath searing me like a blast from hell,
despair gave me new strength.

  I don’t know whether old Sharpies was
there in spirit, aiding me in my battle
against that atrocity from the shades, or
not, but I dug both hands into the crea-
ture’s throat, and twined its legs about its
flopping body, with the grip of a boa con-
strictor.

  Even in that hectic accumulation of
horror upon horror, I experienced a fresh
twinge of nausea to find that although the
Thing had emerged from the heart of the
flame, its body was as icy cold as though
fresh from a tomb.

  Old Dante himself, Archer, could
scarcely have painted in one-tenth of its
ghastliness a word-picture of the struggle
there in that lonely cabin, with thunder,
lightning and rain outside lending a fit-
ting accompaniment.

   It seemed like hours—-in reality it can’t
have been five minutes, for no human be-
ing could have lived so long in such un-
equal combat—that I tossed and grappled

with that awful Thing. I felt, in my heart
of hearts, that the struggle was vain; that
I couldn’t hope to kill, or even to over-
come, this Thing which wasn’t of earth.
But still, with the frenzy of despair, I
tore at its neck and kicked at its pulpy
body, as those savage talons bit into my
shoulders and that unspeakable mouth,
with its protruding fangs, hovered close
above mine.

  And then the bestial jaws opened wid-
er, and I knew the end was at hand, and
I prayed to God as I’ve never prayed be-
fore, that it might come with merciful
quickness.

  And it did. There was a sudden, blind-
ing flash, and then a crumbling, rattling,
roaring sound as though the universe it-
self were falling in ruins; something
crashed on my head, and then—oblivion.

You probably don’t believe in mir-
acles, Archer, but I do, ever since that
night. I’m firmly convinced that it is due
to divine intervention that I’m alive today.

  When the mists lifted from my brain,
I lay in a pile of stone wreckage on the
floor of the cabin, racked with agony in
every limb. My first conscious thought
was of that fiend from the shades; then,
as I raised my head slowly, to look for it,
I realized that it had vanished, and that
the blessed light of day was streaming in
the windows.

  No, no, Archer, it wasn’t a dream.
Here—just a minute until I loosen my
collar; you’ll notice that I wear it particu-
larly high. Do you see those scars on my
throat? No dream could have put them
there. If those unholy claws had gone a
quarter of an inch farther, they’d have
tom my jugular vein open.

  Well, explanations are always an anti-
climax, so I’ll cut mine as short as pos-
sible, combining what I observed there
and what I learned later, from a closer
study of Sharpies’ books.
392

WEIRD TALES

  The thing that had killed Sharpies, and
come within an ace of doing the same to
me, Archer—you won’t believe it, I know

—	was, literally, a salamander, one of
chose elemental beings which form a con-
necting link between this world and some
world beyond.

  An elemental, of course, is a disem-
bodied thing, only capable of action if it
can get control of a physical body as an
instrument. And old Sharpies had created
such an instrument for this creature.

  Those diabolical old volumes of his
contained, among many secrets, the ritual
to be followed in the summoning of an
elemental in material form. The theory
was that by sheer concentration of will-
power, an adept, or sorcerer—call him
what you will—could create a material
body or shell for such a spirit.

  In the case of the salamander, there
were two essentials: first, the concentra-
tion of the mind, and secondly, a strong,
hot fire—the native element of the crea-
ture. And old Sharpies had succeeded, as
he had dreamed of doing, in actually in-
carnating the monster which had cost him
his life.

  The materialization was a limited one,
is all such materializations are, thank
God; limited as to place and time. The
;alamander was fettered, you might say,
to that spot; it could move only a few
feet from the flames in which it had
sprung into being, and it dematerialized
once more, the moment the flames died.

  But once summoned into actual exist-
ence, probably for the first time in a score
of centuries, the Thing was still chained,
anseen, at that spot; and hence, far less
concentration of thought was necessary

o	summon it a second time. The fire,
md the involuntary focusing of my mind
on what I had read, were sufficient.

  Then came the miracle that saved me,

at the moment when it seemed that scarce-
ly even a miracle could intervene.

  In that instant when that hell-born
creature’s fangs were at the point of meet-
ing in my throat, a lightning bolt had
struck the stone chimney of the cabin,
and had sent it crashing inward, shatter-
ing the fireplace and instantly extinguish-
ing the flames—with the consequence
that the salamander’s material body had
evaporated into the air from which it had
emanated.

  That’s my story, Archer, and—well,
just a point or two more, perhaps.

  As I say, I realized later that that
damnable Tiling was still lurking invisi-
ble within the cabin, thirsting with all its
unholy force for another opportunity of
taking physical form.

  There wasn’t much likelihood of that,
perhaps, since the fireplace was irretriev-
ably shattered, and even if any wayfarer
in that desolate region had chanced to
build a fire there, there’d be practically no
chance of his turning his thoughts in a
dangerous direction.

  But, I was resolved to take no chances
on its ever being loosed on human eyes
again; so I did probably a high-handed
and unlawful thing. A week later I
climbed that tortuous mountain slope
again, and laid a charge of dynamite be-
neath the cabin, which leveled it in a tan-
gle of wreckage, to the ground.

  Sharpies’ books I removed first, poured
kerosene over them, and set them alight
—with a long fuse, incidentally, for I
preferred to be a couple of miles from
the spot when those sinister pages flared
into flame.

  There’s nothing more to add, except
that from that day to this I’ve never dared
to face flame, for fear my mind, in sheer
defiance of my sanity, may focus there
once more, and summon up some other
lurking messenger from hell.
•’ "A mask—a black mask! She
dropped it on the bed.”

HALLOWE’EN at the Hotel Al-
cazar. Jazz, rainbow balloons,
masks, carnival!

  And in a room on the fourth floor a
girl, returned from a rendezvous with the
dead.

   She pressed cold fingers against her ears,
till her head filled with a hollow roaring.
She could not do that for long. Let them
play! Dance music for the gay, the young!

  Dropping her hands, she resumed her
pacing of the room, only to halt yet again
before a photograph on the dressing-table.

  "Peter!”

  She stood looking into the large eyes, at

the mouth which six weeks ago . . .

  That music! Every note was drawn
from her taut nerves.

  Hallowe’en! The eve of All Hallows’
Day, of the day of the blessed dead. He
had given his life for another. For a little
child whom he did not know. Inasmuch as
ye do it unto the least of one of these little
children. ... Yes, of a certainty he was
among the "blessed dead.”

  She had come eagerly, as to a tryst. The
hope of this journey had been anodyne.
For it she had schemed and deceived, had
written to a friend; not a friend attuned to
her despair, a very gay friend, but a friend

                                       393
394

WEIRD TALES

now prized because living in New York.
And the reply had been both gay and
friendly.

  "By all means, come. New York will
do you good. Moping never helped any-
body, alive or dead.”

  Her parents had consented, surprized,
relieved.

  But between the date which she had
given her family and that which she had
given her light-hearted friend there was a
discrepancy. She had cheated from the
pattern two days for herself in New York
—days of rendezvous.

  For she had not been able to accept
death submissively. The family clergy-
man had come, wise and kind. She had
thanked him. No tears. No unburdening.

  She had found that she had no faith.
She had found that faith would not do.
She must know.

  She had haunted public libraries, had
bought many books. She read all she could
find for and against a future life. Oh, yes,
both sides. Ray Lankester, Clodd, other
agnostics. The stiffer-brained psychic re-
searchers. The vast literature of slop about
survival she discarded as an insult. Cold
academic things like Balfour’s Ear of
Dionysius brought comfort. It seemed that
she could hope, and yet be rational.

  Then she had .taken her resolve. She
would communicate with Peter. It had be-
come an obsession. To hear from him that
he lived, that he forgave.

  In New York she would ask the Insti-
tute of Psychic Science for a medium
known to them as honest. She would be
rational, she would not fool herself. She
would ask Peter to give her something
evidential. Then, proof of Peter’s identity
having been given, she would beg him to
forgive, would tell him how desperately
she now loved him.

Five weeks today. She had just finished
that difficult letter to Peter. If she

posted it at once, he would have it before
he left New York to come to her for the
week-end. As she put on her hat and coat,
she had been called to the telephone.

  A telegram that Peter was dead. Killed
in a street accident, saving a strange child
from an oncoming motorbus.

  Telling no one of the message, she had
returned to her room, had locked the door,
and had burned her letter to Peter.

  Then she had sat down, and had stared
at the opposite wall. Her brain had be-
come a gramophone record. It rasped out
words of the telephone message, scraps of
the letter just destroyed.

  . . ..regret to inform you that Peter
Edgington—dear Peter for some time I
have been fighting—killed in a street acci-
dent—fighting the realization that you and
I—saving a child . . .

  It became incredible that an hour ago
she had decided Peter too uninteresting to
spend her life with; had decided that even
as a lover he had a little too much manner,
was a little theatrical!

  She remembered only their swift ro-
mance, his impulsive ardor. And having
tired of him living, she had fallen the
more desperately in love with him dead.

  Of the burned letter, the disloyalty, she
told no one. Remorse edged her grief.
She—false to her word, false to the beauty,
radiant if nebulous, of their dramatic
courtship—she had presumed to think him
dull! His letters might not have been—
well, brilliant—but he had been loyal, he
had been fine, in death he had been heroic.

  Her mind knew only the beauty of their
love, the tragedy of his death, and a pas-
sionate remorse.

Arrived that morning in New York,

-	she had gone at once to the Institute
of Psychic Science.

  Yes, they could recommend a medium,
absolutely trustworthy, and with a record
of excellent results.
GESTURE

395

   Could she have a sitting today? If suc-
cessful, another tomorrow? She was only
in New York for a brief time.

  The secretary, a brisk, intelligent
woman, had offered to telephone Mrs.
Parmenter. She did so.

  Yes, that afternoon at five o’clock.
What name?

  And her name had sounded in her own
ears like that of a stranger. For these two
days were to be quite outside the pattern of
her life, beyond the strange human labels
people bore.

   Besides, what did it matter? The secre-
tary was used to such requests. No one
else was in the room, excepting a man who
had entered and who was engrossed in
some pamphlets spread out on a table.

  The secretary then wrote Mrs. Par-
menter’s address on a slip of paper.

   "Would it be all right if I were to take
notes? I might want to consult them
later.”

   “By all means. Mrs. Parmenter prefers
her clients to take notes.”

   As she put the slip of paper in her hand-
bag and turned to go, she saw the secretary
smile familiarly to the next "customer.”

   "So glad the sittings are being success-
ful. I have that list of books ready for
you, and I am arranging for a third me-
dium for you to try.”

   It was all as crisp and business-like as
the selling of groceries.

And the seance had been—a ghastly
i. failure!

  Mrs. Parmenter, a plump woman in a
negligee, had greeted her with kind im-
personality, and had told her to sit quietly.

  Mrs. Parmenter had closed her eyes,
and after a few minutes had begun to
breathe in an odd, heavy manner, then to
mumble. At last words had come:

  "Confusion—oh, so much confusion!
Conditions are bad—very bad. Several
people want to speak to you. An old

gentleman—has a gray mustache—says
he is your grandfather — very sorry for
you.”

   It was all in the notes. All futile and
pointless. A grandfather was a safe guess.
Mrs. Parmenter was doubtless honest. But
Mrs. Parmenter’s subconscious no sane
person could trust.

   There had followed generalities appli-
cable to any grandfather. True, they did
apply to her own grandfather, but not
necessarily exclusively to him.

   "You are in trouble—oh, yes, in deep
trouble!”

   So were most clients of mediums.

  Then that saccharine message: "Your
grandfather says that you are not to be so
unhappy, that happiness is close to you.”

   Kind, that. Of Mrs. Parmenter’s sub-
conscious.

   Next had come a jumble of incoheren-
cies, irrelevant things that were disturb-
ingly reminiscent of ignominious fortune-
telling. And yet—a strange, eery feeling
was creeping over her, a feeling as if some
third presence were in the room.

  "A dark man”—Peter had had bright
red hair!—"I get something about dancing
—dance music—and a mask!”

   She tried to be scientific. She knew that
genuine messages had to filter through the
subconscious mind of the medium, that
they were often interlarded between hap-
hazard tags of the conscious mind. Mrs.
Parmenter was getting muddled up with
Hallowe’en festivities.

   Suddenly Mrs. Parmenter stiffened. "1
can’t get through—confusion. But 1 get
help for you. I see a black mask”— (most
masks were black)—''and, yes, a dark
man.” (Oh, those dark men of the palm-
ists!)

   And despite her skepticism, a shudder
as if a chill from another world passed
over her at the words—a black mask.

   "I’m sorry, Mrs. Parmenter, I know you
are trying.” The sitter must show a sympa-
396

WEIRD TALES

thetic attitude. ''Won’t you, please, try a
little longer?”

  She realized that the seance Was about
to close—a failure. She threw overboard
hopes of evidential proofs.

  "Mrs. Parmenter, I want very much,
very much, to communicate with a red-
haired man who died recently.”

  And this she said, not for her own sake,
but on the remote chance of it reaching
Peter. No comfort for her in helping out
Mrs. Parmenter. But if Mrs. Parmenter
had power, if this were merely one of
those inexplicable bad sittings which even
great mediums at times had, it might reach
Peter.

  "Only this, Mrs. Parmenter, ask him to
forgive me.”

  Oh, it had been too distressing. Poor
Mrs. Parmenter’s subconscious, or control,
or whatever it was that was bungling so
ludicrously, caught at that word "for-
give.”

  "Yes—yes—he is here—he is HERE—
oh, very distressed—forgive—forgive—
he's saying that, dear—begs you to forgive
him—to forgive him—why, that’s what
you said yourself—says forgive and forget
him” . . .

  She had risen. "Thank you, Mrs. Par-
menter. That—will do.”

She stood looking at his photograph.
She was very tired. For weeks she had
eaten hardly anything. For weeks she had
slept badly. For weeks her awakenings
had been recurring shocks; that nightmare
return of consciousness, return of memory.

  She turned again to the notes of the se-
ance. They were already flabby from much
handling. Was there something she had
missed? Some chink through which a
glimmer had shone for her?

  As she turned the pages, a knock sound-
ed on her door. She started. Then she
opened. The music came more loudly to
her:

  "Oh, where have you been all my life?”

  A bellboy handed her a small packet. It
was addressed to her. But ho one knew she
was here!

  The boy gone, she tore off the wrap-
pings.

  A black velvet mask! Nothing more.

  Some mistake. But her name on the
paper! She examined it as if it were a
cipher. She could find nothing unusual,
unless a small flaw in the edge that would
rest on the left cheek were of importance.
A small flaw, as if someone had snipped
out a V.

  She dropped it on the bed.

  Again she heard Mrs. Parmenter’s en-
tranced voice—a mask—a black mask!

  But she had read of nothing like this.
True, the other world was reported often
to signal through normal channels. But a
bellboy, a scrap of velvet—it was too mun-
dane for her to accept.

  But from where then did it come?

  Oh, was it all a monstrous delusion?
Were the results of even the sanest investi-
gators the mere amassing of data on some
as yet not-understood vagaries of the sub-
conscious mind?

  She looked at the black mask. Was this
her sign? And if so, what its significance?

  Still dance music drifted up to her
room:

  "Oh, where have you been all my life?”

   It must be that she was to join the revel-
lers, there to receive some message, meet
some envoy.

  Opening her trunk, she feverishly
pulled out an evening gown. As she flung
off the negligee she had been wearing,
part of her brain smiled derisively. People
had warned her that dabbling in "Spirit-
ualism” ended in lunacy.

  At this moment she might be insane.
That mask, black on the white bed, might
be a figment of her disordered brain. She
had read those notes too often. No bell-
GESTURE

397

boy, perhaps, had called at her door. Well,
of course, if she were to reason that way,
anything might J>e nothing.- She might not
even be in New York.

   She picked up the mask.

   Was she going to meet Peter, or a mes-
sage from him? She rouged her lips. Was
this the fantasy of hysteria, was there no
future, was Peter dead? By all means then
let her gaud herself to meet such a mock-
ery.

From the elevator she alighted on the
mezzanine floor. She would wait. It
was less crowded here than on the ground
floor. Her mask made her indifferent to
stray glances.

   And to her they were a drifting picture
—these hackneyed carnival marionettes.

   A black-and-white Pierrot was looking
at her. He was alone. He approached. He
was at her side. He bent to her.

  "Thank you for coming.” His voice
was deferential.

   She looked up into a black velvet mask.
His gaze seemed on the missing V in her
own mask.

  “From whom do you come?” she said
slowly.

   “From no one. None the less, I have a
message. But—not yet. It is a question of
—forgiveness.”

   She could not answer.

  "Messages do come through human
channels. You know that?”

   "Yes. I know that. I have tried.”

   "I can not speak clearly while you are so
tired—so weak.”

   Her notes beat through her mind. Dance
music—a black mask—a dark man. The
skull-cap of Pierrot hid his hair, the mask
his face.

   "Will you take off your cap?”

  “My cap?” surprizedly. Without dis-
lodging his mask, he carefully removed
the cap.

   Dark hair.

  "Thank you. Why must I not see your
face?” she asked in the accentless tones she
had used through their interview.

  '’You do not want the message from a
concrete personality. Let me remain a
mask. Unless,” he hesitated, "knowing
all I bring you, you still wish otherwise.”
“I am tired. Say what you have to say,
and let me return to my room.”

  His voice was kind. “I don’t want you
to do that. You go back to unhappiness. I
am very sure he does not want you to do
that.”

  “How long am I to sit here—waiting?
I can not go on talking. It leads nowhere.”
He drew up a chair. For a moment
neither spoke. A moment? She could not
say. A moment, or ten minutes. She had
no way of telling.

  "May I tell you what I think he wants
you to do?”

  “Tell me.”

   "He wants you for a little while to for-
get everything. He wants you to come with
me and to have supper. He wants you to
forget everything.” His voice had a soft
even quality, as if he were trying to hypno-
tize her. "He wants you to dance. To
dance on Hallowe’en night, knowing that
the dead are not unhappy.”

  She was past astonishment. She made
no protest at his incongruous words. He
seemed speaking to her from a distance.
She looked wearily at him.

  "You are a man and young. Scores of
pretty girls are about you, some not too
severe. I will remain here. Return when
you feel you can give me what it is you
have for me.”

  "Won’t you let me give you this one
evening? I am very sorry for you.”

  Pity from a stranger! But she was too
weak for resentment.

   Suddenly he asked in practical tones, al-
most the tones of a physician. "Exactly
how much have you eaten today?”

  Eaten! She looked up. And then she
398

WEIRD TALES

knew it was all unreal. Those rose-velvet
chair-things, those rugs from somewhere
men called "China,” those carnival shad-
ows—they were but veils drifting across
her perception.

  Again his quiet, level tones. "Exactly
how much have you eaten today?”

  "Doctors” they called people who
talked that way.

  "So you are a doaor?”

  "Never mind that. Tell me.”

  Since such a trifle mattered to him, she
told him. He rose abruptly.

  "Come.”

  "I’m not hungry, not interested in
food.”

  She seemed quite outside her body, but
she heard a dull voice and knew it to be
the voice she used.

  And he was no longer envoy of the be-
yond. He was a very physical identity, by
his will leading her into the elevator . . .
down ... to a garish supper room.

   It took less effort to do what he bid her.
Those soothing, even repetitions of his.
Some chicken thing. Some tingling drink
which he helped to prepare. It burned
through her. It lit up her physical brain,
a bescrawled palimpsest—indelible phrases
—there shall no beat strike them, neither
shall the sun . . . Behold, I make all
things new . . . eat, drink, and be
merry. . . .

  She was again in her body; leaning over
an emptied plate, and emptied glass, gaz-
ing into dark eyes behind a black mask.
And on the table lay the mask which she
had been wearing.

  Her hand went to her face in quick dis-
may.

  He was talking to her. She reached out
to his voice. The words didn’t matter.

  "No w I can tell you my message. I know
your name. I know that you were pledged
to marry Peter Edgington.”

  Her hands clutched the edges of the
table.

  "I have something that Peter Edgington
wants me to tell you. He asks you to for-
give him.” His voice became concise, as
if he knew the scalpel must be used.
Clearly he was a doaor. "What I have to
tell will hurt. Peter died a hero, but in life
he was very human. He was to have gone
to you the week-end after his death to ask
your forgiveness and release. He had
fallen in love with another woman.”

  At last she spoke.

  "The dead are not here to defend them-
selves. I must have some proof.”

  He removed his mask. Honest eyes, an
honest face.

  "It was,” he reddened, "my own sister
whom Peter Edgington wanted to marry
when he died.”

  A weight was slipping from her. Life,
long entranced, stirred again.

  "You will not judge my sister. She
thought Peter was free, until—there
seemed to them no going back.”

  "I judge!!’ She told him of the unposted
letter, the remorse, the return of love.

  "He told my sister your name, but not
where you lived. After his death my sis-
ter confided in me. My sister, distraaed,
determined to communicate with Peter
Edgington’s spirit. I begged that at least
she avoid the harpies that cheat people
who long to be cheated. I went for her to
the Institute of Psychical Science. She
found comfort. She had a series of sittings.
Then she wished to try other mediums,
something about obtaining ‘cross-refer-
ences.’ She began to study psychical re-
search. It seemed to be calming her, so I
have gone often to the Institute to make
necessary arrangements for her. This
morning I was there, turning over some
pamphlets, when I heard your name, the
hour and address of your appointment
with Mrs. Parmenter. I saw you. I knew
THE INVISIBLE BOND

399

the truth would hurt, but also that it was
due to you.”

  "Poor Peter!”

  "I kept your appointment this after-
noon. I followed you back to this hotel,
so as to know where to reach you. You
went to your room. I noticed the prepara-
tions for tonight’s masquerade. Then—I
thought of sending you the mask.”

  "But you could not know I would wear
it. Coincidence alone brought that about.
The medium’s subconscious was muddled
up with Hallowe’en, and so she spoke of

a mask, a black mask-”

  A strange look crossed his face.

  "Of course, I don’t believe in this at
all—all this occult stuff. As a medical
man I know and use hypnotism. The
rest I mistrust. But—it’s most extraor-
dinary. I would never have thought of
sending you that mask. It isn’t sensible.

It’s theatrical. I’d have written, asking
the privilege of a brief interview. But
as I stood in the lobby this afternoon,
the idea dropped into my brain from
outside. I seemed to hear 'a black mask.’
It became an urge. I had the incredible
feeling that Peter Edgington wished me
to tell you that way.”

  He looked ashamed at talking so
frayedly, and hastened to add sanely, "Of
course I knew that tomorrow I could still
ask for my interview, if you did not come
tonight.”

  She gazed at him -with clear, steady
eyes.

  "Will you dance?” he asked shyly.

  She rose. And as she smiled, she
knew why it was that Peter would have
none of the "privilege of a brief inter-
view” idea. Also, dear Peter had always
loved a gesture!

The Invisible Bond

          (Continued from page 301)

came. Presently we caught the faint glint
of firelight through the trees.

  "Hurry!” cried Leslie in a voice I
scarcely recognized. "We are on the way
to Elna. Hurry!”

  Rightly or wrongly, he was convinced
that the drums were leading him to his
lost bride. He seemed to throw all cau-
tion to the winds as he crashed his way
through the tangled scrub, heedless of
everything except the red glimmer ahead.
Had I not forcibly restrained him, I ver-
ily believe he would have dashed for-
ward and attacked single-handed the
horde of savages that were seated round
the fire. I had to drag him under cover
by main force.

  "Are you mad?” I whispered, when I
had got him behind the shelter of a clump

of bushes. "They are fifty to one. You
will not help Elna by throwing away your
life.”

  The spot where we were crouching
was about twenty yards from the fire
which burnt brightly in the center of the
small clearing. By the light of the leap-
ing flames we were able to pick out the
huge form of the witch-doctor as he sat
a little apart from the rest, on a throne-
like seat of carved wood. By his side,
upon the ground, there crouched a
slighter figure muffled from head to foot
in a cloak of leopard skins. About ten
feet away was Leon, the missing steward,
lying bound hand and foot.

  Some sort of ritual was in progress.
Ever and again N’Zahgi would lift up
his voice and intone a string of words,
400

WEIRD TALES

and the rest would chant a response in
thunderous unison, keeping time to the
booming of the drums. Although neither
Leslie nor I understood the language, we
guessed from the growing excitement
that the climax of the ceremony was near
at hand.

  Nor were we mistaken. The weird lit-
any culminated in a sudden mighty shout;
then there followed a tense, expectant
silence, and every eye was turned toward
the muffled figure which crouched beside
the throne. For a space, during which
one might count a hundred slowly, the
seated savages remained as still and mo-
tionless as effigies of gleaming bronze.
Then the drums began to beat a faster
rhythm, and the crouching figure leapt
to its feet and cast aside the leopardskin
cloak, standing poised like some beautiful
ivory statue in the firelight’s glare.

  A convulsive gasp came from the boy
at my side.

  "Elna!” His voice was so loud that
but for the drums it would have led to
our discovery. "My God!—it’s Elna!”

  But it was Elna in a new and dreadful
guise. When I had seen her l^st she had
been dressed like an ordinary English
girl; now every vestige of civilization had
been cast aside. Had it not been for the
dazzling whiteness of her skin and the
glory of her hair, bright as sun-kissed
corn, she might have passed for one of
the women of the tribe.

  My first emotion was a sense of dull
incredulity. Q>uld this shameless jungle
amazon be Elna—the girl whom I had
watched over and reared, whom I had
taught to ride straight, shoot straight,
and live straight? Impossible!—the thing
was absurd! That painted and feather-
decked savage was not my little girl—
rather was it some foul, flaunting demon
who had gained possession of her white
and flawless body—some poisonous spirit
that had entered into her blood. . . .

  Her blood? The truth rushed upon me
like an overwhelming torrent as the
thought crossed my mind. It was not her
blood that now flowed in her veins—it
was the blood of the naked savage who
towered behind her with the light of tri-
umph gleaming in his eyes. N’Zahgi had
given his blood that she might live, and
now he was about to lay claim to his own!

  Suddenly Leslie caught my shoulder
and twisted me around so that I faced
him. Heavens! the boy was smiling. Had
he gone mad?

  "Don’t you understand?” he whispered
in a tone of immeasurable relief. "Elna
is acting a part. She is dancing to fix
their attention—to gain time. She knows
that help is at hand, and she’s just fool-
ing the niggers so that they will not harm
her until we can strike.” And he pushed
forward the safety-catch of his rifle and
looked along the sights.

  I made no reply, mercifully allowing
the poor lad to extract what comfort he
might from his idea. In my own mind I
was sure that Elna was not acting. She
was dancing and leaping like one pos-
sessed; in her hand she brandished a long,
straight-bladed knife. Her features were
working convulsively, her eyes blazing
with mad excitement. And as she danced
she drew nearer and ever nearer to the
helpless steward on the ground.

  A horrible fascination gripped me as
I watched the ghastly drama, so that I
seemed to lose all sense of my surround-
ings. All the while, floating through the
mist of horror and dreadful expectancy
that clouded my brain, came the memory
of Kemp’s words when he had hinted at
the unhallowed rites practised by the
"Red Drinkers.”

  At last the end came.

  With a laugh that was like the shrill
screech of a wild beast, the frenzied girl
leapt at the helpless prisoner and plunged
her knife into his throat. The horrified

W.T.—7
THE INVISIBLE BOND

401

cry that rose to my lips was stifled by
another, and even greater horror; for the
creature who bore the outward semblance
to Elna Fanshaw had thrown herself full
length on her writhing victim and was
greedily sucking the living blood as it
gushed from the wound.

  I can only conjecture what must have
been Leslie’s state of mind at that mo-
ment. For myself, I seemed to be the vic-
tim of some ghastly nightmare from
which I must presently awake. I simply
could not believe the evidence of my own
eyes as I saw the girl raise herself from
her ghoulish feast, her victim’s life-blood
staining her delicate lips and running in
tiny rivulets down her ivory breasts, and,
standing erect with wide-flung arms, give
voice to die exultant blood-call of the
Ghu-Fartfi.

  At the sight, something must have
snapped in the brain of the boy at my
side. He threw his rifle to his shoulder,
and the next moment the crash of its
discharge awoke the echoes of the forest.

   I like to think that he intended the bul-
let for N’Zahgi, but if so, he must have
aimed badly. It was Elna who stiffened
suddenly as she stood poised like a crim-
soned vampire—stiffened, swayed, then
pitched forward and lay still.

  A second later I pressed my trigger
and sent the witch-doctor down with a
bullet through his skull. Then Leslie
dashed into the throng of startled sav-
ages, swinging his clubbed rifle, dealing
out death to every living thing within

his reach, without a thought for his own
life. I verily believe that at that moment
Leslie wished to die. If so, he had his
wish. The savages broke and ran for
cover, but an arrow whizzed out of the
darkness and buried itself in his heart. . . .

  As the dawn was stealing into the
eastern sky I laid the young husband and
wife in a grave which I dug near the spot
where they had died. If fate had sun-
dered their lives so strangely, in death, at
least, they were not divided.

   I returned to the village to find it in
the hands of the natives. The rest of our
party had been surprized in their sleep
and killed. Then I wandered into the
bush, on and on, until I saw your smoke
on the horizon. . . .

*###**#

That was the story told me in weak,
gasping sentences as my ship shoul-
dered her way over the long rollers of
the tropic sea. Of its truth or falsity the
reader must judge for himself.

   It may be possible that the infusion of
savage blood formed a bond, invisible
but unbreakable, between the gently
nurtured white girl and the fierce devil-
worshipper; it may be that the whole ep-
isode is but a figment of a fever-ridden
brain.

  At least it is certain that more will
never be known, for the sole survivor of
the ill-fated Primrose died at sundown
that day, and the next morning we com-
mitted his body to the deep.

W.T.—8
A IVeird Story of Upper Michigan

The Tree of Life

       By PAUL ERNST

IT WAS cold. God, it was cold! Out-
side the cabin a blanket of February
snow showed leaden white under the
heavy, midafternoon clouds. A keening
wind growled through the bare-limbed
trees. It rattled the dry boughs like the
fingers of skeletons; and stole between
the slats of the crude window to twitch
at the shroud of the thing beneath.

  It was from that sheeted, stark figure
on the long bench that the greatest cold
seemed to emanate. Nothing can be colder
that a corpse. Nothing! A corpse seems
to radiate a deathly chill that numbs the
heart of whoever is near it.

  Because of the shrouded body more
than because of the actual temperature,
I was chilled to the bone in spite of my
inches of heavy clothing. I got to my feet
and walked up and down the one room
of the cabin, averting my eyes from the
figure on the bench.

  Then, in an effort to conquer fear with
familiarity, I crossed the room and lifted
the shroud from the hatchet face be-
neath.

  An old woman, looking far older than
her years because of her lifetime of
toil and disappointments! The hair was
scant and yellow-gray. The eyes, open
and staring, were like gray stones. The
nose seemed to have projected even far-
ther in death than in life. It jutted out
like the point of a wedge. There was
nothing lovely in this pilgrim, set out
for the farther shore. There was nothing
reposeful here.

  It was Mrs. Whilom, wife of Ab
   402

Whilom, our nearest farm neighbor.
The old couple had been swindled out
of their modest Ohio farm five years be-
fore. In their old age they had been
forced to come to upper Michigan, bare-
handed, to wrest-a living from the un-
familiar soil. And now—this!

  That noon my father and I had
hitched up for the twelve-mile drive over
laborious roads to town. (This was be-
fore the day of teeming autos and cement
highways.) In front of the Whilom ca-
bin my father had pulled up the horses
and stopped.

  Standing before us was Ab—a spare,
gnarled man in whom age had curdled
like milk in a thunderstorm.

  "Jest a minute,” he called, coming to
the side of the wagon. "I need help.”

  "Anything we can do-” my father

began amiably. He stopped at the look
in Ab’s eyes.

  "My old woman’s jest died,” he said.
The words were as perfunctory as though
he had just announced that his hogs had
cholera. But his eyes spoke for him. They
were dazed, hollowed out with sense of
loss.

  “Somebody’d ought to stay with her
while I go to town for the undertaker,”
continued Ab. "She couldn’t never bide
being alone. I’d hate to leave her alone
now.”

  My father turned to me, doubtfully,
speculatively.

  “Think you can keep her company,
son?”

  My look must have showed how re-
THE TREE OF LIFE

403

pulsive I found the idea of a lonely vigil
in the squalid cabin with a dead woman,
for he hastened on.

  "Never mind. I’ll do it. You’re pretty
young. . . .”

   Now the youth of youth is a sore point.
His reminding me of my sixteen years
was sufficient to make me insist on stay-
ing there while he drove Ab on into
town.

  So here I was, shivering in the mean
little hut beside the dead Mrs. Whilom,
blue with a cold that did not come en-
tirely from the winter wind but that
emanated straight from the shrouded
thing on the bench under the window.

1 replaced the sheet over the hawk
features, and sat down before the
fireplace. That psychic cold that struck
through jacket and mackinaw, knee-high
boots and heavy socks! I huddled closer
to the fire, resolutely turning my eyes to
the leaping flames. I did not want to look
toward the dead woman.

   I wondered if the body, in life, housed
a deathless spirit, as most people claim it
does. I wondered where this woman’s
spirit was. I fancied I knew what other
spirit it was with at the moment.

  Just before the land deal that had
cheated the Whiloms out of their little
farm, Ab’s daughter had died. The
daughter was an unfortunate creature,
born blind and dull-witted and ugly.
Her whole life had been filled by Mrs.
Whilom. And the old lady, to hear Ab
tell it, had concentrated all her frustrated
hopes and ambitions in a ferocious ma-
ternal flame of love for her unfortunate
child.

  The two had talked without words,
Ab had once said. The girl’s soul, he
said, was twisted around the mother’s
like a creeper around a tree.

  Now was the daughter rejoined in
death by the only person that had ever

meant anything to her—the only light
that had shone in her warped, blind
world—her mother? Was the daugh-
ter’s spirit hovering somewhere near, come
to escort the spirit of her beloved parent?

  I thought of these things as I huddled
miserably over a fire that could not warm
me, and prayed the time would not be
too long in passing till my father and
Ab got back with the undertaker.

I turned to the wood-box, which was
full to overflowing, and dumped a
big armful of split hranches into the
fire. This awful cold!

   The fire roared higher as I fed it more
wood. In an effort to counteract that
chilling cold I built a blaze that threat-
ened the safety of the cabin.

   The first keen edge of my formless ter-
ror gradually wore off, as all keen edges
do in time. The psychic chill was less
numbing. Or, possibly, it was more
numbing. I don’t know. Perhaps my
fear was now so great that my nerves re-
fused to twitch to its stimulus any more.
At any rate, calm, of a sort, came over
me. And with this unnatural, stunned
calm there came a relief from the cold-
ness.

  In spite of the open window, covered
only by the few meager slats, in spite of
the low temperature outside, I began to
feel suffocated. I was dressed to be com-
fortable at zero. It must have been near-
ly 60° now in the low, small room.

  I took off my mackinaw and loosened
my collar. Then, as my feet felt the
heat, my boots began to bother me. They
were new—and stiff as only new knee-
high boots can be. I took them off, too,
and padded about in my heavy socks. I
opened the door for a foot or so and
propped it with a piece of firewood.

  Trying to make my mind a blank, I
sat down, a good way from the scorch-
ing fire. Another two hours would be
404

WEIRD TALES

needed before the trip to town and back
could be concluded. Two hours. Two
centuries!

  I sat there, keeping my eyes on the
partly opened door so that I would not
see the way the drafts twitched like
ghostly fingers at the edge of the shroud.

  There was a faint scratching on the
bare-swept step outside. A small, ta-
pered head, in which were set two beady
eyes, was poked inquisitively around the
edge of the door. A wood-rat. And an
astonishingly bold one! Driven past fear,
no doubt, by the attraction of the warmth
and the smell of food in the cupboard.

  Cautiously, with many a spasmodic re-
treat, it came into the cabin. It kept its
hard little eyes warily on me. I stayed
motionless, glad of any distraction.

  After perhaps five minutes of maneu-
vering, it reached the center of the room
and crouched, staring impudently up at
me. I reached slowly down beside me
for one of my boots. Slowly-

  The wood-rat jerked toward the door,
but stopped as my descending hand was
stayed. It came back. And now my
fingers were around the boot-top.

  My hand snapped back and up. The
rat raced for the door, but a foot away
from it the flung boot chanced to catch
it squarely. It kicked a little, and lay
still, with a fleck of red dabbling its
spiky, repulsive whiskers.

  I started up to throw the dead rat out
of the cabin, when another scratching
sound on the step outside came to my
ears.

  It was a second wood-rat. And this
one was either entirely fearless or lost to
caution in its discovery of its fellow’s
fate.

  Without even a glance at me, it
streaked from the door to the furry body
lying beside my boot. It sniffed around
the dead rat with inquisitive nose, and
stared at it with beady eyes. Then, al-

most before I could follow its move-
ments, it had streaked for the door again,
and was gone.

  Almost at once it was back again. And
in its mouth was a green leaf, about the
size and shape of an oak leaf.

  A green leaf! Green! In the middle
of February in a region where winter is
unrelenting and iron-bound!

  My face must have been a mask of stu-
pidity as I stared at that leaf. Where in
the name of all that was miraculous could
the rodent have found it? There were no
green trees in the countryside at that time
of year! I knew there were none. Yet
—here was this leaf!

The rat was less quick this time, less
bold. It crept slowly toward the
stiffening body of its mate. As it ad-
vanced it kept its glittering little eyes
directed — not toward me, curiously
enough, but toward the corpse.

  There followed a most astounding
spectacle.

  The rat began to scurry aimlessly
around the room as though something
were chasing it. Carefully holding the
amazing leaf clear of the floor, it dodged
wildly from one wall to the other, al-
ways keeping its eyes fixed on thin air in
front of it. I was as completely disre-
garded as though I had not been there.

  Toward the improvised bier the rat
scurried, only to double spasmodically
away from it and run under my very
chair. Had the thing gone mad? I be-
gan to fumble for my other boot, fear of
a bite overcoming my curiosity to see the
outcome of this inexplicable play.

  The rat approached its dead mate
again, keeping its eyes on a spot on the
wall over the body — as if there were
something there that was invisible to my
eyes.

  With a quick move it placed the green
THE TREE OF LIFE

405

leaf squarely on the little stark body.
And behold—a miracle!

  The rat that was dead was no longer
dead! Under my very gaze it quivered
and came to life. The legs jerked once
or twice. The body twitched. The crea-
ture rose, limping and stiff, and followed
its mate out the door!

  My mind whirled in a blind chaos.
That impossible green leaf—its contact
with the dead rat—the resurrection of the
little pest!

  As had everyone else who lived in
that part of the state, I had heard tales of
a fabulous Tree of Life. Somewhere in
the region there was said to be a tree that
could raise the dead at a mere touch. The
myth had been handed down to the old-
timers by the Indians. My father had
heard the yarn from his father, and had
told it to me when I was a youngster and
begged for a fairy-story.

  It was a myth. Of course it was a
myth! There could be no truth in such
a thing! But—that wood-rat had surely
been dead. And now it was alive!

   I stared at the leaf, still lying on the
floor. Like an oak leaf, it was, but of a
softer texture and a lighter green. A
leaf from the Tree-

  My gaze went, fascinated, from the.
leaf to the body under the window.

  A dead rat had come to life. Why
could not a dead human being? Both
were flesh. Both were made of the same
stuff. And here, to my hand, was this
incredible green leaf.

  I left my chair and picked it up. It
seemed to curl about my fingers with a
life of its own. It was soft as the softest
silk, and warm—like no other leaf I’d
ever touched. The feel of it went through
me like wine. I seemed to expand, to
grow larger than my own self.

  Clutching the leaf, I started toward
the corpse. As I went the numbing chill

that had paralyzed me before, laid hold
of me again. And suddenly, as though
the touch of the leaf had given my eyes
new power, I thought I saw something
wavering protectively over the dead body.
I say "thought” because by now it was
early dusk, and the misty shape I seemed
to see was so intermingled with the
gathering shadows that I could not be
sure. Also, when I blinked my eyes to
test their veracity, the vision disappeared.

  I lifted up the shroud, and started to
touch the leaf to the dead woman’s
face-

  Icy fingers seemed to catch at my
wrist! My hand was torn away!

  "Will!”

   It was like a shower of ice-cold water,
that whip-like crack of my name sound-
ing behind me. I gasped with the sud-
denness of it, combined as it was with
the sheer terror that had crept through
me at the fancied touch of those unseen
fingers.

  My hand opened convulsively. As
though caught up by some invisible force,
the leaf whirled out the window and was
gone.

  "Has anything happened to upset
you?” asked my father, putting his hand
anxiously on my shoulder.

  "No,” I mumbled. "No. Nothing
at all has happened.”

  "I thought I saw something blow out
of the window,” he persisted. I made no
answer.

  Ab, meanwhile, was taking a last look
at the woman who had helped and cared
for him for so long.

  "She’s happier now, I reckon,” he
muttered. "She’s with Patty, prob’ly,
with our poor blind daughter. . .

I never told them what had happened
in that cabin. A kid of sixteen doesn’t
tell such things. He’s too sure he’ll be
laughed at. It’s only now, when I am
406

WEIRD TALES

well along in years, that I dare to relate
the affair and speculate about it.

Was the rat really dead? Possibly
not; I am in no position to prove it. Did

I	merely imagine that wavering thing by
the corpse, and the touch of those cold
fingers? Perhaps; one’s imagination is
apt to work overtime during such a vigil.
Could the spirit of the dead daughter
have really been in that room, and did it

first chase the rat and then clutch at my
wrist in an effort to keep the mother from
being resurrected? It sounds unbeliev-
able.

  The only fact that I can reiterate is
that the leaf—in the midst of winter—
was green. I saw it, held it in my hand.
What would have happened had 1
touched it to the corpse? I don't know,
of course, but I think ... I think. . . .

Black Chant Imperial

    By ROBERT E. HOWARD

               Trumpets triumph in red disaster,

       White skulls litter the broken sod,

              And we who ride for the one Black Master
              Howl at the iron gates of God.

               Temples rock and the singers falter,

       Lights go out in the rushing gloom—

                 Slay the priest on his blackened altar,

      Rip the babe from the woman’s womb!

       Black be the night that locks around them,

      They who chant of the Good and Light,

       Black be the pinions that shall confound them,

       Breaking their brains with a deadly fright.

                Praised be the Prince that reigns forever
                Throned in the shadows stark and grim,

      Where cypress moans by the midnight river—

       Lift your goblets and drink to him!

               Virgins wail and a babe is whining
               Nailed like a fly on a gory lance;

       White on the skulls the stars are shining,

      Over them sweeps our demon’s dance.

       Trumpets bray and the stars are riven!

Shatter the altar, blot the light!

       From the bursting hells to the falling heaven
       We are kings of the world tonight!
His Wild Dream Was Interwoven With Reality

The Phantom Bus

      By W. ELWYN BACKUS

OUT of the vagueness of the half-
dawn a dark bulk loomed to the
accompaniment of a dull rumble.
To Arthur Strite, waiting for his regular
bus—the big, orange six-forty-five to the
city—this nondescript contraption which
usually preceded it by a minute or two
seemed more like a ghostly coffin than a
public conveyance. Its sweating black
sides glistened oilily in the gray light as it
passed him. A single dim incandescent
lamp seen through the windows silhou-
etted stiffly nodding heads against the
background of a dingy interior. Then
the black bus was gone, swallowed up in
the swirling December mist and fog.

  As always, a feeling of odd disquiet
possessed Strite with the passing of this
conveyance—a fleeting impression of
mystery, strangely repellent and defying
description; of ill omen. What manner
of passengers it carried or whence and
whither it traveled, he did not know—
and cared less. Yet, queerly enough, the
affair had increasingly irritated and dis-
turbed him ever since his moving to
Emerymont three weeks before.

   "Just an old junk-heap that loops out
through Norwood and back over this
direction,” a fellow commuter said in
answer to his question. Until this morn-
ing Strite had refrained from what he
deemed the weakness of a query about
this thing. For he had hesitated to give
definite shape to his senseless disquiet by
admitting any curiosity, even to himself.
"I believe a couple of death-traps like that
one comprise the company’s entire roll-
ing-stock,” his informant finished.

   "Oh,” said Strite, mentally categorying
the bus line with several that operated a
sort of cross-country service between out-
lying sections of Cincinnati. Of course,
he reflected, some concern had to serve
this need. But he was conscious of a feel-
ing of relief that he did not have to use
that service.

  Arthur Strite was boarding in Emery-
mont with the Ransons, not because of
any liking for the make-believes, the rab-
ble of bourgeoisie and scandalmongers
that peopled the little suburb, but because
he did enjoy the shrubbery and lawns and
the quaintly designed houses, despite the
crazy butting of garbage-can-studded
back yards against living-room windows
of adjoining homes. He minded his own
business, displaying no curiosity in the
neighbors or affairs of the place—which
was one of the reasons why he had not
discovered sooner the purpose of the bus
line mentioned.

  The night of the same day he had
asked about the bus, he found himself
pondering, with some intentness in the
midst of an absent-minded perusal of the
evening comic sheet, on the dingy con-
veyance that passed him each morning.
Why should that silly bus thus intrude
itself into his mind? He smiled self-in-
dulgently and turned over to the sports
page. The thing actually was becoming a
nuisance! And for no logical reason.
What should it matter to him how unin-
viting, how disagreeable a box on wheels
those people rode in every morning?

  Nevertheless, he dropped off to sleep
thinking about the ghostly bus.

401
408

WEIRD TALES

  The same thing began to be the rule
on the nights that followed. Always that
ridiculous feeling of indefinable dread
would come over him, would cling ten-
aciously to his thoughts from the moment
he happened to think of having seen the
shadowy bus that morning. He had half
a notion to hail the confounded contrap-
tion some morning and see where it took
him, just to dispel all this absurd air of
mystery about it which had so unaccount-
ably fastened upon him. Though perhaps
there was some reason for his strange
obsession after all. Not quite one year
before, his fiancee, Doris Tway, had been
killed in a terrible bus crash. He remem-
bered the crumpled remains of the fatal
bus, which he had seen afterward, vivid-
ly. It, too, had been black and shabby.
An odd girl—she had always said that if
die left first, she would return for him.
Her idea of a joke, of course, but un-
usual.

   In spite of his notion about hailing the
other bus, Strite did not ride it—not for
several weeks anyway, although its daily
rumbling and jangling approach, made
more eery by the shortening of the days,
had driven that impression of weird mys-
tery deeper than ever into his waking
thoughts. Waking, because, so far, the
dark bus had troubled him only during
the evenings before he retired.

  However, there came a night when he
dreamed that he obeyed an impulse and
boarded the strange bus!

   He was conscious of a sickly odor as he
entered the rickety door, which had slid
bade with a softness in strange contrast to
the outward clatter of the conveyance.
The vizor of die operator’s cap was pulled
well down over his face as he leaned over
his levers. Strite felt the bus begin to
move. Oddly, there was no vibration,
none of the jarring rattle and bang he
had expected. He might have been on a
river barge, for all the motion he could

feel. Startled more by this unnatural
quiet than he could have been by the
loudest of banging or jolting, he raised
his eyes toward the occupants of the bus.
Perhaps it was the strange effort this act
seemed to impose upon him; at any rate,
he awoke in that instant, seized by un-
reasoning, incomprehensible terror!

  It was an hour before his taut nerves
had relaxed enough to let him drop off to
sleep—and not before he had vowed to
ride that bus in fact the next morning.

2

Strite did not ride the black bus the
next morning. It was nearly seven
o’clock when he opened his eyes from a
troubled sleep. This meant that he would
be late to the office where he worked, on
the other side of the city. Of course he
missed his regular bus, and, with it, the
other. Too, the daylight put a different
aspect upon things. It would have been
ridiculous, after all, to board a bus bound
for another part of the city merely to
humor a crazy impulse.

  Yet, when that night came, Strite hes-
itated to go to bed. He told himself that
he was hopeless, a fool and a coward.
Then he undressed and resolutely turned
out the light.

  His hesitancy had not been unfounded.
Again he found himself boarding the
mysterious, sweating conveyance with its
leaning operator and strange, illusive
odor. And again a sudden, agonized
awakening.

  But this time he saw the other occu-
pants before he awoke. They all—there
were six of them—had their eyes closed
as they sat nodding slightly with the
almost imperceptible swaying of the bus.
There was a repellent something about
those faces, other than their closed eye-
lids, that struck a chill into Strite’s heart.
He wondered whether they were just
weary, like him, or-
THE PHANTOM BUS

409

  A cold finger touched his wrist. He
managed to turn and face the operator.
The latter, his face still hidden, was point-
ing to the fare box. Of course, these ill-
built, ill-kept buses would reverse things
by demanding their fare when one
entered. He reached into his pocket for
a dime, and in that moment caught sight
of a seventh passenger, seated in front on
the other side. The operator s head and
shoulders had partly hidden her from
him before, despite her slender tallness.

  As his fingers found and automatically
brought forth a dime, he observed that
this passenger’s eyes were not closed like
the rest—that they were pale gray and
staring at him. They were like—oh, God,
it couldn’t be—Doris! But it was—it
was! How could he have failed to recog-
nize her sooner, despite her position on
the other side of the operator? Now he
could understand why this bus had
drawn him so strangely, irresistibly.

  As he stared back at her, speechless
with amazement, her eyes left his face,
turned toward the windshield. Her pale
lips twitched oddly, as if, mute with fear
at what she saw there, she sought vainly
to scream.

  Then abruptly the spell was broken.
She leaped to her feet, throwing one arm
across her face in a gesture of one ward-
ing off some fearful harm. A shrill, hys-
terical scream pierced the quiet of that
closed space like the stab of a knife!

  That cry jarred Strite back to con-
sciousness with a suddenness that jerked
him upright in bed.

  As he sat there trembling with the
realism of his dream and that agonized
scream, he became aware that he held
something tightly in one closed hand. A
fresh chill passed through his body at the
familiar feel of that something. He
needed no light to tell him that it was a

dime he clutched—the dime he had been
ready to drop in the fare box of his
dream!

3

OF course he found that the coin evi-
dently had fallen out of his vest
when he sat on the bed while undressing.
In fact, he usually kept some change in
his vest pocket so as to have it handy for
tips, newspapers, and such. Perhaps the
accidental finding and touching of that
coin in his slumbers had even started the
train of thought that had made him dream
of the fare box—and the other things. But
there was no more sleep for Strite. After
tossing about for the rest of the night, he
got up about five o’clock.

  This morning he was determined upon
one thing. He would ride the black bus—
"the phantom bus,” as he had come to
term it privately—this morning, and kill
for once and all this persistent subcon-
scious illusion that had taken root in his
mind from the seed of his first absurd im-
pression of the rickety conveyance in the
eery light of half-dawn.

  Once more his intention was to be de-
feated, however. The black bus failed to
appear before the six-forty-five, though he
had arrived at its stop more than a quar
ter-hour before it was due. He even
waited for it ten minutes after his regular
bus had gone—only to learn later that the
other line finally had been discontinued.

  His first reaction to this information
was an overwhelming relief. No longer
would he be reminded by this shadowy
rumbling hulk each morning, of thingr
he wanted to forget.

  But on the heels of this thought came
the realization that the very discontinu-
ance of the line had removed all chancc
of his ever killing the illusion if the latter
continued to trouble him.
410

WEIRD TALES

  That day at noon as he walked along a
downtown street a peculiar odor halted
him. There was an illusive, dread
familiarity about it. He was before a
florist’s open shop, and a great bowl of
tuberoses, those once choice flowers for all
those departed, was set out in front. He
knew now where he had smelled their
scent before—on the phantom bus of his
dream.

4

Once again Strite was in the phantom
bus—in his subconscious mind. This
time he knew exactly what was coming.
He seemed powerless to change a single
detail of it all. The pause just inside the
doorway as he forced his gaze up to where
the six passengers sat in plain view, their
eyes closed, in death-like weariness or
worse. The icy touch of a finger on his
wrist, the reaching for a coin, and the dis-
covery of the slender, tall girl up front.
Doris!

  At this point the sequence of events
suddenly galvanized him into a feverish
alertness for the next thing. As Doris’
hysterical scream rang in his ears, he was
abruptly released from the grip of im-
mobility. He turned quickly and looked
out of the front of the bus.

  What he saw there made him throw up
his hands in an involuntary gesture simi-
lar to her own instinctive gesture of ter-
ror. He heard the brakes squealing
shrilly—felt the bus skid on the sleet-
covered road even as he caught a side
glimpse of the operator’s face—saw with
sudden added horror that half the face
was missing. Beyond that fleeting glimpse,
he had time for no further examination;
for just ahead a heavily loaded truck was
emerging from a narrow bridge-end,
blocking their way. Then a terrific, rend-
ing crash. . . .

5

The six-forty-five bus was four min-
utes late on account of the icy con-
dition of the roads; they had been that
way for two days. A little group of com-
muters on the roadside were talking in
subdued tones, for once unmindful of the
delay as they waited.

  "Personally,” a pompous, red-faced
man was saying, "I believe Ranson killed
and—mauled—him for attentions to
Mrs. Ranson.”

  "But Strite didn’t appear to be that
type,” objected a young member of the
group. "Nor is Mrs. Ranson the sort who
would encourage him. Besides, consider
the condition of the body. Why, Ranson
or no one else could have so mangled an-
other—to say nothing of leaving it in bed
and persistently claiming that he didn’t
know how it happened, except that he
and his wife were awakened in the mid-
dle of the night by a frightful cry—and
found him that way! No, I say there is
some deeper mystery about the affair, the
nature of which we haven’t suspected.”

   The big, orange-colored bus hove into
view at this juncture, interrupting the dis-
cussion for the time. Presently they all
had boarded it and found seats at various
vantage-points. A little distance along the
road one of them pointed out to his neigh-
bor a twisted and splintered mass of
wreckage at the foot of an embankment
of the narrow bridge they were just then
crossing.

  "Lucky it jumped off when it struck—
didn’t even delay us yesterday when we
followed a few minutes after it was dis-
covered.”

   "Queer thing about how it got there,”
said the other. "Nobody witnessed the
accident, and the defunct bus company’s
officials swear that the last they saw of
their 'death trap’ was when it was locked
BEYOND THE DOOR

411

away in an old garage on the other side
of Norwood. Can you imagine any one
swiping a can like that for a ride? But the
present-day young coke-head will grab
anything for a joy-ride.”

  “No queerer than that—that mess in-
side the wreck—as if some one had been
crushed like—well, like poor Strite, for
instance. Yet they could find no trace of
a body!”

Beyond the Door

By PAUL SUTER

“TTOU haven't told me yet how it

  Y	happened,” I said to Mrs. Mal-
       kin.

She set her lips and eyed me, sharply.

  "Didn’t you talk with the coroner,
sir?”

  “Yes, of course,” I admitted; “but as
I understand you found my uncle, I
thought-”

"Well, I wouldn’t care to say anything
about it,” she interrupted, with decision.

  This housekeeper of my uncle’s was
somewhat taller than I, and much heavier
—two physical preponderances which
afford any woman possessing them an
advantage over the inferior male. She
appeared a subject for diplomacy rather
than argument.

  Noting her ample jaw, her breadth of
cheek, the unsentimental glint of her eye,
I decided on conciliation. I placed a chair
for her, there in my Uncle Godfrey’s
study, and dropped into another, myself.

“At least, before we go over the other

   ♦Prom WEIRD TALES, April. 1923.

parts of the house, suppose we rest a
little,” I suggested, in my most unctuous
manner. "The place rather gets on one's
nerves—don’t you think so?”

  It was sheer luck—I claim no credit
for it. My chance reflection found the
weak spot in her fortifications. She re-
plied to it with an undoubted smack of
satisfaction:

  "It’s more than seven years that I’ve
been doing for Mr. Sarston, sir: bring-
ing him his meals regular as clockwork,
keeping the house clean—as clean as he’d
let me—and sleeping at my own home
o’ nights; and in all that time I’ve said,
over and over, there ain’t a house in New
York the equal of this for queemess.”
"Nor anywhere else,” I encouraged
her, with a laugh;, and her confidences
opened another notch:

  "You’re likely right in that, too, sir.
As I’ve said to poor Mr. Sarston, many a
time, 'It’s all well enough,’ says I, ’to
have bugs for a hobby. You can afford
it; and being a bachelor and by your-
412

WEIRD TALES

self, you don’t have to consider other
people’s likes and dislikes. And it’s all
well enough if you want to,’ says I, 'to
keep thousands and thousands o’ them in
cabinets, all over the place, the way you
do. But when it comes to pinnin’ them
on the walls in regular armies,’ I says,
'and on the ceiling of your own study;
and even on different parts of the furni-
ture, so that a body don’t know what
awful thing she’s a-goin’ to find under
her hand of a sudden when she does the
dusting; why, then,’ I says to him, ’it’s
drivin’ a decent woman too far.’ ”

  "And did he never try to reform his
ways when you told him that?” I asked,
smiling.

  “To be frank with you, Mr. Robinson,
when I talked like that to him, he gener-
ally raised my pay. And what was a body
to do then?”

  "I can’t see how Lucy Lawton stood
the place as long as she did,” I observed,
watching Mrs. Malkin’s red face very
closely.

  She swallowed the bait, and leaned
forward, hands on knees.

  "Poor girl, it got on her nerves. But
she was the quiet kind. You never saw
her, sir?”

  I shook my head.

  "One of them, slim, faded girls, with
light hair, and hardly a word to say for
herself. I don’t believe she got to know
the next-door neighbor in the whole year
she lived with your uncle. She was an or-
phan, wasn’t she, sir?”

  "Yes,” I said. "Godfrey Sarston and
I were her only living relatives. That
was why she came from Australia to stay
with him, after her father’s death.”

  Mrs. Malkin nodded. I was hoping
that, by putting a check on my eagerness,
I could lead her on to a number of things
I greatly desired to know. Up to the time
I had induced the housekeeper to show
me through this strange house of my

 Uncle Godfrey’s, the whole affair had
 been a mystery of lips which closed and
 faces which were averted at my approach.
 Even the coroner seemed unwilling to tell
 me just how my uncle had died.

 “FV id you understand she was going to
 live with him, sir?” asked Mrs.
 Malkin, looking hard at me.

   I confined myself to a nod.

    "Well, so did I. Yet, after a year, back
 she went.”

   "She went suddenly?” I suggested.

   "So suddenly that I never knew a thing
 about it till after she was gone. I came
 to do my chores one day, and she was
 here. I came the next, and she had
 started back to Australia. That’s how
 sudden she went.”

   "They must have had a falling-out,” I
 conjectured. "I suppose it was because of
 the house.”

   "Maybe it was and maybe it wasn’t.”
   "You know of other reasons?”

   "I have eyes in my head,” she said.
 "But I’m not going to talk about it. Shall
 we be getting on now, sir?”

    I tried another lead:

   "I hadn’t seen my uncle in five years,
 you know. He seemed terribly changed.
 He was not an old man, by any means,

 yet when I saw him at the funeral-”

 I paused, expectantly.

   To my relief, she responded readily:

 -	"He looked that way for the last few
 months, especially the last week. I spoke
 to him about it, two days before—before
 it happened, sir—and told him he’d do
 well to see the doctor, again. But he cut
 me off short. My sister took sick the same
 day, and I was called out of town. The

 next time I saw him, he was-”

   She paused, and then went on, sob-
 bing: "To think of him lyin’ there in that
 awful place, and callin’ and callin’ for
 me, as I know he must, and me not
 around to hear him!”
BEYOND THE DOOR

413

 .. As she stopped again, suddenly, and
 threw a suspicious glance at me, I has-
 tened to insert a matter-of-fact question:

   "Did he appear ill on that last day?”

  "Not so much ill, as-”

  "Yes?” I prompted.

  She was silent a long time, while I
waited, afraid that some word of mine
had brought back her former attitude of
hostility. Then she seemed to make up
her mind.

   "I oughtn’t to say another word. I’ve
said too much, already. But you’ve been
liberal with me, sir, and I know some-
thin’ you’ve a right to be told, which I’m
thinkin’ no one else is a-goin’ to tell you.
Look at the bottom of his study door a
minute, sir.”

  I followed her direction. What I saw
led Jtne to drop to my hands and knees,
the better to examine it.

  "Why should he put a rubber strip on
the bottom of his door?” I asked, getting
up.

  She replied with another enigmatical
suggestion: "Look at these, if you will,
sir. You’ll remember that he slept in this
study. That was his bed, over there in the
alcove.”

   "Bolts!” I exclaimed. And I reinforced
sight with touch by shooting one of them
back and forth a few times. "Double
bolts on the inside of his bedroom door!
An upstairs room, at that. What was the
idea?”

  Mrs. Malkin portentously shook her
head and sighed, as one unburdening her
mind.

  "Only this can I say, sir: He was
afraid of something—terribly afraid, sir.
Something that came in the night.”

  "What was it?” I demanded.

   "I don’t know, sir.”

  "It was in the night that — it hap-
pened?” I asked.

  She nodded; then, as if the prologue

were over, as if she had prepared my
mind sufficiently, she produced some-
thing from under her apron. She must
have been holding it there all the time.

   "It’s his diary, sir. It was lying here
on the floor. I saved it for you, before the
police could get their hands on it.”

I opened the little book. One of the
sheets near the back was crumpled, and
I glanced at it, idly. What I read there
impelled me to slap the covers shut again.
"Did you read this?” I demanded.

  She met my gaze, frankly.

   "I looked into it, sir,, just as you did—
only just looked into it. Not for worlds
would I do even that again!”

   "I noticed some reference here to a slab
in the cellar. What slab is that?”

   "It covers an old, dried-up well, sir.”
   "Will you show it to me?”

  "You can find it for yourself, sir, if
you wish. I’m not goin’ down there,”
she said, decidedly.

  "Ah, well, I’ve seen enough for to-
day,” I told her. "I’ll take the diary bade
to my hotel and read it.”

I did not return to my hotel, however.
In my one brief glance into the little
book, I had seen something which had
bitten into my soul; only a few words,
but they had brought me very near to that
queer, solitary man who had been my
uncle.

  I dismissed Mrs. Malkin, and remained
in the study. There was the fitting place
to read the diary he had left behind him.

   His personality lingered like a vapor in
that study. I settled into his deep morris
chair, and turned it to catch the light
from the single, narrow window — the
light, doubtless, by which he had written
much of his work on entomology.

  That same struggling illumination
played shadowy tricks with hosts of wall-
crucified inseas, which seemed engaged
414

WEIRD TALES

m a united effort to crawl upward in sin-
uous lines. Some of their number, im-
paled to the ceiling itself, peered quiver-
ingly down on the aspiring multitude.
The whole house, with its crisp dead,
rustling in any vagrant breeze, brought
back to my mind the hand that had
pinned them, one by one, on wall and
ceiling and furniture. A kindly hand, I
reflected, though eccentric; one not to be
turned aside from its single hobby.

  When quiet, peering Uncle Godfrey
went, there passed out another of those
scientific enthusiasts, whose passion for
exact truth in some one direction has ex-
tended the bounds of human knowledge.
Could not his unquestioned merits have
been balanced against his sin? Was it
necessary to even-handed justice that he
die face-to-face with Horror, struggling
with the thing he most feared? I ponder
the question still, though his body —
strangely bruised — has been long at rest.

The entries in the little book began
with the fifteenth of June. Every-
thing before that date had been torn out.
There, in the room where it had been
written, I read my Uncle Godfrey’s diary:

  "It is done. I am trembling so that the
words will hardly form under my pen,
but my mind is collected. My course was
for the best. Suppose I had married her?
She would have been unwilling to live in
this house. At the outset, her wishes
would have come between me and my
work, and that would have been only the
beginning.

  "As a married man, I could not have
concentrated properly, I could not have
surrounded myself with the atmosphere
indispensable to the writing of my book.
My scientific message would never have
been delivered. As it is, though my heart
is sore, I shall stifle these memories in
work.

  "I wish I had been more gentle with
her, especially when she sank to her
knees before me, tonight. She kissed my
hand. I should not have repulsed her so
roughly. In particular, my words could
have been better chosen. I said to her,
bitterly: 'Get up, and don’t nuzzle my
hand like a dog.* She rose, without a
word, and left me. How was I to know

that, within an hour-

  "I am largely to blame. Yet had I
taken any other course afterward than' the
one I did, the authorities would have mis-
understood.”

Again, there followed a space from
l which the sheets had been tom; but
from the sixteenth of July, all the pages
were intact. Something had come over
the writing, too. It was still precise and
clear—my Uncle Godfrey’s characteristic
hand—but the letters were less firm. As
the entries approached the end, this dif-
ference became still more marked.

  Here follows, then, the whole of his
story; or as much of it as will ever be
known. I shall let his words speak for
him, without further interruption:

  "My nerves are becoming more serious-
ly affected. If certain annoyances do not
shortly cea9e, I shall be obliged to procure
medical advice. To be more specific, I
find myself, at times, obsessed by an al-
most uncontrollable desire to descend to
the cellar and lift the slab over the old
well.

  “I never have yielded to the impulse,
but it has persisted for minutes together
with such intensity that I have had to put
work aside, and literally hold myself
down in my chair. This insane desire
comes only in the dead of night, when
its disquieting effect is heightened by the
various noises peculiar to the house.

  "For instance, there often is a draft of
air along the hallways, which causes a
BEYOND THE DOOR

415

rustling among the specimens impaled on
the walls. Lately, too, there have been
other nocturnal sounds, strongly sugges-
tive of the busy clamor of rats and mice.
This calls for investigation. I have been
at considerable expense to make the house
proof against rodents, which might de-
stroy some of my best specimens. If some
structural defect has opened a way for
them, the situation must be corrected at
once.

  "July 17th. The foundations and cel-
lar were examined today by a workman.
He states positively that there is no place
of ingress for rodents. He contented him-
self with looking at the slab over the old
well, without lifting it.

   "July 19th. While I was sitting in this
chair, late last night, writing, the impulse
to-descend to the cellar suddenly came
upon me with tremendous insistence. I
yielded — which, perhaps, was as well.
For at least I satisfied myself that the dis-
quiet which possessed me has no external
cause.

  "The long journey through the hall-
ways was difficult. Several times, I was
keenly aware of the same sounds (per-
haps I should say, the same impressions
of sounds) that I had erroneously laid to
rats. I am convinced now that they are
mere symptoms of my nervous condition.
Further indications of this came in the
fact that, as I opened the cellar door, the
small noises abruptly ceased. There was
no final scamper of tiny footfalls to sug-
gest rats disturbed at their occupations.

   "Indeed, I was conscious of a certain
impression of expectant silence — as if
the thing behind the noises, whatever it
was, had paused to watch me enter its
dominion. Throughout my time in the
cellar, I seemed surrounded by this same
atmosphere. Sheer 'nerves,’ of course.

   "In the main, I held myself well under
control. As I was about to leave the cel-
lar, however, I unguardedly glanced back

over my shoulder at the stone slab cover-
ing the old well. At that, a violent trem-
or came over me, and, losing all com-
mand, I rushed back up the cellar stairs,
thence to this study. My nerves are play-
ing me sorry tricks.

  "July 30th. For more than a week, all
has been well. The tone of my nerves
seems distinctly better. Mrs. Malkin,
who has remarked several times lately
upon my paleness, expressed the convic-
tion this afternoon that I am nearly my
old self again. This is encouraging. I
was beginning to fear that the severe
strain of the past few months had left an
indelible mark upon me. With contin-
ued health, I shall be able to finish my
book by spring.

  "July 31st. Mrs. Malkin remained
rather late tonight in connection with
some item of housework, and it was quite
dark when I returned to my study from
bolting the street door after her. The
blackness of the upper hall, which the
former owner of the house inexplicably
failed to wire for electricity, was pro-
found. As I came to the top of the sec-
ond flight of stairs, something clutched
at my foot, and, for an instant, almost
pulled me back. I freed myself and ran
to the study.

  "August 3rd. Again the awful insist-
ence. I sat here, with this diary upon my
knee, and it seems that fingers of iron are
tearing at me. I will not go! My nerves
may be utterly unstrung again (I fear
they are), but I am still their master.

  "August 4th. I did not yield, last
night. After a bitter struggle, which must
have lasted nearly an hour, the desire to
go to the cellar suddenly departed. I
must not give in at any time.

  "August 5th. Tonight, the rat noises
(I shall call them that for want of a more
appropriate term) are very noticeable. I
went to the length of unbolting my door
and stepping into the hallway to listen.
416

WEIRD TALES

After a few minutes, I seemed to be
aware of something large and gray watch-
ing me from the darkness at the end of
the passage. This is a bizarre statement,
of course, but it exactly describes my im-
pression. I withdrew hastily into the
study, and bolted the door.

  "Now that my nervous condition is so
palpably affecting the optic nerve, I must
not much longer delay seeing a specialist.
But—how much shall I tell him?

  "August 8th. Several times, tonight,
while sitting here at my work, I have
seemed to hear soft footsteps in the pas-
sage. ‘Nerves’ again, of course, or else
some new trick of the wind among die
specimens on the walls.

  "August 9th. By my watch it is four
o’clock in the morning. My mind is made
up to record the experience I have passed
through. Calmness may come that way.

  “Feeling rather fatigued last night,
from the strain of a weary day of re-
search, I retired early. My sleep was more
refreshing than usual, as it is likely to be
when one is genuinely tired. I awakened,
however (it must have been about an
hour ago), with a start of tremendous
violence.

  “There was moonlight in the room.
My nerves were 'on edge,’ but, for a mo-
ment, I saw nothing unusual. Then,
glancing toward the door, I perceived
what appeared to be thin, white fingers,
thrust under it—exactly as if some one
outside the door were trying to attract my
attention in that manner. I rose and
turned on the light, but the fingers were
gone.

  “Needless to say, I did not open the
door. I write the occurrence down, just
as it took place, or as it seemed; but I can
not trust myself to comment upon it.

  “August 10th. Have fastened heavy
rubber strips on the bottom of my door.

  “August 15th. All quiet, for several
nights. I am hoping that the rubber

strips, being something definite and tan-
gible, have had a salutary effect upon my
nerves. Perhaps I shall not need to see a
doaor.

  "August 17th. Once more I have been
aroused from sleep. The interruptions
seem to come always at the same hour—
about three o’clock in the morning. I had
been dreaming of the well in the cellar
—the same dream, over and over—every-
thing black except the slab, and a figure
with bowed head and averted face sitting
there. Also, I had vague dreams about a
dog. Can it be that my last words to her
have impressed that on my mind? I must
pull myself together. In particular, I
must not, under any pressure, yield, and
visit the cellar after nightfall.

  “August 18th. Am feeling much more
hopeful. Mrs. Malkin remarked on it,
while serving dinner. This improvement
is due largely to a consultation I have had
with Dr. Sartwell, the distinguished spe-
cialist in nervous diseases. I went into
full details with him, excepting certain
reservations. He scouted the idea that my
experiences could be other than purely
mental.

  “When he recommended a change of
scene (which I had been expeaing), I
told him positively that it was out of the
question. He said then that, with the aid
of a tonic and an occasional sleeping-
draft, I am likely to progress well enough
at home. This is distinaly encouraging.
I erred in not going to him at the start.
Without doubt, most, if not all, of my
hallucinations could have been averted.

  "I have been suffering a needless pen-
alty from my nerves for an aaion I took
solely in the interests of science. I have
no disposition to tolerate it further. From
today I shall report regularly to Dr. Sart-
well.

  “August 19th. Used the sleeping-draft
last night, with gratifying results. The
doaor says I must repeat the dose for

W.T.—8
BEYOND THE DOOR

417

several nights, until my nerves are well
under control again.

   “August 21st. All well. It seems that
I have found the way out—a very simple
and prosaic way. I might have avoided
much needless annoyance by seeking ex-
pert advice at the beginning. Before re-
tiring, last night, I unbolted my study
door and took a turn up and down the
passage. I felt no trepidation. The place
was as it used to be, before these fancies
assailed me. A visit to the cellar after
nightfall will be the test for my complete
recovery, but I am not yet quite ready
for that. Patience!

  “August 22nd. I have just read yes-
terday’s entry, thinking to steady myself.
It is cheerful—almost gay; and there are
other entries like it in preceding pages.
I am a mouse, in the grip of a cat. Let
me have freedom for ever so short a time,
and I begin to rejoice at my escape. Then
the paw descends again.

  "It is four in the morning—the usual
hour. I retired rather late, last night,
after administering the draft. Instead of
the dreamless sleep, which heretofore has
followed the use of the drug, the slumber
into which I fell was punctuated by recur-
rent visions of the slab, with the bowed
figure upon it. Also, I had one poignant
dream in which the dog was involved.

  “At length, I awakened, and reached
mechanically for the light switch beside
my bed. When my hand encountered
nothing, I suddenly realized the truth. I
was standing in my study, with my other
hand upon the doorknob. It required
only a moment, of course, to find the
light and switch it on. I saw then that
the bolt had been drawn back.

  "The door was quite unlocked. My
awakening must have interrupted me in
the very act of opening it. I could hear
something moving restlessly in the pas-
sage outside the door.

   "August 23rd. I must beware of sleep-
W.T.—9

ing at night. Without confiding the fact
to Dr. Sartwell, I have begun to take the
drug in the daytime. At first, Mrs. Mal-
kin’s views on the subject were pro-
nounced, but my explanation of 'doctor's
orders’ has silenced her. I am awake for
breakfast and supper, and sleep in the
hours between. She is leaving me, each
evening, a cold lunch to be eaten at mid-
night.

  “August 26th. Several times I have
caught myself nodding in my chair. The
last time, I am sure that, on arousing, I
perceived the rubber strip under the door
bent inward, as if something were push-
ing it from the other side. I must not,
under any circumstances, permit myself to
fall asleep.

  "September 2nd. Mrs. Malkin is to be
away, because of her sister’s illness. I can
not help dreading her absence. Though
she is here only in the daytime, even that
companionship is very welcome.

  "September 3rd. Let me put this into
writing. The mere labor of composition
has a soothing influence upon me. God
knows, I need such an influence now, as
never before!

   "In spite of all my watchfulness, I fell
asleep, tonight—across my bed. I must
have been utterly exhausted. The dream
I had was the one about the dog. I was
patting the creature’s head, over and over.

  “I awoke, at last, to find myself in
darkness, and in a standing position.
There was a suggestion of chill and
earthiness in the air. While I was drow-
sily trying to get my bearings, I became
aware that something was nuzzling my
hand, as a dog might do.

  "Still saturated with my dream, I was
not greatly astonished. I extended my
hand, to pat the dog’s head. That
brought me to my senses. I was stand-
ing in the cellar.

  "The thing before me was not a dog!

  "I can not tell how I fled back up the
418

WEIRD TALES

cellar stairs. I know, however, that, as I
turned, the slab was visible, in spite of
the darkness, with something sitting upon
it. All the way up the stairs, hands
snatched at my feet.”

This entry seemed to finish the diary,
for blank pages followed it; but I
remembered the crumpled sheet, near the
back of the book. It was partly torn out,
as if a hand had clutched it, convulsively.
The writing on it, too, was markedly in
contrast to the precise, albeit nervous pen-
manship of even the last entry I had
perused. I was forced to hold the scrawl
up to the light to decipher it. This is
what I read:

  "My hand keeps on writing, in spite
of myself. What is this? I do not wish
to write, but it compels me. Yes, yes, I
will tell the truth, I will tell the truth.”
A heavy blot followed, partly covering
the writing. With difficulty, I made it
out:

  "The guilt is mine — mine only. I
loved her too well, yet I was unwilling to
marry, though she entreated me on her
knees — though she kissed my hand. I
told her my scientific work came first.
She did it, herself. I was not expecting
that—I swear I was not expecting it. But
I was afraid the authorities would mis-
understand. So I took what seemed the
best course. She had no friends here who
would inquire.

  "It is waiting outside my door. I feel
it. It compels me, through my thoughts.
My hand keeps on writing. I must not
fall asleep. I must think only of what I

am writing. I must-”

  Then came the words I had seen when
Mrs. Malkin had handed me the book.
They were written very large. In places,
the pen had dug through the paper.
Though they were scrawled, I read them
at a glance:

  "Not the slab in the cellar! Not that!

Oh, my God, anything but that! Any-
thing-”

  By what strange compulsion was the
hand forced to write down what was in
the brain; even to the ultimate thoughts;
even to those final words?

The gray light from outside, slanting
down through two dull little win-
dows, sank into the sodden hole near the
inner wall. The coroner and I stood in
the cellar, but not too near the hole.

  A small, demonstrative, dark man —
the chief of detectives — stood a little
apart from us, his eyes intent, his natural
animation suppressed. We were watch-
ing the stooped shoulders of a police con-
stable, who was angling in the well.

  "See anything, Walters?” inquired the
detective, raspingly.

  The policeman shook his head.

  The little man turned his questioning
to me.

  "You’re quite sure?” he demanded.

  "Ask the coroner. He saw the diary,”
I told him.

  "I’m afraid there can be no doubt,”
the coroner confirmed, in his heavy, tired
voice.

  He was an old man, with lack-luster
eyes. It had seemed best to me, on the
whole, that he should read my uncle’s
diary. His position entitled him to all
the available facts. What we were seek-
ing in the well might especially concern
him.

  He looked at me opaquely now, while
the policeman bent double again. Then
he spoke—like one who reluctantly and
at last does his duty. He nodded toward
the slab of gray stone, which lay in the
shadow to the left of the well.

  "It doesn’t seem very heavy, does it?”
he suggested, in an undertone.

  I shook my head. "Still, it’s stone,” I
BEYOND THE DOOR

419

demurred. “A man would have to be
rather strong to lift it.'*

  "To lift it—yes." He glanced about
the cellar. "Ah, I forgot,” he said,
abruptly. "It is in my office, as part of
the evidence." He went on, half to him-
self: "A man—even though not very
strong—could take a stick—for instance,
the stick that is now in my office—and
prop up the slab, if he wished to look
into the well,” he whispered.

  The policeman interrupted, straighten-
ing again with a groan, and laying his
electric torch beside the well.

  “It's breaking my back,” he com-
plained. "There’s dirt down there. It
seems loose, but I can’t get through it.
Somebody’ll have to go down.”

   The detective cut in, "I’m lighter than
you, Walters.”

   "I’m not afraid, sir.”

   “I didn’t say you were,” the little man
snapped. "There’s nothing down there,
anyway — though we’ll have to prove
that, I suppose.” He glanced truculently
at me, but went on talking to the con-
stable: “Rig the rope around me, and
don’t bungle the knot. I’ve no intention
of falling into the place.”

  "There is something there,” whispered
the coroner, slowly, to me. His eyes left
the little detective and the policeman,
carefully tying and testing knots, and
turned again to the square slab of stone.

  "Suppose—while a man was looking
into that hole—with the stone propped
up — he should accidentally knock the
prop away?” He was still whispering.

  "A stone so light that he could prop
it up wouldn’t be heavy enough to kill
him,” I objected.

  "No.” He laid a hand on my shoul-
der. "Not to kill him—to paralyze him
—if it struck the spine in a certain way.
To render him helpless, but not uncon-
scious. The post mortem would disclose
that, through the bruises on the body.”

  The policeman and the detective had
adjusted the knots to their satisfaction.
They were bickering now as to the details
of the descent.

  "Would that cause death?” I whis-
pered.

  "You must remember that the house-
keeper was absent for two days. In two
days, even that pressure”—he stared at
me hard, to make sure that I understood
—"with the head down-”

  Again the policeman interrupted: "I’ll
stand at the well, if you gentlemen will
grab the rope behind me. It won’t be
much of a pull. I’ll take the brunt of it.”

  We let the little man down, with the
electric torch strapped to his waist, and
some sort of implement—a trowel or a
small spade—in his hand. It seemed a
long time before his voice, curiously hol-
low, directed us to stop. The hole must
have been deep.

  We braced ourselves. I was second,
the coroner last. The policeman relieved
his strain somewhat by snagging the rope
against the edge of the well, but I mar-
veled, nevertheless, at the ease with which
he held the weight. Very little of it came
to me.

   A noise like muffled scratching reached
us from below. Occasionally the rope
shook and shifted slightly at the edge of
the hole. At last the detective’s hollow
voice spoke.

  "What does he say?” the coroner de-
manded.

  The policeman turned his square,
dogged face toward us.

  "I think he’s found something,” he ex-
plained.

  The rope jerked and shifted again.
Some sort of struggle seemed to be going
on below. The weight suddenly in-
creased, and as suddenly lessened, as if
something had been grasped, then had
managed to elude the grasp and slip
away. I could catch the detective’s rapid
420

WEIRD TALES

breathing now, also the sound of inartic-
ulate speech in his hollow voice.

  The next words I caught came more
clearly. They were a command to pull
up. At the same moment, the weight on
the rope grew heavier, and remained so.

  The policeman’s big shoulders began
straining, rhythmically.

  "All together,” he directed. ’’Take it
easy. Pull when I do.”

  Slowly, the rope passed through our
hands. With each fresh grip that we
took, a small section of it dropped to the
floor behind us. I began to feel the strain.
I could tell from the coroner’s labored
breathing that he felt it more, being an
old man. The policeman, however,
seemed untiring.

  The rope tightened, suddenly, and
there was an ejaculation from below—
just below. Still holding fast, the police-
man contrived to stoop over and look.
He translated the ejaculation for us.

  "Let down a little. He’s stuck with it
against the side.”

  We slackened the rope, until the de-
tective’s voice gave us the word again.

  The rhythmic tugging continued. Some-
thing dark appeared, quite abruptly, at
the top of the hole. My nerves leapt in
spite of me, but it was merely the top of
the detective’s head — his dark hair.
Something white came next — his pale
face, with staring eyes. Then his shoul-
ders, bowed forward, the better to sup-
port what was in his arms. Then-

  I looked away; but, as he laid his bur-
den down at the side of the well, the
detective whispered to us:

  "He had her covered up with dirt—
covered up. . .

  He began to laugh — a little, high

cackle, like a child’s—until the coroner
took him by the shoulders and deliberate-
ly shook him. Then the policeman led
him out of the cellar.

IT was not then, but afterward, that I
put my question to the coroner.

  "Tell me,” I demanded. "People pass
there at all hours. Why didn’t my uncle
call for help?”

  "I have thought of that,” he replied.
"I believe he did call. I think, probably,
he screamed. But his head was down,
and he couldn’t raise it. His screams
must have been swallowed up in the
well.”

  "You are sure he didn’t murder her?”
He had given me that assurance before,
but I wished it again.

  "Almost sure,” he declared, "though it
was on his account, undoubtedly, that she
killed herself. Few of us are punished
as accurately for our sins as he was.”

  One should be thankful, even for
crumbs of comfort. I am thankful.

  But there are times when my uncle’s
face rises before me. After all, we were
the same blood; our sympathies had much
in common; under any given circum-
stances, our thoughts and feelings must
have been largely the same. I seem to see
him in that final death march along the
unlighted passageway — obeying an im-
perative summons—going on, step by
step—down the stairway to the first floor,
down the cellar stairs—at last, lifting the
slab.

  I try not to think of the final expiation.
Yet was it final? I wonder. Did the last
Door of all, when it opened, find him
willing to pass through? Or was Some-
thing waiting beyond that Door?
THE stories of Clark Ashton Smith have aroused tremendous enthusiasm in our
readers. Mr. Smith, whose poetry has been one of the brightest features of
Weird Tales, is now hailed by many as a new find in the fiction world be-
cause of the high literary quality and compelling fantasy of his short tales in this
magazine.

   V. P. Miner, of Sacramento, California, writes to the Eyrie: "Just a note of appre-
ciation, nothing more; a man and his work—no matter how great his tasks—must oc-
casionally be compelled to pause now and then and listen for echoes. Lately I have
come upon a story now and then by Clark Ashton Smith. I believe you have recog-
nized an artist and put him to work. His stories have care; there are beauty and art in
every line. His imagination is distinct; the mystery of his background is amazing.
And within it all there exists a philosophy. I believe you have reached out among the
thousands of present-day writers and placed your hands on a real 'find’. I desire to
express the kind sentiments of this household for the rich hours of entertainment that
the stories in Weird Tales have given us.”

   A letter from Frank L. Pollock, of Shedden, Ontario, says: "In looking over a copy
of your magazine I came upon quite an extraordinary story called The Last Incanta-
tion, by Clark Ashton Smith. I have reread it several times* and can not refrain from
writing you to remark upon its very unusual literary quality. It has, in fact, the very
quality of Poe at his best—with perhaps a touch of Lord Dunsany.”

   "The 'hot seat’ wraith story in the June issue was well done,” writes H. G. Rowell
of New York City. "Evidently the author had been there or talked with some one
who had. The autopsy incision clinched the truth of the thing. I judge Sing Sing was
meant.”

   Writes Brush Hatcher of Honolulu, in a letter to the Eyrie: "Permit me to pen a
word of compliment for Seabury Quinn on his clever, amusing Jules de Grandin
stories. He presented a well-handled theme in The Brain-Thief. He manages dialogue
dexterously. You ask your readers to report on the story they preferred in the last
issue. The End of the Story by Clark Ashton Smith struck me as deserving the medal
of honor in the May edition. Smith writes easily, compactly and without affectation.
He has a nice selection of detail, a neat logical plot, and a delightful manner of ex-
position. I shall be pleased to read more of his stories.”

   "I have eagerly secured every issue of Weird Tales since I was first introduced to
it about a year ago by a friend,” writes H. E. Nenzel, of Dundalk, Maryland. "Hav-

                                                                                            421
422

WEIRD TALES

ing seen many readers request reprints of H. P. Lovecraft’s works, I was all excited
when I saw that you had reprinted The Rats in the Walls. For sheer weirdness and
horror this story is hard to beat. Lovecraft is the best of them all, and I would like
to see more reprints of his earlier works, as I missed most of them when first pub-
lished. The scientific stories by Edmond Hamilton are by far the best I have read any-
where, especially his stories about the adventures of the Interstellar Patrol. Your mag-
azine satisfies me in every way as I have always been an avid reader of uncommon
stories."

  Ron H. Donachy, of Kane, Pennsylvania, rushes to the defense of the cover designs,
which have been severely criticized in the Eyrie in recent issues. "While reading in
the Eyrie of the June issue the excellent letter of Bernard Austin Dwyer of Kings-
ton,” he writes, "I hit upon one portion thereof in which I do in no way agree with
the gentleman named. This is in regard to the cover designs, so unjustly termed raw,
rank sex appeal by Mr. Dwyer. Why should not the public mind run along the above
named channels, when we know that we are so beautifully and wonderfully made;
and who has become so unseeing that he can not behold beauty and charm in the sym-
metry of the human form en nude? Does it not portray weird temptation, allure-
ment and mystery of itself? Or perhaps does Mr. Dwyer expea you to portray as a
cover design the loathsome horror of Mr. Lovecraft’s Dunwich Honor or his Silver
Key, or perhaps the terrible phantoms of The Planet of Horror in the June issue,
and have the public turn sick with revulsion from the very sight thereof? No! no! a
thousand times no! For my part I am perfealy satisfied with the cover designs, and
can conceive of no way where any change would be an improvement in the least. I
will agree with H. P. Stiller of New York, that H. P. Lovecraft’s Dunwich Horror is
truly a classic, worthy of being preserved for posterity, as likewise is his Silver Key, of
which much of the subjea matter therein I deem a true history of the mental processes
of the present race and age; and I believe that next or equal to these two great works
of Lovecraft is The Hounds of Tindalos by Frank Belknap Long, Jr., published about
a year ago. I have read these three stories over at least half a dozen times, and I assure
you that when I desire to read something with a thrill and a deep mystery that I can
find nowhere else, I again turn to one of these works; for with each reading I always
find something there that I hadn’t seen before.”

  R. Gage, of Vancouver, British Columbia, writes to the Eyrie: "I am not going to
read any more of your magazines if I find any more of those queer French names like
in The Brain-Thief by S. Quinn. If I liked to hear French names I’d live in France.
Also, I think your stories are not so much weird as they are crazy.”

  "The June issue was certainly fine, probably because it contained a de Grandin
story,” writes Edwin Beard, of St. Louis. “When will I cease to rave over that myth-
ical man? And I do not, as a certain gentleman suggested in the Eyrie, rave over him
because others do. I think for myself, now and always. I would like to read more
for Weird Tales. My personal opinion, and all my professors count it worthy of con-
sideration, is that your magazine has more literary merit for the price than any maga-
zine printed which is devoted chiefly to fiction.”

  Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue? The most popular story in the
July number, as shown by your votes, was the last installment of The Moon of Skulls,
the Solomon Kane story by Robert E. Howard. The Bride of Dewer, by Seabury
Quinn, was a close second to Mr. Howard’s story.
THE EYRIE

423

stories of the Overlord of Cornwall by Doctor Keller. I enjoyed them immensely,
especially No Other Man. The Planet of Horror fell flat for me. It strove to reach
the blood-freezing heights attained in The Space-Eaters but failed utterly. I like my
horrors concrete most of the time, abstract only once in a while. The Rats in the Walls
was certainly chilling, especially the last two columns. Please reprint The Infidel’s
Daughter or The Woman of the Wood. They are nothing less than classics. I am
simply wild over stories like The Girl From Samarcand. I hope more are printed.
And what has become of Greye La Spina? I never see his (or is it her?) stories any
more.” [A new serial by Greye La Spina will begin in our October issue—The Edi-
tors.]

  "I thought the last issue of Weird Tales a particularly strong one,” writes Clark
Ashton Smith. "The gruesome stories, such as In the Borderland and The Frog,
were especially good. But of course die real event was the reprint of Lovecraft’s The
Rats in the Walls. I was pleased to see a story by Long announced for the next issue.
Long has a rare imaginative gift and a distinctive style that is beholden to nobody.”

  "Do you ever get letters from bona fide English teachers?” writes Don C. Hilsing-
er, of St. Louis, Michigan. ''I am one myself, but I am not oae of those teachers who
believe that no literature was written before or after Shakespeare. Neither do I avow
Browning to have been the last real poet. In fact, my favorite poets and authors are
not all dead and what is more I defend them against the invectives of my professors.
On several occasions I have mentioned Weird Tales only to have it scorned as only
a Ph. D. in English can scorn a magazine. Then one day I saw the list of stories that
this Ph. D. was teaching in his short-story class. Ha ha ha! I had read several of
them in Weird Tales and I told him so. He registered a very operatic expression of
surprize and said, ’Is that so?’ Then he proceeded to ponder on the subject for a
while and finally gave his decision to the effect that if you published in your monthly
reprint section such stories as the ones I mentioned, the rest of your stories would
have to be good too, or your readers would object to them by comparison. Score six

MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE SEPTEMBER WEIRD TALES ARE:

     Story Remarks
(1)---------------------------- -----------------------------

(2	)----T---------------------------------------------------------------------------

(3	)---------------------------- -----------------------------

I do not like the following stories:

(1	)____________________________ Why?________________________

(2	)---------------------------- -----------------------------

It will help us to know what kind of stories
you want in Weird Tales if you will
fill out this coupon and mail it to The
Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,
Chicago, 111.

r------------

Reader’s name and address:

I

I----------------------------------

I----------------------------------
424	WEIRD TALES

Another Dracula

                        (Continued from page 336)

they stopped directly under my window
—I could have hit them with a shoe.'*
"Why didn’t you?”

  "Because I preferred to sit and watch
them. Didn’t want to scare them away.”
"But why didn’t you shoot them?”
"The farmer for whom I worked
didn't let any of the farmhands keep
guns. So the two lions finally trotted off
again into the woods.”

  "But that wasn’t the adventure you
were going to tell me about, was it?’*
asked Mary, a bit disappointedly.

  "No," replied Crane. "The adventure
happened the following night. Again I
was lying awake listening to the cries of
the pair, as they called to each other from
range to range. And again the two an-
imals met between the farm and the lake.
But this time their cries then ceased.
What silent devilment were they up to,

I	wondered? And then I heard the pump
stop. It was my turn to go down to the
lake and fix it.”

  "You poor dear,” murmured Mary.
"How old were you?”

  "Only eleven. Naturally I was scared
to death, but I had to go, for it was my
turn. I begged each of the other farm-
hands, one by one, to go with me, but
they all refused; so I lit a lantern and set
off alone through the woods. Not a
sound from the mountain lions. If only
they would howl, so that I could tell
where they were, and what they were up
to! But they kept absolutely silent. Some-
how I reached the lake shore, got the
pump going again, and started bade up
the road toward home. I was just begin-
ning to recover from my stupor of abject
terror, when upon rounding a curve of
the path, I saw in front of me two green
spots of phosphorescent light. Instantly

I	stopped dead in my tracks, absolutely
petrified."

   “I can well believe it," interjected the
girl. “You poor little kid!"

  Dr. Crane continued: "And then the
beast came toward me. At least I judged
that he was coming toward me, for the
two phosphorescent eyes seemed to get
wider and wider apart. In an attempt at
frightening him, I swung my lantern
widely—and the lantern went out. I was
alone in the darkness with that thing up
the road. Yet still the two spots of light
glowed, even though there was now no
lantern for them to reflea. Instinctively I
felt that this was strange, but I was too
scared to do any real thinking on the sub-
ject. Wider and wider apart got the two
eyes. 'What a huge beast this must be!’

I	thought. From a distant ridge there
came the blood-curdling scream of a lion.
Fascinated, I waited for the beast in front
of me to answer its mate. But the answer
came from an entirely different quarter,
far away. ‘Can there be three of them?’

I	wondered. And then, with a flash of in-
spiration, I stepped fearlessly forward,
right between the two eyes which were
facing me. They were nothing but two
glow-worms crawling on the dirt of the
road.”

  “Well of all the yarns!” exclaimed
Mary, a bit exasperated. "Here I have
been getting up a lot of sympathy for you,
and you weren’t any more in danger of
being eaten alive than I am right now.”

  "But I really was frightened, terribly
so," protested the young doctor, a bit
apologetically.

There was a pause, while the two sat
and watched the moonlight on the
gently swaying treetops of the mountain-
side.
WEIRD TALES

425

  Then Mary asked, "You have spoken
of the terrifying scream of the mountain
lions. What was it like? Can you de-
scribe it to me?’'

  "That’s a pretty big order,” laughed

the young doaor, "for a lion’s scream is

different from anything else I have ever

heard. It’s just simply horrible—makes

the hairs stand up on the back of your

neck, and brings out goose-pimples all

over your body. The nearest thing to it

that I ever heard was a little child once,

shrieking with pain in a hospital. It’s—
•i »»
its-

  As he paused, groping in his mind for
a simile, the calm night air was split by
one single ghostly shriek, coming from
the woods just below them on the moun-
tainside.

  Mary’s pale face turned even paler, as
she sat suddenly erea in her chair and
convulsively gripped the doaor’s arm.

  "What—what was that, Ralph?” she
gasped.

  "That,” replied he, "was a mountain
lion.”

  Tensely the two of them awaited a
repetition of the sound. But it never
came. That single fearsome howl was the
only one.

  Gradually they relaxed again.

  "What will you do?” asked the girl
solicitously. "I can’t bear to have you go
home through the woods, now that this
has happened. You might meet that—
that awful thing. And I’m scared to be
left here alone with only the Fosses. You
must stay with me, Ralph. Spend the
night. Please do. Mrs. Foss can fix you
up a cot somehow.”

  So Dr. Crane spent the night in Mary
Morton’s little mountain cabin.

6. Bats and Other Things

OF course, when Herman Fulton
learned that the attraaive young
doaor had spent the night in Mary Mor-

12 Detective
Sto:
N<

   12 Novels
   for $1.00

These are copyright novels by well known
writers. Printed on good paper with illus-
trated covers.

Thrilling Mystery Fiction

Each of these books is an exciting
mystery or detective story. Guaranteed to
hold your interest.

And you get the entire set of twelve
novels for only one dollar! There is no
other charge.

But—you must act immediately! The supply

is limited. Right now, while you think of it,
tear out this advertisement, fill in the coupon
below, and return to us with $1.00 (coin, stamps
or money order). The complete set of twelve
novels will be mailed to you promptly, postage
prepaid.

POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING CO.,

Dept. 59, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, 111.

I encl-ose $1.00. Send me the twelve novels,
postage prepaid, at once. This $1.00 is payment
in full.

Name___________________________

Address_______________________

City---------------State
426

WEIRD TALES

ton’s cabin, he was furious. Even the
fact of the presence of Mr. and Mrs. Foss
in the cabin, as chaperones, did not in the
least mitigate his anger.

  His fiancee had been compromised! He
himself had been made ridiculous! To a
banker or businessman there is nothing
worse than ridicule. Many a man would
let his business go to smash rather than
run the risk of ridicule to save it; and
here was ridicule to no practical end.
Why, it might even result in a run on the
bank!

  The only way to save his face was to
take some drastic action at once. Ac-
cordingly he did. He asked Dr. Crane to
withdraw from the case; and when the
doctor refused to withdraw, Herman fired
him. Herman was in a position to do
this, as he was paying the bills. Old Dr.
Porter was placed in charge, instead.

  The reason for the change, as given
out to such persons as had any right to
ask, was that Dr. Crane had unduly ter-
rified his patient by getting her off in a
lonely shack in the mountains and then
telling her ghost stories. Indeed, Mary
was so frightened by that single unex-
plained piercing scream of a mountain
lion, that she insisted on being moved
back to civilization the very next day.
Altogether, everything fitted in to make
Herman’s explanation sound most plaus-
ible. And really Dr. Crane was open to
considerable censure for telling Mary the
lion story in her condition and location.

  He accepted his removal gracefully,
and conferred lengthily with his successor,
who brought a new viewpoint to the
situation.

  Old Dr. Porter, after a rather cursory
examination of Mary Morton and a study
of the case-history, announced, "This
acute anemia appears to me to be due to
some cause which we haven’t yet fath-
omed. You were probably taught at
Harvard Medical that anemia is a disease,

but the more modern theory seems to be
that it is a mere symptom, the result of
one of a large number of varying causes,
many of which have been run to earth,
but many more of which still remain un-
explained.”

  The younger doctor agreed.

  "I’ll admit,” said he, "that you older
men are apt to be more progressive than
our generation. We accept as gospel
truth what we were taught at the school,
whereas you have been out in practise
long enough to realize how little is
really known of the human body. Hence
you are more open-minded to new ideas
than we. Have you any theory as to the
underlying cause of Miss Morton’s
symptoms?”

   "Not yet,” replied Dr. Porter judicious-
ly, "but I believe that I have at least dis-
cerned the group in which her ailment
falls. Her bloodlessness seems to me to
be due to some organism, some creature
that is sapping her strength. I shouldn’t

wonder-”

  He paused with a bit of embarrassment,
and then went on, "You know, years ago
when I was a young man just out of col-
lege, I made a trip to the Argentine. One
'of the horses, on a ranch where I was
visiting, was taken ill. It grew weak and
emaciated. During the daytime it would
eat ravenously and seem to pick up
strength. But every morning it would be
weak again. I was frankly puzzled, and
was interested in the case from a medical
viewpoint, although I had never felt any
leanings toward veterinary practise. But
my host merely shrugged his shoulders,
and accepted the situation with Spanish
fatalism. Also he did not seem to care to
discuss the case. Whenever I broached
the subject, he would avoid it with a bit
of a shudder, and would make the sign
of the cross. Most of the ranch-hands
acted the same way about the matter.
Finally one of the cowboys, not quite so
WEIRD TALES

427

superstitious as the others, led me to the
horse one evening, and pointed out a huge
bat—'vampire-bats' they call them—
clinging to the horse’s neck, sucking its
life-blood.'*

  "There has been such a bat around
Yankton all summer,” interrupted young

Crane. "Can it be--?”

  "Let me go on with my story,” per-
sisted Dr. Porter. "The bat fled before I
could get my hands on it. I at once in-
quired why they didn’t keep the bat away,
but the cowboy replied, 'It is not possible,
senor, for once a vampire marks its vic-
tim, the victim is doomed.’ But I myself
am not a fatalist. I insisted on putting
the poor horse at once into a carefully
screened shed. Nevertheless the bat got
in and out, and the horse continued to
fail. We blocked every hole, but we
could not cope with the fiendish ingenuity
of that vampire. So, as a last resort, I
persuaded my friend the cowboy—by
means of 'viucho dinero’—to sit up with
the horse and guard it at night; to try and
shoot the bat, if he got a chance.”

  "Did that work?”

   "Yes, it did for a while. The cowboy
didn’t even see the bat again. The horse
rapidly gained in strength, and I was just
about to taunt the Argentinos that the
vampire was not as omnipotent as they
seemed to think, when one morning I
found the cowboy asleep, and the horse
dead, drained nearly bloodless!”

   "But, doctor,” objected Crane, "if any-
thing like that were happening to Mary,
she would know it, and there would be
marks on her throat."

   "Are you sure that there aren’t marks
on her throat?” demanded the older man,
pointedly.

  "N-n-no!” admitted Crane. "Have you
observed any?”

   "I haven’t looked,” Dr. Porter replied.
"This idea hadn’t occurred to me when I
first examined her. And now, frankly, I

NEXT MONTH

The

DRUID’S SHADOW

By SEABURY QUINN

A gripping, powerful story of Druid
sacrifice, and the mystic rites
when the grim, bearded priests took
the lives of beautiful maidens on their
stone akars.

JULES DE GRANDIN, ghost-breaker,
phantom - fighter, scientist and
occultist, never appeared to better ad-
vantage than in this thrilling tale. If
you have not yet made the acquaint-
ance of this most fascinating char-
acter in modern fiction, then you have
a thrill in store for you when you meet
him in "The Druid’s Shadow.” This
story will be published complete in the

October Issue of

WEIRD TALES

On Sale September 1st

Clip and Mail this coupon today]

WEIRD TAXES
840 N. Michigan Ave.,

 Chicago, 111.

 Enclosed find $1 for special S months subscrip-
 tion to “Weird Tales” to begin with the October
 issue ($1.25 in Canada). Special offer void un-
 less remittance is accompanied by coupon.

Name___________________________________

Address________________________________________

City_________________ Stnte__________________
428

WEIRD TALES

don’t care to disturb her, in her present
nervous condition. Nor, for the same
reason, have I mentioned bats to her.
But we shall keep a careful watch, from
now on.”

  "Well, to be equally frank with you,
sir,” asserted young Crane, "I don’t place
much stock in your bat theory. But there
have been a great many strange carryings-
on in Yankton this summer, and nothing
would surprize me very much. Certainly
we don’t yet know what is the underlying
cause of Miss Morton’s illness.”

  So Dr. Porter, following out his hunch,
next interviewed Mary’s father on the
subject.

  'You haven’t seen any vampire-bats
around the house, have you?” he asked
abruptly.

  Pop Morton’s jaw dropped, for he sud-
denly remembered Herman’s weird
theories.

  "Vamp—vampire what?” he gasped.

  It was Dr. Porter’s turn to become
surprized, for Pop’s confusion was clear-
ly indicative of something.

  "Why, what do you mean?” asked the
doctor.

  "Nothing. Nothing,” asserted Pop,
much embarrassed. "No, I haven’t seen
any bats at all.”

  And nothing more could Dr. Porter
pump out of him, except the repeated as-
sertion that he hadn’t seen any bats. Nor
did Pop mention the conversation to
Herman Fulton until much later.

Mary continued to waste away, recov-
ering a bit sometimes for a week or
so at a stretch, only to fall still lower the
next time that a relapse set in.

  Meanwhile Dr. Crane’s patients stead-
ily deserted him, one by one. It soon
became evident to the young doctor that
Herman Fulton, not content with remov-
ing him from the Morton case, was in-
sidiously and persistently bringing to bear

the bank’s influence to drive him out of
town, until at last the day came when the
young doctor was unable to meet a pay-
ment on the mortgage on his own estab-
lishment, and was refused an extension
by the banker.

  Fulton then placed his cards on the
table by offering a handsome settlement
for the equity, if Dr. Crane would move
out of town; and so Dr. Crane moved.

  For some time past, one of the New
York hospitals had been angling for
Dr. Crane’s services, and now he accepted
the offer.

  Herman magnanimously permitted him
to say good-bye to Mary. The farewell
was touching, though brief. Not a word
was said to let the girl know that Crane
was the victim of her fiance’s jealousy.

  "I’ve a splendid opening in New
York,” reported the young doctor, "and
so I am reluctantly leaving Yankton to
take it. But the real impelling reason is
that New York will give me an oppor-
tunity to read up on anemia, and I hope
to find out some way of curing you. If I
succeed, I shall be very glad that I left.
In any event, please remember that I shall
always be your devoted friend. Please,
please call on me, if you ever need help.”

  Seizing her hand, he held it tightly for
a moment, and then left abruptly. There
were tears in the eyes of both of them.

Immediately on his arrival at his new
job, Dr. Crane hunted up the member
of the hospital staff who was supposed to
know the most about anemia; and through
his suggestions, plunged into a line of
evening reading in the medical alcove of
the New York Public Library.

  He wrote Mary Morton once—merely
a brief note, giving her his address, and
expressing a hope that she was better.

  It was not long before a solution of
Mary’s case began to dawn on him. He
found that, as old Dr. Porter had stated,
WEIRD TALES

 the modem trend of opinion is that
 anemia is always secondary. He found, to
 his surprize, that even more of the pri-
 mary causes of that disease had been
 worked out and pinned down than Dr.
 Porter had intimated.

   The enthusiastic young researcher com-
 pared each of the known features of the
 girl’s case-history with the ear-marks of
 each of these various primary causes, one
 by one, until at last he hit upon what
 seemed to him to be unquestionably the
 uniquely correct solution.

   Dr. Porter had been very nearly right
 in his surmise. There was now a chance
 to save Mary. So Ralph Crane rushed off
 the following letter by special delivery:

 Dr. Jeremiah Porter,

 Yankton, Pa.

 My dear old friend,

    I believe that I have at last hit upon the under-
 lying cause of Miss Morton’s condition. Her
 symptoms, her case-history, and the situation at
 Yankton seem to fit the specifications exactly. You
 were quite right in your hunch that she is the vic-
 tim of a parasitic organism, but I do riot believe
 that it is a vampire-bat.

    The books describe a form of anemia, very
 similar to hers, and often found in mining com-
 munities. It is due to a parasitic worm, the
 ankylostomum duodenale, which inhabits damp
 places, especially underground mines.

    The symptoms are very similar to those of
 pernicious anemia, for which we have been treat-
 ing her; that is to say, successive remissions and
 relapses, with the nervous symptoms very marked.

    May I suggest santonin for a time, in place of
 blaud?

    Let me know how the dear girl is.

Respectfully,

                       Ralph Crane, M. D.

   Then anxiously he awaited an answer.
 It came back two days later by wire:

    Diagnosis too late. Mary died Monday. Funeral
 three o’clock tomorrow.

                                     J. Porter.

7. Haunted

 IT was already "tomorrow” when the
 telegram arrived, announcing Mary
 Morton’s death. Crane, stunned and
 heartbroken by the news, hailed a taxicab
 and rushed to the Pennsylvania station,

Shhhhhhft

 Shhhhhh

  Shhhh

      What was the weird cry that made
      Gloria tremble? What phantom
      sought to lead the supposed Van
      Mortimer, king of Wall Street, to a
      weird coffin?

         A mystery story that defies imag-
      ination in its unusual treat of being
      truly unusual.

      V Slater U Master

*****

 Mail $2 to WEIRD TALES, Book Dept. L,
 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, and this
 book will be mailed to you postpaid.

Banish the craving for tobacco as

thousands have. Make yourself free
and happy with Tobacco Redeemer.
Not a substitute, not habit forming.

 Write for free booklet telling of in-
 jurious effect of tobacco and dep
 able, easy way to relieve
 the craving many men have.
 Newell PharmacalCo.

 Dept. 917, ClSyton, Mo.

 FREE

 BOOK

HUNDREDS SEEKING MARRIAGE

 If you are lonely and sincere X can arrange a ro-
 mantic correspondence that will help you to And
 your ideal in a CONFIDENTIAL and dignified
 manner. Just the opportunity you have been
 awaiting. Pull particulars for stamp. -Mrs. P.
 Willard, 3004 N. Clark St., Chicago, 111.

lONBlY? WANTS NEW FRIENDS OK A LIFE

 Partner? We can help you. Reliable, confidential
 introductory service for ladies and gentlemen. Write.
 Get-Acquainted Correspondence Club, B-1251, Denver,
 Colo.

 POSITIONS—ABOARD OCEAN LINERS; SEE THE

 world. Experience unnecessary; Details free. Mr.
 Arculus, Box 292, Mount Vernon, N. Y.

  Founders TEMPLE OF TRUTH (INC.)

 Prof. Carl D. Oaks, Pres., Dr Annette Dolly Oaks,
 Sec'y & Treas. Demonstrators of East India Occult-
 ism. Are you groping in the dark? We can show you
 the light. Realize your future, know what to do, by
 sending your name in full, also date and month of
 birth. Ten questions answered. Mail one dollar
 money order or currency. Address:

         TEMPLE STUDIO
3X69 Southport Aye.	Chicago, III.
430

WEIRD TALES

only to find that there was no train which
could possibly get him to Yankton in time
for the funeral. So he sent some flowers
by telegraph, and gave himself up to an
afternoon of bitter recrimination.

  He had failed the girl he loved. Oh,
if he had but worked faster and to more
purpose, and had found out the cause of
her trouble before that knowledge was
too late to save her! Of course, his diag-
nosis might not be correct; and even if
correct, it might not have enabled him to
cure her. But there had been a chance,
and that chance was now lost forever.

  Later a letter arrived from Dr. Porter,
but it didn’t throw much more light on
the situation. Maries and blood had been
found on Mary’s throat, but the girl had
insisted that they had been due to her
scratching a particularly vexatious wood-
tick bite, which she had acquired in the
mountain cabin. A constant guard had
been set over her, but no bat or other
animal had approached her, except a
stray black cat which had jumped over her
bed on the day of her death. The huge
gray bat had been seen around town occa-
sionally, but not near the Morton house.
It all sounded rather banal and silly, when
set down in blade and white on paper;
but, in view of the previous conference
between the two'doctors, Dr. Porter said
that he felt duty-bound to state all these
details. He expressed no opinion about
the ankylostomum duodenale, except to
thank Dr. Crane for the suggestion, and
to express an appreciation for the young-
er man’s zeal, persistency and thorough-
ness at research. All of which was most
unsatisfying.

  Young Crane was crushed, stunned
and broken-hearted. His Mary was dead!
His Mary was dead!

  At last he realized that what he had
mistaken for merely warm affection for

the girl, had really been love. Oh, if he
had but realized this in time!

  It was his fault! Her death was all his
fault! He ought to have asserted himself,
have declared his love, and have dragged
her away from Yankton to New York,
where she could have had adequate medi-
cal attention.

  For about a week, he drove his numbed
brain and weary body. During working
hours, his hospital duties afforded him
some measure of forgetfulness of his
grief; but at night there was no relief.
He walked many miles every evening.
Then he would lie awake in bed, the
prey of bitter recrimination, until at last
sleep came, but not oblivion, for even his
sleep was tortured by dreams of what
might have been.

  And then one night, about midnight,
he suddenly awakened with a feeling that
there was someone in his room. He was
thoroughly frightened, even before he
started to awake; and yet he could not
remember any dream which could be re-
sponsible for this feeling. Merely he
waked up already scared, and with no
apparent cause.

  The room was quite light from the re-
flection of an advertising sign near by,
and so he could distinctly see everything
in the room. By the foot of the bed there
stood a young girl clad in white, smiling
down on him.

  It was Mary—or Mary’s ghost! But it
couldn’t be her ghost, for there are no
such things as ghosts. So it must be Mary
herself. But Mary was dead. But she
couldn’t be dead, for here she was. What
was she doing in New York City? And
in his room! And at this time of night!
His Mary, at last! Could it be true?

  “Mary!” he gasped.

  "Yes, Ralph,” the figure replied, "it is
Mary. I have come to you for help, be-
cause Herman doesn’t seem to under-
stand. Night after night I have tried to
WEIRD TALES

431

 get Herman to help me; but he only
 cringes, and makes the sign of the cross,
 and says horrid things to me, which I
 don’t understand. He calls me undead’.
 Of course I’m undead! I’m alive, as alive
 as you are; but somehow he says the word
 'undead’ as though it meant something
 else, something terrible and unclean. I
 can’t understand him, and he refuses to
 understand me. But you will help me,
 won’t you? You promised me, you
 know.”

   "Of course I’ll help you, Mary dear!”
 he exclaimed. "But what are you doing
 in New York? Just step into my sitting-
 room for a moment, until I get some
 clothes on.”

   She smiled wanly.

   "I’m not in New York, Ralph,” she
 replied. "I’m buried six feet deep in a
 cold dark grave in the Yankton cemetery.
 But I’m not dead. I’m sure of that. Some-
 times I lie for hours in that awful padded
 coffin. Sometimes I sleep. Sometimes I
 lose my hfad, and shriek and struggle in
 the darkness, trying to tear the box away
 and get out. And sometimes I think very
 calmly and steadily of some place, usually
 Herman’s room, until suddenly I find my-
 self there. Then I plead with him to help
 me; but he repulses me, and drives me
 back into the grave again. I feel that I
 can’t stand it much longer. Either my
 strength or my wits will give out, and
 then I shall be really dead.”

   It was quite clear to Dr. Crane that the
 poor girl was out of her mind. She had
 probably been in a cataleptic trance, had
 escaped from the coffin on the very eve
 of burial, and had closed and locked the
 box, perhaps even filling it with books
 so that her absence would not be noticed.
 Insane people are quite often diabolically
 clever in such ways. He remembered,
 from his recent extensive reading, that
 anemia often results in either catalepsy or

DAM-ZINE

For Sick Glands Caused From Age
Abuse, Disease, Etc.

   A product of medical research prescribed by
 Physicians in the treatment of starved glands.
 You take no chances and waste no money. Sat-
 isfaction guaranteed or money refunded. We in-
 vite correspondence with Physicians. Packed 25
 Dam-Zines, $1.00, 200 for $5.00. A $1.00 order
 now moans a $5.00 order later. Special Physi-
 cians offer 1,000 Dam-Zines for $21.25. All goods
 sent in plain sealed package postpaid. No
 C. O. D. Send cash or money order and expect
 Dam-Zines by first return mail. No delay. Write
 now. All correspondence confidential.

DAM-ZINE LABORATORIES CO.

P. O. Box 101	Columbus, Ohio

   To Any Suit!

   ‘ Double the life of your
   coat and vest with correctly
   matched pants. 100,000 patterns.

          pair hand tailored to your measure; no

   ___jmadea.’* Our match Bent FREE for you*

    O. K. before panta are made. Pit guaranteed.
    Send piece off oloth or veat today.

   SUPERIOR MATCH PANTS COMPANY
   HI So. Dearborn Street, Dept. 484,

YOU MEN WHO LACK VIGOR
TRY THIS TEST AT OUR RISK!

777 FORMULA ~

 Composed of ACTUAL
 GLAND MATERIALS and
 stimulative tonic-tablet form.,

 Send $2 fora full strength pack-
 age. Absolute Satisfaction ,

 GUARANTEED or Money (

 Refunded. You Take No Risk. .

 2 Pull Packages for 93.00 THE
 CERES CO. WT-16, 830 Area St.. Phlla.. Fa.

BIG MAGIC BOOK lOo

 Amaze and Mystify! “Book of 1.000
 Wonders” explains many startling
 tricks you can do. Also catalogs big
 line Magic, Jokes, Puzzles, etc. 100
 pages. Write today 1 LYLE DOUGLAS,
 STATION A-6, DALLAS. TEXAS.

Friends Everywhere, Job Our Letter

 club for ladies and gentlemen. Information and
 Magazine for stamp, D. Lacey Bros,, Medina, N, Y.

QUIT

TOBACCO

             TREATMENT
             STOPS

Tobacco Habit

Quickly bar* jes ell craving for tobacco. Write today
for Free Book telling how to quickly Free yourself from
the tobacco habit and our Money Back Guarantee.

THE KEELEY INSTITUTE

KEELEY.
432

WEIRD TALES

Make More
Money

The PSYCHO-PHONE Way

Here are typical results
reported by users

"My »alary increased from tSOO to $318 per month."

"In eix weeks it increased my husband'* salary S0%

 How are results like these brought about? By direct-
 ing the meat powers of the unconscious mind. These
 powers are the real source of achievement. Control
 them and. there is no reasonable wish that may not be
 fulfilled.

The Psycho-Phone
Latest Triumph of Science

 Tbe Psycho-Phone is an automatic suggestion ma-
 chine. It directs your unconscious mind during sleep—
 to any end that you desire. What do you want of life ?
 Here are some further statements from actual users of
 the Psycho-Phone, illustrating the great variety of pur-
 poses for which it is employed: "I have overcome a
 great fear and inferiority complex”—“In two months it
 cured me of constipation and doubled my practice"
 (from a doctor)—“It made me look much younger and
 greatly increased the growth of my hair”—"It greatly
 increased my vigor." etc.

Send for Free Book

“MIND POWER”

 While the Psycho-Phone may seem a revolutionary
 invention, it actually is simply a modern, scientific
 means of harnessing the working principles utilized by
 the Superman of all the ages. These principles are
 explained in a valuable Free Bode that is worth sending
 for. Mail coupon or write. No cost or obligation.

THE PSYCHO-PHONE
COMPANY, Inc.

103 Lafayette St.,	New York City

 IVjclw-l’hon# Co., Inc., Dept. *-9
 103 Lafayette St. New York. N. I.

 Kindly send me without any obligation on my part, free copy of
 "Miod Power"' and lull details about the Psycho-Phone.

Adiratat---------------------------------------

City__________________________State--------------

 insanity, so why not both? It was the only
 plausible solution!

  His heart went out to her in a wave of
masculine protectiveness. Here was a
chance for him to give to the girl he
loved the expert hospital care which she
had lacked in Yankton, and to restore to
her both her health and her sanity. Then
let Herman try and get her away from
him!

  As the young doctor groped in his
mind for soothing words to quiet her hys-
teria, she spoke again, "You will help me,
won’t you, Ralph? I frighten poor dear
Herman so! He is beginning to get pale
and anemic just like I was. Last night he
had another man sleeping with him, and
so I can’t go there any more. It em-
barrasses me.”

  "Of course I’ll help you,” reassured-
Dr. Crane. "Now if you'll just sit down
for a moment in the next room, I'll be
right with you.”

  "Thank you, Ralph,” said she. "Good-
bye. Come quickly! Very quickly!”

  He rubbed his eyes. She was no longer
there! And yet he had not seen her leave
the room.

  Dr. Crane got up and dressed, and
walked the streets of New York until
morning. He did not dare to go to sleep
again, and thus establish the possibility
that he had merely dreamed what had
just happened to him.

  He was standing eagerly on the steps
of the Public Library when it opened at
nine o’clock. As the doors were unlocked,
he rushed to the medical stacks, where he
plunged into a new line of reading,
namely, "cataleptic trances.”

  By noon a smile of grim determination
had settled over his features, and he had
wired to Dan Callahan, the Yankton taxi-
driver, to meet him at the Limited.

   The startling: events at the opening of Mary Mor
ton’s grave will be described in the closing: chapter*
of this story in next month’s WEIRD TALES.

W. T.—9
IT IS NOT
    TOO LATE

      to read one of the most popular stories that
      has been printed in this magazine to date.
      Through popular demand we have published
      a cloth-bound edition of “The Moon Terror,”
      by A. G. Birch, to fulfill the wishes of those
      who were not fortunate enough to read this
      startling story when it appeared serially in
      the early issues of Weird Tales.

 If you haven’t
read this book of
shuddery horror
and utter weird-
ness we know you
have missed some-
thing that is really
worth while.

 This book is
beautifully bound
in rich blue cloth
with attractive or-
ange-colored jack-
et. It will make a
valuable addition
to your library.

             EAD the thrilling adventures
of Dr. Ferdinand Gresham, the
.eminent American astronomer,
in his encounters with^ Kwo-Sung-
tao, high priest of the 'Seuen-H’sin
(the Sect of Two Moons). The
Seuen-H’sin are the sorcerers of
China, and the most murderously
diabolical breed of human beings on this earth. Each
turn of the page increases the suspense when you fol-
low Dr. Gresham to take part in the hellish ceremonies
in the Temple of the Moon God—wheh he crosses the
Mountains of Fear—half starves on the dead plains of
Dzunsz’chuen—swims the River of Death—sleeps in the
Caves of Nganhwiu, where the hot winds never cease
and the dead light their campfires' on their journey to
Nirvana. Here is a story that will thrill you.

  Send for this fascinating book at once. Special pub-
lishers’ price $1.50 postpaid.

Book Dept. M-29,

WEIRD TALES,

840 N. Michigan Ave.,

Chicago, Illinois
PERHAPS you think that taking
music lessons is like taking a
dose of medicine. It isn’t any
longer!

  As far as you’re concerned, the
old' days of long practice hours
with their horr; 1 scales, hard-work
exercises, and expensive personal
teachers’ fees are over and done
with.

 You have no excuses—no alibis
whatsoever for not making your
start toward musical good times
now'.

  For, through a method that removes
the boredom and extravagance from
music lessons, you can now learn to play
your favorite instrument entirely at
home—without a private teacher- in
half the usual time—at a fraction of
the usual cost.

  Just imagine ... a method that has
made the reading and playing of irosie
so downright simple that you don't
have to know one note
from another to begin.

 Do you wonder that
this remarkable way of
learning music has al-
ready betn vouched for
by over a half-million
people in all parts of
the world ?

 Easy As Can Be

  The lessons come to you
by mail from the famous
U. S. School of Music.

They consist of complete
printed instructions, dia-
grams, and all the music
you need. You study
with a smile. One week
you are learning a
dreamy wait?— the next
you are mastering a

stirring march. As the les-
sons continue they prove
easier and easier. For instead
of just scales you are always learning
to play by actual notes the classic fa-
vorites and the latest syncopation that
formerly you only listened to.

  And you're never in hot water. First,
you are told how a thing is done. Then
a picture shows you how, then you do it
yourself and hear it. No private teacher
could make it clearer or easier.

  Soon when your friends say “please
play something/* you can surprise and
entertain them with pleasing melodies
on your favorite instrument. You’ll find
yourself in the spotlight—popular every-
where. Life at last will have its silver
lining and lonely hours will vanish as
you play the ‘*hlues” away.

 New Friends. Better Times

  If you’re tired doing the heavy looking-
on at parties—if always listening to
others play has almost spoiled the pleas-
ure of music for you—if you’ve been en-
vious because they could entertain their
friends and family—if learning music
has always been one of
those never-to-come-true
dreams, let the timey*
proven and tested home-
study method of the U.
S. School of Music come
to your rescue.

  Don’t be afraid to be-
gin your lessons at once.
Over half a million peo-
ple learned to play this
modern way—and found
it easy as A-B-C. Forget
that old-fashioned idea
that you need special
"talent.” Just read the
list of instruments in the
panel, decide which one
you want to play, and
the U. S. School of Music
will do th* rest. And
bear in mini? no matter

which instrument you choose, the cost
in each case will average tht. «me—just
a fewcentsaday. No matter ^ hether you
are a mere beginner or already a «*ood
performer, you witl be inter*«ted in
learning about this new and w<md**rf’./.
method.

Send for Our Free Bcok and
Demonstration Losson

  Car wonderful illustrated Free Book
and our Free Demonst ration Lesson ex-
plain all about this remarkable method.
They prove just how anyone car leirn
to play his favorite instrument by note
in a'most no time and for ;ust. a frac-
tion of what old slow methotfte cost. The
booklet will also tell you all al’out the
amazing new Automatic Firmer Control.

  Read the list of instruments to the
left, decide which you svant to play, and
the U. S. School of Music will do the rest.
Act NOW. Clip and mail this coupon to-
day, and the fascinating Free Book and
Free Demonstration Lesson will be pent
to you at once. No obligation. Inst ru-
ments supplied when need* d, cash or
credit. U. S. School of Music, 469
Brunswick Bldg.. New York City.

U. S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC

4F9 Brunswick Bldg., New York City

  Please send mo your free book, "Music Les-
son? in Your Own Home," with introduction
by Dr. Frank Crane, Free Demonstration Les-
son and particulars of your easy payment plan.
I interested in the following course:

                        Have You

_______________________Instr?---------

Natae.

AdJress-

City_______________— State

 Pick Your Inttriimeut

 Plano	Vlollw

 Organ	Clartnet

 Ukulele F'ute
 Cornet	Saxophone

 Trcmbone Harp
 Piccolo Mandolin
 Guitar	'Cello

Hawaiian Steel Guitar
Sight Singing
Piano Accordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Voice and Speech
Culture
Harmony and
Composition
Drum* and Traps
Automatic Finger
Control
Banjo (Plectrum, £•
String or Tenor)

To those who think
  Learning Music is hard-