WEEK

Complete in This Issue

L JacksoE

  Gfegoi"!

tAuihop of

‘S^eSkortCut

Voff-BreeCe*
 *2 5 22 Smart Serge SUIT K

Pure Silk Lined yourdrneasure

 New York Styles
 Direct by Mail
 At V3 Saving

 AS an introductory demonstration of
our value-giving, the Bell Tailors
of New York will make you a smart
$25 serge suit of American Woolen
Company’s 6055 pure all-wool worsted
serge—guaranteed fast color—for $15.

     We will line it with Skinner’s guaranteed pure
     silk. In fact, we will use the best standard
     materials in every step of its making. We will
     guarantee it to be the best-fitting, best-tailored,
     best-styled suit you have ever had for at least
     a third more price than we ask.

       This is but one of the Seventy-two exceptional
     values we offer in our catalog of smart. New York
     made-to-measure clothes.

    New Style Book L' I ) I? I ?
    and 72 Samples ^ Ja.L1<J_/

        Bell Tailors of New York are the largest direct
      mail order tailoring concern in the world— H7 years
      making clothes for smart dressers of America.

        Our only salesman is our catalog, which we send
      with samples and complete outfit with which you
      can take your own measure. We have no agents or
      out-of-town representatives of any kind. We deal
      direct with the consumer by mail, eliminating all
      in-between costs and expenses. That is why we
      can save you one-third.

Money-Back Guarantee

    We guarantee to fit you perfectly from tlie measurements
 you send us and to satisfy you in every respect. You are the
 sole judge, and if you are not entirely satisfied with the clothes
 we make you,we will carefully refund every cent of your money. /

/ ^

        Let us send you our new style book and 72
        cloth samples. It places you under no obhga- / &
        tion to buy, but will show you how to save / t}'®' ^
        one-third of your clothes money. Write to-night. / cy’

                                                           ' Jv

Bell Tailors of New York

Dept. A, 127 Walker Street, New York
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Pay Only $1 • Examination

IfreeH

IF YOU ORDER QUICK

Mail Coupon

and keep the shirts. Then pay us the $4 balance in four monthly payments of $1 each
until our special introductory price of $5 for the three shirts is paia.

     You will be amazed at the striking beauty, the beautiful color combi nations, the neat coat-style cut and the
latest double French Roll cuffs. Any one of these shirts would cost you from $2.50 to $3.00 each at any haber-
daehery—our price is only $5.00 for all three.

We leave the decicion entirely with you. You’re
the sole judge. Decide for yourself, after you
see them, whether you want to keep them. If

not, send them back at our expense and you’re_____

not out one cent. No obligation whatever. You M	b *******

risk absolutely nothing.	§ 5tam©y«icog©rs company?

Qnnorfi Pnmhi 1 1015 Jackson Blvd., Dept.-27 Chicago, III.

uUpCiU UOmDI- / Send me the three Shirts. I agree to ex-
inn Qpf # amine them, and, if I decide to keep them,
IldUUII OCl J will pay $1 ae first payment and then pay

/balance in 4 monthly payments of $1 each.
Send along the combination set as a free
limited time oniy, we win »euu aiun^ as a iree gift. If I decide not to keep the shirts, I
gentleman’s combination set—scarf pin, cuff / will return entire outfit to you at

Name .

        scarf retainer, made of pure rolled gold plate
 set with a sparkling genuine rhinestone ex-
 illustrated. Rich, striking design. Comes i
 Plush-Lined Box. Sent absolutely m
 shirts—mail coupon at once and get /
 your set now—send no money.	-

STANLEY-ROGERS COMPANY, / Address

       Jackson Blvd. Dept. 27 Chicago. Ill, j j

/ City.........

your expense. Size of collar I wear .

                        ..State..

     Here is the most remarkable shirt bargain ever made. Your chance to get these three
rich, lustrous, striped shirts of exquisite sheen—luxuriously soft and beautiful—on the
most liberal terms ever offered. Don’t send a cent in advance. Send the coupon and we’ll
send you three shirts of any size—for your free inspection. If you are satisfied that they
are the finest shirts you ever saw at anywhere near our price,

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Ai.j.-Stoky Webklt.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

fA.W. Wicks,

E. E.

  Formerly with
  the General
  Electric Com-

   f yany; former General
   Manager of company
   manufacturing Jen-
   ney Electric Motors;
   also formerly icithFair*
   banka, Morse & Co.',
   now Consulting En-
   gineer and Director
   k k of the Wicks Elec-
   trical Institute.

           ft f’t wtf n i\\

  Earn $2500 to $4000 a Year

       Your CHANCE has come! Your chance for big money. Your
  chance to do the kind of work you’ll be proud of. Your chance to go
  into business for yourself. Think of it! Y ou can now qualify AT HOME
  for that most wonderful of all fields open to the ambitious man—the great
  field of ELECTRICITY! ”
  what
  CIA

  I’ll do it so quickly and with so little effort on your part that you’ll
     wonder how it was possible.

 LEARN AT HOME

        What if you don’t know a thing about electricity! What if
     : you’ve never had a bit of electrical experience. All I ask is that you
     \give me a little of your spare time. I will instruct you personally and

      make the whole matter so simple for you that you can’t help but learn. You don’t
      have to buy a lot of books or equipment. You can master MY personal instructions
      easily right at home. I’ve solved this question of teaching- electricity. I’ll show
      you I have by giving you 20 personal lessons ABSOLUTELY FREE. Almost
      from the very first instructions you will have the knowledge and skill to do
      practical, electrical work—work that you can demand good money for doing.

      You can earn as you learn—more than pay for your instruction as you go along.

Be An Electrician

        Think! When you have finished my instructions you are an EXPERT
        ELECTRICIAN! You are right then and there ready to take a big paying
        job or start in for yourself. I will train you until you consider yoursel:

       competent regardless of the time it takes. I not only show you how to do expert electrical
       Work but show you how to estimate on jobs bo you can take contracts at big profits. That’s
       what it means to be personally trained by a man of my practical experience in every
       J phase of electricity. Decide today to take advantage of my big free 20 personal lessons
       offer. Don’t let the question of money bother you. 1 make the cost bo small and the
       payments bo easy that you won't miss the money.

 UCjU *■/ m ulTEn Wherever you go there’s always urgent demand
 frrllv u m-LW for Expert Electricians and at big pay. That’s
 because the watchword of the age is, “DO IT ELECTRICALLY.” Electricity advances
 eo fast that there’s a big shortage of competent electricians. And the demand is constantly increasing every day.

 20 Complete Lessons FREE!

    That’s the sensational offer I am making now to a few more ambitious men. Jr Sena this
I make it for two reasons. 1st. To show you how easy my personal instruc- f . wwu?i?s 1
tions are to master. 2nd. To secure quick action on the part of a few J e. e.. Director,
more prospective students. This offer means that you get 20 complete >'.whcks elec. institute.
personal lessons ABSOLUTELY FREE! But you must act quick. S3ept. 276 Chicago, ui!
The offer closes in 23 days. Send coupon or postcard at once. I’ll f without any obligation on
send full particulars immediately. Mail coupon today—sure! f full description of yourpersonal

                                                                           /► instructions in Electricity and

   81 West Randolph St., Dept. 276 Chicago, III. /

C Name........................................

___/

C7TK	f Street and No....................................

^ City........................ ............State...........

In answering this advertisement it it desirable that yon mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

Vol. LXVIII

% «3> %

2d

CONTENTS FOR MARCH 3, 1917

2E

Number 3

 r^v n'vv.......

& ^

                             ONE novelette                            
The Fire Flower ....                                         ft . 353 
                                        FOUR CONTINUED STORIES        
        His Temporary Wife . . .    . . . .. Robert Ames Bennet . 406 
  A Five-Part Story --- Part Two                                      
                                                                . 432 
A Five-Part Story --- Part Three                                      
          The Sin That Was His .                                . 464 
  A Six-Pait Story --- Part Four                                      
        The Argus Pheasant . . .                                . 498 
 A Five-Part Story --- Part Five                                      
five short stories                                                    
The Man Who Was Dead             . . . . Helen Topping Miller . . 400 
A "Different ” Story                                                  
Bread Upon the Waters . .                                       . 425 
Luck........                                                    . 458 
The Blue Paper ....                                             . 492 
                                                                . 518 
VERSE

Pan in Town......Harry R. Lee 399 | Land o’ the Leal......Chart Pitt 431

 Sixty Days After Christmas . . . J. Edward Tufft 463

Heart to Heart Talks......The Editor.....525

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY, 8 WEST FORTIETH STREET, NEW YORK, and TEMPLE HOUSE, TEMPLE AVENUE, E. C., LONDON

 Fbanb A. Monbky, President	Kiohabd H. Tithkbinuton, Secretary	Ohbistophkr H. Pops, Treasurer

Single copies, 10 cents. By the year, $4.00 In United States, Its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba ; $6.00 to Canada, and $7.00 to Foreign
Countries. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal money order. Currency should not be sent unless registered

I88UKD WEEKLY. COPYRIGHT, 1917, BY THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY

 ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFICE AS SECOND CLASS MAIL MATTER—COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
 is to put the reader in touch imme-
 diately with the newest needfuls for
 the home, office, farm, or person; to
 offer, or seek, an unusual business
 opportunity, or to suggest a service
 that may be performed satisfactorily
 through correspondence. It will pay
 a housewife or business man equally
 well to read these advertisements
 carefully.

 Classified Adver-
 tising Rates in
 The Munsey Magazines

                        Line RaU.

  Munsey’s Magazine . $2.00 \ Special

 The Argosy.....1.30) *

  Railroad Man’s Maga-
  zine .......

  All-Story Weekly . , .60 \

$4.70,

' Combination
  Line Rate
  $4.49
  Less 3* cash
  discount.

MarCh 31st All-Story Weekly Forms Close March 10th.

“ A New Force In Bust nestn it a booklet that telle how to
advertise successfully in the Classified Department of the
Munsey Magatines. Mailed anywhere on request.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 $50 A WEEK UP. ALL THE FREE CLOTHES YOU
WANT TO WEAR simply to advertise us. Write today for
self-measuring blanks, style chart, big book of samples, etc.
Send no money. A postal card brings all. We pay expressage
on everything. American Woolen Mills Co., Dept. 301, Chicago.

 BIG TEXTILE MILLS WANT AMBITIOUS MEN AND
WOMEN EVERYWHERE to show latest dress fabrics, neck-
wear, hosiery, underwear, and sweaters. 400 styles. Easy
sales. Values beat stores. Many making over $30 weekly. All
or spare time. Complete sample outfit starts you. Steadfast Mills,

84 Remsen Street. Cohoes, N. Y._

  AGENTS MAKE MORE MONEY.—A Linro Agent invests $10
and handles Coffee, Flavorings, Spices, Perfumes, Soaps and 135
other Products, all sold on Money-Back Guarantee. Big Profits.
Congenial, steady work. Get my Free Catalog and Money-Making
Particulars. H. N. Marple, Pres., ,2 Linro Bldg., St. Lpuis, Mo.

  AGENTS—With Selling Experience to sell direct to consumer
made-to-measure suits $12.50 and $16.50; if you want inde-
pendent business with money answer at once before territory
is taken. Outfits furnished free. Midland Tailoring Company,

Dept. F-57, 19 S. Fifth Avenue,_Chicago._

 AGENTS NOT EARNING $900 YEARLY SHOULD LET US
SHOW THEM how to make much more. We train the inexpe-
rienced. Write today. Novelty Cutlery Co., 109 Bar Street,
Canton, Ohio.________

 FREE SAMPLE WITH PARTICULARS. NO SPLASHING
WATER STRAINERS. Easy seller. Returns big. Experience
unnecessary. A. E. Union Filter Co., New York.

  Armstrong Earned $67.50 First Day selling our new business

necessity. Retails $5.00 to $30.00. Agents profit 150%. Buyer
satisfied or money back. No competition. Exclusive territory.
Free Sample. Sayers Co., 421 Wainwright, St. Louis, Mo.

  AGENTS WANTED—Agents Make 500 Per Cent Profit selling
our Auto Monograms and Initials, Window Sign Letters, Change-
able Signs, and Show Cards. 1000 Varieties, Enormous Demand.
Sullivan Co., 1122 Van Buren Street, Chicago, 111.

  GET DAVIS’ LATEST PROPOSITION! $15.00 daily a cinch.
No matter how often you have answered my advertisements
in last 20 years, get my 1917 “ Prosperity " Offer. E. M. Davis,

Dept. 58, 906 Lake, Chicago._

  “WASHWHITE” Cleans Clothes Without Rubbing. Big
profit on quick sales and repeat business. Valuable Premiums.
Free samples. Exclusive territory. Unusual selling helps. Write
for our offer. The Nacma Co., Dept. G-ll, 20 W. Lake St., Chicago.

 WE PAY $80 MONTHLY SALARY

and furnish rig and expenses to introduce guaranteed poultry
and stock powders. Bigler Company, X501, Springfield, 111.

~BIG MONEY SELLING PHYSICAL CULTURE BOOK.

Sample on receipt of 15c. We also have other books that are
winners. Write for particulars. Charles Goldman A Co.,
424 S. Dearborn Street, Chicago, HI._

 DO YOU WANT AGENTS AND SALESMEN TO SELL
YOUR MERCHANDISE? Men and women who are educated in
personal salesmanship and know the house-to-house, office, and
store canvassing proposition. These advertisers are getting
them year in and year out, and there are thousands more
for you among the 5,000,000 readers of The Munsey
Magazines. Our Classified Service Bureau will gladly show you
how to use this section most profitably and at the least cost.
Write to-day to the Classified Manager, All-Story Weekly,
8 West Fortieth Street, New York.

OF INTEREST TO WOMEN

FEW RELIABLE WOMEN WANTED; DISTRIBUTE

Borax Soap Powder among friends and neighbors. No money
or experience needed. Steady work; good pay. R. Ward A Co.,
730 N. Franklin Street, Chicago, Illinois.	_

  STAMPS AND RARE COINS

$2 TO $500 EACH PAID FOR HUNDREDS OF OLD U. S.
AND FOREIGN COINS. Keep all old money and send 10c for
New Illustrated Coin Value Book, 4x7. It may mean your
Fortune. Get Posted. Clarke A Co., Box 101, Le Roy, N. Y.

HELP WANTED

 THE WAY TO GET A GOVERNMENT JOB is through the

Washington Civil Service School. We prepare you and you get
a position or we guarantee to refund your money. Write to
Earl Hopkins, President, Washington, D. C., for Book FK
1053, telling about 292,296 Government Positions with lifetime
employment, short hours, sure pay, regular vacations._

 TRAINED ADVERTISING MEN DEMAND AND GET $2000

to $10,000 yearly. 1 have trained hundreds and can train you:
greater openings daily. Art Prespectus free, giving advice of
noted authorities. George H. Powell, 85 Temple Court, New York.

 GOVERNMENT JOBS FOR AMERICAN CITIZENS PAY
$900 to $1800 yearly. Prepare for coming “ exams"
under former U. S. Civil Service Secretary-Examiner. Book
free. Patterson Civil Service School, Box 1304, Rochester, N. Y.

 WANTED—CARTOONISTS—$25.00 TO $100.00 PER WEEK.
Success Guaranteed. No talent or special schooling required.
Let us convince you. Send at once for free proof and particulars.
Dept. Z, Pennon School of Cartooning, Harrison, New York.

 MEN WANTED FOR DETECTIVE WORK, Also Instructed

by former U. S. Govt. Detective. Write J. Ganor, Danville, 111.

 MAN OR WOMAN TO TRAVEL FOR OLD-ESTABLISHED
FIRM. No canvassing; $1170 first year, payable weekly,
pursuant to Contract. Expenses advanced. K. G. Nichols,
Philadelphia, Pa., Pepper Building.

 THOUSANDS GOVERNMENT JOBS OPEN To Men-Women.
$75.00 month. Steady Work. Short hours. Common education
sufficient. Write immediately for free list of positions now ob-
tainable. Franklin Institute, Dept. W-3, Rochester, N. Y.

 NO STRIKE: 8 HOUR DAY. MEN “ EVERYWHERE.
Firemen, Brakemen, Baggagemen, $120. Colored Porters,
Experience unnecessary. 837 Railway Bureau, East St. Louis,

Illinois._

 WILL POSITIVELY SHOW YOU BY MAIL How You Can
earn $35 to $100 a week writing ads. Biggest field in the
world for you. Information free, write now. Page Davis Co.,

4015 Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111._

 RAILWAY MAIL AND POSTAL CLERKS; EXAMINATIONS
SOON. Prepare at home. Write for plan 301 of payment after
appointment. Civil Service Dept., P. B. C., 1017 Chestnut St.,

Philadelphia, Pa._

  YOU read these little advertisements. Perhaps you obtain
through them things you want; things you might never have
known about if you had not looked here. Did it ever strike
you other people would read your message—that they would buy
what you have to sell; whether it is a bicycle you no longer
need, a patented novelty you desire to push, or maybe your own
services? Our Classified Service Bureau will gladly show you
how to use this section most profitably and at the least cost.
Write to-day to the Classified Manager, All-Story Weekly,
8 WTest Fortieth Street, New York. _

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

 $50 TO $100 A DAY CAN BE EARNED with a Long
Crispette Machine in any town. Machine a wonder. Makes
Crispettes—a new, delicious popcorn confection. Sells at 5c a
package—almost 4c net profit. Everybody buys at sight—nickels
roll in. All you need is one machine and good location. No
experience necessary. Investment small. Returns large. Write at
once for free book Dollars & Sense ”—a valuable guide to
wealth and independence—a start to the ownership of a store
of your own. Don’t wait. Send postal today. Address
W. Z. Long Co., 1324 High St., Springfield, Ohio._

  FREE! To Men and Women. Descriptive Booklet. 1600 For-
mulas, Trade Secrets. Business Opportunities. Send no money.
A. ■ Northern, 208 North 5th Avenue, Chicago, 111.

YOU SHOULD MAKE BIG MONEY operating our mail
order plan for which we furnish all printed matter on trust,
allowing you to pay for same when established from your profits.
A. S. Hunter Co.. Hollis, N. Y.______

GAMES AND ENTERTAINMENTS

PLAYS. VAUDEVILLE SKETCHES, Monologues, Dialogues,

Speakers, Minstrel Material, Jokes, Recitations. Tableaux,
Drills, Entertainments. Make Up Goods. Large Catalog Free.
T. S. Denison A Co., Dept. 42, Chicago.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY.
ADVICE AND BOOKS FREE. Highest references. Beat
result*. Promptness assured. Send sketch or model for search.
Watson E. Coleman, 624 F Street, Washington, D. C.

PATENTS—WRITE FOR HOW TO OBTAIN A PATENT,
list of Patent Buyers, and Inventions Wanted. $1,000,000 In
prizes offered for inventions. Send sketch for free opinion as to
patentability. Our Four Books sent free upon request. Patents
advertised Free. We assist inventors to sell their inventions.
Victor J. Evans Co., Patent Attys., 762 Ninth. Washington. D. C.

"PRIZES FOR PATENTS.” “MONEY IN PATENTS."

** How to Get Your Patent and Money." " Why Some Inventors
Fail.” “ Needed Inventions." Sent free. Send sketch for free
opinion. Randolph A Co., 630 F Street. Washington, D. C.

PATENTS—TRADE-MARKS. SEND FOR MY FREE BOOK

HOW TO GET THEM." It’s full of information you should
know. Joshua B. H. Potts. 8 S. Dearborn St., Chicago; 929
Chestnut St.. Philadelphia; 805 G St.. Washington.

INVENT SOMETHING. IT MAY BRING WEALTH.

Free book tells what to invent and how to obtain a
patent through our Credit System. Waters A Company,
Succeeded by Talbert & Parker. 4105 Warder Building,
Washington. D. C._

PATENTS SECURED OR ALL FEES RETURNED. Patents
Sold Free! Our " Patent Sales Department ’’ bulletin, and
books. Free! Send data for actual free search. Credit Given.
E. E. Yrooman A Co., 848 F Street, Washington. D. C._

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

PHOTOPLAYS WANTED BY 48 COMPANIES; $10 TO $500
EACH PAID FOR PLAYS. No correspondence course or ex-
perience needed; details sent free to beginners. Sell your ideas.
Producers League. 329 Wainwright. St. Louis. Mo.

WRITE FOR FREE COPY " HINTS TO WRITERS OF
PHOTOPLAYS, Short Stories. Poems." Also catalog of best
books for writers. Atlas Pub. Co., 12 Atlas Building,
Cincinnati, Ohio.

AUTHORS—M ANUSCRIP T S

STORIES, POEMS. PLAYS. ETC..
ARE WANTED FOR PUBLICATION. Good Ideas
bring big money. Submit Mss. or write Literary Bureau. 110,
Hannibal. Mo.

TYPEWRITERS

TYPEWRITER PRICES SMASHED. "Spot Cash," Gaerte will
save you money. Rebuilt L. C. Smiths, Olivers, Remingtons,
Underwoods, Royals, etc. Your choice of 500 machines at $10 to
$15. Guaranteed for 3 years. Send today for descriptive circular.
Dearborn Typewriter Co.. Dept. 7-T, Chicago. 111.

MACHINERY, TOOLS & SUPPLIES

CARPENTERS, MACHINISTS AND TOOLMAKERS.

When you are in need of a tool case get a Keystone
Portable Tool Case. Every case Guaranteed. Write for catalogue.
Keystone Case Co., Dept. 100,215N. Keystone Ave., Chicago, 111.

RIDER AGENTS WANTED

Everywhere to ride and exhibit the new
Ranger “Motorbike" completely equipped
with electric light and horn, carrier, stand,
tool tank, coaster-brake, mud guards and anti-,
skid tires. Choice off 44 other etylee. colors
and sires in the famous “Ranger” line of
bicycles, all at Factory-to-Rider prices.

DEUVERED FREE on approval and 30
DAYS TRIAL. Send for big free catalog and
particulars of our Thirty Days Free Trialoffer
and marvelous offers and terms.

TIDCC Lamps, Horns, Wheels, Sundries.

■ 111 v.v and repair parts and supplies for all
bicycles—at half usual prices.

SEND NO MONEY but tell us exactly what you
need. Do not buy until you get our Factory-Direct-
to-Rider prices, terms and the big FREE catalog.

IUI C A CYCLE COMPANY
Ifl E-MU DEPT. D-63 CHICAGO, U.S.A.

Electrical

Meter Engineering

“The Profession With a Future"

iNow learned at home. Big demand for compe-

Ltent men. Pleasant, interesting, fascinating: employ-
•mentall too; year 'round, with exceptional opportun-
for advancement. Success guaranteed. High
offered. No experience necessary.

' Special Offer! 5.^

good positions, we are making a great spe-
cial oner to a limited number. Write today
for full particulars—FREE. No obligations.

Be a Meter Engineer, the man who fires; not
the one who is fired. Be boss. Write today.

Fort Wayne Correspondence School
Dept. 1083 Fort Wayne, Indiana

On Signal Engineering

'THERE are thousands of miles of rail-
road that must be equipped with block
signal systems. To superintend these installations
and to maintain the systems now in use thousands of
men are necessary. Golden opportunities are offered. Every am-
bitious man in America should write for the free book on Signal
Engineering. It will be sent to you prepaid—without obligation.

Men Are Needed to Accept
High Salaried Positions

When you stop to consider that, at the present time,
less than one-fourth of the passenger lines in this country are
equipped with automatic block signal systems—and when you
read that the day is fast coming when the law will compel rail-
roads to instaH them, you will realize what remarkable oppor-
tunities are offered to ambitious men in the profession of Signal
Engineering. The work is big—broad — high salaries are paid.
$250.00 a month is an ordinary salary for a Signal Engineer.

Send the Coupon/ Department

Put your name and ad- /	Signaling

dress in the coupon, ora let- y Deptl083, 1810 Wilson Ave.
ter or post card Now and / Raveniwood Station, Chicago

get the free book about / Gentlemen: — Please send me
Signal Engineering. A absolutely free and prepaid your
Too, we will tell you how / big new book on Signal Engineer-

you can get the training	Ing. Also full particulars about

that you need in order to / your great special free outfit offer,
become a Signal En- / It is distinctly understood that I

Sineer. You will be un- / assume no obligations of any kind,
er no obligation by f
writing for this free /

book. Do it Now. f Name............................................................

Department f

of Signaling / Address......................................................

Oapt. 1088. »

1810 Wilson MV. /

Ravenswood »

               Age..................Occupation...,

Free Book

In answering any advertisement on this pago it is desirable that you mention All-Stob* Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Will Prove

YourAmbition

 THIS little “X” has marked

        the way to success for thousands
 of ambitious men. It marked the day
 when they stopped dreaming and began acting.
 Merely dreaming about the job ahead won’t
 help you get it. But marking “X" in the cou-
 pon proves your ambition —and shows that you are
 ready to put your dreams into action to earn success.
 The job you dream about can be yours. Not
 through favor or pull or some lucky chance — but
 through training. Thousands are proving it every day.
 And it is easy for you to get that training.

  It isn't necessary to make a drudge of yourself. The
  first step is to mark your “ X ” before the job you want,
  and we will show you the way to success.

Make Your Mark Now

 Mark an “X” before the job you want,
 and mail the coupon to us now. We’ll show
 you your way to success—more simple and easy than
 you have dreamed. You’ll be under no obligation, and
 for the sake of your ambition you should act today.
 Make your mark now. Send the coupon.

American School

    of Correspondence, Chicago. U.S.A.
               Dept. G-1083

   American School of Correspondence, Dept. G-1083, Chicago, U. S. A.

       Gentlemen : Please send me booklet and tell me how I can
  fit myself for the position marked X.

 .Electrical Engineer
 .Elec. Light & Power Supt.
 .Hydroelectric Engineer
 .Telephone Engineer
 .Architect

 .Architectural Draftsman
 .Building Contractor
 .Building Superintendent
 .Heat. & Vent. Engineer
 .Structural Engineer
 .Structural Draftsman
 .Mechanical Engineer
 .Mechanical Draftsman
 .Civil Engineer
 .Steam Engineer
 .Shop Foreman
 .Shop Superintendent
 .Sheet Metal Draftsman

 ____Lawyer

 .... Business Law
 ... .Business Manager

 ____Auditor

 ... .Accountant
 ... .Cert'f'd Public Acc'nt
 ....Stenographer
 .... Bookkeeper

 ----Fire Ins. Inspector

 ... .Fire Ins. Adjuster
 ... .Fire Ins. Expert

 ____Sanitary Engineer

 ... .Master Plumber

 ----Plumb. & Heat. Estimatoi

 ... .Reclamation Engineer
 ... .Automobile Engineer

 ----Automobile Repairer

 ----High School Course

 We also prepare for civil service examinations in all engineering subjects.

  Name...
  I Address.

GRAY HAIR

 Restored to Original Color

      A marvelous success! Positively proven power to restore
   gray hair to original color, 110 matter what color it was.
   KOLOR-BAK will do tills quickly, harmlessly, thoroughly
   — 01* it costs you nothin?. New, scientific principle
   applied with unerring' results in thousands of cases.
   KOLOR-BAK is not a dye or stain. Contains no nitrate
   of silver, nickel, copper, mercury, coal tar, wood alcohol,
   henna, or sage tea. Guaranteed absolutely pure and harm-
   less, colorless, stainless.

CY°o!f Nothing

     HW# frolic If you continue to toler-
     .T 0.1 * a ate gray hairs now. you
     do so from choice, not necessity! KOLOR-
     BAK is your positive protection. Thousands
     have secured quick results from this won-
     derful preparation. And they tested KOLOR-
     BAK (as you may) with the knowledge that
     it would cost them nothing if it failed.

     KOLOR-BAK banishes dandruff and itching
     pcalp in two applications: also stops hair
     falling out. Write for free book, posi-
     tive proof and legral binding: money-
     back guarantee.

   KOLOR BAK PRODUCTS CO.

Guaranteed

   Dept. H
  Lytton Bldg.
  CHICAGO

A High School Course

 In Two Years home. Here is a thorough,

                                        complete, and simplified
   high school course that you can finish in two years. Meets ail
   college entrance requirements. Prepared by leading members
   of the faculties of universities and academies.

   Write for booklet. Send your name and address for our booklet
   and full particulars. No obligations whatever. Write today—now.
   American School of Correspondence, Dept. P-1083, Chicago, U. S. A.

Get into the automobile business

 and make money. Earn $25 to $50
 weekly as chauffeur or repairman. We teach
 you how by mail and assist you to a good position.
 _ Best system, lowest price. Models furnished. Our
 graduates in demand. Full information FRKJK.
 PRACTICAL AUTO SCHOOL. 66-L, Beaver Street, New York.

Be a Finger Print

  ^	a Write today. Seize this opportunity to

  M	l enter a new, fascinating, influential pro-

  M \A ls_#X^JL I* fession. Be a finger print expert. Earn

          JL	$25 U> $50 a week as the confidential adviser of

   — bankers, capitalists, detective agencies, etc. Install finger print systems m
   big factories, and industrial firms. Learn in spare time at home.

 Special Oiler Now Open

   this offer lasts for free book and details of offer. No obligations.

  Evans University, Finger Print Department

  Room 1083	1810 Wilson Avenue_Chicago, Illinois

COPY THIS SKETCH

 and let me see what you can do with it.
 Illustrators and cartoonists earn from $20
 to $125 a week or more. My practical
 system of personal individual lessons by
 mail will develop your talent. Fifteen years
 successful work for newspapers and maga-
 zines qualifies me to teach you. Send me
 your sketch of President Wilson with 6c in stamps
 and I will send you a teat lesson plate, also collec-
 tion of drawings showing possibilities for YOU.

 The Landon School

 1459 SOnOFIELD Ill'ILDI.NtJ, CLEVELAND, 0.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                                 Yj40TD/Y3

                            JiaOAKAM

you never had a chance!

   "Four years ago you and I worked at the same bench. We were both discontented. Remem-
ber the noon we saw the International Correspondence Schools’ advertisement? That woke me
up. I realized that to get ahead I needed special training, and I decided to let the I. C. S. help
me. When I marked the coupon I asked you to sign with me. You said, ‘Aw, forget it!’

   “I made the most of my opportunity and have been climbing ever since. You had the same
chance I had, but you turned it down. No, Jim, you can’t expect more money until you’ve
trained yourself to handle bigger work.”	j--

                                                                            •▼CAR OUT HKNC-

   There are lots of “Jims” in the world—in stores, .
factories, offices, everywhere. Are you one of them? I
Wake up ! Every time you see an I. C. S. coupon |
your chance is staring you in the face. Don’t turn .
it down.

   Right now over one hundred thousand men are I
preparing themselves for bigger jobs and better pay |
through I. C. S. courses.

   You can join them and get in line for promo-
tion. Mark and mail this coupon, and find out how

| INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS
Box 2096, Scranton, Pa.

Reports on 27,000 typical /. C. S. etudente show
14,900 now receiving $1500 a year or more; 2451
receiving $2500 or more; 413 receiving $5000 or
more; 20 receiving $10,000 or more; and eight with
annual incomes of $25,000 or more.

 WHAT OTHERS HAVE DONE YOU CAN DO

Box 2096, SCRANTON, PA.

 Explain, without obligating me, how I can qualify for the posi-
 tion, or In the subject, before which I mark X.

ELECTRICAL ENGINEER
Electric Lighting
Electric Car Running
Electric Wiring
Telegraph Expert
MECHANICAL ENGINEER
Mechanical Draftsman
Machine Shop Practice
Gas Engineer
CITIL ENGINEER
Surveying and Mapping
MINE FOREMAN OR ENGINEER
Metallurgist or Prospector
STATIONARY ENGINEER
Marine Engineer
ARCHITECT
Contractor and Builder
Architectural Draftsman
Concrete Builder
Structural Engineer
PLUMBING AND HEATING
Sheet Metal Worker
CHEMICAL ENGINEER

 SALESMANSHIP
 ADVERTISING MAN
 Window Trimmer
 Show Card Writer
 RAILROADER
 ILLUSTRATOR
 DESIGNER
 BOOKKEEPER
 Stenographer and Typist
 Cert. Public Accountant
 Railway Accountant
 Commercial Law
 GOOD ENGLISH
 Teacher
 ] Common School Subject*
 w CIVIL SERVICE
 Railway Mail Clerk
 AGRICULTURE
 Textile Overseer or SupL
 Navigator
 Poultry Raising
 AUTOMOBILES
 An to Repairing

 Occupation
 & Employer.

 Street

 and No._

I Clty_

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Handsome $25 Blue Serge
Suit Made to Measure only

A SPECIAL proposition to introduce the wonderful	” WP PAY

values offered by our system of tailoring. We	CUIDDIMr,

have no agents — no dealers — no traveling salesmen f	SHIPPING

 — our values make their own customers — and once a L ■ jPj CHARGES
 Bemard-Hewitt customer always a Bernard-Hewitt cus-	.4,

 tomer. That’s why, to secure your first order, we are
 willing to make to your individual measure, a handsome,
 all pure wool worsted blue serge suit (usual $26 value) for
 only $15 and line it with a

satin rnrr

LINING r KiLIl

 Remember this suit is made to your individual
 measure from the very finest all wool blue, light
 blue, black or gray serge, in the latest approved
 Chicago style, and by the very best tailors in this
 whole city.

 But perhaps you don’t care for a serge suit. Well,
 our big book which we will send you free contains
 generous samples of the latest fabrics ; plain and
 fancy mixtures, the up-to-the-minute offering of
 leading woolen mills.

 The $4.00 Satin Lining free offer goes no matter
 what selection you make—and we pay all shipping
 charges. We take all the risk—you none—for this is

You Don’t

Us One <

Take Your Own
Measure—Save

OUR GUARANTEE

 Unless you are more than pleased in every particular in fit
 —in style—in workmanship and in materials. Could any-
 thing be fairer? Write today—wear real tailor-made
 clothes — dress better and save money.

Write for Your Copy of Our Big Book Today

 Our big new Spring and Summer book is ready for you — contains 70 samples latest
 woolens — also lotoest prices on men’s hats, shoes and furnishings. It is your guide to
 correct and economical clothes: buying. Mail coupon above or send post card for your
 copy. Please mention All-Story Weekly so that we can identify this special offer.

  BERNARD-HEWITT & COMPANY

424-434 So. Green Street Desk F-303 CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

 BERNARD-HEWITT & CO.,

           424-434 So, Green St.,
 De.k F-303,	CHICAGO, ILL.

 Please send me your new Spring style
 book with 70 samples free — also full
 details of your special lining offer.

Name..............................

Address............................

In answering this advertisement it it desirable that you mention All-Stout Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

Vol. LXVIII ,.....- ..............—______________number 3

 i. <£> %

(	SATURDAY, MARCH 3, 1917

 ^ ) cJackson. Grerforxj

                   Author of "The Short Cut.’* "Wolf Breed.” "The Outlaw,” etc.

   A NY story that has Jackson Gregory’s name attached to it is always worthy of
   careful consideration. All that is necessary to prove this is a reading of the
   first chapter of any story of his we**ever published. No one who has gone that far
   has ever been known to stop there; and if there is any one who doubts this state-
   ment, the doubter has an excellent chance, here and now, to prove the truth of
   it. Everybody else—just plunge in!—The Editor.

CHAPTER I.

SOLITUDE.

SHELDON had plunged on into this
new coTintry rather recklessly, being
in reckless mood. Now, five days
northward of Belle Fortune, he knew that
he had somewhere taken the wrong trail.

  The knowledge came upon him grad-
ually. There was the suspicion before
ten o’clock that morning, when the stream
he followed seemed to him to be running
a little too much to the northwest. But
he had pushed on, watchful of every step,
seeking a blazed tree or the monument of
a stone set upon a rock.

     X A-S

    When he made camp at noon he was
  still undecided, inclined to believe that
  the wise thing would be to turn back.
  But he did not turn back. He was his
  own man now; all time was before him;
  the gigantic wilderness about him was
  grateful. • At night, when he had yanked
  his small pack down from his horse’s
  saddle, suspicion had grown into certain-
  ty. He smoked his good-night pipe in
  deep content.

    If you could run a line straight from
  Belle Fortune to Ruminoff Shanty—and
  you’d want both tunnel and aeroplane to
  do the job nicely!—your line would
  measure exactly two hundred and forty
  353
354

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

miles. It would cut almost in halves the
Sasnokee-keewan, the country into which
few men come, let entirely alone by the
Indians who with simple emphasis term
it “ Bad Country.”

  Men have found gold on Gold River,
where the Russian camp of Ruminoff
Shanty made history half a century ago;
they have taken out the pay-dirt at Belle
Fortune. Between the two points they
have made many trails during fifty years,
trails which invariably turn to east or
west of the Sasnokee-keewan. For here
is a land of fierce, iron-boweled moun-
tains, of tangled brush which grows thick
and defies the traveler, of long reaches, of
lava-rock and granite, of mad, white,
raging winters.

  “ Leave it alone,” men say down in
Belle Fortune and up in Ruminoff. “ It’s
No-Luck Land. Many a poor devil’s
gone in that never came out. And never
a man brought a show of color out of it.”

  Since Belle Fortune had dropped one
day behind him, it had all been new coun-
try to Sheldon. Although summer was on
its way, there had been few men before
him since the winter had tom out the
trails. Here and there, upon the north
slopes and in the shaded canons, patches
and mounds of snow were thawing slowly.

  More than once had he come to a fork-
ing of the ways, but he had pushed on
without hesitating, content to be driving
ever deeper into the wilderness. He
planned vaguely on reaching French
Meadows by way of the upper waters of
the Little Smoky, climbing the ridge
whence rumor had it you could see fifteen
small lakes at once. But what mattered
it, French Meadows or the very heart of
the Sasnokee-keewan?

  A man who took life as it came, was
John Sheldon; who lived joyously, heed-
lessly, often enough recklessly. When
other men grumbled he had been known
to laugh. While these last lean, hard
years had toughened both physical and
mental fiber, they had not hardened his
heart. And yet, a short five days ago, he
had had murder in his heart.

  He had just made his “ pile ”; he, with
Charlie Ward, who, Sheldon had thought,
was straight. And straight the poor devil
would have been had it not been that he
was weak and there was a woman. He
wanted her; she wanted his money. It’s
an old story.

  Sheldon for once was roused from his
careless, good-natured acceptance of what
the day might bring. He had befriended
Ward, and Ward had robbed him. - In
the first flare of wrath he took up the
man trail. He followed the two for ten
days, coming up with them then at Belle
Fortune.

  There had been ten days of riot, wine
and cards and roulette-wheel, for Charlie
Ward and the woman. Sheldon, getting
word here and there, had had little hope
of recovering his money. But he did not
expect what he did find. Charlie was
dying—had shot himself in a fit of re-
morseful despondency. The woman was
staring at him, grief-stricken, stunned,
utterly human after all.

  She had loved him, it seemed; that was
the strange part of it. The few gold
pieces which were left she hurled at Shel-
don as he stood in the door, cursing him.
He turned, heard Charlie’s gasps through
the chink of the coins, went out, tossed
his revolver into the road, bought a pack
outfit, shouldered a rifle, and left Belle
Fortune “ for a hunting trip,” as he ex-
plained it to himself. He had never got
a bear in his life and—

  And there is nothing in all the world
like the deepest solitude of the woods to
take out of a man’s heart the bitterness
of revenge. Sheldon was a little ashamed
of himself. He wanted to forget gold and
the seeking thereof. And therefore, per-
haps, his fate took it upon herself to hide
a certain forking of the trails under a
patch of snow so that he turned away
from French Meadows and into the Sas-
nokee-keewan.

  Now he was lost. Lost merely in so
far as he did not know where he was; not
that he need worry about being able to
retrace his steps. He had provisions, am-
THE FIRE FLOWER.

355

munition, fishing tackle, bedding; was in
a corner of the world where men did not
frequently come, and could stay here the
whole summer if he saw fit. He had been
hunting gold all the years of his life, it
seemed to him. What had it brought
him? What good had it done him?
Never was man in better mood to be lost
than was John Sheldon as he knocked out
his pipe, rolled into his blankets, and
went to sleep.

   Now, the sixth day out he watched his
 way warily. If he were not already in
 the Sasnokee-keewan, he should to-day,
 or by to-morrow noon at the latest, come
 to the first of the Nine Lakes. He had
 studied the stars last night; he had
 watched the sun to-day. It was guess-
 work at best, since he had had no tnought
 to prick his way by map.

   Night came again, and he looked from
 a ridge down upon other ridges, some bare
 and granite-topped, some timbered, with
 here and there a tall peak looking out
 across the broken miles, with no hint of
 Lake Nopong. He made his way down a
 long slope in the thickening dusk, seeking
 a grassy spot to tether his packhorse.
 That night the animal crunched sun-
 flower leaves and the tenderer ^hoots of
 the mountain bushes. With the dawn
 Sheldon again pushed on, seeking better
 pasture.

   Late that afternoon he came into a de-
 lightfully green meadow, where a raging
 creek grew suddenly gentle and wan-
 dered through crisp herbage and little
 white flowers. There was a confusion of
 deer-tracks where a narrow trail slipped
 through the alders of the creek banks.
 Upon the rim of the meadow was a great
 log freshly torn into bits, as though by
 the great paws of a bear.

   Under a tall, isolated cedar about
»whose base there was dry ground, Shel-
don removed the canvas-rolled pack and
the pack-saddle, turning his horse into an
alder-surrounded arm of the meadow
where the grass was thickest and tallest.
While the sun was still high he cut the
branches which he would throw his blan-

 kets upon, fried his bacon and potatoes,
 boiled his coffee, and ate heartily.

  Then he sat upon the log at which the
bear had torn, saw the tracks and nodded
over them, noting that they were only a
few days old—smoked his pipe, and out
of the fulness of content watched his hun-
gry horse ripping away at the lush grass.

  “ Take your time, Buck, old boy,” he
said gently. “ We’ll stay right here until
you get a bellyful. We don’t have to
move on until snow flies, if we don’t want
to. I think that this is one of the spots
of the world we’ve been looking for a
long time. I’d lay a man a bet, two to
one and he names the stakes, that there’s
not another human being in three days’
walk.”

   And a very little after sunset, with the
same thought soothing him, he went to
sleep.

CHAPTER II.

BONES.

THE seventh day out Sheldon began
in practical manner by shaving.
His beard was beginning to turn in
and itch. And, even upon trips like this,
he had yet to understand why a fellow
shouldn’t include in his pack the razor,
brush, and soap, which, altogether, occu-
pied no more space than a pocket tin of
tobacco.

  He was up and about in the full glory
of the morning, before the last star had
gone. A grub from a fallen log went onto
a hook, into the creek, and down a trout’s
eager throat, and the trout itself was
brown in the pan almost as the coffee be-
gan to bubble over. Thirty minutes after
he had waked, he was leading the fuli-
stomached Buck northward along the
stream’s grassy banks.

  The world seemed a good place to live
in this morning, clean and sweet, blown
through with the scents of green growing
things. The ravine widened before him;
the timber was big boled with grassy,
open spaces; though there was no sign of
356

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

a trail other than the tracks left by wild
things coming to feed and water, he
swung on briskly.

   “’If I really am in the Sasnokee-
 keewan,” he told himself early in the day,
 “ Then men have maligned it, or else I
 have stumbled into a corner of it they
 have missed somehow. It strikes me as
 the nearest thing imaginable to the
 earthly paradise.”

   He had turned out to the right, fol-
 lowing the open, coming close under a
 line of cliffs which stood up, sheer and
 formidable, along the edge of the meadow.
 And then, suddenly, unexpectedly, he
 came upon the first sign he had had for
 three days that a man had ever been be-
 fore him in these endless woods. Upon
 the rocky ground at the foot of the cliffs
 was a man’s skeleton.

   Sheldon stopped and stared. The
 thing shocked him. It seemed incon-
 ceivable that a man could have died here,
 miserably as this poor fellow had done,
 alone, crying out aloud to the solitudes
 which answered him softly with gently
 stirring branches and murmuring water.
 Sheldon’s mood, one of serene, ineffable
 peace, had had so strong a grasp upon
 him that this sign of tragedy and death
 was hard to grasp.

   He stood long, staring down at the
 heap of bones. They were tumbled this
 way and that. He shuddered. And yet
 he stood there, fascinated, wondering, let-
 ting his suddenly awakened, overstimu-
 lated imagination have its way.

   There came the query: “ What killed
 him?”

   Sheldon looked up at the cliffs. The
 man might have fallen. But the skull
 was intact; there had been no fracture
 there. Nor—Sheldon forgot his previous
 revulsion of feeling in his strong curiosity
 —nor was there a broken bone of arm
 or leg to indicate a fall. The bones were
 large; it had been a big man, six feet or

 -	over, and heavy. No; in spite of the
 position of the disordered skeleton, death
 had not come that way.

   For half an hour Sheldon lingered here,

restrained a little by the thoughts rising
naturally to the occasion, seeking to read
the riddle set before him. There were no
rattlesnakes here, no poisonous insects at
these altitudes. The man had not fallen.
To come here at all he must have been
one who knew the mountains; then he
had not starved, for the streams were
filled with trout, and he would know the
way to trap small game enough to keep
life in him. And what man ever came so
deep into the wild without a rifle?

  It seemed to Sheldon that there was
only one answer. The man must have
got caught here in an early snow-
storm; he must have lost his head; in-
stead of going calmly about preparing
shelter and laying up provisions for the
winter, he must have raced on madly,
getting more hopelessly lost at every be-
wildered step—and then the end had
come, hideously.

  At last Sheldon moved on, pondering
the thoughts which centered about the
white pile of bones which once, perhaps
four or five or six years ago, had been a
man. How the poor devil must have
cursed the nights that blotted the world
out, the winds which shrieked of snow,
the mountains which rose like walls about
a convict.

  “ What became of his gun?” cried Shel-
don suddenly, speaking aloud. “ The
buckle from his belt, the metal things in
his pockets, knife, coins, cartridges? The
things which prowling animals can’t eat!
They don’t carry such things off!”

  He came back, walking swiftly. There
was little grass so close to the cliffs;
nothing but bare, rocky ground and a
few bits of dry wood, two or three old
cones dropped from a pine; nothing to
hide the articles which Sheldon sought.
But, although he made assurance doubly
sure by searching carefully for more than
an hour, back and forth along the cliffs,
out among the trees, he found nothing.
Not so much as the sole of a boot.

  “ And that,” muttered Sheldon, taking
up Buck’s lead rope, “ if a man asked me,
is infernally strange.”
THE FIRE FLOWER.

357

  As he went on he strove frowningly for
an explanation and found none. The
man had not been alone? He had had a
companion? This companion had taken
bis rifle, his knife and watch, or what-
ever might have been in his pockets, and
had gone on. Possibly. But, then, why
had he not taken the time to bury the
body? And how was it that there was
not a single shred of clothing?

  “ Coyotes may be so everlastingly hun-
gry up here that they eat a man’s boots,
soles, nails and all!” grunted Sheldon.
“ Only—I am not the kind of a tender-
foot to believe that particular brand of
fairy tale. There’s not even a button!”

  It is the way of the human intellect to
contend with locks upon doors which shut
on secrets. The mind, given half of the
story, demands the remainder. John
Sheldon, as he trudged on, grew half
angry with himself because he could not
answer the questions which insisted upon
having answers. But before noon he had
almost forgotten the scattered bones un-
der the cliffs, the matter thrust to one
rim of his thoughts which must now be
given over almost entirely to finding trail.

  For no longer was there meadow-land
under foot. The strip of fairly level,
grassy land was gone abruptly; beyond
lay boulder-strewn slopes, fringed with
dense brush, all but impassable to the
packhorse.

  Often the man must leave the animal
while he went ahead seeking a way; often
must the two of them turn back for some
unexpected fall of cliff, all unseen until
they were close to the edge, compelling
them to retrace their steps perhaps a hun-
dred yards, or five hundred, and many a
time did Sheldon begin to think that the
way was shut to the plucky brute that
labored on under his pack.

  But always he found a way on. a way
down. And always, being a man used to
the woods, did he keep in mind that the
time might come when he’d have to turn
back for good. If he could in time win
on through, come out at the north end
of the Sasnokee-keewan, then he would

have had a trip which left nothing to be
desired.

  If, on the other hand, there came cliffs
across the trail which Buck could not
make his way down, around which they
could not go—why, then, it was as well
to have the way open this way. For
Sheldon had no thought to desert the
horse, without which just now he’d make
far better time.

  It was the hardest day he had had.
That means that half a dozen times be-
tween dawn and dark the man hesitated,
on the verge of turning back. Alone, he
could have gone on, and with twice the
speed; leading Buck, he wondered many
a time if he could push on another mile
without rewarding his horse with a bro-
ken leg. And yet, being a man who dis-
liked turning back, and having to do with
a horse that put all of his faith in his
master unquestioningly, he put another
ten miles between him and Belle Fortune
that long, hard day.

  In the afternoon he was forced to leave
the creek which was rapidly growing into
a river which shot shouting down
through a rocky gorge, narrow and steep-
sided. As the stream began turniftg off
to the west Sheldon climbed out of its
canon made a wide detour to avoid a
string of bare peaks lifting against the
northern sky-line, and made a slow and
difficult way over the ridge. In a sort of
saddle he left his panting horse, while he
clambered to a spire of rock lifted a score
of feet above the pass.

  He could look back from here and see
the stream he had left. Here and there
he caught a glimpse of the water, slip-
ping away between the trees or flashing
over a boulder as it sped down toward
the gorge. He was glad that he had
turned aside as soon as he had done;
there would have been no getting out of
that chasm unless a man came back here,
and he had lost enough time as it was.

  He turned his eyes toward the north.
A trlie wilderness, if God ever made one
to defy the taming hand of man—a wil-
derness of mountains, an endless stretch
358

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

of bare ridges and snow-capped peaks, a
maze of steep-sided gorges like the one
he had just quitted, a stern, all but track-
less labyrinth in which a man, if he were
not a fool, must keep his wits about him.

  “ Gods knows,” meditated Sheldon, his
spirit touched with that awe which comes
to a man who stands alone as he stood,
looking down upon the world where the
Deity has builded in fierce, untrammeled
majesty, “ a man is a little thing in a
place like this. I suppose, if I were vise,
I would turn tail and get out while I
can/’

  And again he pushed on, northward.
There was little feed here for Buck; both
horse and man wanted water. Though
they had left the creek but two hours ago,
the dry air and summer sun had stirred
in them the thirst which sleeps so little
out on the trail.

  Sheldon knew that they had but to
make their way down into another ravine
to find water. In these mountains, es-
pecially at this early season, there was no
need for one to suffer from thirst. From
his vantage-point, his eyes sweeping back
and forth among the peaks and ridges, he
picked out the way he should go for the
rest of the day, the general direction for
to-morrow. And then, Buck’s lead-rope
again in his hand, he turned down, grad-
ually seeking the headwaters of the next
stream, hoping for one of the tiny mead-
ows like the one in which he had camped
last night.

  It was four o’clock when he started
downward. It was nearly dark when he
came to water. It was such country as
he had never seen before. He fully ex-
pected to start back to-morrow. He had
seen no game all day; he didn’t believe
that either deer or bear came here. What
the deuce would they come for? They
had more brains than a man. Besides,
two or three times Buck had fallen; the
next thing would be a broken leg, and
no excuse for it.

  But, nevertheless, he must find pas-
turage for the night. The horse had had
nothing but the tenderer twigs of young

bushes all day, with now and then a hand-
ful of sunflower leaves. The dark had
fallen; the moon was up before Sheldon
found what he sought. And he admitted
that he was in luck to find it at all.

  The rocky slope, broken into little falls
of cliff, had ended abruptly. There was
an open space, timbered only by a few
water-loving trees, the red willow and
alder, and tall grass. Sheldon yanked off
pack and pack saddle, tethered his horse,
and went to drink.

  The beauty of the brook—it was scarce-
ly more here near the source—with the
moonlight upon it, impressed him, tired
as he was. There was a sandy bed, gravel
strewn, unusual here, where the thing to
be expected was the water-worn rocks.
The current ran placidly, widening out to
a willow-fringed pool. The grass stood
six inches tall everywhere, straight, un-
trampled.

  Sheldon threw himself down to drink.
What he had thought the dead white limb
of a tree, lying close to the water’s edge,
was a bone. He found another. Then
the skull, half buried in mud and grass.
It was the skeleton of a man. The
second in one day’s travel! And. though
Sheldon looked that night and again the
next morning, there was nothing to hint
at the cause of this man’s death. Nor was
there a gun, an ax, a pocket knife or
watch or strip of boot leather—nothing
but the bones which the seasons had
whitened, here and there discolored by
the soil into which they had sunk.

  When-a man is as hungry and tired as
Sheldon was that night, he does not
squander time in fruitless fancies. He
made a rude meal swiftly, rolled into his
blankets, and went to sleep. But he had
muttered as he rolled over to keep the
moonlight out of his eyes:

  “ We’re not going back yet, Buck, old
horse. If other men got this far, we can
go a little farther.” '

  And, though he was too tired to lie
awake and think, he could not shut out
of his dreams the fancies bred of the V- <<
discoveries. The stories which men to!;I
THE FIRE FLOWER.

359

of the Sasnokee-keewan, the superstition-
twisted tales of the Indians, came and
went through his brain, distorted into a
hundred guises. This was No-Luck Land
—the land into which few men came; the
land from which those few did not re-
turn. What got them? What killed
them?

  Out of a vision of some great, hideous,
ghoulish being which robbed the dead,
even to stripping the bodies of their
clothing, Sheldon woke with a start. The
moon shone full in his eyes. Something
had wakened him. He heard it moving
there, softly. * He*sat up, grasping his
rifle. It was very still again suddenly.
He could not locate the sound. Maybe
it had been Buck, browsing. No; Buck
was tethered beyond the alders, out of
sight. No sound came from there; the
horse no doubt was dozing

  He even got up, vaguely uneasy. He
had awakened with the decidedly uncom-
fortable feeling that something was above
him, staring down into his face. That,
on top of the sort of dream which had
been with him all night, bred in him a
stubborn curiosity to know what the
something was.

  He went quietly and cautiously back
and forth; to where Buck stood, hidden
beyond the trees, dozing, as he had an-
ticipated; across the brook. He lifted his
shoulders distastefully as he stepped by
the little pile of bones.

  There was nothing. It might have been
a cat, even a night bird breaking a twig
in the nearest pine. Sheldon went back
to his bed. But he was wide awake now.
He lighted his pipe and for an hour sat
up, smoking, his blanket about his shoul-
ders.

  He experienced a strange emotion—
something defying analysis — that he
could catalogue only uncertainly as lone-
liness. It was not fear—not strong
enough for that. He wanted company; it
was with a frown that he checked him-
self from going to bring his horse close
in to his camp. That would have been
childish.

  He moved a little, sitting so that his
back was against the tree.

CHAPTER III.

FOOTPRINTS AND MONUMENTS.

IT had been in the small hours of the
night that Sheldon woke. The fire he
had replenished before turning in was
a mere bed of coals. He threw a log
across it, and at last dozed. Again he
was up and about wfth the first streaks
of dawn. The sky was pearl-pink when
he threw the diamond hitch and was
ready to take up the trail again.

  And now, calm-thoughted with the light
of day, he hesitated. Should he go on?
Or should he turn back?

  As though for an answer, he went to
the crossing where the scattered bones lay
close to the water. And the answer to
his question came to him, presenting him
a fresh riddle. If he had stared wonder-
ingly when he came upon the skull at the
cliffs back yonder, now did he stare stupe-
fied. There came a vague, misty fear
that he was growing fanciful, that he was
seeing things which did not exist. He
got down on his knees, his face not two
feet from the track in the sandy margin
of the creek.

  Something had passed there last night;
the track was very fresh. Whatever it
was that had wakened him had crossed
here. And what was it? He sought to
be certain; he must be conservative. The
track was imperfect; the lapping of the
water broke down the little ridges of sand
the passing foot had pushed up; the im-
print would be gone entirely in a few
hours. And there was no other here, for
the grass came close down to the water.

  He looked quickly across the stream.
There there was a little strip of wet soil.
The water boiling unheeded about his
boots, he strode across. Despite the
man’s quiet nerves, his heart was beating
like mad. For he saw that there was a
track here, fresh, made last night. And
another. Now he did not need to go
360

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

down on his knees. The imprints were
clearly outlined, as definite as though
drawn upon a sheet of paper.

   And they were the tracks of a bare,
human foot.

   If it had been the big track of a big
man, Sheldon’s heart would not have ham-
mered so. But it was the track that might
have marked the passing here of a boy of
ten or twelve—or of a girl!

   “ A child or a woman came last night
and looked at me as I slept,” muttered
the man wonderingly. “ Here, God knows
how many miles from anywhere! Bare-
footed, prowling around in the middle of
the night! Good God! The cursed thing
is uncanny!”

   As he had felt it before, but now more
overwhelmingly, was his soul oppressed
with the bigness of the solitude about him.
He was a pygmy who had blundered into
a giant’s land. He was as a little boy in
the inscrutable presence of majesty and
mystery. For a little it seemed to him that
in the still, white dawn he stood hemmed
about by the supernatural.,

   Why should there be two white piles of
unburied human bones here in a day’s
travel? Why should there be a fresh track
in the wet soil made by a little naked foot
in the night? Why should every bit of
metallic substance disappear from the
presence of those dead men ? Why should
his visitor of last night peer down at him
and then slip away, with no word?

  He frowned. Unconsciously he was
connecting the bleached skeleton and the
fresh track. The man had been dead per-
•haps half a dozen years; the track had not
been there so many hours. He was grow-
ing fanciful with a vengeance.

   It was with an effort of will that he
cleared his mind of the wild tales which
he had heard told of the Sasnokee-keewan.
For a little he sought to believe that he
had been so hopelessly confused in his
sense of direction that he had made a great
curve and had come back to some one of
the outposts of civilization; that even now
he was separated only by a ridge, or by a
bend in the canon, from a lumber-camp or

mining settlement. But he knew other-
wise. One doesn’t find bleaching human
bones lying disinterred upon the edge of a
village.

  He sought to follow the tracks across
the bed of the canon and could not. They
here were lost in the grass, which was not
tall enough to bow to the light passing. But
a hundred yards farther down the creek
he came upon them again, fresh tracks of
little bare feet, clearly outlined in a muddy
crossing. The imprint of the heel was
faint; the toes had sunk deep.

   Running,” grunted Sheldon. “ And
going like the very devil, too, I’ll bet.”

  He went back for Buck.

  “ We’re going on, old horse,” he in-
formed his animal. “ The Lord knows
what we’re getting into. But if a kid of a
boy can make it, I guess we can.”

  For he preferred to think of it as a boy.
That a barefoot woman should be running
about here in the heart of the mountains,
peering down at a man sleeping, scamper-
ing away as he woke—“ prowling around,”
as he put it—well, it was simpler to think
of a half-grown boy doing it.

  “ Or a man stunted in his growth,” he
thought for the first time.

  And the thought remained with him.
One could conceive of a man who had
never got his full growth physically, who
was stunted mentally as well, a half-
crazed, half-wild being, who fled here, who
subsisted in a state little short of savagery,
who crept through the moonlit forests
subtly stirred by the weird moon-madness,
who hunted like the other wild things.

  “ Who slipped up behind a man and
drove a knife into his back! Who even
made way with the clothing, everything,
leaving the bones to whiten through sum-
mer and winter as other animals of prey
left the creatures they had killed!”

  Big were the forests, limitless, seeming
as vast as infinity itself, resting heavy and
still upon a man’s soul. The feeling of
last night, the loneliness, the sort of un-
named dread came back upon John Shel-
don. He shook it off with an impatient
imprecation. But all day it hovered
THE FIRE FLOWER.

361

about him. Again he was glad of his
horse’s companionship.

  Not a nervous man, still he was not
without imagination. He began to be op-
pressed with the stillness of the wilder-
ness. As he pushed on down-stream,
watchful for other tracks, he came into a
valley which widened until it was perhaps
a mile across, carpeted with grass, tim-
bered with the biggest trees he had seen
since leaving Belle Fortune, their boles
five and six and seven feet through, every
one a monument of majesty, planto '. cen-
turies before some long-forgotten ancestor
of John Sheldon learned of a land named
America.

  There were wide, open spaces. One
looking through the giant trunks seemed
always looking down the long, dimly lit
aisle of the chief temple of the gods of the
world. Power, and venerable age—and
silence! A silence so eternal that it
seemed veritably tangible and indomitable.

  A man wanted at once to call out, to
shatter the heavy stillness which bore
upon his soul, and felt his lips grown mute.
The creek gurgled, here and there a cone
fell or there was the twitter of a bird;
these sounds passed through the silence,
accentuated it, were a part of it, a foil to
it, but in no way disturbed the ancient
reign of silence.

  Through this world, which might have
come at dawn from the hand of its Maker,
Sheldon pushed on swiftly, his brain alive
with a hundred questions and fancies.
Where there was loose, soft dirt, where
there was a likely crossing, he looked for
tracks. And as hour after hour passed he
found nothing to indicate that he was not,
as he had imagined until this morning,
alone in this part of the Sasnokee-keevvan.

  And yet he thought that last night’s
visitor was ahead cf him. True, a half-
demented, supercunning wild man might
have hidden behind any of those big tree-
trunks, might even now be watching him
with feverishly bright eyes. Sheldon must
chance that; he could not seek behind
every tree in this forest of countless thou-
sands. But he could feel pretty well as-

sured that the creature he sought had not
fled to east or to west any considerable dis-
tance. For on either hand, seen here and
there through the trees, the sides of the
canon rose to steep cliffs where a man
would have to tc:l for hours to make his
way half-way up.

  Noon came. Again Sheldon was in a
swiftly narrowing gorge. No longer was
the world silent about him. The roar and
thunder of water shouting and echoing
through the rocky defile nearly deafened
him. Suddenly his path seemed shut off
in front. It was impossible to get a horse
over the ridge here on either hand; im-
possible to ford the torsent where many a
treacherous hole hid under boiling water.
He lunched and rested here, wondering if
he must turn back.

  While Buck browsed, Sheldon sought
the way out. He turned to his right,
climbing the flank of the mountain. A
man could go up readily enough at this
spot, clambering from one rock to another.
The boulders were not unlike easily im-
agined steps placed by the giant deity of
the wild. But it took no second look to
be sure that never was the horse foaled
that could follow its master here.

  Tempting the man there rose from the
ridge a tall, bare, and barren peak from
which he could hope to have an extended
sweep of world about him. He thought
that he could come to it within an hour.
And if he were to retrace his steps a little,
seeking an escape from the cul de sac into
which the stream had led him, it was well
to have a look at the country now from
some such peak.

  He had done this before, perhaps half a
dozen times, always selecting carefully the
peak which promised the widest expanse
of view- with the least brush to struggle
through. But never had he had the un-
limited panorama which rewarded him
now. At last he was at the top, after not
one but two hours’ hard climb; and he
felt that, in sober truth, he had found the
top of the world, that he had surmounted
it, that he was less in its realm than in
that of the wide, blue sky.
362

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Far below the thunder of the stream he
had just left was lost, smothered in the
walls of its own canon, stifled among the
forests. Here there mounted only the
whisper from the imperceptibly stirring
millions of branches, not unlike the vague
murmur in a sea shell. The peak itself
might have been the altar of the god of
silence.

  East, west, south, whence he had come,
Sheldon saw ridge on ridge, peak after
peak, No-Luck Land running away until,
with other ridges and peaks, it melted into
the sky-line.

  Looking north, and almost at his feet,
the mountainside fell away 'precipitously.
He estimated that he was at an altitude
not less than eleven thousand feet. There
was snow here, plenty of it, thawing so
slowly that not nearly all of it would be
gone when the winter came again.

  Below him, in the tumbled boulders,
were pockets of snow, with bare spaces,
and the hardy mountain flowers in the
shallow soil. Down he looked and down,
until it seemed as though the steep-sided
mountains fell away many thousands of
dizzy feet. And th?re below was the wide
valley, all one edge of it meadow-land, all
the other edge given over to a mighty
forest, and at the jagged line lying be-
tween wood and field a little lake, calm
and blue, with white rocks along the far-
ther rim.

  On all sides of the valley lay the sheer
mountains, shutting it in so that a man
might look down and see the beauties be-
neath him and yet hesitate to descend,
thinking of the difficulties of getting both
in and out.

  Sheldon had not forgotten the imprint
of the bare foot. Nor was he ready to
give up the search he had begun, there
being no little stubbornness in the man’s
nature.

  But he stared long down into the valley
before him, thinking of the solitude to be
found there; the game to be hunted if a
man sought game; thinking that some time
he would make his way down yonder, joy-
ing in the thought that his foot would be

the first for years, perhaps generations < :•
even centuries, to travel there. No ,
however, he would turn back to wlteiv
Buck waited; seek the pass that must lead
out, and learn, if it was fated that he
should know, who had made the tracks at
the crossing.

  His eyes, sweeping now across the field
of tumbled rocks which topped the ridge
at the base of his peak, were arrested by
a flat piece of granite resting on top of a
boulder which rose conspicuously above its
neighbors.

  A monument!

  Here, where only a second ago he had
told himself that perhaps no other human
foot than his own had come! The old sign
of a man-made trail, the sign to be read
from afar, to last on into eternity. For
the shrieking winds of winter and the
racing snows do not budge the flat rock
laid carefully upon flat-topped stone.

  Was he tricking himself? Had nature,
in some one of her mad moods, done this
trick? He strode over to.it swiftly, slid-
ing down the side of the slope up which
he had clambered, making his way by
leaps and bounds from rock to •rock.

  The monument was man-made.

  Nature doesn’t go out of her way, as
some man had done, to get a block of
granite, carry it a hundred yards up-hill,
and place it upon a rock of another kind
and shade where it can be the more con-
spicuous.

  One monument calls for another in a
trackless field of stone. In a moment,
farther along the ridge, he found the sec-
ond monument. He hurried to it. Yon-
der, lower on the slope, was the third; a
hundred yards farther on, the fourth!

   He got the trend of the trail now, for it
curved only a bit, and they ran straight,
straight toward the eastern rim of the
valley lying far below him. And the other
way, the trail ran back toward the canon
from which he had climbed. A trail here,
in the very innermost heart of the Sasno-
kee-keewan, where met* said there were no
trails!

  Eagerly he turned back toward the
THE FIRE FLOWER.

363

canon. Monument after monument he
found, leading cunningly between giant
boulders, undfcr cliffs, down a little, up-
ward a little, down again, slowly, gradu-
ally seeking the lower altitude. Again and
again Sheldon lost the way, which had but
rock set on rock to indicate it; but always,
going back, he picked it up again.

  There were a dozen monuments to show
the way before he came down into the
meadow a mile above the spot where he
had left Buck. And here also, at the base
of the slope fully two hundred yards from
the willows of the creek, he found a fresh,
green willow-rod. It had been dropped
here not more than a few hours ago, for
the white wood where the bark had been
torn away was not dried out. A bit of the
bark itself he could tie into a knot without
breaking it. And the stick had been cut
with a sharp knife, the smooth end show-
ing how one stroke had cut evenly through
the half-inch branch.

  “ My wild man came this way,” was
Sheldon’s eager thought. “ He knew the
trail over the mountain, and has gone on
ahead. And that knife of his—”

  He shuddered in spite of himself, and
again cursed himself for getting what he
called “ nerves.” But he thought that it
was a fair bet that same knife had been
driven into the backs of at least two men.

  He went back for his horse, walking
swiftly. Three hours had slipped away
since noon. But he told himself that he
was not “ burning daylight.” He had
found a way over the mountain, a way he
believed his horse could go with him.
And if luck was good, he’d camp to-night
in the valley down into which he had
looked from the peak.

  And somewhere, far ahead of him, per-
haps not a thousand feet away, watching
him from behind some tree or rock, was his
“ wild man! ” He was beginning to be
certain that it was a man, a little fellow,
dwarfed in body and mind and soul, and
yet—

  And yet the track might have been that
of a boy of ten, or of a woman. Right
then he swore that he was going to find out

whose track that was before he turned his
back on the Sasnokee-keewan.

  “ I’d never be able to get it out of my
head if I lived to be a thousand years old
if I didn’t get a look at the thing,” he as-
sured himself. “ Thank God it’s early in
the season.”

  When he stopped to rest, he already
had the habit of keeping his back to a tree.

CHAPTER IV.

THE CHASE.

AGAIN Sheldon traveled on until after
nightfall and moonrise. Even the
long twilight of these latitudes had
faded when finally, following the monu-
ments of an old, old trail, he came down
into the valley which he had overlooked
from the peak.

  Horse and man were alike tired and
hungry. They found a small stream, and
in the first grove where there was sufficient
grass, Sheldon made his camp for the
night. And the fact that he was tired was
not the only reason, not even the chief
reason perhaps, that he did not build his
custorriary camp-fire.

  He ate a couple of cold potatoes, a
handful of dried venison, a raw onion, and
was content. He even decided that he’d
manage without a fire in the morning.
The smoke of his fire last night had, no
doubt, told of his coming; he meant now
to see his wild man before the wild man
saw him. So he put it to himself as he
tethered Buck in the heart of the grove
and made his own bed. And he slept, as a
man must sleep so often out on the trail,
“ with one eye open.”

  Through the night he dozed, waking
many times. He must have slept soundly
just before morning. With the dawn he
woke again and did not go to sleep. The
uneasy sense was with him, as it had been
before that something had wakened him.
He sat up, listening.

  Only silence and the twitterings of the
birds awaking with him. And still a
sound echoing in his ears which he could
364

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

not believe had been only the unreal mur-
mur in a dream. He drew on his boots
and slipped out of his blankets. He was
wide awake and with no wish to go to
sleep again. Turning toward the creek,
he stopped suddenly.

  There wa,s a sound, far off, faint, only
dimly audible. A sound which was at once
like the call of some wild thing, some forest
creature in distress, and yet like the cry of
no animal Sheldon had ever heard. He
strained his ears to hear. It was gone,
sinking into the silence. And yet he had
heard and his blood was tingling.

  He snatched up his rifle and ran down-
stream, dodging behind trees 'as he went,
pausing now and then to peer through the
early light, hurrying on again.

  “ This time, if it is you, Mr. Wild
Man,” he muttered, “ I’ll be the one who
does the creeping up on you.”

  Two hundred yards he went, hearing
nothing. Then again it came, a faint,
sobbing cry which, as before, stirred his
blood strangely. It was so human, and
yet not human, he thought. Less than
human, more than human—which? In-
articulate, wordless, a bubbling cry of fear,
or of physical suffering? The call was
gone, sinking as it had sunk before, and
again he ran on, his pulses bounding.

  With sudden abruptness, before he was
aware of it, he had shot out of the tim-
bered land and upon the edge of the little
blue lake he had looked down upon yes-
terday afternoon. Not a hundred paces
from him the breeze-stirred ripples of the
lake were lapping upon the sandy shore.

  Here was one of those white rocks he
had marked at the lake’s side. And here
upon the rock, arms tossed out toward the
sun, which even as he paused breathless
shot a first glimmer above the tree-tops,
was “ his wild man.”

  Clad only in the shaggy skin of a brown
bear, which was caught over one shoulder,
under the other, stitched at the sides with
thongs; arms bare, legs, feet bare, the
body a burnished copper, the hair long
and blown about the shoulders, was a—
girl!

  He gasped as he saw, still uncertain. A
dead limb cracked under his feet, and
quick as a deer starts wfien he hears a
man’s step she whirled about, fronting
him. He saw her face clearly, and the arm
lifted raising his rifle fell lax at his side.
For surely she was young, and unless the
light lied she was beautiful.

  About her forehead, caught into her
hair, were strange, red flowers unknown
to him. Her arms were round and brown
and unthinkably graceful in their swift
movements. She was as alert as any wild
thing he had ever seen, and had in every
gesture that inimitable, swift grace which
belongs by birthright to the denizens of
the woodlands.

  Only an instant did they confront each
other thus, the man stricken with a wonder
which was half incredulity; the girl still
under the shock of surprise. And then,
with a little cry, unmistakably of fear, she
had. leaped from the rock, landed lightly
upon the grassy sod, and wafe running
along the lake-shore, her hair floating be-
hind her, flowers dropping from it as she
ran.

  And John Sheldon, the instant of un-
certainty passed, was running mightily
after her, shouting.

  Not until long, long afterward did the
affair strike him as having in it certain of
the elements of comedy. Now, God knows,
it was all sober seriousness. He shouted
to her in‘English, crying, “ Stop; I won’t
hurt you!” He shouted in an Indian dia-
lect of which scraps came to him at his
need. And then, breathless, he gave over
calling.

  She had turned her face a little, and he
was near enough to hazard the guess that
she was frightened, and that at every shout
of his the fear of him but leaped the
higher in the throbbing breast under the
bearskin. So he just settled down 1o
good, hard running; he, John Sheldon,
who, in all the days of his life, had never
so much as run after a girl, even figur-
atively speaking.

  Even above the surge of a score of other
emotions this one stood up in his heart—
THE FIRE FLOWER.

365

he counted himself as good a man as other
men, and this girl was running away from
him as an antelope runs away from a
plodding plow-horse.

  He saw her clear a fallen log, leaping
lightly, and when he came to it he mar-
veled at its size, and as he leaped feared
for a second that he was not going to
make it. Already she had gained on him;
she was still gaining. She looked over her
shoulder again; he fancied that the
startled terror had gone, that she was less
afraid, being confident that she was the
fleeter.

  “ And yet, deuce take it,” he grunted
in a sort of anger, “ I can’t shoot her!”

  The little bare, brown feet seemed to
him to have wings, so light and fleet were
they, so smoothly and with such amazing
speed did they carry her on. Seeing that
she would infallibly distance him and slip
away from him into the woods where he
could never hope to come upon her again,
he lifted his voice once more, shouting.
And then he cursed himself for a fool.
For at the first sound of his voice, boom-
ing out loudly, she ran but the faster.

  Then suddenly Sheldon thought that he
saw his chance. Yonder, a few hundred
yards ahead of her, was a wide clearing,
and in it he saw that a long arm of the
lake was flung far out to the right. She
would have to turn there; he did not
wait, but turned out now, hoping to cut
her off before she could come around the
head of the arm of the lake, which, no
doubt, in her excitement, she had for-
gotten.

  Straight on she ran. He saw her flash
through a little clump of shrubs close to
the water’s edge; saw that she was going
straight on, and then guessed her pur-
pose. She was not going to turn out. She
had disappeared behind the trees. He
thought that he had seen her leap far out,
just a glint of sun on the bronze of her
outflung arms.

  Still he pounded on, turning to the right,
certain that he could come to the far. side
before she could s'wim it. But the arm of
the lake extended farther than he had an-

ticipated; already she was far out, swim-
ming as he had seen no man swim in all his
life, and he knew that the race was hers.
Panting, he stopped and watched; saw the
flashing arms, the dark head with the hair
floating behind her.

  “ It’s a wonder that bearskin doesn’t
drown her!” was his thought.

  And then, coming close to where she
had disappeared behind the bushes, he
saw the bearskin lying at the edge of the
lake, the water lapping it. And John
Sheldon, who seldom swore; never when
the occasion did not demand it, said
simply:

  “ Well, I’ll be damned. I most cer-
tainly will be damned.”

  He picked the thing up and looked out
across the lake. Just in time to catch the
glint of the sun upon a pair of bronze
arms thrown high up as though in tri-
umph as his “ quarry,” speeding through
the screen of willows, disappeared again.

  “ The little devil!” he muttered, a lit-
tle in rage, a great deal in admiration.

  Carrying the trailing bearskin, still
warm from the touch of her body, he
turned again to the right, trudging on
stubbornly along the arm of the lake.
There was no particular reason why he
should carry the bearskin. But on he
went with it, a trophy of the chase. And
in his heart was as stubborn a determina-
tion as had ever grown up in that stub-
born stronghold. He’d find her, he’d get
the explanation of this madness, if it was
the last thing in the world he ever did.

  And then suddenly, lacking neither im-
agination nor chivalric delicacy, he felt
his face growing red with embarrassment.
The situation seemed to him to be pre-
senting its difficulties.

CHAPTER V.

THE TOMB OF DREAMS.

SHELDON gave over asking himseif
unanswerable questions and hurried
on around the end of the lake and
into the forest beyond where the lithe rac-
366

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ing figure had shot through the shadows
like a shimmering gleam of light.

  He found her trail and followed it eas-
ily, for it ran in a straight line and
through a meadow where the grass stood
tall and had broken before her.

   Only infrequently did it swerve to right
or left to avoid one of the big trees in her
path. As Sheldon went on he saw many
a field flower or tuft of grass which she
had bent in her phssing straighten up; it
seemed to him almost that they were sen-
tient little creatures seeking to tell him
“ She went this way!”

  He was fully prepared to follow the
track of her wild flight across miles if
need be, his one hope being that she con-
tinued in a meadow like this which held
the sign of her going. He was no longer
running at the top speed with which the
chase had begun, nor was he walking as
he had been for a moment while she
swam. His gait had settled down into a
steady, hammering pace which he could
keep up for an hour, his one hope being
now to win with his greater endurance.

  For the most part his eyes kept to the
ground that he might not lose the trail
and much precious time finding it again.
Only now and then would he glance up,
to right or left, to make certain that she
had not turned out at last to double back
or seek shelter in the mountain slopes.

  And as he came plunging with accele-
rated speed down a gentle incline, swing-
ing about a grove of young firs which
stood with outflung branches interlacing
so that they made a dense dark wall, his
eyes were upon the ground, watchful for
her trail.

  For a second he lost it; then, without
checking his speed he found it, turning
again,a very little, this time to the left to
avoid a" second thickly massed group of
young firs.

  He ran around this, swerved again a
very little as he came up'out of the hollow
and to a flat open space, saw the track
leading straight across the level sward,
entered a larger grove of firs, lost the
trail for a dozen steps, ran on, shot out

of the grove and—came to a dead halt,
staring in utter amazement.

  If at that moment he had been asked
who in all the wide world was the simon-
pure king of fools, he would have an-
swered in unqualified vehemence, “ John
Sheldon!”

  With a bearskin which he must admit
he had acquired rather in defiance of con-
vention, in one hand, with a rifle in the
other, his hat back yonder somewhere
under the limb which had knocked it off,
looking he was sure such a fool as never a
man looked before, he was standing with
both feet planted squarely in the middle
of the main street of a town!

  He had more than a suspicion that in
some mysterious Aivay he had gotten very
drunk without knowing it. He was by
no means positive that he was not a rav-
ing maniac. If he had been obliged to
tell his name at that bewildering second
it is a toss whether he would have said
“ King Sheldon,” or “ John Fool.”

  His mind was a blank to all emotions
and sensations save the one that reddened
his face. If a man had ever foretold that
he would some day see a girl out in the
woods, upon a lake shore where no doubt
she was going to take a bath; that he
would first scare her half out of her wits
and then wildly pursue her for a quarter
of a mile, shouting God knows what mad-
ness at her; that he’d grab up the morn-
ing robe which she’d worn and come wav-
ing it after as he ran; that he’d rush on
so blindly that he didn’t know what he
was doing until he was right square in the
middle of a town—well, it would be mild
to say that he would have dubbed that
man an incurable idiot.

  And yet in front of him stood a house,
builded compactly of logs and rudely
squared timbers, that might have stood
there half of a century. To the right
stood a house. To the left a house.
Straight ahead ran a narrow street, houses
upon the right, houses upon the left. In
that blindly groping moment he felt that
he had never seen sd many houses all at
once in all the days of his life. And yet
THE FIRE FLOWER.

367

he was no stranger to San Francisco or
Vancouver nor yet New York!

  He hardly knew what to expect first:
A great shout of laughter as men and wo-
'men saw him, or a shot from a double-
barreled shotgun. ♦

  “ If she’s got a father or a brother
and he doesn’t shoot me,” he muttered,
“ he’s no man.”

   But there came neither shout of laugh-
ter nor shot of gun. As the first wave of
stupefaction surged over him and passed,
leaving him a little more clear-thoughted,
there came the inclination to draw back
swiftly into the trees before he was seen.

   But he stood stone still. For at last it
was evident that there was no one to see.
There was the town, unmistakably a typ-
ical, rude mining camp. But it was still,
deserted, a veritable city of desolation.

  Nowhere did a rock chimney send up
its smoke to stain the clear sky; the
street was empty, grown up with grass
and weeds and even young trees; no
child's voice in laughter or man or wo-
man’s voice calling; no dog’s bark to vi-
brate through the stillness which was ab-
solute; no sound of ax on wood or of
hammer or of horses’ hoofs; no stirring
object upon the steps which were rotting
away, nor at door or window.

   No sign of life, though he turned this
way and that, searching. Everywhere the
wilderness was pushing in again where
once man had come, vanquishing it. Be-
fore him was the most drearily desolate
scene that had ever stood out before his
eyes. In some strange way it was unut-
terably, indescribably sad.

  He came on again, slowly. Obeying an
impulse which he did not consciously
recognize, he stepped softly as a man
does in a death chamber. His soul was
oppressed, his spirit drooped suddenly as
the atmosphere of the abandoned camp
fell upon it.

   By daylight, gloom haunted the tenant-
less buildings; by night, here would be
melancholia’s own demesne. Nowhere
else in the world does one find that ter-
rible sadness which spreads its somber

wings in the abode of man long given over
to the wild to be a lair for its soft-footed
children.

  More questions demanding answers
and all unanswerable. He sought to
throw off the influence which had fallen
upon him and went on more swiftly, seek-
ing the girl who had fled here. Had she
stopped in one of these ruined houses?
Was one of them “ home ” to her? Who
lived here with her? And why? Were
they, like himself, chance comers, newly
arrived? Or did they, like the log houses,
belong to this land; were they like every-
thing of man here, being drawn back into
the mighty arms of the wild?

  This part of the world, the fastnesses
stretGhing from Belle Fortune to Rum-
inoff Shanty on the Gold River, was what
he and his fellows glibly called “ new
country.” What country on the earth is
new? What nook or corner has not once
known the foot of man and his conquer-
ing hand? And, given time, what bit of
the world has not in the end hurled its
conqueror out, trodden down his monu-'
ments, made dust of his labors, and
crowned his hearths in creeping vines
and forgetfulness, wresting it all back
from him?

  The thoughts which came to him had
their own way in a mind which was half
given to the search resumed. Questions
came involuntarily; he did not pause or
seek to answer them. Hurriedly he went
up and down, turning out for fallen tim-
bers, circling tangled growths.

  At every open door and window he
looked in eagerly, noting less the sagging
panels and broken shutters than the dark
interiors. Many roofs had fallen, many
walls were down, many buildings were but
rectangular heaps of ruins grown over
grass. But other houses, builded solidly
of great logs, with sturdy steep roofs,
stood defiantly.

  “ There was a time when hundreds of
men lived here,” he thought as he has-
tened on. “ Men and women, maybe, and
perhaps children! Why did they go like
this? Even a town may die like a man,
368

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

even its name be forgotten in a generation
or two.”

  Pusning through a rear yard long ago
so reclaimed by the wilderness that he
must fight his way through brush shoul-
der high, he came out suddenly upon a
path. It ran, broad and straight, toward
the lake. There, upon a little knoll, until
now hidden from him by the trees, was
the largest building of the village, the
one in a state of the best preservation.
The path ran to the door. On either side
of the doorstep, cleared of weeds, was a
space in which grew tall red flowers. He
stopped a moment, his heart beating fast.

  The door was closed,' the windows were
covered with heavy shutters. He came
on again, walking warily, his eyes every-
where at once. What should a man ex-
pect here in the dead city of the Sasno-
kee-keewan? A rifle ball as readily as
anything else. And yet he came on
steadily, his own rifle ready.

  At last he stood not ten steps from the
closed door, wondering. Some one lived
here; so much was certain. The well-worn
path told it eloquently. Then, too, there
were signs of digging about the little
flower garden. A woman’s work—hers.
And she, herself, was she in there now?

  “I might go up to the door and knock,”
he muttered. “ The regular way when
you want to know if any one is at home!
But I have precious little desire to be-
come pile of bleached bones number
three.”

  He lifted his voice and called. A star-
tled squirrel that had been watching him
curiously vanished with a sudden whisk
of tail, and a big woodpecker upon a dis-
tant falling wall cocked a pair of bright
eyes at him impertinently. Sheldon wait-
ed, turned this way and that, called again.
Then again, louder.

  “ Devil take it,” he grunted in sudden
irritation. “ There’s got to be an end of
this tomfoolery. If I have to do with
crazy folk I might as well know it now
as any time.”

  He went up the two steps to the door
and rapped sharply. Still there came no

answer. He rapped again and then put
his hand to the latch. The door was fas-
tened from within.

  “ Who’s in there?” he called. “ Can’t
you answer me?”

  His voice died away into silence; the
woodpecker went back to his carpenter-
ing. A hush lay over the world about
him.

  He called again, explained that his in-
tentions were friendly, argued with the
silence, pleaded and then lost his temper.

  “ Open!” he shouted, “ or by the Lord
I’ll beat your old door off its hinges!”
Then, for the first time, he thought that
he heard a sound from' within, the gentle
fall of a foot as some one moved. His
head turned a little, listening eagerly, he
heard no other sound.

  Lifting his rifle, he drove the butt hard
against the door. It creaked, rattled, and
held. He struck again, harder.

  His rifle was swung back for the third
blow when a voice answered him, the
voice of a girl, clear but troubled, uncer-
tain, thrilling him strangely with-the
note in it he had heard this morning when
he awoke, suggesting as it did the wild.

  “ Wait,” said the voice. “ Wait—a—
little—while.”

  To describe the voice, to put a name
to the subtle quality of it which made it
different from any other voice Sheldon
had ever heard was as impossible as to
describe the perfume of a violet to one
who has no olfactory nerve.

  But in one respect her speech was defi-
nitely distinctive, in that each word came
separately, enunciated slowly, spoken
with the vaguest hint of an effort, as
though her tongue were not used to shap-
ing itself to words at all.

  “All right,” answered Sheldon. “ That’s
fair. How long do you want me to wait?”
“ Just—little—bit,” came the clear an-
swer, the little pauses seeming to indicate
that she was seeking always for the right
word. “ Not—damn—long.”

  “ Oh!” said Sheldon.

  “ Go over by that house that is all
broken,” continued the voice. “ Then I
THE FIRE FLOWER.

369

will open the door.” There came a pause,
then the words uttered with great impres-
siveness: “ Do what I say almighty quick
or I’ll cut your white liver out!”

  Sheldon obeyed, wondering, more than
ever. As he went he dropped the bear-
skin close to the door.

  “ I’m putting your—your dress where
you can reach out and get it,” he said as
he went.

  There was no answer.

CHAPTER VI.

KING MIDAS AND NAPOLEON.

AS directed, Sheldon went back down
the knoll until he stood near a
tumble-down shanty there, some
fifty or sixty feet from the sturdy log
house, from which he did not remove his
eyes. As he went the door opened a very
little, just enough for a pair of alert and
vigilant eyes to watch him.

  When he stopped he was prepared to
see a round, brown arm slip out to re-
trieve the fallen bearskin. But instead
the door opened quickly, there stepped
out what at first glance seemed to be a
boy clad in man’s trousers, boots, and
terribly torn and patched blue shirt. But
her hair lay in two loosely plaited braids
across her shoulders, and hardly the sec-
ond glance was needed to assure him that
here was no boy, but she who had fled be-
fore him.

  In coming out the door had opened just
far enough for her to pass out, then had
been closed so quickly that he had had
no glimpse of the cabin’s interior. She
stood still, a ht nd upon the latch behind
her, facing him.

  Sheldon raised his hand to lift his hat,
remembered and said quietly:

  “ Good morning.”

  “ Good morning,” she repeated after
him.

  He was near enough to guess something
of what lay in her eyes. Certainly a
strange sort of curiosity underlay her
penetrating gaze which seemed in all

     2	A-s

frankness to search deeply for all that a
long look could tell her.

  And, it seemed to him, under this look
lay another that hinted to him that she’d
whirl, jerk the door open, and disappear
in a flash if he so much a stook a step
forward. So he moved back another pace
or two, to reassure her, leaning against a
fragment of wall.

  If she regarded him with fixed intent-
ness, no less did the man stare at her.
There was every sign of hasty dressing;
she must have drawn on the first gar-
ments falling to her hurrying hands. The
boots were unquestionably many sizes too
large; trousers and shirt were‘monstrous-
ly ill-fitting. And, even so, the amazing
thing was that she was most undeniably
pretty. And, burned as she was from the
sun, she was not an Indian. Her hair was
a sunkissed brown; her eyes, he fancied,
were gray.

  “ I am sorry,” said Sheldon after a
considerable silence, “ that I frightened
you just now.”

  Her gaze did not waver, lost nothing
of its steady, searching intentness. He
could see no change of expression upon
her slightly parted lips. She offered no
remark to his, but stood waiting.

  “ I think,” he went on in a little, put-
ting all of the friendliness he could man-
age into his voice, “ that I was at first
startled as much as you. I’d hardly ex-
pected to stumble upon a girl hfre, you
know!”

  If she did know she didn’t take the
trouble to tell him that she did. There
was something positively disconcerting in
the scrutiny to which she so openly sub-
jected him.

  “ You see,” he continued his monologue
stoutly, determined to overlook any little
idiosyncrasies, “ it was a surprise to me
to see your tracks, in the first place. And
then to come upon you like that—and to
find this old settlement here— Why, I
had always thought that no man had ever
so much as builded him a dugout in the
Sasnokee-keewan.”

  He stopped suddenly. It struck him
370

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

as ridiculous: this was he babbling on
while she stood there looking at him like
that. Certainly he had given her ample
opportunity to say something. Yet she
seemed to have not the slightest inten-
tion of opening her mouth. Still she
watched him as one might watch some
new, strange animal.

  “ What’s the matter?” he demanded
sharply, her attitude beginning to irritate
him. “ Can’t you talk?”

  “ Yes.” Just the monosyllable, clearly
enunciated. She had answered his ques-
tion; he hoped she would go on. But she
made no offer to do so.

  “ Well,” cried the man, “ why don’t
you? You’re not keeping still because
we haven’t been introduced, are you?
Good Lord, why do you look at me like
I was part of a side show? Didn’t you
ever see a man before? I’m not trying to
flirt with you! Say something!”

  His nerves had been tense, and at best
his temper was likely to flare out now
and then. He wished for a second that
she was a few years younger so that he
could take her across his knee.

  “ Flirt?” she repeated after him, lift-
ing her brows. She shook her head.
“ What must I say?”

  The suspicion came upon him that she
was secretly enjoying herself at his ex-
pense, and he said quickly:

  “ I should think you could find a num-
ber of things to say here where a stranger
doesn’t come every day. You might even
ask me inside and strain no sense of con-
vention. You might offer me a cup of
coffee and nobody would accuse you of
being forward! You might tell me where
I am and what town this is—or was. You
might tell me something about the rest
of your party, where they are, and when
I can have a talk with some one who is
willing to talk.”

  For a moment she seemed to be pon-
dering what he had said. Then, as bid-
den, she answered, speaking slowly, tak-
ing up point by point:

  “ You cannot come inside. I would
lock the door. I would shoot you with

a big gun I have in there. It is like yours,
but bigger. Coffee?” She shook her
head as she had before. “ I don’t know
what that is. This town is Johnny’s
Luck. I have no one else for you to talk
to. You must go away.”

  Sheldon stared at her incredulously.
The short laugh with which he meant to
answer her was a bit forced, unconvincing
in his own ears. The girl watched him
with the same keen, speculative eyes.

  “ You don’t mean for me to believe
that you are here all alone?” he de-
manded.

  She hesitated. Then she answered in
her own words of a moment ago:

  “ I have no one else for you to talk to.”
“ That’s pure nonsense, you know,” he
retorted bluntly. She made no reply.

  “ I got off my trail and blundered into
this place,” he went on presently. “ I’m
going on out presently. I’m not going to
trouble you or any of your people.”

  “ That is nice,” was the first remark
voluntarily given. Sheldon flushed.

  “ Just the same,” he said a little stern-
ly, “ I’m not going out like a blind fool
without finding out a thing or two. If
you’re up to some kind of a lark it strikes
me that it’s run on about long enough.
There’s precious little use in your pre-
tending to be the only one in here.”

  By now he knew better than to expect
her to speak except in reply to a direct
question, and so continued:

  “ Will you tell me who you are?”

  “ I am Paula.”

  “ Paula?” he said. “ Paula what? ”

  “ Just Paula,” quietly.

  “ But your other name?”

  “ I have just one name. I am Paula.”
For the life of him he did not know
what to make of her. There was the pos-
sibility that she was playing with him. In
that case she played her part amazingly
well! There was the possibility that she
spoke in actual as well as in seeming sin-
cerity.

  “Who•'is your father?” he asked ab-
ruptly.

  And at her answer, calmly, quietly
THE FlRE FLOWER.

371

spoken, he was startled into the suspicion
of the third possibility—madness.

  For she had answered gravely:

  “ He is a king. His name is Midas.”
From under gathered brows his eyes
probed at her like knives. Was she hoax-
ing him, or was she mad? Unless she
was crazed why did she so cleverly seek
to appear so? What maid stands out be-
fore a man, stranger though he be, and
poses to him in the light of an insane
woman? If she were not mad, then why
was she striving to make him believe her
so? Then why?

  He had come to her for answers, and
he but got new questions that were, as
yet, unanswerable. When he spoke again
it was thoughtfully.

  “ Why do you tell me your father is
King Midas?” he asked.

  “ Because you said to me, ‘ Who is
your father?’ ”

  “ And you just naturally and truthful-
ly tell me he is a king! What’s the use
of this nonsense?”

  She made no reply. There was a little
silence before he spoke. There came to
him clearly the sound as of some heavy
object falling upon bare floor within the
cabin.

  “ There is some one else in there!” he
exclaimed impatiently. “ Who is it?
Why don’t they come out and answer me
sensibly if you won’t!”

  Positively now there was a quick look
of alarm upon her face. For a second
he thought that she was going to whisk
back into the house. And then she cried
hurriedly:

  “ He is in there—yes. The king!
And Napoleon is there and Richard and
Johnny Lee. Shall I throw open the
door for them to put out their guns and
shoot you?”

  “Great Heavens!” gasped Sheldon.
And to her, wonderingly, “ Why should
they shoot me? What harm am I doing
any one?”

  “ I know! ” Her voice, until now so
quiet, suddenly rang out passionately.
“ You come from the world outside,

from over there!” she threw out her arm
widely toward the south. “ You come
over, the mountains from the world out-
side where all men are bad! Where
they fight like beasts for what we have
here, where they steal and kill and
cheat and lie and snatch from one an-
other like hungry coyotes and wolves!
You come here to steal and kill. I
know! Haven’t others come before you,
bad men creeping in from the outside?”
A strange sort of shiver ran through
Sheldon’s blood. But, with quick in-
spiration, he asked her:

  “ And what has happened to them?”
“They died!” was the unhesitating
answer. “ As you, too, will die and
quick if you do not go out and leave
us. I should have killed you last night
while you slept. But you startled me;
I had never seen a man like you. The
others had beards; you had no hair upon
your face and for a little I thought you
were a woman, another like me, and I
was glad. And then you woke—and I
ran. I should have killed you—”

  She broke off pantipg, her breast
rising and falling tumultuously. Her
eyes were bright and hard, her tanned
cheeks flushed.

  “ She’d drive a knife into a man
sleeping and never turn a hair!” was
Sheldon’s silent comment.

  “I tell you to go!” she flung at him
again. “ Before I have you killed like
the others. What do you want here?
What is here that belongs to you? You
are looking for gold. I know! That is
what the others wanted. Do you want
to die as they died?”

  “Listen to me!” interrupted the man
sharply. “ I didn’t come here to hurt
you. I didn’t come for gold. I came
because I lost the trail.”

  “ Liar!” she cried out at him.
Silenced, he could but stand and stare
at her. And slowly all sense of anger at
her words died out of him and into his
heart welled a great pity. For no longer
did he wonder if she but played a part
or was mad.
372

ALL-STORY * WEEKLY.

  Again, through the brief silence,
there came to him faintly the sound of
something stirring within the cabin. He
listened eagerly, hoping to guess what it
was moving beyond the door she guard-
ed so jealously. But the sound had
come and gone and it was very still
again.

  Was there one person in there? Or
were there two? Or more? Man or
woman? Surely there was some one,
surely there could not be two mad peo-
ple here! Then why did the one in
there hold back, letting her dispute en-
trance to the stranger? Why was there
not another face to show at a crack of
the door or at a window?

  Questions, questions, and questions!
And no one to answer them but a mad
girl who said that she was Paula, daugh-
ter of King Midas! No; not even Paula
to answer. For suddenly she had jerked
the door open, slipped inside, and
Sheldon heard the sound as of a heavy
bar dropping into wooden sockets.

  He was quite alone in the empty
street of a town that had lived and died
and been forgotten. And never in all his
life had he been more uncertain what
next to do.

CHAPTER VII.

THE COMPANY PAULA KEPT.

LESS for the breakfast without which
he had left camp than realizing the
wisdom to caching his blankets and
provisions, Sheldon’s first step was back
toward the spot where Buck grazed.

  If those within the old cabin meant
to seek to escape talking with him they
would not stir forth immediately but
would peer forth many times, cautiously,
to make certain that in reality he was
not watching from shelter of the grove.
He could dispose of his. pack, eat
hastily and be again in front of the
cabin within less than an hour.

  He drew back swiftly, made sure with
a glance over his shoulder that the door

had remained shut, the shutters of the
windows undisturbed, slipped through
the fir grove and then broke into a trot,
headed up the meadow.

  Selecting some tinned goods hurriedly,
he rolled everything else, blankets and
all, in his canvas, found a hiding place
which suited him in a tiny, rocky gorge,
piled rocks on top of the cache, and re-
turned for his horse. Buck he led
deeper into the forest that lay upon
the eastern rim of the valley and left
there where there was pasture and
water, hobbling him for fear of the long
tie rope getting tangled about the bushes
which grew under the trees.

  When the pack-saddle had been tossed
into a clump of these bushes he felt
reasonably sure that his outfit was safe
for the short time he expected to be
away from it. Then, eating as he went,
he turned back to the town which
Paula, the daughter of Midas, called
Johnny’s Luck.

  As he came again into the abandoned
street he examined each ruined cabin
as he passed it, stopping for all that
still stood, making his way to the door
through more than one weed-grown
yard, slipping in at door or window
where the buildings were still upon the
rim of being habitable.

  Nor were his puzzles lessened at the
signs everywhere that men, when they
had given over these dwellings, had
gone in wild haste. They had not taken
fittings and furnishings with them, at
least nothing cumbersome had gone out.

  He could picture the exit from the
homes that had been almost a frenzied
rushing out of doors flung rudely open
and left to gape stupidly after their de-
parting masters. Yes, and mistresses.
For it was written in dusty signs that
women, too, had walked here and had
fled as though from some dread menace.

  But to a man knowing the vivid tales
of the western country as Sheldon knew
them here was a. mystery which must
soon grow clear as the memory of half-
forgotten stories came back to him.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

373

  He saw rude chairs and tables stand-
ing idly under dust of many, many years’
accumulation; chairs which had been
pushed back violently as men sprang to
their feet, some overturned and left to
sprawl awkwardly until, as time ran by,
they fell apart and in due time came
to disintegrate as all other things phys-
ical crumble in the world.

  He saw pictures tacked to-walls, knew
that they had been cheap colored prints
or newspaper illustrations; thick earth-
enware dishes and utensils of iron and
tin upon more than one stone hearth,
invariably the homes of spiders; cup-
boards where food had lain and rotted,
discoloring the unpainted wood; a
thousand little homely articles which in
the ordinary course of house vacating
would have been packed and taken
away.

  Johnny’s Luck had been a mining
town; for no other conceivable reason
would men have made a town here at
all as long ago as Johnny’s Luck gave
every evidence of having been builded.
And its life had been that of many
another village of the far-out land in the
days of the early mining madness.

  Rumor of gold, strong rumor of gold,
had brought many men and some few
women, most of the latter what the
world calls bad, some few perhaps what
God calls good, to answer the call and
the lure.

  They had been so sure that they had
builded not mere shanties, but solid
homes of logs; they had remained here
for many months—and then, no doubt,
the bottom had fallen out of Johnny’s
Luck. The vein had pinched out; the
gold was gone.

  And then, so did Sheldon reconstruct
the past from the dust-covered ruin
about him, word had come to Johnny’s
Luck of another strike out yonder
somewhere, beyond the next ridge, per-
haps; perhaps a hundred miles away.
T)>hat word had come into camp mys-
teriously as word of gold always travels;
men had whispered it to their “ pard-

ners ” and in its own fashion the word
had spread.

  There had been that first attempt at
stealing away by stealth as some few
hoped to be miles from camp before
every one knew. Others had seen; men
in that day attributed but the one motive
to hasty, stealthy departure.

  The stealing away had turned into a
mad rush. Some one, a nervous man
or an excitable woman, had cried out
the magic word, “ Gold!” And then
homes had been deserted with a speed
which was like frenzy; a few precious
belongings had been snatched up; chairs
and even tables overturned, and down
the long street of Johnny’s Luck they
had gone, fighting for the place at the
fore, the whole camp. And, for some
reason, they had never come back. Per-
haps they had come to learn that
Johnny’s Luck was unlucky.

  It was simple enough after all, he told
himself as he came at length to the base
of the knoll upon which stood the cabin
into which the girl had gone. Like
everything else in the world, simple
enough when once one understood.

  Up and down the Pacific coast, from
tidewater some mountainous hundreds
of miles inland, how many towns had
grown up like Johnny’s Luck, almost in
a night, only to be given over to the
wild again, deserted and forgotten in an-
other night. There are many, some still
lifting vertical walls, some mere mounds
of grass-grown earth where one may dig
and find a child’s tin cup or a broken
whisky bottle.

  Simple enough when one understood,
he pondered, staring at the closed door.
But what explanation lay just here; this
girl could not have been born when
Johnny’s Luck flourished; whence had
she come, and why?

  It was broad morning, the sun rising
clear above the last of the trees so that
its light fell upon the two beds of red
flowers. On the doorstep lay the bear-
skin as he had left it. From the rock
ar:d dirt chimney smoke rose. Coming
374

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

closer to the house he heard now and
then a sound of one walking within. He
fancied that he heard a voice, hardly
more than a whisper.

  His purpose taken, he stood watching,
waiting. If he had to stay here until
some one came out, if he were forced
to linger here all day, camp here to-
night, he was not going away until the
last question was answered.

  “ I’d be a brute to go off and leave
her alone here,” he told himself stub-
bornly. “ Or, perhaps, worse than
alone. The poor little devil won’t know
how to take care of herself; God knows
what she’s up against as it is. Any-
way, here I stay!”

  The windows remained shuttered; the
door stood unopened; the smoke from
the chimney grew a faint gray line
against the sky and was gone; it was
death-still in the house. An hour passed
and Sheldon, striding back and forth, on
the watch for a possible attempt to slip
■away through a door which he had
found at the rear, grew impatient.

  Another hour, and never a sound.
Such watching and waiting, with noth-
ing discovered to reward his patience,
was the death of what little patience was
a part of John Sheldon’s makeup.

  “ I’ve waited long enough,” he mut-
tered.

  He strode straight between the beds
of red flowers, up the three steps made
of logs, and rapped at the door. The
sounds died away , as all sounds seemed
to do here, swallowed by the silence,
echoless, as though killed by thick walls.
So he knocked again, calling out:

  “ I’ve no habit of prying into other
peoples’s business, but I am not used to
being treated like a leper, either. Open
the door or I shall batter it down.”
Hurried whispers within, then silence.
He waited for a moment. Then swing-
ing back his rifle he drove the butt
mightily against the door, close to the
latch. There was a little cry then,
Paula’s voice he was suie, a cry of pure
fear.

  “ Poor little thing,” he thought. “ She
thinks I’m going to kill her!”

  But he struck again and the thick
panel of the door, dry and old, cracked.
Again, and Paula’s voice again, this
time calling:

  "Wait! Wait and I will come!”

  “ No,” he answered in flat stubborn-
ness. “ I’ll not wait. I am coming in-
side. Open, the door.”

  “ You cannot! You must not! What
is it that you want here? What have
we that you would take away from us?
Go back into the world outside. Go
quick—before we kill you!”

  He laughed savagely.

  “ You are not going to kill me. And
we’ve talked nonsense long enough. I
tell you I am not going to hurt you.
Who is in there with you? Why doesn’t
he talk?”	,

  Whispers, quick, sharp, agitated. But
no answer. Sheldon waited, grew sud-
denly angry and struck with all his
might. The door cracked again; two
long cracks showed running up and
down. But the bar within held and the
cracks gave no glimpse of the room’s
interior. He struck once more.

  “ Wait! ” Paula’s voice again, strangely
quiet. “ I am coming.”

  He stepped back a little, standing
just at the side of the door, his rifle
clubbed and lifted. There was so little
telling what next to expect here in a
land which seemed to him a land of
madness. He heard her at the door.

  She was taking down the bar. He
was sure of it. But why was she so
long about it? And it seemed to him
that in the simple process she made an
unnecessary amount of noise. And she
kept talking, rapidly now, her voice
raised, her utterances almost incoherent
as though she labored under some tre-
mendous excitement:

  “ Don’t you see I am opening th«
door? But you must step back, down
the steps. I’ll hear you going. I am
afraid. You might reach out and seize
me. Just a minute now, only a minute.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

375

I don’t hear you though. You must go
down the steps. Then I will come out;
then you can come in. I am hurrying—
hurrying as fast as I can.”

  It only whetted his suspicion. What
was going on just ten feet from him,
beyond that wall? There was no loop-
hole through which an out-thrust gun
barrel could menace him, he had seen to
that. And, if a gun was thrust out as
the door opened, he could strike first; he
was ready. But if he went back down
the steps—

  Suddenly he knew. He heard a little
scraping sound which, low as it was,
rose above the sound of Paula’s young
voice. It was at that other door at the
back. Some one was there, opening it
cautiously. The forest came down close
to the house at the back.

  He leaped down the steps and ran
around the side of the house, of no mind
to have them give him the slip this way.

  “Hurry!” Paula had heard him, had
guessed his purpose as he theirs, and was
screaming, “ Hurry! He is coming!”
The rear door, little used perhaps, had
caught. But as Sheldon raced around
the corner of the cabin the door was
flung violently open and an astonishing-
ly, wildly uncouth figure shot out,
making strange, horrible sounds in his
throat as he ran.

  It was a man, so tall and gaunt that
it seemed rather the caricature of a man.
Clad in shirt and trousers, the flying
feet were bare. The head was bare, and
from it the hair, long and snow white,
floated out behind him. The beard,
long and unkempt, was as white as the
hair of his head.

  His eyes—Sheldon saw them looking
for one brief moment straight into his
own—were the burning, brilliant eyes of
a madman. Had there been doubt in
the case of the girl there was room for
nt> doubt here. The man was only too
clearly a maniac.

  Just the one look into the terrible eyes
was given to Sheldon. The man ran as
Paula had run this morning, but with a

greater, more frantic speed. Crying out
strange, broken fragments of words he
dashed into the trees. And Sheldon
stopped.

  Paula was still in the house. With
little chance to overtake the man, with
no wish to have them both escape him,
Sheldon whirled and running with all the
speed in him, came to the open door.
It slammed in his face; Paula, too, had
just reached it. But not yet had she
had time to make it fast. He threw his
weight against it; he could hear her
panting and crying out in terror. The
door flew open. He was in the house.

  But now she was running to the other
door. The bar there was still in its
place. Her hands lost no time now, but
whipped it out, dropped it clattering to
the bare floor, jerked the door open.

  She was on the steps, outside when
Sheldon’s arms closed about her. She
screamed and tore at his arms as he
swept her off of her feet. He marveled
at the strength in her; he felt the
muscles of her body against his and
they were like iron. But he held her.

  She struck at his face, beating at him
with hard little fists. But he held her.
And at that she had in her all the fierce-
ness of a mountain cat. She was pan-
therine in her rage that flashed at him
from her eyes, in the supple strength of
her body, in all the fierceness which he
had whipped to the surface"

  Though she struggled, he brought her
back into the cabin. He even managed
to slam the door and, while he held her
and she beat at him, to drop the bar
back into place. He carried her across
the room to a tumbled bunk there and
threw her down upon it, standing be-
tween her and the rear door, still open.

  Suddenly she was quite still. She lay
there, her breast shaking to the rage and
fear that shone in her eyes. She did
not seek to move, but lay breathing
deeply, watching him.

  From somewhere far out in the woods'
there floated to them a strange cry bil-
lowing weirdly through the stillness.
376

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

   Sheldon stepped acro6S the room and
 picked up his rifle.

CHAPTER VIII.

JOHN SHELDON—MAGICIAN.

 SHE stirred a very little; then lay still
 again. Pantherine! The word de-
 scribed her as no other word could
 do. Even in the little movement there
 was the litheness and grace that is so
 characteristic of the monster wild cats.
 Her eyes moved swiftly with every
 slightest move on his part.

  She was like an animal a man has
trapped, watching him narrowly, under-
standing something of his purpose,
groping to read it all. When her eyes
left him at all it was to travel in a flash
to the door, to come back as swiftly. He
still stood in the way. He was almost
over her, so that he could be upon her
before she was fairly on her feet.

   Now the wild rise and fall of her breasts
 had lessened a little. She breathed more
 regularly, with now and then a long, lung-
 filling sigh. She lay with one arm flung
 above her head, the other at her side.
 He saw the red marks of his hands
 upon her wrists and frowned.

   He had been as gentle as he could.
But only unmerciful strength, not gen-
tleness, could have quieted her. He
thought how different she was from any
girl in that outside world of which she
spoke as a land of wickedness.

 -	He, too, kept his eyes upon her, her
 and the open door. But he glanced
 about the room. The interior of the
 cabin was just, what he could have
 imagined it to be. A few rough chairs,
 a table, some dishes, a fireplace with a
 littered hearth, a partition across the
 room with a bunk on each side.

   He found that he -was Breathing as
quickly as she was. His forehead was
wet. As he looked down at her, rest-
'ing, she seemed merely a slender, sun-
browned slip of a girl. He marveled
at the strength in that trim little body.

  “ I am sorry if I hurt you,” he said
quietly when a few moments had passed
in silence. “ I didn’t want to hurt you.

I don’t want to hurt you ever. Won’t
you believe me?”

  She made no answer, but continued to
stare at him, a hint of a frown gather-
ing her brows, her eyes dark with dis-
trust. From the depths of his heart he
pitied her. Would it not be better if
he turned now and went out of the
hcuse, leaving her? If he went his way
back over the mountains and into the
“ outside world,” carrying not even the
tale to tell of her? Mad, born of a mad
father, what hope lay in life for her?

  “ Little Paula,” he said gently, sooth-
ingly, as he might have spoken to a very
little girl, “ I am sorry for you. Very
sorry, little Paula. I want to be your
friend. Can’t you believe me?”

  Troubled eyes, eyes filled with dis-
trust and fear and emotions which
blended and were too vague for him to
grasp, answered him silently. He moved
a step; her eyes, full of eagerness,
turned to the open door.

  “ No,” he said steadily. “ You can’t
go yet. Pretty soon I am going to let
you go; you and your father. And I
will go away and not even tell that you
are here. He is your father, isn’t he?”

  “ Yes,” she said dully.

  “ All I want now,” went on Sheldon,
his voice as gentle as he could make it,

“ is for you to rest and stay with me
until your father comes back.”

  “ He will never come back while you
are here,” she said listlessly. “ Never.”

  “ He’ll be away a deuced long, long
time then,” he assured her grimly. “ I’ll
stay all year if I have to. What makes
you think he won’t come back if I am
here?”

  “ I know,” she answered decidedly.

  She stopped there. He questioned -
her still further, but she was defiantly
silent, so he drew a chair up and sat
down, his rifle across his knees. She
watched him curiously, losing not so
much as his slightest gesture.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

377

   Perplexed, he brought out his pipe,
 scarcely conscious that he did so. It
 was his way to smoke at times of un-
 certainty when he sought to find a way
 out. He swept a match across his
 thigh, set it to the bowl of his pipe,
 drew at it deeply, and sent out a great
 cloud of smoke.

   “ You are a devil!” she screamed. “ A
 devil!” .

   She had leaped to her feet, seeking to
 stoop under his arms as he sprang in
 front of her, wildly endeavoring to
 escape through the open door. But he
 caught her and carried her back to the
 bunk. She fought as she had fought
 before, striking at him, scratching, even
 trying to sink her teeth into his forearm.

   “I’m not the one who is the devil!”
 he panted as at last he had thrust her
 back and stood over her again.

   His pipe had fallen to the floor. He
 saw that her eyes were upon it now in-
 stead of on him. And the look in them
 was one of pure terror. She was afraid
 of a man’s pipe!

   Suddenly he understood and his abrupt
 laughter, startling her, whipped her
 piercing look back to him. She drew
 away from him, crouching against the
 wall, ready to strike if he drew closer or
 to leap again toward the liberty he de-
 nied her. And Sheldon, even while he
 pitied-her, laughed. He could not help it.

   But in a little, heartily ashamed of
 himself, and yet grinning over his words,
 he said to her:

   “ You poor little thing, that isn’t any
 'infernal apparatus! It’s just a pipe and
 the stuff in it isn’t brimstone, but merely
 Virginia tobacco. Everybody smokes
 outside—that is, pretty nearly all the
 men do,” he added hastily. “ But I
 shouldn’t have smoked without asking
 your consent, in the first place, and I
 shouldn’t inflict that old pipe on any
 one if he did consent. But, honestly,
 Paula, there’s nothing satanic about it.”

   “Liar!” she flung at him in scornful
 disbelief.

   He picked up the pipe, knocked out

the fire, and stuffed it back into his
pocket.

  “ Look here,” he said quietly, his good-
natured grin still in evidence at the cor-
ners of his mouth and in his eyes; “ you’ve
just made up your mind to hate me and
call me names. It isn’t fair. Give me a
chance, why don’t you? I’m not half as
bad as you’re trying to make me out.”

  She looked her disbelief, offering no re-
mark. She made no pretenses; she hated
him, held him in high scorn, would have
struck him down had she been able,
would dodge out of the door- and slip
away into the forest if he gave her the
chance.

  But, sane or mad, there was one char-
acteristic which she had in common with
all other human beings. Even through
her fear and distrust of him, always had
her curiosity looked out nakedly. He
sought to take advantage of this to make
her listen to him, then to draw her out a
little. So, speaking slowly and quietly,
he began to tell her of his trip in, of
having lost his trail, of many trifling in-
cidents of the journey.

  Then he spoke of Belle Fortune, of men
and women there, of the sort of lives they
led. And of the world beyond Belle For-
tune, the world “ outside.” Of Seattle
and San Francisco, of the ships and ferry-
boats, of stores and theaters, of public
gatherings, dances, picnics; of how wo-
men dressed and how men gambled—a
thousand little colored bits of life with
which he wished to interest her.

  “ Men are not bad out there,” he as-
sured her. “ Some are, of course; but
most of them are not. They help one
another often enough; they are friends
and pardners, and a pretty good sort.”

  He talked with her thusly for an hour.
Through it she sat very still, her back
against the wall, her knees drawn up be-
tween her clasped hands, her eyes steady
upon his. What emotions, if any, he
stirred in her breast, he could not guess.
Her expression altered very little—never
to show what she thought of him.

  He felt rather hopeless, ready to give
378

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

over in despair, when out of her calm and
apparently unconcerned, uninterested
quiet came the first swift, unexpected
question. He was speaking carelessly of
some friends in Vancouver with whom he
had visited—the Grahams, who had the
bulliest little team of twins you ever
saw—”

  “ Tell me about them!” she interrupted
eagerly.

  Sheldon, in his surprise at hearing her
speak at all, lost the thread of his story.

  “ The Grahams?” he ' asked. “ Why,
they—” '

  “ No, the babies,” she said. “ I have
never seen a baby. Just little baby bears
and squirrels.”

  She' stopped as abruptly as she had
begun, her lips tight shut. But Sheldon
had gropingly understood a wee bit of
what lay in the girl’s heart, and hurried
to answer, pretending not to see her re-
turn to her stubborn taciturnity.

  “ Well,” he told her, pleased so that
his good-humored smile came back into
his eyes, “ they’re just the cutest little
pair of rascals you ever saw. Bill and
Bet, they call ’em. Just two years when
I saw them last; walking around, you
know, and looking on at life as though
they knew all about it. And up to ’most
anything. They are something like young
bears, come to think about it! Just
about as awkward, falling over every-
thing. And rolypoly, fat as butterballs.
Why, would you believe it—”

  And so forth. Before he got through
he made a fairly creditable story of it,
combining in the Graham twins all the
baby tricks he had ever seen, heard, or
read of. He affected not to be watching
her all the time, but none the less saw
that there was at last a little sparkle of
interest in her eyes.

  “ Poor little starved heart,” he thought.
“ Mad as she is, she is still woman enough
to suffer for the want of little children
about her.”

  When he had done with the twins there
was a long silence in the cabin. He had
pretty well talked himself out, in the first

place. And in the second, he wanted time
to think. He couldn’t sit here and babble
on this way indefinitely. Soon or late he
must seek actively, rather than thus pas-
sively, for the solution to his problem.

  Leaning back in his chair, his hands
clasped behind his head, he smiled at her
pleasantly. And he fancied that she was
puzzled by him, that almost she was
ready to wonder if all men were in truth
the creatures of evil she so evidently had
thought them. Was she almost ready to
believe in him a little bit?

  “ Swallow some more fire,” said Paula
suddenly.

  “ Eh?” muttered Sheldon.

  “ Yes,” she told him. “ I won’t run
this time.”

  His lips twitching, he drew out his pipe
and again lighted it. He saw that she
was tremendously interested. The
scratching of the match made her draw
back as though from a threatened blow,
but she caught herself and did not move
again. He drew in a great mouthful of
smoke and sent it out ceilingward. She
watched that, too, interestedly.

. “ You see,” he informed her with a
semblance of gravity as deep as her own,
“ I don’t swallow the fire. I just take m
the smoke and-send it out again.”

  “ Why do you do it?” she wanted to
know. “ Is it some sort of magic?”
“Bless you, no!” he chuckled." “It’s
just for fun; a kind of habit, you know.
A man smokes just as you’d eat ice-
cream or candy, or something that was
fun to eat. Just as— By glory!” He
caught himself up. “ I’ll bet you don’t
know what candy is! Do you?”

  She shook her head.

  “ Those little fire-sticks.” She kept
him to the subject which now held her
interest. “ They are magic, though.”

  He tossed a match to her.

  “ Light it,” he said. “ You can do it.
You poor little kid!”

  But she drew away from it, shaking her
head violently. And, taking a chance
that he read her character in one par-
ticular, he called her “ Coward!”
THE FIRE FLOWER.

379

  She flashed a look at him that was full
of angry defiance, and reaching out quick-
ly took up the match. He saw that her
hand shook. But her determination did
not. She scratched the match upon the
wall, held it while it burned. And her
eyes, while the embers fell to her lap,
were dancing with excitement.

  “Another!” she cried, like a child, in
evident forgetfulness of her hostility.
“ Another!”

  She lighted them one after the other.
Over the second she laughed delightedly.
It was the first time he had heard her
laugh. He laughed with her,' as delighted
as she. She struck a full dozen before he
stopped her, saying that matches were
gold-precious on the trail and must be
hoarded.

  “Then let me swallow smoke!” she
commanded.

  The vision of this splendid young girl-
animal smoking his black old pipe tickled
his sense of humor, and it was difficult
for him to explain seriously what in most
likelihood would be the result to her..

  “ You’ve missed a lot of fun, little
Paula,” he told her through the cloud of
smoke, which seemed of far greater in-
terest to her than were his words. “If
you’ve actually lived here all your life, as
I’m beginning to believe you have. Never
saw a man smoke; never tasted ice-
cream or candy; never saw a two-year-
old baby toddling around from one mis-
hap to another; never saw a street-car,
or a boat, or a man who had had a shave!
By golly,” growing enthusiastic over it,
“ never ate a strawberry shortcake or had
a cup of coffee! Whew!”

  He put his hand into his pockct. He
had seized his lunch from his pack hur-
riedly and at random. In his haste he
had thought to pick out a can of beans
and one of corn. He had eaten the beans,
and had found that he had not brought
the corn, but the one tin of peaches
which he had brought with him from
Belle Fortune.

  Such things as peaches were luxuries;
but Sheldon had known aforetime the

hunger for sweets which will come to a
man when he’s deep in the woods. He
opened his knife, and under Paula’s bright
eyes cut out a great circle in the tin top.
He speared a half of a golden - yellow
peach, and tasted it to reassure her. Then
he gave her the can.

  •“ Taste that,” he offered.

  Paula tasted, a bit anxiously, taking
out the peach with her finger-tips. There
came into her expression something of
utter surprise, then delight little short of
ecstasy. And then—he marveled how
daintily such an act could be performed
—she licked the sirup from her fingers.

  “ Good?” he chuckled.

  Paula smiled at him.

  Smiled! The red lips parted prettily;
the white teeth showed for a flashing in-
stant. The smile warmed him, went
dancing through his blood. It was a quick
smile, quickly gone. The white teeth were
busy with the second peach.

  “ They were nice,” said Paula. She
had finished, and turned to him with a
great sigh of satisfaction. Sheldon’s
peaches were gone.

  “ I’ve got a slab of sweetened choco-
late in my pack,” he told her, trying not
to look surprised at the empty tin. “ I’ll
bring it to you. It’s like candy.”

  “ You are nice, too,” said Paula. “ Are
all bad men nice?”

  Again Sheldon plunged into a long ar-
gument meant to convince her that he
wasn’t a bad man at all. He rather over-
did it, in fact, so that had Paula believed
all he told her, she must have thought
him an angel. But Paula didn’t believe.

  “ You tell me too many lies,” she said
quietly when he had done.

  He protested and went over th& ground
again. But in one thing he was greatly
pleased; at last she talked with him. He
felt that at least some little gain had been
made. And he hoped that, in spite of her
words, she held him in less horror than
she had at first.

  Once more he sought to draw her out,
to get her to talk of herself, of her life,
of her father.
380

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 “ Have you really lived here all your
 life?” he asked casually.

 “ Yes,” she answered.

 “ And you know absolutely nothing of
 the world outside?”

 “ I know that all men there are bad.
 That they kill and steal and lie.”

 “ How do you know this?”

 “ My father has told me.”

 “'What does he know about it?”

 “ He knows everything. He is very
 wise. And once he lived there. Men
 were so wicked that he left them and
 came away to live here. He brought me
 with him. Once,” she informed him
 gravely, “ I was a little baby like the
 twins. I grew up big, you know ”

 “ Not so dreadfully big,” he protested.
 “ And you live here year in and year
 out?”

 She nodded.

 “ But the winters? There must be a
 deuced lot of snow. How do you man-
 age?”

 “ There is not too damn much snow in
 here,” she informed him. “ The moun-
 tains all around are so high they stop
 much of it.”

 “ Young ladies in the world outside,”
 he remarked soberly, though with a twin-
 kle in his eyes, “ don't say ‘ damn.’ ”

 “ Don’t they?” asked Paula. “ Why?”
 “ They call it a bad word,” he ex-
 plained. “ Maybe it is you, in here, who
 are bad—”

 “ Papa says damn,” she insisted. “ He
 is not bad. He is good.”

 “ We’ll let it go, then. Don’t other
 men ever come here?”

 “ Not many. They never come to
 Johnny’s Luck.”

 “ Why?”

 “ Papa kills them.”

 “Good Lord!” The coolness of her
 statement, the careless tone, shocked him.

 “ We see their camp-fire smoke some-
 times a long way off.”

 “ That’s the way you came upon me
 first, on the other side of the mountain?”
 She nodded.

 “ How was it, then, you came out, and

not your amiable father? You don’t—
don’t do the work sometimes, do you?”

  “ No. I don’t like to kill things.”

  “ And your father rather enjoys it?”

  “ N-no.” She hesitated. “ But he
must. For they are bad, and would hurt
us and take away—”

  “ Take away what?” demanded Shel-
don sharply.

  But she shut her lips tight, and the
suspicion came back into her eyes.

   “ Oh, well,” he said hastily, “ it doesn’t
matter. Only you can rest assured that I
didn’t come to take anything away. Un
less,” lightly, though with deep earnest-
ness under the tone, “ you will let me take
you and your father back with me?”

  The look of suspicion changed to sud-
den terror.

  “No, no!” she cried. “We won’t
go—”

  “ You’d see other women, and' they’d
be good to you,” he went on gently.
“ You’d see their babies, and you’d love
them. You’d have girls of your own age
to talk with. You’ve got to believe me,
Paula. The world isn’t filled with wicked
people. That’s all a mistake.”

  He thought that she wanted to believe
him. She looked for one brief instant
hungry to believe. He pressed the point.
But in the end she shook her head.

  “ Papa has told me,” she said when he
had done. “ Papa knows.”

  The picture of that gaunt, wild-eyed,
terribly uncouth man with brain on fire
with madness was very clear m his mind.
And how she trusted in him, how she be-
lieved in his wisdom To Sheldon, here
was the most piteous case of his expe-
rience. He wondered if the whole affair
would end in his taking the girl in his
arms by sheer brute strength and so
carrying her out of this cursed place. Or,
after all, would it be better, better for
her, if he went away and left them?

  “ I don’t know what to do!” he mut-
tered, speaking his thought.

   A little sound at the door startled him.
He turned swiftly, his hands tightening
about his rifle.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

381

  A squirrel squatted on its haunches on
the door-step, its bright, round eyes fixed
on him in unwinking steadiness. With
quick flirt of bushy tail a second squirrel
appeared from" without. He leaped by
his brother, landed fairly inside, saw
Sheldon, and turned, chattering, and
went scampering out. From the yard he,
too, looked in curiously. There came the
third, drawing near cautiously until he,
too, sat up on the door-step.

  Paula called to them'softly, so softly
that Sheldon, at her side, barely heard
the call. It came from low in her throat,
and was strangely musical and soothing.
She called again. The squirrels pricked
up their ears.

  At the third call one of them came
through the doorway, hesitated, made a
great circle around Sheldon so that the
bushy tail brushed the wall, and with a
quick little jump was on the bunk and
under the girl’s arm. His brothers, em-
boldened, followed him. From Paula’s
protecting arms they looked out at Shel-
don with a suspicion not unlike that
which had been so much in her own eyes.

  The girl cuddled them, cooing to them,
making those strange, soft sounds deep in
her throat. She. looked up at Sheldon
with the second of her quick smiles.

  “ They are Napoleon and Richard and
Johnny Lee!” she told him brightly.
“ They are my little friends. Kiss me,
Napoleon! ”

  And Napoleon obeyed.

CHAPTER IX.

“ BEARS ARE SMARTER.”

IT was high noon. Sheldon needed no
glance at his watch to tell him that.
He was hungry.

  He went to the door, which had re-
mained open all morning—left so in hope
of the return of the mad man—and
closed it. Paula’s eyes followed him in-
tently. He made the door fast by put-
ting its bar across it. A bit of wood
from a pile of faggots by the fireplace he

forced down tight between the bar and
the door, jamming it so that if the girl
sought to jerk it loose it would take time.
He treated the bar of the front door sim-
ilarly.

  The clip of cartridges he slipped out
of his rifle, dropping it into his pocket.
He had thrown no cartridge into the bar-
rel. Then he put the gun down, turned
again toward Paula, and said smilingly:
“ Turn about is fair play. I gave you
a can of peaches; suppose that you treat
me to the lunch?”

  An instant ago she had been teasing
Napoleon and showing no hint of distress.
Suddenly now her lips were quivering;
for the first time he saw the tears start
into her eyes.

  “Won’t you go away?” she asked
pleadingly. “ Please, please go away!”

  “ Why,” he said in astonishment,
“ what is the matter? Don’t you want to
give me something to eat?”	\

  “ Oh,” she cried, even her voice shak-
ing, “ I’ll give you anything if you’ll only
go away! You are bad, bad to keep me
here like this; to drive papa away—”

  “ I didn’t drive him away. I don’t
want him away. I am waiting for him
to come back. That’s all I am waiting
for!”

  “ But he won’t! While you are here
he won’t come back. And, out there, he
will die.”

  “Die!” muttered Sheldon. “What’s
the matter with him?”

  Slowly the tears welled up and spilled
over, running unchecked down her cheeks.
Sheldon, little used to women, shifted un-
easily, not knowing what to do, feeling
that he should do something. Napoleon,
wiser in matters of this sort, made his
way to her shoulder and rubbed his soft
body sympathetically against her cheek.

  “ Open the door,” begged Paula. “ Be
good to me and open the door. Let me
go to him.”

  “ You would not know where to find
him,” he protested.

  “ Oh, yes, I would! I would go to him,
running.”
382

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ He is sick?” he asked.

  Other tears followed the first, unno-
ticed by the girl. Sheldon thought of the
Graham twins: they cried that way some
time, only more noisily. They kept their
eyes open wide and looked at you, and
the tears came until you wondered where
they all came from.

  “ Two times,” she said, her voice trem-
bling, “I have thought he was dead!”
She shuddered. “ I have seen dead
things. Oh, it is terrible! This morning
I thought he was dead! He did not an-
swer when I talked with him. And he
lay still; I could not feel him breathe. I
ran out. I was frightened. I cried out
aloud. You heard me and ran to kill me,
and I ran here. And he was not dead!
Oh, I was glad! But if you do not let
me go to him now—he will die—I know
he will die. And I will be all alone—and
it gets so still sometimes that I can’t
breathe. Please let me go! Please be
good to me!”

  She came to him hurriedly. Napoleon
sprang down and chattered in a corner.
She caught up Sheldon’s hand and held
it, her eyes lifted to his pleadingly.

  “ Don’t be bad to me,” she murmured
over and over. “ Be good to me, and let
me go to him.”

  When Bill and Bet came to him this
way he knew what to do with them. He
picked them up, an arm about each one,
and carried them about adventuring un-
til their mama expostulated. And, sur-
reptitiously now and then when no one
was* looking, he kissed their red, little,
moist mouths.

  “ Please,” said Paula. “ I shall not
call you bad any more. I shall say you
are good and love you. Please.”

  “ Hang it!” muttered John Sheldon.

  “ Please! ” said Paula.

  “ You see—”

  “Please!” said Paula. She laid her
wet cheek against his hand. “ Please!”

  “ Now look here, young lady,” he told
her, flattering himself that he had achieved
a remarkable dignity, and looking more
awkward than John Sheldon had ever

looked before; “ I’H compromise with
you. You say you know where he is?
All right. Sit down and we’ll eat, you
and I. You will then show me the way,
and we’ll go and find him and bring him
back here. I haven’t hurt you, have I?
I won’t hurt him. No,” as her lips shaped
to another “please,” “I’m not going to
let you go alone. We go together—or we
stay right here. Which is it?”

  Paula frowned. Then she wiped away
the tears. Whether some deep feminine
instinct had told her that they had almost
served their purpose but were useless
now will, perhaps, never be known. She
went across the room to a rude cupboard,
and brought from it a blackened pot con-
taining a meat stew. Sheldon was hun-
gry enough to dispense with the stew
being warmed up. Merely to make con-
versation to divert her thoughts from her
father’s danger, he said carelessly:

  “ You must have trouble getting your
meat? You can’t have much ammuni-
tion.” He tasted the stew, and found it,
although salt was noticeably wanted, sa-
vory and palatable. “ What sort of meat
is it?” he. asked.

  “ Snakes! ” said Paula.

  Sheldon had swallowed just before put-
ting the last question. Paula was given
the joy of seeing his tanned cheeks pale
a little. A look of horror came into his
eyes. Then he caught an expression of
lively malice in hers, malice and mirth
commingled.

  “ Snakes and lizards,” said Paula. “ We
catch ’em in holes—”

  “You little devil!” muttered the man
under his breath. And to show her that
he knew now that she was making fun of
him, he went back to his stew. “ Just the
same, Miss Paula,” he told her threaten-
ingly, “ if we ever do get to the outside
I’ll take you to dinner some time, and
I’ll order oysters and shrimps for you.
And crab and lobster, by glory! I won-
der what you’ll say at that?”

  Paula didn’t know, didn’t have any
opinion on the subject.

  “ They are fishes,” she hazarded the
THE FIRE FLOWER.

383

opinion with an uncertain show at cer-
tainty. “ We eat fishes, too.”

  He ate his scanty meal, insisting upon
her coming to sit across the table from
him. She watched him, but refused to
eat. Plainly she was still deeply dis-
tressed. Her eyes were never still, going
from him to the door, to the rifle on the
floor by him, to the door again. But she
made no further attempt at escape.

  Meanwhile he took this opportunity to
examine the cabin more carefully than he
had done so far. A broken bottle stood
in a corner, serving as a vase for a hand-
ful of field flowers. Upon the walls were
a number of pictures gleaned years ago
from newspapers—one a view of the busi-
ness section of a city, one a seascape, one
a lady in a ball dress of about i860 or
1870, one a couple of kittens.

  Upon the wall on Paula’s side of the
partition was a bulge, which was evident-
ly the young woman’s wardrobe, covered
over with a blanket hung from pegs. An
ax with a crude handle lay on the floor.
A long, heavy box served both as re-
ceptacle for odds and ends, and, covered
with a plank, as a bench.

  “ Now,” said Sheldon, “ shall we go
and find your father?”

  Paula did not hesitate, nor did she
again seek to-dissuade him from his pur-
pose.

  “ Yes,” she said.

  He went to the rear door and opened

it.

  “ You must understand,” he told her,
standing in the way so that she could not
pass him, his rifle in his right hand, his
left extended to her, “ that I am not
going to take any chances of losing you
too. You can run faster than I can, and
I don’t want you to prove it again. You
must give me your hand.”

  For an instant she drew away from
him, the old distrustful look coming back.

  “ I would like to kill you!” she said
in a way which made him believe that she
meant what she said. Then she came
to him and slipped her hand into his.

  So they went out into the sunlight, side

by side, Sheldon’s hand gripping Paula’s
tightly.

  “ Which way?” he asked.

  “ This way.” She nodded toward the
forest closing in about them at the east.
That way the madman had gone. She
seemed to feel no uncertainty, but walked
on briskly, holding as far away from him
as she could manage so that her arm
stretched out almost horizontally from her
shoulder.

  So they went on for a hundred yards
or so, through the great trees that stood
like living columns all about them. Every
nerve tense, Sheldon sought to watch her,
trusting her as little as she him, and at
the same time keep a lookout for her
father.

  One thing he had missed from the cabin
which he had expected to find there. If
the madman had killed thos£ wanderers
who incurred his kingly displeasure by
venturing into his realm, then he must
have taken their guns with their other
belongings.

  There had been no rifle leaning against
the wall, no pistol to be seen. What had
become of them? Certainly no adventu-
ring prospector had ever come in here
without, at the least, his side-arms. It
was quite possible that the madman kept
them secreted somewhere in the forest;
that he had run for a rifle; that even now
he was crouching behind a clump of
bushes, his burning eyes peering over the
sights.

  At every little sound Sheldon turned
this way or that sharply. There was so
little calculating what a madman would
do! But he must take his chances if he
did not mean to turn tail and run out of
the whole affair. And he told himself
that it had been perhaps a matter of
years since a stranger had brought fresh
ammunition here; that the madman
would have long ago exhausted his supply
hunting.

  They went in silence. Paula’s eyes
showed a great preoccupation; Sheldon
had little enough mind for talk. As the
forest grew denser about them, and the
384

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

undergrowth thickened, they came into
a narrow path, well trodden. Now Paula,
despite her evident distaste, was forced
to walk close at his side, sometimes slip-
ping a little behind him. He judged that
they had gone a full mile before they
came to a distinct forking of the trails.

  “ We go this way,” said Paula, indi-
cating the trail leading off toward the
right.

  They turned as she directed. Sheldon
felt a tremor run through the girl’s arm
and looked at her inquiringly. But the
emotion, however inspired, had passed.
She came on, her hand lying relaxed in
his, walking close at his side, passive.

  Presently she said:

  “ We must watch for him now. We
are near the place.”

  On either hand were many small trees,
here and there a fallen log, everywhere
small shrubs which he did not recognize,
thick with bright red berries. He watched
Paula, watched even more for the mad-
man. They came into a cleared space as
wide as an ordinary room.

  “ Look yonder! ” cried the girl sharply.

  She had thrown up her left hand, point-
ing across his breast. He looked swiftly.

  In an instant she was no longer pas-
sive. With all of that supple strength
which he knew to lie in that beautiful
body of hers, she had thrown herself
against him, pushing at him. His weight
was greater, so much greater than hers,
that though taken unaware he was barely
budged two paces.

  But that was ample for the purpose of
Paula. He heard a sharp crackling of
dead branches and leaves, the ground
gave way under his feet, and crashing
through a flimsy covering of slender limbs
and twigs he plunged downward, falling
sheer.

  He threw out his arm to save himself,
his rifle was flung several feet away, Pau-
la had jerked free, and with the breath
jolted out of his body he lay upon his
back in a pit ten feet deep struggling to
free himself of the branches which he
had brought with him in his fall.

  At last he stood up. He had strained
an ankle in striking, he did not know for
the moment whether or not he had broken
his left arm. His hands and face were
scratched, his body was sore, his face
grew red to a towering rage.

  Standing at the brink of the pit, stoop-
ing a little to look down at him, was
Paula. He had never seen a look of
greater, gladder triumph upon a human
face.

  “ You are not very smart,” said Paula
contemptuously, “ to get caught in a trap
like that. Bears are smarter!”

  John Sheldon, for the first time on
record, swore violently in the presence of
a young woman. She did not appear in
the least shocked; perhaps she was ac-
customed to occasional outbursts from
her father. Rather, she looked delighted.
In fact, she clapped her hands, and there
came down to him, to swell his rage, her
tinkling laughter.

  “ When I get out of this I’m going to
spank you,” he growled, meaning every
word of it. “ Good and hard, too! Don’t
you know you might have broken my
neck?”

  “ You are not coming out,” dimpled
Paula. “ If you are very good I will feed
you every day and bring you water.”

. Sheldon answered her With an angry
silence. There is no wrath like that which
has in it something of self accusation; he
might have expected something like this.
Turning his back on her he sought the
way out of the bear pit. Forthwith his
anger, like a tube of quicksilver carried
out into the hot sun, mounted to new
heights while he did not.

  The trap was cunningly made, must
have required weeks in the excavation.
At the bottom it was some ten feet wide;
at the opening above his head perhaps
not over eight feet. Thus its walls sloped
in at the-* top, and he promptly saw the
futility of trying to scramble out. He
would have to use his sheath-knife; hack
hand holds and dig places out for his feet,
and at that he saw that he would have his
work cut out for him.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

385

  And his rifle lay on the ground above!
A sudden, disquieting vision was vivid-
ly outlined in his imagination. Suppose
that the madman came now! He could
stand above, and if he had nothing but
stones to hurl down— The vision ended
with a shudder as Sheldon remembered
two bleached piles of bones.

  Crouching, he leaped upward, seizing
the pitt’s edge. The soil crumbled, gave
way. He slipped back. He heard Paula’s
laughter, coolly taunting. He crouched,
leaped again, furious as he found no hand
hold. To try again would.but be to make
a fool of himself.

  Among the broken branches about him
he sought one strong enough to bear his
weight. He stood it upright against the
wall of the pit. With his knife in one
hand driven into the bank, the other
hand gripping the leaning branch, he
sought to climb out. And then, from
across the pit, at his back, Paula called
sharply:

  “ Stop! I am going to shoot!”

  He slipped back and turned toward
her. She was on her knees, his rifle in
her hands, the barrel looking unnaturally
large as it described nervously erratic arcs
and ellipses. But Paula’s eyes, looking
very determined, threatened him along
the sights.

  With a feeling of devout thankfulness
he remembered that he had taken out the
clip of cartridges at the cabin. Then,
with sudden sinking heart, he remem-
bered also that before he opened the door
to come out he had again slipped the
clip in.

  What he could not remember, to save
him, was whether or not he had thrown
a cartridge into the barrel!

  “ I’ve got one chance out of a thou-
sand, and a cursed slim chance it is!” h^
told himself grimly. “ She can’t miss me
at this range if she tries!”

  Here lay his one chance: // he had not
thrown a cartridge into the barrel, and if
the girl knew nothing of an automatic
rifle, he might have time to get out yet
before she discovered how to operate it.

These two “ ifs ” struck him at that mo-
ment as the tallest pair of ifs he had ever
met.

  He racked his brains for the answer to
that one question: “ Did I throw a load
into the barrel?” One moment he was
certain that he remembered doing so; the
next he was as certain that he had not.
He was very uncomfortable.

  “I’ve got to shoot you!” Paula was
crying. “ I don’t want to, oh! I don’t
want to shoot you. But you would kill
us. You would kill papa and—I’m going
to shoot! ”

  “ For God’s sake shoot and get it over
with, then!” muttered Sheldon. He
didn’t think that he was a coward, but he
knew that he was white as a ghost. And
he didn’t even know that the gun was
loaded!

  The gun barrel wavered uncertainly.
The girl’s finger was on the trigger that
a very slight pressure would set ofP-and
it made him faint to see how that finger
was shaking! Paula had one eye shut
tight; the other peered wildly along the
sights. One instant she was aiming at
his stomach, the next at his knees.

  Paula shut both eyes and pulled the
trigger. After a century-long second in
which there was no discharge, Sheldon
laughed loudly if somewhat shakily. And,
seeing his one chance now about to bring
him his safety, he lost no more time in
inactivity, but began again with knife
and dead branch to try to make his way
out.

  Paula sprang to her feet, her cheeks
that had been pale growing suddenly
flushed, and with the gun at her shoulder,
pulled again and again at the trigger.
Sheldon managed to get half-way out,
lifted his hand to grasp the brink—and
slipped back again.

  Then the girl, crying out angrily, threw
down the gun, whirled, and disappeared
in a flash. Sheldon struggled manfully
to work his way out of his pit before she
should be lost to him entirely in the
woods. But when at last he was out, and
had caught up his rifle, the still woods
386

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

about him hid her, giving no sign which
way she had gone.

CHAPTER X.

THE GOLDEN GIANT.

IX the wilderness which is the Sasnokee-
keewan a man seeking to escape a
pursuer need not have the slightest
difficulty. This fact Sheldon was forced
to admit immediately.

  There were trackless forests where a
fugitive could laugh at a score of hunters,
rocky slopes over which he could run,
leaving no sign of his passing, thickets in
which he might lie in safety while a man
who was looking for him went by so close
that one might easily toss a stone to the
other.

  But for an hour Sheldon sought for
Paula and her father, hoping that through
some fortunate chance he might stumble
upon them. He returned to the forking
of the trails where the girl had directed
him to the right. Now he took the other
path, leading toward the northeast. But
in a little while it branched and branched
again, and there were no tracks in the
grassy soil to help him.

  He followed one trail after another, al-
ways coming back when there had been
nothing to persuade him that he was not
perhaps setting his back toward those he
sought. And in the end he gave over his
quest as hopeless and retraced his steps
to Johnny’s Luck.

  The back door was wide open as he had
left it. He stepped inside, moving cau-
tiously, realizing that one or both of them
might have returned here before him. But
there was no sign that either had done so.
The other door was shut, the bar across
it. The cabin’s interior had been In no
way disturbed since he had been there
last.

  It seemed that there was nothing that
he could do now. To be sure he might
rifle their few belongings in an endeavor
to learn who they were, so that if he was
forced to go back alone to the “ world

outside,” he could see to give word of
them to any relatives they might have.
But he disliked the job; certainly he
would resort to no such action until it
had become evident that it was the only
thing to do. He went out, closed the
door after him, and turned his back upon
Johnny’s Luck. For, while he had the
opportunity, it would be well to look to
Buck and to his pack.

  His horse he found browsing leisurely
in the grove where he had left him. The
pack in the gulch had not been disturbed.
Sheldon went to it for a fresh tin of to-
bacco; made into a little bundle enough
food for a couple of meals, and with a
thoughtful smile he slipped his one slab
of chocolate into his pocket. Then, hav-
ing moved Buck a little deeper into the
grove, he turned again toward Johnny’s
Luck. Soon or late the madman or the
girl would come back to their cabin.
While his patience lasted Sheldon would
wait there for them.

  This time, when he came again into the
cabin, where still there was no sign that
its owners had been there since he had
left it, he closed the back door and flung
the front one wide open. For if the mad-
man and the girl came back, Sheldon pre-
ferred to have them come this way, so
that he could see them in the clearing
that had once been a street of Johnny’s
Luck. Then, with nothing else to do, he
strode back and forth in the rough room
and smoked his pipe and stared about
him.

  So it was that at last one of the pic-
tures upon the wall caught and held his
attention. It was an old line-cut from a
newspaper, held in place by little pegs
through the corners. The man pictured
might have been fifty or he might have
been thirty; the artist had achieved a
sketch of which neither he nor his subject
need be proud. The thing which interest-
ed Sheldon was the printed legend under
the drawing:

  Charles Francis Hamilton, Professor of En-
tomology in Brownell University, Author of
“ The Lepidoptera of the Canadian Rocky
THE FIRE FLOWER.

387

Mountains,“ A Monogram upon the Basil-
archia Arthemis,” etc.

  In ten lines was an article “ of interest
to the scientific world," announcing that
Professor Hamilton, representing the in-
terests of the newly endowed College of
Entomology, an institution whose aims
“ are the pervestigation into the rarer va-
rieties of the lepidoptera flying in the
North American altitudes over 7,000
feet,” was preparing for an expedition
into the less known regions of the Cana-
dian northwest.

  Here was matter of interest to John
Sheldon. That such a clipping should be
found upon the wall of a log cabin in the
Sasnokee-keewan in itself set him musing.
But as he stood looking at it other
thoughts, more closely connected with the
matter in his mind, suggested themselves.
Perhaps the madman had also been a sci-
entist, an entomologist, hence a man of
education. That would explain how it
came about that Paula spoke an English
which was not that of a rough miner.

  But another chance discovery brought
Sheldon closer to the truth. The cup-
board door was open. In plain sight
upon a low shelf was a thick volume.
Sheldon took it up. It was an abstrusely
technical treatise upon butterflies by
Charles Francis Hamilton, Ph.D., and
was dedicated:

 TO MY DEAR WIFE PAULA

  “ Good Lord!”, muttered Sheldon.

  To be sure there might have been no
end of explanations beside the one which
presented itself to him first. But here
was a tenable theory, one to which he
clung rather more eagerly than he as yet
understood.

 The madman was no other than
Charles Francis Hamilton, entomologist
of note about i860. Not only had the
man not always been mad, l^ut at one
time had a brilliant mind. He had come
into the unknown parts of the great
Northwest, so much of which is still un-
known to-day, even though men have

made roads through it. And there he had
lost his sanity.

   One could conceive of some terrible ill-
ness which had broken the man and
twisted his brain hideously, or of an ac-
cident from which merely the physical
part of him had recuperated, or of some
terrible experience such as is no stranger
in the wilderness, hardship on top of
hardship, starvation, perhaps, when a
man is lost and bewildered, some shock
which would unseat the reason.

  Somewhere he had found Paula. It
migRt be as she herself said, that he was
her father; that he had brought her, a
little girl, into the mining country. Or
it was quite as conceivable that he had
“ acquired ” some little motherless, fath-
erless waif, no blood kin to him, and had
reared her as his own daughter, naming
her “ Paula.” In any case, it was made
clear why she did not use the speech of
the illiterate.

  And it was equally obvious that the
girl might be sane.

  “ Of course she is!” said Sheldon, dis-
gusted with himself for his perfectly nat-
ural suspicions. “ What girl raised in a
place like this all her life by a madman
wouldn’t be a trifle—different?”

  And with renewed interest and impa-
tience he awaited their return. Mean-
while he turned the pages of the book
slowly. Here and there he came upon
a slip of paper, yellow with the years,
upon which were notes set down neatly
and in a small, legible hand. For the
most part these notes consisted of Latin
names and abbreviations which meant
nothing to John Sheldon. Against each
annotation there stood a date. These
dates went back as far as 1868; some
were as recent as 1913.

    Get an alienist and an entomologist
together over this thing,” thought Shel-
don, “ and they could figure to the day
when Hamilton went mad!”

  For distinctly the more recent notes
were in the same hand but not inspired
by the same brain as the earlier ones. In
the latter there was the cofd precision of
388

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the scientist; in the others the burning
enthusiasm of a madman.

  A note in the body of the text awoke
in Sheldon this train of thought. Under
the heading Papilioninae (The Swallow
Tail Butterflies) there was written in
lead pencil:

  To-day I have discovered IT! Immortal it-
self, it shall make me immortal! Alt. 10,000 ft.
Aug. 11, ’95.

  Sheldon turned a couple of pages.
Here were further notes under a.new
heading, Sub-family ParnassUnae. The
words were:

  I was misled by the osmateria in the larva.
IT is a Parnassian. And the fools think there
are only four upon the continent! I have found
the Fifth. But I was right about its immortal-
ity. Measurement: about nine feet from tip to
tip. It is found xxxxx. Its food is xxxxx. Ho!
This is my secret! Alt., xxxxx. Date, xxxxx.

F. C. H.

  Sheldon shook his head and sighed.
To him the penciled words were strangely
pathetic. So plainly was there to be seen
the working of the scientific brain which
sought to tabulate important facts in con-
nection with the new Parnassian, so evi-
dent the insane cunning which compro-
mised by putting down a string of crosses
to baffle him who might come upon these
notes.

  “ There is but the one in the world and
I have found it!” was a foot-note. And
then, scattered through the volume were
such penciled jottings as:

  I have named it. It is Parnassius Aureus Gi-
ganticus. The wings are of gold!

   Giganticus flies at sunrise and at sunset.

  I have set my trap at Alt. xxxxx. This time
I shall get him!

  Only one in the world! But-it will oviposit
in nineteen days! I shall raise another one.
There is but one egg.

  A new peak for my trap. The Alt. is wrong.

  The only Parnassius in the world whose wings
are not white, but of gold; whose hind-wing tail
prolongations are like Papilio. This is the Golden
Emperor of Space, the Monarch of the Infinite,
Master of Eternity and Immortality! For its
diet is that elixir, rising mistlike from xxxxx!

Oh! I must not write it down! Not even little
Paula must guess this.

   Flight of incredible speed. I have estimated
to-day that my Golden Giant travels at the rate
of 1 mi. in 12 sec. id est, 300 mi. per hour! He
might sail around the world and other eyes than
mine never see him. This is why he has re-
mained throughout the centuries for me to dis-
cover.	F. C. H.

   Another fool from the world outside has tried
to steal my secret from me. I killed him.

  I am Midas, King of Gold; he is Parnassius
Aureus Giganticus, Great Golden Monarch of
Space. We are Immortals.

  Sheldon stared out through the open
door, his gaze going over the dead, for-
gotten town, and to the little lake lying
languid in the sunshine. For the instant
he forgot Charles Francis Hamilton and
his thoughts were all for Paula.

  A girl reared in the solitude, taught the
weird, wild fancies of a madman, accept-
ing insanity for infallible wisdom! How
should a man deal with such as she must
be? If Midas died—then what?

  “ Would she go with me back to the
world?” he wondered. “ Or is the rest of
her life to be that of a wild, hunted
thing? Even if I can find her, which is
extremely doubtful, can I convince her
that the strongest beliefs of her whole
life are wrong?”

  In truth he found that his perplexities
were but growing. But with his jaw set
he vowed to himself that if he did find
her he’d take her out with him if he had
to bind her with a rope, like the wild
thing she was. Suddenly there came to
him through the stillness a long-drawn
cry of pure terror. It came from far off,
back of the cabin toward the mountain-
side.

  Rifle in hand Sheldon ran out of the
house and plunged into the forest.

CHAPTER XI.

THE GOLDEN EMPEROR’S FLIGHT.

THE hope which stood high in John
Sheldon’s breast was short lived.
There was that one cry, undoubted-
ly Paula’s, then only the silence broken
THE FIRE FLOWER.

389

by Sheldon’s crashing through the bushes.
Now and then when he stopped to listen
he heard only his own heavy breathing.

  But he pushed on, deeper into the
woods. Her voice had floated to him
clearly; she could not be very far away,
and he knew the general direction. But
when he' came at last to the foot of the
mountain where there were long lines of
low cliffs he had found nothing. And,
although he did not give up as the hours
passed and the sun turned toward the
west, his search went unrewarded.

  He went back and forth along the base
of the cliffs, fearing that she had fallen,
that that scream had been whipped from
her as she plunged over a precipice. He
breathed more easily when he could be as-
sured that this was not the case. After
a while he even called out to her, crying
“ Paula! Where are you? I won’t hurt
you.” But there was no answer.

  Why had she cried out like that? One
suspicion came early and naturally. Per-
haps to draw him away from the cabin so
that she or the madman could slip back
to it. He had retraced his steps when the
thought came to him, running. But as
before there was no sign that another
than himself had recently visited the
house.

  Late in the afternoon great black thun-
der clouds began to gather upon the
mountain tops. They billowed up with
the wind-driven swiftness of a summer
storm, piling higher and higher until the
sky was blotted out.	y

  A peal of thunder, another—deep rum-
bles reverberating threateningly. A drop
of rain splashed against his hand. He
could hear the big drops pelting through
the leaves of the trees; scattering drops
kicked up little puffs of dust in dry, bare
spaces. A forked tongue of lightning
thrust into the bowels of the thick massed
clouds seemed to rip them open. The
rain came down in a mighty downpour.
The rumble' of the thunder was like the
ominous growl of ten thousand hungering
beasts.

  The lightning stabbed again and again,

the skies bellowed mightily, the forest
shivered and moaned like a frightened
thing under the hissing impact of the sud-
den wind. The dry ground drank the
water thirstily, but even so, little rivulets
and pools began to form everywhere. The
rain, like a thick veil blown about by the
wind, hid the mountains or gave brief
views of them. For fifteen minutes the
storm filled sky and forest noisily. Then
it passed after the way of summer show-
ers, and Sheldon came out from the
makeshift shelter of a densely foliaged
tree.

  He was a mile or more from Johnny’?
Luck. The storm over, he turned back
on his trail again, determined to gain the
cabin before the daylight was gone, to
wait there again for those for whom it was
futile to search. Then the second time,
unexpectedly, he heard Paula’s voice
calling.

  “ Where are you?” it cried. “ Oh,
where are you?”

  He stepped out of the trail, slipping be-
hind a giant pine. She could not be a
hundred yards away; he thought that she
was coming on toward him, that she was
running.

  The world was filled with a strange
light from the lowering sun shining
through the wet air, alight which shone
warmly like gold, which seemed to throb
and quiver and thrill as it lay over the
forest. It gave to grass and tree a new,
vivid green, a yellow flower looked like a
burning flame. Out of a fringe of trees
into a wide open space Pau’ta came.

  She came on, running with her own in-
imitable, graceful swiftness, until she was
not a score of paces from him. Here she
stopped abruptly, looking this way and
that eagerly, listening. Sheldon, his heart
hammering from his own eagerness, stood
still. If she came a little nearer—

  “ Where are you?” she called again.
“ Man from the world outside, where are
you?”

  Sheldon stared in amazement. She was
calling him, she was seeking him, running
to him!
390

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Before he could answer, her quick eyes
had found him out. With a strange look
in them which he could not fathom, she
ran to him. She was in the grip of some
emotion so strong that she was no longer
afraid of him, so that she laid her hand
for the fraction of a second upon his arm
as she cried brokenly:

  “Come! Come quickly!”

  “ What is it?” he demanded, wondering.
“ What do you want? What is the mat-
ter?”

  “ You must help him,” she answered
swiftly. “ He says to bring you. But
you must hurry. Run!”

  Again she had touched him, was tug-
ging at his sleeve. He looked at her curi-
ously, even suspiciously, not unmindful of
the bear-pit of this morning. But her eyes
were wide with alarm not inspired by him,
alarm too sincere to be mistrusted. Since
all things are possible, it might be that
the madman had sent her to lure Sheldon
into some further danger. But there was
only one way to know.

  “ Go on,” he said crisply. “ I’m with
you.”

  She turned then and sped back the way
she had come, Sheldon running at her
heels, she turning her head now and then,
accommodating her pace to his. This way
and that they wove their way through the
forest. In a little they were again under
the cliffs standing upon the eastern rim
of the valley. In the open now, he car-
ried his rifle in two hands, ready.

  But here at least was no trap set for
him. Paula, running on ahead of him,
now suddenly had dropped to her knees,
and for the first time Sheldon saw the
prone body of the madman. The girl had
taken his head into her lap and was bend-
ing over him; the gaunt, hollow, burning
eyes blazed full at Sheldon. And they
were filled with malice, with lurking cun-
ning, with suspicion, and unutterable
hatred. But the man made no effort to
rise. Sheldon came on until he stood over
him.

  “ He fell from the cliffs?” he asked,
looking down for a second into the eyes of

Paula which, filled with anguish, were
turned up to him.

  She sought to answer, but her voice
broke; she choked up and . could only
shake her head. He looked away from
her to the head resting in her lap. There
was reason enough for the dread in Paula’s
breast; the man was dying!

  “ Tell me,” said Sheldon softly, “ can
I do anything for you? Is there any way
I can help you?”

  The burning eyes narrowed. The old
man lifted a shaking hand and pushed the
tangled beard away from his lips.

  “Curse you!” he panted. “Why are
you here?”

  “ Why, father!” cried Paula. “You
told me to bring him!”

  “ Him?” It was a mutter, deep in the
throat, labored and harsh. “ You were to
get a dotor, girl! This man is a thief, like
the others. He comes to steal our, fortune
from us.”

  Both bewilderment and terror stared out
of the girl’s eyes. Her hand on the old
man’s brow drew the matted hair back,
smoothed and smoothed the hot skin.

  Fully realizing the futility of seeking to
reason with unreason, nevertheless Sheldon
said gently: “ I didn’t come to steal any-
thing. I was just loafing through the
country, got lost, and came here.”

  “Liar!” scoffed the other. “I know
what you want. But you can’t have it;
it is my secret! ”

  “ But, Father,” pleaded Paula, her lips
trembling, “ why did you send me for him
if he—”

  “ Mr. Hamilton,” began Sheldon.

  The old man frowned.

  “ Hamilton?” he muttered. “ Who is
Hamilton? Where is Hamilton?”

  “ You are,” said Sheldon stoutly.
“ Don’t you remember? Charles Francis
Hamilton, professor of entomology in
Brownell University?”

  “ Brownell University?” There came
a thoughtful pause. “Yes; of course. I
am Charles Francis Hamilton, Ph.D.,
M.D., professor of entomology. Who
said that I wasn’t?”
THE FIRE FLOWER.

m

   “ Then, Dr. Hamilton, yon ought to be
able to tell by looking at me,” and Sheldon
grinned reassuringly, “ that I am no
scientist! I don’t know the difference be-
twen a bug and an insect; I swear I don’t!
I’m just a mining engineer out of a job
and down on the rocks.”

   “ Then,” querulously, “ you didn’t come
looking for—”

   “ For the Parnassius Aureus Giganti-
cus?” smiled Sheldon. “ No. And though
you may not believe it, I don’t come look-
ing for gold either!”	/

   His words had a strange, unlooked-for
effect. . He had hoped that they might a
little dispel suspicion. Instead, the mad-
man jerked away from Paula’s hands,
sought to spring to his feet, and achieved
a position. half-kneeling, half-squatting,
his whole body shaken, a wild fury in his
eyes.

  “ My Parnassius!’’ he shrieked. My
Parnassius! He comes to steal it away
from me; it and my immortality with it!
Curse him and curse him and curse him!
He knows; he has stolen my secret. He
says ‘ Parnassius Aureus Giganticus!’ He
knows its name, the name I have given it.
He says ‘ Gold! ’ He knows that the
Parnassius is to be found only where the
mother lode of the world is bared! That
there is a little invisible mist, a vapory
elixir, which rises from gold in the sun,
and that my Parnassius lives upon it,
drinks it in, and that that is why it is im-
mortal! He knows; curse him, he knows,
he knows!”

' He was raging, wildly; his words came
in a tumbled fury of sound like the fall of
waters down a rocky cliff; his body grew
tense to the last muscle, and then shook
again as with an ague. Paula, upon her
feet now, her hands clasped in a mute
agony of suspense, turned frightened eyes
from him to Sheldon.

  Slowly the wreck that was Charles
Francis Hamilton, one time man of scien-
tific note, straightened up; the tall, gaunt
form, swaying dangerously, stood erect.
A terribly attenuated arm was flung up,
then the forearm drawn across the brow

   as though with the motion which pushed
back the streaming white hair he would
clear the burning brain too.

  Then, just as Sheldon was prepared for
a mad attack of the pitifully broken
figure, the pale lips parted to a cry such
as he had never in all his life heard. It
was a cry of pure triumph; the voice was
wonderfully clear now and went ringing
through the silence like a bell’s tinkling
notes. The eyes, too, were clear, bright
as before, but now triumphant, like the
voice, untroubled, filled with the sheer
ecstasy of perfect gladness.

  “ Look!” cried the madman. “ It is
the Golden Emperor of Infinity! Look!
He is coming—to me!”

  Erect, he no longer swayed. The long
right arm thrown out, pointed toward the
western sky and was rigid, unshaken. For
the - moment the figure was dominant,
masterful' the gesture demanded and re-
ceived obedience. In his final moment,
Charles Francis Hamilton stood clothed
in conscious power, unshaken in a great
faith—triumphant. There was no other
word for him then.

  “ Look!” cried the madman.

  But was he mad?

  For both Paula and John Sheldon
turned and looked—and saw what the old
man saw. There in the strange, weird
light in the west, clear against the sky,
were a great pair of wings flashing like
pure beaten gold, as a graceful, speeding
body described a long, sweeping curve,
seemed for a moment to be dropping below
the mountain-tops, then rose, climbing
higher and higher.

  Higher and higher—until it was gone,
until, as the wide wings trembled in the
vault of the clearing heavens, John Shel-
don saw that they were no longer beaten
gold, but just the feathered wings of a
great eagle, metamorphosed for an instant
by a trick of sun.

But it was gone., Gone with it the sod
of a madman. Without a cry, his old lips
forming into a smile indescribably sweet,
his eyes still bright with victory, he
stooped, stooped farther, his legs weakened
392

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

under him, he settled down, rested a mo-
ment, fell backward. His Golden Em-
peror of the Infinite had borne away upon
its golden wings the soul which craved and
now won—immortality!

  “He is dead!” said Paula lifelessly.
“ He is dead!”

  More moved than he had thought to be,
Sheldon knelt by the quiet body. The
fretful pulse was still, the tired heart was
at rest, the fever-ridden brain slept.

  “ Yes,” he said quietly as, kneeling, he
removed his hat and looked up pityingly
into Paula’s set face. “ He is dead. Poor
little Paula!”

  She stared at him with her eyes widen-
ing in eloquent expression of the new’ emo-
tions in her breast. She stood very still,
her hands clasped as they had been when
the old man rose to his feet. Her brown
fingers were slowly going white from their
own steady pressure. Sheldon could only
wonder gropingly what this tragedy would
mean to her. Other girls had lost fathers
before now; but when had a girl lost
every one she knew in the world as Paula
had lost now?

  There was nothing for Sheldon to say,
so he remained a little kneeling, his head
bowed in spontaneous reverence, waiting
for the burst of tears from her which
would slacken the' tense nerves. But it
did not come. Presently Paula drew
nearer, knelt like Sheldon, put her two
warm hands upon the cold forehead.
Sheldon saw a shiver run through her.
She drew back with a sharp cry.

  “Dead!” she whispered. “Dead!”

  “ Poor little Paula,” he said again in
his heart. Aloud he said nothing.

  After a while he got to his feet and
went away from her, dabbing at his own
eyes as he went, grumbling under his
breath. He wanted to take her into his
arms—as he did the twins, Bill and Bet—
to hold her close and let her cry, and pat
her shoulder and say, “There, there!”
There was much of kindness and gentle-
ness and sympathy under the rough out-
side shell of John Sheldon, and it went out

  unstintedly to a slip of a girl who was
alone as no other girl in all the world.

  When he came back she was sitting very
still, her hand patting softly one of the
cold, lifeless hands. She looked up curi-
ously, speaking in a quiet whisper:

  “ He will never wake up?”

  “ Not in this world,” answered Sheldon
gently. “ But maybe the soul of him is
already awake in another world.”

  “ Where the Golden T "tterfly went?”
whispered Paula.

  “ You saw it?”

  “ Yes. With beautiful wings all of gold.
Father knew it was like that. Has his
soul gone away with it? Up and up and
beyond the clouds and through the sky
and to the other world?”

  And John Sheldon answered simply,
saying:

  “ Yes, my dear.”

  Paula was very still again, her eyes
thoughtful.

  “ What will we do with—him?” she
asked after a long silence, the first hint of
tears in her eyes.

  Then he told her, explaining as he
would to Bill and Bet, as one talks with a
credulous child, hiding those things upon
which man is so prone to look as horrible,
showing as best he knew that there is
beauty in death. He spoke softly, very
gently with her, and her eyes, lifted to
him, might have been those of little Bet.

  “ You will get flowers for him,” he said
at the end. “ Hundreds and hundreds of
flowers. You will put them all about him;
we will make him a pretty, soft bed of
them; we will cover him with them. And
every year, in the spring, other flowers
will grow here and blossom and drop their
leaves on his place. And—and, little
Paula, maybe he will be watching you and
smiling at you and happy—”

  It spite of him his voice grew hoarse.
Paula sat now with her face hidden in her
crossed arms. He could see a tear splash
to her knee.

  When the sun rose after the long night
it shone upon a great mound of field
THE FIRE FLOWER.

393

 flowers hiding a lesser mound of newly
 turned earth, and upon a golden-brown
 maiden lying face down in the grass, sob-
 bing—and upon a new John Sheldon.

    For into his life had come one of those
 responsibilities which make men over and,
 together with the responsibility, a tumult
 of emotions bom no longer ago than the
 dewdrops which the morning had hung
 upon the grass.

CHAPTER XII.

GOLDEN EMPEROR’S BAIT.

 DURING that tragic day Sheldon
 never lost sight of the bewildered
 girl—she seemed just breathless
 and stunned rather than grief-stricken—
 for more than half an hour at a time. He
 watched over her while seeming to be
 • busy rifle cleaning or fishing for a trout
 for luncheon. Now and then he spoke,
 just a little homely word of no importance
 other than the assurance to her that she
 was not utterly alone. Not once did she
 return an answer or offer a remark.

    In the late afternoon she brought great
 armfuls of fresh flowers, heaping them
 upon the wilted ones. As night came on
 she stood looking wistfully at them for a
 loaig time. Then she turned and, walking
 swiftly, went back to Johnny’s Luck.
 John Sheldon went with her.

    They had their supper together, sitting
 opposite each other at the crude table.
 Paula ate little, nibbiing absent-mindedly
 at the slab of chocolate, pushing the fish
 aside untasted, drinking the water set be-
 fore her. Sheldon made' coffee, and she
 watched him curiously as he drank the
 black beverage; but she did not taste it.

    “ Look here, Paula,” he said when the
 silence had lasted on until after he had got
 his pipe going, “ We’ve got some big ques-
 tions ahead of us to answer, and we can’t
 begin too soon now. After all, death comes
 to us all, soon or late; it came to your
 father’s father and mother; it has come
 to mine; it will come to you and me some
 day. While we live we’ve got to be doing

something. You’ve got to decide what
you are going to do. I am going out of
here in a few days, and you can’t stay
here all alone.”

  “ I can,” she answered steadily. “ I
will.”

  “ Come now,” he objected, speaking
lightly; “ that’s all wrong, you know. It
can’t be done. Why in the world should
a young girl like you want to live all alone
here in the wilderness? Before, when your
father was with you, it was different.
Now what is there to stay for?”

   “ I shall stay,” said Paula gravely, “ un-
til some day the big golden butterfly comes
and takes me away, too.”

  “ How would you live?” he asked curi-
ously.

  “ As I have always lived. We have the
traps father and I made. I could make
others. I know how to catch fish. I
know many plants with leaves and roots
good to eat when you cook them in water.”
“ But what would you do all the time?”
“ Why,” said Paula simply, “ I would
wait.”

  “ Wait?”

  “ Yes. For the big butterfly.”

  Then Sheldon set himself manfully to
his task. He sought to reawaken the in-
terest which she had shown when he spoke
of the world outside; he spoke of the thou-
sand things she could see and do; he told
her of other men and women; of how they
dressed, of how they spent their lives, of
their aims and ambitions, of their numer-
ous joys; of aeroplanes and submarines;
of telephones and talking machines; of
music and theaters and churches. But
Paula only shook her head, saying quietly:
“ I shall stay here.”

  “ And never see any children?” asked
Sheldon. “ Little babies like Bill and Bet;
little roly-poly rascals with dirty faces and
bright eyes and fat, chubby hands? You’ll
miss all that?”

  “ I’ll stay here,” said Paula. “ This is
my home.”

  And no further answer did he get that
night.	*

  As her weary body, which had known
394

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

so little rest during the last two days, be-
gan to droop in her chair, Sheldon left her,
going to spend the night out in the open
in front of the cabin. Paula closed the
door after him, saying listlessly, “ good
night,” in response to his.

  “ You are not afraid of me any longer,
are you, Paula?” he asked as he left her.

  “ No,” she answered. “ I am not afraid
of you now. You have been good to
me.”

  When, in the morning, he came to the
cabin the door stood open. When he
called there was no answer. When he
went in the cabin was empty.

  Even then he did not believe that she
had again fled from him. He went hur-
riedly through the woods until he came
to the heaped-up mound of flowers, fear-
ing a little, hoping more that he was
going to find her here. But, though he
looked for her everywhere, he did not
find her; though he lifted his voice, call-
ing loudly, she did not answer.

  It was a weary, empty day. At one
moment he cursed himself for not having
guarded against her flight; at the next
he told himself that he could not always
be watching her, and that there was no
reason why he should have suspected that
she was going to slip away now. When
some little sound came to him through
the still forest he looked up quickly, ex-
pecting to see her coming to him. When
she did not come he wondered if he
would ever see this wonderfully dainty,
half-wild maid again.

  All day long he did not give over seek-
ing her, calling her. He grew to hate
the sound of his own voice bringing its
own echo alone for answer. He began
to realize what her going meant; he be-
gan to see that he wanted not only to
take her with him back into his own
world, but that he wanted to give up that
life to showing her the world he had
told her about. He wanted Paula.

  He tramped up and down until he cov-
ered many a mile that day. He ran-
sacked his pack for any*little articles of
food which might be new to her, and

they remained upon the cabin table un-
touched.

  Noon came, and afternoon and evening,
and without Paula he was lonely, he who
had come far from the beaten trails to
be alone!

  In the early night he builded a fire in
the cabin’s fireplace for the light and
companionship of it, and sat staring into
the flames and smoking his pipe, and all
the time listening eagerly. A dozen times
he thought that he heard her light foot-
fall. But she did not come.

  He got up and went to the door, stand-
ing long looking out into the quiet night,
star-filled. The moon was not yet up.
The night was so still, so filled with soli-
tude, that he felt a sudden wonder that
a girl, even a girl like Paula, could be
far out in it, alone.

  Where was she? Lying face down in
the thick of the woods, crushed with the
loneliness which had touched even him?
Or sitting somewhere in the starlight, her
lovely face upturned, her deep eyes seek-
ing to read the eternal riddles of the stars
and the night, her soul grasping at vague
thoughts, her mind struggling pitifully
with the problems of life and death?

  All night he sat before the fire, dozing
now and then, but for the most part
listening, waiting. When morning came
he made a hurried breakfast, and, his
plan for the day formed during the hours
of darkness, left the cabin.

  He had come to. the conclusion that
there must be some hiding-place, some
shelter other than the cabin, which Paula
and her father had used. To that place,
no doubt, the madman had fled when he
had sought to avoid Sheldon; thither,
perhaps, Paula had gone last night.

  It might be another cabin, far out; it
might be a cave in the cliffs. Sheldon
inclined to the latter belief. At any rate,
he told himself determinedly that he
would find this retreat, and that in it
he would discover those belongings of
the men Hamilton had killed, their
knives and rifles, their boots, perhaps.
And he hoped to find Paula.
THE FIRE FLOWER.

395

  He went straightway to the cliffs near
which Dr. Hamilton had died. They
stretched a mile or more to both north
and south. Sheldon admitted to himself
at the beginning that he had his work
cut out ahead of him; thorough search
here for the mouth of a possible cave
might consume weeks. But all the time
in the world was his. He set about his
task methodically.

  All day he climbed in and out among
the boulders and spires of rock. At night
he had found nothing. He returned to
the cabin and, throwing himself upon the
bunk which had once been Dr. Hamil-
ton’s, slept soundly.

  In the morning he went out again, be-
ginning his search where yesterday’s had
ended. That day passed like the other,
ended as it had done. In the forenoon
he killed a young buck that had come
down to the creek to drink, skinned it,
and hung the meat upon the limb of a
tree to dry, building a smudge under it.

  “ If I have to stay here until snow
flies,” muttered Sheldon, “ well, then, I’ll
stay!”

  A week passed. During it he had had
no sign that Paula existed—no hint of
the theoretical “ hiding-place ” which he
sought. But each day he spent long
hours in the quest, striving from the first
glow of dawn to the coming of dusk. He
had searched out every spot of the cliffs
to the south, climbing high up, looking
everywhere. Now, in the same system-
atic way, he turned toward the north.
And upon the second day of the second
week he came upon part of that which
he sought—that and something else.

  Upon a broad ledge a score of feet from
the ground, hard to climb up to, grew a
dense clump of bushes. Only because it
was his plan to look everywhere did he
go up there at all. On the ledge he saw
at once what, from below, had been
masked by the bushes.

  There was a great hole into the cliff-
side through which a man might walk
standing erect. Beyond, where dim dusk
brooded at midday, was the cave. A

glance, as he went in, showed that it was
part nature’s work and part man-made.
At his feet lay a shovel with fairly fresh
dirt adhering to it. Beyond was a pick.
Other picks and shovels, several of them,
lay at one side of the long chamber.

  “ Paula!” he called softly. “ Are you
here?”

  But Paula was not there. As he moved
on deeper into the cavern he saw that
no one was there. There were two tum-
bled piles of blankets, one on each side.
Against the wall by one of them were
five rifles, all of old patterns, not one
an automatic. He picked them up, one
after the other. None was loaded; there
were no unfired cartridges with them.

  Several sharpened stakes had been
driven into the walls which Sheldon found
to be of clay almost rock-hard. From
these pegs hung cured skins of both deer
and bear, wildcat skins, the pelts of other
animals. From one was suspended a gay
little array of old, old-fashioned gowns
like those in pictures of our grandmothers!"
Sheldon sighed, touched them lingeringly,
and called again, “ Paula!”

  He passed on down the length of the
cavern, which had been driven thirty
or forty feet into the mountainside. At
the far end a pick was sticking into the
wall. Near the pick was a bag made of
deerskin. He struck it with his foot.
It was heavy, seemed filled with small
stones. Wondering, he turned the con-
tents out upon the floor.

  And, at the sight disclosed there to him
in the dim interior of this gloomy place,
the soul of John Sheldon, mining engi-
neer, adventurer into the far-out places,
thrilled within him.

  The bag was half-filled with gold
nuggets.

  “Bait for a madman’s trap!” he said
aloud, huskily. “ To catch the Golden
Emperor of Space!”

  He went down on his knees, the gold
caught up into his hands, his eyes bright
with the old, forgotten, but never dying,
fever. He ran back to the cave’s open-
ing, carrying his hands full, staring at
396

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the yellow crumbling particles, light-
stricken. He had never seen such gold;
he had never believed gold existed like
this.

  He whirled and hastened back into the
cavern, going to the bag which still lay
on the floor. The pick, still in its f)lace,
caught his eye. He jerked it out, break-
ing away a dozen handfuls of the hard
clay. He struck the clay with his boot-
heel, breaking it apart. And from the
fragments which he carried to the light
there shone up at. him the dull yellow of
gold.

  The old, old fever rode him hard, hav-
ing taken him thus unaware, leaping out
upon him from the dark of the unex-
pected. His hands shook with it. He
had found gold before; he had known
the wild fires it sets in a man’s brain.
But never had he found gold like this,
never had he known so seething a tumult.

  “All men look for the mother lode!”
he whispered. “ Why shouldn’t it be
waiting somewhere for the man who can
find it? Why shouldn’t this be it?”

  He had forgotten Paula. A man for-
gets everything when he finds gold, much
gold, pure, yellow virgin gold. Often
enough he ceases for the moment to be
a man, and is like a wild beast hunger-
ing, tearing at bloody meat.

  He went here and there eager and
breathless, driving the pick into the time-
hardened clay, taking with shaking hands
the earth he dug out, muttering to himself
as he found again and again that there
was in it the glint and gleam of gold.

  “ There is nowhere in the world a man
so rich as I!” he whispered. And then
he thought of Paula.

  He went out upon the ledge outside,
and sat down in the sunshine and lighted
his pipe. This gold was not John Shel-
don’s unless John Sheldon were utterly
contemptible. It was Paula’s. Her birth-
right. Was he the man to rob a woman?
The man to cheat a girl? A girl like
Paula? He shook his head.

  “ I was drunk on the cursed stuff!” he
said half-angrily.

  But if Paula did not come back? if,
lcok as he might, days came and went,
the summer passed, and Paula did not
come back and he could not find her?

  Then a curious fact presented itself to
John Sheldon. It was this: If he were
confronted with a choice in the matter,
if he had to lose the wealth untold lying
at his finger-tips or lose forever the
golden-brown maiden—why, he could
snap his fingers at the gold!

  “Something has come over me!” he
grunted at the thought.

  He had never been more right in his
life.. In his own words, something had
come over him.

CHAPTER XIII.

CONSUMMATION.

A MONTH passed, and John Sheldon,
who might have taken the gold
and left the girl, let the gold lie
and sought Paula.

  They were lonely days, and more than
once he went to his horse for compan-
ionship. The provisions which he had
brought in with him had dwindled away
to nothing. His coffee was gone; he
drank water for breakfast. His bacon
was but a haunting memory. Beans and
onions and potatoes were with the snows
of yesteryear.

  He missed them, but could manage
upon venison and trout. But, especially
after meals and before he turned in at
night, when he looked into the black and
empty bowl of his pipe, he shook his head
and sighed.

  Verily, a mighty thing is a man’s love
for a woman! For, even when his to-
bacco was a thing of the past, John
Sheldon, a man who loved his smoke,
stayed on and contented himself with
sunflower leaves!

  He had once said, “ I’ll stay if I have
to wait until snow flies!” Now he said,
“ I’ll find her if I have to ,stick on the
job all winter.”

There were days when he roamed for
THE FIRE FLOWER.

397

miles into the mountains; nights when
he slept far out, as Paula was perhaps
sleeping. Again, there were times when
he slept in the cabin or at the mouth
of the cavern, on the ledge.

  Many a time, at dusk, he climbed to
some peak to look down over the valley
and distant ridges, hoping to see some-
where the blaze of her fire. Day after
day he sought some other cave, some
other distant cabin where, perhaps, she
was hiding; where it might be that sup-
plies had been cached against such a
time as this. But the month went and
another was well on the way, and his
search was fruitless.

  There came a soft night, throbbing
with star radiance, glowing with the
promise of a full moon, just rising be-
yond the eastern ridge, when Sheldon,
tired and spiritless, came back into
Johnny’s Luck from a long tramp tojhe
north.

  As he trudged back along the trail he
had come to know so well he told himself
that he was all kinds of a fool; that if
he were not he’d put all the gold upon
Buck’s back that a horse could stagger
under, take upon his own shoulders all
that he could carry, and go back to Belle
Fortune and the world beyond.

  But he knew that he would, not go;
that he would remain there until he found
Paula or knew that she was dead. Lately
he had come to fear that one of the
innumerable possible accidents had be-
fallen her.

  Head down, weary and hopeless, he
made his slow way toward the cabin.
He was within a score of paces from the
house when he stopped with a sharp
exclamation, standing staring.

  She was there. She had heard him,
was before him to the door, had come
out into the night to meet him. The
man stood looking at her in bewilderment.
For here was no Paula whom he knew;
no brown maiden of the bearskin; no
boyish slip in miner’s boots and clothes.

  Oddly, the memory of something he
had seen years ago and many miles from

here, came into his mind vividly. He had
once found one of those strange plants
called the fire-flower which flourish in
bleak desolation, companionless; a won-
derful creation with burning, blood-red
heart, which upon the barren sweep of
lava-beds is at once a living triumph and
a mystery of loveliness.

  This girl, here alone in the land of
abandoned ruins and lonely, desolate
isolation, was like that.

  The Fire Flower!

  Paula came on, taking short little steps
which alone made her some new Paula.
He looked down and saw a pair of in-
credibly small slippers, seeming brand
new, flashing in the moonlight. He
looked up and saw Paula smiling!

  “ I have come back to you,” said
Paula, “ because you are good and I love
you. Are you glad?”

  She had come back to him like a great
lady out of an old love-story. Her hair
was in little, old-fashioned curls; her neck
and throat gleamed at him modestly from
the laces and ribbons which bewildered
him; upon her brown fingers were dainty
mitts of 1870, and the gown itself, it
was an elaborate and astounding ball-
gown, all wide hoops and flounces, so that
she seemed to him to be riding out to
him upon a monster puff-ball. That her
costume should, to the last detail, be like
that of the lady of the picture, she car-
ried in her hand a fan.

  Paula with a fan! Paula in hoop-
skirts!

  “ You are not glad?” cried Paula, her
lips, which had been curved to her laugh-
ter, suddenly trembling.

  “ Glad!” cried John Sheldon. “ Glad! ”

  And, a hundred things clamoring for
expression, that was all that he said.
Paula put her head to one side, like a
bird, and looked at him. He looked at
her, her curls, her sleeves, her ribbons,
her fan—

  Then Paula, gifted with understand-
ing, laughed.

  “ Are you afraid of me now?” she
asked softly.
398

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Before God—yes!” muttered Sheldon
huskily.

  “ Kiss me!” said Paula.

  She put up her red mouth temptingly,
her eyes teasing and gay. And Sheldon
hesitated no longer and was afraid no
longer, but took her into his arms, hoop-
skirts and flounces and ribbons and laces
and all, and held her tight, tight.

  “ Oh!” laughed Paula. “ You are like
a bear. You hurt, and you will ruin my
dress. I have saved it always—always
and always—for—”

  “ For what, Paula, dear?” he asked.

  “ For to-night—for you! ” she answered,
her voice an awed whisper like his own.

  “ But you didn’t know—”

  “ Oh, I always knew! Some time you
would come, a man tall like poor father,
and strong—and young—and beautiful!
I would dream of it sometimes and it
would make me shiver, like cold. Like
you make me shiver now!”

  “ Oh, my dear, my dear,” said Sheldon.
“ And I have been afraid you would never
come back; I have walked mile after mile
looking for you.”

  “ I know! ” nodded Paula brightly.
“ I watched you every day.”

  “ What!” he cried.

  “ Oh, yes. I will show you to-morrow
where I hid. It is up there in the rocks;
another cave like the one you fpund—
but you could never find this one unless
I showed you, it is so cunningly hid.
And every day I watched you. And one
day I saw you go into the forest and
come back with a strange, terrible beast
bigger than a black bear following you,
and I was afraid and screamed. I thought
that it would eat you and—”

  “ Beast?” asked Sheldon.

  “ Yes. But you had caught it and
tied a rope around its neck and were its
master. Oh, I was glad I was so far
away you didn’t hear me. And proud
that you were so strong a man, so brave
a man to capture a big beast, bigger than
a bear—”

  “ Buck! It was my horse, child! And
you don’t even know what a horse is?”

  “ No,” answered Paula, wondering.
“ Do they bite?”

  “ This one you shall ride—”

  “I won’t!” cried Paula. “I’ll run

away!”

  Laughing, they turned together to the
cabin, where he soon had a splendid fire
going.

  “ Why did you wait all these days be-
fore coming back?” he asked her.

  “ Because,” she told him, “ I was afraid
at first. But I saw you were good; you
did not hurt things just to be bad; when
you passed close. enough to me I could
see that your face was kind.”

  “ Go on,” grinned Sheldon. “ Don’t
stop there!”

  “ And,” she ended happily, “ I wanted
to see what you would do. Whether you
would go on looking for me a long time,
or whether you would forget me and go
away.”

  “ And if I had gone?”

  “ Then,” said Paula simply, “ I should
have gone high up on the cliffs and
thrown myself down. It would not have
been much fun to live if you had gone
away.”

“ And now,” he asked her soberly,
“ are you afraid to go back with me,
Paula? Back into the world outside?”
Paula crept closer up to him, putting
her hand into his.

  “ Yes,” she said. “ I am afraid.”

  “ But,” insisted Sheldon, “ you must
see, Paula—”

  “ I am afraid,” she repeated, and as
he turned toward her he saw that her
eyes, lifted to his, were shining softly
with utter trust. “ I am afraid, but I
will go with you and be glad.”

  “ God bless you!” he whispered.

  “ Tell me something,” she said pres-
ently. “ Something I have not asked
you, but have wanted to know.”

  “ Yes, Paula. What is it?”

He wondered just how far back in his
life history that question was going to
search. She made herself comfortable in
his arms. Then she asked her question:
“ Have you a name, too?”
THE FIRE FLOWER.

399

“What!” he replied, taken aback.
“ Don’t you even know my name?”

 “ No,” sighed Paula, the sigh bespeak-
 ing a vast and somewhat sleepy content.
 “ What is it?”

 “ It is John Sheldon,” he told her.

“ Then—some day—I will be Paula
John Sheldon?”

 “ Just as soon,” cried John Sheldon,
 “ as you and I can get to the nearest
 priest on the Little Smoky! And we
 start in the morning!”

 “ Aha, mes enfan’s,” said the Father
 Dufresnil to the two other old men with
 whom he chummed at the settlement on

(The

the Little Smoky. (It was ten days
later.) “ The worP is fonny! To me
to-day there comes out of the woods a
man, such a man, tall an’ big an’ his face
like a boy, glad! An’ with him a lady—
oh, mes enfan’s, a lady of beauty, with
eyes which dance like the eyes of him!
An’ this lady, she is dress’ like the gran’-
mother of ol’ Thibault there—in a ball-
gown! An’ I, when I marry them! Oh,
there was not to doubt the love in their
four eyes! But see what that big man
put in my han’!”

  He dropped it to the oilcloth of the
table.

  It was a real golden nugget.

end.)

 XJ . XJ	X J

PAN IN TOWN

    BY HARRY R. LEE

       WHO says that Piper Pan has fled?
       That never more he strays,

    The laughter in his wicked eyes,

    Adown the surging ways?

       This very day I heard the wight
       His wistful willows blow—

        Notes keen as thoughts of love denied
        To those who yearning go.

             6

        He wore no more the shaggy skin,

    He hid the cloven hoof;

        Manhattan’s towers were his walls,

        The March-blue sky his roof.

         And little elfin children tripped
         In rags all gay and tom,

        As merry as the wood-nymphs were
        In beauty’s golden mom.

        Who says that Piper Pan has fled
        The city’s surging ways,

        When, sudden, shrill, above the din
        The hurdy-gurdy plays?
Toppind

Miller

A “DIFFERENT” STORY

NINE hours out from Bermuda
where the green waves snarl at
the blue like greedy cur dogs,
Burke laid himself back in his bunk and
gave himself up to the business of dying.

  It was hot on the ship. The little
stateroom was hazy with heat, and the
electric fan beat the dead air, an ineffec-
tual, spinning blur. The open port-hole
was a mere circular glimpse of brassy sea
and blinding sun, affording no relief.

  It took a long time to die!

  Burke, prone on his dry, restless pillow,
wondered a little at the prolonged labor
of it, the enduring weariness, the relent-
less grip of a shattered body upon a tired
and sickened soul. Life had seemed to
him so frail a thing—a candle flame
flared into nothing by a breath. Why
was it so hard to die?

  He had seen men die—in fever camps
among the gauijt, silent pines, in border
fights, suddenly twitching—strangled by

floods or smothered by flames. And al-
ways death had seemed an easy thing, a
hand which sponged out the symbols of
the clay as though they were mere hand-
writing upon the waters.

  But now the summer was nearly spent,
and since the plum-trees’ blossoming
Burke had been dying.

  Seven weeks in the bulb-farmer’s house
on the little inlet of glass-blue water—
seven weeks which had brought to him
each morning a stronger look of doom in
the eyes of Henley—and now nine hours
on board ship and still he could not die!

  Henley waj a fine fellow—a fine doc-
tor. He had fought the strange, bursting
pain which swelled and quivered in
Burke’s breast—fought it with morphia
and with strange drugs with long names,
even with cocain. But the gnawing
devil who possessed Burke’s body was not
to be appeased with potions. Great phy-
sicians, wise, simple men, had looked at

400
THE MAN WHO WAS DEAD.

401

Burke and fingered his pulse and shaken
their honest heads. Queer, unwashed
quacks, sought out from strange corners
of the earth, had worked their blatant
exorcisms in vain. But still Henley
fought on doggedly.

  That Henley loved Jeanne, Burke’s
strong, beautiful daughter, was a thing
the sick man knew well, and also that the
miracles which the young doctor wrought
were miracles for love. But in Bermuda,
Burke had seen the desperate cheerful-
ness bum out of Henley’s face, had seen
his hope conquered, heard his voice sink
to the dead level of optimism which we
accord to dying men and children. Burke
saw these things with something of relief.
Henley had given up. Now he could die.
He was eager to begin it!

  Lying there with the thick, warm air
over him like a cloak, he experimented,
wondering a little how men set about
thrusting through this hindering of the
flesh. He held his breath tentatively and
relaxed on the hot* bed, trying to wile his
coward spirit forth. But the pain tore
at him, beat and shook and rasped him,
until his body was taut and dominant
again. If only the pain would leave him
in peace he could die!

  He turned a little on his side and
looked at the little bottle with the blue
label. It held the drug which Henley
had promised to try — the drug which
would give Burke at least ten hours of
sleep—veronal. At two he was to have it.
It was twelve now—he could tell by the
hot slant of the sun in the port-hole. At
two perhaps he could die!

  Of what use was his life? For fifty-
five years it had blessed no man—not
even himself! How he had wasted it,
this little strand of golden thread which
had been given him! How he had snarled
and tangled it, dragging it into remote
and evil places, tangling the feet of inno-
cent folk in the coils of it until now it
hung upon him like a loathsome web
which he could not shake off.

  When he was gone Jeanne would have
the money which Burke’s canny old

mother, looking askance upon her wan-
dering son, had entailed upon his daugh-
ter. So long as Burke lived the income
was his—a waster’s penny spent before
it was gotten. But at his death %the whole
beautiful sum, compounded and plethoric
from The nourishing of quiet accumula-
tion, was Jeanne’s.

  Jeanne would hoard it wisely—Jeanne
and Henley. Perhaps, he thought with
grim humor, they would build him a mon-
ument — he, Burke, the unstable, im-
mured forever beneath one unchanging
stone!

  The sun slanted up the painted walls,
glinted on the futile fan, burnished the
plank ceiling. The pain in Burke’s chest
thrust up and gripped at his throat,
wringing his tongue dry, setting every
fiber of him on edge. He panted and
sweated, picking frantically at the hot
sheet under him.

  Then Henley came in. Henley was a
young man, a little stooped, with tired
eyes. In the hospitals back in the States
Henley had always been the first to plead
for morphia when the patients sweated,
gray-faced with suffering. Burke saw
compassion in Henley’s eyes as he lay
livid,' with clutching fingers. Henley
would give him the veronal now. Then,
perhaps, when this rending of the flesh
had been subdued, he could die!

  With strong, shaking fingers Burke
pushed back the hot, rumpled sleeve of
his pajama coat. His eyes were eager as
he watched Henley finger the blue-la-
beled bottle hesitantly. His tongue was
like-sandpaper, and speech was gone from
him, but his eyes and his snatching fin-
gers commanded.

  Henley pushed the hypodermic into the
hot flesh. Burke could feel the tingling
fibers drinking, gulping at the cool sleep
which drained from the merciful needle.

  The brazen disk of the port-hole had
faded to a cool, blue-gray shimmer when
Burke’s brain quickened and pierced
through the restful oblivion which had
possessed him. The air in the stateroom
was fresher now, and he could feel the
402

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cool stirring of the fan. Was this death
—this strange lassitude which overcame
him? This weakness which turned his
bones to pulp and his body to water?

  He could not lift his fingers from the
sheet where they lay stiffening. He could
not hold his eyelids open. Of their own
weight they closed. His skin felt cold
and rigid upon his body. Strange-mov-
ing currents rushed in his ears.

  How keen a man’s mind grew at the
last! How avid his ears! Burke could
hear the voices of the crew on the deck
outside, hear the whispering mop of a gal-
ley boy in the corridor. He could almost
detect the pulse-beat of some one who sat
in the room with him—Henley, undoubt-
edly.

  Once the person came to the bunk and
felt Burke’s pulse. Burke could not see,
but he felt the warm wave from an ap-
proaching body on his face, the pressure
on his chilling wrist. Did his heart still
beat, he wondered? How long it took to
die!

  It was night now. The light above
his bunk was burning, he could feel the
rays smiting his eyeballs through closed
lids. Two men were whispering at the
door. One was Henley.

  “ Practically the end,” Burke heard
Henley say. “ You can hardly detect
any heart action with a stethoscope.”

  Burke’s lips were stiff and chill, but
the vagabond soul of him grinned. What
a joke—to hang about and watch his
body die!

  Did all men haunt their own flesh like
this, he wondered? What a damn fool
way to end it! He wanted to be away—
to explore whatever came next! And
here he floated like a silly vapor with ears
agape, listening to the wash of the sea
on the port-holes and the tiptoeing of sol-
emn people overhead.

  But the pain was gone. All the things
of the body were gone, every sensation,
every desire. A naked soul was a com-
fortable thing to live with. Was he dead
now?

  He must be dead at last!

  Men were stepping softly into the
room, speaking in hushed voices. They
crossed his hands upon his breast. Some
one laid a cold, wet cloth over his face.

  At last!

  But did he have to hang around this
husk of his forever?

  It was dark, and the heat had gone out
of the air. Burke found himself thinking
of Jeanne—Jeanne who had always been
loyal to her scapegoat father! Would
Jeanne care—now that he was dead?

  He had never done much for Jeanne.
He was sorry now that he was dead.
Since her mother’s death she had been a
wide-eyed, self-confident girl, living a
haphazard life with relatives who despised
Burke cordially. He had brought her a
red dress once from a filibustering trip to
Guatemala. He was glad of that dress.
It made him feel better now that he was
gone!

  Strange what ideas the preachers had
about death! He had heard one at his
wife’s funeral, long ago, orating about the
gates of onyx and streets of jasper and
the swelling music of the spheres. He
had pictured death as a sort of torchlight
procession into a wealthy and melodious
land. And here it was—no change at all!
You simply withdrew a little way out of
your body and listened to what was going
on in the world. What a joke on the
preachers!

  It was morning now. Burke could hear
the clink of crockery in the galley, the
scurry of feet above on deck, the quick-
ened purr of the engines. Men were com-
ing down the corridor. He could hear
them arguing, Henley and the captain
and the ship’s doctor.

  They were going to bury him at sea—
that was it. And Henley was protesting
that they were only twenty-four hours
out—that the ship carried her own ice.
Henley was trying to save him for Jeanne,
to be anchored forever under a memorial
weight of stone. Burke was glad when
the captain prevailed. The sea was free
and wide, and no man knew what lay
therein. Burke had always loved the sea.
THE MAN WHO WAS DEAD.

403

   There was no vision left to him, hut lie
knew that they carried him up bn deck—
carried his rigid body with the soul of
him somehow trailing along. He was con-
scious of the live stir of air outside, of
the warmth of the sun, even of the smell
of the sea.

  They laid him down on a clean-smell-
ing canvas with a linen sheet folded about
him. Soon they would sew him in with a
lead weight at his feet. They would
moor no dragging weight to his spirit, he
knew. He wondered where it would go
when his body slid, still and stiff, into the
sea!

  Death was a great adventure. And
men feared it!

  Why didn’t they finish him up? The
captain, a stolid English-Lutheran, had
gone below to rummage for his service
book.

  “ We now commit his body to the
deep—” Burke remembered that much
of it.

  They were all watching something on
the port bow, something which had stolen
up out of the salty dawn, something
which brought a shrill quality of fear
into the voices of the passengers. Burke
had heard it coming. His spirit-ears
were very keen. He had heard it creep-
ing with a soft crackling, under the sur-
face of the sea.

  A submarine!

  Men were running along the decks
now. He could hear sharp cries, loud
commands, the yelp of the megaphone,
purring bells, the frightened leap of the
engines!

  How did a submarine happen to be on
this side? And why should it attack this
ship—a slow, peaceful boat, loaded with
wool and onions? There were not many
passengers aboard, Burke remembered—
only Henley and himself and a few farm-
ers from the islands, of polyglot nation-
alities.

  They were making the boats ready
now. He could hear the tackle rattle in
the chocks. The screws leaped breath-
lessly, flinging the boat forward in great,

plunging jerks. But by the low, tense
voices of those on deck Burke knew that
the under-sea boat was gaining—that it
was frankly pursuing them!

  Suddenly the ship gave a quiver as
though she winced from a blow. There
was a sound of ripping amidships on the
port side, and a sharp, sulfuric odor and
a jar! Then the deck under Burke heaved
up with -a roar, and dust and splinters
fell in his face. He could hear water
rushing below.

  The engines choked, roared, and
stopped. Feet tore up the companion-
ways. There was much loud shouting
and the nervous rattle of boats being low-
ered. Burke heard Henley’s voice—even,
unafraid. There were plenty of boats,
the young doctor was saying, and the
New Jersey coast was only a night away!

  Then it was still. The ship was roll-
ing, and Burke’s stiff body rolled a little
way across the shattered deck. The water
was washing over him now, and his feet
rose foolishly as the waves smote them.

  “ We now commit his body to the
deep!

  How easily his body floated! If only
they had got that lead weight fixed, the
rites would have been accomplished auto-
matically. The ship must be going down,
he could feel the whirl and suck of the
waters. The suction kept him spinning,
but still he floated. Death had been with-
held from him, and now burial was de-
nied him. Even the sea refused his bones!

  The ship was gone now. The sea
quivered, but the violent heaving had
ceased. The boats were gone. They
would not linger near the vortex of a
plunging ship to salvage him—a worth-
less dead man. He was alone. All the
face of the moving waters was his.

  Then a soft sound of washing waves
came to his ears, a liquid, gurgling sound
of something rising from the sea. The
submarine—he had forgotten it. It was
coming up now, creeping near to see what
ruin it had wrought. He heard the flip
of a screw—voices.

  They spoke a language he knew. Burke
404

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

knew many languages. Now they were
shouting. A man plunged overboard.
Burke could hear his splashing progress
as he wallowed nearer. Then a hand
clutched him.

  Ha felt himself towed, inert, unresist-
ing, violently through the torn water.
The hull of the under-water craft rose
sleek and slippery as the belly of a fish.
With a line they dragged him up, bent
him double, thrust his stiff limbs through
a hatch.

  Men bent over him, talking in a tongue
that he knew. One laid his stiff hands
straight.

  “ Dead!” he muttered.

  But another contradicted him in a tone
of authority, rolling Burke’s eyelids back
with a practised forefinger.

  “ This man’s not dead,” he declared.
“He’s been drugged!”

  They brought a strange steel apparatus
and pressed it against his chest. They
inflated his sunken ribs and sent a cur-
rent rending through his spine. And all
the while Burke lay and grinned in his
soul. Of course he was dead! What
fools to try to bring a dead man back to
life!

  Then suddenly something flashed
through his rigid body, snatching his soul
rudely out of the restful inertia where it
had floated.

  It was the pain!

  The pain!

  He was alive!

  He was alive!

  As the strained fibers of him vibrated
with the returning current of life Burke
felt a hot anger surge through him. Med-
dling fools! Why had they disturbed
him—tortured him back to earth—thrust
this diseased clay with its pangs upon
his tired soul?

  He opened his eyes—they came open
quite easily now—and looked at the men
who stood around him. Kindly men they
were with tired eyes, men who looked
like the fathers of sons and the sons of
fathers. And yet not an hour ago they
had sent a peaceful merchant ship careen-

ing to the bottom of the smothering
ocean.

  An old man with a white mustache
bent over him. His fingers were on
Burke’s pulse. His straight, strong lips
curved in a smile.

  “ He’s coming out,” he said in the
tongue which Burke understood. “ He’s
had a stiff dose—combined with acute an-
gina pectoris. I have seen such suspend-
ed animation only once—in Freiburg!”

  Burke closed his eyes again wearily.
Now it was all to do over again — the
thing he had thought well done! Again
he cumbered the earth, a disgrace to his
friends, a blight upon Jeanne! Why
couldn’t they have let him die?

  They were discussing him. Two of
them were arguing. He must be put
ashore. There was some discussion about
the boat. But Burke only lay still, very
weary, hating the body with its pangs
which he had been forced to reclaim.

  The old man gave him something
through a hypodermic and the pain les-
sened. He felt stronger, quieter, even a
little hungry. They brought broth in a
quill and dripped it between his set jaws.
His lips were cracked and cold, and the
salt of the broth stung them. They
wrapped him in hot, dry clothes and
rolled him in a heavy blanket.

  Then they put him ashore. A boat
came out from some little cove and crept
alongside the bulging belly of the sub-
marine. Two men went into it — two
men and Burke.

  He did not see where they were going.
His eyes were still weary and he kept
them closed. But his ears were keen as
ever—as keen as when he had thought
himself dead. He heard the boat grate
on gravel and the voices of men speaking
English. He heard the rumble of a mo-
tor and the swish of long grass beside the
path.

  Then the men who spoke English car-
ried him away in the motor. He did not
care. If he could not die it did not mat-
ter greatly where he went. He wondered
vaguely whether Henley was saved—•
THE - MAN WHO WAS DEAD.

405

Henley and the captain and the ship’s
doctor. Henley had given him too much
veronal. But he had meant well—poor
old Henley. Then, whatever it was that
the white-mustached one had given him
overcame him and he slept soundly. For
the first time in hours his avid brain was
still.

  When he awoke he was in a hospital.
He krtew it for a free hospital by the rows
of beds and the unironed, coarse garment
that he wore. There was an ice cap on
his head, and a cool, moist bandage lay
lightly over his dry, stretched mouth.
Burke lay back with a sigh. He knew
hospitals for agonized places, aching with
loneliness. He had lain in many from
Buenos Aires to Stockholm. All alike
they were!

  At last they let him go. They gave him
strange, cheap clothes which did not fit
him. They gave him no money—hardly
a civil farewell. The pain was better and
he felt stronger. But he was still a sick
man—sick and penniless and alone in a
strange place. He could not work. He
did not know how to beg. That was one
scalawag’s trade which he had never tried
—begging!

  He would go back to Jeanne.

  Jeanne was loyal. She would take him
in and care for him. Then, perhaps, soon
he would die and she would be free.

  He had a ring left yet—a little cheap
ring. He pawned it for enough to land
him on the Jersey side, sixteen miles from
New York. He could beat his way in.

  He had traveled from Bonong to Tam-
pa on a fruit boat once, eleven thousand
miles, eating at the captain’s table and
paying nothing. He knew how to work
it. It is proof of Burke’s skill that he
did work it. He arrived in New York—
riding in a Pullman car with money in his
pocket. There are still men who ride
Pullman cars who think they are clever
with cards.

  In the city Burke went straight to the
little house on Twelfth Street. He had
been gone four months. The leaves were
off the vines now. The flowers were dead

in the window boxes. He could see the
light of a fire through the window.

  Very softly he closed the little iron
gate and climbed the two steps. He
could see the room through the half-
closed curtains.

  Jeanne was there—and Henley. She
was sitting on the arm of Hanley’s chair
and they were studying a book together.
Burke could see the pictures in the book.
It was an automobile catalogue!

  Then he remembered. The money!
Of course the money was Jeanne’s. She
had that—the only thing he could give
her. The red dress had been so little.
He was glad that Jeanne had the money.
Then with a start that pained him he
realized that now he was alive the money
was his again—the income of it as long
as he lived.

  He had done so little for Jeanne!

  If he had died!

  He cursed the foreign crew with fer-
vent tongue.

  Then came a chilling thought. Jeanne
did not know that he was alive! To
Jeanne and Henley he was only an in-
dulged memory, hidden from troubling
under a sleeping sea!

  To Jeanne he was dead!

  He turned away.

  Straight down the two steps he went
and into the street. The pain surged up
quickly in his breast but he fought it
down.

  He would miss Henley. Henley knew
what to do for the pain. But he walked
away and did not look back,

  At the Grand Central he boarded a
fast train, very magnificent. The world
was under his feet again, and his face was
set upon the old road.

  For Jeanne’s sake he was dead!

  Those gentlemen, the editors, who hold
their fingers continually upon the capri-
cious public pulse, maintain that nowa-
days the people will have nothing but
love stories.

  Gentlemen, I insist that this is a love
story!
Robert Ames Beruvet

Author of “ Finders Keeper*,” “ The Milling Key.” etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

NAN ROSE, a pretty, red-haired hospital nurse who has not yet graduated, is assigned to nurse
Howard Eliot, a dyspeptic millionaire, at his home, assisting Dr. Gould. Eliot has quarreled
with his son Arthur, especially over his friendship for Verna Devore and her brother, declar-
ing them to be a vampire and an adventurer respectively. He makes a new will, apparently con-
cerning Nan, and gives a sealed document into her keeping, to be opened by her sixty days after his
death. A visit from Verna and Devore excites Eliot very much, giving him a heart attack. Nan
gives him a hypodermic, but he falls dead.

CHAPTER VII.

SCAPEGOAT.

DR. GOULD was making his after-
noon round of calls. He reached
the Eliot mansion a few minutes
after the death.

  Devore had gone in from the corridor.
He stood beside the door, sternly
solemn. Miss Devore sat with Arthur
Eliot near the bed, her face pressed
against his shoulder. Nan was making
the final entry on the sick:chart.

  The physician looked close into the
face of the patient he had lost, and
shuffled across to Nan, perplexedly
shaking his bald head. She put the
chart into his outstretched hand. He
looked at it and then at her with a
frown that failed to mask his deepened
perplexity.

  “ You recharged the syringe this
morning?” he queried.

  “ Yes, sir.”

“ Where is it?”

  She handed him the empty syringe.
He peered 'at it and then at the last
entries on the chart.

  “ You are sure this is correct? You
gave the hypodermic—there followed a
few seconds of relaxation—after that a
recurrence of the paroxysm?”

 “ Mr. Arthur Eliot was present,
doctor.”

  “ Most peculiar — unaccountable,”
muttered the physician. He gestured her
toward the corridor and went to tap the
young man on the shoulder. “ Your
pardon, Mr. Eliot — a word with you,
please.”

  When all were out in the hall he held
up the empty syringe.

  “ Mr. Eliot, did you see Miss Rose
use this?”

  “The hypodermic? — Yes, doctor. I
must say she was very quick about it
and steady.”

  The puzzled physician blinked, pon-
dered, and spoke curtly to Nan: “That

seems to bear you out. You are no

 Thi* story began in the All-Story Weekly for February 24.

                              406
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

407

longer needed here. Get ready and re-
port back at the hospital without delay.”
Nan turned a level glance upon Eliot,
but he was bending over the mournfully
drooped figure of Miss Devore. As she
passed through the doorway Dr. Gould
started to follow her. Devore stepped
in front of him.

  “ Beg pardon, doctor, but this matter
that seems to be troubling you—”

 “ How? You mean—?”

  Devore twiddled his monocle. “ Er—
it’s deuced awkward, y’know, to have to
say anything, only that young woman—

  “ What’s that?” demanded Eliot, his
grief-clouded eyes fixed upon the hesita-
ting speaker.

  “ Better tell it, Lennie, now you’ve
started,” murmured Missr Devore. " We
have no secrets from Arthur.”

  “ It’s about her, if you insist upon
hearing,” slowly admitted Devore.
“ Probably nothing to it, but Dr. Gould
seems to think there’s something wrong.”
“ That hypodermic, given as pre-
scribed, should have checked the
paroxysm of the heart,” stated the
physician.

  “ But what if—” Devore stopped
short and pressed his lips together.

  “Go on!” urged Eliot, his brows
knotted in a worried frown. " Out with
it, Len!”

  “ If I must, then. You see, I noticed
an odd look in the young woman’s
eyes when she ran for the hypo-what-
d’you-call-it-squirt. Recalled the look
when she came out here and told that
your father was—gone. Kind of look
you’d expect if the party had made a—
fatal mistake. I took the liberty to call
up her hospital and inquire, in your
name, if Miss Rose had a - clear record
regarding—mistakes.”

  “Well?”

  “ Hospital superintendent referred me
to Dr. Gould.”

  Arthur Eliot faced the physician, his
eyes stern. “You know?”

  “ It was only her first or second case,
over a year ago,” muttered Dr. Gould.

“ There was no such chance here—only
the one solution for the hypodermic—
all the rest capsules. Unless she pur-
posely—”

  “ Oh, no, doctor, no, do not say it,”
protested Miss Devore. “ Is it not pos-
sible the nurse only made a mistake?
What if, in refilling the—the hypo-thing,
she had absent-mindedly used water?
The great strain of nursing, you know.
Can one blame her if, when dazed from
a hard night, she made such an innocent
slip?”

 “Water?” mumbled the physician—
“ Water? That would explain it. I will
test what is left in the needle.”

  “ What’s the use?” murmured Eliot,
and his head sank forward dejectedly.
“ He’s gone—and all my fault for anger-
ing him!”

  “ Carelessness is inexcusable in a
nurse,” declared the physician crabbedly.

  He opened his medical case as the
young man went out with his hand
clashed between Miss Devore’s tenderly
sympathetic palms. Devore lingered to
see the physician unscrew the needle
from the barrel of the ^hypodermic
syringe.

  When Nan came down the side stairs
in her street uniform she found the
chauffeur waiting to take her for the
usual afternoon drive. Though the news
of the master’s death had been whispered
from attic to cellar of the mansion, no
one had countermanded the chauffeur’s
orders, and the man was too severely
trained to do anything on his own
initiative.	~

  The sight of the car brought a grateful
glow into the girl’s cheeks. She thought
that this attention was due to the
courtesy of Arthur Eliot. She had been
carried half way to her favorite park
before the realization of the direction to
which the chauffeur was holding and the
remembrance of his masked surprise over
her uniform and valise combined to dis-
illusion her. At the first trolley line she
dismissed the man and boarded a trolley
car that was bound toward the hospital.
408

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Her feelings when she mounted the
familiar steps were not altogether un-
pleasant. She had escaped the drudgery
of ward work for a time, and she had
done creditable service. Now she would
go at the routine harder than before.
She would compel every one to realize
her earnestness and ability. She did not
care for their liking, but their respect
would gratify her pride.

  At this hour the superintendent usually
was on one of his rounds of inspection.
She hoped to slip in and report for duty
tc the matron. But as she topped the
steps she saw that he was at his desk
and, it would appear, waiting for her.
Dour as was the look with which he met
her, it failed to prepare her for his
words:

  “ So you have returned—at your
leisure. Quite in keeping with your rec-
ord. You are discharged. Here is the
balance of your salary due you to date—-
sixteen dollars and forty-three cents.
Pack your belongings and leave hete at
once.”

  Nan stood for a long moment dum-
founded. When she forced her stiffened
lips to speak, her voice was hardly more
than a whisper:

  “ This—it is most unjust. I shall ap-
peal to the Board.”

  “ Do so, and welcome. Dr. Gould will
prefer the charges.”

  “ Charges—what—whatever—? Why,
he said nothing—not a word!”

  “ Naturally. It was after you had
left that he found you had filled .the
hypodermic syringe with water instead
of the solution prescribed.”

  Nan’s eyes dilated. “ Water? Impos-
sible!” An angry scarlet flared across
her whitening face. “ It’s a trick — a
contemptible trick! Gould is lying be-
cause Mr. Eliot insisted upon keeping
me! The cur! How dare he tell such
a lie?”

  “ Denounce him to the Board,” ad-
vised the superintendent with a coldness
that chilled her righteous heat. “ If you
wish to know the truth, Dr. Gould tested

the drop left in the needle. It contained
so slight a trace of the solution that it
failed to react. A Mr. Devore witnessed
the test.”

  The office reeled before Nan. She
stood swaying, her eyes so dark from the
dilation of their pupils that they ap-
peared altogether black. Her world was
crashing down about her head—all her
hopes, her career, her ideals.

  The superintendent went on inexor-
ably: “ I warned you. The hospital can-
not condone mistakes.”

  Nan reached out her small hands to
him in anguished appeal. “ I did not—
it is the truth—I did not make any mis-
take! I filled it with the solution! You
must believe me—you must!"

  “ There is also your first mistake,” the
superintendent reminded her. “ I should
have discharged you then. The reputa-
tion of the hospital has been endangered.
Take your choice. Go quietly, without
references, or appeal to the Board, and
have your record made public.”

  Pride stiffened Nan’s knees as they
were beginning to bend in supplication.
Her red head tilted back on her straight-
ening shoulders. She caught up her
valise and turned toward the street door.

  “ Wait,” said the superintendent.
“ You have permission to pack your
other belongings.”

  “ Thanks. They’re about as valuable
as' the reputation you are giving me
after I’ve slaved all this time for your
godly house of healing.”

 The man winced. He thought him-
self no more than sternly just.

  “ You know best whether the effects
you leave are valueless, Miss Rose.
But here is your check.”

  “ Put it in your conscience fund.
You’ll need it,” the girl sought to wither
him.

  Hardly was she through the doorway
when she regretted the taunt. Pride
held her from turning back for the
check. Yet even in the white heat of
her anger, common sense told her' that
she could not spare the few dollars that
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

409

she had saved from her nominal salary.
There was no one from whom she could
borrow, and she had with her oniy a few
small coins.

  At the corner drug-store she addressed,
impersonally to the hospital, an order
for her check, to be delivered to the
bearer. A newsboy fetched the check to
her and threw in a penny paper with the
service all for a dime.

  The paper gave her a list of lodgings
and the advertisement of- a dress sale.
She walked to the store and bought her-
self a ten-cent hat shape, a few remnants
to trim it, and a very cheap suit. The
material of the dress was coarse but
strong. The cut was defective, but the
color harmonized with her vivid hair.

  Because-of her hospital uniform the
store cashed her check without hesita-
tion. She rode across town on a trolley
car and looked up a number of lodgings
in a poor but respectable quarter of the
city.

  Her final choice was a cramped cubby-
hole hall-room that looked down into a
clothes-line area. Yet low as was the
rent, when she had paid her month in
advance there was only a dollar and
sixty-five cents left in her purse.

  The five cents bought her two loaves
of stale bread at the bakery around the
corner. The thought of the rich dainties
which she had listlessly nibbled at
luncheon brought a smile to her de-
pressed lips as she sat down to her bread
and water.

  “ Anyway, it ’11 be good for my com-
plexion,” she murmured.

CHAPTER VIII:

THE TEMPTER.

THAT evening and early in the
morning Nan worked so hard to
trim her hat and refit the dress that
she had a trig, fashionable costume com-
plete before office hours. But she did
not change from her nurse’s street uni-
form.

   She was the first person in the waiting-
room of the physician who had seemed
kindest to her at the hospital. He
listened sympathetically to her frank
statement and explained with grieved
softness that professional ethics would
not permit him to differ from the con-
clusions of his esteemed colleague Dr.
Gould.

  Nan stoutly declined his charitable
offer of a bank-note. “ I am not a beg-
gar, thank you.”

  The second physician, whom she tried,
bruskly showed her his door the instant
she mentioned her discharge from the
hospital. Another one was out. Two
others vaguely promised to consider her
application for work. Still another fu-
riously assailed Dr. Gould as a fool and
a quack, but wound up with the state-
ment that he had no need of a nurse. He
put Nan’s name on a list below the names
of a dozen other nurses.

  She went last to the physician she
least fancied. He was a black-bearded,
suave-mannered man whose non-profes-
sional reputation had been given no lit-
tle whispered discussion in the hospital.
He was so agreeable and deferential to
Nan that she accepted his invitation out
to lunch to discuss her suitability for
one of his cases.

  When he smiled at her across the
secluded cafe table she knew what to
expect. But she was tired and hungry
and ready to repay him in kind. She
toyed with her wine glass, frequently
raising its brim to her lips, only to put
the wine down unsipped; and she held
off or eluded his advances with coy
coquetry until her last spoonful of
mousse had melted on her tongue.

  “ My dear doctor,” she murmured as
she dipped her childlike finger-tips in
the bowl and dried them with the dainty
elegance that she had practised at the
Eliot mansion— “ My dear doctor, this
has been a most delightful little lunch-
eon. I must compliment you on your
good taste, if not your good intentions.
However, the situation you suggest is,
410

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I fear, one for which I am not suited.
Good day.”

  She was gone before he could recover
from his indignant amazement and pay
the rather large check.

  Refreshed by this despoiling of the
Egyptian, Nan drew up a list of physi-
cians whom she did not know. In ap-
plying to them she volunteered no state-
ment of her discharge from the hospital.
But some recognized her uniform and
questioned her. Others asked for her
diploma, or for references.

  On the morning of the third day op-
portunity at last came to her in the sud-
den call of a physician to perform an
operation. The emergency -was so acute
that the patient could not be moved to
a hospital and there was not time to hunt
up a nurse. When the call was tele-
phoned Nan was just stating that she
wished work. Without stopping to ques-
tion her, the physician rushed her to his
little roadster and drove to the home of
his patient.

  The operation was successful. But
for four days, with a kitchen apron over
her street uniform, Nan fought a losing
fight for the life of her patient. After
the end the physician found time to in-
quire about her past. The honest ac-
count gave him the chance to relieve
his chagrin over the loss of his firsi
surgical case. With a show of mag-
nanimity he saw that she was paid the
exact amount due for trained nursing.
He then warned her he would inform all
the medical fraternity of the city that
she was wearing the hospital uniform to
obtain employment under false pretenses.

  For two days Nan lay in her tiny hall-
room before she could recuperate from
the strain of the surgical case and the
dejection over her shattered hopes. She
now had Dr. Gould, the hospital, this
physician, and 'the one who had lunched
her all actively interested in depriving
her of employment as a nurse.

  She must seek her living in other fields.

  While overhauling her scant belong-
ings she came upon the sealed en-

velope given her by the millionaire so
shortly before his death. She stared at
his written instruction that it was to be
opened sixty days after the event that
had come upon him and upon her with
such tragic suddenness. A wave of hot
resentment flared in her face, and she
flung the envelope back into her valise.
Out of his hogshead of wealth he could
so easily have willed her the few golden
drops that would have paid her way to
culture and independence.

  Willed. The word sent a wild thought
whirling through her fancy. Though
altogether improbable, was it not possible
that he had put such a bequest into his
will? Down under all his display 0/
cynical selfishness he must have liked
her, else he would not have made the
fantastic offer to marry her. Even his
half-insane animosity against his son
could not have induced him to make such
a proposal if she had not been pleasing
to him.

  Next morning when Judge Laton came
puffing into his offices he found a very
small and demure young lady with Titian
hair, seated at the head of his waiting
clients. His restless, roving glances be-
trayed no sign of recognition until she
was brought to him in his private office.

  “ Miss Rose, I believe,” he boomed as
he waved her to a chair. “ What can I
do for you?”

  Nan silently handed to him the sealed
envelope. He read the note on it with
avid interest and shot a shrewd glance
at the girl.

  “ Appears to be the writing of my late
client, the deceased Howard Eliot. The
meaning of the words is clear and ex-
plicit. No need of a lawyer to interpret
the clause.”

  “ Yes, sir, but—it was so peculiar that
he should give it to me to hold,” replied
Nan. “ I do not know what to make of
it. Perhaps it is of no value; yet there
is the chance that it may be very precious
to some one. What if I should lose it?”

 “You appear to be a capable
custodian.”
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

411

  “ Yet if I should? You see, it is a
kind of trust from him, so if there is any-
thing about it in his will that you do not
consider improper to tell me—”

  Judge Laton’s whitish eyes flickered a
glance at her anxious face. He answered
her with gruff regret.

  “ Sorry. The will has been probated.
Your name is not in it. No mention of
this envelope. Only thing you can do
is to hold it in accordance with his in-
structions.”

  Nan drew herself to her feet. “ Thank
you, sir. If there is any charge for your
advice I must ask you to wait until I
get employment.”

  He darted a piercing look at her.
“ You have left your hospital?”

  Pride goaded Nan to tell the bitter
truth: “ I was discharged.”

  The uplifting of the lawyer’s shaggy
eyebrows led her into giving the detailed
account of the millionaire’s death and all
that had followed. While she talked he
sent his restless gaze roving about the
office and strummed on his desk with
his pudgy fingers.

  When she had finished he asked her to
repeat what had happened immediately
before the death. Afterward he inquired
her address. She bit her lip, hesitated,
and gave the street and number.

  “ That will do. Good day,” he curtly
dismissed her.

  As she left the great office building,
Arthur Eliot swung his touring car in
beside the curb. W'ith him sat the blond
Miss Devore, radiantly aristocratic. Be-
hind them Devore lolled in bored
grandeur. Miss Devore stepped out—
and saw Nan. She immediately diverted
Eliot’s attention in the other direction.
They entered the building together, while
Nan slipped away through the throngs of
pedestrians.

  Within a hundred paces some one
jogged her elbow. She looked up and
met the gallant smile of Devore. His
bow and lifted hat brought only a cold
stare of the gray eyes that betrayed no
hint of recognition.

  “ My dear Miss Rose, surely you can-
not have forgotten me so soon,” he de-
plored.

  “ My dear sir,” she rejoined, “ I really
have no remembrance of your having ever
been presented to me.”

  “Presented!” he echoed. “ Clever^-
deuced clever! But the same roof,
y’know—that is an introduction—at Mr.
Eliot’s.”

  “ I was not aware of the fact; nor am
I now.”

  “ Ah, well, what’s such a little matter
between mutual friends of Artie?”

  Nan pointed to the policeman on the
corner. “ You see that nice big son of
Erin with a face like a meat-ax?”

  “ Yes?”

  “ Would it not be painful, Algernon, if
the nice big son of Erin should take hold
of the collar of a little yellow thing called
a masher?”

  Devore’s florid face went fiery red. He
stopped short. Nan went on without a
backward glance. After her contemptu-
ous thrust she felt positive that he would
never again venture within reach of her
scorn.

  The rest of the day she spent in a vain
search for work. Everywhere she found
that employers required either expert
ability or references as to character, often
both. This applied to all work that- might
be called respectable.

  Day after day, from morning to night,
she walked about the city in search of
decent employment. But the season was
slack. Hundreds of skilled girl workers
in every line were seeking jobs.

  After two weeks she attempted piece-
work in a laundry. The quality of her
work gave satisfaction; not so the quan-
tity. She lacked strength to push the
heavy iron at the speed required to earn
the food that would renew her strength.
She dragged on at the killing labor until,
with merciful callousness, the forewoman
discharged her as incompetent.

■ Rent day cleared her purse of all ex-
cept a few pennies. Driven desperate,
she started to look for a position at do-
412

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

mestic service, fortified by a story that
her trunk had been stolen soon after her
arrival from Oregon. This falsehood, the
first that she had used, gained her a place
as housemaid at three dollars a week.

  The work was light, and there was
plenty of plain wholesome food. She was
beginning to regain her strength and
plumpness when her mistress came to her
with an anonymous letter. It told only
the truth about her discharge from the
hospital; but with her renewed strength
her pride would not permit her to deny
the facts or appeal for leniency.

  And it would not permit her to seek
another place under false representations.

  A week later her search through the
want 'columns of discarded newspapers
was rewarded by an advertisement for a
housemaid that ended in the unique state-
ment: “ Appearances preferred to refer-
ences.”

  She was very tired when a long walk
brought her to the suburban address
named. The house set alone in the midst
of a block full of shrubs and old trees,
and enclosed from the poor neighborhood
by high brick walls. It had the appear-
ance of a fine old farmhouse converted
into a country residence and then used
as an inn.

  A few feet inside the open gate of the
drive she spied a bench among the bushes.
She crept in to it to rest and tidy her-
self before applying at the house. This
necessary preening had not yet been fin-
ished when she was startled by the purr-
ing rush of a big touring-car that
swooped down the street and shot into
the drive.

  Where she sat even her vivid hair was
invisible to the occupants of the car. But
from her side they were easy to see
through the screen of foliage. Devore was
driving, and Eliot sat behind with Miss
Devore. Nan stole out and away, her
face flushed with shame.

  Another ten days found her close upon
desperation. She was weak from hunger
when, for the second time, Devore accost-
ed her on the street. He approached her

openly, with no trace of gallantry in his
concerned face.

  “ I beg your pardon for speaking, Miss
Rose,” he apologized; “but I can’t help
noticing you look about pegged. Happens
I’ve had a run of luck. Wouldn’t know
the difference if you accepted a little loan
till you’re out of the hole.”

  Nan held out her hand and gazed
straight into his eyes as he drew a bill-
fold from his pocket. Try as he would,
he could not mask that which lurked be-
hind his surface smile. Nan took the
two yellow Treasury notes and flung them
into his face.

  Anger enabled her to reach her miser-
able hall-room. There she collapsed on
the cot and lay sobbing in dry-eyed an-
guish. She was close to the verge. Any-
thing except the lightest work would now
be beyond her strength—and she could
not even get hard work. There seemed
left only the river or—men like Devore.

  Piece by piece she had pawned her
valise and all her clothes, except the
cheap hat and dress. Her purse was
empty; she had no food, and the rent was
due the next day.

CHAPTER IX.

ON THE VERGE.

SHE awoke at dawn, somewhat re-
freshed by sleep, but suffering from
pangs of hunger that water seemed
only to make the more poignant.

  An irresistible impulse drove her to
the window. She leaned far out above
the littered area. To drop head first upon
the cement would make a quick ending of
it all, and people would think the fall an
accident.

  Her dilated eyes stared downward,
measuring the distance and the chances
of striking clear between the wall and her
landlady’s garbage-can. Something whit-
ish atop the uncovered refuse of the can
caught her gaze. She saw that it was a
crust of bread.

All else than ravenous yearning for
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

413

that crust vanished from her famine-tor-
tured brain. She drew back to slip on
one of her worn, broken shoes and drop
the other out of the window. As she
twisted about to unbolt the door she
vaguely noticed a wrapped newspaper
lying as if it had been thrust through the
wide crack at the bottom. She left it un-
touched and hobbled down the stairs,
aquiver with haste and desire.

  The odor of coffee and bacon in the
landlady’s kitchen almost drove the girl
frantic. With a desperate effort at self-
control, she managed to point to her shoe-
less foot and mumble an explanation.
The woman grudgingly let her out into
the rear area.

  The shoe was lying close beside the
garbage-can. As Xan bent down with
her back to the door, she clutched the
coveted hunk of bread. It was moldy,
but so gloriously large that she had to
jam it hard to get it into the shoe. At
the edge of the can was a piece of gristle.
She could not resist the temptation to
crowd it in on top of the bread.

  Greed brought its penalty. When she
slipped back into the kitchen the suspi-
cious woman noticed the bulging top of
the shoe.

  “ Whatchu got there?” she demanded.
“It’s mine—mine!” panted Nan, her
eyes glittering.

  The woman grasped her arm and tore
the shoe from her by main force. She
peered in at the gristle and moldy crust.

  “ My Gawd!” she gasped. “ Robbin’
the pigs!”

  Nan made a fierce clutch for her prize.
“ It’s mine, I tell you—mine! You
threw it away! Give it to me!”

  “ You—you—” spluttered the woman.
“ My Gawd! Starvin’ an’ never a cheep!
You spunky little devil!”

  She swung Nan around bodily and
forced her into a chair at the kitchen
table. One big red hand continued to
grip the girl’s shoulder. The other hand
clapped down a slab of bread before her,
slopped out a cup of muddy coffee, and
dosed it liberally with milk and sugar.

  “ That’s all yuh git now, honey,” she
grunted. “ You’re too far gone to stum-
mick bacon.”

  The girl washed down a mouthful of
bread with a gulp of coffee, took another
bite, and burst into a storm of weeping.

  “That’s it, honey; let yerself go.
You’ve held in too long. Git it out!”
urged the woman.

  Hunger helped Nan’s pride to moderate
and check the outburst of sobbing. But
her tears continued to brim over. They
ran down into her cup as she gulped the
hot coffee. Midway of a second big slice
of bread pride began to top hunger as
well as emotion. She started to rise.

  “ I’ve imposed on you enough,” she
said. “ I can’t pay you.”

  “ Whatchu think I am, yuh little red-
headed she Lucifer!” reproached her ben-
efactress. “ Ain’t it no pay to know a
girl what c’n starve ruther ’n go bad—
a purty one like you. at that? Now take
this here bread an’ git. My man ’11 be
turnin’ out soon.”

  Nan slipped on her shoe. The woman
forced another slab of bread into her
hands and, at sound of a snort in the
room off the kitchen, shoved her out into
the hall.

  Though her legs were strangely wabbly,
Nan danced up the stairs as if her feet
weighed no more than feathers,. The
bread that she had eaten had eased her
worst craving, and the hot coffee, aided
by the unexpected kindness of the land-
lady, had stimulated her almost to intoxi-
cation.

  Just inside her doorway her unsteady
foot flipped the wrapped newspaper un-
der the cot. She bolted the door, laid her
precious bread on the shelf, and fished
under the cot for the newspaper. It was
the first article of mail to be delivered to
her at the lodging-house, but her name
and address were clearly typewritten on
the wrapper.

  She tore it open, and saw that the pa-
per was an early edition of the previous
afternoon’s issue. Among the classified
want-ads was a marked item in the per-
414

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

sonal column. She read the item and re-
read it with widening eyes. It was brief
and clear:

WANTED.—Temporary wife. Immediate sep-
  aration. Liberal pay to right party.

  The address was that of the suburban
place where she had seen Devore drive in
with Eliot and Miss Devore.

  Her first thought was that he had sent
her the advertisement as a lure. She ex-
amined the sheet of thin, tough writing-
paper that had been used as a wrapper.
The letterhead had been torn off, but the
watermark, “ Legal Bond,” suggested a
clue to her stimulated brain.

  Yet if Judge Laton really was the send-
er, what could have been his motive? She
pondered the puzzle for many minutes
until the disquieting thought flashed upon
her that the opportunity might already
have been lost. There had been all the
previous evening for others to apply.

  Questionable as was the proposition,
she was not in a position to stickle over
conventionalities if there was no actual
wrong in the affair. The chance that
Judge Laton had sent the paper gave the
matter sufficient face value to make it
worth investigating.

   After as careful a toilet as was possible
with her limited facilities, she started to
wrap up her slice of bread. On the shelf
beside it lay the “sealed envelope given
into her keeping by Howard Eliot. There
was a chance that she might not return
to her room for some time. She slipped
the letter into her bosom.

  After wrapping the slice of bread in
the newspaper, she went down to tell the
landlady that she had heard of a possible
position. The location of the address
wrenched from the woman a grunt of pro-
test and a nickel.

  “ Ride out. Yuh wanta look fresh
when yuh strike ’em,” she advised.

  Nan took the nickel and rose on tiptoe
to kiss what to her had been one of the
most repulsive of human faces. The wo-
man backed away from her.

  “ Don’t try any soft-soapin’ on me.

Yuh gotta pay me back with inturst if
yuh git, a job.”

  “ A hundred per cent!” promised Nan
as she started off, bright-eyed and light
of heart.

  The trolley-car brought her to her des-
tination much stronger than when she had
started. On the way she had eaten part
of her bread lunch.

  She went up the curving drive to the
house, where a large, pasty-faced woman
with yellowish eyes sat on the rustic
porch, crocheting. After this guardian of
the entrance had glanced at Nan and the
marked item, the purring voice in which
she asked Nan to be seated bore out her
resemblance to a big tabby cat. She
told Nan that the parties who had ap-
plied the evening before had all been un-
satisfactory to the gentleman, and that
his renewed ad in the morning papers set
the hour of noon for callers.

  “ But seeing that you’re here, miss, you
may as well wait,” she added. “ Those
others were different. You show class.
Make yourself at home. My house is
very restful and private. Sometimes I
take in roomers who want to be quiet.
That is why I call it a residence-inn. But
my real business is arranging little enter-
tainments for the bon ton.”

  After a half-hour of chit-chat over va-
rious members of the smart set, l:he pro-
prietress took Nan for a stroll through
the shrubberies and left her under an
arbor. The girl ate the last of her lunch
and curled up luxuriously in a hammock.
Its gentle swaying, the warm, pure, leaf-
scented air, and her feeling of repletion
and well-being lulled her to sleep.

  She was awakened by a soft stroking
of her forehead that suggested furtive-
ness. A voice purred in her ear:

  “ The gentleman has arrived, miss. I
told him you was a lady, and he will be
pleased to see you before the others.
You’re class. You’ll not forget I put in
a word for you, if things come your
way?”

  “ Thank you. I shall remember,” said
Nan.
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

415

  Pride stiffened her knees as she straight-
ened up before the blinking, yellow-eyed
tabby woman. She adjusted her hair and
hat and dress, and followed the proprie-
tress with no outward sign of her inward
fear and trembling.

  The woman led her past a waiting
limousine and into the large, old-fashioned
parlor of the house. »A cased stairway
and a narrow upper hall brought them to
the closed door of the rear up-stairs room.
Nan drew back when the proprietress
scratched gently on the panel.

CHAPTER X.

A MATRIMONIAL BARGAIN.

THE door was opened by an elegantly
dressed, heavily veiled lady. She
beckoned Nan to enter. Beyond
her, on the far side of the room, the girl
saw a tall young man. He was facing
about from the door; but she caught a
glimpse of his profile.

  Her first impulse was to run away. But
the lady had already recognized her.

  “ So it is you, Miss Rose,” a muffled
voice murmured through the veil. “ Please
to come in.”

  Nan no longer hesitated. The situa-
tion could be no more embarrassing to
her than to him; and with him present,
she lost all her dread of a trap. That the
veiled lady was Miss Devore was self-
evident. Nan walked in past her and
across the room, to stop at the young
man’s elbow.

  “ Is ’the advertisement yours, Mr.
Eliot?” she inquired.

  He whirled about to stare .at her dum-
founded, a deep flush crimsoning his dark
face. “ You—here?”

  “ In response to this advertisement,”
she explained. “ I wish to apply, if there
is nothing wrong about the affair—and I
am sure there is not, if you are the per-
son who advertised.”

  Eliot looked at her with a pleased re-
laxing from his embarrassment. “ It is
very kind of you to say that, Miss Rose.

May we ask you to be seated? They
have been overworking you, I fear.”

  “ I need a change from what I have
been doing,” replied Nan.

  She sat down in one of the two chairs
that he drew around. Miss Devore took
the other. He stood before them and
drove straight at the purpose of their
meeting.

  “ There is no need to conceal anything
from you, Miss Rose. This is the situa-
tion: To comply with certain provisions
of my father’s will, I must marry some
one else than my fiancee, Miss Devore.
Yet from my father’s last words I feel
certain he wished to revoke this will. I
therefore believe I am justified in holding
only to the strict letter of its provisions.
This may be done by entering into a mar-
riage which shall be no more than a legal
form. The other party would sign a con-
tract immediately to separate from me
and not contest a divorce.”

  Nan reflected on this and asked:
“ What would be the reason given to get
the divorce?”

  Eliot looked at her appreciatively.
“ You hear that, Verna? She puts it be-
fore the matter of compensation. My
dear Miss Rose, there are two or three
statutory grounds for divorce that imply
no moral blame on either side. For in-
stance, incompatibility, or refusal to live
as husband or wife.”

  “ Neither would be so very dreadful,”
admitted Nan.

  “ Not at all,” remarked Miss Devore,
with an almost imperceptible tremor of
eagerness under the cold formality of her
tone. “ You need not appear in court.
The case could go by default, as they
say; or, if you preferred, the case could
be brought in your name and defaulted
by Mr. Eliot. That is the usual way,
and it would enable you to ask the right
to resume your own name.”

  “ I understand,” said Nan very quiet-
ly. “ My own name—I would not retain
even his name.”

  “ Would that be desirable to either
side?” put in Eliot. “ I need not tell you
416

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

that the less publicity this matter is given
and the sooner it is forgotten, the more
agreeable it will be for all concerned.”

  “ Quite true,” assented Nan. “ Only I
was thinking of but two sides of the
question, and now I see there is a third.
I am sorry, but it is no use talking. I
know now I cannot go on.”

  She started up and hurried toward the
door. Behind her she heard Miss Devore
speak in sharp reproof: “ You see, Ar-
thur! I warned you not to show your
hand to any of them. She will go direct
to that lawyer.”

“ Pardon me, my dear,” differed Eliot.
“ Miss Rose understands that what has
been said here was strictly confidential.”
“ Yes,” replied Nan. “ I give you my
word, Mr. Eliot.”

  Her red head was proudly erect as she
opened the door. But in the hall, with
the door closed behind her, she was saved
from an outburst of grief and despair
only by the sight of the proprietress glid-
ing softly away toward the stairs. Nan
turned her back on the woman and stood
with her hands pressed hard on her bosom
to restrain the sobs that seemed deter-
mined to force their way into her throat.

  As she began to regain her self-con-
trol she became aware that she was star-
ing at a calendar hung beside the door.
Each past day of the month had been
crossed off. The “ 17th,” next to be can-
celled, started in her mind a swift train
of associated memories. That date was
the last one she had marked, two months
before, on the sick-chart of Howard Eliot.

  The words that she had just spoken to
his son may have recalled her promise to
the father, or it may have been her sub-
conscious awareness of that which was in
the bosom of her dress. She drew out
the sealed envelope and looked at the
feeble, unsteady writing upon the front.
Even in her dejection she tingled with a
little thrill of satisfaction and triumph
over the writer of those words.

  Beyond any doubt, he had sought to
tempt her feminine curiosity. But Pan-
dora had not opened the box—and the

sixty days had passed. In fact, because
of the one day over thirty in July, she
could have uncovered the secret the pre-
vious morning.

  Yet with his explicit instructions and
the calendar before her eyes, she stood
hesitating, her exultance suddenly turned
into an agony of suspense.

  What was inside the envelope? Did
her Pandora box fiold a malicious imp or
a light elf? Would she find inside a
small gift to prove his carefully masked
gratitude for her good service, or would
it be only a bitter jest to mock her for
refusing his incredible, preposterous offer
of marriage and fortune?

  Her small fingers, quivering with agita-
tion, drew a brass pin from the coils of
her vivid hair and, after two or three at-
tempts, slit open the top of the envelope.
Still more tremulously she replaced the
hairpin and fumbled until she had pulled
out and opened the sheet of paper folded
within. That which was written on the
sheet of paper was as brief as it was
astounding to the girl—

  I will all my property to my nurse, Nan Rose.

• Howard Eliot.

  The tremulous writing writhed under
Nan’s dilating eyes as if alive. Her
brain reeled from the effort to compre-
hend this incredible thing. Twelve
words and the date—that was all. Yet
it purported to bestow upon her, Nan
Rose the pauper, a fortune!

  After the girl’s first shock of utter
amazement came horror, and then a wave
of righteous wrath. This subsided into
profound pity and indignation.

  She bent over the writing, her broad
little forehead puckered with the effort
of hard thinking. Suddenly her body
straightened. She looked up, her eyes
bright and resolute, and her lips half
parted in an eager smile.

  Her abrupt opening of the door sur-
prised Eliot in the midst of a heated pro-
test: “ —woman of breeding, Verna—a
lady. Otherwise we must wait until we
do find one.”
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

417

  “ Excuse me,” murmured Nan. She
met their questioning stares and stopped
short beside the closed door, her face
averted and her gaze on the floor. “ Ive
come back. I—I changed my mmd.”

  “ What? YoU mean you agree?” que-
ried Eliot.

  He came striding to her, unmistakably
relieved and pleased. Miss Dc /ore drew
the thick veil down over her flushed face.

  “ You will sign an agreement—a con-
tract?” she demanded.

  “ Yes,” answered Nan with sudden ici-
ness.

  “ But the compensation, Miss Rose?”
remarked Eliot.

  Nan murmured the word in a vague
tone, as if her thoughts were elsewhere:
“ Compensation?”

  “ For your part in the—undertaking,”
he explained. “ Would five thousand dol-
lars be satisfactory to you?”

  “ Five thousand— Oh, yes; whatever
you wish.”

  Her indifference puzzled him and
roused the suspicions of Miss Devore.
She whispered in his ear. But he met
the insinuation with the same obstinate,
quixotic chivalry that had caused him to
refuse to consider the charges against
herself made by his father.

  “ I am positive, my dear, that Miss
Rose can be trusted — that she has no
thought other than to carry through the
arrangement as agreed upon.”

  “ I will do exactly what you wish,”
promised Nan.

  Even Miss Devore could detect no
guile in the direct, resolute gaze of the
girl’s gray eyes.

  “ Good!” said Eliot. He took out his
check-book and a fountain pen. “ I will
write a check for five thousand dollars in
your favor as Mrs. Arthur Eliot. You
will cash it as soon as we are married and
you haw told Judge Laton you are my
wife.”

  “ Must I—go and—and tell him?” fal-
tered I Tan.

   “ We consider it necessary,” replied the
young man. “ He is sole executor of the

     5	a-s

will. Unless he is convinced of the mar-
riage, he can prevent the estate from
coming to me.”

  Nan looked down at her little -ringless
hands. “ That would be most unjust! ”
she murmured.

  “ He must do what the will directs,”
explained Eliot. u I cannot blame him;
while as for my father—you know how it
was with him. Po&r old dad! They say
no one dies a Christian death whose dis-
ease is located below the diaphram.' He
suffered* so damnably. Fact is, I can’t
believe he was responsible for all this.
Anyway, I’m certain he wished to change
his will—there at the last—else I’d not
have resorted to this miserable subter-
fuge.”

  “ Suffering makes angels of some peo-
ple—” began Nan.

  “ And fiends of others,” Miss Devore
broke in.

   “ Oh, no, not that! ” differed Nan. “ It
only makes them, as Mr. Eliot says, not
responsible.”

  For the first time the young man’s lips
quirked up at the corner In their fasci-
nating crooked anile. The girl’s eyelids
quivered and sank, and she drew in a deep
breath.

   “ That settles it,” he said.

  He wrote a check and handed it to her.
She thrust it into her bosom without look-
ing at the amount or the names. Again
he smiled his appreciation.

  “ Will an immediate marriage be agree-
able?” he asked.

  “ The sooner the better,” replied Nan.

  “ She has yet to sign the agreement,
Arthur,” Miss Devore reminded him.

  He took a typewritten sheet of paper
from an inner pocket, unfolded it, and
reached a match from the oid-fashioned
safe of the bracket lamp beside the door.

  “ Arthur — wait! ” shrilled the veiled
lady. “ You cannot intend—”

  “Why not?” he asked. “Miss Rose
has my check. That safeguards her. It
is drawn to her as my wife. That safe-
guards me. For the rest I have her word
and she has mine.”
418

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The match crackled on the sandpaper
front of the safe. As he held it to the
lower corner of the typewritten paper,
he remarked with an astuteness that
neither girl would have expected of his
frank, artifice-disdaining nature:

  “ The fewer who know of this agree-
ment the better. If kept in writing, it
might have fallen into the possession of
some one unscrupulous enough to at
tempt blackmailing—or Judge Laton
might have seen it.” "

  He waved the flaming paper to save
his fingers. A whiff of the acrid smoke
sickened Nan. Owing to her weakened
condition she was already faint from the
close air of the room. She swayed dizzily
and put a hand against the door to
steady herself.

  His voice came to her as if from across
a field of humming bees: “ You’re ill!”

  “ No — no,” she sought to deny.
“Only a trifle— You see, at the hos-
pital, we usually had a cup of tea—or
something—midmorning.”

  She was dimly conscious of supporting
hands. After a time she roused to the
fact that she was reclining on a^sofa
before an opened window. Miss Devore
was energetically fanning into her face
the warm but fresh air that flowed in
over the window-sill. The veil that con-
cealed the lady’s expression caused Nan’s
gaze to shift.

  The window was ornamented with an
outcurving grille of copper. Through the
screen that was stretched over the grille
Nan looked out into the grateful dark-
green of a big tree. Her gaze returned
to the room, and for the first time she
had attention to spare for its quiet
charm. It was a big old-fashioned bed-
chamber-, decorated in restful tones and
furnished with quaint antique pieces,
with the exception of the comfortable
modern brass bed.

  A pleasant jingle attracted her glance
to the opening door. Eliot stepped in
and took a tray from a Jap, who remained
outside. As Nan drew herself up to a
sitting position he closed the door and

came across to her. On the tray were
sugar, cream, a small pot of cocoa, and
a plate of wafers. Nan lowered her dark
lashes to hide the ravenous look in her
eyes.

  “ Won’t you and Miss Devore join
me?” she forced herself to murmur.

  “ If you’ll excuse us I wish to speak
with Miss Devore about the arrange-
ments,” he replied.

  Whether or not the act was planned
out of consideration for Nan, his taking
of Miss Devore from the room permitted
the hungry girl to eat without restraint.
When they returned, every dish on the
tray was empty. The few cubes of
sugar that Nan had not dissolved in her
cocoa were in the pocket of her dress.
She was not particularly fond of sweets,
but she knew that sugar is one of the
most sustaining of foods, and she needed
strength to endure the ordeal of. her
temporary marriage.

  To divert attention from the empty
tray she remarked her opinion of the
room: “ This is so quiet and restful. Do
you know, I believe I shall come here
for a week’s vacation while planning my
college course.”

  “ Good idea,” approved Eliot. “ You
may consider the charges rather high, but
it seems to be a very desirable place for
one who wishes rest and quiet. Glad to
hear you intend to go to college. You’ll
like it.”

  Miss Devore somewhat impatiently
held out a large dark veil and an auto-
mobile wrap of rich-appearing silk.

  “ Oh, yes,” said- Eliot. “ Miss Rose,
may I ask you kindly to wear these?
It’s necessary for you to look the part in
your dress as well as—as yourself, espe-
cially before Laton.”

 He held the wrap for Nan with a
genial courteousness that caused Miss
Devore to tap the floor with the toe of
her stylish pump. Nan slipped into the
wrap and took the veil to the mirror.

  When she turned about, only an ob-
servant woman would have noticed any-
thing lacking in the fashionableness of
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

419

her costume. The wrap extended an
undue distance below the hem of the
skirt, but it covered over the cheapness
of her dress. The veil converted her
home-made hat into a creation and con-
cealed her red hair.

CHAPTER XI.

LAW AND EVIDENCE.

THERE was no one to observe the
three until they came down-stairs
and out on the rustic porch. De-
vore was waiting beside the limousine.
At sight of him Nan’s flushed face paled
and she coldly placed herself on, the far
side of Miss Devore. Eliot noticed her
look and frowned inquiringly at Devore.

  “ No call to murder me, old man,”
complained the mutely accused. “ Met
Miss Rose on the street. She looked so
pegged I made the mistake of offering
her a loan. Bally blunder — but well
meant. Forgot I’d never been formally
—er—presented to the lady. Over the
pond, y’know, the roof is considered an
introduction.”

  “ Lennie always means well,” inter-
posed Miss Devore. She turned frigidly
to Nan. “ Miss Rose, I present my
brother. It is necessary, for he is to be
one of your witnesses.”

  Devore doffed his cap, opened the door
of the limousine, and stepped aside with
self-effacing deference while Eliot handed
in the girls. The two men then took the
front seats and Eliot drove the car to-
wards the heart of the city.

  Throughout the trip Devore chatted
garrulously to his companion. Behind
them Nan and Miss Devore sat silent
and as far apart from one another as
the width of the limousine would permit
When the party entered the city hall
the witnesses waited in the corridor
while Eliot and Nan secured the mar-
riage license. They were soon in pos-
session of the required legal permission
for Arthur Howard Eliot, age twenty-
three years, and Annabelle Randolph

Rose, age twenty years, to marry one
another.

  At the door of the justice’s courtroom
Eliot, as too often happens with bride-
grooms, found that he had forgotten to
provide a ring.

  “ But is one necessary — for us?”
questioned Nan, all on edge from the
frightful mental strain that she was
forcing herself to endure with outward
composure.	'

  “ That fat old attorney will look for
it,” replied Miss Devore irritably, as she
stripped off a glove to remove the
smallest and least expensive of her rings.

  Nan interposed with frigid decisive-
ness: “ Do not trouble. It is too large,
and I prefer a plain gold band.”

  Eliot shrugged. He was enjoying the
situation no more than Nan and Miss
Devore.

  “ My fault. We’ll have to go to a
jeweler’s.”

  They returned to the limousine, and
he drove to a jewelry store. A clerk
brought out rings- of various sizes, from
which Nan selected a broad band that
fitted snuggly on her small finger. With
her hand restored to its usual plump-
ness the ring would have been difficult to
remove.

  Within a few minutes they were back
at the door of the justice. Eliot looked
at Nan with sudden embarrassed diffi-
dence in his dark eyes.

  “You are still willing to—go through
with it?” he asked.

  She rallied her faltering courage and
nodded her assent. He bowed her into
the drab little courtroom with grave
courtesy. Miss Devore followed at
Nan's shoulder. The justice was leaving
his bench for the noon recess. Devore
unobtrusively slipped around the out-
drifting throng of spectators and spoke
in the ear of the justice.

  A minute or so later Nan found her-
self in a dingy office back of the court-
room, with her three companions, the
elderly justice of the peace, and his rat-
faced young clerk.
420

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The justice was pursy and bald and
good-natured. Given a cassock, he
might have posed for a Friar Tuck. The
suggestion brought Nan a touch of di-
version and relief from her stress. She
realized that she was at least being
spared the mockery of a ministerial wed-
ding. She had escaped what she felt
would have been a 'religious travesty.
And this fusty ceremony would be no
less binding. That was the one es-
sential—a legal marriage.

  Eliot stood beside her, very grave and
uneasy-eyed, though his mouth was al-
most grimly determined. But that is
the way with many bridegrooms. She
was deathly pale, and her eyes looked
past the justice in a wide gaze that saw
nothing—after the manner of many
brides. Eliot gave his response in a
husky undertone. When the question
was put to Nan she answered with dis-
concerting clearness.

  She felt her bridegroom’s involuntary
start, and saw the twinkle in the
humorous eyes of the justice. A flood
of scarlet surged into her cheeks. Her
eyes sank to the worn linoleum at her
feet, and she did not stir until Eliot had
slipped the ring on her finger and the
justice had pronounced them husband
and wife. Then, very quickly, she
jerked the thick double veil down over
her face.

  There followed a seemingly intermin-
able delay while entry was being made
of the marriage and a certificate filled
out. At last his voice—the voice of her
husband—murmured apolgetically in her
ear:

  “ Didn’t think it would be so hard.
But you’re plucky!—only Laton now.”

  She could have screamed when he
took her arm. But no one saw her ex-
pression, for her face was now veiled as
completely as Miss Devore’s. Neither
the justice nor the clerk had noticed
anything unusual about the party aside
from their appearance of affluence and
a degree of emotional stress natural to
the occasion.

  From the city hall Eliot drove to the
building in which Judge Laton had his
offices. There was no discussion ovc
the method of procedure. Devore and
Miss Devore remained in the limousine,
while Eliot silently handed out Nan and
escorted her into the building.

  She observed how his eyes steadied
and his mouth became more resolute as
they shot up the elevator toward the
offices of the lawyer. It pleased her to
see his uneasy concern over herself turn
to grim preparedness for the meeting
with Judge Laton. The scheme was on
the verge of its crisis, and he was going
to face the lawyer like a man.

  They found the anteroom and front
offices empty. The stenographer and
clerks were out at lunch. Eliot tried the
door of the private office. It was un-
locked. He walked in without knocking.

  Judge Laton sat with his portly body
sprawled back in his desk chair. His fac
head hung forward with its heavy jowl
puffed down upon his chest. His face
and neck were brick red, and he was
gasping and gurgling as if half choked.

  Nan clutched at Eliot’s arm and then
darted forward. The big lawyer ap-
peared to have suffered some kind of
apoplectic stroke. But at the first touch
cf the girl’s fingers on his bulging cheek
he uttered a sound not unlike the snort
of a startled horse and straightened up
in his chair to dart a piercing glance at
the intruders. At once his little whitish
pig eyes began to twinkle, and the smile-
wrinkles at their outer corners puckered.

  “ Huh-umm! Caught me napping,
eh?” he boomed.- “This hot weather a
siesta fs preferable to a lunch—for a
man of my weight.”

  The remark gave Eliot time to step
forward and place a chair for Nan al-
most at the lawyer’s elbow. As she
gratefully sank down upon the seat he
stood over her and fired his bomb:

  “ Judge, I wish to introduce you to
my wife.”

  The lawyer sat perfectly still, his
every feature immobile except the rest-
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

421

less eyes. They flashed their glances in
rapid succession up and down the veiled
lady and the young man. Then, with a
deep puff, the lawyer heaved himself to
his feet and bowed gravely to Nan.

  “ My compliments to Mrs. Arthur
Eliot,” he rumbled, with a barely per-
ceptible hint of incredulity in his voice
and glance.

  Eliot set his jaw and handed over the
marriage license and certificate. Judge
Laton glanced at them, pursed his lips,
and sat down to read. Almost instantly
his face again became immobile. He
shot a roving glance at Nan.

  “ Rose — so! — Annabelle Randolph
Rose. Have I not had the honor of
meeting you before, Mrs. Eliot?”

  Nan lifted her left hand in a gesture
that displayed her wedding ring while
she drew up her veil. As she met his
momentarily fixed gaze she thought she
saw in the little eyes a twinkle that was
both shrewd and humorous. Eliot
noticed only the continued immobility
of the lawyer’s gross face. He muttered
half apologetically:

  “ During my father’s last days Miss
Rose—that was—eased his suffering by
her kind and efficient nursing.”

  A bland smile wreathed about the big
fat face. One of the pudgy hands
thumped approval upon the desk.

  “ Spoken like the son of your father!
—and still better done! You have
broken with the lady whom he disproved,
and shown your appreciation of the
lady who gained his affection.”

  “ Oh, no—I—” faltered Nan. “ Surely
he—”

  A slow flush reddened Eliot’s face.

  “ I have come to you on a matter of
business, Judge Laton. You now have
the proof that I have married another
than my—than Miss Verna Devore. As
I understand your interpretation of the
will I am now entitled to — my prop-
erty.”

  The smile lingered about the lawyer’s
eyes as he pondered the point with the
wariness of an old counsellor.

  “ Now entitled? Yes, that, I believe,
is the deduction to be drawn from your
compliance with the fundamental condi-
tion. But one should be precise in such
matters. That memorandum of the
terms—let us see.”

  He bent over to open a drawer in the
side of his desk next to Nan. She drew
her feet farther back under her chair.
'But his down-stooped head brought his
restless glance in under the hem of the
silk automobile wrap. After turning
over the papers in the drawer he straight-
ened up, puffing and very red of face.

  “ The memorandum appears to have
been mislaid,” he rumbled, his glance
flickering at and around the young
couple. “ As you may remember, the
terms of the will are somewhat involved.
However, I will make every effort to
render you a precise statement of your
present status at an early date. Mean-
time, if you require a few thousands for
the—hum—honeymoon trip—”

  His glance darted into Nan’s whiten-
ing face before she could drop her veil.
The flush that lingered in Eliot’s cheeks
deepened.

  “ Thanks, no,” he declined. “ Are
you fully satisfied that our marriage is
l’egal?”

  “ This license and certificate have
every appearance of being incontroverti-
ble,” the lawyer evaded a direct answer.
“ With the permission of yourself and
Mrs. Eliot, I shall keep them as, so to
speak, vouchers. Or, if you prefer, I
will secure a duplicate certificate of the
marriage and a certified excerpt from
the license record.”

  “ You are welcome to keep these. And
now, if you will pardon us, we will take
our leave.”

  Judge Laton rose even more briskly
than Nan. As he bowed to her his bull
voice mellowed to sonorous gentleness:

  “ Madam, in colloquial parlance, I am
the Eliot family lawyer. You are now
the daughter-in-law of my late client
and friend, Howard Eliot. Both as ex-
ecutor of his will and as the family
422

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

counsellor, I wish to place my services
at your disposal. I shall feel honored
to have you consult me, if at any time
you feel inclined to ask my legal or
friendly advice.”

  “ You are—very—very kind to say
it,” murmured Nan.

  For several moments after Eliot led
her out the old lawyer continued to
stand beside his desk, his glance flicker-
ing about and under the chair in which
she had sat. When the first of his clerks
came hurrying back from lunch, he
clapped on his old-fashioned broad-
brimmed panama and went out.

CHAPTER XII.

A CHECK ON A CHECK.

ABOUT the same time that the
lawyer left his offices a limousine
with drawn curtains stopped at the
curb of a quiet side street, half a block
short of one of the main business thor-
oughfares. Eliot swung from the front
of the limousine to open the door for
Nan.

  When the girl stepped out, her cheap
dress and home-trimmed hat were no
longer covered by the disguising veil
and wrap. Her face was very white
and drawn. Eliot flushed as he lifted his
cap.

  “ May I thank you for the great serv-
ice that you have rendered me?” he mur-
mured somewhat awkwardly. “ I did
not realize how hard it would be for
you. Really, I’d like to double the
amount of that check.”

  “Oh, no, no!” exclaimed Nan, and
she abruptly started to leave, so that he
might not see the look in her eyes.

  “ The other way,” he said. “ My
bank is at the corner. You must be
identified. I’ll ask Mr. Devore to—”
“No!” refused Nan. “I don’t want
—I’ll not have him go with me!”

  “ But you must have some one. I’ll
go myself. Verna, if you’ll hand out the
veil and wrap.”

  Instead of the articles, Miss Devore
thrust out her head. She looked dis-
dainfully at Nan.

  “ You cannot go in with her, Arthur.
There’s been quite enough publicity
without that.”

  Nan flared. “ I quite agree with you!
Good day, Mr. Eliot.”

  He started towards her as she hurried
off. “ Wait. I’ll take the check in my-
self—cash it for you and—”

  But Nan was already several yards
away and too angry to realize what he
meant. As she did not look around, she
was unaware that he was following. The
side entrance of a department store of-
fered her escape from the detested gaze
of Miss Devore. She darted through.

  For several moments Eliot was blocked
st the door by the outsurge of a party of
women shoppers. When he entered,
Nan had disappeared. Between the
many elevators and the aisles crowded
with shoppers, the chance of finding so
small a girl was infinitesimal. Eliot
frowned, shrugged, and turned back.

  Five minutes later Nan left the front
entrance of the store and peeped around
the corner. The limousine was gone.
She stepped back before the store win-
dow and pretended to be looking at the
articles on display while she sought to
regain her composure.

  If only he had been cold and business-
like! But he had shown himself so kind
and concerned for her and so boyishly
embarrassed, as if he really considered
her an equal—as a lady who was break-
ing the conventions to do him a service.
Yet she had taken his pay.

  A hot blush burned her cheeks. The
only persons near had just passed. She
drew from the bosom of her dress the
check that he had thrust upon her.
The sight of it gave added poignancy to
her realization of the situation.

  Pay to Mrs. Arthur H. Eliot Five Thousand
Dollars.

  She was Mrs. Arthur H. Eliot — she
was his legal wife. There was his wed-
HIS TEMPORARY WIFE.

423

ding ring on one of the quivering fingers
that held his check. What a mockery!

  The check crumpled in her clenching
hand. She flung it down and stamped
her foot upon it. The blow burst open
one of the cracks in the upper of the
worn little shoe. At sight of the break
the angry color ebbed from her face.
She bent over and snatched up the bit
of soiled paper. Very carefully she
wiped it with her handkerchief.

  “I can’t help it!” she murmured to
the disconcertment of a dignified matron
who was turning in beside her to look
at the latest model corset. “ I must use
it. And I’ve paid for it—doubly!”

  The matron sheered away. Quite ob-
livious of the startled lady Nan folded
the creased soiled check and walked
resolutely around the corner and along
the side block. The hurriedness of her
pace, together with the heat of the early
afternoon sun and the stress and excite-
ment through which she had passed
brought her to the bank rather feverish
and by no means as clear-headed as
usual.

  She thrust the check in at the paying-
teller’s window. He stared at it a per-
ceptible moment, glanced at its back,
and pushed it out to her, with veiled
inquiry in his non-commital eyes.

  “ You must endorse the check, madam
—write your name on'the back.”

  “Oh, of course! How stupid of me!”
exclaimed Nan, ashamed and a bit flur-
ried over her forgetfulness.

  As sh£ turned to the nearest desk the
teller made a sign to a lank, narrow-
eyed man who stood lounging against a
pillar. The man drifted up behind Nan
when she hastened back to the window.
The teller looked again at the face of
the check, then at the back.

  “ Excuse me, madam,” he said.
“ This check is to Mrs. Arthur H. Eliot,
but you have endorsed it ‘ Nan R.
Rose.’ ”

  Nan’s confusion and blush of shame
were indistinguishable from the symptoms
of guilt.

  “ But—but do 1 have to sign it that
way?” she faltered. “ I would much
rather use my own—that is, my unmar-
ried name.”

  “ Unless indorsed by her to you, I can-
not pay you this check in Mrs. Eliot’s
favor,” replied the cashier.

  The girl’s vexation at her blunder
turned to irritation against him for his
obtuseness. She held up her hand with
the wedding-ring.

  “ If necessary, I will, of course, indorse
it as you wish. I am Mrs. Eliot.”

  The narrow-eyed mstn gave the teller a
significant look over her head. The teller
smiled apologetically.

  “ May I ask you to get the check
initialed by the cashier? He is personally
acquainted with Mr. Eliot. Mr. Grayson
here will show you to the cashier’s office.”
Annoyed but quite unsuspicious, Nan
looked around at the narrow-eyed man,
and acknowledged with a slight bow the
touch he gave his hat. When they came
to the door of the cashier’s office he
opened it for her and followed her in.
The cashier caught Grayson’s look and
coldly motioned Nan to a seat.

  “ What can I do for you, miss?” he
asked in a guarded tone.

  “ I am Mrs. Arthur Eliot,” replied
Nan, and she handed him the check.
“ Because I indorsed this with my own—
that is, my unmarried name, the teller
told me to have you do something to it.
I forget just what.”

  “ Probably for me to initial it—indi-
cate that I consider it all right,” ex-
plained the cashier.

  His trained glance looked first at
Eliot’s signature and then at Nan’s in-
dorsement. The crinkled and soiled con-
dition of the check seemed to him to offer
the right clue.

  “ Do you consider it honest to cash a
check that some one has lost?’' he que-
ried.

  Nan flushed with indignation. “ I told
you I am Mrs. Eliot. Give me a pen and
I will sign my married name.”

  The cashier exchanged a glance with
424

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Grayson and handed his pen to Nan.
Without the slightest trace of hesitancy,
she wrote “ Mrs. Arthur H. Eliot ” above
her maiden name.

  “ There,” she said. “ Now give me my
money.”

  She thrust the check back at the cash-
ier. He took it and looked at her with
keen scrutiny behind his tactfully polite
smile.

  “ If you will pardon me, madam, I am
personally acquainted with Mr. Eliot, and
I had reason to believe that his fiancee
was another lady than yourself. I have
yet to receive a wedding announce-
ment—”

  “ We were married this noon very un-
expectedly,” said Nan.

  “ Indeed?” questioned the cashier, his
eyes taking in again the girl’s hat and
dress and shoes.. “ Pardon me, but may
I ask why, if you have been a bride only
these few hours, Mr. Eliot did not come
to the bank with you?”

  Nan crimsoned and flared. “ Because
I would not let him! Besides, there ought
to be no need. I’ve cashed checks here
before—when I was at the hospital.”

  “ Ah!” murmured the cashier, his eye-
brows arching. There had been gossip at
the club about young Eliot’s father and a
little red-headed nurse. Here was a prob-
able explanation of the check. The girl
held something against either father or
son, and had blackmailed the latter into
marrying her.

  The astute official temporized. “ My
dear madam, I of course do not doubt
what you say, but we have certain bank
rules. May I ask if the superintendent
of your hospital can identify you — I
mean, as Mrs. Arthur Eliot?”

  “ I wouldn’t accept the slightest favor
from him, if he could give it!” flashed
Nan.

  “ But I regret to say, madam, it is an
inflexible rule—we cannot cash this check
until you are identified as Mrs Eliot.
Shall I call up Mr. Eliot’s residence?”

  “ No! ” forbade the girl. She thought a
moment. “ Would Mr.—I mean, Judge

Laton do. He knows all about it. He
has the license.”

  The cashier bowed and took up his tele-
phone to call Judge Laton’s office. At
the answer he hung up and looked doubt-
fully at Nan.

  “ Judge Laton is not in.”

  “Oh, dear!” she exclaimed. “But I
must have my money—at least some of
it—at once. Your bank will close soon,
and then I—” She bit her lip. “ I don’t
care—I must have it! Please call up Mr.
Eliot.”

  At this request the grimly waiting de-
tective stared in blank perplexity. The
cashier promptly called up the Eliot man-
sion. The footman caretaker answered
that Mr. Eliot had given all the other ser-
vants a vacation on pay, and was still
occupying his apartment at the Ritz-
Carlton. A call for Eliot at the hotel
brought the information that he had not
yet returned from a morning’s motor
drive with Miss Devore and her brother.

  The cashier and detective exchanged
glances. Nan was looking down at the
worn tips of her shoes. There was no
place in all the city where she could .go
except back to her miserable lodging, and
she doubted whether she could walk so
far. She was faint with the emotional
reaction from her marriage and the visit
to Judge Laton, her parting with Eliot,
and now this cruel delay.

  “ If you please,” she asked, “ may I
stay here until you reach Judge Laton or
Mr. Eliot on the phone?”

  “Certainly, madam, by all means!”
consented the cashier, and he cast a look
of relief at the detective. “ The vice-
president is out for the afternoon. Mr.
Grayson will show you into his office,
where you can rest, while I endeavor to
locate—”

  He did not finish the sentence. Nan
had risen, only to totter and sway. She
would have fallen heavily had not the
alert detective clutched her lax body as
she sagged down.

  “Out for the count!” he muttered.
“ Good chance to frisk her, sir.”
BREAD UPON THE WATERS.

425

  “ No,” ordered the cashier. “ There is
no question as to Eliot’s signature, and
the girl is not dishonest—though she may
be mentally irresponsible. Put her on
Mr. Miles’s divan and have Miss McKay
attend to her—call a doctor, if necessary.

I will ask that Judge Laton and Mr. Eliot
call me up as soon as they return.”

  He took up his telephone as Grayson
went out at the side door carrying the
limp, pitiful little figure of the swooning
girl.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget thi* magazine it issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

DuVeraet

  R_ai>ell

OF course at the finish I was sorry
for both of them, but on the whole
I was sorriest for Jim Beckwith—
backing his belief cost him money. But
I am sorry for Take-a-Chance Castle,
too, because it’s only a question of time
when that theory of his is going to cost
him money, too; and more than that, a
lot of faith in human nature; the excep-
tional kind of human nature not the rule.

  Take-a-Chance Castle—his right name
is Senator Ebert L. Castle—is one of
those men who say, “ I never argue,” and
then goes ahead to convince you of some-
thing you don’t believe and don’t want
to believe with the eloquence of a silver-
tongued legal light trying a case before
a jury of Missouri farmers.

  That man had a theory on everything;
the war, the ponies, politics, and poker;
but the theory that was dearest to his
heart was that it’s always safe to take a
chance on any member of the human
species.

  “ I don’t play the market,” he used
to say, “ I don’t play the ponies, and I
don’t play poker—not much, that is, and
my true friends tell me that not much
is too much—but I do play people. I
play ’em to win, for place, for show—
right across the board. Just let me get
a good look at a man, that’s all I ask,
and I’ll place a bet.”

  Oh, Take-a-Chance Castle had an ad-
vanced case of optimania all right, and
there didn’t seem to be any cure for him.
426

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

And that was strange, too, because his
two best friends—Castle had a string of
friends that stretched from Bar Harbor
to the Barbary Coast in Frisco—were
Keith Kenlon, owner of the Chicago Star,
and Jim Beckwith, president of one of
the largest detective agencies in the
country.

  Of course, what these two didn’t know
about human nature—the seamy side—
wasn’t worth knowing, and they sure did
do their best to pass the results of their
knowledge and experience along to Take-
a-Chance Castle.

  But their success was not conspicuous.
It was something of a joke with Beck-
with because he felt that all he had to
do was to sit tight and wait for some
sweet soul to land Castle and he’d have
the pleasure of drawing his tried and
trusty “ I told you so.”

  In fact, he was so sure about this that
he had a standing twenty-to-one bet with
Castle on the subject. But his friend’s
failing used to worry Kenlon; Kenlon
was the worrying kind, anyhow, and then,
besides, he more than liked Castle, he
was fond of him.

  Jim picked up Chance^—that’s what
his name was shortened up to—one night
toward the middle of September in the
Hotel Breville, Chicago. Chance was
wooing the breeze that was drifting shyly
off the lake, and dividing his attention
between a tall, frosty glass at his elbow
and a pair of noisy socks that he had
lifted to the window-sill for a better view.

  Chance hailed Jim with delight, and
after, trying to cool him off with a couple
of the same, launched into an enthusi-
astic account of his latest “ bread upon
the waters ” venture, as he always called
his experiences in the so-called proof of
his theory when his mood was high. Jim,
however, was in a glum frame of mind,
and declined to be interested or even, as
was usual with him, amused with a recital
of Chance’s optimistic adventures. 4

  “ Go to it, Chance,” he remarked sar-
donically, at the finish. “ I’m a good
waiter, and I know it’s only a question

of time before—have you heard the song
they are singing over at the Liberty?

    “You can play it once,

   And sometimes twice,

    But the third time you'll get yours.”

   He turned and wagged an impressive
finger.

   “ And all I hope and pray is that
Keith Kenlon and I are occupying seats
close to the ring-side when the event
comes off.”

   Maybe the heat was oppressing Chance,
too. Anyhow, he didn’t take this with
his accustomed good humor.

   “ Huh!” he snorted. “ Don’t you love
to howl calamity—you and Kenlon,
too! I don’t blame you so much, Jim;
you make your living digging up the mis-
takes in this world and dragging them
up to the bar of justice! Of course, it’s
not to your interest to admit much good
in the world nor the people in it. But
Kenlon ought to have had his lesson.”

   “ Don’t get you,” Beckwith said.

   “ No, you wouldn’t. It’s all in a day’s
work to you. But I thought it struck
deeper with Kenlon, being it hit him so
close to home. You know who I mean
—Jack Kenlon. If Kenlon had been
willing to take a chance in his own son,
you and he wouldn’t have spent the
greater part of a year chasing over three
continents—and at that it didn’t do
either of you a bit of good. You didn’t
find the boy and you didn’t learn a thing
from it.”

   “ What was there to learn?” Jim want-
ed to know. “ Kenlon’s boy sowed some
heavy crop of wild oats and—”

   “ How do you know they were so wild?
Why couldn’t Kenlon have given him
a chance to explain?” Castle interrupted,
as always ready to argue at the drop of
the hat.

   Jim recognized the familiar symptoms,
and waved his hand wearily.

   “ Oh, let it go at that,” he begged.
,11 It’s too hot for one of your fights to
a finish.” He rose and felt his wilted
collar gingerly. “ I’m going over to the
BREAD UPON

THE WATERS.

427

club and see if the tank will cool me off.
Want to come?”

  Castle shook his head and managed a
grin when Jim called back warningly:

  “ Don’t take any wooden money while
I’m gone.”

  Once alone, Castle found himself ex-
ceedingly bored. He had scant use for
his own society at all times, and to-night
he felt rather injured. Jim Beckwith had
started an argument, an argument he
would have fully enjoyed, and then gone
off without giving his friend a run for
his money. Castle twisted about in his
chair with the vague notion of going to
hunt up somebody. As he turned some
one touched him on the shoulder.

  “ Pardon me,” a smooth voice said just
at his elbow, “ would you mind moving
your chair a bit? I want to use this
desk.”

  Chance rose at once and dragged his
chair around, and as he did so the man
behind him paused in the act of reaching
for a pen to look at him closely.

  “ Isn’t this Senator Castle?” he asked
after a second.

  Chance admitted his identity and be-
gan searching about in his mind, trying
to locate something familiar about the
man. He was tall, light, and distin-
guished-looking, with iron-gray hair and
a pair of keen eyes to match. He was
a man Castle felt he should have remem-
bered.

  “ You don’t remember me, I see,” the
other suggested, smiling. “ My name is
Minton; I met you in San Francisco a
year ago.” He paused and his smile
broadened. “ I’m a friend of Jim Beck-
with.”

  Chance beamed and held out his ready
hand.

  “ Yes, yes, indeed,” he said. “ Glad
to meet you again, Mr. Minton. Don’t
place just where we met at the moment,
but any friend of Jim Beckwith—” and
he finished with an eloquent gesture.

  “ We met at a Falcon Club dinner,”
the other went on to explain. He had
evidently abandoned all idea of attending

to his correspondence, because he rose and
joined Chance in the other broad chair
that faced the street.

  “ Sure—I’ll place you and all about
you in a minute,” Castle promised. If
he didn’t he’d ask. Castle, rescued from
a lonely evening, had now brightened to
his usual form. “ Are you from Frisco,
Mr. Minton?” he went on. “ Is it your
home, I mean? You know how it is meet-
ing a man from home on this side of the
Rockies.”

  Minton said he knew how it was per-
fectly, and went on to give Frisco as his
birthplace and quite a few facts concern-
ing his residence there. Of course, Cas'tle
knew half the town, and those he didn’t
know personally he knew people who did,
so in less than no time he and Minton
were hard at it. They went back as far
as the fire, and then from there to the
huge fortunes that had been made since
that disaster, the politics that had helped
or hindered those fortunes, and the news
of the town in general. Finally Minton
rose.

  “ I always drift down to the cafe for
a nightcap about this hour,” he said.
“ How about you joining me?”

  Chance accepted, with alacrity, and
soon the two were seated at a small table
in a corner of the cafe. The hour was
late and the place was almost empty; in
fact, except for a young chap in evening
clothes who sat at the next table, the
place was practically deserted.

  They gave their order, and as the
waiter was turning away the boy at the
next table called him sharply.

  The waiter stopped and both men
looked over. After a casual glance Min-
ton went on with his conversation, but
Chance, who always takes more than a
passing interest in every soul he lays eyes
on, continued to look.

  After a minute or so he leaned over
and touched Minton on the arm. “ Take
a look at that boy,” he said; “he looks
like the end of a misspent life, and no
mistake.” '

  Minton was plainly surprised by
426

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Chance’s interest. He interrupted him-
self in his story and glanced over his
shoulder.

  “ Does look rather seedy,” he agreed,
with no special interest, and went back
to what he was saying.

  But Chance’s interest somehow seemed
to stick to the boy at the next table.

  “ I’ve got boys of my own about his
age,” he said to explain his scrutiny;
“ anyhow, I always take notice of young
folks.”

  Minton nodded with what he evidently
tried to make polite understanding, but
couldn’t seem to work up much interest
ir. their neighbor. He was on the Cali-
fornian’s bugaboo, a possible Japanese
invasion, and was entirely wrapped up in
his subject.

  When the waiter appeared with their
order he brought the boy’s at the same
time. Minton cut short his monologue
and gave his entire attention to his
brandy, holding it up to the light and
then carefully measuring it into his tall
glass. He took some time about this,
and while he waited, Chance’s eyes trav-
eled back to the next table.

  The boy was slouched down in his chair
staring stupidly at the glass before him.
In a moment he roused himself, and be-
gan to go carefully through all of his
pockets. Finally he brought out a small
bottle, and after tapping it on the edge of
the table, he emptied it into his glass.

  “ Idiot! ” Minton exclaimed suddenly,
pounding irritably on the table. “ I dis-
tinctly ordered soda, and look what he’s
brought me? Where’s that fool waiter?”

  He pushed the carbonic siphon violent-
ly aside and twisted about in his chair.

  But the waiter, after the manner of
his kind, had vanished from view, and
so, with a muttered apology, Minton
reached across to the next table and
helped himself to the soda siphon that
stood there. As he did so his cuff caught
on the boy’s glass and it went crashing
to the floor.

N The boy jumped to his feet. “ Say,”
he demanded angrily, “ what do you

think you’re doing—what do you mean
by reaching across my table like that,
anyhow? Look what you’ve done?”

  Well, of course, Minton was sorry, and
said so, but it was an accident that might
have happened to anybody, and he and
Chance were both utterly surprised when
the boy angrily waved aside all explana-
tions and, after raving for a moment with
a violence all out of proportion to the
cause for offense, threw a coin down on
the table and tore out of the place.

. “ Now, what do you know about that?”
Minton asked, staring after him.

  Chance was equally nonplused and
shook his head.

  “ Probably been drinking.” Minton
shrugged and then, apparently dismissing
the incident from his mind, he raised his
glass. . “ Here’s luck!”

  Chance raised his glass. Suddenly over
the rim he noticed that the small bottle
was still lying on the other table. He
tilted back in his chair and picked it up.

  “ While you were mixing your high-
ball,” he explained to Minton, “ that kid
dropped some powder from this bottle
into his glass. I wonder what was in it?”

  Minton took the bottle in his hand.
There was no label on it, so he sniffed
gingerly at the few grains of powder that
still remained on the bottom. “ Know
anything about drugs?” he asked curi-
ously.

  “ Not a thing.”

  Minton put the bottle back on the
table and smiled a bit sheepishly.

  “ Of course it would never have en-
tered my head if you hadn’t called my
attention to how seedy this chap looked.
This, in all probability, is some medicine
he was taking, but still he laughed a
little nervously. “ I’m a fool, I know,
but I once saw a chap in Hong-Kong—■
an attache of the French legation—com-
mit suicide under similar circumstances,
and it made a lasting impression on my
mind.”

  “ Good Lord, I should think it might!”
Chance said.

  Minton seemed anxious to throw off
BREAD UPON THE WATERS.

429

the disagreeable remembrance, and ab-
ruptly switched to an irrelevant topic,
but Chance couldn’t seem to listen to
him. He just couldn’t get his mind off
that - boy—his appearance, his manner,
and finally his outburst over what ap-
peared such a trifling occurrence. Sud-
denly he rose to his feet.

   “ Call me any kind of a fool you like,
Minton,” he said, “ but that boy’s got
me. I simply can’t sit here and let him go
out to I don’t know what. I have a feel-
ing about these things, intuition, a hunch,
or something, and I’ve got to find him.”

   Minton thought he was crazy; he told
him that he was, and that he was over-
playing his impression, but he couldn’t"
influence Chance any. He threw off his
hand and hurried to the door and looked
up and down the street. Then he turned
and beckoned excitedly. About a block
away he had recognized the tall young
figure standing in the light from a drug-
store. Castle started off down the street
with the still objecting Minton at his
heels.

  When Chance touched the boy’s arm
he whirled around as if he had been shot.

. Then he recognized the two men, and a
black scowl spread over his face.

   But it didn’t stop Chance.

  “ What’s the matter with you, my
friend?” he asked with his big smile, still
keeping his hand on the young chap’s
arm.

   “ Is that your affair or mine?” the boy
snapped, jerking his arm away.

   “ On the face of it, it’s yours,” Chance
conceded, “ but I’m sort of making it
mine; it’s a way I have. I can see you’re
in wrong somewhere; and as I’ve got boys
of my.own, I’d like to help—if you’ll let
me.”

   “ Well, I won’t,” and the boy closed
matters by turning back to the drug-store
window.

  “Won’t you give me a chance?”
Chance persisted.

   “ Say, you’re a regular good Samaritan,
aren’t you?” the boy sneered.

   This brought Minton into the game.

  “ That’s a fine way to talk when a man
offers to help you,” he said.

  But the boy only scowled at him and
made no reply. Chance seemed rather at
a loss.

  “ Oh, come on back!” Minton urged in
disgust. “ You can’t do anything. He’s
either drunk or he’s a dope fiend or—”
The boy swung round savagely,

  “ Dope-fiend! A fine chance for a dope
fiend in this town! Why, you can’t get
enough dope here to pass out with. You
spoiled the last chance I had.”

  Chance was horrified, and even Minton
seemed a bit shaken, and made no fur-
ther objection when Chance determinedly
passed his hand through the boy’s arm
and turned him round toward the hotel.
At first the boy hung back; he was sullen
and he was ugly, but Chance is some per-
suader, and in the end he had his way.
Once back in the cafe, he got a stiff high-
ball into the boy, and soon had him talk-
ing.

  As the boy said, there was nothing newT
in his tale, but it had its points at that.

  “ I’m from the coast,” he said—“ from
San Francisco,” and of course, at this,
both his listeners sat upright. “ My
name is Harris Whitmore. I suppose you
know my dad, I. G. Whitmore; every-
body does. I’ll cut this as short as I can;
God knows it’s not pleasant telling! Well,
about three years ago I got into a scrape
with a woman; it was in all the news-
papers, and that finished me with dad.
He shut down the brakes, and I drifted
East. I finally managed to get a position
here, and I honestly think I was making
good. I married a girl I met here, and
have a boy a year old.”

 “ Go on,” both men urged as he
paused.

  “ A week ago the woman from Frisco
turned up. She was on her way to South
America. She put a big price on her
going away without telling what she knew
about me, and I couldn’t raise it—not all
of it. Her silence meant my wife, my
boy’s name, my position — everything!
I—I didn’t know what to do.”
430

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Why didn’t you wire your father?”
Minton suggested.

  “ He wouldn’t have believed me. He’s
taken too many chances on me.”

  “There you have it!” Chance burst
cut. “ Good Lord! If we won’t take a
chance on our own, where do we aim to
get off, anyhow?”

  The boy shrugged and gulped the re-
mainder of his whisky.

  “ Well, I got the money. I helped my-
self to what I had to have—five hundred
dollars out of the firm’s cash drawer. I
can’t keep it dark after to-morrow—and
then the quick finish for me.” He hid his
face in his hands, and his shoulders shook.

  Minton hadn’t seemed much impressed
at the beginning of the boy’s story, but
now he fidgeted about uneasily; and as
for Chance, he was all upset. Minton
kept looking at him as if to intimate that
their uncomfortable position was undoubt-
edly of his making, and it was rather up
to him to do something. But Chance had
nothing to suggest.

  “ Mr. Castle,” Minton asked slowly,
after a thoughtful moment, “ do you ever
take a chance?”	-

  Chance started as at the mention of an
old friend.

  “That’s my middle name,” he declared.

  Minton seemed to search for the exact
words he wanted.

  “ I don’t claim to be much of a judge
of people,” he said presently, “ but this
boy’s story sounds straight to me. How
about it?”

  “ Same here.”

  “ Now, I’m not a rich man,” Minton
went on, “ and two hundred and fifty
dollars means something to me — but it
means more to this boy. It means his
salvation. Mr. Castle, will you take a
chance?”

  Would he? Chance had his check-book
out before the other finished speaking,
and in less than no time the whole thing
was fixed up. The boy, could hardly ex-
press his gratitude, and Chance went to
bed all in a glow of self-glorification.

  About ten the next morning, while

Chance was quietly eating his breakfast,
Jim Beckwith tore into the dining-room.
Jim began to talk before Chance had
much more than a chance to say good
morning.

  “ You had it coming to you,” he gloat-
ed, and then suddenly he became serious.
“ You know, Chance,” he went on to ex-
plain, evidently trying to keep the excite-
ment out of his voice, “ as I’ve so often
f • • •
told you, this town is a gold-mine for any

one with a quick wit, an elastic conscience,
and sense enough to go while the going is
good. Chicago is the crook’s paradise.”

  He leaned over the table and tapped
Chance’s arm.

  “ Now, there’s a pair of crooks I’ve
chased in and out of about every city in
the Union. I’ve never caught up with
them, and I’ve never quite got the goods
on them—until now. They didn’t stay
long in any one place, and the class of
men they get won’t make a holler after
they see they’ve been handed a gold
brick.”

  “ Why not?”

  “ They don’t want to publicly brand
themselves as good things, I suppose.”
Jim came to an impressive pause.
“ Chance, fate has overtaken you! They
got you last night. What did it cost
you?”

  Chance protested; but when Jim went
on and described the whole scene as re-
ported by one of his detectives, he had
nothing further to say. But he did renig
absolutely and vigorously when Jim said
he would have to come across and testify.

  He pointed to his nickname almost
tearfully, and said he’d never hear the
last of it. But Beckwith wouldn’t let him
off, and finally wrung a promise from him
that he would meet the detective who
had the pair in charge in half an hour
and do the needful.

  Now Beckwith had rather taken
Chance off his feet while he was with him,
but once alone he came down to earth
again and got to thinking the whole thing
over. The thing he thought about^ most
was the boy. Somehow, he couldn’t
BREAD UPON THE WATERS.

431

bring himself to believe that his much-
vaunted ability to pick people had played
him false. He studied the situation from
every angle, and the more he studied, the
more he hated to do what he had to do.

  The upshot of it was that when he
was brought face to face with the boy,
he took one look into the white, driven
face, and then stood up and said he’d
never laid eyes on him before. Then he
turned and made a quick escape. The
detective glared after him, and got into
communication with Beckwith.

  Once in his own room, Chance got on
the telephone and tried to reach Jim. He
was standing with the receiver in his
hand when his 'door softly opened.
Chance turned round and nearly dropped
the receiver. The boy stood there regard-
ing him with a calm, cool smile.

  AIL of a sudden Chance’s rage mounted.

  “ You young crook!” he exploded.

  “ Calm yourself,” the boy admonished
him. “ Don’t spoil the pretty picture I
have painted in my grateful heart. You’re
the only man I ever met who could see
farther than his money. Here’s your
check.”

  The check didn’t calm Chance much;
but after stating his opinion of last night’s
doings with excusable profanity, he sud-
denly took it upon himself to deliver a
moral lecture. He quite fancied himself
in this role, and ended by offering to give
the boy a new deal.

  “ Any string to that?” the boy inquired
with interest.

  “ No—that is, I should expect you to
testify against Minton.”

  The boy grinned and shook his head.

  “ You’ll have to excuse me. Minton
picked me up out of the gutter a few
years back and helped me to make a liv-
ing—such as it is. I’ve decided on the
straight and narrow for myself—you can
put a feather in your cap for that—but I
don’t think I’ll start on my way by giving
Minton the double-cross.”

  Chance protested; but before he got
fully under way, the door flew open and
in rushed Jim Beckwith. He caught
sight of the boy and fell back a step.

  “The prodigal son!” he exclaimed.

  “ Hello, Beckwith!” the boy grinned.

  Chance looked from one to another in
manifest amazement.

  “ Keith Kenlon’s boy,” Jim explained
briefly.

  Chance turned to stare at the boy, and
slowly his glance wavered and drifted
back to Beckwith, while a beaming smile
overspread his countenance.

  “ Take-a-Chance Castle, that’s me,” he
said. “ I’ve earned my name, and I’m
proud of it. Don’t you think something
now of my system, Jim?” he demanded.
“ If you do, you might come across on
that standing twenty-to-one bet. ‘ Bread
upon the waters,’ you know. Be a sport,
Jim. The joke’s on you.”

tr v rr u

LAND O' THE LEAL

BY CHART PITT

 VrOU will know that land when you find it
 By the wealth of its trails untrod—

 By the nameless lure of its unmapped miles,

             And the kiss of its virgin sod.

             Just the camp-fire’s glow on the falling snow,

            And the comradeship of God.
      George Allan England

Author of “ The Fatal Gift,” " The Empire in the Air,” “ Hypnotized,1' etc.

Sequel to “ The Brass Check ”

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.

BILL JENKINS, cigar clerk and adventurer, with a grudge against Malcolm Everett, millionaire,
follows him on board the yacht Victory—by way of the ice chute. Discovered in the hold
by “ Simoon Sam ” Holstrom, the first mate, he is rescued from the lazaret by Sally, a lady
detective with whom he is madly in love. Sally knows Bill under the name of Ed Cole, and her
arrangements for Bill’s escape from the yacht miss fire at first, and succeed only when she drug6
Bill and has him carried ashore and placed in a room in a cheap lodging-house somewhere near Troy,
New York—the yacht being bound for the Erie, and not the Panama Canal as Bill had supposed.
Having quixotically thrown the fifty-dollar bill Sally had kft with him out of the window of the
lodging-house, Bill finally decides that he needs it, and goes down the fire-escape after it, only to
see it snapped up by an unknown hand. As he is dressed in a ludicrously ill-fitting dress-suit, Bill
is ordered by a policeman to come down from the fire-escape? Bill takes to the roof.

CHAPTER XII.

METAMORPHOSIS.

DESPERATE as was his predica-
ment, and heavily as he knew the
circumstances of his prowling
around back windows on a fire-escape in
fantastic garb would weigh against him
in case of arrest, Jenkins did not despair.

  He had no intention whatever of being
arrested. Everything now depended on
making good his escape, he realized, as
he scrambled up the wet and shaking lad-
der, pursued by the infamous minions of
the law.

  With an agility that absolutely con-
vinced all the rapidly-gathering spectators
a dangerous madman was at liberty—for
who but a maniac could have shown

such activity and strength?—Jenkins
clambered swiftly to the very top of the
building, pursued by the cries, jeers,
gibes, and cat-calls of the populace.

  Having reached the eaves, he hastily
observed the prospect before him. Pale,
sweating, and distraught, trembling and
with feet already very sore from the sharp
iron rungs of the ladders, he peered down
at the dizzy vacancy beneath, peopled
by the enemy, then up at the far more
dizzy slant of the roof.

  In front of him now arose a steep
acclivity of slate. Several dormer-win-
dows broke this monotonous gray ex-
panse. To his left, the blank wall of
another building rose about fifteen feet
above the ridge-pole, effectually barring
any escape in that direction. To his

Thi» *tory began in the All-Story Weekly for February 17.

432
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

433

right he saw that the slates ended ab-
ruptly, about thirty feet away.

   Beyond their steep edge several chim-
ney-stacks projected from some other
building, evidently lower. Since Jenkins
couldn’t possibly descend, or stay where
he was—for already a rattling of the fire-
escape told him the sleuths were on his
trail—he made a quick choice of the roof.

   Pausing only to shake his fist at the
thickening crowd below, and to howl
defiantly, “ Go chase yourselves, you
rubes!” he scrambled up over the gutter.

   The slates were appallingly steep and
slippery. Jenkins’s hands and feet slid
most alarmingly, as he crept up toward
the ridge-pole like a human fly. The loss
of his boots, till now considered a calam-
1^, all at once revealed itself as a bless-
ing in disguise; for had our hero been
booted, he must infallibly have slid off
the edge of the roof and catapulted in a
wide, parabolic curve into the alley; that
is—our story would have ended right
here and now.

   “ As a get-away, this is some warm
jumble!” Jenkins grunted, laboring up
the steep acclivity, sliding back about
two feet for every three he climbed, but
making progress, after all. “ I’ll give you
mutts a marathon for your coin, any-
how!”

   With a supreme effort, he dragged him-
self far enough to lay hold on the ridge-
pole, drew himself up, straddled it, and
began rapidly hunching himself along in
the direction of the chimney-stacks.

   The tails of his dress-coat dragged be-
hind him over the slates. A chill wetness
began to permeate his trousers. A splin-
ter that he encountered, pointed the
wrong way, brought an agonized “ ouch! ”
to his pale and trembling lips. But still
he kept a hunching on, on, on, with truly
commendable concentration on the one
object in view—the end of the roof.

   As in a kind of daze, he perceived tall,
smoking factory-chimneys and far-spread-
ing streets that told him he was in some
considerable town, its very name unknown
to him.

  Up from the alley, behind, an increased
vociferation indicated that the crowd of
spectators, to whom his anguish was but
a subject for sport and jest, was moment-
ly increasing. But now, right in front
of him as he reached the termination of
the slates, he perceived a flat tin roof,
only about eight feet below. He paused
not, neither hesitated, but leaped with
boldness, came down on all fours with a
shock that loosened every vertebra and
most of his teeth, got up, and ran.

  Panting, he fled over the tin. Right
in front of him he perceived several small
red structures, covering stairways that
led down from the roof.

  The hunted hare acquires unusual
speed; the deer, pursued, shows intelli-
gence beyond its norm in covering its
spoor. Jenkins followed the laws of na-
ture. Atavism sharpened his wits. In-
stead of dodging into and down the first
of these little housings, which would have
been the natural thing to do, he merely
stopped at it long enough to open the
door and drop his hat inside it.

  Leaving it open, he sped on, haggard,
wan, trembling, and wild of eye. I sup-
pose a more disreputable ruffian never
existed in this world than our friend
William at this instant. Hatless and
shoeless, with a tight, wet dress-suit now
splitting at several seams where his stren-
uous exertions had ripped it, with dishev-
eled hair, a bruised face, and wildly-
glaring eyes—well, it was a good thing
Sally couldn’t see him at that exact
moment!

  Jenkins was on his way, true enough,
but he wasn’t out of the woods yet. The
door of the next housing, when he tried
it, resisted. Locked! So was the third.
Only one more remained, at the far end
of the tin.

  Could he reach it in time?

  A shout, not far below the eaves of
the slate-roofed building, told him he
hadn’t more than a very few seconds of
£,race. And was this last housing un-
locked? If not, that would mean run-
ning back to the first one again.

6	A-S
434

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ S-s-s-suffering tomcats! ” gulped the
unhappy wretch, flinging himself at the
door of the final structure.

  The wind is tempered to the shorn
lamb, according to Don Quixote, and
Jenkins found the last door unlocked.
He beat all world’s records on getting
through doors, with the lightning leap he
gave into that blessed shelter.

  Just as he slid the bolt,' he heard the
impact of heavy boots on the tin roof,
followed by a sound of running feet that
all at once stopped short. In spite of
his exhaustion and pain, Jenkins grinned
to himself. Battleships to beans, the
pursuer had ducked into the blind lead.

  Stopping not to gloat over having
thrown pursuit off the track, even if only
temporarily, Bill crept in his stockinged
feet down a dusty and crooked flight of
stairs. He paused on the first landing,
to give ear, heard no sounds of peril, and
so continued down several more stairways,
cumbered with coal-hods, mops, ash-cans,
garbage-pails, and other objets d’art.

  As he went, his thoughts worked quick-
ly. He perceived that he must not issue
out into the back alley again, but must
try to get into the basement. There, no
doubt, he could hide himself in some
coal-bin or behind some furnace until the
hue-and-cry should have subsided.

  It seemed to be growing quite a
specialty of his, this hiding in holes and
corners. Somehow or other, ever since
he had begun to seek mere justice, he had
been cringing in lairs. It didn’t seem
quite right; but this was no time for
analysis. Jenkins crept down and down,
holding breath in trepidation.

  The barking yelp of a dog, somewhere
within the flats belonging to these back-
stairs, the fretful cry of a child, the
grumble of a man’s voice, even the rattle
of dishes, set his nerves quivering. Sup-
pose one of those back doors should just
chance to open, and some amazed house-
holder catch a glimpse of him?

  “Gee!” thought Bill, soft-footing it
down, ever down, “ this frost makes a
blizzard look like June!”

  He reached a darker stairway—the last.
Surely this communicated with the base-
ment. Joy! His hand trembled on the
knob of a door, at the bottom. The
door opened, and Jenkins walked through
—into a dingy kitchen.

  “ Oi, Gewalt!” he heard a thick voice
exclaim. “ Gott im Himmel! Vot iss
dat?”

  Jenkins’s startled eye swept up the
scene at a glance. He knew he had
blundered into a basement tenement.
Before him stood a table with a half-
eaten meal thereon. At this table sat a
stout, red-faced, thick-necked little man
with protuberant brown eyes and with
a round black cap on his cranium. This
man was now staring at Jenkins with an
expression of the most dumfounded sur-
prise Jenkins had ever beheld—and our
adventurer’s experience with surprised
persons, as you know, had not been
slight.

  “Hello, Unk!” said Bill, forcing a
smile he tried to render casual to his
pale lips. “ Can the astonishments. It’s
all 0. K., both ways from the middle.
Not too early for biz, what?”

  A somewhat extended acquaintance
with individuals of the type now con-
fronting him made Jenkins certain he
was committing no eiror in addressing the
little man as “ uncle.” He closed the
door behind him, smiled again, and ad-
vanced into the kitchen, treading softly
in his wet stockings. There are times
and situations when a smile becomes par-
ticularly ghastly, ■ and this was one of
them.

  “Pusiness!” gasped the stout little
man, paling perceptibly. Not even the
fact that his safe, in the little clothing-
shop at the front of the tenement, was
locked, could quite reconcile him to the
prospect of immediately having his throat
cut by this stocking-footed yegg in a
dripping and unseemly dress-suit. “ Pusi-
ness? Bolice!”

  “Forget that!” Jenkins commanded
sternly, coming close to the table and
laying a hand on it.
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

435

  The little man began to tremble, real-
izing that a steel knife lay there. What
wouldn’t he have given, just now, to have
been anywhere else?

  “ Forget it! Get flush with yourself,
Unk, and pry off a little of the coin that
good luck is trying to hand you. I’ve
got a real joy-maker of a proposition
for you. Are you on?”

  “ Vot? You get mine kitchen ouidt,
or I calls der bolice, yet!”

  “ Shhhh! Here’s a game that ’11 make
you weep for joy!” And Jenkins bent
confidentially over the table, with rapid-
ly returning courage. When we are prop-
erly scared, nothing will reassure us so
effectually as to meet somebody more
scared than we are. “ Here’s something
that will ring the bull’s-eye of quick
profits—a deal that’s got ’em all whipped
to a low whisper. Lamp this suit, Unk!”
And Jenkins held out his arm, so that
the Hebrew might observe the superfine
quality of the cloth, under the faint light
that seeped in from an air-shaft window
close at hand.

  “ Suit?”

  “ Sure! A velvet line of goods, if any
was ever basted. If you had it, you
could breeze into the crib with a wad
j-ou wouldn’t need any strong glasses to
count. Do business?”

  “ Vot you mean?” The old gentleman
was now becoming less alarmed and hos-
tile. A gleam of human interest had be-
gun to shine in his heavy-lidded eyes.
The eloquence of possible dollars and
cents had begun to get its work in.
“Vot iss?”

  “ Listen,” said Jenkins. “ This raiment
is a cluster of 0. K. stuff, and it’s yours
for the asking. Hand me down a street-
suit, some kicks, and a bean-lid, slip
me a few shekels, and cop the joyous
harness. It never cost less than a hun-
dred, Unk, and as a judge of kippy
cloth you know it. Say yes?” ,

  The expression of the little man’s face
assured Bill the proposal was not without
attraction. But all was not yet plain
sailing.

  “ V’ere you get dot?” the Hebrew in-
quired suspiciously. “ Und how comes
it dot you vear it in der morning, yet?”

  “ Oh, that’s all right, Unk,” Jenkins
smiled, though inwardly his heart was per-
forming gymnastics. “ I sat in at a little
poker-game last night, and got skun to
the raw. I’m busted, with a great big*
B. Got to go to Schenectady this morn-
ing, and—”	v

  “Schenectady!” ejaculated the little
man, staring. “ Oi, Himmel! But dis
iss Schenectady, yust now!”

  Jenkins stared at him, with drooping
jaw. Then he rallied.

  “ See here, Unk,” he explained, re-
solved to throw all subterfuge to the
winds and speak the truth, the whole
truth, and nothing but the truth. For
cnce he would try the effect of the plain
facts, with no embroidery. “ Spread your
lugs now, and I’ll dope it out straight.
Last night I was shanghaied ashore here.

I don’t know just where I am, or why.
I’ve only got forty-seven cents. My fifty
bucks were snatched from me by a fat
arm in a dirty red kimono. I climbed
up the fire-escape, blew over the roof,
skated down your back stairs, and here I
am, ready for biz. Are you on?”

  A long minute the little Hebrew con-
sidered Jenkins, with pity. Then, shak-
ing his head, he sadly inquired:

  “ Vot iss der name off der blace you
got ouidt off? Und how long haf you
been ouidt?”

  “ Can that!” retorted Jenkins, flushing
with anger. “ I’m getting sick of being
taken for a nut off the bug-tree! That’s
what they called me at Hamilton Asy-
lum. That’s what the cop said just now.
Forget it! All that matters is this suit,
see?” He struck the table a blow with
his fist, hit a saucer half-full of warm
tea, and got a shower-bath up his arm.

“ Are you ripe for a hit-bang-and-get-
away deal that will reap you a large wad
of kale, or not? If so, stop rag-chewing!
Get me?”

  A certain glint of the little man’s eye
seemed to indicate that, after all—
436

ALL-STORY. WEEKLY.

though it were a pity to take advantage
of a lunatic—business was business. He
nodded decisively.

  “ All right,” said he. “ It makes me
noddings, efter all, if you are messhiggen
01' not. I gif you anodder suit, hat, und
shoes—und zwei tollar.”

  “ Two beans!” shouted Jenkins, aghast.
“ Why, you never flashed your shiners on
a finer finish in all your life! Kick in
with twenty, anyhow! ”

  The little man, now quite recovered
from his alarm, got up, took the lappel
of the coat between his thumb and finger,
examined the cloth, the lining and but-
tons, and nodded again.

  “ T’ree tollar,” said he, with an air of
finality. Jenkins knew this was top
price, and submitted.

  “ All right, go to it,” he accepted.
“ But it’s murder in the first degree. If

I	wasn’t down to iron and grass, you’d
never cop it. Cough the duds and the
three seeds, Gramp, and I’ll blow.”

  The Hebrew shuffled through a door
into what Jenkins could see was a small,
dark shop. After a minute or two he
returned with a couple of second-hand
suits, both of which our hero rejected.
His brain was at work on a bold coup.

  Determined as he was to follow the
Victory, to square accounts with Mal-
colm Everett, and find out the truth
about Sally, he felt now that a more
maritime aspect would be essential. Such
a disguise, too, would help him slip
through the police drag-net. Yes, he
must have a sailor-suit, by all means.

  “ Nothing to it, Unk,” said he, waving
the suits away. “ I side-step ’em both.
Got any mariner’s togs? If so, prance
’em out.”

  “ Vot? Vot you vant?” demanded the
little man, amazed.

  “ Sailor-suit. Ocean. Ships. ‘ A wet
sheet and a flowing sea, and a wind that
follows fast!’ Get me?”

  “ Vot der Teufel you vant mit such
nonsenses?”

  “ Never mind, Unk; nev-er mind!
Sailor-suit for mine!”

   Shaking his head, but still obeying, the
little man departed again, and presently
returned with an outfit that exceedingly
rejoiced Jenkins’s heart. Though it be-
trayed some signs of hard usage, yet un-
deniably it was the correct thing. With
joy our adventurer beheld the V-necked
blouse, the wide-bottomed trousers, and
the round cap with a ribbon bearing the
words in gold letters: South Dakota.

  “ Atta boy!” he exclaimed in delight.
“ Me for those, and you cop the prize-
package!”

  “ All right, mein friend. Change dem.”
Jenkins changed. The sailor-suit might
have been made for him, so neatly it
fitted. And becoming? Say! Now that
the infernal dress-suit lay on a chair, Jen-
kins breathed deep with relief. Admir-
ingly he looked himself over, set the
round cap on his head, put his hands
on his hips, and grinned.

  “ Aye, aye, sir!” exclaimed he. “ Sou’
by sou’west, clew up the jiggers, spank
the ratline-tops’ls, split the ship’s log,
and carry the kindling into the galley.
Avast, you lubber! Belay, there—and
say, Unk, I haven’t had a bite for Lord
knows how long. Thanks, I will, since
you insist.”

  He pulled a chair up to the table,
poured a cup of tea, helped himself to
rye-bread, sausage, schmierkase, and
onions, and made a good meal, while the
little man surveyed him with eyes that
showed signs of alarm, once more.

   “ It iss a pity,” Jenkins heard him mur-
mur regretfully. “A pity, mit him so
young!”

  “ Never mind, Unk,” mumbled Jenkins
indistinctly, around a huge mouthful of
bread and cheese. “ I’m over seven.
Come on, now, slide us the kicks and the
three bones.”

  The little man in silence produced a
pair of decent shoes and three dollars in
silver. Jenkins slid this wealth into the
right-hand pocket of his new trousers—
the pocket seemed very oddly located,
thought he—and transferred his old
stand-by of forty-seven cents, his pencil,
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

437

keys, and small trifles to the other
pocket.

  “ I’m getting the hot end of the poker,
this deal, Unk,” said he, surveying the
dress-suit again. “ Come on, now, come
on! Give me—”

  “ I haf only two more tings to gif you,
mein friend,” the other replied, raising
his hand expressively.

  “ What are those?” asked Bill, with
sudden expectations.

  “ Mein blessing, und hope for your
speedy recovery.”

  “ Good night! I’m on my way. Slide
me out through the shop, Unk. And re-
member, Unk, re-e-e-member, you never
knew me, heard of me, or saw me. Get
me?”

  “ Goot-by,” said the Hebrew, non-
committally, as he piloted him through
the dingy little shop, to the front door.

  This Jenkins opened, with all the bold-
ness of a heart that feels itself guiltless.
He cocked his round cap jauntily on one
side, hitched up his trousers round a
stomach that felt pleasantly the comfort
of the hearty meal, climbed the area-
steps to the street, and so departed from
the premises of Morris Rosenkatz, as the
sign on the window informed him.

  “ Ta-ta, Morris,” said he, as he swung
down the wet and sloppy sidewalk.
“ Some of these days I’ll be on top, and
when I am I won’t forget you. Aw
revaw!”

  The chase of the Victory was begun.

CHAPTER X¥R.

A CLOSE SHAVE OR TWO.

WITH the assumption of bravery
that his situation necessitated,
yet with inward qualms produced
by the appalling publicity of the street,
our adventurer navigated past a row of
mean shops and dwellings, took the first
turn at random, and kept straight be-
fore him.

  The sailor togs, he now discovered,
after all, caused him considerable un-

easiness. What could be more conspicu-
ous ? Jenkins fancied everybody was
staring at him, and longed for wings like
a dove, that he might fly away and be
at peace.

  In this cross-street, numbers of people
were standing around, with here and there
a cop or two. Some were laughing, others
talking; most of them were keeping a
weather eye on the eaves of a dingy,
six-story building which Jenkins realized,
with a pang of alarm, must be the front
of the same one from the back of which
he had escaped. At the end of the block
he also caught sight of a Black Maria.
Shivering slightly, he hastened on.

  “ Gee! ” he reflected, turning a trifle
blue around the gills, “ if my dope turns
out to be wormy this time, I’m cooked!”

  He could not, simply could not, bring
himself to tread the sidewalk in front of
that building. At the door or at some
window might there not be lurking some
individual who had seen him the night
before, when he had been brought there
drugged and unconscious? Might he not
on the instant be identified, arrested,
haled away to durance vile? Would not
the fact of his having taken a disguise
surely incriminate him?

  Jenkins knew that “ yes ” was the an-
swer to all these questions. And who
was there to testify for him, to save
him? Nobody. His heart quaked within
him as he shied off, crossed the street
with as good an imitation of a rolling
Jack-tar gait as he could assume, and
came abreast of the house of dread. All
at once he perceived a rotund officer who
—so it seemed to him—was barring his
way. Stabbed with panic, Jenkins never-
theless held game. He pulled a facetious
smile, jerked a thumb toward the roof,
and said:

  “ Well, matey, if you’d had a guy like
me to shin up the spinnaker and nail him,
you’d of mitted him by now!”

  A look of large surprise widened the
officer’s optics. For a second Jenkins
thought his remark was going to be taken
as an offer, and with alarm foresaw him-
488

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

self compelled to swarm up shaky lad-
ders and creep over that horrible, slip-
pery roof of slate—this time with boots
on—in pursuit of himself. But the offi-
cer only raised a repelling hand and waved
him away.

  “ Move on, you rummy!” he growled.
“ By the map on ye, an’ the gab o’ ye,
you’ve been scrappin’, an’ y’re half-soused
now. If you know what’s healthy, you’ll
go an’ keep goin’, see? Don’t lemme see
ye on this beat again, or I’ll pull ye.
Move on!”

  Gulping with terror and relief at one
and the same time, Jenkins hastily de-
parted from a neighborhood which prom-
ised to be so extremely unpleasant. Half
a minute later, still a free man, he had
swung round the comer into a wider and
more reputable thoroughfare, and felt
that safety was in sight.

  They hadn’t got him nailed down yet,
he reflected. The all-in signal was a long
way from being rung on him. Still he
turned a few more comers, to shake off
all danger. And it was only after some
ten minutes’ brisk walking that he felt
secure enough to halt his stride, go into
a cigar-stand, and buy a couple of ten-
cent smokes.

  Beatified by the taste of good tobacco,
after long abstinence, he once more set
out. With a mind now almost wholly
free from alarm, he took stock of the
situation as he trudged along in the chill
drizzle through unknown streets, with a
trail of cigar-smoke blowing in the Sep-
tember breeze. The way, he now felt,
was clear for some decisive action.
Though his total cash was but three dol-
lars and twenty-seven cents, he had eaten
heartily and he possessed clothing which
would fit the part he meant to play to
aT.

  The canal, he knew, would be easily
found. By following it, he would be cer-
tain to locate the yacht. After that, he
counted fully on being able to handle any
situation that might arise. Pursuing his
way with high hopes in his soul and a
good cigar in his mouth, he felt that life

was, after all, very good, and that the
prizes which nature awards to the strong
now lay almost within his grasp.

  But where was the canal?

  Jenkins didn’t dare ask anybody, lest
he awaken suspicion. And no matter how
many streets he walked along, or how
many crossways he peered down, he
caught no sight of shipping. After half
an hour of this fruitless search, a barber’s
pole reminded him he hadn’t had a shave
since having left New York. His sandy
stubble bristled like—well, like bristles.
Sally must positively not see him thus.
Whether true to him or false, Jenkins
knew he couldn’t face her in any such
condition.

  “ Me 'for the mowing,” said he, and
entered the tonsorial establishment.

  It proved to be very small, a mere
wedge-shaped little place with only two
chairs, and having a door that opened
on some other street at the rear.

  With a free-and-easy wave of the hand,
such as befitted his new character of jolly
tar, he greeted the only barber in sight:

  “ Lay alongside, cap’n, and reef my
kelp, P.D.Q.! ”

  The barber, a thin, nervous man, peered
at him over a pair of silver-bowed spec-
tacles. Just a bit surprised, he pointed
toward one of the chairs. Jenkins hung
his jaunty little cap on a hook, sat down,
and relaxed.

  Ah! This was comfort, this was lux-
ury! Our adventurer congratulated him-
self on his escape, and gloated over the
inevitable justice he intended to exact,
despite all those who were conspiring
against him.

  Pondering on their terror and humilia-
tion soon to come, he observed the various
shaving-mugs, bottles, and so on, the
posters and calendars that, for the most
part, displayed abundant feminine charms,
and finally began to study out two or
three printed notices that he could see
reflected in the mirror. The letters came
backward, but Jenkins found he could
read them with a little effort, and the
task diverted him.
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

489

  Just as he was well lathered, and the
razor had swept a clean place near his
right ear, the door opened. To his
amazement and alarm, a sailor entered
the shop. Imagine his disturbed state
of mind, if you can, at seeing another
nautical rig very like his own on the per-
son of a bona-fide marine. Jenkins’s
heart turned sick. He shut his eyes and
groaned slightly.

  “ Pull, sir?” inquired the barber, with
anxiety.

  “ No, no, it’s nothing,” answered Jen-
kins weakly. “ Only get a move on, pro-
fessor. I’ve got to catch a boat.”

 « A_„

  “ Go on, reap the crop, and can all
chatter,” said Jenkins; “ and the quicker
you do it, the bigger tip I’ll slide you.
See?”

  Nodding, the barber began again with
renewed energy. Jenkins’s hopes rose a
very little. Maybe the shave would only
take a couple of minutes now, and he
might get away before any complications
should ensue. But such was not written
on the book of fate. Since the illustrious
Don Quixote himself had once become
entangled in misadventures at a barber’s
shop, how could simple Bill Jenkins hope
to escape them?

  Jenkins lay quiet as a mouse, praying
his stars that the sailor might pay no
heed to him. This, alas, was not to be.
For hardly had the newcomer’& eye fallen
on Jenkins, when he advanced to the chair
with a cheerful smile, shifted a quid in
his cheek, and remarked:

  “Hello, kid!”

  “Hello, yourself!” stalled Jenkins.
“ What’s doing?”

  “ Heluva lot. We ain’t got him yet,
but he’s a gone coon, sure as shootin’.
Where’s Leary?”

  “ Search me!”

  “ Huh?” grunted the sailor in a tone
fehat only too clearly told Jenkins he had
blundered.

  “On board, I mean” Jenkins hastily
corrected himself. “Why?” .

  The sailor stared at him a moment

  with widening eyes, then spat profusely
and demanded:

 “ On—what?”

  “ On board, of course,” Jenkins stoutly
maintained, while the barber lathered his
neck.

  The other’s silence, as he eyed the un-
fortunate in the chair, shot a chill to
Jenkins’s marrow. Suddenly, with a sus-
picion by no means to be mistaken, the
sailor shot out another question:

  ' “ What, ship are you on, anyhow?”

  A pang of wo transfixed Jenkins, as
he realized in the stress of the moment
he had totally forgotten the words printed
on the ribbon round his cap. Desperately
he tried to catch sight of it, in the mir-
ror, but quite in vain. And to have sat
up, looked directly at it and then an-
swered would have been entirely too raw.
Daring not refuse to speak, and certain
only that the name was the “ South Some-
thing,” Jenkins grabbed desperately at a
straw and said:

  “ South Carolina, of course.”

  “ South—”

  The sailor’s tone was incomprehensibly
startled. Then, suddenly, his mouth
closed with a snap. Saying no more he
retreated, sat down in one of the chairs
behind Jenkins, and with an expression
of hostility and suspicion—as Jenkins
could just make out in the mirror by
painfully straining his eyes — began
watching him.

  It was nothing less than panic that now
laid hold on the soul of our hero. Ar-
dently he longed for escape. What mat-
tered it though his stubble was but half
removed? What mattered anything, if he
were now falling into some unknown and
terrifying entanglement once more?

  “ Holy poker!” thought he in anguish.
“ As a trouble-maker this suit seems to
•

have stacked me into the real stew!”
Bitterly he cursed the evil inspiration
which had brought him to this pass.

  Directly above the head of the sailor,
as he sat there studying Jenkins, the un-
fortunate young man’s eye fell on a poster
bearing the portrait of a fellow in nau-
440

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  tical rig. And though he could make out
nothing of the fine print underneath, one
word stood out distinctly, backward, in
the glass:

  Then understanding dawned on Jen-
kins. A sickening fear pervaded his
being. Sweating and trembling, he lay
there supine under the hands of the ton-
sorial artist, panting for some chance to
escape.

  His anguish became unspeakable when,
standing up with suspicious suddenness,
the sailor removed Jenkins’s cap from its
hook, glanced at the lettering there, and
hung it up again. Then, stopping for
nothing, he abruptly left the shop, as if
with some important business calling him.

  Jenkins’s cosmic distress gendered a
flash of inspiration.

  “ Don’t let him go! ” he cried, strug-
gling up.

  “ What?” demanded the barber,
amazed.

  “ That’s the deserter, you boob! ”
ejaculated our adventurer, sitting half
shaved in the chair and pointing toward
the doorway. “ Help me land him—I’m
a marine detective—and I’ll go fifty-fifty
with you on the reward! I just now
tumbled. Get busy!”

  Swept clean off his feet by this lure,
the barber ran to the door, razor still in
hand. Jenkins jumped out of the chair,
as though to follow him. Then, seeing
him already on the sidewalk, peering
down the street, he tiptoed to the rear
exit.

  On the way he snatched his cap from
the hook. A second later, with one-half
his face shaven clean and the other cov-
ered with lather and bristles, and with a
towel round his neck, the figure of a
fleeing seaman might have been observed
making tracks down an alley. Might
have, had any been there to see; but no-
body was.

  “Gee!” panted Jenkins, ducking into
a doorway. He snatched off the towel,

wiped his face clean, stuffed the towel
into his blouse, and once more resumed
his hegira.

  No longer, now, he sought the canal.
Nothing could be more dangerous for a
deserter from the United States navy
than to hang around the water-front. In-
stinct told him to get as far away from
water as possible, to strike for the coun-
try and seek safety in the rural regions.

If he walked far enough, and kept on
walking, he knew he certainly must reach
places where nobody would ever think of
looking for a sailor. Therefore he walked.

  For about an hour and a half he kept
his course, unmolested, though in a con-
tinual sweat of terror. Every policeman,
every pedestrian, that regarded him filled
him with apprehension. He suffered a
thousand pangs, thinking each moment to
feel the hand of the law on his shoulder
and find himself face to face with arrest.

  Of course, he could soon prove his in-
nocence on the desertion charge; but
what of all the other charges? Inevitably
one or another would land him. And any
interference with his plans would just
now be fatal. So he kept on and on,
under the fine, incessant drizzle, his feet ..
wet, his spirits low, and hope fast ebbing
in his heart.

  The hilarious scramble that was due to
begin for Sally and the coin, he cogi-
tated, seemed to have struck a severe
frost. Cross-fires of anxiety bombarded
him.

  Men do not usually walk at large with
only one side of the face shaven, and to
enter another shop and ask to have the
job completed was a thing he dared not
do. It would lead to observation, ques-
tionings, and difficulties. Hence, conceal-
ing his face as best he could in his hand,
which he held to his jaw as if suffering
the pangs of toothache, he proceeded.

  After what seemed an endless tramp,
the suburbs thinned out. They gave
place to open fields and woods. With
infinite relief, though troubled at the in-
congruity of his marine costume in this
bucolic setting, and now beginning to
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

441

feel again the pangs of hunger, Jenkins
kept his best foot forward along a muddy
country road.

  Solitude was grateful to his bruised
and battered spirit. He no longer had to
keep his hand on his jaw, except when he
met an occasional farmer. The attention,
he seemed to attract from all such greatly
embarrassed him, but he could not
avoid it.

  Passing a country school, where recess
had liberated a swarm of children, he had
to submit to being tagged by numerous
urchins, till the ringing of the school-bell
haled *hem away from the entrancing
spectacle he offered. Jenkins still said
nothing, but—his only plan now being to
put as much distance between himself and
Schenectady as possible—plodded on, and
on, and on.

  Toward midday he spied a sight that
gladdened his heart. Over a stone wall
a farmhouse was visible, with a long ell
running out to a barn. In a window of
the ell stood a shaving-mug. Peering over
the wall, Jenkins made perfectly sure of
this fact. He could even see the handle
of a brush projecting from that mug. A
plan took form in his mind. Why not?

  “ If there’s only a razor there, too,’'
thought he, “ I’ll put the ripsaw to this
foliage mighty sudden!”

  Once rid of his extraordinary facial
adornment, he felt his task would be
largely simplified. He waited, therefore,
spying out the land. No sign of danger
threatened. From the chimney of the
house not even a thread of smoke was
drifting on the wet air. Jenkins figured
the family must be away.

  Encouraged by this conclusion, and
sure nobody was visible along the road,
he escaladed the wall, approached the
window cautiously, and peered in. Bliss!
A razor lay on the sill. Half a minute
later Jenkins had possessed himself of the
razor and the mug, and was executing a
strategic retreat to some place where he
could remove the offending half-portion of
spinach.

  The open door of a detached shed

beckoned him invitingly. Thither Jen-
kins hastened, stopping only long enough
at a pump to fill the mug. Under coVer,
he hastily withdrew the towel from his
blouse, lathered himself again, and set to
work by the sense of feeling alone.

  There was feeling enough, all right, to
have guided a dozen men.

  “ Suffering tripe! What is this, any-
how? A harrow?”

  Some of the bristles came away, whit-
tled through; others yielded up their
roots and died game to the last. Jenkins
thought of the time he had hoed up po-
tatoes on Purington’s farm. This re-
minded him of it. Blood began to flow,
too.

  “Maybe it’s only a piece of the smiling-
muscle I’ve cut out, though,” he consoled
himself. “ I won’t ever need that again,
anyhow!”

 Bow-wow-www/

  “ Damn!” said Jenkins, giving a final
rake and carrying away a whole planta-
tion of whiskers. The barking of a dog
just now, and so very near at hand, au-
gured ill.

  Jenkins peered through a crack, ob-
served a loose-hung hound at the back
door of the house, and felt the shivers
chase themselves up his spine. The
hound’s hair was velveted all along its
back in a most businesslike manner, and
its vociferations might have waked the
dead.

  That the canine uproar had waked the
living, anyhow, now suddenly became ap-
parent. The house door opened, and Jen-
kins beheld a long, lean, gangling agricul-
tural person in shirt-sleeves, peering in
tently toward the shed.

  “Skitch ’em, Prince!” remarked the
farmer. “ What now? Skunk, or chicken-
thief? I’ll dum soon find out. Take ’em,
Prince—skitch ’em!”

  Prince proceeded toward the shed,
walking on his toes and emitting contin-
uous sounds of hostility. The plow-pusher
retired into the house with purposeful
haste.

  “ Help!” groaned Jenkins, his eye still
442

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

at the crack as he perceived the farmer
reappear with a shotgun in his corded
fist. The farmer, still adjuring Prince to
commence skitching, also advanced shed-
ward.

  With wild eyes our adventurer agon-
izingly looked about him for a means of
exit. The door whereby he had entered
was impossible. Ah! There was another!
Yes, behind him, at the rear of the shed,
it offered hopes of safety. Clutching the
mug as a possible weapon in case of
hand-to-hand war, and with the towel
still round his neck, Jenkins ran to that
door. His face was white almost as the
lather that still decked it here and there
as he cast the door open and leaped
through.

   A tremendous cackling, squawking, and
flapping greeted him. Hens flew, wildly
battering themselves against whitewashed
walls and winging their way overhead as
Jenkins' burst through their quiet domes-
ticity like an elephant through an after-
noon tea-party.

  Slam! went another door. Now Jen-
kins was in the open, running through a
hen-yard. The wire netting delayed him
but an instant. He charged through it
like a regiment of French poilus through
wire entanglements, and fled across a
turnip-field toward an orchard.

   Behind, a cry of startled wonder accel-
erated his progress. Almost any farmer
would be apt to feel surprise at seeing a
sailor burst out of his hen-house, with a
towel round his neck and a shaving-mug
in his hand. Prince, snarling wildly, gave
chase. So did the farmer. A very pretty
little athletic event in the hundred-yard-
dash line was pulled off right there,
’neath the shade of the old apple-tree.

  But now Prince was imminently at
hand. Jenkins saw slavering jaws and
white fangs. Wheeling, he flung the mug.
Luck sent it crashing into Prince’s eye.
Snarls gave place to howls of anguish,
and Prince, with more than a bellyful of
fight, hit the high place for home with his
tail so far between his legs that it stuck
.out in front and almost tripped him.

  Jenkins turned again and fled, weapon-
less.

  Bang!

  “ Ow!”

  Rock-salt in sufficiently large lumps is
highly painful, even though not danger-
ous, when fired from a rusty shotgun at
one hundred paces. Jenkins’s speed in-
creased. Whether the gun was double-
barreled, and whether the ruralite was
still pursuing, he stayed not to inquire.
As Prince hiked one way, he hiked the
other, doing a regular Barney Oldfield
toward the stone wall at the foot of the
orchard.

  I don’t know, or care, who holds the
world’s record for hurdling; for whoever
it is, or whatever that record is, Jenkins
beat it by a clean two feet as he went
over the wall.

  He landed in blackberry-bushes, scram-
bled through, reached a road, and de-
parted with celerity. For half a mile he
ran—or was it a mile? Then all at once
he stopped.

  Before him lay a bridge, and under
that bridge passed a stream of water
which, in spite of all his agitation, he
recognized as nothing more or less than
the Erie Canal.

CHAPTER XIV.

AN UNEXPECTED MEETING.

THE sight of this placid and un-
troubled waterway stretching off on
either hand between fertile fields
and sparsely wooded knolls brought Jen-
kins to himself. Panting, he regarded the
canal as though it had been the greatest
curiosity in the world. Sudden readjust-
ments took place in his mind.

  The immediate past, with all its pains
and dangers, now dropped away. In its
place the larger issue rose again. The
Victory, Malcolm Everett, the reward,
and Sally swung into the current of his
mind. In fine, Jenkins had all at once
found himself once more.

  “ Gee!” he exclaimed, drawing a deep
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

443

breath as he leaned against the bridge
railing and peered down at the canal.
“ As a shave, that was some craw-craw
shave. But forget it, kid. I’m back on
the job now with both feet, and that
goes!”

  Enheartened by this decision, and tak-
ing as a good omen the fact that his wild
flight had brought him directly back to
the canal itself, Jenkins wasted no time
in deliberation, but — having first deter-
mined that the rock-salt had not injured
him —set out in pursuit of the elusive
yacht. He clambered down the embank-
ment at the end of the bridge, reached
the tow-path, and for a moment stood,
undecided which way to go.

  The sight of water suggested that he
wash his face, still smeared with lather.
This he did by letting down his towel,
wetting the end, and swabbing himself
vigorously. He wrung out the towel,
rolled it up and stuffed it back inside his
blouse as likely to be useful, passed a
satisfied hand over his now sketchily
shaven chin, and at a brisk pace depart-
ed on his still-hunt for gold and his lady-
love.

  What seemed to him a kind of instinct
impelled him to take a direction toward
the left of his line of flight along the road.
Far ahead, he perceived something that
looked like a cloud of smoke hanging high
in the heavens. This, he figured, marked
the position of Schenectady; and as the
Victory had now passed beyond that city
toward Buffalo, of course he must go in
that general direction.

  Too wise, he, to venture . passing
through the city itself, however. No;
when he should get back to the suburbs,
he would make a wide detour and strike
the canal again on the other side of the
dangerous place. Jenkins had it all fig-
ured out very neatly, as you see.

  As he walked along the path, hard-
beaten by uncounted thousands of mules,
his spirits began to rise once more. No
danger threatened. No one was pur-
suing him. Far away behind, down the
straight reach of the canal, a boat was

lazily moving in the opposite direction.
In fields to right and left an occasional
farmer was at work. A ragged boy,
perched on the heel-path across the canal,
fished intently.

  Bill waved his hand at the urchin, who
stared at him with mute amaze, and
passed on, whistling. The novelty and
beauty of the scene conspired with his
growing hopes to raise his spirits high.
He thought that, despite the lowering
weather, he never had beheld a more
peaceful, pleasing landscape. Here a
flotilla of ducks paddling along the water-
way, there a kingfisher darting over the
surface, farther on a long - legged crane
that flapped away into a patch of woods,
all entertained him greatly. “ Fine busi-
ness!” thought Jenkins. As a blues-
annihilator, this pursuit of justice along
the picturesque canal seemed to him a
roll of all-wool, unshrinkable goods.

  After about an hour’s walk, however, a
keen and ever - growing pang of hunger
began to make itself insistently felt. Also,
blisters began to form on both heels,
caused by the Ill-fitting boots Morris
Rosenkatz had given him.

  Jenkins’s pace slackened a little as it
became something of a limp. His whistle
ceased. Farmhouses, barns, and hay-
stacks along the way now looked distinct-
ly less interesting; Jenkins would have
traded them all for his own shoes, a place
to sit down, and a plate of “ ham-and.”

  So it was that, rounding a long bend
that skirted a hill, our adventurer beheld
with almost rapture a little shanty perched
beside the tow-path, a shanty with a man
sitting before it on a bench, while from a
stove-pipe at the rear drifted promising
smoke.

  Bench and smoke meant rest and eats.
Jenkins still had three dollars and thirty-
seven cents, and he knew that money
talked, even though all it had ever said
to him had been “ good-by.” He hastened
his gait, in spite of^blisters and weari-
ness, for now relief was close, at hand.
His mouth watered at thought of meat,
potatoes, pie, and coffee. The chow, he
444

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

told himself, would look pretty minus
three minutes after he connected.

  As he approached the shanty he be-
came aware of a large beam projecting
from the canal toward it, and also saw a
white, mushroomlike object beyond. This
object presently revealed itself as an un-
usually big cotton umbrella, with its han-
dle stuck into the ground, on the other
side of the building.

  A nearer view disclosed a man seated
beneath the umbrella, with an easel in
front of him. Jenkins recognized that a
painter was at work, delineating a view
of the canal, and was well pleased. He
approved of art, but had never seen any
created. This opportunity was welcome.

  On and on he limped, came close, and,
stopping, touched his cap.

  “ How do?” said he to the old man on
the bench. “ Can I get any feed here?”

  “ Feed?” queried the lock-keeper—for
such was his entitlement—as he removed
a short T. D. With considerable curios-
ity his littie black eyes, set in a million
wrinkles, observed the strange marine
figure before him. A sailor on the canal
was certainly a novelty. The painter,
meanwhile, poised his brush in air, won-
dering whether there was any possible
way to work a mariner into a view of an
Erie Canal lock.

  “ Feed, sure,” repeated Jenkins, ad-
vancing.

  The old man shook his head. x

  “ We don’t never feed -here,” said he
decisively.

  “ What?”

  “ Never do,” he affirmed, putting his
pipe back and clamping his jaw on it.
“ Four mile up, though, you can git all
the hay you want.”

  “ Hay?”

  “ Sartin. Why not? What d’you feed
your mules on, anyhow? Oysters?”

  “Mules!” snorted Jenkins, reddening
at sound of a chuckle from behind the
canvas on the eaS^ “ What’s the idea,
mules? I mean, chow for myself. Eats!
I’ll come across with the coin, all right,
too. Get me?”

  “Oh,” answered the ancient one sol-
emnly,' “ why didn’t ye say so at fust?
I don’t run no caffy, young man; but fer
a consideration I might perduce some-
thin’. How much you willin’ to pay?”
Astonished, Jenkins stared at him.
Then he answered:

  “ A quarter?”

  “ Nup. Fifty’s my lowest.”

  “ Gee,, you’re one hospitable guy,
aren’t you?” commented Jenkins. “ But
no matter. Fifty goes.” What, after
all, was a little loose change, when a
large fortune lay right ahead? “ Chase
up some lunch, and I’ll go you. The
quicker the sooner.”

  The lock-keeper eyed him with sus-
picion. What speech was this from a
U. S. navy tar? Nevertheless he arose
stiffly, for age and rheumatism had sadly
lamed him, and he hobbled into the
shack. Jenkins followed unbidden.

  A curiously disordered place it was,
with horse-collars and bits of harness,
ropes, and iron-mongery in corners, a
spavined table and a chair or two for its
entire equipment.

  With a sigh of relief, Jenkins sank into
the most likely-looking chair, took off
his torturing boots and relapsed into
inertia. Now for the first time, as he sat
there watching the old man pottering
about in a broken-backed way at a
rough-board little pantry, he realized how
very much played-out he was. Yes, in
the near future he meant to have the
gold and the girl; but what a price fie
was paying—what a price!

  The old man set dishes on the table,
turned, and demanded:

  “ Give us the half.”

  “Huh? Oh — all right. Not taking
any Jong shots, are you?” And he pro-
duced two quarters, which the lock-keep-
er pocketed with—

  “ Nup. I ain’t been on this here canal
fifty-three years fer nothin’. Go on,
now, eat. There ’tis.”

  Jenkins drew up to the festive board,
and with some dismay observed rye
bread, onions, cheese and cold tea. The
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

445

me?.t, potato, pie, and coffee he had
mentally reveled in now faded into

vacancy.

  “Suffering Moses!” he ejaculated.
“ Just the same as breakfast. Is that
all there is in this neck o’ the woods?”

  “ Dunno. It’s all I got, anyhow.
Take it er leave it. But no money re-
funded,” replied the keeper. Groaning,
Jenkins attacked the meal. The old man,
meanwhile, sat down across the table
from him and kept those keen, glittering
little eyes on him every moment, in a
most disconcerting manner. Obviously,
the ancient one had no intention of
losing any cutlery.

  Famine stimulated Jenkins, and he
managed to get away with everything
but the last onion. With a suspicious
air the keeper said:

  “ Jedgin’ by your appetite, young
feller, you’d ha’ done better not to run
away at all. It’s a hungry job, runnin’
away is, fer them that’s used to Uncle
Sam’s feed.”

  “ What do you think I am, anyhow?”
demanded Jenkins angrily. “ A de-
serter?” As well now, as later, to meet
the charge and repel it.

  “ It’s none o’ my business what ye be.
But—”

  “ See here,” said Bill, determined that
for the sake of safety he must allay all
such suspicions. “ I’m no more a de-
serter than you are. I’m on shore-leave,
get me? Furlough. I’ve been at sea so
much I thought I’d take a flash at this
kind of navigation, for a change. My
home’s in Buffalo, and I’m hiking part
of the way, that’s all. Get me?”

  The old one pondered all this a mo-
ment, with deliberation. Then, blowing
a cloud of smoke, he questioned:

  “ Where did you say you was goin’?”
  “ Buffalo, of course.”

  “ Do they know you’re runnin’ at
large?”

  “ Who?” demanded Jenkins angrily.

  “ Your keepers. You look human, an’
you can talk, but when it comes to travel
you ain’t there. You ain’t headed fer no

Buffalo, young feller. The way you’re
goin’, I cal’late you’ll jest about make
Eastport, Maine. Now—”

  A long-drawn hail, down the Canal, in-
terrupted his discourse. Open-mouthed
and sore astonished to learn abruptly that
every step so painfully trodden along the
canal had in reality been carrying him
farther and farther from his goal, the un-
happy Jenkins stared in silence at the old
man. Then, as the latter got up from
his chair and hobbled doorward, he ex-
claimed:

 “ Hey, wait a minute! Tell me—”

  “ Can’t wait. There’s a boat cornin’
to be locked up.”

  Jenkins, too, arose. Still half-dazed
he observed the aged one fumbling in his
pockets. Jenkins’s instinct to be helpful
reasserted itself. Maybe he could assist.

  “ What are you trying to find?” asked
he. “ The key?”

  “ Key?” demanded the old man, turn-
ing. “ What key?”

  “ Why, to lock the boat up with, of
course. You said—”

  A peculiar sound, vaguely resembling
laughter, issued from the wrinkled throat.
Then words became distinguishable.

 “ Shhh! Shhh, sonny. Don’t let ’em
hear ye, whatever ye do. It’s a livin’
death, they say.”

  “ What is?”

  “ Insane asylum. Come ’long out here,
now, an’ l’am somethin’.”

  Amazed and understanding nothing of
all this, Jenkins obeyed. Out of the
shack he followed the old man, who now
approached the big beam that overhung
the tow-path.

  Some distance down the canal, a team
of mules, hitched tandem, was plodding
round the curve. On the foremost mule
sat a youth. Far behind, at the end of
a stout hawser, followed a ponderous,
blunt-nosed craft blessed with the
euphonious cognomen of Lottie Peck.

  At these objects Jenkins stared with
an interest that for the moment quite
obliterated his resentment against the old
man’s unwarranted gibes.
446

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

    The mules came close. Off jumped the
 youth. With a profanely qualified com-
 mand he halted his animals. The tow-
 rope sagged and dropped into the water.
 At the bows of the boat, a man in shirt-
 sleeves released it. The boat moved ma-
 jestially forward, deftly guided by a very
 ruddy individual at the long tiller.

   In between the granite walls that
 Jenkins now saw faced the canal at this
 point it ran, toward a massive double
 gate of planks through which streams of
 water were dribbling. For the first time
 our adventurer noted that the water-level
 back of that gate was higher than in
 front of it. Just what was about to
 happen he knew not,, but it was all very
 interesting. Gaping a little, he stood
 there near a solid iron post set into the
 masonry coping, as the boat slid on and
 on.

   “ Oh, I see,” thought Jenkins.
 “ That gate is the bumper. The boat
 butts into it and stops, and then—then
 they boost it up, some way—maybe with
 jacks. And then—”

    A rope came sprangling ashore, hurled
 by the shirt-sleeved man at the bows.

    “ Hey, Jack!” he shouted at Jenkins.
“ Give us a hand! The old man’s rheu-
" matic. Bend that painter round the post
an’ slack her down!”

   “ Huh?” exclaimed Jenkins, dodging
 the rope. “ What say?”

   “ That painter, dum it! Bend that
 painter round the post, an’ get a move
 on!”

   “Oh!” And Jenkins, turning, started
 a little uncertainly toward the easel. He
 took a few steps. What was it all about,
 he wondered? Why should anybody ask
 him to lay violent hands on a perfectly
 inoffensive painter, and bend him round
 a post? No telling. Still, the command
 had been absolutely explicit, in the
 plainest possible English. Moreover, it
 was now being violently repeated, with
 a hurricane of profanity.	t

    “ Where you goin’, you three-starred
 son of a qualified canine?” howled the
 man in the*bows. The old lock-keeper,

turning, began to hobble with the unusual
celerity toward the rope on the ground.
The youth came running, too.

  “ What’s nibbling all you nuts, any-
how?” shouted Jenkins, in sudden pas-
sion, as he wheeled toward the boat once
more. “ You tell me to do something,
and then when I get busy, you raise a
roar.” He flung his arm toward the man
at the easel. “ You told me to bend that
painter—”

  A composite burst of hilarity from
artist, lock-keeper, youth, helmsman and
bow-tender shattered the speech from
his lips, as the youth snatched up the
rope, took a hitch round the iron post
and eased the ponderous boat to a halt.
None too soon, for her stem lay not two
feet from the gate.

  “ Sonny,” remarked the aged one, com-
ing close and peering up at Jenkins with
pitying eyes. “ I’m goin’ to give ye a
bit of advice. Will ye take it, from a
man old enough to be y’r gran’sir’?”

  “ Advice?” repeated Jenkins, his face
aflame, while both men on the boat, the
youth and the artist looked their eyes
full and listened in a painful silence.
“ What d’you mean, advice?”

  “ Go back, my son. Go straight back.”
  “ Back—where?”

  “ Where you broke out of. Or home,
if you got one. ’Tain’t safe, ’tain’t right,
ner wise, ner even Christian, fer you to
be left wanderin’ round, this way. Buf-
falo, you said? This here boat will take
ye thar, jest as nice an’ quiet an’ e-e-easy
as can be. Nothin’ to worrit ye, nothin’
to bother. You’ll be fed an’ looked after,
an’ taken all the way back. If you ain’t
got no money, I’ll do at least one humane
act afore I die, an’ contribute a dollar
towards—”

  “Can that!” interrupted Jenkins,
burning with shame. “ What d’you think
I am, anyhow? A pauper? I’ve got
$2.77, and—”

  The lock-keeper turned toward the
steersman.

  “ Hey, Jake! He’s got $2.77,” said
he. “ Take him to Buffalo fer that?” ,
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

447

  “ Huh?” queried the ruddy man, with
an expression of surprise.

  “ He’s harmless,” continued the aged
one. “ Do one good act fer to wipe off
some o’ your many sins, Jake. I’ve
knowed men to git shot, along the canal,
fer not understandin’—men not in sailor
clo’es, neither. Save him, by takin’ him
to Buffalo, an’ you’ll be rewarded above.”
“ All right, let him come along,” as-
sented the steersman. “ Only he’s gotta
stay in the cabin, all the way.”

  “ Go, my boy, an’ my blessin’ be on
ye,” said the ancient one, with real feel
ing. “ I had a son once that was kind
of the same way, an’ I understand. We
done all we could fer him, but ’twan’t
no use. I understand. Good-by.”
Jenkins answered nothing. He could
not trust himself to speak. But rage
did not obscure his reason. Here was a
chance, unexpected as it was opportune,
to pursue the yacht unmolested and in
perfect safety, to get constant news oi
her, to set himself forward on his difficult
way. Only a madman could have re-
fused.

  Without a word he, therefore, strode to
the granite coping of the lock, gauged
the distance to the deck of the canal-
boat—now about two feet from the edge
and perhaps four below it—and jumped
aboard. The helmsman, eying him nar-
rowly, spoke no word but merely jerked
his thumb in the direction of the deck-
house close in front of the long tiller.

  Jenkins understood. He walked to it,
trembling with indignation, entered the
little door, descended a steep half-dozen
steps and found himself in a square,
stuffy room lighted only by a row of
small windows near the top.

  At a table in the center of the room,
two men were sitting, deep in conversa-
tion, with a bottle between them. Both
looked up, at the new arrival.

  Jenkins saw that one was thin, dark,
and well-dressed. At sight of the other,
he started back with an exclamation he
only just succeeded in turning into a
cough.

  Do you wonder at his astonishment
and alarm? Let me tell you the reason
for them. The second man, there before
him, was—you’d never guess it in a
thousand years—was Simoon Sam!

CHAPTER XV.

A DASH IN THE DARK.

FOR the second or third time in his
entire life the urgent stress of a
crisis whipped Bill Jenkins’s wits to
swift action.

  What had happened, and why, he
knew not. But the fact remained that
there Simoon Sam sat, visibly in a chair
before him, holding conference with a
stranger over a square-face- of strong
waters.

  Jenkins knew perfectly well that to
make himself known, or even be recog-
nized, would in all probability be abso-
lutely fatal to all his hopes, and end his
piratical career forthwith. Arrest, ex-
posure, punishment, loss of everything
that now made life worth living, would
all follow in natural sequence. There-
fore he must not be recognized.

  For a tense moment Sam held the in-
truder under a powerful and angry gaze.
Jenkins’s heart shriveled to the size of a
dried mustard-seed and ceased function-
ing altogether. At that instant he stood
upon the brink of an abyss.

  But he didn’t fall over. With a thrill
■of hope he saw in Sam’s ferocious optics
no sign of recognition. Sam had never
beheld him save by uncertain, artificial
light and in totally other clothing. Jen-
kins’s disguise was sufficient to protect
him. Nothing else mattered, not even
Sam’s bellow of:

  “ Who the blink - blank are you, you
swab, an’ what are you doin’ here?”
Jenkins made no answer. Weakly, by
reason of the reaction from panic to joy,
he leaned against the cabin wall, stared
at Sam, and shook his head. His only
game, he realized, was to assume the role
that fate and all hands seemed deter-
448

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

mined to thrust upon him. “ Assume a
virtue if you have it not! ” floated through
his brain. Since lunacy might be a virtue
in this case, why, he would be*a lunatic;
nothing simpler.

  Sam roared out his question again, this
time embellished with a large variety of
adjectives and qualifications. He also
banged the table savagely with his glass.
Jenkins, realizing that this was one of
Sam’s bad days, still replied nothing. He
let his mouth droop open a little, half
closed his eyes, and smiled a smile that
would have made angels weep. Then, as
though mustering all his strength, he
murmured:

  “ I couldn’t find the key to the canal
lock, so they’re sending me back to the
Buffalo asylum.”

  Dead silence greeted this remark. Jen-
kins subsided on to a berth at the left of
the cabin, rolled over, and became inert.
Holding his breath, feeling his heart
pound madly against his ribs, he listened
keenly.

  “Another one, s’hplp me!” he heard
Simoon exclaim in a startled, almost awed
voice. “ Worse ’n the one that got away,
damfe ain’t. What is this, Mac — an
omen, or somethin’?”

  “ Search me!” answered the other.
Came a pause. “ Kind of peculiar,
though, I must say. I’ve been in the
game eighteen years, Sam, and never saw
it equalled. To be working on an asylum
case and run into this—well—”

  Another silence. Then heavy footsteps
sounded on the cabin floor. Jenkins
heard Sam’s voice addressing somebody
out through the door:

  “Jake! Oh, Jake!”

  “ What you want now?” replied the
helmsman.

  “ How about this? What is it, an’
where did it come from?”

  “ Harmless, I reckon,” Jake assured
the irate one. “ Dunno nuthin’ about it.
Goin’ to Buffalo, to some home or
’nuther.”

  “ Well, now, see here—" Sam began
to expostulate; but Mac, with a hasty

“ Pssst Pssst!” interrupted him. Jen-
kins, listening with all • his might, heard
this colloquy:

  “ What is it? What you want?”

  “ Shhh! Don’t kick up a ruction,
Sam!”

  “ Why not?”

  “ Come back here and sit down, and
I’ll tell you.”

   Sam’s footfalls crossed the floor again.
A chair creaked as his two hundred
pounds settled into it.

  “ Well, what?” demanded he.

  “ Don’t you see?”

  “ No, damfi do!”

  Liquid gurgled from the bottle-neck.
Jenkins realized with considerable joy
that Sam had fallen off the water-wagon,
and that his wits would therefore be more
or less fogged — probably more, if what
Sally had told him had been true con-
cerning the man’s habits.

  “ It’s this way,” explained Mac, lower-
ing his tone still more, so that our adven-
turer could just barely make out the
words and no more. “ In this game, now,
the possession of one bona-fide nut might
very likely prove highly important to us.
And—”

  “ How’s that?”

  “ If we’ve got one, taking him back to
the asylum, it would lend all kinds of
color to the statement that we were
taking another back, too. My advice is
to let this bug stay right here, and take
particularly good care not to let him get
away, at least till we meet Harvey at the
Eagle House, in Utica. Harvey ’11 know
what to do. His judgment is O. K. all
the time.” A pause, punctuated by the
sipping of liquid. “ With this harmless
loon as a ringer, we’ll -stand a lot better
chance of bagging the real game—that is,
if you haven’t got cold feet and want to
quit before tackling the proposition.”

  “ Me quit?” demanded Simoon, with a
silght hiccup. “ Never! When I set sail
for a port, I never drop anchor till I’m
there. And after the way that qualified
swab handed me my walking-papers,#just
because I couldn’t help a dod-ratted st-ow-
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

449

away messin’ up things an’ then escapin’,
you think I’d lay down on the propo-
sition? Not! No, sir, I’m with you to a
finish, Mac; an’ here’s hopin’ he spends
the rest of his life where he belongs—in
the nut-foundry!”

  The glasses clinked again. A great
white light dawned over Jenkins’s per-
turbed mind as he lay there sweating with
a bad attack of nerves. ■ He seemed at
last to understand everything. So, then,
Sam had been fired from the Victory on
his account. Jenkins smiled with joy at
this.

  At any rate, he had paid up part of the
score against his tormentor. The rest was
equally clear. Everything seemed fitting
together like the parts of a cut-out puzzle.
Disgruntled, Sam had happened to meet
this Mac individual, one of the men now
trailing Everett to force him back into
Hamilton Asylum.

  Mac, taking advantage of his anger,
had enlisted him in the plot. They were
pursuing the Victory, traveling slowly and
safely—for who would ever think of
looking for passengers on a canal-boat
these days?

  At Utica they would join one Harvey,
unknown, the other detective plotting
against Everett. After that a coup of
some kind or other was to be sprung. It
all looked clear as crystal, and everything
coincided with what Sally had told him
in regard to the matter—all except Sam’s
part in the affair, which had developed
since Jenkins had left the yacht.

  With a joy so savage that it hurt and
made his soul quiver within him, Jenkins
realized he now stood on the edge of vital
developments. Fortune was about to hand
him a dazzling and totally unexpected
prize-package. 'By falling in with the
plotters’ scheme and forwarding it, he
could take a supreme revenge on Everett
for having—as he now firmly believed—
cheated him out of his just dues and run
off with Sally. He felt like shouting,
singing, dancing; but canny prudence
held him motionless, listening with all his
ears.

  “ Pipe that, will you?” he heard Si-
moon thickly exclaim with a sound as
though striking a paper with his fist.
“ He’s advertising for another mate al-
ready! See, here in the shipping colyume.
I’m done, permanent. S’help me, I’ll cut
his liver out first and then berth him in
Bug Harbor for life, or I’m no A.B.!”

  “ What’s that? What you say?” asked
Mac eagerly, in a low tone. “ Another
mate?”

  Came a little tense silence. Then Jen-
kins heard the whispered give-and-take
of questions and answers, whereof he
caught nothing intelligible, listen as he
might.

  The boat, meanwhile, was rising stead-
ily in the lock. The lower gate had been
closed, the sluice-ways in the upper
opened. Jenkins heard the rushing of
waters.

  From where he lay he could just sight
through one of the little windows along
the top of the cabin. The granite wall
seemed sliding down. Now the coping
appeared, the legs of a man, a view of the
bottom part of the shanty. The upward
motion ceased. Shouts, oaths, and com-
mands drifted in. A hawser creaked.
The wall began to slide backward. Lift-
ed to the higher level, the boat was start-
ing toward the west again.

 “ On our way,” thought Jenkins.

  Safe and sound, with everything falling
right. From now on it’s a romp, a fun-
fest with a dash of everything in it but
yellow! ”

  His thoughts raced with unusual celer-
ity. Things heretofore hidden seemed
plain. Even the now inaudible plottings
of Simoon and the conspirator appeared
to lie open before his mind’s eye. As the
boat slid gently up the canal, with a
soothing murmur of waters along its side,
Jenkins felt he now understood the situa-
tion clearly.

  Obviously the disgruntled and vindic-
tive mate was arranging that Mac should
apply for the job now vacant aboard the
yacht. Once there, he and Simoon would
work with the unknown Harvey to kidnap
450

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Everett and bear him back to Hamilton.
Jenkins gloated over this idea. Could
anything more fully glut his vengeance?
Yes, one thing could! And that was—

  “ Suffering tom-cats!” decided Jenkins.
“ I’ll do the job myself!”

  Could he? Why not? What was to
prevent his getting that job himself?
Once installed aboard the yacht, dis-
guised as a sailor, why could he not treat
with Simoon, Mac, and Harvey as with
equals? Why not hold them up for a
substantial sum of money, dispose of
Malcolm Everett, seize the girl, and win
all tricks?

  Accused of being a buccaneer for noth-
ing, why not play the bold game in real-
ity and win all at one supreme master-
stroke? Jenkins’s heroic blood leaped in
his veins. Just how the thing was to be
brought about he knew not; but on the
instant his resolve was firmly taken. His
goals were now the Victory, and alter that
the Eagle House, Utica. Weltering in a
sea of glad excitement, he lay there in
the berth, supremely thrilled with an-
ticipation of heroic deeds now close at
hand.

  Thus, lifted high on waves of glory,
began his journey aboard the good canal-
boat Lottie Peck.

  Now, while I should like to trace our
hero’s mental processes and draw a pic-
ture of his feigned insanity during the
four-and-twenty hours that he spent
there, the sweep of our story compels me
to elide this portion of the narrative.

  Jenkins lay low, betraying no signs of
intelligence whatsoever. A few times Mac
and Simoon examined him, made him sit
up, questioned him, and tried to elicit in-
formation as to his personality, but Jen-
kins’s fatuous smile and wandering an-
swers completely baffled them. Jake, the
helmsman, also individuals named Tim-
mins, Snuffy, and Burke—all “ trippers,”
as canal-boat freight-handlers are called
—took turns interrogating him—in vain.

  Jenkins lay entirely low till Schenec-
tady and danger were far behind. He
accepted food and tobacco as his due, re-

mained quiescent, and thanked his stars
that every moment was bringing him
nearer and nearer the consummation of
his burning hopes.

  He slept little that night, so feverish
were his thoughts. In the morning, un-
molested—though Sam and Mac kept
close surveillance on him — he went on
deck with a cigar that Sam had given him.
There he sat for some hours, watching the
landscape unroll as the mules plodded on,
ever on, westward bound.

  With interest he observed villages and
towns pass by, locks, low bridges, feeders,
waste-weirs and viaducts, and all the busy
life and numerous devices along the route
of the great waterway. He watched the
mules, at the end of their “ trick,” being
driven aboard the boat and stabled in the
hold, forward, while a fresh team was sent
ashore and harnessed to the tow-rope.

  And ever he listened to the gossip of
the red-faced Jake with one or other of
the boatmen, picking up odd bits of canal
lore and stowing them away. For, on a
pinch, who could tell what chance piece
of information might not pull him through
some supremely vital crisis?

  Let all this go with but a word of men-
tion. Time dragged on; so did the Lottie
Peck. Noon passed, and afternoon wore
on toward evening. With increasing ten-
sion, Jenkins realized the time was close at
hand now for some sharp, decisive action.
Before Mac should get that job as mate
on board the yacht, he himself must cop
it. He must be ready to confront Mac
and Simoon, and—master of the situation
—dictate terms to them.

  With this idea in mind he waited till
the early twilight of autumn closed down
upon the world. The two conspirators
were still below-decks, as usual. They
seemed entirely reluctant, in fact, to be
observed at all outside the cabin of the
Lottie Peck.

  At the bows Snuffy was smoking ciga-
rettes. Jake was asleep below, having
given the helm to Burke. Timmins was
dangling his feet overboard, moodily
chewing tobacco and from time to time
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

451

giving vent to certain stanzas of an in-
terminable song in this wise:*

“ On the Erie Canal it was, all on a summer's
    day,

1 sailed forth with my parents far away to
    Alba nay.

From out the clouds at noon that day there
came a dreadful storm
That piled the billows high about and filled us
with alarm.”

   Timmins ruminated a bit, while Jen-
kins pondered escape. How could it be?
To watch his chance, swing up on a low
bridge, and run would fatally expose him.
In no time Simoon and Mac, instituting
pursuit, "would hale him back. And
-then—

“A man came rushing from a house, saying,

     ‘ Snub up, I pray;

Snub up your boat, snub up, alas, snub up while
    yet you may!’

Our captain cast one glance astern, then forward
    glanced he,

And said, ‘ My wife and little ones I never more
    shall see!’

“ Said Dollinger, the pilot man, in noble words
    but few,

‘ Fear not, but lean on Dollinger, and he will
    pull you through!’

‘Come ’board, come ’board!’ the captain cried,
    ‘ nor tempt so wild a storm!’

But still the raging mules advanced, and still the
     boy strode on.” '

   Then what? Jenkins knew he must
risk nothing by premature action. All
might be lost by disclosing his real inten-
tion of flight. Diplomacy must get him
ashore and away, not strength or speed.
He longed for the liberty that the poetic
Timmins enjoyed, cast a wary eye on
Burke at the helm, and, realizing that
Burke had him well in view, remained
quiescent. Timmins continued:

“ Alas, alas, the sheeted rain, the wind and tem-
     pest's roar!

Alas, the gallant ship and crew, can nothing help
     them more?

She balances, she wavers! Now let her come
    about!

If she misses stays and broaches to we're lost
    without a doubt.

Avast, belay! Take in more sail! Ho, boy, hold
    taut on the hind mule's tail!”

   Jenkins was thinking faster now. The
references to mules had wakened a line
of possible action in his mind. At the
next halt, if he could only get on shore
with the mules and make off under cover
of the darkness, all might yet be well.
More confidently he drew at his cigar,
and waited as best he could for night to
veil his desperate escape.

  So overboard a keg of nails and anvils three
    we threw,

Likewise four bales of gunny-sacks, two hundred
    pounds of glue,

Two sacks of corn, four ditto wheat, a box of
    books, a cow,

A violin, Lord Byron's works, a rip-saw, and a
    sow.”

   Sadder and more sad grew Timmins’s
voice as he related the woes of shipwreck
on the raging canal. Far ahead, in the
gathering dusk, a little twinkle of light
appeared. Was it another boat approach-
ing? A farmhouse? A lock? Or a
changing-station? No telling. Jenkins
could do no more than wait, possessing
his fevered soul in patience and hoping_
for the best.

  Sever the tow-line! Cripple the mules! Too
    late! There comes a shock!

Another length, the fated craft would have swum
    in the saving lock!

And some did think of their little ones they
    never more might see,

And others of waiting wives at home and
   mothers that grieved would be.”

   Timmins now seemed almost moved to
tears. Jenkins, too, felt a great sadness,
born of the evening calm, of love for his
Sally, and of unsatisfied vengeance, pos-
sess his soul. Intently he listened while
the Lottie Peck slid onward, ever onward
in the gloom, nearer and nearer to the
light upon the bank. With almost heart-

    *	This poem, the only classic ever inspired by the Erie Canal, is attributed to Mark Twain, and
may be found in its entirety in his “ Roughing It,” under the title of “ The Aged Pilot Man.” But
probably Timmins never heard of “ Roughing It,” or Mark Twain either.—Editor,
452

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

rending melancholy the poetic Timmins
concluded:

“ But now a farmer brought a plank, mysteri-
   ously inspired,

And laying it unto the ship, in silent awe re-
   tired.

Then every sufferer stood amazed that pilot man
   before;

A moment stood. Then wondering turned and
   speechless walked ashore.”

  An omen of the best! Jenkins feit it
in his bones. No longer now he doubt-
ed, wondered, feared. Deliverance surely
was at hand. With rising courage he saw
Timmins stand up and walk forward to
join Snuffy. The light was now very
close. Already Jenkins could make out
three or four buildings near the bank. In
front of the door of one of them hung a
sign with a foaming beaker thereon, dim-
ly but certainly visible. Still higher rose
his heart.

   Getting up as the boat slackened with
the slowing of the mules, he shambled
over to Burke.

   “ Is that a saloon?” asked he, smiling
foolishly as he pointed toward the sign.

  “ ’Tis that,” Burke grunted. “ Why?”

  “ I want a drink,” answered Jenkins
simply.

   “ Forgit it,” said Burke. “ Ain’t you
batty enough as ’tis without pourin’ bug-
juice into what’s left o’ your brains? Be-
sides, you ain’t allowed on shore, nohow.”

   “ Please, I want a drink,” repeated Jen-
kins mildly. “ Just one. I most always
take ginger ale. I’ve got two dollars and
thirty-seven cents, and I’ll buy you a
drink, too. Do we stop here long enough
for me to get you a drink?”

  A certain glint developed in Burke’s
eye as he cast a wary glance toward the
short companionway leading downward in
the gloom to a crack of light that outlined
the cabin door.

   “ Whist, lad!” he cautioned. “ I ain’t
sayin’ we ain’t. Though I’m a sober man
mostly, an’ that’s no high-toned j’int. It
put Timmins there to the bad, takin’ too
many swifters as he went by. Tim owned
a store once, but he poured it all down

his neck. ’Tis a good lad y’are, after all,
even if your upper-works is a bit light.
I’ll go ye. Only, mind ye, never a word
to them!” And he turned his thumb ex-
pressively toward the cabin.

  “ All right,” smiled Jenkins foolishly.
“ Please come along. I want my drink
now with a piece of ice in it. Do you
want ginger ale, too?”

  The boat had come to a full stop now,
and the tired mules were being unhooked
and led aboard by the boy, while Snuffy
and Timmins, vociferously urging another
pair from their stalls by deft tail-twisting
and a profusion of kicks, were safely out
of sight.

  “ ’Twon’t take a minute; an’ sure ’tis
no harm at all, just one,” muttered Burke,
standing up.

  He pointed at the bank, an easy jump
from the low rail of the boat. Jenkins
needed no second hint. He leaped safely,
with Burke at his side. A moment later,
quite unnoticed, they had slipped into the
low groggery and had fronted up to the
bar.

  Jenkins’s heart was thrashing wildly,
but he managed to keep that stupid grin
still on his face, under the crude light of
a hanging lamp with a tin shade, as he
rolled half a dollar on the sloppy bar and
mumbled.

  “ Is that enough, mister?”

  “ Fer what?” demanded the blue-
jawed bruiser in a dirty apron, who offi-
ciated as Hebe to the canal men. With
amaze he viewed this sailor-boy, surely
a new species of genus homo.

  Burke raised an unseemly index-finger,
tapped his brow, and winked. He
whispered:

  “ Four fingers of barb-wire an’ turpen-
tine fer me, Mike, an’ ginger-ale fer the
kid. And keep the change. ’S all
right.”

  “ I getcha,” answered the gentle dis-
penser, manipulating glasses and bottles.
He slid the coin into a till. “ What kind
of a phillyloo-bird is it, an’ where
bound?”

  “ Search me," replied Burke, eying his
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

453

four fingers—the drink looked more like
four thumbs, big ones—while Jenkins
sipped warm ginger-ale from a fly-
specked glass.

  “ By the rig of him, he might of came
off that swell yacht that just went along
to tie up at Canajoharie fer the night.
Where d’you stack into him, anyhow?”
Burke shrugged indifferent shoulders.
Plainly the matter was one of no interest
to him. Jenkins, still smiling vaguely,
cast about him eyes that seemed to see
nothing, but that in reality very clearly
perceived an open back door at the rear
of the grog-shop.

  “ Hey, you! Burke! What the—?”
A bellowing roar, in Simoon Sam’s
formidable tones, echoed from the direc-
tion of the canal. Startled, Burke
turned toward the door. Discovery was
upon him, with what dire pains and
penalties who could say?

  “Come along, you whelp o’ misery!”
he shouted as he reached the door. “ If
you’ve got me in wrong with him—!”
Jenkins flung his glass crashing on the
bar, turned and like an unleashed grey-
hound darted out the back door. He
sprawled over a keg, fell flat, picked
himself up and departed.

  Heavy feet trampled the floor of the
saloon. He heeded them not. Harsh
voices shouted after him in the dark. He
only increased his speed.

  Mindful of nothing save increasing the
distance instantly between himself and
the canal, he whipped away into the
gloom, bolted round a clump of trees,
flicked into a country road and like a
hunted rabbit vanished in the all-em-
bracing shelter of the night.

CHAPTER XVI.

A DAZZLING VISION.

PURSUIT, such as there was, proved
tardy and ineffectual. Jenkins heard
various cries, commands, and ex-
hortations, also vague echoes of hurrying
footfalls; but all these presently died out.

and ceased. The chase was over almost
before it had begun, for in the darkness
Jenkins had vanished like a wraith.

  Still he rap on and on. He seemed
to be getting quite a bit of practice lately.
A child fled, screaming, up a path at the
dim sight of him. At a cross-road, a
motherly old lady with a basket of eggs
threw up both hands, and eggs went
down. To meet, so very abruptly, a
sailor sprinting down a country road at
night, coming from nowhere in particular
and bound ditto, cannot help startling
motherly old ladies. Jenkins did not stop
to explain. He just kept right on hiking.

  After an indeterminate period, blow-
ing hard, he perceived a few lights that
seemed to indicate a settlement. Warily,
he slackened his pace. He halted and
observed. No danger appeared to
threaten, though inwardly he was quiv-
ering lest at any moment Simoon Sam
burst upon him like an avenging demon.
Forward he went again, at a walk, passed
without molestation down a village street,
saw a railroad station and made for it,
with a new plan germinating in his in-
tellect.

  The name “ Canajoharie ” stuck in his
mind. There, the bartender had said,
the Victory was going to tie up for the
night. Consequently thither he must go,
instanter.

  Fully determined to strike for the first-
mate’s job on the yacht, wreak vengeance
on Malcolm Everett, wring tribute from
the detectives, grab the reward and Sally,
and win the whole campaign by one swift
coup, he made inquiries of a cadaverous
station-agent with a wen, a cough and
an insatiable curiosity.

  “ Next train to Canajoharie goes in an
hour an’ twenty minutes,” said he. “ Tell
me, you see lots o’ furrin lands, on them
there ships, don’t ye?”

 “ Sure. What’s the fare?”	^

  “ Sixty-five cents. You got lots o’
time. Tell me ’bout Japan, will ye?”

 " Good night!” said Jenkins. He
turned and walked away into the gloom,
with considerable annoyance.
454

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Why the ding-ding couldn’t people let
him alone? Why must he be made
everybody’s football, butt, and question -
box? He felt his milk of human kind-
ness rapidly turning to a cheese as he
walked far down the track, sat down on
the chill embankment behind a pile of
ties, and resigned himself to the inter-
minable wait for the train.

  Thoughts, hopes, fears, exultations,
and despairs turn by turn possessed him,
as he sat there chilly, hungry, tired, and
tobaccoless. Only a great soul, he as-
sured himself, could endure such divers
and distressing misadventures and still
hold true to its original purpose. This
made him feel better.

  At the end of a few eons, a whistle
sounded, far away. Soon after, Jenkins
was speeding toward Canajoharie, thrilled
with joy at thought of all that now surely
lay before him.

  “ I’ve beaten Sam and Mac to it, any-
how,” thought he, as he sank far down
in the last seat of the gloomy smoker,
with one of the train-butcher’s Flor de
Garbagios in his mouth. “ Beaten ’em
to a fine pulp. They’ll have to do biz
with me now. Do I hold the big card?
Some!”

  Beatified with golden visions of ma-
zuma, revenge, and Sally, he voyaged
swiftly westward. The train was express
between all pairs of bars along the line,
and so was easily outdistancing the con-
spirators. Before morning Jenkins cal-
culated the reins of power would lie firm-
ly in his hands.

  To make a short story shorter, the
train deposited him in Canajoharie at
9.47. He supped frugally at a hot-dog
cart—for before going against the Ever-
etts he felt the need of inner sustenance—
absorbed dogs, coffee, and information as
to the whereabouts of the canal, all for
fifteen cents, and soon thereafter was
standing amid barrels beside the water-
way, peering hither and yon for some
glimpse of the Victory.

  Nothing of the yacht was visible. Jen-
kins’s gaze was attracted to a cheerful

little fire on the canal bank, a hundred
yards away. Thither he repaired. Be-
side the fire sat a night-watchman, in
charge of much building-material. The
red glow was reflected from a shrewd,
deep-wrinkled face as the watchman
looked up at sound of the question:

  “ Hello, there. Haven’t lamped a
white yacht being towed through here,
have you?”

  44 Yacht?” The old man stirred the
fire with his boot. “ The Victory, you
mean?”

  “That’s it! Where’s it anchored?”
asked Jenkins, eagerly.

   Anchored? Why—she ain’t an-
chored at all. Reckon you’re kind of a
stranger round here, ain’t you? But she’s
snubbed up ’bout a half mile below.” He
nodded the direction.

  “ Thanks,” said Jenkins, and started
away. Then, struck by another thought,
he returned. “ You aren’t wise to whether
anybody’s grabbed off that job they were
advertising, are you?”

  44 Dunno. What kind of a job?”

  “ Mate.”

  The watchman regarded Jenkins a long
minute, then slowly shook his head.

  “ Better not, sonny,” said he. “ Bet-
ter not.”

  “ Better not what?” demanded Jen-
kins, piqued.

  “ Better not try to sign articles as mate.
A lad that calls a yacht 4 it,’ an’ thinks
they anchor in the Erie, would only be
gettin’ in trouble. Take an old-time blue-
water man’s advice, sonny, an’ don’t do
it. Can you box the compass?”

  44 Box it?” queried Jenkins. 44 Sure!”
  44 How’d you do it?”

  44 Well, I’d have to have a box, and a
hammer and nails, of course, to begin
with. And then—”

  Jenkins hesitated at sight of the watch-
man’s startled expression. Something
seemed to tell him he was on the wrong
track.

  44 No, I don’t mean just that,” he
amended. But the old man, still more
sad, put another question:
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.	455

  “ What’s the duties of a mate, any-
how?”

 “ A mate? Why—a mate—a mate’s a
kind of companion; everybody knows
that,” said Jenkins. “ He sort of acts as
a—a companion -for the captain, and—”
“ And stays in the companionway? Is
that it?” suggested the watchman.

  “Sure!” Jenkins grasped eagerly at
this saving straw. Now, for sure, he was
getting some valuable tips that would
stand him in good stead when he should
confront the Everetts. “ That’s just
what I was going to say.”

  “ Sonny, can you run a hay-burner?”
The old man's question was shot out
with startling abruptness. Taken aback,
Jenkins found no answer save:

 “ Hay-burner? What’s that? New
kind of engine?”

  “ Oldest in the world, sonny. None
older. Some calls ’em mules, but on the
canal they’re hay-burners. Can you run
one, or mebbe two?”

  “ Why, sure. What’s the idea?”

  “ Well, my advice to you, as a father,
is to get a job runnin’ hay-burners, an’
not try to sign no mate’s berth. You
ain’t got no more show fer that, my boy,
than what you’d have to be a—well, a
pirate on the canal. So—”

  Startled, Jenkins turned a shade or
two paler. The reference to piracy seemed
to be striking indelicately close. What
might or might not this singular old man
know about him? With plots and coun-
ter-plots weaving all about, with detec-
tives pursuing the Victory, whom could
he trust? He longed to be gone. But
the watchman put another question:

  “ When you was to home, sonny, what
counter did you work at?”

  “I worked in a cigar-store!” blurted
Jenkins, indignantly.

  “ I thought so. Well,” and the watch-
man nodded gravely, “ well now, if
you’ve set your heart on a floatin’ job,
you go ask fer a berth as storekeeper.
You might just happen to make good.
But claw off the lee shore of that mate
proposition. Claw off, sonny!”

  Silently Jenkins stared at him a mo-
ment, then, without further speech, de-
parted. The old man’s advice, he real-
ized, was sound, even though it hurt.
After all, what mattered his official status
if only he could get aboard the yacht?
Any position, even the most menial,
would serve. Let the mate proposition
go. Welcome and hail to the job of ship’s
storekeeper!

  Greatly enheartened now, and with
hopes fast rising in his emotional barom-
eter, he strode along the canal in the di-
rection indicated by the old watchman.
The fire faded and disappeared, leaving
only a. ruddy glow from behind the piles
of building-material.

  At his left a row of dingy buildings
faintly showed, under the light of a few
scattering arc-lamps that threw wimpling
serpents of illumination on the dark wa-
ters. Keenly Jenkins peered ahead for
some sight of the Victory. Only an oc-
casional scow or canal-boat was in sight,
tied up to the bank or moving slowly be-
hind its tired span of mules. Discourage-
ment began to finger at his heart; but all
of a sudden—

  “ Gee! There it is!” said our adven-
turer, more cautiously advancing.

  There, indeed, she was, her trim white
hull and cabins gleaming vaguely in the
dim light. Aft, under the awning which
still covered her deck, an incandescent
was burning. Jenkins saw big wicker
chairs there, and in the chairs, two men.

  He caught the dull glow of cigar-tips
and beheld a waft of smoke. Curses on
millionaires who sat in wicker chairs
aboard yachts, smoking Havanas at their
ease, while their outraged victim pursued
them through dire perils! Jenkins’s
heart beat loudly at thought of his be-
loved one now so near. False to him, or
true, Sally was almost within his reach,
at last. Reward was near, and venge-
ance! Ah, pregnant and fateful mo-
ment!

  Gritting his teeth, clenching both fists,
and simply oozing outraged dignity, Jen-
kins came abreast the millionaires. He
456

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

halted, gazed at them a minute with ha-
tred and disdain. How little they knew—
Malcolm Everett and his gray-mustached
father—who now stood within a few feet
of them; how little they dreamed of their
impending fate! Then he raised his
voice, and in tones not entirely steady,
said:

  “ Good evening, gents! Can I come
aboard, on business?”

  Malcolm Everett peered out across the
narrow strip of water at the figure of a
young man in naval uniform who stood
there, hand at round cap, in a salute, and
queried:

  “ What business?”

  “ Private matter, sir.”

  “ All right.” He gestured toward the
gang-plank—the very same up which Si-
moon Sam, ages and ages ago, had kicked
him in such a dastardly fashion. Jen-
kins needed no second invitation. A mo-
ment later he was confronting them both,
under the gleam of the bulb.

  Outwardly bold, our adventurer was in-
wardly quaking. Now for the first time
since having left Henderson’s cigar-stand,
he was face to face with Malcolm Ever-
ett. . Would he be recognized? Would all
his plans in one second be shattered to
dust, all his hopes be blighted? Nay, not
so. Never a glint of recognition ap-
peared in the eyes of the heavily built,
black-browed man in the big wicker chair.
Instead, with a look of casual interest, he
blew smoke and demanded:

  “ Well, what is it?”

  “ I heard—saw your ad in the paper,”
began Jenkins. “ But I’m not trying to
nail that job. I’d like to connect with
your storekeeping department. Wages no
object. Any show?”

  A little silence greeted this rapid-fire.
Then the older man, removing his cigar,
asked simply:

  “ Have you ever kept store?”

   “ Yes, sir.”

  “ Where?”

  “ On Sixth Avenue—I mean, aboard
the Henderson, sir, and—”

  “ Understand the duties perfectly?”

  . “ Yes, sir. Do I cop the posish?”

  “ Deserter?” queried Malcolm.

  “ No, sir. That’s the uniform I had
when I expired.”

  “ When you what? ”

  “ I mean when I got through.”

  The two plutocrats exchanged a glance
of amusement that set Jenkins’s blood
boiling. To be wronged, robbed, and
cast off, to have one’s Sally stolen away,
was it not enough, without insult being
added for full measure? Only a gloating
inward realization of vengeance near at
hand restrained Jenkins. His heart was
seething in his breast, but outwardly he
dissembled to perfection.

  “ I don’t know but we might take him
on,” judged Malcolm. “ He seems an
original sort. What do you think,
father?”

  “ All right,” answered the other. “ Go
forward, and make arrangements with
Burch. I can’t be bothered with these
petty details.” He dismissed Jenkins with
a languid wave of the hand that turned
our adventurer’s insides to boiling lava.
“ Now, Malcolm, as I was saying,” he
continued, totally ignoring the newly
hired employee, “ I figure that the sur-
plus production of pig-iron, next year,
will inevitably—”

  Waiting to hear no more, but with a
seething welter of mingled rage and joy
struggling for mastery of his spirit, Jen-
kins saluted, turned on his heel—as he
had seen sailors do in the movies—and
departed in quest of one Burch, unidenti-
fied.

  How strange, how passing strange, it
seemed to be once more back on the Vic-
tory! Jenkins’s heart throbbed as he
passed a well-remembered place where
Sally had stood with him when she had
shattered his dreams of foreign travel and
had told him he was really but in the
Erie canal. Might he not, at any mo-
ment, come face to face with her? Might
not any wild, entrancing, romantic inci-
dent occur? Might not—?

  Jenkins paused, a little aft of midships.
From the side of a window-shutter, aU
BILL JENKINS, BUCCANEER.

457

most but not quite drawn, a crack of light
was shining. It seemed like Sally’s win-
dow. Was it not hers?

  Jenkins advanced, half-resolved to
throw all caution to the winds, to tap on
that shutter and, like Romeo of old, have
sweet converse with his ladylove. True
or false, she was still his Dulcinea, for-
ever and a day.

  A sharp metallic clink, as of coins
dropping on metal, arrested his attention.
What might that be? Quickly he glanced
about. Nobody was visible. He was
quite unobserved. Who, hearing money
chinking, will not look at it?

  Jenkins peered through the crack. An
astonishing sight met his gaze. There,
seated at a table in a commodious cabin,
not four feet from him, sat Cornelius
Everett, the millionaire who had first em-
ployed him!

  In a flash he recognized the thin, aris-
tocratic features, the deep-set blue eyes
and aquiline nose. But—but Sally had
told him Cornelius would not join the
tion which bade fair to last some time.
Victory till it had reached Detroit!

  What fresh deception, plotting, and
subterfuge was this? Jenkins knew’ not.
He had no time, now, to ponder on the
dark mystery, for right before him, almost
within reach, his widening eyes beheld a
profusion of wealth such as, till then, had
never gladdened them.

  Yes, there sat the millionaire, counting
out money by the wholesale. Nothing
retail about this! Clinking gold-pieces
dropped into a strong metal box at Ever-
ett’s right hand. Beside the box lay
stacks of bills—yellow ones—all done up
in neat parcels with paper bands around
them. Oh, it was fascinating, it was daz-
zling, superb, divine!

  “ Suffering Moses! ” thought Jenkins,
transfixed, “ the genuine elixir fun-drops,
by the oceanful!”

  Suddenly a voice spoke, somewhere
within. The millionaire raised his head
from the task and listened. Again the
voice.

  “ All right,” said Everett. He arose,

walked to a door at the side of the cabin,
passed through it and disappeared.

  Instantly a wild tumult burst out in
Jenkins’s consciousness.

  “It’s mine! A lot of that is mine!”
was the wild chorus that rang in his ears.
These people had used him, had profited
by his unpaid perils, labors, and tribula-
tions, had cast him off, cheated and
abused him, robbed him of gold and love.
And now, visibly there before him lay a
fortune!

  Who could have resisted the obvious
and logical act of simple justice? Few of
us, I know. Nor Jenkins, either. Ideas
of vengeance faded. Let Sam and Mac
handle their own case in their own way.
Here was wealth! The girl? Once pos-
sessed of his rightful dues, Jenkins knew
he could achieve her. Here, here was the
one immediate and crying essential!

  How much? Ah, that was the ques-
tion. How much should he take? Jen-
kins was no thief. He didn’t want a
penny that didn’t rightfully belong to
him. But on the other hand, he didn’t
mean to lose a penny that did. At any
rate, $921.17 was his very own. And the
reward? Oh, call that $50,000, at a
moderate estimate. Very well, Jenkins,
with quivering heart, dry mouth, and
shaking body, determined right then and
there to take $50,931.17. Correct to a T!

  But how determine the amount? Ob-
viously, only one way was open. He
must grab it all — all that he could—
quietly leave the yacht, seek out a hiding-
place, count off the correct sum and re-
turn the rest. This was honest, this was
fair, this was simple, plain, every-day jus-
tice. To work!

  Boldly, as befitted a pirate w-ho knew
his rights and meant to uphold them with '
firm but honest exactitude, our buccaneer
slid back the blind.

  Over the sill he leaned. The table wras
within easy reach. Not a sound was to
be heard save a muffled interchange of
voice from the inner cabin in conversa-
tion which bade fair to last some time.

  Farther Jenkins stretched himself. He
458

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

elongated his rather spare frame like an
eel. Out went his arm, his clutching
hand. Already he seemed to sense the
feeling of half a dozen packets of those
delicious yellowbacks stuffed into his
roomy blouse. Already his fingers were
about to close on them—

“ Here, you! What you doing here? ”
Jenkins heard a harsh, brutal shout in
his ear. He felt a violent jerk. His

blouse tore wide with the tremendous pull
that dragged him from the window, spun
him round and sent him staggering
against the rail.

  Open-mouthed and wide-eyed, he
stared up at a figure of black wrath tow-
ering above him.

  Up into a terrible and menacing face
he peered—the face of Malcolm Everett,
his arch-enemy!

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine is issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

IUCK'S everything.

Sometimes it chases a man, some-
times he trips over it, sometimes it
buries him.

  The queerest case of all round good
and bad luck I ever knew of happened
to a fellow I met in Western Australia
just after Bailey’s reward started the big
rush.

  I had been prospecting some gullies
about sixty miles southeast of Hannan’s
that summer, just making tucker and
tobacco out of a few fly specks and an
occasional ounce slug. I had a pack-
horse, plenty of rice and dried apples, a
few tins of meat, with enough salt water
two feet down in the clay pan to keep
my condenser going.

  I didn’t feel settled enough to hoist
my fly, so slept in the open by the fire.
I was a hatter, didn’t care for mates as

a rule, and hadn’t met any other pros-
pectors on foot, horse, or camel since I
had been out. Nobody seemed to want
that bit of Australia.

  One evening at tea a man came out of
the scrub with nothing on but ragged
trousers and fell down flat by the fire.
His back was burned and blistered, his
tongue thick, and his bare feet were
bleeding. I knew at once that he’d been
doing a perish, so without asking ques-
tions I poured some hot tea down his
throat, and gave him a bit of damper.

  He came to pretty quickly and wanted
to explain. I saw he was a new chum
and told him to shut up. You don’t
have to apologize for what the bush has
done to you when you’ve lost your bear-
ings and your water bag. Then I threw
a couple of flour bags over him, put a
log under his head and let him sleep.
LUCK.

459

  He was a little pasty-faced chap, one
of the thousands Bailey’s find had
brought over from the East. Poor devils
accustomed to streets and policemen,
trying where men like me had failed for
twenty years. A bushy would have
wanted a smoke first, no matter how
parched .he was. I know I always did.

  Next morning he was still weak, but
got up and helped me to blow up the
ashes. His name was David Baird, and
he had been dry-blowing at the Six Mile,
near Hannan’s. He had tented with
some mates who were working for wages
on the Perseverance, and walked to and
fro every day between there and his
claim—which was a duffer.

  At first I couldn’t make out how long
he had been lost, he didn’t seem to know
himself, but afterward I reckoned he did
a three days. Three days without water
is enough for an old chunk of diorite like
me, but to Baird who had never before
in his life been a hundred yards away
from a bar or a water tap it was hell—
no, it was Westralia, which is worse than
hell.

  Coming home to camp he had gone
astray and didn’t meet sign or sight of
anything living till he fell by my fire.

  “ Wasn’t there a track?” I asked.

  “ Yes, but I missed it somehow,” he
said. “ I had been used to guide myself
by the sound of the Boulder battery.”

  I knew the Boulder battery. It was
the first bit of mining machinery on that
field. It was not a real battery, with
stampers and mercury box and blankets
—there wasn’t enough water to run one
of that kind—but a sort of dry mill that
ground up the quartz in a round hopper.
The row it made used to scare the black
fellows, it spoiled the bush I thought, as
it interfered with your thinking. But
Baird, used to the noise and the clatter
of a city, liked it, and took it as a com-
pass to steer him home to camp.

  He didn’t seem able to explain why it
failed him that night, as he said he heard
it quite plainly. He thought he must
have mistaken the direction of the sound,

but why he couldn’t tell. The country
was flat with low scrub and nothing to
cause an echo, and besides he had been
going by that battery for weeks.

  “ Anything wrong with your ears?” I
asked.

  “ No, I heard it all the time nearly,
but somehow I couldn’t come up to it—
it never got any nearer. Then the night
came—and I was frightened—and began
to run about in the dark and call out—
you know how it is.”

   I did.

  “ My water bag tore on a branch, so
I lost every drop. Of course, I had
nothing to eat and had been hungry
when I left the claim. I thought p’r’aps
I was walking in a circle and going round
and round that battery which kept up
its ‘ tum-te-te-tum, tum-te-te-tum ’ all
night. So I stopped and made up my
mind for a night in the bush. I couldn't
light a fire as I hadn’t any matches.”

  The new chum again. A bushman
wouldn’t stir a yard from camp or mate
without feeling his pockets.

  “ Next morning I couldn’t hear the
battery at all at first. I started blazing
a trail on the trunks with my shovel.
The country was different, so I knew I
had wandered. It wasn’t the flat patches
of red soil and quartz gravel I was used
to, but low hills of ironstone and thick
scrub. I climbed the highest I .could see
—and then I heard the battery again,
just as if it was near by, it was so loud.

  “ But I couldn’t see any tents or
smoke—nothing but bush and sky, bush
and sky.”

  I never saw a chap who could talk so
much and drink so little. He said all
that on one cup of tea, but then he had
to stop. The bush and the sky make a
man hold his tongue. All you can do
is bite on your pipe and go through
with it, and if you say anything, make it
a prayer and it’s best to think that.

  I got his tale straight when he told it
later, as he did many times. At first he
used to mix up the middle and the end—
what he did with what he dreamed—and
460

ALL-STORY. WEEKLY.

always talked most of the things that
hurt him most. Of course, he’d been out
of his mind a bit, as a man will when
he does a perish, but I don’t think Baird
ever quite came back for some time.

    I tried to steer by my shadow', but
I couldn’t always watch it, it made my
neck stiff, and I bumped into rocks ami
tripped over roots. I remember once
stopping and laughing, thinking how
funny it would be if I found gold—and
I jumped once, and the battery went
harder than ever, when I picked up a
piece of quartz with specks on it. —

  “ But it wasn’t gold, it was blood, and
I saw I had lost my boots and my feet
were bleeding. I heard voices besides the
battery, Mary’s and the girls’ at home.
That was in the night, and I ran toward
them, and that’s when I fell and knocked
my head against a tree in the dark—”

  So he rambled on, telling his story in
bits. 1 felt sorry for him, but he didn’t
have to tell me. I had done it all myself,
all except the battery. I never heard of
that befoie.

  I made him rest for a day or two
while I went fossicking, and gaye him
some flour bags to make a shirt and a
hat and boots for himself. He was a
willing little chap, got to cleaning up the
camp, boiling the billy, and he knew how
to bake johnny-cake that didn’t taste of
the ashes.

  I liked him as much as I could like
any man living in my camp, except that
he took too much sugar in his tea and
talked too much. He told me all about
his wife and children, way back across
the Bight waiting for him to find their
fortunes — how he had borrowed money
and the money-lender made him take out
a life policy. “ That nearly stopped me,”
he said, “ for the doctor who examined me
said I had a nervous heart, and Mary
was afraid, but he said the open-air life
would do me good.”

  Of course, like the rest, he thought it
was a picnic. I adivsed him to get a
storekeeper’s job in Coolgardie, and of-
fered to give him tucker and water to

go in—and a compass. I don’t think he
was afraid of die bush, even after what
he had been through. But lie wouldn’t
hear of taking a job. He had come to
find gold, and find it he would.

  That’s where the luck comes in. I
had seen a new chum fall down a hole
an old-timer had given up as a duffer,
and strike it rich with his first shovelful.
So I didn’t argue with him. Maybe I
thought he would bring me luck. He
was lucky in a way to tumble on me. If
he hadn’t, the crows would have got him
by this, so I told him we could be mates
till I had to go in for more tucker.

  When I knew him better I found out
that if city fellows know nothing they
can learn quickly. He had picked up how
to handle the dry-blowers’ dishes and oc-
casionally came back with a pennyweight
or so, and always had tea ready when
I got home and bush tea at that, not
ladies’ stuff.

  He had grit, too, and actually per-
suaded me not to shift camp. Me, a
battler of twenty years’ experience, bred
to the game and bound to die of it. He
said if one bit of the country is as good
as another as it is in the West where the
rotten volcanic gold comes anyhow with-
out run or lead, we’d stand a better
chance if we worked out one claim to
bed-rock before shifting to another.

  P’r’aps I wasn’t used to being talked
to so much, p’r’aps I’d got some supersti-
tions of my own in my build that I didn’t
know of, anyhow we hung on.

  One evening as I turned to the clear-
ing I heard his ax going. He used it
still like a new chum, letting the handle
slip through his fingers till his'-palms
blistered. I saw him stop dead still and
lift his head in the air.

  “ What is it, Dave?” I said.

  “ I thought I heard the battery again,”
he said.

  I had a bad streak that day, the gold
had been so fine the wind blew it away,
so I was irritable.

  “ Drop that, Dave, there’s no battery
this side of Hannan’s, and never will be.
LUCK.

461

There’s not enough gold round here to
stop a tooth.”

  He didn’t answer me. The bush and
me were teaching him to be quiet, but all
through tea I could see he was listening,
and it annoyed me, as there was nothing
to listen to. I thought he had forgotten
that battery dream of his, and I didn’t
like it coming back.

  I didn’t want a crazy man for a mate.
It’s hard enough to keep sane oneself,
without company. Stronger men than
this little home-bred clerk have thrown
up their hands to the bush. Back East
where there’s water—sometimes—and the
trees are big and friendly, and there’s
life in the scrub, I’ve seen men jump
up from a camp-fire raving, just becausc
they couldn’t stand it.

  But in the West here where everything
is dead, dry, and thirsty with stunted
scrub, hot sand, and bald rock, with dry
lakes and salt water you have to dig for.
with never a beast or insect and the only
birds crows waiting for you to die, it’s
harder still—and I was afraid for Davie.

  But he said nothing, and we rolled
over in our blankets with our feet to the
fire as usual and slept. Next day I made
my find. I knew it before I saw it.
Something tingled along my pick handle
the moment the point struck the quartz.
Gold and I ought to know each other.
For twenty years through New Guinea
chills, Queensland blacks, and Westralian
thirsts I had been looking for it—and we
knew each other.

  I wasn’t at all excited, but just stood
looking at that opened outcrop of quartz
—and the jeweler’s shop inside. I didn’t
even rush round and pick up sticks to
peg out my claim. There was no need
for that anyway as I don’t believe there
was another prospector between us and
the southern ocean.

  “ There will be batteries here all right,
Creswick, old man,” was what woke me.

  It was Baird at my elbow. He never
could get over the town habit of calling
me by my last name, and he was shaking
my hand.

  “ I’m glad of your luck,” said he.

  I think I was glad to get angry on
purpose for a relief.

  “ ‘ Your luck ’?” 1 said. “ Our luck,
our luck.”

  Then I cursed him from there to Syd-
ney for thinking I would leave him out
of it. Only a town chap used to robbing
his mates for a living and calling it busi-
ness would have thought of it. Didn’t
I give him my tucker? Didn’t I call
him my mate? Wasn’t that enough?

  I believe I’d ha’ hit him if he was big
enough, but I talked more than I had in
a year till we shook hands again. Then
we pegged out our acres, and Davie made
our Sunday duff that night for tea.

  Well, that’s how we found the Last
Look Mine.

  We got our reward claim, of course, in
addition to the one we pegged out, and
in a week ten thousand men were on the
ground. Creswick and Baird were regis-
tered partners in the warden’s office,
Creswick on the ground in charge as
resident manager with a full- crew to hold
it under the regulations, and Baird on
his way to Adelaide to float the company,
get capital, and buy machinery.

  When he came back three months later
with five teams tugging through the sand
he waved his new straw hat at me and
pointing to the wagons, yelled “ The bat-
tery, Creswick, old man.”

  We soon had the machinery up, and as
we had dug out piles of yellow-streaked
quartz by this time, very soon the first
“ tum-te-te-tum, tum-te-te-tum ” of the
Last Look battery was startling the crows
from the trees.

  “ I told Mary about my perish,” said
Davie, “ and she was feeling very blue
about that time and praying a lot, but I
suppose you don’t believe that had any-
thing to do with it.”

  “ I’ll believe anything,” I said, “ now.”
For it was Baird’s luck that made
him do that perish, Baird’s crazy dream
about his battery that brought him to
me, and something p’r’aps as crazy in
myself that made me agree to stick on to
462

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

that barren flat when all my prospecting
sense of twenty years said “ You’re a
damn fool, get on.”

  Baird, in his Assam silk suit the boys
used to guy, pottered round the machinery
shed day and night. He knew no more
about mechanics than a kitten does of
geology, but in a week he had pumped
Dan, the engineer, learned to run it him-
self, and knew every crank, valve, screw,
and nut.

  He did all the business, while I directed
the shifts. His interest in mining stopped
at the battery and what tlie battery
crushed out. He worried if the returns
dropped a pennyweight, and when the
machinery was stopped to clean up—and
the real old quiet came over the bush—he
looked unhappy.

  But the Last Look was like so many
Westralian leads, and soon began to peter
out. The jeweler’s shop of the first few
feet dwindled down to little threads dying
out in the quartz, looking mighty sick to
an old miner.

  The reports home began to cause
trouble, shares dropped, we needed cap-
ital for development, and it didn’t come,
and Davie began to worry, just like a
town chap.

  But I didn’t. I knew those reefs, and
had done fairly well out of this one, and
if I lost, some storekeeper would go
dividing mates with me and start me off
again.

  But Davie had never been broken in,
he never had a knock-out, besides I sup-
pose having a wife and girls ,does make
a difference.

  One day I dragged him off from where
he was moping around the shaft and
took him off for a prospect, like old times.
We walked about six miles far away from
the tents, neither saying a word, with our
eyes on the ground as usual, sometimes
stopping to feel the weight of a pebble
with our toes, when he stopped with his
old, listening look.

  “ It’s going again,” he said.

  “ It ain’t,” I answered. “ It ain’t
worth spending the water on the steam

for that low-grade ore, and Dan wouldn’t
start her without orders.”

  1 was watching him, and kriew he didn’t
mean our battery.

  “ You know what 1 mean,” he said.
“ It’s the one I heard before, not ours.”

  I didn’t get angry. I had learned to
respect David Baird. He was a man,
and I didn’t know everything. But I
was certain our battery had not been
started, and there could be no other.

  “ Can’t you hear it—can’t you hear
it?” said Davie.

  There was only one thing to hear be-
sides Davie’s voice—the dead, thick si-
lence of the bush—that silence that is so
heavy that sometimes it seems to shriek.
We both stood as still as the rocks, Davie
listening and me watching him.

  “ It’s stopped now. I heard it, though.
I heard it.”

  The way he said it made me feel queer.
We walked back, to camp, and I ques-
tioned Dan. The engine fires had been
out and not even a hammer raised in the
shed. When the men knocked off and
tumbled up from the shaft, the foreman
told us the quartz had died .out of the
diorite. We didn’t even have a reef now.

  Davie looked very white and troubled.
I gave orders to start a drive next day
to try and catch the underlay, and maybe
the reef would make again. We sat down
to tea. Davie had drunk one cup, when
he rose to his feet.

  “ There it is again—can’t you hear it,
can’t you?”

  He was all wrought up, with his face
flushed, and he caught hold of me and
shook me as though to make me hear it.
1 tried to, but heard nothing. He wanted
to go out, but I held him. I didn’t want
the men to see our manager like this. He
semed really crazy.

  “ Can’t you hear it? It’s louder than
ever?—tum-te-te-tum, tum-te-te-tum—”
In a flash I understood. I was pushing
him back into the tent, and I could feel
his heart beating hard against my hand,
and I remembered what his doctor had
said.
LUCK.

463

  “ Davie, old man,” I said, “ it’s the
beating of your own heart you’ve been
hearing all the time.”

  I should never have said it. I’ll al-
ways feel I killed him, for he just slipped
his hand under his shirt to feel for him-
self, tried to smile, and then dropped
down dead at my feet.

  His battery had stopped for good.

  We buried him next day. I picked out
the grave where we ended our last walk.

  I thought it all out, the weak heart
that raced with excitement or exertion,
the weak heart that was the plucky heart,
that hung on to what it wanted.

  We made a coffin out of packing cases,
and spread over it our only flag, the Aus-
tralian red ensign with the Southern
Cross, and six men carried him slowly
through the bush.

  As we came near the grave I heard
voices, and saw men running and picking
up sticks as they ran. The bearers began
to get fidgety. A man passed saying they

had struck a new reef, richer than the
Last Look.

  There was an excited crowd round the
grave where, a few feel below the subsoil,
the diggers had struck quartz, and their
shovels had scraped the gold till it shone.

  “ Boys,” I said, “I take possession of
this for the heirs of David Baird.”

  We didn’t bury him there, of course,
but on top of a big ironstone hill, with a
twisted tree for his monument, where his
wife and daughters came later and heard
the batteries of the new mine—the Beat-
ing Heart Mine—and I fancied Davie
himself was there listening, too.

  Some of the boys tried to jump the
claim on priority, but the warden at Cool-
gardie upheld me. Digging a grave was
mining, and besides I swore I pegged it
out first.

  I showed my pegs to prove it—jam-
tins stuck there in the night when I
crawled round like a black feller to do it,
to save the Beating Heart for my old
mate’s family.

SIXTY DAYS AFTER CHRISTMAS

          BY J. EDWARD TUFFT

T’HE little toy dog is without a hind leg, the excelsior sticks through his skin;

*	the little toy soldier is shorn of his head, and the paint is rubbed off of the
tin; the little toy drum has been mashed out of shape, and the little toy train is
a wreck; the Teddy-bear suffers from many a wound, while the Brownie has
broken his neck. The monkey that rapidly climbed up the string with all the
crude pride of his race has suffered the loss of his worthy right arm and fifty
per cent of his face; the new “ model builder ” has dwindled away till only three
bolts can be found; the blades of the knife have been notched like a saw, and
the whistle refuses to sound. The corners are chewed from “ The Days of the
Kings”; the kite has been lodged in a tree; the drawing - book, daubed from
beginning to end, is truly a wonder to see. The ball has rolled off of the face
of the earth; the bank is bereft of its door; the wheels have been pried from the
case of the watch, and are scattered about on the floor. One handle “ just
dropped ” off of mother’s new vase when Willie was home by himself, and
father’s new meerschaum “ just tumbled to bits ” when Willie was dusting the
shelf!
ATI-

7y Frank L. Packard

Author of "The Miracle Man,” "The Iron-Rider,” "The Beloved Traitor,” etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

THREE-ACE ARTIE, otherwise Arthur Leroy, otherwise and really Raymond Chapelle, renegade
descendant of one of the oldest families in French Canada, after cleaning out the Kid in Ton-
Nugget camp in the Yukon and returning his winnings secretly—the only decent thing he
could remember doing—is driven out of camp by the better element, headed by Murdock Shaw.
Full of bitterness, he starts for the village of St. Marleau in Lower Canada to give the dying mes-
sage of Canuck John (his only friend) to his parents. On the train he meets Father Aubert, a young
priest who is to be cure of the village temporarily. The latter is supposedly killed by a falling branch
in a storm as they approach the village. Raymond, who is going by the name of Henri Mentone,
goes for help, intercepts the drunken son of excommunicated Mother Blondin in the act of robbing
his mother, and in a furious battle the son is killed with his own revolver. Mother Blondin runs
for help yelling “Thief!” and “Murder!” and Raymond swiftly changes clothes with the priest in
order to escape. Just as he announces himself as “ Father Aubert ” to a girl with a lantern, he
fancies he sees the real priest’s body move.

    The wounded priest is taken to the presbytery, where Raymond is assisted by Valerie Lafleur,
the girl with the lantern, ahd her mother in making him comfortable. Raymond all but kills him
that night to close his lips, but something holds him back. Then, three days later, as he returns
from holding a burial service over Theophile Blondin, Valerie tells him that the supposed murderer
has recovered his speech.	/

    M. Dupont, assistant chief of the Tournayville police, and Dr. Arnaud examine the mart, and
Raymond soon discovers that his memory is completely gone. Dupont thinks that this “ Henri
Mentone ” is shamming. After a fight with himself, Raymond decides that the real priest must
escape. He goes to Mother Blondin’s and fights one Jacques Bourget as the cure; then changing to
overalls, as “ Pierre Desforges,” bribes Bourget to drive “ Mentone " to the railroad station so he
can thus get revenge on monsieur le cure for beating him up.

CHAPTER XV.

HOW HENRI MENTONE RODE.

IT was eight o’clock — the clock was
striking in the kitchen—as Raymond
entered the presbytere again. He
stepped briskly to the door of the front
room, opened it, and paused. No, before
going in there to wait it would be well
first to let Mme. Lafleur know that he
was back, to establish the fact that it

was after his return that the man had
escaped, that his evening walk could in
no way be connected with what would set
St. Marleau by the ears in the morning.

  And so he passed on to the dining-
room, which Mme. Lafleur used as a sit-
ting-room as well. She was sewing beside
the table-lamp.

  “ Always busy, madame! ” he called
out cheerily from the threshold. “ Well,
and has Mile. Valerie returned?”

This story began in the All-Story Weekly for February 10.

Copyrighted, 1917, by Frank L. Packard.
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

465

  “ Ah, it is you, monsieur le cure! ” she
exclaimed, dropping her work on her
knees. “ And did you enjoy your walk?
No, Valerie has not come back here yet,
though I am sure she must have got back
to her uncle’s by now. Did you want her
for anything, monsieur le cure—to write
letters? 1 can go over and tell her.”

  “ But, no—not at all!” said Raymond
hastily. He indicated the rear room.with
an inclination of his head. “ And our
pauvre there?”

  Mme. Lafleur's sweet, motherly face
grew instantly troubled.

  “ You can hear him tossing on the bed
for yourself, monsieur le cure. I have
just been in to see him. He has one of
his bad moods. He sa^d he wanted noth-
ing except to be left alone. But I think
he will soon be quiet. Poor man, he is
so weak he will be altogether exhausted
—it is only his mind that keeps him rest-
less.”

  Raymond nodded.

  “ It is a very sad affair,” he said slow-
ly, “ a very sad affair!” He lifted a fin-
ger and shook it playfully at Mme. La-
fieur. “ But we must think of you too—
eh? Do not work too late, madame! ”
She answered him seriously. “ Only to
finish this, monsieur le cure. See, it is an
altar-cloth—for next Sunday.” She held
it up. “ It is you who work too hard
and too late.”

  It was a cross on a satin background.
He stared at it. It had been hidden on
her lap before. He had not been think-
ing of—:a cross. For the moment, assured
of Henri Mentone’s escape, he had been
more light of heart than at any time since
he had come to St. Marleau; and, for the
moment, he had forgotten that he was a
meddler with holy things, that he was—
a priest of God!

  It seemed as though this were being
flaunted suddenly now as a jeering re-
minder before his eyes; and with it he
seemed as suddenly to see the chancel,
the altar of the church where the cloth
was to play its part—and himself kneel-
ing there—and, curse the vividness of it!

he heard his own. lips at their sacrilegious
work: “ Lavabo inter innocentes manus
meas: et circumdabo altare Tuum, Dom-
ine.” (I will wash my hands among the
innocent: and I will compass Thine al-
tar, O Lord.)

  And so he stared at this cross she held
before him, fighting to bring a pleased
and approving smile to the lips that
fought in turn for their right to snarl a
defiant mockery.

  “ Ah, you like it, monsieur le cure! ”
cried Mme. Lafleur happily. “ I am so
glad.”

  Raymond smiled for answer, and went
from the room.

  In the front room he lighted the lamp
upon his desk, and stood there looking
down at the two letters that still awaited
the signature of—Frangois Aubert. “ I
will wash my hands among the innocent ”
—he raised his hands, and they were
clenched into hard and knotted fists.

 Words! Words! They were only
words. And what did their damnable in-
sinuations matter to him? Others might
listen devoutly and believe, as he
mouthed them in his surplice and stole—
but for himself they were no more than
the mimicry of sounds issuing from a
parrot’s beak!

  It was absurd, then, that „they should
affect him at all. He would better laugh
and jeer at them, and all this holy en-
tourage with which he cloaked himself,
for these things were being made to serve
his own ends, were being turned to his
own account, and—it was Three-Ace Ar-
tie now, and he laughed hoarsely under
his breath—for once they were proving
of some real and tangible value! Mme.
Lafleur, and her cross, and her altar
cloth! He laughed again.

  Well, while she \vas busy with her
churchly task, that she no doubt fondly
believed would hurry her exit through the
purgatory to come, he would busy himself
a little in getting as speedily as possible
out of the purgatory of the present.

  These letters now. While he was wait-
ing, and there was an opportunity, he
466

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

would sign them. It would be easier to
say that he had decided not to make any
changes in them after all, than to have
new ones written and then have to find
another opportunity for signing the lat-
ter. He reached for the prayer-book to
make a tracing of the signature that was
on the fly-leaf—and suddenly drew back
his hand, and stood motionless, listening.

  From the road came the rumble of
Wheels. The sound grew louder. The
vehicle passed by the presbytere, going in
the direction of Tournayville. The sound
died away.

  Still Raymond listened even more in-
tently than before. Jacques Bourget did
not own the only horse and wagon in St.
Marleau, but Bourget was to turn around
a little way down the road, and return to
the church.

  A minute, two passed, another; and
then Raymond caught the sound of a
wheel-tire rasping and grinding against
the body of a wagon, as though the latter
were being turned in a narrow space—
then presently the rattle of wheels again,
coming back now toward the church. And
now by the church he heard the wagon
turn in from the road.

  Raymond relaxed from his strained at-
titude of attention. Jacques Bourget, it
was quite eyident, intended to earn the
balance of his money! Well, for a word,
then, between Pierre Desforges and
Jacques Bourget—pending the time that
Mme. Lafleur and her altar-cloth should
go to bed. The letters could wait.

  He moved stealthily and slowly across
the room. Mme. Lafleur must not hear
him leaving the house. He would be
gone only a minute—just to warn Bour-
get to keep very quiet, and to satisfy the
man that everything was going well. He
could strip off his soutane and leave it
under the porch.

  Cautiously he opened the door, an inch
at a time that it might not creak, and
stepped out into the hall on tiptoe—and
listened. Mme. Lafleur’s rocking-chair
squeaked back and forth reassuringly.
She had perhaps had enough of her altar-

cloth for a while. How could one do fine
needlework—and rock? And why that
fanciful detail to flash across his mind?

  And—his face was suddenly set, his
lips tight-drawn together—what was this?
These footsteps that had made no sound
in crossing the green, but were quick and
heavy upon the porch outside? He drew
back upon the threshold of his room.

  And then the front door was thrust
open, and in the doorway was M. Du-
pont, the assistant chief of the Tournay-
ville police, and behind him was another
man, and behind the man was—yes—
it was Valerie!

  “ Tiens! ’Cre nom d’tin chien! ”
clucked M. Dupont. “ Ha, monsieur le
cure, you heard us—eh? But you did
not hear us until we were at the door—
and a man posted at the back of the
house by that window there, eh? No,
you did not hear us. Well, we have
nipped the little scheme in the bud, eh?”

  Dupont knew! Raymond’s hand tight-
ened on the door jamb—and, as once be-
fore, his other hand crept in under his
crucifix, and under the breast of his sou-
tane to his revolver.

  “ I do not understand ”—he spoke de-
liberately, gravely. “ You speak of a
scheme, M. Dupont? I do not under-
stand.”

  “Ah, you do not understand!”—Du-
pont’s face screwed up into a cryptic
smile. “ No, of course you do not under-
stand! Well, you will in a moment. But
first we will attend to M. Henri Mentone!
Now, then, Marchant ” — he addressed
his companion, and pointed to the rear
room—“ that room in there, and hand-
cuff him to you. You had better stay
where you are, monsieur le cure. Come
along, Marchand!”

  Dupont and his companion ran into
Henri Mentone’s room. Raymond heard
Mme. Lafleur cry out in sudden conster-
nation. It was echoed by a cry in Henri
Mentone’s voice. But he was looking at
Valerie, who had stepped into the hall.
She was very pale.

  What had she to do with this? What
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

467

did it mean? Had she discovered him,
and—no, Dupont would not have rushed
away in that case, but then—

  His lips moved:

  “You—Valerie?” How very pale she
•was—and how those dark eyes, deep with
something he could not fathom, sought
his face, only to be quickly veiled by
their long lashes.

  “ Do not look like that, monsieur le
cure—as though I had done wrong,” she
said in a low, hurried tone. “ I am sorry
for the man too; but the police were to
have taken him away to-morrow morning
in any case. And if I went for M. Du-
pont to-night, it.was—”

  “ You went for M. Dupont?”—he re-
peated her words dazedly, as though he
had not heard aright. “It was you who
brought Dupont here just now—from
Tournayville? But—but, I do not under-
stand at all!”

  “ Valerie! Valerie! ” — Mme. Lafleur,
pale and excited, rushed to her daugh-
ter’s side. “Valerie, speak quickly!
What are they doing? What does all this
mean?”

  Valerie’s arm stole around her mother.
“ I—I was just telling Father Aubert,
mother,” she said, a little tremulously.
“ You—you must not be nervous. See,
it was like this. You had just taken the
man for a little walk about the green this
afternoon—you remember? When I
came out of the house a few minutes later
to join you, I saw what I thought looked
like some money sticking out from one
end of a folded-up piece of paper that
was lying on the grass just at the bottom
of the porch steps. I was sure, of course,
that it was only a trick my imagination
was playing me, but I stooped down and
picked it up. It was money, a great deal
of money, andlhere was writing on the
paper. I read it, and then I was afraid.
It was from some friend of that man’s in
there, and was a plan for him to make
his escape to-night.”

  “ Escape!”—Mme. Lafleur drew closer
to her daughter as she glanced apprehen-
sively toward the rear room.

  Dupont’s voice floated menacingly out
into the hall—came a gruff oath from his
companion—the sound of a chair over-
turned — and Henri Mentone’s cry,
pitched high.

  In a curiously futile way Raymond’s
hand dropped from the breast of his sou-
tane to his side. Valerie and her mother
seemed to be swirling around in circles in
the hall- before him. He forced himself
to speak naturally:

  “ And then?”

  Valerie’s eyes were on her mother.

  “ I did not want.to alarm you, mother,”
she went on rapidly; “ and so I told you
I was going for a drive. I ran to uncle’s
house. He was out somewhere. I could
go as well as any one, and if Henri Men-
tone had a friend lurking somewhere in
the village there would be nothing to
arouse suspicion in a girl driving alone;
and, besides, I did not know who this
friend might be, and I did not know
■whom to trust. I told old Adele that I
wanted to go for a drive, and she helped
me to harness the horse.”

  And now, as Raymond listened, those
devils that had chuckled and screeched
as the lumpy earth had thudded down on
the lid of Theophile Blondin’s coffin,
were at their hell-carols again. It was
not just luck, just the unfortunate turn
of a card that the man had dropped the
money and the note. It was more than
that. It seemed to hold a grim, signifi-
cant premonition—for the future.

  Those devils did well to chuclde! Strug-
gle as he would, they had woven their net
too cunningly for his escape.

  It was those devils who had torn his
coat that night in the storm, as he had
tried to force his way through the woods.
It was his coat that Henri Mentone was
wearing. He remembered now that the
lining of the pocket on the inside had
been ripped across. It was those devils
who had seen to that—for this—know-
ing what was to come. A finger seemed
to wag with hideous jocularity before his
eyes—the finger of fate.

  He looked at Valerie. It was nothing
468

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

for her to have driven to Tournayville,
she had probably done it a hundred times
before; but it seemed a little strange that
Henri Mentone’s possible escape should
have been, apparently, so intimate and
personal a matter to her.

  “ You were afraid, you said, Mile. Va-
lerie,” he said slowly. “ Afraid—that he
would escape?”

  She shook her head — and the color
mounted suddenly in her face.

  “ Of what, then?” he asked.

  “-Of what was in the note,” she said
in a low voice. “ I knew I had time, for
nothing was to be done until the presby-
ter e was quiet for the night; but the plan
then was to—to put you out of the way,
and—”

  His voice was suddenly hoarse.

  “ And you were afraid—for me? It
was for me that you have done this?”

  She did not answer. The color was
still in her cheeks—her eyes were lowered.

  “The blessed saints!” cried Mme. La-
fleur, crossing herself. “ The devils!
They would do harm to Father Aubert!
Well, I am sorry for that man no longer!
He—”

  They were coming along the hall—
Henri Mentone handcuffed to Dupont’s
companion, and Dupont himself in the
rear.

  “Monsieur le cure!" Henri Mentone
called out wildly. “ Monsieur le cure, do
not—”

 “Enough! Hold your tongue!”
snapped Dupont, giving the man a push
past Raymond toward the front door.
“ Do you appeal to monsieur le cure be-
cause he has been good to you—or be-
cause you intended to knock him on the
head to-night? Bah! Hurry him along,
Marchand!” Dupont paused before Va-
lerie and her mother. “You will do me
a favor, mesdames? A very great favor
—yes? You will retire instantly to bed—
instantly. I have my reasons. Yes, that
is right—go at once.” He turned to Ray-
mond. “ And you, monsieur le cure, you
will wait for me here, eh? Yes, you will
wait. I will be back on the instant.”

  The hall was empty. In a subcon-
scious sort of way Raymond stepped back
into his room, and reaching the desk,
stood leaning heavily against it. His
brain would tolerate no single coherent
thought. Valerie had done this for fear
of harm to him, Valerie had—there was
Jacques Bourget who if he attempted
now to—it was no wonder that Henri
Mentone had been restless all evening,
knowing that he had lost the note, and
not daring to question—the day after to-
morrow there was to be a trial at the
criminal assizes- Valerie had not met his
eyes, but there had been the crimson
color in her face, and she had done this
to save him — were they still laughing,
those hell-devils—were they now engaged
in making Valerie love him, and making
her torture her soul, because she was so
pure that no thought* could strike her
more cruelly than that love should come
to her for a priest?

  Ah, his brain was logical now! His
hands clenched, and unclenched, and
clenched again. Impotent fury was upon
him.

  If it were true! Damn them to the
everlasting place from whence they came!
But it was not true! It was but another
trick of theirs to make him writhe the
more—to make him believe she cared!

  A footstep! He looked up. Dupont
was back.

  “ Tiens! ” he cried. “ Well, you have
had an escape, monsieur le cure! An
escape! Yes, you have! But I do not
take all the credit. No, I do not. She is
a fine girl, that Valerie Lafleur. If she
were a man she would have a career—
with the police. I would see to it! But
you do not know yet what it is all about,
monsieur le cure, eh?”

  “ There was a note and money that
Mile. Valerie said she found ”—Ray-
mond’s voice was steady, composed.

  “ Zut! ” M. Dupont laid his forefinger
along the side of his nose impressively.
“ That is the least of it! There is an ac-
complice—two of them in it! You would
not have thought that, eh, monsieur le
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.	m

$

cure? No, you would not. Very well,
then—listen! I have this Mentone safe,
and now I, Dupont, will give this accom-
plice a little surprise. There will be the
two of them at the trial for the murder of
Theophile Blondin! The grand jury is
still sitting. You understand, monsieur
le cure? Yes? You are listening?”

  “ I am listening,” said Raymond
giavely — and instinctively glanced to-
ward the window. It might still have
been Jacques Bourget who had turned
down there on the road; or, if not, then
the man would be along at any minute.
In either case, he must find some way to
warn Bourget. “Iam listening, M. Du-
pont,” he said again. “ You propose to
lay a trap for this accomplice?”

   “ It is already laid,” announced M.
 Dupont complacently. “ They will dis-
 cover with whom they are dealing! I re-
 turned at once with Mile. Valerie. I
 brought two men with me; but you will
 observe, monsieur le cure, that I did not
 bring two teams—nothing to arouse sus-
 picion—nothing to indicate that I was
 about to remove our friend Mentone to-
 night. It would be a very simple matter
 to secure a team here when I was ready
 ... for it. You see, monsieur le cure? Yes,
 you see. Very well! My plans worked
 without a hitch.

   “Just as we approached the church we
 met a man named Jacques Bourget driv-
 ing alone in a buckboard. Nothing could
 be better. It was excellent. I stopped
 him. I requisitioned him and his horse
 and his wagon in the name of the law. I
 made him turn around, and told him to
 follow us back here after a few minutes.
 You see, monsieur le cure? Yes, you see.
 M. Jacques Bourget is now cm his way to
 Toumayville with one of my officers and
 the prisoner.”

   Raymond’s fingers were playing non-
 chalantly with the chain of his crucifix.
 Raymond’s face was unmoved. It was
 really funny, was it not? No wonder
 those denizens of hell were shrieking with
 abandoned glee in his ears. This time
 they had a right to be amused. It was

 really very funny—that Jacques Bourget
 should be driving Henri Mentone away
 from St. Marleau! Well, now—what?

  “ You are to be congratulated, M. Du-
pont,” he murmured. “ But the accom-
plice—the other one, who is still at
large?”

  “Ah, the other one!” said Dupont,
and laid his hand confidentially on Ray-
mond’s arm. “ The other—heh, mon
Dieu, monsieur le cure, but you wear
heavy clothes for the summertime1.”

  It was the bulk of the sacristan’s old
coat! There was a smile in Raymond’s
eyes, a curious smile, as he searched the
other’s face. One could never be sure
of M. Dupont.

  “ A coat always under my soutane in
the evenings ’’—Raymond’s voice was
tranquil, and be did not withdraw his
arm.

  “A coat—yes—of course!” Dupont
nodded his head. “ Why not? Well
then, the other—listen. All has been
done very quietly. No alarm raised.
None at all! I have sent Mme. Lafleur
and her daughter to bed. The plan was
that the accomplice should come to the
back window for Mentone. But they
would not make the attempt until late- -
until all in the village was quiet. That
is evident, is it not? Yes, it is evident.
Very good! You sleep here in this room,
monsieur le cure? Yes? Well, you, too,
will put out your light and retire at once.

  “ I will go into Mentone’s room, and
wait there in the dark for our other friend
to come to the window. I will be Henri
Mentone. You see? Yes, you see. It
is simple, is it not? Yes, it is simple.
Before morning 1 will have the man in a
cell alongside of Henri Mentone. Do
you see any objections to the plan, mon-
sieur le cure?”

  “ Only that it might prove very dan-
gerous—for you,” said Raymond soberly.
“ If the man, who is certain to be a des-
perate character, attacked you before
you—”

  “ Dangerous? Bah! ” exclaimed M.
Dupont. “ That is part 0l" my business.
470

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

I do not consider that! I have my other
officer outside there now by the shed. As
soon as the man we are after approaches
the window, the officer will leap upon him
and overpower him. And now, monsieur
le cure, to bed—eh? And the light out!’’
“At once!” agreed Raymond. “And

I	wish you every success, M. Dupont!
If you need help you can call; or, if you
like, I will stay in there with you.”

  “ No, no—not at all!” Dupont moved
toward the door. “ It is not necessary.
Nothing can go wrong. We may have to
wait well through the night, and there is
no reason why you should remain up,
too. Tiens! Fancy! Imagine! Did I
not tell you that Mentone was a hardened
rascal? Two of them! Well, we will see
if the second one can remember any bet-
ter than the first! The light, monsieur
le cure—do not forget! He will not
come while there is a sound or a light
about the house!” Dupont waved his
hand, and the door closed on him.

  Raymond, still leaning against the
desk, heard the other walk along the hall,
and enter the rear room — and then all
was quiet. He leaned over and blew out
the lamp. Nothing m.ust be allowed to
frustrate M. Dupont’s plans!

  And then, in the darkness, for a long
time Raymond stood there. And think-
ing of Dupont’s dangerous vigil in the
other room, he laughed; and thinking of
Valerie, he knew a bitter joy; and think-
ing of Henri Mentone, his hands knotted
at his sides, and his face grew strained
and drawn.

  And after that long time was past he
fumbled with his hands outstretched be-
fore him like a blind man feeling his way,
and flung himself down upon the couch.

CHAPTER XVI.

“ FOR THE MURDER OF —”

THEY sat on two benches by them-
selves, the witnesses in the trial of
Henri Mentone for the murder of
Theophile Blondin. On one side of Ray-

mond was Valerie, on the other was
•Mother Blondin; and there was Labbee,
the station-agent, and M. Dupont, and
Dr. Arnaud.

  On the other bench were several of the
villagers, and two men Raymond did not
know, and another man, a crown sur-
veyor, who had just testified to the dif-
ference in time and distance from the sta-
tion to Mme. Blondin’s as between the
road and the path—‘thus establishing for
the prosecution the fact that by following
the path there had been ample oppor-
tunity for the crime to have been com-
mitted by one who had left the station
after the cure had already started toward
the village and yet still be discovered by
the cure on the road near the tavern.

  The counsel appointed by the court
for the defense had allowed the testimony
to go unchallenged. It was obvious. It
did not require a crown surveyor to an-
nounce the fact—even an urchin from St.
Marleau was already aware of it. The
villagers, too, had testified. They had
testified that Mme. Blondin had come
running into the village screaming out
that her son had been murdered; and
that they had gone back with her to her
house and had found the dead body lying
on the floor.

  It was stiflingly hot in the court-room;
and it was crowded to its last available
inch of space. There were many there
from Tournayville—but there was all of
St. Marleau. It was St. Marleau’s own
and particular affair. Since early morn-
ing Raymond had seen and heard
vehicles of all descriptions rattling past
the presbytere, the occupants dressed in
their Sunday clothes. It was a jour de
fete. St. Marleau did not every day
have a murder of its own! The fields
were deserted; only the very old and the
children had not come.

  They were not all in the room, for
there was not place for them all—those
who had not been on hand at the open-
ing of the doors had been obilged to con-
tent themselves with gathering outside to
derive what satisfaction they could from
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

471

their proximity to the fateful events that
were transpiring within.

  They had at least seen the prisoner led
handcuffed from the jail that adjoined
the court-house, and had been rewarded
to the extent of being able to view with
bated breath and intense interest people
they had known all their lives, such as
Valerie, and Mother Blondin, and the
more privileged of their fellows who had
been chosen as witnesses, as these latter
disappeared inside the building.

  Raymond’s eyes roved around the
court-room, and rested upon the judge
upon the bench. His first glance, taken
at the moment the judge had entered the
room, had brought a certain, quick re-
lief. Far from severity, the white-haired
man sitting there in his black gown had
a kindly, genial face. He found his first
impressions even strengthened now.

  His eyes passed on to the crown prose-
cutor; and here, too, he found cause for
reassurance. The man was middle-aged,
shrewd-faced, and somewhat domineer-
ing. He was crisp, incisive, and had been
even unnecessarily blunt and curt in his
speech and manner so far—he was not
one who would enlist the sympathy of a
jury.

  On the other hand — Raymond’s eyes
shifted again, to hold on the clean-cut,
smiling face of the prisoner’s counsel.
Lemoyne, that was the lawyer’s name he
had been told, was young, pleasant-
voiced, magnetic. Raymond experienced
a sort of grim admiration, as he looked
at this man. No one in the court-room
knew better than Lemoyne the hopeless-
ness of his case, and yet he sat there con-
fident, smiling, undisturbed.

  Raymond’s eyes sought the floor. It
was a foregone conclusion that the verdict
would be “ guilty.” There was not a
loophole for defense. But they would
not hang the man. He clung to that.
Lemoyne could at least fight for his life.
They would not hang a man who could
not remember.

  They had beaten him, Raymond, night
before last; and at first he had been like

a man stunned with the knowledge that
his all was on the table and that the
cards in his hand were worthless — and
then had come a sort of philosophical
calm, the gambler’s optimism—the hand
was still to be played. They would sen-
tence Mentone for life, and—well, there
was time enough in a lifetime for another
chance.

  Somehow — in some way — he did not
know how—but in some way he would see
that there was another chance. He
would not desert the man.

  Again he raised his eyes, but this time
as though against his will, as though they
were impelled and drawn in spite of him-
self across the room. That was Ray-
mond Chapelle, alias Arthur Leroy, alias
Three-Ace Artie, alias Henri Mentone,
sitting there in the prisoner’s box; at
least, that gaunt, thin-faced, haggard man
there was dressed in Raymond Chapelle’s
clothes—and he, Francois Aubert, the
priest, the cure, in his soutane, with his
crucifix around his neck, sat here among
the witnesses at the trial of Raymond
Chapelle, who had killed Theophile Blon-
din in the fight that night.

  One would almost think the man knew!
How his eyes burned into him, how they
tormented and plagued him! They were
sad, those eyes, pitiful—they were help-
less—they seem'ed to seek him out as the
only friend among all these bobbing
heads, and these staring, gaping faces.

  “ Marcien Labbee!” the clerk’s voice
snapped through the court-room. He was
a fussy and important little man, who
puffed his cheeks in and out, and clawed
at his white side-whiskers.

  The station-agent rose from the bench,
entered the witness box, and was sworn.

  With a few crisp questions the crown
prosecutor established the time of the
train’s arrival, and the fact that the cure
and another man had got off at the sta-
tion. The witness explained that the cure
had started to walk toward the village
before the other man appeared on the
platform.

  “ And this other man ” — the crown
472

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

prosecutor whirled sharply around, and
pointed toward Henri Mentone — “ do
you recognize him as the prisoner at the
bar?”

  Labbee shook his head.

  “ It was very dark,” he said. “ I could
not swear to it.”

  “ His general appearance, then? His
clothes? They correspond with what you
remember of the man?”

  “ Yes,” Labbee answered. “ There is
no doubt of that.”

  “ And as I understand it, you told the
man that monsieur le cure had just
started a moment before, and that if he
went at once he would have company on
the walk to the village?”

  “ Yes.”

  11	What did he say?”

  “ He said that he was not looking for
that kind of company.”

  There was a sudden, curious, restrained
movement through the court-room; and,
here and there, a villager, with pursed
lips, nodded his head. It was quite evi-
dent to those from St. Marleau at least
that such as Henri Mentone would not
care for the company of their cure.

  “ You gave the man directions as to
the short cut to the village?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ You may tell the court and the gen-
tlemen of the jury what w’as said then.'’
Labbee, who had at first appeared a
little nervous, now7 pulled down his vest,
and looked around him with an air of
importance.

  “ I told him that the path came out
at the tavern. When I said ‘ tavern,’ he
was at once very interested. I thought
then it was because he was glad to know
there was a place to stay—it was such a
terrible night, you understand? So I
told him it was only a name we gave it,
and that it was no place for one to go.
I told him it was kept by an old woman,
who was an excommuniee, and who made
whisky on the sly, and that her son
was—”

  “Miserable!”—it was Mother Blon-
din, in a furious scream. Her eyes, under

her matted gray hair, glared fiercely at
Labbee.

  “Silence!” roared the clerk of the
court, leaping to his feet.

 Raymond’s hand closed over the
clenched, bony fist that Mother Blondin
had raised, and gently lowered it to her
lap.

  “ He will do you no harm, Mme. Blon-
din,” he whispered reassuringly. “ And
see, you must be careful, or you will get
into serious trouble.”

  Her hand trembled with passion in his,
but she did not draw it away. It was
strange that she did not! It was strange
that he felt pity for her wh^n so much
was at stake, when pity was such a trivial
and inconsequent thing! This was a
murder trial, a trial for the killing of this
woman’s son. It was strange that he
should be holding the mother’s hand, and
—it was Raymond who drew his hand
away. He clasped it over his other one
until the knuckles grew white.

 “ And then?” prompted the crown
prosecutor.

  “ And then, I do not remember how it
came about,” Labbee continued, “ he
spoke of Mme. Blondin having money—
enough to buy out any one around there.
I said it was true, that it was the gossip
that she had made a lot, and that she
had a well-filled stocking hidden away
somewhere.”

  “ Crapule!” Mother Blondin’s voice,
if scarcely audible this time, had lost
none of its fury.

  The clerk contented himself with a
menacing gesture toward his own side-
whiskers. The crown prosecutor paid no
attention to the interruption.

  “ Did the man give any reason for
coming to St. Marleau?”

  “ None.”

  “ Did you ask him how long he in-
tended to remain?”

  “ Yes; he said he didn’t know.”

  “ He had a traveling bag with him?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ This one?”—the crown prosecutor
held up Raymond’s traveling bag.
THE , SIN THAT WAS HIS.

473

  “ I cannot say,” Labbee replied. “ It
was too dark on the platform.”

  “ Quite so! But it was of a size suffi-
cient, in your opinion, to cause the man
inconvenience in carrying it in such a
storm, so you offered to have it sent over
with monsieur le cure’s trunk in the
morning?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ What did he say?”

“ He said he could carry it all right.”
“ He started off, then, with the bag
along the road toward St. Marleau?”

  “ Yes.”

  The crown prosecutor glanced in-
quiringly toward the prisoner’s counsel.
The latter shook his head.

  “ You may step down, M. Labbee,”
directed the crown prosecutor. “ Call
Mme. Blondin!”

  There was a stir in the court-room now.
Heads craned forward as the old woman
shuffled across the floor to the witness-
box. Mother Blondin was quite capable
of anything — even of throwing to the
ground the holy Book upon which the
clerk -would swear her!

  Mother Blondin, however, did nothing
of the sort. She gripped at the edge of
the witness-box, mumbling at the clerk,
and all the while straining her eyes
through her steel-bowed spectacles at the
prisoner across the room. And then her
lips began to work curiously, her face to
grow contorted—and suddenly the court-
room was in an uproar. She was shaking
both scrawny fists at Henri Mentone, and
screaming at the top of her voice.

  “ That is the man! That is the man! ’’
—her voice became ungovernable, in-
sensate, it rose shrilly, it broke, it rose
piercingly again. “That is the man!
The law! The law! I demand the law
on him! He killed my son! He did it!
I tell you, he did it! He—”

  Chairs and benches wyere scraping on
the floor. Little cries of nervous terror
came from the women; involuntarily men
stood up the better to look at both
Mother Blondin and the accused. It was
a sensation! It was something to talk

about in St. Marleau over the stoves in
the coming winter. It was something of
which nothing was to be missed.

  “Order! Silence! Order!” bawled
the clerk.

  Valerie had caught at Raymond’s
sleeve. He did not look at her. He was
looking at Henri Mentone — at the look
of dumb horror on the man’s face — and
then at a quite different figure in the pris-
oner’s dock, whose head was bent down
until it could scarcely be seen, and whose
face was covered by his hands. He tried
to force a grim complacence into his soui.

  It was absolutely certain that he had
nothing to fear from the trial. Nothing!
The other Henri Mentone, the other
priest, was answering for the killing of
that night, and—who was this speaking?
The crown prosecutor? He had not
thought the man could be so suave and
gentle.

  “ Try to calm yourself, Mme. Blon-
din. You have a perfect right to demand
the punishment of the law upon the mur-
derer of your son, and that is what we
are here for now, and that is why 1
want you to tell us just as quietly as pos-
sible what happened that night.”

  “Everybody knows what happened!”
she snarled at him. “ He killed my son! ”

  “ How did he kill your son?” inquired
the crown prosecutor, with a sudden,
crafty note of skepticism in his voice.
“ How do you know he did?”

  “I saw him! I tell you I saw him!
I heard my son shout ‘ voleur ’ and cry
for help ” — Mother Blondin’s words
would not come fast enough now. “ I
was in the back room. When I opened
the door he was fighting my son. He
tried to steal my money. Some of it
was on the floor. My son cried for help
again. I ran and got a stick of wood.
My son tried to get his revolver from the
armoire. This man got it away from him.
I struck the man on the head with the
wood, then he shot my son, and I ran out
for help.”

  “ And you positively identify the pris-
oner as the man who shot your son?”
474

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Yes, yes! Have I not told you so
often enough?”

  “ And this ” — the crown prosecutor
handed her a revolver—“ do you identify
this?”

  “Yes; it was my son’s.”

  “ You kept your money in 'a hiding
place, Mme. Blondin, 1 understand—in
a hollow between two of the logs in the
wall of the room? Is that so?”

  “Yes; it is so!” Mother Blondin’s
voice grew shrill again. “ But I will find
a better place for it, if I ever get it back
again. The police are as great thieves as
that man! They took it from him, and
now they keep it from me! ”

  “ It is here, Mme. Blondin,” said the
lawyer soothingly, opening a large en-
velope. “ It will be returned to you
after the trial. How much was there?”

  “ I know very well how much! ” she
shrilled out suspiciously. “ You can-
not cheat me! I know! There were all
my savings, years of savings—there was
more than five hundred dollars.”

  A little gasp went around the court-
room. Five hundred dollars! It was a
fortune! Gossip, then, had not lied—it
had been outdone!

  “ Now this hiding-place, Mme. Blon-
din—you had never told any one about
it? Not even your son?”

  “ No.”

  “ It would seem, then, that this man
must have known about it in some way.
Had you been near it a short time
previous to the fight?”

  “ I told you I had, didn’t I? I told
M. Dupont all that once.” Mother Blon-
din was growing unmanageable again,
“ I went there to put some money in not
five minutes before I heard my son call
for help.”

  “ Your son, then, was not in the room
when you went to put this money away?”
“ No; of course, he wasn’t! I have
told that to M. Dupont, too. I heard
him coming down-stairs just as I left the
room.”

  “ That is all, Mme. Blondin, thank you,
unless—” The crown prosecutor turned

again inquiringly toward the counsel for
the defense.

  Lemoyne rose, and, standing by his
chair without approaching the witness-
box, took a small penknife from his pocket
and held it up.

  “ Mme. Blondin,” he said gently, “ will
you tell me what I am holding in my
hand?”

  Mother Blondin squinted, set her
glasses further on her nose, and shook
her head.

  “ I do not know,” she said.

  “ You do not see very well, Mme.
Blondin ? ’ ’—sympathetically.

  “What is it you have got there—eh?
What is it?” she demanded sharply.

  Lemoyne restored the penknife to his
pocket and smiled.

  “ It is a penknife, Mme. Blondin—one
of my own. An object that any one
would recognize—unless one did not see
very well. Are you quite sure, Mme.
Blondin—quite sure on second thoughts
—that you see well enough to identify
the prisoner so positively as the man who
was fighting with your son?”

  The jury, with quick, meaning glances
at one another, with a new interest, leaned
forward in their seats. There was a tense
moment—a sort of bated silence in the
court-room. And then, as Mother Blon-
din answered, some one tittered audibly,
the spell was broken, the point made by
the defense swept away, turned even into
a weapon against itself.

  “If you will give me a stick of wood
and come closer, close enough so that I
can hit you over the head with it,” said
Mother Blondin, and cackled viciously,
“ you will see how well I can see!”

  Mme. Blondin stepped down.

  And then there came upon Raymond
a thrill, a weakness, a quick tightening
of his muscles. The clerk had called his
name. He walked mechanically to the
witness-stand. It was coming now. He
must be on his guard. But he had
thought out everything very carefully,
and—no, almost before he knew it, he
was back in his seat again. He bad been
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

475

asked only if he had followed the road
all the way from the station, to describe
how he had found the man, and to iden-
tify the prisoner as that man.

   He was to be recalled. Lemoyne had
not asked him a single question.

   “Mile. Valerie Lafleur!” called the
 ' clerk.

   “ Oh, monsieur le cure!" she whispered
 tremulously. “ I—I do not want to go.
 It—it is such a terrible thing to have to
 say anything that would help to send a
 man to death—I—”

   “Mile. Valerie Lafleur!” snapped the
 clerk. “ Will the witness have the good-
 ness to—”

   Raymond did not hear her testimony;
 he knew only that she, too, identified the
 man as the one she had seen lying un-
 conscious in the road, and that the note
 she had found was read and placed in
 evidence—in his ears, like a dull, con-
 stant dirge, were those words of hers with
 which she had left him—“ it is such a
 terrible thing to have to say anything
 that would help to send a man to death.”
 Who was it that was sending the man
 to death? Not he! He had tried to save
 the man. It wasn’t death, anyway. The
 man’s guilt would appear obvious, of
 course—Lemoyne, the lawyer, could not
 alter that; but he had still faith in Le-
 moyne. Lemoyne would make his de-
 fense on the man’s condition. Lemoyne
 would come to that.

   “ My son!” croaked old Mother Blon-
 din fiercely at his side. “ My son! What
 I know, I know! But the law—the law
 on the man who killed my son!”

   “Pull yourself togther, you fool!”
rasped that inner voice. “ Do you want
everybody in the court-room staring at
you? Listen to the incomparable Du-
pont telling how clever he was!”

   Yes, Dupont was on the stand now.
Dupont was testifying to finding the re-
volver and money in the prisoner’s pock-
ets. He verified the amount. Dupont
had his case at his fingers’ tips, and he
sketched it, with an amazing conciseness
for M. Dupont, from the moment he had

 been notified of the crime up to the time
 of the attempted escape. He was con-
 vinced that, in spite of all precautions,
 the prisoner’s accomplice had taken alarm
 -—since he, Dupont, had sat the night in
 the room waiting for the unknown’s ap-
 pearance, and neither he nor his deputy,
 who had remained until daylight hiding
 in the shed where he could watch the
 prisoner’s window, had seen or heard any-
 thing.

  On cross-examination he admitted that
pressure had been brought to bear upon
the prisoner in an effort to trip the man
up in his story, but that the prisoner had
unswervingly held to the statement that
he could remember nothing.

  The voices droned through the court-
room. It was Dr. Arnaud now, identify-
ing the man. They were always identi-
fying the man! Why did not he, the
saintly cure of St. Marleau—no, it was
Three-Ace Artie—why did not he, Three-
Ace Artie, laugh outright in all their
faces? It was not hard to identify the
man. He had seen to that very thor-
oughly, more thoroughly than even he
had imagined that night in the storm
when all the devils of hell were loosed to
shriek around him, and he had changed
clothes with a dead man.

  A dead man—yes, that was the way it
should have been! Did he not remember
how limply the man’s neck and head
wagged on his shoulders, and how the
body kept falling over in grotesque atti-
tudes instead of helping him to get its
clothes off? Only the dead man had
come-to life!

  That was the man over there inside that
box with the little wood-turned decora-
tions all around the railing—no, he
wouldn’t look—but that man there who
was the color of soiled chalk, and whose
eyes, with the hurt of a dumb beast in
them, kept turning constantly in this di-
rection, over here, here where the wit-
nesses sat.

  “Dr. Arnaud ”—it was the counsel for
the defense speaking, and suddenly Ray-
mond was listening with strained atten-
476

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

tionr—“you have attended the prisoner
from the night he was found unconscious
in the road until the present time?”

  “ Yes, monsieur.”

  “ You have heard me in cross-examina-
tion ask Mile. Lafleur and M. Dupont if
at any time during this period the pris-
oner, by act, manner, or word, swerved
from his statement that he could remem-
ber nothing, either of the events of that
night, or of prior events in his life. You
have heard both of these witnesses testify
that he had not done so. I will ask you
now if you are in a position to corrobor-
ate their testimony?”

  “ I am,” replied Dr. Arnaud. “ He
has said nothing else, to my knowledge.”
“ Then, doctor, in your professional
capacity, will you kindly tell the court
and the gentlemen of the jury whether
or not loss of memory could result from
a blow upon the head?”

  “ It could—certainly,” stated Dr. Ar-
naud. “ There is no doubt of that, but
it depends on the—”

  “ Just a moment, doctor, if you please;
we will come to that ” — Lemoyne, as
Raymond knew well that Lemoyne him-
self was fully aware, was treading on thin
and perilous ice, but on Lemoyne’s lips,
as he interrupted, was an engaging smile.
“ This loss of memory, now. Will you
please help us to understand just what
it means? Take a hypothetical case.
Could a man, for example, read and write,
do arithmetic, say, appear normal in all
other ways, and still have lost the mem-
ory of his name, his parents, his friends,
his home, his previous state?”

  “ Yes,” said Dr. Arnaud. “ That is
quite true. He might lose the memory
of all those things, and still retain every-
thing he has acquired by education.”

  “ That is a medical fact?”

  “ Yes, certainly, it is a well-known
medical fact.”

  “ And is it not also a medical fact, doc-
tor, that this condition has been known
to have been caused by a blow—I will
not say slight, for that would be mislead-
ing—but by a blow that did not even

cause a wound; and I mean by a wound
a gash, a cut, or the tearing of the flesh?”
“Yes; that, too, is so.”

  Lemoyne paused. He looked at Henri
Mentone, and suddenly it seemed as
though a world of sympathy and pity
were in his face. He turned and looked
at the jury—at each one of the tw'elve
men, but almost as though he did not
see them. There was a mist in his eyes.
It was silent again in the court-room.
His voice was low and grave as he spoke
again.

  “ Dr. Arnaud, are you prepared to
state professionally under oath that it is
impossible that the blow received by the
prisoner at the bar should have caused
him to lose his memory?”

  “ No.” Dr. Arnaud shook his head.
“ No; I would not say that.”

  Lemoyne’s voice was still grave.

  “ You admit, then, that it is possible?”
  The doctor hesitated.

  “ Yes,” he said. “ It is possible, of
course.”

  “ That is. all, doctor.” Lemoyne sat
down.

  “One moment!”—the crown prosecu-
tor, crisp, curt, incisive, was on his feet.
“ Loss of memory is not insanity, doc-
tor?”

  “ No.”

  “ Is the prisoner, in your professional
judment, insane?”

  “ No,” declared Dr. Arnaud emphatic-
ally. “Most certainly not!”

  With a nod, the crown prosecutor dis-
missed the witness.

  A buzz, whisperings, ran around the
room. Raymond’s eyes were fixed som-
berly on the floor. Relief had come with
Lemoyne’s climax, but now in Dr. Ar-
naud’s reply to the crown prosecutor he
sensed catastrophe.

  A sentence for life was the best that
could be hoped for, but, but suppose—
suppose Lemoyne should fail to secure
even that! No, no—they would not hang
the man! Even Dr. Arnaud had been
forced to admit that he might have lost
his memory. That would be strong
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

477

enough for any jury, and—they were call-
ing his name again, and he was rising,
and walking a second time to the witness-
stand.

  Surely all these people knew. Was not
his face set, and white, and drawn? See
that ray of sunlight coming in through
that far window, and how it did not devi-
ate, but came straight toward him, and
lay upon the crucifix on his breast, to
draw all eyes upon it, upon that Figure
on the Cross, the Man Betrayed.

  God, he had not meant this! He had
thought the priest already dead that
night. It was a dead man he had meant
should answer for the killing of that ugly,
scared-faced, drunken blackguard, Theo-
phile Blondin. That couldn’t do a dead
man any harm! It was a dead man, a
dead man, a dead man—not this living,
breathing one who—

  “Monsieur le cure,” said the crown
prosecutor, “ you were present in the
prisoner’s room with M. Dupont and Dr.
Arnaud when M. Dupont made a search
of the accused’s clothing?”

  “ Yes,” Raymond answered.

  “ Do you identify this revolver as the
one taken from the prisoner’s pocket?”
What was it Valerie had said—that it
was such a terrible thing to have to say
anything that would help to send a man
to death? But the man was not going
to death. It was to be a life sentence—
and afterward, after the trial, there would
be time to think, and plot, and plan.

  “ It is the same,” said Raymond in a
low voice.

  “You also saw M. Dupont take a
large number of loose bills from the pris-
oner’s pocket?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Do you know their amount?”

  “ No. M. Dupont did not count them
at the time.”

  “There were a great many, however,
crumpled in the pocket, as though they
had been hastily thrust there?”

  “ Yes.”

  Why did that man in the prisoner’s
dock look at him like that—not in ac-

cusation—it was worse than that—it was
in a sorrowful sort of wonder, and a
numbed despair. Those devils were
laughing in his ears—he was telling the
truth!

  “ That is all, I think, monsieur le cure,”
said the crown prosecutor abruptly.

  All! There came a bitter and abysmal
irony. Puppets! All were puppets upon
a set stage—from the judge on the bench
to that dismayed thing yonder who wrung
his hands before the imposing majesty of
the law. All! That was all, was it—
the few words he had said? Who, then,
was the author of every word that had
been uttered in the room; who, then, had
pulled the strings that jerked these auto-
matons about in their every movement?

  Ah, here was Lemoyne this time, the
prisoner’s counsel. This time there was
to be a cross-examination. Yes, certainly,
he would like to help Lemoyne, but Le-
moyne must not try to trap him. Le-
moyne, too, was a puppet, and therefore
Lemoyne could not be expected to know
how very true it was that “ Henri Men-
tone ” was on trial for his life, and that
“ Henri Mentone ” would fight for that
life with any weapon he could grasp, and
that Lemoyne would do the prisoner an
ill turn to put “ Henri Mentone ” on the
defensive!

  Well—he brushed his hand across his
forehead, and fixed his eyes steadily on
Lemoyne—he was ready for the man.

  “ Monsieur le cure ”—Lemoyne had
come close to the witness-stand, and Le-
moyne’s voice was soberly modulated—•
“ monsieur le cure, I have only one ques-
tion to ask you. You have been with
this unfortunate man since the night you
found him on the road; you have nursed
him night and day as a mother would a
child. You have not been long in St.
Marleau, but in that time, so I am told,
and I can very readily see why, you have
come to be called the good young Father
Aubert by all your parish.

  “ Monsieur le cure, you have been con-
stantly with this man; for days and nights
you have scarcely left his side, and so I
478

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 come to the question that, it seems to
 me, you, of all others, are best qualified
 to answer.”

   Lemoyne paused. He had placed his
 two hands on the edge of the witness-
 box, and was looking earnestly into Ray-
 mond’s face.

   “ Monsieur le cure, do you believe that
 when the prisoner says that he remem-
 bers nothing of the events of that night,
 that he has no recollection of the crime
 of which he is accused—do you believe,
 monsieur le cure, that he is telling the
 truth?”

   There had been silence in the court-
 room before—it was a silence now that
 seemed to palpitate and throb, a living
 silence. Instinctively the crown prose-
 cutor had made as though to rise from
 his chair; and then, as if indifferent, had
 changed his mind. No one else in the
 room had moved.

   Raymond glanced around him. They
 were waiting—for his answer.' The word
 of the good young Father Aubert would
 go far. Lemoyne’s eyes were pleading
 mutely—for the one ground of defense,
 the one chance for his client’s life. But
 Lemoyne did not need to plead—for that!
 They must not hang the man! They
 were waiting—for his answer. Still the
 silence held.

   And then Raymond raised his right
 hand solemnly.

   “ As God is my judge,” he said, “ I
 firmly believe that the man is telling
 the truth.”

   Benches creaked, there was the rustle
 of garments, a sort of unanimous and in-
 voluntary long-drawn sigh; and it seemed
 to Raymond that, as all eyes turned on
 the prisoner, they held a kindlier and
 ^more tolerant light. And then, as he
 walked back to the other witnesses and
 took his seat, he heard the crown prose-
 cutor speak—as though disposing of the
 matter in blunt disdain:

    “ The pi'osecution rests.”

    Valerie laid her hand over his.

   “ I am so glad—so glad you said that/’
 she whispered.

  M. Dupont leaned forward, and clucked
his tongue very softly.

  “ Hah, monsieur le cure!” He wagged
his head indulgently. “ Well, I suppose
you could not help it—eh? No, you
could not. I have told you before that
you are too soft-hearted.”

  There were two witnesses for the de-
fense — Dr. Amaud’s two fellow prac-
titioners in Tournayville. Their testi-
mony was virtually that of Dr. Arnaud
in cross-examination. To each of them
the crown prosecutor put the same ques-
tion—and only one. Was the prisoner
insane? Each answered in the negative.

  And then, a moment later, Lemoyne,
rising to sum up for the defense, walked
soberly forward to the jury-box and halt-
ed before the twelve men.

  “ Gentlemen of the jury,” he began
quietly, “ you have heard the profes-
sional testimony of three doctors, one of
them a witness for the prosecution, who
all agree that the wound received by the
prisoner might result in loss of memory.

  “You have heard the testimony of ihat
good man, the cure of St. Marleau, who
gave his days and nights to the care and
nursing of the one whose life, gentlemen,
now lies in your hands; you have heard
him declare in the most solemn and im-
pressive manner that he believed the pris-
oner had no remembrance, no recollection,
of the night on which the crime was com-
mitted. Who should be better able to
form an opinion as to whether, as the
prosecution pretends, the prisoner is play-
ing a part, or as to whether he is telling
the truth, than the one who has been with
him from that day to this, and been with
him in the most intimate way, more than
any one else?

  “ And I ask you, too, to weigh well
and remember the character of the man
whom his people call the good young
Father Aubert, who has so emphatically
testified to this effect. His words were
not lightly spoken, and they were pure in
motive. You have heard other witnesses
—all witnesses for the defense, gentlemen
—assert that they have seen nothing,
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

479

beard nothing, that would indicate that
the prisoner was playing a part.

  “ Gentlemen, every scrap of evidence
that has been introduced but goes to sub-
stantiate the prisoner’s story. Is it pos-
sible, do you believe for an instant, that
a man could with his first conscious
breath assume such a part and, sick and
wounded and physically weak, play it
through without a slip, or sign, or word,
or act that would so much as hint at du-
plicity?

  “ But that is not all. Gentlemen, I
will ask you to come with me in thought
to a scene that occurred this morning an
hour before this trial began, and I would
that the gift of words were mine to make
you see that scene as I saw it.”

  He turned and swept out his hand to-
ward the prisoner.

  “ That man was in his cell, on his knees
beside his cot. He did not look up as I
entered, and I did not disturb him. We
were alone together there. After a few
minutes he raised his head. There was
agony in his face such as I have never
seen before on a human countenance. I
spoke to him then. 1 told him that pro-
fessional confidence was sacred; I warned
him of the peril in which he stood; I
pleaded with him to help me save his life,
to tell me all, everything, not to tie my
hands.

  “ Gentlemen of the jury, do you know
his answer? It was a simple one—and
spoken as simply. ‘ When you came in I
was asking God to give me back my mem-
ory before it was too late.’ That is what
he said, gentlemen.”

  There were tears in Lemoyne’s eyes—
there were tears in other eyes throughout
the court-room. There was a cry in Ray-
mond’s heart that went out to Lemoyne.
He had not failed! He had not failed!
Lemoyne had not failed!

  “ Gentlemen, he did not know.” Le-
moyne’s voice rose now in impassioned
pleading—and he spoke on with that elo-
quence that is born only of conviction
and in the soul. It was the picture of the
man’s helplessness he drew; the horror of

 an innocent man entangled in seemingly
 incontrovertible evidence, and doomed to
 a frightful death. He played upon the
 emotions with a master touch—and as the
 minutes passed sobs echoed back from
 every quarter of the room—and in the
 jury-box men brushed their hands across
 their eyes.

   And at the end he was very quiet
 again, and his words were very low.

    “ Gentlemen of the jury, I believe in
 my soul that this man is innocent. I ask
 you to believe that he is innocent. I ask
 you to believe that if he could tell of the
 events of that night, he would stand be-
 fore you a martyr to a cruel chain of cir-
 cumstance. And I ask you to remember
 the terrible responsibility that rests upon
 you of passing judgment upon a man,
 helpless, impotent, and alone, and who,
 deprived of all means of self-defense, has
 only you to look to—for his life.”

   There was buoyancy in Raymond’s
 heart. Lemoyne had not failed! He had
 been magnificent—triumphant! Even the
 judge was fumbling awkwardly with the
 ' papers on his desk. What did it matter
 now what the crown prosecutor might
 say? No one doubted perhaps that the
 man was guilty, but. the spell that Le-
 moyne had cast would remain, and there
 would be mercy.

    A chill came, a chill like death—if it
 were not so, what would he have to face?'

   “ Gentlemen of the jury ”—the crown
 prosecutor was speaking now—“ I should
 do less than justice to my learned7friend
 if I did not admit that I was affected by
 his words; but I should also do less than
 justice to the laws of this land, to you,
 and to myself if I did not tell you that
 emotion has no place in the consideration
 of this case, and that fact alone must be
 the basis of your verdict.

   “ I shall not keep you long. I have
 only a few words to say. The court will
 instruct you that if the prisoner is sane
 he is accountable to the law for his crime.
 WTe are concerned, not with his loss of
 memory, though my learned friend has
 made much of that, but with his sanity.
480

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

The court will also instruct you on that
point.

   “ I shall not,’ therefore, discuss the
question of the prisoner’s mental condi-
tion, except to recall to your minds that
the medical testimony has been unanimous
in declaring that the accused is not in-
sane; and except to say that in so far as
loss of memory is concerned, it is plainly
evident that he was in full .possession of
all his faculties at the time the murder
was committed, and''that I am personally
inclined to share the opinion of his ac-
complice in crime—a man, gentlemen,
whom we may safely presume is even a
better judge of the prisoner’s character
than is the cure of St. Marleau — who,
from the note you have heard read, has
certainly no doubt that the prisoner is
not only quite capable of attempting such
a deception, but is actually engaged in
practising it at the present moment.

   “ I pass on to the facts brought out by
the evidence. On the night of the crime;
a man answering the general description
of the prisoner arrived at the St. Marleau
station. It was a night when one, and
especially a stranger, would naturally be
glad of company on the three-mile walk
to the village. The man refused the com-
pany of the curL

   “ Why? He, as it later appears, had
very good reasons of his own! It was
such a night that it would be all one
would care to do to battle against the
wind without being hampered by a trav-
eling bag. He refused the station-agent’s
voffer to keep the bag until morning and
send it over with the cure’s trunk.

   “ Why? It is quite evident, in view
of what followed, that he did not expect
to be there the next morning!

   “ He drew from the station-agent, cor-
roborating presumably the information
previously obtained either by himself or
this unknown accomplice, the statement
that Mme. Blondin was believed to have
a large sum of money hidden away some-
where in her house. That was the man,
gentlemen, who answers the general
description of the prisoner. Within ap-

proximately half an hour later Mme.
Blondin’s house is robbed, and, in an
effort to protect his mother’s property,
Theophile Blondin is shot and killed.

  “ The question perhaps arises as to how
the author of this crime knew the exact
hiding-place where the money was kept.
But it is not material, inasmuch as we
know that he was in a position to be in
possession of that knowledge. He might
have been peering in through the window
when Mme. Blondin, as she testified, was
at the hiding-place a few minutes before
he broke into her house—or his accom-
plice, still unapprehended, may already
have discovered it.

  “ And now we pass entirely out of the
realm of conjecture. You have heard the
testimony of the murdered man’s mother,
who both saw and participated in the
struggle. The jrran who murdered Theo-
phile Blondin, who was actually seen to
commit the act, is identified as the pris-
oner at the bar. He was struck over the
head by Mme. Blondin with a stick of
wood, which inflicted a serious wound.

  “ We can picture him running from the
house, after Mme. Blondin rushed out
toward the village to give the alarm. He
did not, however, get very far—he was
himself too badly hurt. He was found
lying unconscious on the road a short
distance away. Again the identification
is complete—and in his pocket is found
the motive for the crime, Mme. Blondin’s
savings—and in his pocket is found the
weapon, Theophile Blondin’s revolver,
with which the murder was committed.

  “ Gentlemen, I shall not take up your
time or the time of this court needlessly.
No logical human being could doubt the
prisoner’s guilt for an instant. I ask you,
gentlemen, to return a verdict in accord1
ance with the evidence.”

  Raymond did not look up as the crown
prosecutor sat down. “ No logical human
being could doubt the prisoner’s guilt for
an instant." That was true, wasn’t it?
No human being—save only one. Well,
he had expected that—it was even a
tribute to his own quick wit.
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

481

  Puppets! Yes, puppets—they were all
puppets—all but himself. But if there was
guilt, there was, dso mercy. They would
show mercy to u man who could not
remember. How many times had he said
that to himself! Well, he had been right,
hadn’t he? He had more reason to believe
it now than he had had to believe it be-
fore. Lemoyne had, beyond the shadow
of a doubt, convinced every one in the
court-room that the man could not’ re-
member.

  “Order! Attention! Silence!” rapped
out the clerk pompously.

  The judge had turned in his seat to face
the jury.

  “ Gentlemen of the jury,” he said im-
passively, “ it is my province to instruct
you in the law as it applies to this case,
and as it applies to the interpretation of
the evidence before you. There, must be
no confusion in your minds as to the ques-
tion of the prisoner’s mental condition.
The law does not hold accountable nor
does it bring to trial any person who is
insane. The law, however, does not rec-
ognize loss of memory as insanity.

  “ There has been no testimony to indi-
cate that the prisoner is insane, or even
that he was not in an entirely normal
condition of mind at the time the crime
was committed; there has been the testi-
mony of three physicians that he is not
insane. You have therefore but one thing
to consider.

  “ If, from the evidence, you believe
that the prisoner killed Theophile Blon-
din, it is your duty to bring in a verdict
of guilty; on the other hand, the prisoner
is entitled to the benefit of any reasonable
doubt as to his guilt that may exist in
your minds. You may retire, gentlemen,
for your deliberations.”

  There was a hurried, w'hispered consul-
tation among the twelve men in the jury-
box. It brought Raymond no surprise
that the jury did not leave the room. It
brought him no surprise that the figure
with the thin, pale face, who was dressed
in Raymond Chapelle’s clothes, should be
ordered to stand and face those twelve

men, and hear the word “ guilty ” fall
from the foreman’s lips.

  He had known it, every one had known
it—it w’as the judge now, that white-
haired, kindly-faced man, upon whom he
riveted his attention.

  A sentence for life—yes, that was ter-
rible enough—but there was a way—there
would be some way in the days to come—
he had fastened this crime upon a dead
man to save his own life—not on this
living one whose eyes now he could not
meet across the room, though he could
feel them upon him, feel them staring,
staring at his naked soul—he would find
some way—there wyould be time, there
was all of time in a sentence for life—he
would not desert the man, he would—

  “ Henri Mentone ”—the judge was
speaking again—“ you have been found
guilty bv a jury of your peers of the
murder of one Theophile Blondin. Have
you anything to say why the sentence of
this court should not be passed upon
you?”

  There was no answer. What was the
man doing? Was he crying? Trembling?
Was there that old nameless horror in the
face? Were his lips quivering as a child’s
lips quiver when it is broken-hearted?

  Raymond dared not look; dared not
look anywhere now save at the white-
haired, kindly-faced—yes, he was kindly-
faced—judge. And then suddenly he
found himself swaying weakly, and his
shoulder bumped into old Mother Blon-
din.

  Not that—great God—not that! That
kindly-faced man was putting a Hack
hat on his head, and standing up!
Everybody was standing up. He, too;
was standing up, only he was not steady
on his feet. Was Valerie’s hand on his
arm in nervous terror, or to support him?
Some one was speaking.

  The words were throbbing through his
brain. Yes, throbbing—throbbing and
clanging like hammer-blows—that w’as
why he could not hear them all.

  “. . . the sentence of this court . . .
place of confinement . . . thence to the
482

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

place of execution . . . hanged by the neck
until you are dead, and may God have
mercy on your soul.”

 And then Raymond looked; and
through the solemn silence, and through
the doom that hung upon the room, there
came a cry. It was Henri Mentone. The
man’s hands were stretched out, the tears
were streaming down . his cheeks. And
was this mockery—or a joke of hell?
Then why did not everybody howl and
scream with mirth? The man was calling
upon himself to save himself!

  No, no—he, Raymond, was going mad
to call it mockery or mirth. It was
ghastly, horrible, pitiful beyond human
understanding, it tore at the heart and the
soul—the man was doing what that
Figure upon the Cross had once been bade
to do—his own name was upon his own
lips, he was calling upon himself to save
himself. And the voice in agony rang
through the room, and people sobbed.

  “ Father — Father Francois Aubert,
help me, do not leave me! I do not know
—I do not understand! Father—Father
Frangois Aubert, help me—I do not un-
derstand!”

  And Raymond, groping out behind him,
flung his arm across the back of the
bench, and, sinking down, his head fell
forward, and his face was hidden.

  “ Tiens,” said Mother Blondin sullenly,
as though forced to admit it against her
will, “ he has a good heart, even if he is a
priest.”

CHAPTER XVII.

THE COMMON CUP.

IT seemed as though it were an immeas-
urable span of time since that voice
had rung through the court-room. He
could hear it yet—he was hearing it al-
ways. “ Father—Father Francois Aubert
—help me—I do not know—I do not
understand!” And sometimes it was
pitiful beyond that of any human cry
before; and sometimes it was dominant
in its ghastly irony.

  And yet that was only yesterday, and
it was only the afternoon of the next day
now.

  There were wild roses and wild rasp-
berries growing here along the side of the
road, and the smoke wreathed upward
from the chimneys of the whitewashed
cottages, and the water lapped upon the
shore—these things were unchanged, un-
disturbed, .unaffected, untouched. It
seemed curiously improper that it should
be so—that the sense of values was some-
how lost.

  He had come from the court-room with
his brain in a state of numbed shock, as
it were, like a wound that has taken the
nerve centers by surprise and had not yet
begun to throb. It was instinct, the in-
stinct to fight on, the instinct of self-
preservation that had bade him grope his
way to Lemoyne, the counsel for the
defense.

  “ I have friends who have money,” he
had said. “ Appeal the case—spare no
effort—I will see that the expenses are
met.”

  And after that he had driven back to
St. Marleau, and after that again he had
lived through a succession of blurred
hours, obeying mechanically a sense of
routine—he had talked to the villagers,
he had eaten supper with Valerie and her
mother, he had gone to bed and lain
awake, he had said mass in the church
that morning—mass!

  Was it the heat of the day? His brow
was feverish. He took off his hat and
turned to let the breeze from the river
fan his face and head. It was only this
afternoon, a little while ago, that he had
emerged from that numbed stupor, and
now the hurt and the smarting of the
wound had come. His brain was clear
now—terribly clear. Better that the
stupor, which was a kindly thing, had re-
mained !

 He had said mass that morning.
“ Lavabo inter innocentes manus meas ”
(I will wash my hands among the inno-
cent). In the sight of holy God he had
said that; at God’s holy altar as he had
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

483

spoken, symbolizing his words, he had
washed hjs fingers jn water.

  It had not seemed to matter so much
then; he had even mocked cynically at
those same words the night that Mme.
Lafleur had shown him the altar-cloth—
but that other voice, those other words
had not been pounding at his ears then,
as now. And now they were joined to-
gether, his voice and that other voice, his
words and those other words: “ I will
wash my hands among the innocent—-
hanged by the netk until you are dead,
and may God have mercy on your soul.”

  He stood by the roadside hatless.
Through the open doorway of a cottage
a few yards away he could see old grand-
mother Frenier, who was exceedingly poor
and deaf and far up in the eighties, con-
tentedly at work with her spinning-
wheel; 011 the shore, where the tide was
half out and the sand of the beach had
merged into oozy mud, two barefooted
children overturned the rocks of such size
as were not beyond their strength, laugh-
ing gleefully as they captured the sea-
worms, whose nippers could pinch with
no little degree of ferocity, and with
which, later, no doubt, they intended to
fish for tommy-cods; also there was sun-
light, and sparkling water, and some one
driving along the road toward him in a
buckboard; and he could hear Bouchard
in the carpenter-shop alternately ham-
mering and whistling—the whistling was
out of tune, it was true, but what it lacked
in melody it made up in spirit. *

  This was reality, this was actuality,
happiness and peace, and contentment
and serenity; and he, standing there on
the road, was an integral part of the scene
-—no painter would leave out the village
cure standing hatless on the road—the
village cure would, indeed, stand out as
the central figure, like a benediction upon
all the rest.

  Why, then, should he not in truth, as
in semblance, enter into this scene of
tranquillity? Where did they come from,
those words that were so foreign to all
about him, where had they found birth,

and why were they seared into his brain
so that he could not banish them? Surely
they were but an hallucination—he had
only to look around him to find evidence
of that.

  Surely they had no basis in fact, those
words—“ hanged by the neck until you
are dead, and may God have mercy on
your soul.”

  They seemed to fade slowly away, old
grandmother Frenier and her spinning-
wheel, and the children puddling in the
mud, and the buckboard coming along the
road; and he no longer heard the
whistling from the carpenter-shop—it
•seemed to fade out like a picture on a
moving-picture screen, while another crept
-there, at first intangible and undefined,
to supplant the first.

  It was somber and dark, and a narrow
space, and a shadowy human form. Then
there came a ray of light—sunlight, only
the gladness and the brightness were not
in the sunlight because it had first to pass
through an opening where there were iron
bars. Cut the ray of light, nevertheless,
grew stronger, and the picture took form.
There were bare walls, and bare floors,
and a narrow cot—and it was a cell.

  And the shadowy form became more
distinct—it was a man, whose back was
turned, who stood at the end of the cell,
and whose hands were each clutched
around one of the iron bars, and who
seemed to be striving to thrust his head
out into the sunlight, for his head, too,
was pressed close against the iron bars.
And there was something horribly familiar
in the figure.

  And then the head turned slowly, and
the sunlight, that was robbed of its
warmth and its freedom, slanted upon a
pale cheek, and ashen lips, and eyes that
were torture-burned; and the face was the
face of the man who was—to be hanged
by the neck until he was dead; and upon
whose soul that voice had implored the
mercy of God.

  Raymond stared at his hat which was
lying in the road. How had it got there?
He did not remember that he had dropped
484

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

it. He had been holding it in his hand.
This buckboard that was approaching
would run over it. He stooped and picked
it up, and mechanically began to brush
away the dust.

  That figure in the buckboard seemed to
be familiar, too. Yes, of course, it was
M. Dupont, the assistant chief of the
Tournayville police—the man who always
answered his own questions and clucked
with his tongue as though he were some
animal learning to talk.

  But Dupont mattered little now. It
was not old grandmother Frenier and her
spinning-wheel that was reality—it was
Father Frangois Aubert in the condemned-
cell of the Tournayville jail, waiting to be
hanged by the neck until he was dead for
the murder of Theophile Blondin.

  Raymond put on his hat with forced
calmness. He must settle this with him-
self; he could not afford to lose his poise
—either mentally .or physically. He laid
no claim to the heroic or to the quixotic
—he did not want to die in the stead of
that man, or in the stead of any other
man. Neither was he a coward—no man
bad ever called Raymond Chapelle, or
Arthur Leroy, or Three-Ace Artie, a cow-
ard. He was a gambler—and there was
still a chance.

  There was the appeal. He was gam-
bling now for both their lives. He would
lay down no hand, he would fight as he
had always fought—to the end—while a
chance remained.

  There was still a chance—the appeal.
It was long odds, he knew that—but it
was a chance—and he was a gambler.
He could only wait now for the turn of
the final card. He would not tolerate
consideration beyond that point—not if
with all his might he could force his brain
to leave that “ afterward ” alone.

  It was weeks yet to the date set for
the execution of Henri Mentone for the
murder of Theophile Blondin, and it
would be weeks yet before the appeal was
acted upon. He could only wait now—
here—here in St. Marleau, as the good
young Father Aubert. He could not run

awjy or disappear like a pitiful coward,
until that appeal had had its answer.

  Afterward—no, there was ho afterward
—not now! Now it was the ubiquitous
M. Dupont, the short little man with the
sharp features and the roving black eyes
that glanced everywhere at once, who was
calling to him and clambering out of the
buckboard.

  “ You are surprised to see me, eh, mon-
sieur le cure?" clucked M. Dupont.

  Yes, you are surprised. Very well!
But what would you say if I told you
that I had come to arrest monsieur le
cure of St. Marleau? Eh—what would
you say to that?”

  Arrest! Curious, the cold, calculating
alertness that swept upon him at that
word!

  What had happened? Was the game
up—now? Curious how he measured ap-
praisingly—and almost contemptuously—
the physique of this man before him.

  And then, under his breath, he snarled
an oath at the other. Curse M. Dupont
and his perverted sense of humor! It was
not the first time Dupont had startled
him. The man was grinning broadly—
like an ape!

  “ I imagine,” said Raymond placidly,
“ that what I would say, M. Dupont,
would be to inquire as to the nature of the
charge against monsieur le cure of St.
Marleau.”

  “ And I,” said M. Dupont, “ would at
once reply — assault. Assault — bodily
harm and injury—assault upon the person
of one Jacques Bourget.”

  “Oh!” said Raymond—and smiled.
“ Yes, I believe there have been rumors
of it in the village, M. Dupont. Several
have spoken to me about it, and I even
understand that the cure of St. Marleau
pleads guilty.”

  And then M. Dupont puckered up his
face and burst into a guffaw.

  “ ’Cre nom—ah, pardon—but it is ex-
cusable, one bad little word, eh? Yes, it
is excusable. But imagine—fancy! The
good young Father Aubert—and Jacques
Bourget! I would have liked to have seen
THE SIX THAT WAS HIS.

485

it. Yes, I would! Monsieur le cure, you
do not look it, but you are magnificent.
Monsieur le cure, I lift my hat to you.
Bon Dieu—ah, pardon again—but you
were not gentle with Jacques Bourget,
whom one would think could eat you
alive! And you told me nothing about
it—you are modest, eh? Yes, you are
modest.”

  “ I have had no opportunity to be
modest,” Raymond laughed, “ since, so I
understand, Bourget encountered some of
the villagers on his way home that after-
noon, and gave me a reputation that, to
say the least of it, left me with little to
be modest about.”

  “ I believe you,” chuckled M. Dupont.
“ I believe you, monsieur le cure, since I,
too, got the story from Jacques Bourget
himself. He desired to swear out a
warrant' for your arrest. You have not
seen Bourget for several days, eh, mon-
sieur le cure? No, you have not seen
him. But I know very well how to handle
such as he! He will swear out no
warrant. On the contrary, he would very
gladly feed out of anybody’s hand just
now—even yours, monsieur le cure. I
have the brave Jacques Bourget in jail at
the present moment.”

  “ In jail?” Raymond’s puzzled frown
was genuine. “ But—”

  “ Wait a minute, monsieur le cure ”—
Dupont’s smile was suddenly gone. He
tapped Raymond impressively on the
shoulder. “ There is more in this than
appears on the surface, monsieur le cure.
You see? Yes, you see. Well, then,
listen! He talked no longer of a warrant
when I threatened him with arrest for
getting whisky at Mother Blondin’s. I
had him frightened.

  “ And that brings us to Mother Blon-
din, which 5s one of the reasons I am here
this afternoon—but we will return to
Mother Blondin’s case in a moment.

  “ You remember that I caught Bourget
driving on the road the night Mentone
tried to escape, and that I made him drive
the prisoner to Tournayville? Yes, you
remember. Very good! This morning

his wife comes to Tournayville to say that
he has not been seen since that night. We
make a search. He is not hard to find.
He has been drunk ever since—we find
him in a room over one of the saloons
just beginning to get sober again.* Also
wre find that since that night Bourget, who
never has any money, has spent a great
deal of money.

  “Where did Bourget get that money?
You begin to see, eh, monsieur le cure?
Yes, you begin to see.”

  M. Dupont laid his forefinger saga-
ciously along the side of his nose.

  “Very good! I begin to question. I
am instantly suspicious. Bourget is sullen
and morose. He talks only of a warrant
against you. I seize upon that story again
to threaten him with if he does not tell
where he got the money. I put him in
jail, where I shall keep him for two or
three days to teach him a lesson.

   “ It is another Bourget, a very lamblike
Bourget, monsieur le cure, before I am
through; though I have to promise him
immunity for turning king’s evidence. Do
you see what is coming, monsieur le cure?
No, you do not. Most certainly you do
not! Very well, then, listen!

  “ I am on the track of Mentone’s ac-
complice. Bourget was in the plot. It
was Bourget who was to drive Mentone
away that night—to the 3L. Eustace
station—after they had throttled you.
Now, monsieur le cure ”—M. Dupont’s
eyes were afire; M. Dupont assumed an
attitude; M. Dupont’s arms wrapped
themselves in a fold upon his breast—
“ now, monsieur le cure, what do you say
to that?”

  “It is amazing!”—Raymond’s hands,
palms outward, were lifted in a gesture
eminently clerical. “ Amazing! I can
hardly credit it. Bourget, then, knows
who this accomplice is?”

  “ No—tonnerre—that is the bad luck
of it!” scowled Dupont. “But there is
also good luck in it. I am on the scent.
I am on the trail. I shall succeed, shall
I not? Yes, certainly, I shall succeed!
Very well, then, listen!
486

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ It was dark that night. The man
went to Bourget’s house and called Bour-
get outside. Bourget could not see what
the fellow looked like. He gave Bourget
fifty dollars, and promised still another
fifty as soon as Bourget had Mentone in
the wagon. And it was on your account,
monsieur le cure, that he went to Bour-
get.”

  Raymond was incredulous.

  “ On mine?” he gasped.

  “Yes, certainly—on yours. It was to
offer Bourget a chance to revenge himself
on you. You see, eh? Yes, you see.
He said he had heard of what you had
done to Bourget. Very well! We have
only to analyze that a little, and instantly
we have a clue. You see where that
brings us, eh, monsieur le cure?”

  Raymond shook his head.

  “ No: I must confess, I don’t,” he said.

  “Hah! No? Tiens!” ejaculated Du-
pont almost pityingly. “ It is easy to be
seen, monsieur le cure, that you would
make a very poor police officer, and an
equally poor criminal—the law would
have its fingers on you while you were
wondering what to do. It is so, is it not?
Yes, it is so. You are much better as a
priest. As a priest—I pay you the com-
pliment, monsieur le cure—you are in-
comparable. Very good! Listen, then!
I will explain.

  “ The fellow said he had heard of your
fight with Bourget. Splendid! Excellent!
He must then have heard it from some
one. Therefore he has been seen in the
neighborhood by some one besides Bour-
get. Who is that ‘ some one ’ who has
talked with a stranger, and who can very
likely tell us what that stranger looks like,
where Bourget cannot? I do not say that
it is certain, but that it is likely. It may
not have been so dark when he talked to
this ‘ some one ’—eh? In any case it is
enough to go on.

  “ Now you see, monsieur le cure, why
I am here — I shall begin to question
everybody; and for your part, monsieur le
cure, you can do a great deal in letting
the parish know what we are after.”

  Raymond looked at Dupont with ad-
miration. Dupont had set himself an-
other “ vigil ”!

  “Without doubt, M. Dupont!” he as-
sured the other heartily. “ Certainly, I
will do my utmc . to help you. I will
have a notice posted on the church door.”

  “ Good!” cried Dupont with a gratified
smile. “ And now' another matter—and
one that will afford you satisfaction,
monsieur le cure. In a day or so I will
see that Mother Blondin is the source of
no more trouble in St. Marleau—or any-
where else?”

  “ Mother Blondin?” repeated Raymond
—and now he was suddenly conscious that
he was in some way genuinely disturbed.

  “ Yes,” said Dupont. “ Twice in the
past we have searched her place. WTe knew
she sold whisky. But she was too sharp
for us—and those who bought knew
how to keep their mouths shut. But with
Bourget as a witness it is different, eh?
You see? Yes, you see. She is a fester,
a sore. We will clean up the place; we
will put her in jail. The air around here
will be the sweeter for it, and—”

  “ No,” said Raymond soberly. “ No,
M. Dupont ”—his hands reached out and
clasped on the man’s shoulders. Hie knew
now what was disturbing him. It was
that surge of pity for the proscribed old
woman, that sense of miserable distress
that he had experienced more than once
before.

  The scene of that morning, when she
had clung to the palings of the fence out-
side the graveyard while they shoveled
the earth upon the coffin of her son, rose
vividly before him. And it was he again
who was bringing more trouble upon her
now through his dealings with Jacques
Bourget.

  Yes, it was pity—and more. It was
a swiftly matured, but none the less de-
termined, resolve to protect her.

  “ No, M. Dupont, I beg of you ”—he
shook his head gravely—“ no, you will not
do that.”

 “ Heh? No? And why not?” de-
manded Dupont in jerky astonishment.
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

487

“ I thought you would ask for nothing
better. She is already an excommuniee,
and—”

  “ And she has suffered enough,” said
Raymond earnestly. “ It would seem
that sorrow and misery had been the only
life she had ever known. She is too old
a woman now to have her home taken
from her and herself sent to jail. She is
none too well as it is. It would kill her.
A little sympathy, a little kindness, M.
Dupont—it will succeed far better.”

  “ Bah!” sniffed Dupont. “ A little sym-
pathy, a little kindness! And will that
stop the whisky-selling that the law de-
mands shall be stopped, monsieur le
cure?”

  “ I will guarantee that,” said Raymond
calmly.

  “You?” Dupont clucked vigorously.
“ You will stop that? And besides other
things, do you perform miracles, monsieur
le cure? How will you do that?”

  “ You must leave it to me ”—Ray-
mond’s hands tightened in friendly fashion
on Dupont’s shoulders—“ I will guaran-
tee it. If that is a miracle, I will attempt
it. If I do not succeed I will tell you so,
and then you will do as you see fit. You
will agree, will you not, M. Dupont? And
I shall be deeply grateful to you.”

  Dupont shrugged his shoulders help-
lessly.

  “ I have to tell you again that you are
too soft-hearted, monsieur le cure. Yes,
there is no other name for it—soft-
hearted. And you will be made a fool of.
I warn you! Well—very well! / Try it,
if you like. I give you a week. If at the
end of a week—well, you understand?
Yes, you understand.”

  .“I understand,” said Raymond; and,
with a final clap on the other’s shoulders,
he dropped his hands. “ And I am of the
impression that monsieur le cure is not the
only one who is soft-hearted.”

  “ Bah! Nothing of the sort! Nothing
of the sort!” snorted Dupont in a sort
of pleased repudiation as he climbed back
into the buckboard. “ It is only to open
your eyes.” He picked up the reins. “ I

  shall spend the rest of the day around
here on that other business. Do not forget
about the notice, monsieur le cure.”

  “ It shall be posted on the church door
this afternoon,” Raymond promised.

  He stood for a moment looking after
the man as he drove off; then, turning
abruptly, he walked rapidly along jn
the opposite direction, and, reaching the
station road that led past old Mother
Blondin’s door, began to climb the hill.

  Yes, decidedly he would post a notice
on the church door for M. Dupont! If
in any way he could aid him to lay hands
on this accomplice of Henri Mentone, he
—the derision that had crept to his lips
faded away and into the dark eyes came
a sudden weariness.

  There was humor doubtless in the pic-
ture of M. Dupont buttonholing every one
he met, as he flitted indefatigably all over
the country in pursuit of his mare’s nest;
but somehow he, Raymond, was not in the
mood for laughter—for even grim laugh-
ter. There was a man waiting to be
hanged; and, besides, there was Valerie.

  There was Valerie, who, come what
would, some day, near or distant, whether
he escaped or not, must inevitably know
him finally for the man he was. Not that
it would change her life; it was only those
devils of hell who tried to insinuate that
she cared; but to him it was a thought
pregnant with an agony so great that he
could pray—he who had thought never to
bow the knee in sincerity to God—yes,
that he could pray without mimicry,
without that hideous profanation upon his
lips, that he might not stand despised, a
contemptuous thing, a sacrilegious profli-
gate, in the eyes of the woman whom he
loved. ■

  He clenched his hands. He was not
logical. If he cared so mych as that, why
—no, here was specious argument! He
was logical. His love for Valerie, great
as it might be, great as it was, in the
final analysis was hopeless.

  If he escaped, he could never return to
the village, he could never return to her—
to be recognized as the good young Father
488

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Aubert; if he did not escape, if he—no,
that was the afterward, he would not
consent to think of that—only if he did
not escape there would be more than the-
hopelessness of this love to concern him;
there would be—death.

  Yes, he was logical. The love he knew
for Valerie was but to mock him, to
tantalize him with a vista of what,
under other circumstances, he might have
claimed by right of his manhood’s fran-
chise—if he had not, years ago, from a
boy almost, bartered away that franchise
to the devil.

  Well, was he to whimper now, and turn,
like a craven thing, from the bitter dregs
that, while the cup was still full and the
dregs yet afar off, he had held in bald
contempt and incredulous raillery? The
dregs were here now. They were not bit-
ter on his lips, but in his soul; they were
bitter almost beyond endurance—but was
he to whimper?

  Yes, he was logical. All else might be
hopeless; but it was not hopeless that he
might save his life. He had a right to
fight for that, and he would fight for it
as any man would fight—to the last.

  He had climbed the hill now, and was
approaching old Mother Blondin’s door.
Logical! Yes, he was logical—but life
was not all logic. In the abstract logic
was doubtless a panacea.that was all-
embracing; in the presence of the actual
it shrank back a futile thing from the dull
gnawing of the heart and the misery of
the soul.

  Perhaps that was why he was standing
here at Mother Blondin’s door now. God
knew she was miserable enough; God
knew that the dregs, too, were now at
her lips! They were not unlike—old
Mother Blondin and himself. Theirs was
a common cup.

  He knocked upon the door—and, as he
knocked, he caught sight of the old
woman’s shriveled face peering at him
none too pleasantly from the window.
Then her step, sullen and reluctant,
crossed the floor, and she held the door
open grudgingly a little way; and the

  space thus open she blocked completely
with her body.

  “ What do you want?” she demanded
sourly.

  “ I would like to come in, Mme. Blon-
din,” Raymond answered pleasantly. “ I
would like to have a little talk with you.”
“ Well, you can’t come in!” she snarled
defiantly. “ I don’t want to talk to you,
and I don’t want you coming here! It
is true I may have been fool enough to
say you had a good heart, but I want
nothing to do with you. You are perhaps
not as bad as some of them; but you
are all full of tricks with your smirking
mouths! No priest would come here if
he were not up to something. I am an
excommuniee—eh? Well, I am satisfied!”
Her voice was beginning to rise shrilly.
“ I don’t know what you want, and I
don’t want to know; but you can’t
wheedle around me just because Jacques
Bourget knocked me down, and you—”
“ It is on account of Jacques Bourget
that I want to speak to you,” Raymond
interposed soothingly. “ Bourget has been
locked up in jail.”

  She stared at him, blinking viciously
behind her glasses.

  “Ah! I thought so! That is like the
whole tribe of you. You had him ar-
rested!”

  “ No,” said Raymond. “ I did not
have him arrested. You remember the
note that was read out at the trial, Mme.
Blondin—about the attempted escape of
Henri Mentone?”

  “ Well?” Mme. Blondin’s animosity at
the sight of a soutane was forgotten for
the moment in a newly aroused interest.
“ Well—what of it? I remember. What
of it?”

  “ It seems,” said Raymond: “ that M.
Dupont has discovered that Bourget was
to help in the escape.”

  Mme. Blondin cackled suddenly in un-
holy mirth.

  “ And so they arrested him, eh? Well,
I am glad! Do you hear? I am glad!
I hope they wring his neck for him! He
would help the murderer of my son to
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

489

escape, would he? I hope they hang him
with the other!”

  “ They will not hang him,” Raymond
replied. “ He has given all the informa-
tion in his possession to the police, and he
is to go free. But it was because of that
afternoon here that he was persuaded to
help in the escape. He expected to re-
venge himself on me; and that story, too,
Mme. Blondin, is now known to the
police. Bourget has confessed to buying
whisky here, and is ready to testify as a
witness against you.”

  “ Le maudit!” Mother Blondin’s voice
rose in a virulent scream. “ I will tear
his eyes out! Do you hear? I will show
Jacques Bourget what he will get for
telling on me! He has robbed me! He
never pays! Well, he will pay for this!
He will pay for this! I will find some
one who will cut his tongue out! They
are not all like Jacques Bourget; they
are—”

  “ You do not quite understand, Mme.
Blondin,” Raymond interrupted gravely.
“ It is not with Jacques Bourget that you
are concerned now; it is with the police.
M. Dupont came to the village this after-
noon—indeed, he is here now. He said
he had evidence enough at last to close
up this place and put you in jail, and that
he was going to do so. You are in a very
serious situation, Mme. Blondin.” He
made as though to step forward. “ Will
you not let me come in, as a friend, and
talk it over with you, and see what we
can do?”

  Mother Blondin’s hand was like a claw
in its bony thinness, as it gripped hard
over the edge of the door.

  “No, you will not come in!” she
shouted. “ You, or your Dupont, or your
police—you will not come in! Eh—they
will take my home from me—all I’ve got
—they will put me in jail ”—she was
twisting her head about in a sort of pitiful
inventory of her surroundings.

  “ They have been trying to run me out
of St. Marleau for a long time—all the
good people, the saintly people—you and
your hypocrites. They cross to the other

side of the road to get out of old Mother
Blondin’s way! And so at last, between
you, you have beaten an old woman, who
has no one to protect her since you have
killed her son!

  “ It is a victory—eh? Go tell them to
ring the church bells—go tell them—go
tell them! And on Sunday, eh, you will
have something to preach about! It will
make a fine sermon!”

  Somehow there came a lump into Ray-
mond’s throat. There was something fine
in this wretched, tattered, unkempt figure
before him—something of the indomit-
able, of the unconquerable in her spirit,
misapplied though it was. Her voice
fought bravely to hold its defiant, infu-
riated ring, to show no sign of the misery
that had stolen into the dim old eyes, and
was quivering on the wrinkled lips, but
the voice had broken—once almost in a
sob.

  “ No, no, Mme. Blondin ”—he reached
out his hand impulsively to lay it over
the one that was clutched upon the door
—“ you must not—”

  She snatched her hand away—and
suddenly thrust her head through the
partially open doorway into his face.

  “ It is not Bourget, it is not Jacques
Bourget! ” she cried fiercely.' “ It is you!
If you had not come that afternoon when
you had no business to come, this would
not have happened. It is you, who—”

  “ That is true,” said Raymond quietly.
“ And that is why I am here now. I
have had a talk with M. Dupont, and he
will give you another chance.”

  She still held her face close to his.

  “ I do not believe you!” she flung out
furiously. “I do not believe you! It is
some trick you are trying to play! I know
Dupont! I know him! He would give no
one a chance if he could help it! I have
been too much for him for a long time,
and if he had evidence against me now
he would give me not a minute to sell any
more of—of what he thinks I sell here!”
“ That also is true,” said Raymond as
quietly as before. “ He could not very
well permit you to go on breaking the
490

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

law if he could prevent it. But in
exchange for his promise I have given him
a pledge that you will not sell any more
whisky.”

  She straightened up—and stared at him
half in amazement, half in crafty suspi-
cion.

  “ Ah, then, so it is you, and not Du-
pont, who is going to stop it—eh?” she
exclaimed, with a shrill laugh. “ And how
do you intend to do it—eh? How do
you intend to do it? Tell me that!”

  “ I think it will be very simple,” said
Raymond—and his dark eyes, full of a
kindly sympathy, looked into hers. “ To
save your home, and you, I have pledged
myself to M. Dupont that this will stop,
and so—well, Mme. Blondin, and so I
have come to put you upon your honor
to make good my pledge.”

  She craned her head forward again to
peer into his face. She looked at him for
a long minute without a word. Her lips
alternately tightened and were tremulous.
The fingers of her hand plucked at the
door’s edge. And then she threw back
her head in a quavering, jeering laugh.

  “Ha, ha!. Old Mother Blondin upon
her honor—think of that! You, a smooth-
tongued priest—and me, an excommuniee!
Ha, ha! Think of that! And what did
Dupont say, eh—what did Dupont say?”
“ He said what I know is not true,”
said Raymond simply. “He said you
would make a fool of me.”

  “Ah, he said that!”—she jerked her
head forward again sharply. “Well, Du-
pont is wrong, and you are right. I would
not do that, because I could not—since
you have already made one of yourself!
Ha, ha! Old Mother Blondin upon her
honor! Ha, ha! It is a long while since
I have heard that—and from a priest—ha,
ha! How could any one make a fool of a
fool?”

   Her voice was high-pitched again, fight-
ing for its defiance; but somehow, where
she strove to infuse venom, there seemed
only a pathetic wistfulness instead.

  “ And so you would trust old Mother
Blondin—eh? Well ”—she slammed the

door suddenly in his face, and her voice
came muffled through the panels—“well,
you are a fool! ”

  The bolt within rasped into place—and
Raymond, smiling, turned away and be-
gan to descend the hill. Mother Blondin
for the moment was in the grip of a
sullen pride that bade her rise in arms
against this fresh outlook on life; but
Mother Blondin would close and. bolt yet
another door, unless he was very much
mistaken—the rear door, and in the faces
of her erstwhile and unhallowed clientele!

  Yes, he had pity for the old woman who
had no kin now, and who had no friends.
Pity? He owed her more than that! So
then—there came a sudden thought—so
then, why not? He would not long be
cure of St. Marleau, but while he was—
well, he was the cure of St. Marleau!
He could not remove the ban of excom-
munication, that was beyond the authority
of a mere cure, it would require at least
monseigneur the bishop to do that; but he
could remove the ban—of ostracism!

  Yes, decidedly, the good young Father
Aubert could do that! He knew that
there were no degrees of excommunica-
tion, but that the rigors of the ancient
punishment had been softened by custom
and usage, and that the villagers of their
own accord had drawn more and more
aloof from Mother Blondin. It would,
therefore, not be very difficult.

  He quickened his step, and, reaching
the bottom of the hill, made his way at
once toward the carpenter shop. He
could see Mme. Bouchard hoeing in the
little garden patch between the road and
the front of the shop. It was she that
he now desired to see.

  “ Tiens! Bon jour, Mme. Bouchard!”
he called out to her as he approached.
“ I am come a penitent! I did not deserve
your bread. I am sure that you are vexed
with me! But 1 have not seen you since
to thank you.”

  She came forward to where Raymond
now leaned upon the fence.

  “ Oh, monsieur le cure!” she exclaimed
laughingly. “ How can you say such
THE SIN THAT WAS HIS.

491

things? Fancy!. The idea! Vexed with
you? It is only if you really liked it?”
“H-m!” drawled Raymond teasingly,
pretending to deliberate. “ When do you
bake again, Mme. Bouchard?”

  She laughed outright now.

  “ To-morrow, monsieur le cure—and I
shall see that you are not forgotten.”

  “ It is a long way off—to-morrow,”
said Raymond mournfully; and then, with
a quick smile: “ But only one loaf this
time, Mme. Bouchard, instead of two.”
“Nonsense!” she returned. “It is a
great pleasure. And what are two little
loaves?”

  “ A great deal,” said Raymond, sud-
denly serious. “ A very great deal, Mme.
Bouchard; and especially so if you send
one of the two loaves to some one else
that I know of.”

  “Some one else?”

  “ Yes,” said Raymond. “ To Mother
Blondin.”

  “To—Mother Blondin!” Mme. Bou-
chard stared in utter amazement. “ But
—but, monsieur le cure, you are not in
earnest! She—she is an excommuniee,
and we—we do not—”

  “ I think it would make her very glad,”
said Raymond softly. “ And Mother
Blondin I think has—”

  It was on the tip of his tongue to say
that Mother Blondin was not likely now
to sell any more whisky at the tavern, but
he checked himself. Mother Blondin must
be left to tell of that herself. If he spread
such a tale, she would be more likely than
not to rebel at a situation which she
would probably conceive was being thrust
forcibly down her throat; and, in pure
spite at what she might also conceive to
be a self-preening and boastful spirit on
his part for his superiority over her, sell
all the more, no matter what the conse-
quences to herself. And so he changed
what he was about to say.

  “ And Mother Blondin, I think, has
known but little gladness in her life.”

“ But—but, monsieur le cure,” she
gasped, “ what would the neighbors say?”
“ I hope,” said Raymond, “ that they

 would say they too would send her loaves
 —of kindness.”

   Mme. Bouchard leaned heavily upon
her hoe. “It is many years, monsieur le
cure, since almost I was a little girl, that
any one has willingly had anything to do
with the old woman on the hill.”

   “ Yes,” said Raymond gently. “ And
will you think of that, Mme. Bouchard,
when you bake to-morrow-—the many
_ years—and the few that are left—for
the old woman on the hill?”

   The tears had sprung to Mme. Bou-
chard’s eyes. He left her standing there,
leaning on the hoe.

   He went on along the road toward the
 presbytere. It had been a strange after-
 noon—an illogical one, an imaginary one
 almost. It seemed to have been a jumble
 of complexities and incongruities and un-
 realities—there was the man who was to
 be hanged by the neck until he was dead;
 and a M. Dupont who, through a very
 natural deduction and not because he was
 a fool—for M. Dupont was very far from
 a fool—was now vainly engaged like a dog
 circling around in a wild effort to catch
 his own tail; and there was Mother Blon-
 din, who had another window to gaze
 from; and Mme. Bouchard, who had still
 another.

   Yes, it had been a strange afternoon—
 only now that a voice in the court-room
 was beginning to ring in his ears again.
 “ Father—Father Frangois Aubert—help
 me—I do not understand!”

   And the gnawing was at his soul again,
 and again his hat was lifted from his head
 to cool his fevered brow.

   As he reached the church there came
 to him the sound of organ notes, and
 instead of crossing to the presbytere he
 stepped softly inside to listen—it would
 be Valerie—Valerie and Gauthier Beau-
 lieu, the altar-boy, probably, who often
 pumped the organ for her when she was
 at practice.

   But as he stepped inside the music
ceased, and instead he heard them talking
in the gallery. In the stillness of the
church their voices came to him distinctly.
492

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 “ Valerie ”—yes, that was the boy’s
 voice—“ Valerie, why do they call him
 the good young Father Aubert?”

 “Such a question!” Valerie laughed.
 “ Why do you call him that yourself?”

 “ I don’t—any more. Not after what
 I saw at mass this morning.”

 Raymond drew his breath in sharply.

What was this? What was this that
Gauthier Beaulieu, the altar-boy, had seen
at mass? He had fooled the boy—the
boy could not have seen anything! He
drew back, opening the door cautiously.
They were coming down the stairs now—
but he must hear—hear what it was that
Gauthier Beaulieu had seen.

TO BE CONTINUED NEXT WEEK. Don’t forget this magazine it issued weekly, and that
you will get the continuation of this story without waiting a month.

 a

Edvard

 Isaac

Wheeler

F>R years “ Skinny Jimmy ” Kelly,
the tout, was distinguished from
others of the numerous Kelly clan
by his title. In due course another Jimmy
Kelly attained sufficient prominence in
racing circles to entitle him also to a
distinctive appellation.

  “ Kid ” Blazer, official “ monniker ” in-
ventor, hesitated not at all over the parity
of names. The original “ Skinny,” now so
chunky as to be a parody on his name,
became, in the Kid’s double-pointed de-
scriptive slang, “ One-time Skinny
while the latest addition to the racing
Kellys was nominated “ Skinny th’
Two"-th,” or “ Tooth the latter being
generally accepted by reason of prominent
rabbit-teeth.

  After the winter meeting at Emery-
ville, the two Skinnys, together with nu-
merous other “ hustlers,” followed the
* '
ponies to The Meadows at Seattle; to
Victoria, and finally to Minora Park,
near Vancouver, B. C. Here the touts
reaped a harvest. It was the first season
of international race meets in the northern
cities, and “ form ” cut very little ice
among the patrons. Weird tips made
favorites by sheer weight of moneys
wagered, of horses that figured absolutely
“ nowhere ” on their past performances.

  That Vancouver meeting was a paradise
for touts; something to dream about for
all but one—One-time Skinny Jimmy
Kelly; he could not pick a winner. Cast-
ing about for the “ jinx ” that worked
THE BLUE PAPER.

493

against him, his mind’s eye lighted on
Skinny th’ Tooth. Not since Th’ Tooth’s
advent had things “ broke ” for One-
time; hence, down with Th’ Tooth, ob-
viously.

  Returning from the track on an early
car, One-time became aware of two men
conversing in the seat ahead. It being
the tout’s pleasing policy to overhear any
and all communications not meant for his
ear, he feigned sleep in order to hear as
much as possible. One of the men he
recognized as Henry Carver, owner of a
small “ string ” of horses of which Dal-
bro, a consistent handicap performer, was
the head.

  Mr. Carver was bitterly complaining
to his friend, a stranger to Kelly, of a
leakage in his stable crew which had
started a heavy play on O’Hara a few
days before. From what he heard, Kelly
gathered that Carver had delayed in the
paddock until post-time, in the belief that
no one knew O’Hara was in form.

  On finally entering the betting-ring, he
discovered that O’Hara had been played
down from ten to one to six to five. Car-
ver would not back his horse at the short
odds, and had had the pleasure (?) of
watching the gelding win handily without
a dollar of stable money on him.

  “ Now the tip is out on Dalbro for
the handicap to-morrow,” continued the
owner, while One-time strained every
faculty so as to miss nothing. “ George
Hart told me as soon as the entries were
out last Monday that a certain clique
intend to play him heavily. They’ve been
told he is ready. I have been ‘ prepping ’
him on the country roads with my son
‘ up ’ to try and keep him under cover,
but it’s useless. Somehow, the word has
gone forth, and they’re ready to bet thou-
sands.

  “ Mr. Adams ”—he lowered his voice
until ears less acute than Kelly’s would
have missed the rest—“ unless they
change their plans I’ll teach those bribing
sharpshooters a lesson. Dalbro is short!
He needed one more good work-out to

put him on edge; and—he did not get it!
If he is in front an eighth of a mile from
the wire to-morrow, I’ll eat that poison-
ous vest of yours!”

  One-time Skinny had heard enough. He
dropped off the car at the next corner and
walked into town.

             -	II.

  One-time sat in a booth behind the
Fraser River Bar, planning a .scheme
whereby he could use the information he
had acquired. Dalbro would be played;
a bookmaker armed with the knowledge
that the horse was “ short ” could safely
“ take off ” all the money offered, and—■
why not? Quickly he considered the lay-
ers of odds with whom he was acquainted.

  Humphreys? No; Johnny was square.
Jones? No! Not Jones by a long shot!
Jones would try to get even for that
Chuckawala deal. Grant? Well, Grant
might if— Morgan! That’s th’ guy!
Of course, Morgan.

  Morgan was the latest addition to the
group of “ States ” bookmakers. Morgan
would play fair—fifty-fifty. Only last
Sunday, on a trip through the Inside Pas-
sage, the “ bookie ” had hinted he would
listen to “ info ” of a sure nature. Kelly
had Morgan’s address in his note-book.

  He was interrupted in his search
through its pages by footsteps in the hall-
way leading from the rear entrance. A
stockily-built man strode through to the
bar, favoring One-time with a hard stare,
even looking back over his shoulder as he
passed through the curtained doorway.

  “Huh!” grunted Skinny. “Yuh big
hink! Yuh oughta know me next time
yuh meet me in m’ airyplane,” and re-
turned to his quest of the elusive address.
So engrossed was he that he did not
notice a soldierly-looking man who parted
the curtains and stood for a full minute
sizing him up. This man hesitated as
though about to speak, then swung on
his heel and walked out, nodding to the
bartender. A moment later One-time ap-
peared in the bar.

  “ ’Lo, Jack,” he growled. “ Who was
494

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

that mark that just went out? He
gunned me like I owed ’im.”

  “ Don’t yuh know him?” queried Jack
White, a native son from Frisco, naturally
mistaking the party referred to. “ That’s
Donahue, sergeant of ' dicks.’ From th’
way he give yuh th’ ‘ 0-0 ’ I thought he
was gointa slip yuh a ‘ blue paper.' ”
“Yeah!” jeered One-time. “Fat
chanct these cockney bobbys have t’
hand me one o’ them passports! I stand
purty well here, m’self. That's a fine
crack fer yuh t’ make.”

  The bartender reddened angrily.

  “ Don’t yuh fool yuhrself, Mister Jim-
my Fresh!” he shouted, as Kelly headed
for the door. “ Any time yuh figger
these bulls as dummys yuh’re way off.
They—” The door slammed and he left
the rest unsaid.

  One-time Skinny Kelly plodded mo-
rosely on his way to the hotel where
Morgan resided. In the back of his brain
the words “ blue paper—blue paper ”
adapted themselves to the rhythm of his
footsteps. Suppose he should get one?
It would be just his luck!

  The “ blue paper ” is an institution
peculiarly Vancouveresque. When a va-
grant, parasite, or what other petty of-
fender of public morals becomes particu-
larly obnoxious, officers do not arrest him.
Instead, notice is served on such party
that his presence in the city after the
departure of the first boat will be con-
strued as a contempt of the law; and
that certain punishment will follow.

  That notice is always written on blue
paper; hence the cognomen. The docu-
ment is clearly w’orded and means just
that. From it there is no appeal. If
the one so warned remains, he “ stands
a pinch and so certain of a conviction
is the officer of any British possession
before an arrest is made that recipients
of the “ blue paper ” invariably heed its
warning.

III.

  One-time’s route led him past the
central police station. As the lights of it

hove in sight he was seized with an in-
spiration. A certain inspector of police
was an inveterate race follower. Kelly
had, in a flash of his old-time form,
“ sent the official in ” for three winning
bets. For matters of policy, he had re-
fused a “ cut ” of the winnings, but now
decided to avail himself of the promise
to return the favor at any time possible.
He turned boldly in at the door and asked
for Inspector Hayden.

  “ Cap,” he said, as he took the prof-
fered chair, “ I come t’ do yuh a favor
an’ t’ get one off yuh at th’ same time.
What d’yuh like in th’ handicap t’-mor-
row?”

  “ Why,” answered the puzzled inspect-
or, “ I rather fancied Dalbro. I’ve been
informed that he has a good bit of a
chance.”

  “ I thought so,” affirmed Kelly with
deep satisfaction. “ Now, cap, yuh just
lay offa that hoss. He’s a good hoss—
when he’s ready—but he’s short. .He
won’t go th’ route. I know what I’m
talkin’ about! Keep this under yuhr hat
an’ save yuhrself a bet. If yuh wanta
play th’ race, set it in on April Maid.
She’ll walk in!

  “ Now, I’ll tell yuh what yuh can do
fer me. They’s a feller here by th’ same
name as mine—Jimmy Kelly. I’ve had
a lot o’ trouble on account o’ him. He’s
a tout—a common hustler; don’t pertend
t’ do nothin’ but lay suckers. He’s cop-
pin’ big dough offa these English John-
nies up here, but he can’t light on a track
in th’ States—ruled off everywheres.

  “ Now, I ain’t no snitch, cap; but this
guy’s got my goat. Friends o’ mine in
business hear o’ Jimmy Kelly th’ tout,
an’ when I meet ’em they freeze up on
me. He’s makin’ it awful mis’able fer
me, but I don’t want him pinched, an’ I
don’t want nobudy t’ know I hollered;
but can’t yuh fix it some way so’s he’ll
get a p’lite invite t’ slip back over th’
border?”

  “ Mr. Kelly,” said Inspector Hayden,
smiling through his mustache, “ I appre-
ciate your tip about Dalbro, and I shall
THE BLUE PAPER.

495

heed it. As to the thorn in your flesh,
I think I may safely promise that on the
departure of the Princess Victoria to-
morrow night your namesake will be listed
among her passengers. If you will please
excuse me now, I have some routine mat-
ters to dispose of. Good night, Mr.
Kelly; and drop in any time.”

  Highly elated over his Machiavellian
cunning in ridding himself of his jinx and
making a better friend of the powerful
inspector at one and the same stroke,
One-time Skinny Jimmy Kelly blithely
wended his way in search of Morgan, the
bookmaker. Him he found in his rooms
preparing to retire for the night. One-
time related the conversation he had over-
heard.

  “ Now,” he said in conclusion, “ this
hoss is gointa be played—heavy. Yuh
oughta take off a chunk to th’ race. I’ll
go Hen’ Carver one better. If Dalbro
wins, I’ll agree t’ eat him! Tack, jock,
an’ all!”

  Morgan pondered over the proposition
for a few moments.

  “ I intended to favor the horse,” he
said finally. “ But if what you say is
true—” He subjected Kelly to a search-
ing scrutiny, which that worthy stood
without flinching. One-time was so
absolutely convinced that Carver had
spoken truthfully that even his shifty
eyes flashed assurance. Morgan was
satisfied.

  “ No; yuh ain’t lyin’, Kell’,” he decid-
ed. “ I’ll take a chance. With th’ stal-
lion out of it, April Maid should romp.
I’ll hold her out an’ lay against th’ horse.

  “ But if yuh’re givin’- me th’ wrong
steer,” he added darkly, “ Kelly, I’ll—I’ll
—well, don’t do it, that’s all!

  “ I’ll see yuh at th’ track, an’ if every-
thing goes right, you be at th’ Moosehead
Billiard Hall at six o’clock. I’ll send
yuhrs by my outside man, Harding. Know
him?”

  “ No. I don’t know any of yuhr
crew,” objected One-time, who hated to
trust any one. “ Why can’t I meet yuh
here an’ get it m’self?”

  “ Nothin' doin’!” Morgan was brutal-
ly frank. “ I don’t want t’ make yuh
sore, but I can’t afford t’ have yuh cornin’
to my room. You’re rep ain’t th’ best,
yuh know. I’ll point Harding out to
yuh to-morrow, an’ he’ll slip yuh yuhr
bit in a plain envelope. An’ remember,
I’ll give yuh an even cut of what I clear
to th’ race. I don’t want yuh t’ look me
up to ask any questions. Beat it now,
an’ walk down-stairs. S’long.”

IV.

  A beautiful day and a minor stake,
the Saturday handicap brought out a
record crowd for the day’s racing. Bank
holiday released hundreds, and betting
was never brisker in the big ring.

  Solid members of the nobility rubbed
elbows with or were jostled by cockney
clerks in the swirl of the crowded human
maelstrom. Monocles were in evidence
on the lawn and in the club-house; frock
coats and high hats contrasted with
screaming checks in the paddock and
betting-ring. It was a typical holiday
crowd of cosmopolitan Vancouver.

  Opening odds on the fourth race dis-
closed April Maid as the favorite at seven
to five, with Dalbro a second choice at
two and a half to one. From the first
there was a concerted play on the stallion
that forced the odds on him down until
he ruled an equal choice with the Maid
at two to one. And still the Dalbro
money poured in. It seemed as though
every patron of the races from millionaire
bank president to humblest “ punter ” or
“ piker ” meant to have a monetary in-
terest in the horse’s sure win.

  Morgan laid the best odds in the ring
from opening until starting-bell. As the
bettors struggled before his book fairly
raining money upon him, he spent some
anxious moments wondering if the tout
had not merely taken a chance. He was
a gamester, however; and when the bar-
rier sprung in front of the grandstand for
the mile dash Morgan wiped his slate of
the longest odds in the betting-ring—■
496

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Dalbro, four to five. The book stood to
dear over six thousand to the race if
Dalbro finished second or worse.

  One-time Skinny made no attempt to
“lay a client” to the race. From the
first posting of odds, he stood in the
crowd before Morgan’s book, watching
every bet accepted. His rather sluggish
mind soon lost track of the increasing
total of moneys wagered,and although he
could see that Morgan intended to fulfil
his agreement, he stuck doggedly to his
post. The only time he left his position
was to rush across the ring and bet five
dollars on April Maid at three to one.

  Morgan gritted his teeth as he spotted
One-time on guard.

  “ That guy’s so crooked himself,” he
muttered, “ that he wouldn’t trust ol’
Saint Peter t’ pick him out a halo. He’d
want th’ key to th’ prop-room fer fear
th’ ol’ boy’d slip ’im a phony. It galls
me t’ mingle with that sport; but ‘ all
pleasures have their pains,’ as th’ monkey
said when he kissed th’ porkypine.”

  True to Carver’s prediction, Dalbro
was short. As he began to drop behind
the challenging April Maid at the eighth
pole, Morgan motioned One-time to step
up on the block beside him.

  “ Know Donohue, th’ dick?” asked
Morgan. “ See him standin’ by th’ fence
talkin’ to a feller?”

  Kelly looked in the indicated direction
and discovered the man who had aroused
his ire by staring so closely as he passed
through the Fraser River the night be-
fore, talking to a tall, soldierly-looking
party. Jimmy nodded.

  “ That’s my outside man, Harding,
talkin’ to Donohue. He’s th’ one I’ll send
to-night with yuhr bit. Be near th’ door
in th’ Moosehead at six sharp. Away
now!"

V.

  A group of touts sat in the rear of the
Moosehead billiard parlors a little before
six o’clock that evening. They were lis-
tening to Skinny Jimmy Kelly, Th’ Tooth,
who was “ making a roar.”

  “ I don’t understand this at all,” com-
plained Th’ Tooth bitterly. “ I’ve put
Williams onta a dozen good things at th’
meetin’, an’ he never fell down on me
before. Course, this is th’ first time he’s
made any such bet as two grand; but
gee! I’m sure entitled to a split on this
one. If I don’t stop ’im he’s bound t’
lose it on Dalbro. He fell hard fer th’
tip on th’ stud, an’ I had t’ talk an arm
offa m’self t’ get ’im t’ switch t’ April
Maid. I didn’t give Dalbro a chance; I
thought th’ Maid was in!”

  “ Yuh was lucky, at that,” stated Th’
Salt Lake Kid. “'Dalbro's th’ best hoss.
If he’s ready, he beats April Maid.”

  “ He didn’t beat ’er, though,” argued
Th’ Tooth. “ They’s a lot o’ difference
between losin’ two grand an’ winnin’ six,
an’ I’m sure entitled t’ mine! I didn’t
think nothin’ of it when he told me t’ be
here at five-thirty ’cause he’s dated me
out like this before; but when yuh tell
me, Lake, that he's framin’ t’ take th’
Princess Vic’ out, an’ he ain’t here yet,
I’m beginnin’ t’ think they’s somethin’
fishy about it. We’ll wait here a few
minutes longer, an’ if he don’t show up
by then we’ll go down to th’ wharf. I
ain’t gointa let three thousan’ bucks get
away without a beef! Sure yuh ain’t
mistook about him blowin’, Lake?”

  “ I tell yuh,” swore Th’ Lake positive-
ly, “ I saw him checkin’ his keester at
th’ hotel desk! I was dost enough t’
ring his watch if I’d wanted t’. His wiff’s
with ’im, too. Oh, he’s goin’ all right.
Yuh’re stung if yuh don’t nail ’im at th’
dock. Hello! Who’s that grouch, One-
time, pointin’ out in this bunch?”

  \ear the door, One-time,Skinny had
waited for half an hour. At five minutes
to six the door opened, admitting the
stockily-built man whom he believed was
Donohue, the detective. The tout’s heart
gave a joyful bound as the man stood
glancing over the players and loungers.

  “ I bet Donohue’s lookin’ fer Th’ Tooth
now,” chortled One-time. Sure enough,
the official-looking person crossed over to
him and said bruskly:
THE BLUE PAPER.

497

  “ I’m looking for Jimmy Kelly. Is he
about?” at the same time half-removing
a blue envelope from his inside pocket.

  “ That’s him, standin’ up back there,”
said One-time, pointing. “ Th’ one with
th’ buck teeth.” The stranger hesitated.

  “ Are you sure?” he asked sharply. “ I
don’t want to make a mistake.”

 “Yuh ain’t makin’ no mistake!”
growled One-time. “ That’s th’ guy yuh
want. If yuh don’t believe me, ask him.”
Through the door glass he saw the
look'of surprise on Th’ Tooth’s face as
he separated from the group; with gloat-
ing eyes he watched the blue envelope
change hands, and then—he turned at a
touch on his arm. He was confronted
by the tall man Morgan had pointed out.

  “ Your name’s Jimmy Kelly,” affirmed,
rather than questioned, the soldierly-ap-
pearing person.

  “ Yuhr some good little guesser,” ac-
knowledged One-time Skinny in good
humor. “ Yuh’re*talkin’ t’ th’ right party.”
“ Well, Mr. Kelly, I’ve got a little
present for you.” He produced a blue
envelope which he handed to the tout.

  “Yeah; I’ve been expectin’ it.” Kelly
reached for the envelope. “ Why, what’s
this; a check?” he asked in surprise as
he felt its thin proportions.

  The tall man smiled sardonically.

  “ I guess not a check, exactly,” he said.
“ Unless it’s on your activities. You know
what the ‘ blue paper ’ means, don’t you?
It don’t mean that you leave town to-
morrow, or next week; but that you take
the boat in less than twenty minutes.
Will you take it yourself, or shall I pro-
vide an escort for you?”

  “ Blue paper!” yelled the amazed One-
time. “ Blue— Say! Hold on, Harding.
What ’re yuh tryin’ to do, kid me?”

  “ I’m not ‘ kidding ’ you,” sternly an-
swered the other. “ Also, my name’s not
Harding, or Smith, but Donohue, ser-
geant of detectives. Get along now!
You’ve no time to waste.” He shoved
Kelly in the direction of the docks.

  “Don’t get so gay!” blustered One-
time. “ They’s a mistake here. / ain’t

goin' ta take no steamer; not t’-night ner
no time till I get good an’ ready. I-got
business here. Yuh, don’t chase me, Mr.
Wisenheimer! I’ll see th’ cap, an’—”

  “ You’ll see him in the States if you
do,” interrupted the officer. “ Here, Har-
rigan!” he called a man standing by the
curb. “ Take this fellow down to the
dock. See that he takes the boat! I
won’t go to the trouble of appearing in
court—not for the likes of you!” He
gave the protesting “ hustler ” a start.
“I’ll send your things to you when you
write for them. Hurry, Harrigan!”

  Back in the Mobsehead bar an hour
later a group of hilarious “ hustlers ” were
seated at a table surrounded by several
buckets of ice with the red tops of ple-
thoric bottles protruding therefrom. They
were celebrating Th’ Tooth’s killing. Th’
Tooth himself, mellowed by the wine, was
swearing eternal love for Williams:

  “ I knowed that Williams was a right
guy! I never doubted ’im fer* a minute;
but I wisht I’d ’a’ gone down t’ th’ boat
t’ see ’im off. I would ’a’ gone if Th’
Lake ’d ’a’ waited fer me.”

  Attention was distracted by the hurried
entrance of the Salt Lake Kid.

  “Hey! Fellers!” he panted as he
joined the group. “ Who d’ yuh think
gotta ‘ blue one ’? One-time Skinny!
Yessir! A big dick come draggin’.’im
down just as they pulled in th’ gang-
plank. Holy mackinaw! But he was th’
ravin’ maniac! Serves th’ grouchy stiff
right. He’s been—”

  “ Say, lissen!” interrupted Frenchy.
“ That guy ain’t such a rotten gink. That
messenger Williams sent t’ yuh, Tooth,
tried t’ slip One-time th’ taller, an’ he
wouldn’t take it. I seen it come off!
He pointed yuh out, when he could ’a’
copped th’ kale hisself, an’ yuh’d never ’a’
been th’ wiser with Williams away!”

  “ Blue paper! ” mused Skinny th’ Tooth,
voicing his thoughts. “ That’s a hot one!
D’yuh know, fellers, when that plug
slipped me th’ love-wrapper, I thought
fer a minute I’d got one m’self!”
^ JoKn Charles Beeckam

Author of “ Leah.” “ That Affair of Dahj&ngsari," etc., etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS

KOYALA, daughter of Leveque, a French trader, and a native Borneo woman, has been brought
up as white at the mission school. When she learns of her birth her horror and bitterness
turn to hatred of the white race, and she becomes the leader of her mother’s people—pirates
and head-hunters—who call her Bintang Burung, the Argus Pheasant, and on account of her white
skin and education look up to her with superstitious awe. Under her leadership lawlessness has
thriven until, the Dutch government is desperate. His Excellency Van Schouten, by advice of his
secretary, Sachsen, appoints Peter Gross, the American mate of the ship Coryander, resident at
Bulungan. Peter, after some hesitation, decides to accept, but is warned by Sachsen that Koyala
is a beauty and a siren, who has already got the acting-resident, Mynheer Muller, entirely under
her influence. Peter decides to take with him only twenty-five picked men. He has little difficulty
in getting these, but finds* it hard to get a leader to suit him. Finally an old sea captain tells him
of an ex-American army officer, Captain Carver. Gross finds Carver exactly the man he wants and
hires him. They arrive in Bulungan, where Peter goes ashore alone and interviews Muller and Van
Slyck, the military commander.

     Peter calls a meeting of all the native chiefs, rajas, et cetera, and tries to win their confidence.
Under the secret influence of Ah Sing, however, the worst element gets control, and Peter is about
to be killed when Koyala interferes and turns the tide in Gross’s favor, most of the chiefs swearing
blood brotherhood. Captain Carver, however, is not convinced of Koyala’s good faith, and that
same night a poisoned arrow narrowly misses Peter. A Sea Dyak is killed and the Hill Dyaks are
accused. Accompanied only by Paddy Rouse, Peter goes to make inquiry into the murder, and
proves to the satisfaction of the chief that the man was killed by his own brother, who wanted his
wife, and not by a Hill Dyak. A tribal war is averted, but Ah Sing with his gang of pirates turn
up and claim Peter as his legitimate prey. Koyala again interferes, insisting that the resident be
allowed to depart in peace,. He does so, but later Ah Sing treacherously waylays his boat and
captures both he and Paddy. They are taken ashore to be held fo-: torture, but the native Borneans
seeing Paddy’s red hair believe him a child of the sun, and refuse to allow him to be killed. Peter,
however, they do not care about, and he is taken away by the Chinamen. In the temporary absence
of Ah Sing, Captain Carver, warned through Koyala, effects a rescue of Peter, but Paddy has dis-
appeared. They follow the tracks of his captors until a scout appears with the news that a big
band of natives is just before them.

CHAPTER XXV.

THE FIGHT ON THE BEACH.

GARVER gave a low-voiced com-
mand to halt, and enjoined his
men to see to their weapons. As
he ran his eyes over his company and saw

This story began in the AU-Story Weekly for February 3.

498

 their dogged jaws and alert, watchful
 faces, devoid of any trace of nervousness
 and excitability, his face lit with a quiet
 satisfaction. These men would fight—
 they were veterans who knew how to fight
 and they had a motive—Paddy was a
 universal favorite.
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

499

  A Dyak plunged through the bush to-
ward Jahi and jabbered excitedly. Jahi
cried:

  “ China boy, him go proa, three-four
sampun.”

  “ Lead the way,” Carver cried. Peter
Gross translated.

  “ Double time,” the captain shouted, as
Jahi and his tribesmen plunged through
the bush at a pace too swift for even Peter
Gross.

  In less than three minutes they reached
the edge of the jungle, back about fifty
yards from the coral beach. Four hun-
dred yards from shore a proa was being
loaded from several large sampuns. Some
distance out to sea, near the horizon, was
another proa.

  A sharp command from Carver kept his
men from rushing out on the beach in their
ardor. In a moment or two every rifle in
the company was covering the sampuns.
But there were sharp eyes and ears on
board the proa as well as on shore, and a
cry of alarm was given from the deck.
The Chinese in the sampuns leaped up-
ward. At the same moment Carver gave
the command to fire.

  Fully twenty Chinamen on the two sam-
puns floating on the leeward side of the
proa made the leap to her deck, and of
these eleven fell back, so deadly was the
fire. Only two of them dropped into the
boats, the others falling into the sea.
Equipped with the latest type of magazine
rifle, Carver’s irregulars continued pump-
ing lead into the proa. Several Chinamen
thrust rifles over the rail and attempted a
reply, but when one dropped back with a
bullet through his forehead and another
with a creased skull, they desisted and
took refuge behind the ship’s steel-jacket-
ed rail. Perceiving that the proa was
armored against rifle-fire, Carver ordered
all but six of his command to cease firing,
the six making things sufficiently hot to
keep the pirates from replying.

  The sampuns were sinking. Built of
skins placed around a bamboo frame, they
had been badly cut by the first discharge.
As one of them lowered to the gunwale,

those on shore could see a wounded China-
man, scarce able to crawl, beg his com-
panions to throw him a rope. A coil of
hemp shot over the deck of the vessel.
The pirate reached for it, but at that mo-
ment the sampun went down and left him
swirling in the water. A dorsal fin cut
the surface close by, there was a little
flurry, and the pirate disappeared.

  Peter Gross made his way through the
bush toward Carver. The latter was
watching the proa with an anxious frown.

  “ They’ve got a steel jacket on her,” he
declared in answer to the resident’s ques-
tion. “ So long as they don’t show them-
selves we can’t touch them. We couldn’t
go out to them in sampuns if we had
them; they’d sink us.”

  “ Concentrate your fire on the water-
line,” Peter Gross suggested. “ The ar-
mor doesn’t probably reach very low, and
some of these proas are poorly built.”

  “A good idea!” Carver bellowed the
order.

  The fire was concentrated at the stern,
where the ship rode highest. That those
on board became instantly aware of the
maneuver was evident from the fact that
a pirate, hideously attired with a belt of
human hands, leaned over the bow to
slash at the hempen cable with his kris.
He gave two cuts when he straightened
spasmodically and tumbled headlong into
the sea. He did not appear above the
surface again.

  “ Ecu,” John Vander Esse, a member
of the crew, murmured happily, refilling
his magazine. “ Now for nummer twee.”
(Number two.)

  But the kris had been whetted to a
keen edge. A gust of wind filled the
proa’s cumbersome triangular sail and
drove her forward. The weakened cable
snapped. The ship lunged and half rolled
into the trough of the waves; then the
steersmen, sheltered in their box, gained
control and swung it about.

  “ Gif heem all you got,” Anderson, a
big Scandinavian and particularly fond of
Rouse, yelled. The concentrated fire of
the twenty-five rifles emptied, refilled, and
500

ALL-STpRY WEEKLY.

emptied as fast as human hands could per-
form these operations, centered on the
stern of the ship. Even sturdy teak could
not resist that battering. The proa had
not gone a hundred yards before it was
seen that the stern was settling. Suddenly
it came about and headed for the shore.

  There was a shrill yell from Jahi’s
Dyaks. Carver shouted a hoarse order to
Jahi, who dash^l away with 'his hillmen
to the point where the ship was about to
ground. The rifle-fire kept on undimin-
ished while Carver led his men in short
dashes along the edge of the bush to the
same spot. The proa was nearing the
beach when a white flag was hoisted on
her deck. Carver instantly gave the order
to cease firing, but kept his men hidden.
The proa lunged on. A hundred feet
from the shore it struck on a shelf of coral.
The sound of tearing planking was dis-
tinctly audible above the roar of the
waves. The water about the ship seemed
to be fairly alive with fins.

  “ We will accept their surrender,” Peter
Gross said to Carver, stepping forward.
“ I shall tell them to send a boat ashore.”
“ Don’t expose yourself, Mr. Gross,”
Carver cried anxiously. Peter Gross
stepped into the shelter of a coconut-palm
and shouted the Malay for “ Ahoy.”

  A Chinaman appeared at the bow. His
dress and trappings showed that he was a
juragan.

  “ Lower a boat and come ashore. But
leave your guns behind,” Peter Gross or-
dered.

  The juragan cried that there was no
boat aboard. Peter Gross conferred with
Jahi who had hastened toward them to
find out what the conference meant.
When the resident told him that there was
to be no more killing, his disappointment
was evident.

  “ They have killed my people without
mercy,” he objected. “ They will cut my
brother’s throat to-morrow and hang his
skull in their lodges.”

  It was necessary to use diplomacy to
avoid mortally offending his ally, the resi-
dent saw.

  “ It is not the white man’s way to kill
when the fight is over,” he said. “ More-
over, we will hold them as hostages for
our son, whom Djath has blessed.”

  Jahi nodded dubiously. “ My brother’s
word is good,” he said. “ There is a creek
near by. Maybe my boys find him sam-
pun.”

  “ Go, my brother,” Peter Gross direct-
ed. “ Come back as soon as possible.”

  Jahi vanished into the bush. A half-
hour later Peter Gross made out a small
sampun, paddled by two Dyaks, approach-
ing from the south. That the Dyaks were
none too confident was apparent from the
anxious glances that they shot at the proa,
already showing signs of breaking up.

  Peter Gross shouted again to the jura-
gan, and instructed him that every man
leaving the proa must stand on the rail,
in full sight of those on shore, and show
that he was weaponless before descending
into the sampun. The juragan consented.

  It required five trips to the doomed
ship before all on board were taken off.
There were thirty-seven in all—eleven
sailors and the rest off-scourings of the
Java and Celebes seas, whose only voca-
tion was cutting throats. They glared at
their captors like tigers; it was more than
evident that practically all of them except
the juragan fully expected to meet the
same fate that they meted out to every
one who fell into their hands, and were
prepared to sell their lives as dearly as
possible.

  “ A nasty crew,” Carver remarked to
Peter Gross as the pirates were herded on
the beach under the rifles of his company.
“ Every man’s expecting to be handed the
same dose as he’s handed some poor devil.
I wonder why they didn’t sink with their
ship?”

  Peter Gross did not stop to explain, al-
though he knew the reason why—the Mo-
hammedan’s horror of having his corpse
pass into the belly of a shark.

  “ We’ve got to tie them up and make a
chain gang of them,” Carver said thought-
fully. “ I wouldn’t dare go through the
jungle with that crew any other way.”
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

501

  Peter Gross was looking at Jahi, in
earnest conversation with several of his
tribesmen. He perceived that the hill
chief had all he could do to restrain his
people from falling on the pirates, long
their oppressors.

  “ I will speak to them,” he announced
quietly. He stepped forward.

  “ Servants of Ah Sing,” he shouted in
an authoritative tone. All eyes were in-
stantly focused on him.

  “ Servants of Ah Sing,” he repeated,
“ the fortunes of war have this day made
you my captives. You must go with me
to Bulungan. If you will not go, you
shall die hete.”

  A simultaneous movement affected the
pirates. They clustered more closely to-
gether, fiercely defiant, and stared with
the fatalistic indifference of Oriental
peoples into the barrels of the rifles aimed
at them.

  “ You’ve all heard of me,” Peter Gross
resumed. “You know that the voice of
Peter Gross speaks truth, that lies do not
come from his mouth.” He glanced at a
Chinaman on the outskirts of the crowd.
“ Speak, Wong Ling Lo, you sailed with
me on the Daisy Deane, is it not so?”
Wong Ling Lo was now the center of
attention. Each of the pirates awaited his
reply with breathless expectancy. Peter
Gross’s calm assurance, his candor and
simplicity was already stirring in them a
hope that in other moments they would
have deemed utterly fantastic, contrary to
all nature—a hope that this white man
might be different from other men, might
possess that attribute so utterly incompre-
hensible to their dark minds—mercy.”

  “ Peter Gross, him no lie,” was Wong
Ling Lo’s unemotional admission.

  “ You have heard what Wong Ling Lo
says,” Peter Gross cried. “ Now, listen to
what I say. You shall go back with me to
Bulungan; alive, if you are willing; dead,
if you are not. At Bulungan each one of
you shall have a fair trial. Every man
who can prove that his hand has not taken
life shall be sentenced to three years on
the coffee plantations for his robberies,

then he shall be set free and provided
with a farm of his own to till so that he
may redeem himself. Every man who has
taken human life in the service of Ah
Sing shall die.”

  He paused to see the effect of his an-
nouncement. The owlish faces turned to-
ward him were wholly enigmatic, but the
intensity of each man’s gaze revealed to
Peter Gross the measure of their interest.

  “ I cannot take you along the trail
without binding you,” he said. “ Your
oaths are worthless; I must use the power
I have over you. Therefore you will now
remember the promise I have made you,
and submit yourselves to be bound. Jura-
gan, you are the first.”

  As one of Carver’s force came forward
with cords salvaged from the proa, the
juragan met him, placed his hands behind
his back, and suffered them to be tied to-
gether. The next man hesitated, then
submitted also, casting anxious glances at
his companions. The third submitted
promptly. The fourth folded his hands
across his chest.

  “ I remain here,” he announced.

  “Very well,” Peter Gross said impas-
sively. He forced several Chinamen who
were near to move back. They gave
ground sullenly. At Carver’s orders a
firing-squad of three men stood in front of
the Chinaman, whose back was toward the
bay.

  “ Will you go with us?” Peter Gross
asked again.

  The Chinaman’s face was a ghostly
gray, but very firm.

  “ Allah wills I stay here,” he replied.
His lips curled with a calm contemptu-
ousness at the white man’s inability to rob
him of the place in heaven that he be-
lieved his murders had made for him.
With that smile on his lips he died.

  A sudden silence came upon the crowd.
Even Jahi’s Dyaks, scarcely restrained by
their powerful chief before this, ceased
their mutterings and looked with new re-
spect on the big orang blanda resident.
There were no more refusals among the
Chinese. On instructions from Peter
502

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Gross four of them were left unbound to
carry the body of their dead comrade to
Bulungan. “ Alive or dead,” he had said.
So it would be all understood.

CHAPTER XXVI.

“ TO HALF OF MY KINGDOM—”

CAPTAIN CARVER selected a cigar
from Peter Gross’s humidor and
reclined in the most comfortable
chair in the room.

  “ A beastly hot day,” he announced,
wiping the perspiration from his forehead.
“ Regular Manila weather.”

  “ The monsoon failed us again to-day,”
Peter Gross observed.

  Carver dropped the topic abruptly. “ I
dropped over,” he announced, “ to see if
the juragan talked any.”

  Peter Gross glanced out of the window
toward the jungle-crowned hills. The
lines of his mouth were very firm.

“ He told me a great deal,” he said.

  “ About Paddy?” There was an anx-
ious ring in Carver’s voice.

“ About Paddy—and other things.”

  “ The lad’s come to no harm?”

  “ He is aboard Ah Sing’s proa, the proa
we saw standing out to sea when we
reached the beach. He is safe—for the
present at least. He will be useful to Ah
Sing, the natives reverence him so highly.”
“Thank God!” Carver ejaculated in a
relieved voice. “ We’ll get him back. It
may take time, but we’ll get him.”

  Peter Gross made no reply. He was
staring steadfastly at the hills again.

  “ Odd he didn’t take you, too,” Carver
remarked.

  “ The juragan told me that he intended
to come back with a portion of his crew
for me later,” Peter Gross said. “ They
fan short of provisions, so they had to
go back to the proas, and they took Paddy
with them. Some one warned them you
were on the march with Jahi, so they fled.
Tsang Che, the juragan, says his crew was
slow in taking on fresh water; that is how
we were able to surprise him.”

 “ That explains it,” Carver remarked.
 <! I couldn’t account for their leaving you
 behind.”

 Peter Gross lapsed into silence again.

 “ Did you get anything else from him,
 any real evidence?” Carver suggested
 presently.

 The resident roused himself with an
 effort.

 “ A great deal. Even more than I like
 to believe.”

 “ He turned state’s evidence?”

 “ You might call it that.”

 “You got enough to clear up this
 mess?”

 “ No,” Peter Gross replied slowly. “ I
 would not say that. What he told me
 deals largely with past events, things that
 happened before I came here. It is the
 present with which we have to deal.”

 “ I’m a little curious,” Carver con-
 fessed.

 Peter Gross passed his hand over his
 eyes and leaned back.

 “ He told me what I have always be-
 lieved. Of the confederation of pirates
 with Ah Sing at their head; of the agree-
 ments they have formed with those in
 authority; of where the ships have gone
 that have been reported missing from time
 to time and what became of their cargoes;
 of how my predecessor died. He made a
 very full and complete statement. I have
 it here, written in Dutch', and signed by
 him.” Peter Gross tapped a drawer in his
 desk.

 “ It compromises Van Slvck?”

 “ He is a murderer.”

 “ Of De Jonge—your predecessor?”

 “ It was his brain that planned.”

 “ Muller?”

 “ A slaver and embezzler.”

 . “ You’re going to arrest them?” Carver
 scanned his superior’s face eagerly.

 “ Not yet,” Peter Gross dissented quiet-
 ly. “ We have only the word of a pirate
 so far. And it covers many things that
 happened before we came here.”

 “ We’re waiting too long,” Carver as-
 serted dubiously. “ We’ve been lucky so
 far; but luck will turn.”
THE ARGUS

PHEASANT.

503

  “We are getting the situation in hand
better every day. They will strike soon,
their patience is ebbing fast; and we will
have the Prins with us in a week.”

  “ The blow may fall before then.”

  “ We must be prepared. It would be
folly for us to strike now. We have no
proof except this confession, and Van
Slyck has powerful friends at home.”

  “ That reminds me,” Carver exclaimed.
“ Maybe these documents will interest
you. They are the papers Jahi found on
your jailers. They seem to be a set of
accounts, but they’re Dutch to me.” He
offered the papers to Peter Gross, who un-
folded them and began to read.

  “Are they worth anything?” Carver
asked presently, as the resident carefully
filed them in the same drawer in which he
had placed Tsang Che’s statement.

  “ They are Ah Sing’s memoranda. They
tell of the disposition of several cargoes of
ships that have been reported lost recently.
There are no names, but symbols. It may
prove valuable some day.”

  “ What are your plans?”

  “ I don’t know. I must talk with Koy-
ala before I decide. She is coming this
afternoon.”

  Peter Gross glanced out of doors at that •
moment and his face brightened. “ Here
she comes now,” he said.

  Carver rose. “ I think I’ll be going,”
he declared gruffly.

  “ Stay, captain, by all means.”

  Carver shook his head. He was frown-
ing and he cast an anxious glance at the
resident.

  “ No; I don’t trust her. I’d be in the
way, anyway.” He glanced swiftly at the
resident to see the effect of his words.
Peter Gross was looking down the lane
along jvhich Koyala was approaching. A
necklace of flowers encircled her throat
and bracelets of blossoms hung on her
arms—gardenia, tuberose, hill daisies, and
the scarlet bloom of the flame-of-the-forest
tree. Her hat was of woven nipah palm-
leaves, intricately fashioned together. Al-
together she was a most alluring picture.
When Peter Gross looked up Carver was

gone. Koyala entered with the familiarity
of an intimate friend.

   “ What is this I hear?” Peter Gross
asked with mock severity. “ You have
been saving me from my enemies again.”

   Koyala !s smile was neither assent nor
denial.

   “ This is getting to be a really serious
situation for me,” he chaffed. “I am
finding myself more hopelessly in your
debt every day.”

   Koyala glanced at him swiftly, search-
ingly. His frankly ingenuous, almost boy-
ish smile evoked a whimsical response
from her.

  “ What are you going to do when I
present my claim?” she demanded.

   Peter Gross spread out his palms in
mock dismay. “ Go into bankruptcy,” he
replied. “ It’s the only thing left for me
to do.”

   “ My bill will stagger you,” she warned.

   “You know the Persian’s answer, ‘ All
that I have to the half of my kingdom,’ ”
he jested.

   “ I might ask more,” Koyala ventured
daringly.

  Peter Gross’s face sobered. Koyala
saw that, for some reason, her reply did
not please him. A strange light glowed
momentarily in her eyes. Instantly con-
trolling herself, she said in carefully mod-
ulated tones:

   “ You sent for me, mynheer?”

   “ I did,” Peter Gross admitted. “ I
must ask another favor of you, Koyala.”
The mirth was gone from his voice also.

   “ What is it?” she asked quietly.

   “ You know whom we have lost,” Peter
Gross said, plunging directly into the sub-
ject. “ Ah Sing carried him away. His
uncle, the boy’s only living relative, is an
■ old sea captain under whom I served for
some time and a very dear friend. I
promised him 1 would care for the lad. I
must bring the boy back. You alone can
help me.”

   The burning intensity of Koyala’s eyes
moved even Peter Gross, unskilled as he
was in the art of reading a woman’s heart
through her eyes. He felt vaguely un-
504

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

comfortable, vaguely felt a peril he could
not see or understand.

  “ What will be my reward if I bring
him back to you?” Koyala asked. Her
tone was almost flippant.

  “ You shall have whatever lies in my
power as resident to give,” Peter Gross
promised gravely.

  Koyala laughed. There was a strange,
jarring note in her voice.

  “ I accept your offer, Mynheer Resi-
dent.” she said. “ But you should not
have added those two words, £ as resi-
dent.’ ”

  Rising like a startled pheasant, she
glided out of the door and across the
plain. Peter Gross stared after her until
she had disappeared.

CHAPTER XXVII.

A WOMAN SCORNED.

IT was Inchi who brought the news of
• Paddy’s return. Three days after
Koyala’s departure the little Dyak
lad burst breathlessly upon a colloquy
between Peter Gross and Captain Carver
and announced excitedly:

  “ Him, Djath boy, him, orang blanda
Djath boy, him come.”

  “ What the devil is he driving at?”
Carver growled. The circumlocution of
the south sea islander was a perennial
mystery to him.

  “ Paddy is coming,” Peter Gross cried.
“ Now get your breath, Inchi, and tell us
where he is.”

  His scant vocabulary exhausted, Inchi
broke into a torrent of Dyak. By requir-
ing the lad to repeat several times, Peter
Gross finally understood his message.

  “ Paddy, Koyala, and some of Koyala’s
Dyaks are coming along the mountain
trail,” he announced. “ They will be here
in an hour. She sent a runner ahead to
let us know, but the runner twisted an
ankle. Inchi found him and got the mes-
sage.”

  There was a wild cheer as Paddy, dusty
and matted with perspiration, several

Dyaks, and Koyala emerged • from the
banyan-grove and crossed the plain. Dis-
cipline was forgotten as the entire com-
mand crowded around the lad.

  “ I shot two Chinaman’s for you,”
Vander Esse announced. “An’ now daat
vas all unnecessary.”

  “ Ye can’t keep a rid-head bottled up,”
Larry Malone, another member of the
company, shouted exultingly.

  “ Aye ban tank we joost get it nice
quiet van you come back again,” Ander-
son remarked in mock melancholy. The
others hooted him down.

  Koyala stood anart from the crowd with
her Dyaks and looked on. Glancing up-
ward, Peter Gross noticed her, noticed,
too, the childishly wistful look upon her
face. He instantly guessed the reason—
she felt herself apart from these people of
his, unable to share their intimacy. Re-
morse smote him. She, to whom all their
success was due, and who now rendered
this crowning service, deserved better
treatment. He hastened toward her.

  “ Koyala,” he said, his voice vibrant
with the gratitude he felt, “ how can we
repay you?”

  Koyala made a weary gesture of dissent.
“ Let us not speak of that now, myn-
heer,” she said.

  “ But come to my home,” he said. “ We
must have luncheon together—you and
Captain Carver and Paddy and I.” With
a quick afterthought he added: “ I will in-
vite Mynheer Muller also.”

  The momentary gleam of pleasure that
had lit Koyala’s face at the invitation
died at the mention of Muller’s name.

  “ I am sorry,” she said, but there was
no regret in her voice. “ I must go back
to my people, to Djath’s temple and the
priests. It is a long journey; I must start
at once.”

  “You cannot leave us now!” Peter
Gross exclaimed in consternation.

  “ For the present I must,” she said re-
signedly. “ Perhaps when the moon is
once more in the full, I shall come back
to see what you have done.”

  “ But we cannot do without you!”
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

505

  “ Is a woman so necessary?” she asked,
and smiled sadly.

  “ You are necessary to Bulungan’s
peace,” Peter Gross affirmed. “ Without
you we can have no peace.”

  “ If you need me, send one of my
people,” she said. “ I will leave him here
with you. He will know where to find
me.”

  “ But that may be too late,” Peter Gross
objected. His tone became very grave.
“ The crisis is almost upon us,” he de-
clared. “ Ah Sing will make the supreme
test soon—how soon I cannot say—but I
do not think he will let very many days
pass by. He is not accustomed to being
thwarted. I shall need you here at my
right hand to advise me.”

  Koyala looked at him searchingly. The
earnestness of his plea, the troubled look
in his straightforward, gray eyes fixed so
pleadingly upon her, seemed to impress
her.

  “ There is a little arbor in the banyan-
grove yonder where we can talk undis-
turbed.” she said in a voice of quiet au-
thority. “ Come with me.”

  •• We can use my office,” Peter Gross
offered, but Koyala shook her head.

  “ I must be on my journey. I will see
you in the grove.”

  Peter Gross walked beside her. He
found difficulty keeping the pace she set,
she glided along like a winged thing. Ko-
yala kd him directly to the clearing and
reclined with a sigh of utter weariness in
the shade of a stunted Nipa palm.

  “ It has been a long journey,” she said
with a wan smile. “ I am very tired.”
Forgive me,” Peter Gross exclaimed
in contrition. “ I should not have let
you go. You must come back with me
to the residency and rest until to-mor-
row.”

  “ A half-hour’s rest will be all I need,”
Koyala replied.

  “ But this is no place for you,” Peter
Gross expostulated.

  “ The jungle is my home,” Koyala said
with simple pride. “ The Argus Pheas-
ant nests in the thickets.”

  “ Surely not at night?”

  “What is there to harm me?” Koyala
smiled wearily at his alarm.

  “ But the wild beasts,, the tigers, and
the leopards, and the orang-utans in the
hill districts, and the snakes?”

  “ They are all my friends. When the
tiger calls, I answer. If he is hungry, I
keep away. I know all the sounds of the
jungle, my grandfather, Chawatangi,
taught them to me. I know the warning
hiss of the snake as he glides through the
grasses, I know the timid hoofbeat of the
antelope, I know the stealthy rustle of
the wild hogs. They and the jackals are
the only animals I cannot trust.”

  “ But where do you sleep?” -
“ If the night is dark and there is no
moon, I cut a bundle of bamboo canes. I
bind these with creepers to make a plat-
form and hang it in a tree. Then I swing
between heaven and earth as securely, or
more securely, than you do in your house,
for I am safe from the malice of men. If
it rains I make a shelter of palm-leaves
on a bamboo frame. These things one
learns quickly in the forest.”

  “ You wonderful woman,” Peter Grbss
breathed in admiration.

  Koyala smiled. She lay stretched out
her full length on the ground. Peter Gross
squatted beside her.

 “ You haven’t told me where you
found Paddy?” he remarked after a
pause.

  “ Oh, that was easy,” she said. “ Ah
Sing has a station a little way this side of
the Sadong country—”

  Peter Gross nodded.

  “ I knew that he would go there. So I
followed. When I got there Ah Sing was
loading his proa with stores. I learned
that your boy was a prisoner in one of
the houses of his people. I went to Ah
Sing and begged his life. I told him he
was sacred to Djath, that the Dyaks of
Bulungan thought him very holy indeed.
Ah Sing was very angry. He stormed
about the loss of his proa and refused to
listen to me. He said he would hold the
boy as a hostage.
506

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ That night I went to the hut and
found one of my people on guard. He
let me in. I cut the cords that bound
the boy, dyed his face brown,. and gave
him a woman’s dress. I told him to wait
for me in the forest until he heard my
cry. The guard thought it was me when
he left.”

  Her voice drooped pathetically.

  “ They brought me to Ah Sing. He
was very angry, he would have killed me,
I think, if he had dared. He struck me
—see, here is the mark.” She drew back
the sleeve of her kabaya and revealed a
cut in the skin with blue bruises about
it. Peter Gross became very white and
his teeth closed together tightly.

  “ That is all,” she concluded.

  There was a long silence. Koyala co-
vertly studied the resident’s profile, so
boyish, yet so masterfully stern, as he
gazed into the forest depths. She could
guess his thoughts, and she half-smiled.

  “ When you left, I promised you that
you should have a reward—anything that
you might name and in my power as resi-
dent to give,” Peter Gross said presently.

   Let us not speak of that—yet,” Ko-
yala dissented. “-Tell me, Mynheer
Gross, do you love my country?”

  “ It is a wonderfully beautiful coun-
try,” Peter Gross replied enthusiastically,
falling in with her mood. “ A country
of infinite possibilities. We can make it
the garden spot of the world. Never have
I seen such fertile soil as there is in the
river bottom below us. All it needs is
time and labor—and men with vision.”
Koyala rose to a sitting posture and
leaned on one hand. With a deft motion
of the other she made an ineffectual ef-
fort to cover her nut-brown limbs, cud-
dled among the ferns and grasses, with
the shortened kabaya. Very nymphlike
she looked, a Diana of the jungle, and it
was small wonder that Peter Gross, the
indifferent to woman, gave her his seri-
ous attention while she glanced pensively
down the forest aisles.

  “Men with vision!” she sighed pres-
ently. “ That is what we have always

needed. That is what we have always
lacked. My unhappy people! Ignorant,
and none to teach them, none to guide
them into the better way. Leaders have
come, have stayed a little while, and then
they have gone again. Brooke helped us
in Sarawak — now only his memory is
left.” A pause. “ I suppose you will be
going back to Java soon again, myn-
heer? ”

  “ Not until my work is completed,”
Peter Gross assured gravely.

  “ But that will be soon. You will
crush your enemies. You will organize
the districts and lighten our burdens for
a while. Then you will go. A new resi-
dent will come. Things will slip back
into the old rut. Our young men are hot-
headed, there will be feuds, wars, piracy.
There are turns in the wheel, but no prog-
ress for us, mynheer. Borneo!” Her
voice broke with a sob, and she stole a
covert glance at him.

  “ By Heaven, I swear that will not
happen, Koyala,” Peter Gross asserted
vehemently. “ I shall not go away, I
shall stay here. The governor owes me
some reward, the least he can give me is
to let me finish the work I have begun.
I shall dedicate my life to Bulungan—we,
Koyala, shall redeem her, we two.”

  Koyala shook her head. Her big, sor-
rowful eyes gleamed on him for a mo-
ment through tears.

  “ So you speak to-day when yeu are
full of enthusiasm, mynheer. But when
one or two years have passed, and you
hear naught but the unending tales of
tribal jealousies, and quarrels over buffa-
loes, and complaints about the tax, and
falsehood upon falsehood, then your am-
bition will fade and you will seek a place
to rest, far from Borneo.”

  The gentle sadness of her tear-dimmed
eyes, the melancholy cadences of her
voice sighing tribulation like an' October
wind among the maples, and her eloquent
beauty, set Peter Gross’s pulses on fire.

  “ Koyala,” he cried, “ do you think I
could give up a cause like this—forget
the work we have done together—to
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

507

spend my days on a plantation in Java
like a buffalo in his wallow?”

  “ You would soon forget Borneo in
Java, mynheer—and me.”

  The sweet melancholy of her plaintive
smile drove Peter Gross to madness.

  “ Forget you? You. Koyala? My
right hand, my savior, savior thrice over,
to whom I owe every success I have had.
without whom I would have failed utter-
ly, died miserably in Wobanguli’s hall?
You wonderful woman! You lovely,
adorable woman!”

  Snatching her hands in his he stared
at her with a fierce hunger that was half
passion, half gratitude.

  A gleam of savage exultation flashed in
Koyala’s eyes. The resident was hers.
The fierce, insatiate craving for this mo-
ment that had filled her heart ever since
she first saw Peter Gross until it tainted
every drop of blood now raced through
her veins like vitrol. She lowered her
lids lest he read her eyes, and bit her
tongue to choke utterance. Still his grasp
on her hands did not relax. At last she
asked in a low voice, that sounded strange
and harsh even to her:

  “ Why do you hold me, mynheer? ”
The madness of the moment was still
on Peter. He opened his lips to speak
words that flowed to them without con-
scious thought, phrases as utterly foreign
to his vocabulary as metaphysics to a
Hottentot. Then reason resumed her
throne. Breathing heavily, he released
her.

  “ Forgive me, Koyala,” he said hum-
bly.

  A chill of disappointment, like an arc-
tic wave, submerged Koyala. She felt the
sensation of having what was dearest in
life suddenly snatched from her. Her
stupefaction lasted but an instant. Then
the fury that goads a woman scorned
possessed her and lashed on the blood-
hounds of vengeance.

  “ Forgive you?” she spat venomously.
“ Forgive you for what? The words you
did not say, just now, orang blanda, when
you held these two hands?”

  Peter Gross had risen quickly and she
also sprang to her feet. Her face, furious
with rage, was lifted toward his, and her
two clenched fists were held above her
fluttering bosom. Passion made her al-
most inarticulate.

  “ Forgive you for cozening me with
sweet words of our work, and our mission
when you despised me for the blood of
my mother that is in me? Forgive you
for leading me around like a pet parrot to
sayr your words to my people and delude
them? Forgive you for the ignominy you
have heaped upon me, the shame you
have brought to me, the loss of friend-
ships and the laughter of my enemies?”

  “ Koyala—” Peter Gross attempted,
but he might as well have tried to stop
Niagara.

  “ Are these the things you seek forgive-"
ness for?” Koyala shrieked. “Liar! Se-
ducer! Orang blanda! ”

  She spat the word as though it were
something vile. At that moment there
was a rustling in the cane back of Peter
Gross. Bewildered, contrite, striving to
collect Ms scattered wits that he might
calm the tempest of her wrath, he did not
hear it. But Koyala did. There was a
savage exultation in her voice as she
cried:

  “ To-morrow the last white will be
swept from Bulungan. But you will stay
here, mynheer—”

  Hearing the footsteps behind him, Pe-
ter Gross whirled on his heel. But he
turned too late. A bag was thrust over
his head. He tried to tear it away, but
clinging arms, arms as strong as his, held
it tightly about him. A heavy vapor as-
cended into his nostrils, a vapor warm
with the perfume of burning sandalwood
and aromatic unguents and spices. He
felt a drowsiness come upon him, strug-
gled to cast it off, and yielded. With a
sigh like a tired child’s he sagged into
the waiting arms and was lowered to the
ground.

  “ Very good, Mynheer Muller,” Koyala
said. “ Now, if you and Cho Sing will
bind his legs I will call my Dyaks and
508

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

 have him carried to the house we have
 prepared for him.”

CHAPTER XXVIII.

THE ATTACK ON THE FORT.

 WHEN Peter Gross failed to return
 by noon that day Captain Car-
 ver, becoming alarmed, began
 making inquiries. Hughes supplied the
 first clue.

   “ I saw him go into the bush with the
 heathen woman while we was buzzin’
 Paddy,” he informed his commander. “ I
 ain’t seen him since.”

   A scouting party was instantly organ-
 ized. It searched the banyan grove but
 found nothing. One of the members, an
 ' old plainsman, reported heelmarks on the
 trail, but as this was a common walk of
 the troops at the fort the discovery had
 no significance.

   “ Where is Inchi?” Captain Carver in- x
 quired. Search also failed to reveal
 the Dyak lad. As this disquieting news
 was reported, Lieutenant Banning was
 announced.

   The lieutenant, a smooth-faced, clean-
 cut young officer who had had his com-
 mission only a few years, explained the
 object of his visit without indulging in
 preliminaries.

   “ One of my Java boys tells me the re-
 port is current in Bulungan that we are
 to be attacked to-morrow,” he announced.
 “ A holy war has been preached, and all
 the Sea Dyaks and Malays in the resi-
 dency are now marching this way, he
 says. The pirate fleet is expected here
 to-night. I haven’t seen or heard of Cap-
 tain Van Slyck since he left for Padang.”

   He was plainly worried, and Carver
 correctly construed his warning as an ap-
 peal for advice and assistance. The cap-
 tain took from his wallet the commission
 that Peter Gross had given him some
 time before.

   “ Since Captain Van Slyck is absent, I
 may as well inform you that I take com-
 mand of the fort by order of the resi-

 dent,” he said, giving the document to
 Banning. The lieutenant scanned it
 quickly.

  “ Very good, captain,” he remarked
with a relieved air. His tone plainly in-
dicated that he was glad to place respon-
sibility in the crisis upon a more expe-
rienced commander. “ I suppose you will
enter the fort with your men?”

  “ We shall move our stores and all our
effects at once,” Carver declared. “ Are
your dispositions made?”

  “ We are always ready, captain,” was
the lieutenant’s reply.

  From the roof of the residency Carver
studied Bulungan town through field-
glasses. There was an unwonted activ-
ity in the village, he noticed. Scanning
the streets he saw the unusual number of
armed men hurrying about and grouped
at street corners and in the marketplace.
At the waterfront several small proas
were hastily putting out to sea.

  “ It looks as if Banning was right,” he
muttered.

  By sundown Carver’s irregulars were
stationed at the fort. Courtesy denomi-
nated it a fort, but in reality it was little
more than a stockade made permanent by
small towers of crude masonry filled be-
tween with logs set on end. The eleva-
tion, however, gave it a commanding ad-
vantage in such an attack as they might
expect. Peter Gross had been careful to
supply machine-guns, and these were
placed where they would do the most ef-
ficient service. Putting the Javanese at
work, Carver hastily threw up around
the fort a series of barbed-wire entangle-
ments and dug trench-shelters inside.
These operations were watched by an
ever-increasing mob of armed natives,
who kept a respectful distance away,
however. Banning suggested a sortie in
force to intimidate the Dyaks.

  “ It would be time wasted,” Carver de-
clared. “ We don’t have to be afraid of
this mob. They won’t show teeth until
the he-bear comes. We’ll confine our-
selves to getting ready, every second is
precious.”
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

509

  A searchlight was one of Carver’s con-
tributions to the defenses. Double sen-
tries were posted and the light played the
country about all night, but there was no
alarm. When dawn broke Carver and
Banning, up with the sun, uttered an al-
most simultaneous exclamation. A fleet
of nearly thirty proas laden down with
fighting men, lay in the harbor.

  “ Ah Sing has arrived,” Banning re-
marked. Absent-mindedly he mused: “ I
wonder if Captain Van Slyck is there?”

  Carver had by this time mastered just
enough Dutch to catch the lieutenant’s
meaning.

  “ What do you know about Captain
Van Slyck’s dealings with this gang,” he
demanded, looking at the young man
fixedly.

  “ I can’t say—that is—” Banning took
refuge in an embarrassed silence.

  “ Never mind,” Carver answered curt-
ly. “ I don’t want you to inform against
a superior officer. But when we get back
to Batavia you’ll be called upon to tes-
tify to what you know.”

  Banning made no reply.

  Carver was at breakfast when word
was brought him that Mynheer Muller,
the controlleur, was at the gate and de-
sired to see him. He had left orders that
none should be permitted to enter or leave
without special permission from the offi-
cer of the day. The immediate thought
that Muller was come to propose terms
of surrender occurred to him, and he
flushed darkly. He directed that the con-
trolleur be admitted.

  “ Goeden morgen, mynheer kapitein,”
Muller greeted as he entered. His face
was very pale, but he seemed to carry
himself with more dignity than customari-
ly, Carver noticed.

  “ State your mission, mynheer ” Car-
ver directed bluntly, transfixing the con-
trolleur with his stern gaze.

  “ Mynheer kapitein, you must fight for
your lives to-day,” Muller said. “ Ah
Sing is here, there are three thousand
Dyaks and Malays below.” His voice
quavered, but he pulled himself together

quickly. “ I see you are prepared. There-
fore what I have told you is no news to
you.” He paused.

  “ Proceed,” Carver directed curtly.
“Mynheer kapitein, I am here to fight
and die with you,” the controlleur an-
nounced.

  A momentary flash of astonishment
crossed Carver’s face. Then his suspic-
ions were redoubled.

   “ I hadn’t expected this,” he said, with-
out mincing words. “ I thought you
would be on the other side.”

  Muller’s face reddened, but he instant-
ly recovered. “ There was a time when
I thought so too, kapitein,” he admitted
candidly. “ But I now see I was in the
wrong. What has been done, I cannot
undo. But I can die with you. There is
no escape for you to-day, they are too
many, and too well armed. I have lived
a Celebes islander, a robber, and a friend
of robbers. I can at least die a white
man and a Hollander.”

  Carver looked at him fixedly.

  “ Where is the resident?” he demanded.
  “ In a hut, in the jungle.”

  “ In Ah Sing’s hands?”

  “He is Koyala’s prisoner. Ah Sing
does not know he is there.”

  “ Um!” Carver grunted. The exclama-
tion hid a world of meaning. It took lit-
tle thought on his part to vision what had
occurred.

  “ Why aren’t you with Koyala?” he
asked crisply.

  Muller looked away. “ She does not
want me,” he said in a low voice.

  For the first time since coming to Bul-
ungan, Carver felt a trace of sympathy
for Muller. He, too, had been disap-
pointed in love. His tone was a trifle less
gruff as he asked: “ Can you handle a
gun?”

  “ Ja, mynheer.”

  “ You understand you’ll get a bullet
through the head at the first sign of
treachery?”

  Muller flushed darkly. “ Ja, mynheer,”
he affirmed with quiet dignity. It was the
flush that decided Carver.
510

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Report to Lieutenant Banning,” he
said. “ He’ll give you a rifle.”

  It was less than an hour later that the
investment of the fort began. The Dyaks,
scurrying through the banyan groves and
bamboo thickets, enclosed it on the rear
and landward sides. Ah Sing’s pirates
and the Malays crawled up the rise to at-
tack it from the front. Two of Ah Sing’s
proas moved up the bay to shut off escape
from the sea.

  An insolent demand from Ah Sing and
Wobanguli that they surrender prefaced
the hostilities.

  “Tell the raja and his Chinese cut-
throat that we’ll have the pleasure of
hanging them,” was Carver’s reply.

  To meet the attack, Carver entrusted
the defense of the rear and landward
walls to the Dutch and Javanese under
Banning, while he looked after the frontal
attack, which he shrewdly guessed would
be the most severe. Taking advantage
of every bush and tree, and particularly
the hedges that lined the lane leading
down to Bulungan, the Malays and pi-
rates got within six hundred yards of the
fort. A desultory rifle-fire was opened.
It increased rapidly, and soon a hail of
bullets began sweeping over the enclosure.

  “ They’ve got magazine-rifles,” Carver
muttered to himself. “ Latest pattern,
too. That’s what comes of letting trad-
ers sell promiscuously to natives.”

  The defenders made a vigorous reply.
The magazine-rifles were used with telling
effect. Banning had little difficulty keep-
ing the Dyaks back, but the pirates and
Malays were a different race of fighters,
and gradually crept closer in, taking ad-
vantage of every bit of cover.

  As new levies of natives arrived, the
fire increased in intensity. There were
at least a thousand rifles in the attacking
force, Carver judged, and some of the pi-
rates soon demonstrated that they were
able marksmen. An old plainsman was
the first casualty. He was sighting along
his rifle at a daring Manchu who had ad-
vanced within three hundred yards of the
enclosure when a bullet struck him in the

forehead and passed through his skull.
He fell where he stood.

  Shortly thereafter Gibson, an ex-sailor,
uttered an exclamation, and clapped his
right hand to his left shoulder.

  “ Are ye hit?” Larry Malone asked.

  “ They winged me, I guess,” Gibson
said.

  The Dutch medical officer hastened
forward. “ The bone’s broken,” he pro-
nounced. “ We’ll have to amputate.”

  “ Then let me finish this fight first,”
Gibson retorted, picking up his rifle. The
doctor was a soldier, too. He tied the
useless arm in a sling, filled Gibson’s mag-
azine, and jogged away to other duties
with a parting witticism about Americans
who didn’t know when to quit. There
was plenty of work for him to do. Within
the next half-hour ten men were brought
into the improvised hospital, and Carver,
on the walls, wondered whether he would
be able to hold the day out.

  The firing began to diminish. Scan-
ning the underbrush to see what signifi-
cance this might have, Carver saw heavy
columns of natives forming. The first
test was upon them. At his sharp com-
mand the reply fire from the fort ceased
and every man filled his magazine.

  With a wild whoop the Malays and
Chinese rose from the bush and raced to-
ward the stockade. There was an an-
swering yell from the other side as the
Dyaks, spears and krises waving, sprang
from the jungle. On the walls, silence.
The brown wave swept like an avalanche
to within three hundred yards. The Jav-
anese looked anxiously at their white
leader, standing like a statue, watching
the human tide roll toward him. Two
hundred yards—a hundred and fifty
yards. The Dutch riflemen began to
fidget. A hundred yards. An uneasy
murmur ran down the whole line. Fifty
yards.

„ Carver gave the signal. Banning in-
stantly repeated it. A sheet of flame
leaped from the walls as rifles and ma-
chine-guns poured their deadly torrents
of lead into the advancing horde. The
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

511

first line melted away like butter before
a fire. Their wilds yells of triumph
changed to frantic shrieks of panic, the
Dyaks broke and fled for the protecting
cover of the jungle while the guns behind
them decimated their ranks. The Ma-
lays and Chinese got within ten yards of
the fort before they succumbed to the
awful fusillade, and fled and crawled back
to shelter. A mustached Manchu alone
reached the gate. He waved his huge
kris, but at that moment one of Carver’s
company emptied a rifle into his chest
and he fell at the very base of the wall.

  The attack was begun, checked, and
ended within four minutes. Over two
hundred dead and wounded natives and
Chinese lay scattered about the plain.
The loss within the fort had been four
killed and five wounded. Two of the
dead were from Carver’s command, John
Vander Esse and a Californian. As he
counted his casualties, Carver’s lips tight-
ened. His thoughts were remarkably
similar to that of the great Epirote: “ An-
other such victory and I am undone.”

  Lieutenant Banning, mopping his brow,
stepped forward to felicitate his com-
manding officer.

  “ They’ll leave us alone for to-dav,
anyway,” he predicted.

  Carver stroked his chin in silence.

  “ I don’t think Ah Sing’s licked so
soon,” he replied.

  For the next three hours there was only
desultory firing. The great body of na-
tives seemed to have departed, leaving
only a sufficient force behind to hold the
defenders in check in case they attempted
to leave the fort. Speculation on the
next step of the natives was soon an-
swered. Scanning the harbor with his
glasses, Carver detected an unwonted ac-
tivity on the deck of one of the proas. He
watched it closely for a few moments,
then he uttered an exclamation.

  “ They’re unloading artillery,” he told
Lieutenant Banning.

  The lieutenant’s lips tightened.

  “We have nothing except these old
guns,” he replied.

  “ They’re junk,” Carver observed suc-
cinctly. “ These proas carry Krupps,
I’m told.”

  “ What are you going to do?”

  “ We’ll see whether they can handle it
first. If they^ make it too hot for us—
well, we’ll die fighting.”

  The first shell broke over the fort an
hour later and exploded in the jungle on
the other side. Twenty or thirty shells
were wasted in this way before the gun-
ner secured the range. His next effort
landed against one of the masonry towers
on the side defended by the Dutch. When
the smoke had cleared away the tower
lay leveled. Nine dead and wounded men
were scattered among* the ruins. A yell
rose from the natives, which the Dutch
answered with a stinging volley.

  “ Hold your fire,” Carver directed Ban-
ning. “ We’d better take to the trenches.”
These had been dug the day before and
deepened during the past hour. Carver
issued the necessary commands and the
defenders, except ten pickets, concealed
themselves in their earthen shelters.

  The gunnery of the Chinese artillery-
men improved, and gaunt breaches were
formed in the walls. One by one the tow-
ers crumbled. Each well-placed shell was
signalized by cheers from the Dyaks and
Malays. The shelling finally ceased ab-
ruptly. Carver and Banning surveyed
the scene. A ruin of fallen stones and
splintered logs was all that lay between
them and the horde of over three thou-
sand pirates and Malay and Dyak rebels.
The natives were forming for a charge.

  Carver took the lieutenant's hand in
his own firm grip. “ This is probably the
end.” he said. “ I’m glad to die fighting
in such good company.”

,\

CHAPTER XXIX.

A woman’s heart.

LYING on the bamboo floor of the jun-
gle hut which Muller had spoken of,
his hands and feet firmly bound,
and a Dyak guard armed with spear and
512

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

kris at the door, Peter Gross thought over
the events of his administration as resi-
dent of Bulungan. His thoughts were
not pleasant. Shame filled his heart and
reddened his brow as he thought of how
confidently he had assumed his mission,
how firmly he had believed himself to be
the chosen instrument of destiny to re-
store order in the distracted colony and
punish those guilty of heinous crimes,
and how arrogantly he had rejected the
sage advice of his elders.

  He recollected old, Sachsen’s warning
and his own impatient reply—the event
that he deemed so preposterous at that
time and old Sachsen had foreseen had
actually come to pass. He had fallen vic-
tim to Koyala’s wiles. And she had be-
trayed him. Bitterly he cursed his stupid
folly, the folly that had led him to enter
the jungle with her, the folly of that mad
moment when temptation had assailed
him where man is weakest.

   In his bitter self-excoriation he had no
thought of condemnation for her. The
fault was his, he vehemently assured him-
self, lashing himself with the scorpions of
self-reproach. She was what nature and
the sin of her father had made her, a child
of two alien, unincorporable races, a
daughter of the primitive, wild, untamed,
uncontrolled, loving fiercely, hating fierce-
ly, capable of supremest sacrifice, capa-
ble, too, of the most fiendish cruelty.

  He had taken , this creature and used
her for his own ends, he had praised her,
petted her, treated her as an equal, com-
panion, and helpmate. Then, when that
moment of madness was upon them both,
he had suddenly wounded her acutely sen-
sitive, bitterly proud soul by drawing the
bar sinister. How she must have suf-
fered! He winced at the thought of the
pain he had inflicted. She could not be
blamed, no, the fault was his, he ac-
knowledged. He should have considered
that he was dealing with a creature of
flesh and blood, a woman with youth, and
beauty, and passion. If he, believing his
heart was marble, could fall so quickly
and so fatally, could he censure her?

  Carver, too, had warned him. Not
once, but many times, almost daily. He
had laughed at the warnings, later almost
quarreled. What should he say if he ever
saw Carver again? He groaned.

  There was a soft swish of skirts. Ko-
yala stood before him. She gazed at him
coldly. There was neither hate nor love
in her eyes, only indifference. In her
hand she held a dagger. Peter Gross re-
turned her gaze without flinching.

  “You are my prisoner, orang blanda,”
she said. “ Mine only. This hut is mine.
We are alone here, in the jungle, except
for one of my people.”

  “ You may do with me as you will, Ko-
yala,” Peter Gross replied weariedly.

  Koyala started, and looked at him
keenly.

  “ I have come to carry you away,” she
announced.

   Peter Gross looked at her in silence.

  “ But first there are many things that
we must talk about,” she said.

  Peter Gross rose to a sitting posture.
“ I am listening,” he announced.

  Koyala did not reply at once. She was
gazing fixedly into his eyes, those frank,
gray eyes that had so often looked clear-
ly and honestly into hers as he enthusi-
astically spoke of their joint mission in
Bulungan. A half-sob broke in her throat
but she restrained it fiercely.

  “ Do you remember, mynheer, when we
first met?” she asked.

  “ It was at the mouth of the Abbas
River, was it not? At Wolang’s village?”

  “ Why did you laugh at me then?” she
exclaimed fiercely.

  Peter Gross looked at her in astonish-
ment. “ I laughed at you?” he exclaimed.

  “ Yes, on the beach. When I told you
you must go. You laughed. Do not
deny it, you laughed! ” The fierce inten-
sity of her tone betrayed her feeling.

  Peter Gross shook his head while his
gaze met hers frankly. “ I do not recol-
lect,” he said. “ I surely did not laugh
at you—I do not know what it was—”
A light hroke upon him. “ Aye, to be
sure, I remember, now. It was a Dyak
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

513

boy with a mountain goat. He was drink-
ing milk from the teats. Don’t you re-
call?”

  “You are trying to deceive me,” Ko-
yala cried angrily. “ You laughed be-
cause—because—”

  “ As God lives, it is the truth!”

  Koyala placed the point of her dagger
over Peter Gross’s heart.

  “ Orang blanda,’’ she said, “ I have
swpm to kill you if you lie to me in any
single particular to-day. I did not see
that whereof you speak. There was no
boy, no goat. Quick now, the truth, if
you would save your life.”

  Peter Gross met her glance fearlessly.
“ I have told you why I laughed, Ko-
yala,” he replied. “ I can tell you noth-
ing different.”

  The point of the dagger pricked the
resident’s skin.

  “ Then you would rather die?”

  Peter Gross merely stared at her. Ko-
yala drew a deep breath and drew back
the blade.

  “ First we shall talk of other things,”
she said.

  At that moment the rattle of rifle-fire
reached Peter Gross’s ears.

    What is that?” he cried.

  Koyala laughed, a low laugh of exul-
tation. “ That, mynheer, is the children
of Bulungan driving the white peccaries
from Borneo.”

  “ Ah Sing has attacked?” Peter Gross
could not help, in his excitement, letting
a note of his dismay sound in his voice.

  “ Ah Sing and his pirates,” Koyala
cried triumphantly. “ Wobanguli and
the warriors of Bulungan. Lkath and his
sadong Dyaks. The Malays from the
coast towns. All Bulungan except the hill
people. They are all there, as many as
the sands of the seashore, and they have
the orang blanda from Holland, and the
Javanese, and the loud-voiced orang blan-
da that you brought with you, penned in
Van Slyck’s kampong. None will es-
cape.”

  “ Thank God Carver’s in the fort,” Pe-
ter Gross ejaculated.

  “ But they cannot escape,” Koyala in-
sisted fiercely.

  “ We shall see,” Peter Gross replied.
Great as were the odds, he felt confident
of Carver’s ability to hold out a few days
anyway. He had yet to learn of the ar-
tillery Ah Sing commanded.

  “ Not one shall escape,” Koyala reite-
rated, the‘tigerish light glowing in her
eyes. “ Ah Sing has pledged it to me,
Wobanguli has pledged it to me, the last
orang blanda shall be driven from Bulun-
gan.” She clutched the hilt of her dagger
fiercely.

  Amazed at her vehemence, Peter Gross
watched the shifting display of emotion
on her face.

  “ Koyala,” he said, suddenly, “ why do
you hate us whites so?”

  He shrank before the fierce glance she
cast at him.

  “ Is there any need to ask?” she cried
violently. “ Did I not tell you the first
day we met, when I told you I asked no
favors of you, and would accept none?
What have you and your race brought to
my people and to me but misery, and
more misery? You came with fair prom-
ises, how have you fulfilled them? In the
orang blanda way, falsehood upon false-
hood, taking all, giving none. Why don’t
I kill you now, when I have you in my
power, when I have only to drop my hand
thus—” she flashed the dagger at Peter
Gross’s breast—“ and I will be revenged?
Why? Because I was a fool, white man,
because I listened to your lies and be-
lieved when all my days I have sworn I
would not. So I have let you live, un-
less—” She did not finish the thought
but stood in rigid attention, listening to
the increasing volume of rifle-fire.

  “ They are wiping it out in blood
there,” she said softly to herself, “ the
wrongs of Bulungan, what my unhappy
country has suffered from the orang blan-
da’’

  Peter Gross’s head was bowed humbly.

  “ I have wronged you,” he said hum-
bly. “ But, before God, I did it in igno-
rance. I thought you understood—I
514

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

thought you worked with me for Bulun-
gan and Bulungan only, with no thought
of self. So I worked. Yet somehow, my
plans went wrong. The people did not
trust me. I tried to relieve them of un-
just taxes. They would not let me take
the census. I tried to end raiding. There
were always disorders and I could not
find the guilty. I found a murderer for
Lkath, among his own people, yet he
drove me away. I cannot understand it.”
“ Do you know why?” Koyala ex-
claimed exultingly. “ Do you know why
you failed? It was I—I—I, who worked
against you. The orang kayas sent their
runners to me and said: ‘ Shall we give
the controlleur the count of our people?’
and I said ‘ No, Djath forbids.’ To the
rajas and gustis I said: * Let there be
wars, we must keep the ancient valor of
our people lest they become like the Jav-
anese, a nation of slaves.’ You almost
tricked Lkath into taking the oath. But
in the night I went to him and said:

‘ Shall the vulture rest in the eagle’s nest?’
and he drove you away.”

  Peter Gross stared at her with eyes
that saw not. The house of his faith was
crumbling into ruins yet he scarcely real-
ized it himself, the revelation of her per-
fidy had come so suddenly. He groped
blindly for salvage from the wreck, cry-
ing:

  “ But you saved my life—three times!”
She saw his suffering and smiled. So
she had been made to suffer, not once,
but a thousand times.

-	“ That was because I had sworn the
revenge should be mine, not Ah Sing’s or
any one else’s, orang blanda.”

  Peter Gross lowered his face in the
shadow. He did not care to have her
see how great had been his disillusion-
ment, how deep was his pain.

  “ You may do with me as you will, juf-
jrouw,” he said.

  Koyala looked at him strangely a mo-
ment, then rose silently and left the hut.
Peter Gross never knew the reason. It
was because at that moment, when she
revealed her Dyak treachery and uproot-

ed his faith, he spoke to her as he would
to a white woman—“ juffrouw.”

  “ They are holding out yet,” Peter
Gross said to himself cheerfully some time
later as the sound of scattered volleys was
wafted Over the hills. Presently he heard
the dull boom of the first shell. His face
paled.

  “That is artillery!” he exclaimed.
“ Can it be—?” He remembered the
heavy guns on the proas and his face be-
came whiter still. He began tugging at
his bonds, but they were too firmly
bound. His Dyak guard looked in and
grinned, and he desisted. As time passed
and the explosion continued uninterrupt-
edly, his face became haggard and more
haggard. It wTas because of his folly, he
told himself, that men were dying there—
brave Carver, so much abler and more
foresighted than he, the ever-cheerful
Paddy, all those he had brought with
him, good men and true. He choked.

  Presently the shell-fire ceased. Peter
Gross knew what it meant, in imagina-
tion he saw the columns of natives form-
ing, column upon column, all that vast
horde of savages and worse than savages
let loose on a tiny square of wThites.

  A figure stood in the doorway. It was
Koyala. Cho Seng stood beside her.

  “ The walls are down,” she cried tri-
umphantly. “ There is only a handful of
them left. The people of Bulungan are
now forming for the charge. In a few
minutes you will be the only white man
left in Bulungan.”

  “ I and Captain Van Slyck,” Peter
Gross said scornfully.

  “ He is dead,” Koyala replied. “ Ah
Sing killed him. He was of no further
use to us, why should he live?”

  Peter Gross’s lips tightened grimly. The
traitor, at least, had met the death he
merited.

  Cho Seng edged nearer. Peter Gross
noticed the dagger hilt protruding from
his blouse.

  “ Has my time come, too?” he asked
calmly.

  The Chinaman leaped on him. “ Ah
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

515

Sing sends you this,” he cried hoarsely—
the dagger flashed.

  Quick as he was, quick as a tiger strik-
ing its prey, the Argus Pheasant was
quicker. As the dagger descended, Ko-
yala caught him by the wrist. He struck
her with his free hand and tried to tear
the blade away. Then his legs doubled
under him, for Peter Gross, although his
wrists were bound, could use his arms.
He fell on the point of the dagger, that
buried itself to the hilt in the fleshy part
of his breast. With a low groan he rolled
over. His eyeballs rolled glassily upward,
thick, choked sounds came from his
throat—

  “ Ah Sing — comeee — for Koyala—
plenty quick—” With a sigh, he died.

  Peter Gross looked at the Argus Pheas-
ant. She was gazing dully at a tiny
scratch on her forearm, a scratch made
by Cho Seng’s dagger. The edges were
purplish.

  “ The dagger was poisoned,” she mur-
mured dully. Her glance met her prison-
er’s, and she smiled wanly.

  “ I go to Sangjang with you, mynheer
she said.

  Peter Gross staggered to his knees and
caught her arm. Before she comprehend-
ed what he intended to do he had his lips
upon the cut and was sucking the blood.
A scarlet tide flooded her face, then fled,
leaving her cheeks with the pallor of
death. .

  “ No, no,” she cried, choking, and tried
to tear her arm away. But in Peter
Gross’s firm grasp she was like a child.
After a frantic,'futile struggle she yield-
ed. Her face was bloodless as a corpse
and she stared glassily at the wall.

  Presently Peter Gross released her.

  “ It was only a scratch,” he said gently.
“ I think we have gotten rid of the poi-
son.”

  The sound of broken sobbing was his
only answer.

  “ Koyala,” he exclaimed.

  With a low moan she ran out of the
hut, leaving him alone with the dead body
of the Chinaman, already bloated purpl^.

  Peter Gross listened again. Only the
ominous silence from the hills, the silence
that foretold the storm. He wondered
where Koyala was and his heart became
hot as he recollected Cho Seng’s farewell
message that Ah Sing was coming. Well,
Ah Sing would find him, find him bound
and helpless. The pirate chief would at
last have his long-sought revenge. For
some inexplicable reason he felt glad that
Koyala was not near. The jungle was
her best protection, he knew.

  A heavy explosion cut short his rever-
ies. “ They are cannonading again,” he
exclaimed in surprise, but as another ter-
rific crash sounded a moment later, his
face became glorified. Wild cries of ter-
ror sounded over the hills, Dyak cries,
mingled with the shrieking and explosion
of shrapnel—

  “ It’s the Prins,” Peter Gross exclaimed
jubilantly. “ Thank God, Captain Enc-
kel came on time.”

  He tugged at his own bonds in a frenzy
of hope, exerting all his great strength to
strain them sufficiently to permit him to
slip one hand free. But they were too
tightly bound. Presently a shadow fell
over him. He looked up with a start, ex-
pecting to see the face of the Chinese
arch-murderer, Ah Sing. Instead it was
Koyala.

  “ Let me help you,” she said huskily.
With a stroke of her dagger she cut the
cord. Another stroke cut the bonds that
tied his feet. He sprang up a free man.

  “ Hurry, Koyala,” he cried, catching
her by the arm. “ Ah Sing may be here
any minute.”

  Koyala gently disengaged herself.

  “ Ah Sing is in the jungle, far from
here,” she said.

  A silence fell upon them both. Her
eyes, averted from his, sought the ground.
He stood by, struggling for adequate ex-
pression.

  “ Where are you going, Koyala?” he
finally asked. She had made no move-
ment to go.

  “ Wherever you will, mynheer,” she re-
plied quietly. “ I am now your prisoner.”
516	ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Peter Gross stared a moment in aston-
ishment. “ My prisoner?” he repeated.
“ Nonsense.”

  “ Your people have conquered, myn-
heer," she said. “ Mine are in flight.
Therefore I have come to surrender my-
self—to you.”

  “ I do not ask your surrender,” Peter
Gross replied gravely, beginning to un-
derstand.

  “ You do not ask it, mynheer, but some
one must suffer for what has happened.
Some one must pay the victor’s prize. I
am responsible, I incited my people. So
I offer myself in their stead. They are
innocent and should not be made to
suffer.”

  “ Ah Sing is responsible,” Peter Gross
said firmly. “ And I.”

  “ You, mynheer? ” The question came
from Koyala’s unwilling lips before she
realized it.

  “Yes, I, juffrouw. It is best that we
forget what has happened—I must begin
my work over again.” He closed his lips
firmly, there were lines of pain in his face.
“ That is,” he added heavily, “ if his ex-
cellency will permit me to remain here
after this fiasco.”

  “ You will stay here?” Koyala asked
incredulously.

  “ Yes. And you, juffrouw? ”

  A moment’s silence. “ My place is
with my people—if you do not want me
as hostage, mynheer? ”

  Peter Gross took a step forward and
placed a hand on her shoulder. She trem-
bled violently.

  “ I have a better work for you, juf-
frouw,” he said.

  Her eyes lifted slowly to meet his.
There was mute interrogation in the
glance.

  “ To help me make Bulungan peaceful
and prosperous,” he said.

  Koyala shook herself free and walked
toward the door. Peter Gross did not
molest her. She stood on the threshold,
one hesitating foot on the jungle path that
led to the grove of big banyans. For
some minutes she remained there. Then

she slowly turned and with pale, set face,
reentered the hut.

  “ Mynheer Gross,” she said, in a chok-
ing voice, “ before I met you I believed
that all the orang blanda were vile. I
hated the white blood that was in me,
many times. I yearned to take it from me,
drop by drop, many times I stood on the
edge of precipices undecided whether to
let it nourish my body longer or no. Only
one thing kept me from death, the
thought that I might avenge the wrongs
of my unhappy country, and my unhap-
py mother.”

  A stifled sob shook her. After a mo-
ment or two she resumed:

  “ Then you came. I prayed the Hanu
Token to send a young man, a young
man who would desire me, after the man-
ner of white men. When I saw you I
knew you as the man of the Abbas, the
man who had laughed, and I thought the
Hanu Token had answered my prayer. I
saved you from Wobanguli, I saved you
from Ah Sing, that you might be mine,
mine only to torture.” Her voice broke
again.

  “ But you disappointed me. You were
just, you were kind, righteous in all your
dealings, considerate of me. You did not
seek to take me in your arms, even when
I came to you in your own dwelling. You
did not taunt me with my mother like that
pig Van Slyck—”

  “ He is dead,” Peter Gross interrupted
gently.

  “ I have no sorrow for him. Sangjang
has waited over long for him. Now you
come to me, after all that has happened,
and say: ‘ Koyala, will you forget and
help me make Bulungan happy? ’ What
shall I answer, mynheer? ”

  She looked at him humbly, entreating-
ly. Peter Gross smiled, his familiar, con-
fident, warming smile.

  “ What your conscience dictates,”
Koyala.”

  She breathed rapidly. At last came
her answer, a low whisper. “ If you wish
it, I will help you, mynheer.”

  Peter Gross reached out his hand and
THE ARGUS PHEASANT.

517

caught hers. “ Then we’re pards again,”
he cried.

CHAPTER XXX.

THE GOVERNOR’S PROMISE.

PETER GROSS had just concluded
an account of his administration in
Bulungan to Governor-General Van
Schouten at the latter’s paleis in Batavia.
The governor-general was frowning.

  “ So! mynheer,” he exclaimed gruffly.
“ This is not a very happy report you
have brought me.”

  Peter Gross bent his head.

  “ No census, not a cent of taxes paid,
piracy, murders, my controlleurs — God
knows where they are, the whole province
in revolt. This is a nice kettle of fish.”
Sachsen glanced sympathetically at
Peter Gross. The lad he loved so well sat
with bowed head and clenched hands,
lines of suffering marked his face, he had
grown older, oh so much older, during
those few sorry months since he had so
confidently declared his policies for the
regeneration of the residency in this very
room. The governor was speaking again.

  “ You said you would find Mynheer De
Jonge’s murderer for me,” Van Schouten
rasped. “ Have you done that?”

  “ Yes, your excellency. It was Kapi-
tein Van Slyck who planned the deed, and
Cho Seng who committed the act, pricked
him with a upas thorn while he slept, as I
told your excellency. Here are my proofs.
A statement made by Mynheer Muller to
Captain Carver and Lieutenant Banning
before he died, and a statement made by
Koyala to me.” He gave the governor
the documents. The latter scanned them
briefly and laid them aside.

  “ How did Muller come to his death?”
he demanded.

  “ Like a true servant of the state, fight-
ing in defense of the fort,” Peter Gross
replied. “ A splinter of a shell struck him
in the body.”

  “H-m!” the governor grunted. “I
thought he was one of these traitors too.”

  “ He expiated his crimes two weeks
ago at Fort Wilhelmina, your excellency.”
“ And Cho Seng?” the governor de-
manded. “ Is he still alive?”

  “ He fell on his own dagger,” Peter
Gross described the incident. “ It was
not the dagger thrust that killed him,” he
explained. “ That made only a flesh
wound. But the dagger point had been
dipped in a cobra’s venom.” Softly he
added: “ He always feared that he would
die from a snake’s poison.”

  “ It is the judgment of God,” Van
Schouten pronounced solemnly. He
looked at Peter Gross sharply.

  “ Now this Koyala,” he asked, “ where
is she?”

  “ I do not know. In the hills, among
her own people, I think. She will not
trouble you again.”

  The governor stared at his resident.
Gradually the stern lines of his face re-
laxed and a quaintly humorous glint
came into his eyes.

  “ So, Mynheer Gross, the woman de-
ceived you?” he asked sharply.

  Peter Gross made no reply. The gov-
ernor’s eyes twinkled. He suddenly
brought down his fist on the table wfth a
resounding bang.

  “ Donder en bliksem! ” he exclaimed,
“ I cannot find fault with you for that.
The fault is mine. I should have known
better. Why, when I was your age, a
pretty woman could strip the very but-
tons from my dress coat—dammit, Myn-
heer Gross, you must have had a heart of
ice to withstand her so long.”

  He flourished a highly colored silk
handkerchief and blew his nose loudly and
lustily.

  “ So you are forgiven on that count,
Mynheer Gross. Now for the other. It
appears that by your work you have cre-
ated a much more favorable feeling to-
ward us among many of the natives.
The hill Dyaks did not rise against us as
they have always done before, and some
of the coast Dyak tribes were loyal. That
buzzard, Lkath, stayed in his lair. Fur-
thermore, you have solved the mysteries
518

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

that have puzzled us for years and the
criminals have been muzzled. Lastly,
you were the honey that attracted all
these piratical pests into Bulungan har-
bor where Kapitein Enckel was able to
administer them a blow that will sweep
those seas clear of this vermin for years
to come, I believe. You have not done
so badly after all, Mynheer Gross. Of
course, you and your twenty-five men
might have come to grief had not Sach-
sen, here, heard reports that caused me
to send the Prins Lodewyk post-haste to
Bulungan, but we will overlook your too
great confidence on the score of your
youth—” He chuckled— “ Now as to
the future—”

(The

  He paused and looked smilingly into
the eyes that looked so gratefully into his.

  “ What say you to two more years at
Bulungan, mynheer, to straighten out af-
fairs there, work out your policies, and
finish what you have so ably begun?”

  “ Your excellency is too good,” Peter
Gross murmured brokenly.

  “Good!” Van Schouten snapped.
“ Donder en bliksem, mynheer, it is only
that I know a man when I see him. Can
you go back next week?”

  “ Yes, your excellency.”

  “ Then see that you do. And see to it
that those devils send me some rice this
year when the tax falls due or I will hang
them all in the good, old-fashioned way.”

end.)

Olin. L. Lyman

ETERNAL vigilance is the price of
vogue. Old Bill Dinsley kept
paying it right along. That is
why, at fifty odd, he was still accounted
the “ Old Fox ” among the track coaches
of the country, and the sporting editors
frequently marked his name for box-car
type. Old Bill, ferret eyed and of master-
ly cunning, continued to deliver the goods.

  Upon a day when winter retained a
hammerlock on spring and the snows still
fell upon the valley and hills upon which

sprawled the city of Perlham, Bill Dinsley
looked over his awkward squad of re-
cruits in the gymnasium of the university.
As from time immemorial, signalizing this
important occasion, his lean, crinkled face
looked more so as he sadly shook his head.
He delivered the ancient judgment. Any
of the alumni would have grinned had you
repeated it to them.

  “ Well, I got to do the best I can with
what I got, I suppose. Come on out till
I get a line on ye.”
GINGERING JERRY.

519

  And according to the traditions of Perl-
ham from away back he led forth that
squad of striplings for their initial
scamper. Bundled in a heavy jersey,
wearing unpulchritudinous pants and
heavy shoes, and with soft, black hat
drawn down over his eyes, he led the
squad the storied race that always won
from his “ fresh ” recruits their whole-
some respect the very first day.

  Old Bill’s tryouts were invariably in the
nature of obstacle races. As always, the
members of the squad, trailing along in
sweaters and flapping running-pants, and
stepping through the snow in low shoes,
grinned at the easy, Indianlike lope over
smooth going which the veteran affected.

  Presently Bill swerved off the comfort-
able highway, leading toward Fabius, and
leaped a stone wall, the boys following
like a flock of sheep. The way led across
a frozen plowed field. A few slowed up
to pick their steps, but with definite sur-
prise resumed the lope as they noted the
coach continuing across the bumpy reaches
with no diminution of pace.

  He came to a steep hill. He walked up
it as fast as"the ordinary man would walk
down. Already some of the youths be-
hind him were sounding like asthmatic
automobiles. Serene, leather-lunged, his
furrowed face as expressionless as a mum-
my’s, Dinsley instantly resumed his easy,
swinging lope. Of all the company
which followed him all but two or three
were already in difficulties.

  Not only did the famous old coach re-
quire his neophytes to do no more than he
did himself, but at the outset of the sea-
son’s work he invariably made allowances
for the stragglers—up to a certain point.

  Arrived back at the gymnasium, after a
grueling scamper of four miles, he nodded
approvingly at the dozen lithe-limbed
young athletes who had weathered the
pace with him. One trio, standing to-
gether, he favored with a dry grin. Tom
Ford, Tim Dyer, and Jack Litscom had
beaten him out by little more than inches
in the final dash to the gymnasium steps.

  All the company, however, were heaving

like wind-broken horses. The big en-
closure sounded as if filled with bicycle
pumps in action. Old Bill stood with
sinewy chest rising and falling under the
tight jersey in rhythmic iteration. He
had it over every one of his boys. It was
a matter of pride with him to keep himself
as hard as nails the year round.

  “ Go on and strip an’ shower,” he told
them succinctly. “An’ mind ye rub
down well afterward.”

  Then he drew out his watch and stood
waiting for the stragglers. One of the
seniors who stood looking on explained to
a pair of curious neophytes his reason for
this.

  “ He’ll allow the late arrivals three min-
utes,” he said. “ Any one who comes
staggering in after that he won’t bother
with. He never does.”

  Surely enough, old Bill stood there,
watch in hand, mentally noting the late
arrivals till the time mentioned had
elapsed. Then he left the gymnasium
steps, passing indifferently some dejected
youths who loafed in, panting, at what
was practically the eleventh minute.

  Suddenly, just as the coach was about
to descend the hill near the end of the
college campus toward his home, a red-
haired youth approached him at a lagging
walk. He was encased in a wonderful red
and black sweater and running trunks and
shoes, he was liberally freckled, he had
most attractive dark-blue eyes.

  Right here old Bill Dinsley violated all
his established precedent. He glanced
into the attractive eyes of this otherwise
homely tailender of the bunch and
stopped. So did the novice.

  Dinsley was famous for his few words.
“ Spavined?” he inquired.

  It was at once evident that verbal
Greek had met Greek.

  “ Heaves,” replied the youth. His mot-
tled face was as expressionless as old Bill’s.

  “ What’s yer name?”

  “ Jerry Heath.”

  “ Hm-m-m!”

  Dinsley looked him over. There was
apparently no reason on earth why this
520

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

gangling, slim-legged gosling should not be
able to run like a scared cat.

  “ Where you from?”

  “ Homer.”

  “ Cigarettes?”

  “ Some.”

  “ Thought so.”

  Old Bill looked straight into blue eyes
that gave him glance for glance. “ Cut
’em out?” he questioned.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Stick to it! ” laconically encouraged
old Bill., “ Make the training table.”

  He walked down the hill. Jerry Heath
ran the remainder of the way to the gym-
nasium.

  For the next few days Dinsley appeared
to pay no attention to the recruit who con-
tinued to work with the squad despite the
fact that he had been last to finish the
initial run. The others wondered at this
departure from the usual, and some of
them questioned the freshman. “ He told
me to keep on,” was the only reply given
by the youth who, in the students’ estima-
tion, was already running a “ slow race ”
with the coach in the matter of a limited
vocabulary.

  Two weeks after the initial run Dinsley
made a slashing cut in the squad. The
sun'i k’ors, ordered to the training table, in-
eluded Ford, Dyer, Litscom, and the
spangled Jerry Heath.

  The next day Ford, standing with Dins-
ley at the gymnasium steps, unloaded vol-
uble thanks and assurances of mighty
deeds to come.

  “ Your wind is all right,” acknowledged
old Bill as the athlete finished. “ Save it
for the track work.”

  Ford retired, thinking it over. Dins-
ley’s eyes twinkled across to those of a
youth sitting on the steps. Little imps in
the eyes of Heath wigwagged back.

  The college world was watching Perl-
ham, which had won the intercollegiates
at Philadelphia the previous season by a
good margin of points. A new national
mark had been set by Danby, Perlham's
great miler, in that event, with Featherly,
his varsity mate, close up, and Danziger,

the Vale crack, third. Since then the two
Perlham stars had graduated. Danziga*
now a senior, was generally picked by the
experts to win the mile run at the coming
intercollegiates in June. It was not be-
lieved that old Bill Dinsley, stellar coach
though he was, could develop from raw
material another man capable of securing
a look-in at the mile.

  Perlham’s candidates for the intercol-
legiates would be determined by the re-
sults of its own meet early in May, the
first two or three to qualify, according to
event, to be eligible.

  It gradually developed that Jerry Heath
was Dinsley’s favorite candidate for the
mile, and because Jerry was as wholly un-
like the average college athlete—who fiz-
zes like summer soda—as possible, this
caused much comment. He took his track
work as he did his books, with seriousness.
He “ mixed ” like a hermit and chatted
like the sphinx.

  He was not at all surly, however, merely
silent. Science teaches us that the re-
verberations of the human voice, together
with the putt-putts of motor-boats, the
chuggings of flivvers, and the whole bar-
gain sale of earthly sounds, forever echo
through space. Jerry Heath contributed
but little to this ghostly anvil-chorus.

  Old Bill bestowed much time upon him.
This brought to the stolid Heath person-
ality no visible preening. He just plugged
along. The little fiends which whispered
in the ears of other athletes, emphasizing
the joys of breaking training rules, took
one look at the sober Jerry visage and
hopped onto the others.

  But with all his earnestness, his wiry
legs, his “ bellows ” improved by the dis-
carding of cigarettes, Jerry’s work in some
elements failed to satisfy Dinsley. The
coach continued his laconic pointers;
Jerry strove to comply. But often, in
watching him, the Dinsley eyes puckered
and the Dinsley brow scowled.

  He thought perhaps the irritating lack
might be due to physical reaction. With
this reflection his thoughts naturally
leaped to the item of diet. His assistant,
GINGERING JERRY.

521

Dowd, always sat with the boys at the
training table. But upon an afternoon
Dinsley telephoned his landlady that he
would not be home for supper.

  He sat at the head of the board with
the squad. Soon after casting a cursory
glance over the satisfying of healthy ap-
petites, his sharp gaze became riveted on
one man.

  Jerry was first away from the table.
Old Bill, a close second, tapped him on
the shoulder as they stepped out into the
veranda.

  “ You eat too fast,” alleged Bill.

  “ Do I?”

  “ Yes. You gobbled your steak like a
lion. An’ spinach ain’t a gargle. You’re
supposed to inhale it slow.”

  Jerry looked solemn.

  “ Gobblin’ hurts yer work,” concluded
Bill. “ Take yer time.”

  “ I will,” promised Heath.

  Thereafter he “ Fletcherized ” to an ex-
tent that irritated maids, waiting to clear
the table.

  Jerry’s workouts improved. But the
shrewd eyes that watched his red-haired
find continued to pucker and the brows to
scowl as the days passed. He had dis-
covered. that the item of too speedy eating,
now corrected, had not been the dig ob-
stacle in the development of his prospect.

  The trouble was not in the stomach. It
lay at a point to the left of that organ.

  When circling the stadium track alone,
Jerry was a modern Mercury. When
traveling with others the little imps of
doubt and indecision attached to his plod-
ding heels leaden weights.

  Old Bill had run across these fellows
before, equipped with everything needed
by the runner except the all-important
item of heart. Many such, after he had
become wholly convinced, had been
dropped quick.

  The varsity meet, which would deter-
mine the intercollegiate contenders, was a
week away. Often, under such circum-
stances, he had laconically dismissed some
embryonic crack from the training table,
and only they two had known why.

  Across the table from him it seemed as
if the youth with the attractive eyes sat
silent, awaiting his decision.

  Should he go on with what he was now
convinced was a forlorn hope? Or should
he adhere to his rule, hitherto inviolate,
and drop the lad who lacked the great
requisite of the game?

  Dinsley ceased to ponder. Slow fire
gathered in his eyes. His big fist thumped
on the table.

  “ He’s got to make good!” he muttered,
and filled up his pipe.

  The next afternoon, when Jerry finished
in the ruck of a practise-mile scamper led
by Dyer and Litscom, Dinsley took him
aside.

  “ Tired?” he asked.

  “ No.”

  “ Anything holdin’ ye?”

  “ Not as I know.”

  Old Bill’s eyes searched his own. “ Yes,
there is. It’s yourself.”

  A moment the frank eyes, suddenly
troubled, endured the piercing gaze that
bared the souls of men. Then Jerry’s gaze
dropped.

  He knew of Dinsley’s custom of merci-
lessly weeding up to the last minute. He
stood silently awaiting dismissal.

  At last old Bill spoke. “ You can beat
’em all. Do it!"

  “ I’ll try,” answered Heath.

  Light work marked the remainder of the
week. All Dinsley’s athletes were in the
pink of condition for the coming tests. In
the public mind and among the student
body interest centered in the mile run.

  For this event Dinsley’s knife had left
seven contenders out of thirty original
aspirants. The first three men across the
tape would be Perlham’s entries for the
mile run at the intercollegiates a month
later. There were no trial heats. A single
race would determine the personnel of the
team.

  The big Saturday arrived. It was a
lovely May day. The warm sun flamed;
the lofty surrounding hills were robed in
cool green; fleecy clouds scurried across
the blue sky.
522

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  All Perlham and its environs thronged
the great stadium. The students’ section
was ablaze with red and black. Before
the collegians capered the cheer leaders,
busy with megaphones and rhythmically
swinging arms. The lusty chorus pealed
songs and college yells.

  Before the start of the program many
eyes sought old Bill Dinsley. He was
striding back and forth on the cinder
track in front of the covered portion of the
concrete enclosure. He wore a flamboyant
golfing cap pulled well over his eyes, his
hands thrust in the pockets of his Norfolk
jacket.

  The starter’s pistol cracked for the
opening dash. A general yelp of joy
sounded as a half dozen scantily clad
youths bounded away.

  Event after event was reeled off. The
time made, the distance of hammer hurl-
ings and shot puts, the height achieved in
the pole vaults, all these indicated that
Perlham would be worthily represented at
the intercollegiates.

  The mile run was the last contest
scheduled. Public attention was at a
painful tensity. Seven men crouched at
the line, the magnets for thousands of
eyes. There could be plainly heard the
murmur of the light May breeze. The
flaring red and black colors of the stu-
dents’ section lay idle. The cheer leaders
faced about, megaphones in their hands,
staring with the rest. The starter stood
back of the entrants, his pistol raised.

  In all that company not a human being
was stirring in this tense instant but one.
Old Bill Dinsley was walking from the
finish line, in front of the covered stand,
to the opposite side of the track.

  He did not pause as the pistol cracked
and a mighty roar ascended. He did not
look back. As he reached his point of
vantage the leader for the first half-lap.
flashed past him.

  He was Dyer. Ten feet behind him was
Litscom. The others were grouped far
back. Jerry Heath was sixth. He was
running as smoothly as if with oiled bear-
ings.

  If he noticed his mentor, he did not
evidence it. He flashed by in splendid
form, with a superb mechanical action as
though wound with a key.

  When the runners sped by Dinsley
again, Heath was fifth, but Dyer and Lits-
com had increased their lead on the others.
They seemed determined to make a run-
away race of it. The throng cheered their
efforts. But many eyes watched Heath
curiously. Was it not time for old Bill’s
rumored “ find ” to show?

  As Jerry passed the coach for'the sec-
ond time—apparently still unnoting his
presence—Dinsley scowled most prodigi-
ously. He turned and walked up along
the oval green that fringed the track. He
was headed for the lower turn.

  As he strode, he looked across the oval.
Dyer flashed by the mark, half his journey
completed, with Litscom at his elbow.
Dinsley noticed that the gallant pair had
gained a little on the others in the last
half-lap. A deepening roar ascended as
they sped for the lower turn.

  Jerry Heath was now third, well ahead
of the remaining four stragglers, who fal-
tered in the murderous pace. But Heath
was apparently hopelessly distanced by
the pair of flying meteors fighting it out
ahead.

  The third lap was well under'way, the
beginning of the end on this quarter-mile
track.

  Old Bill Dinsley had nearly reached
the turn when he whirled and stood wait-
ing. With set teeth and gleaming eyes,
arms and legs working like pistons, Dyer
and Litscom shot by him, now shoulder to
shoulder, going at a terrific clip. Far in
their wake came Jerry Heath, running
without perceptible effort, every stride
leaving the four discouraged “ trailers ”
far behind.

  The coach stood with blazing eyes wait-
ing for him. His lean jaws snapped to-
gether like those of a nutcracker. His big
hands were clenched; he crouched as if he
were about to hurl himself upon the ad-
vancing runner.

  Instead, as Heath flashed alongside,
GINGERING JERRY.

523

Dinsley whirled and ran along the strip
of green beside him. The lean jaws
opened. A miracle occurred. From that
mouth which had for years dropped spar-
ingly single syllables there issued a tor-
rent of them, merging in a scourging
thong, a roweling spur to action.

  “You eight-day clock!” bawled old
Bill, as he raced stride for stride with this
fading phenomenon. “ You stationary
engine! You run like you was skippin’ a
rope! Some one ought to put a dress on
you! Where’s your doll and hoop?
You’re that yellow you hurt my eyes!
Trail in, you heartless wonder, and then
go die. Some one ought to tow you in!
I picked out your mother in the stand.
I know ’cause she was hidin’ her face!”

  For once the speckled face turned to old
Bill’s sneering visage with an expression
of flaring hatred. Then it tensed in an
expression it had never worn before. The
red head bent as if to charge a whole
army. There was a flash of a hurtling
form and a deep-throated roar from the
crowd as Jerry Heath left his racing men-
tor in a most discourteous hurry.

  Old Bill came to a halt. A wry smile
crinkled the corners of his mouth. He
strolled slowly across the oval, watching
his galvanized fiend tearing after those
two'flying leaders, at every giant stride
cutting down the intervening distance.

  The trio sped by the mark and squared
away for the final quarter. The great
stadium shook with thunderous sound. In
a half-lap Jerry Heath had cut down a
third of the distance toward that ap-
proaching lead.

  In the center of the oval the veteran
whirled slowly, his glowing, puckered eyes,
like those thousands of other eyes riveted
upon the long-legged whirlwind now eat-
ing up distance in prodigious strides. The
coach’s gaze flashed for an instant to the
stop-watch in his hand, set with the shot
of .the starter’s pistol. Then, alternately
watching it and the runners, he walked
swiftly over to the line as the men tore
around the lower turn into the stretch.

 While men shouted and women

screamed, while collegians danced as if de-
mented, and megaphones and caps were
thrown high in air, Dinsley stood stoically
by the timers, stop-watch in hand. A red-
haired fury came flying down the stretch,
already lengths in advance of Dyer and
Litscom, still close together, but blown.

  Past a massed, screaching lane of hu-
manity flew Jerry Heath, speckled features
mobilized in a vengeful grin, teeth flashing
like those of the carnivori, glaring eyes
temporarily unattractive. Faster and
faster he came, his spikes spurning the
cinders, gathering force with every stride.
He covered the last hundred yards as if
the race had been for that distance, while
the craning thousands wholly parted with
the poise of sanity. With upflung arms he
broke the tape as Dyer just entered the
shadow of the covered section.

  Old Bill, stop-watch in hand, leaned
toward the timers. “ What d’ ye make
it?” he bawled above the din.

  Their watches matched his own. Not
only had Jerry smashed all university rec-
ords, his time was a full two-fifths of a
second better than the intercollegiate rec-
ord established by Danby, Heath’s prede-
cessor of Perlham, the year before.

  The tumult died long enough to allow
the announcement of this fact. Then it
was doubled, tripled, and quadrupled.
Jerry, still glaring, would have liked a
word with old Bill. Instead he was made
the helpless center of a human vortex, and
rose out of the whirlpool like a flurried
nymph, perched, protesting, upon jubilant
shoulders.

  Jerry sat that evening in the parlor of
the Hotel Five Nations. Upon the sofa
next his chair sat, bolt upright and with
primly folded hands, a plump, pretty little
woman with brown hair softly tinged with
gray. She had beautiful eyes. Jerry’s
eyes were like hers.

  There came a hesitant step. They
turned to behold old Bill Dinsley standing
in the doorway.

  At sight of the little woman Bill crossed
to the sofa in two giant strides. His big
hand eagerly sought her own, gave it one
524

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

awkward shake, and dropped it. He
turned to Jerry. Their hands met hard.

  “ Mad?” asked Bill.

  There crossed Jerry’s face the most
spontaneous grin that had ever visited it.
“No!” he exclaimed fervently.

  He turned to the little woman. “ I’m
going out, ma,” he said. “ I’ll be right
back.”

  Old Bill took the chair Jerry had seat-
ed. The little woman gazed at him with
shining eyes. Dinsley, with an effort,
leaped into conversation of limited
syllables.

  “ It’s been a long time.”

  “ Yes,” she answered. “ Going on
thirty years.” In sparing conversation, as
well as in the item of eyes, Jerry was the
son of his mother.

  “ I saw you in the stand,” he continued.
“ I’d known you anywhere.”

  “ I’d known you, too. I saw you on the
track.”

  “ Did you know I was coachin’ him?”

  “ No. He don’t write much. He didn’t
want me to come. Afraid he wouldn’t
win, I find. He just told me what you
said to him.”

  Old Bill grinned. “ He’s some kid.
Win the intercollegiate sure.”

  “ I hope so.” Her warm smile belied
her calm words.

  Across his lined face a shadow drifted.
“ Hope he wins all life’s races. I lost one;
the big.one.”

  She sat silent, with nervous, folded
hands, her frank eyes a little misty.

  “ We never said much,” Bill went on.
“ If we talked a little more, it might have
been as well.”

  “ It might,” conceded the little woman.
Her tone held a hint of reserve.

  Hurriedly Bill skated off the ice. “ I
knew Jerry when he started training, be-
fore I knew his name. Knew him by the
eyes. They’re yours.”

  “ I’ve been told so,” she answered
primly.

  “ Made up my mind he couldn’t lose,
with a mother like you. I made him
win! ”

  “You certainly did!” Now her tone
was as spontaneous as a girl’s. Her sweet
eyes glowed, while little pink banners
flaunted in her soft, round cheeks.

  Dinsley asked his next question with an
effort. “ Where’s—his father? He here
with you?”

  “ Mr. Heath?” she answered a little
hesitatingly. “ Oh, didn’t you ever hear?
He died when Jerry was five. Of course,
you wouldn’t know. You went out west
years ago. It didn’t—turn out—very
well.”

  Old Bill’s lined face was heavy with the
shadow of many years that in this mo-
ment seemed irretrievably wasted. “ It—
didn’t,” he stammered, and paused.

  “ We bury those things with the dead,”
she supplied with gentle dignity. “ I
brought up Jerry. I took in sewing; we
got along. He earned his money for col-
lege.”

  Suddenly Dinsley’s face grew lighter.
Hope once more glowed in his bachelor
breast. After all, there were some years
ahead.

  “ When you going back to Homer?” he
ventured.

  “ To-morrow.”

  Bill cleared his throat. “ What’s the
use of goin’ back?”

  “ What do you mean?” she queried.

  “ I ain’t never married. Will you marry

me?”

  He sat fidgeting with his hat, as self-
conscious as a boy in his best suit. His
eyes sought her face, grown pink as a
young girl’s. She sat with downcast gaze,
her hands twisted in her lap. Together
they resurrected a past which in this mo-
ment seemed as yesterday.

  Finally she looked up at him. And her
eyes also were like a young girl’s.

  “ Yes,” she told him.

  He dropped his hat and grasped her
hands.

  “ When?”

  “ Well,” she replied, her voice as frank
as her eyes, “ I don’t care if I never go
back to Homer. I can send for my
things.”
WTH every passing day the wild places of the earth grow fewer; each rising sun
sees the reclamation of some great waste visibly advanced. Civilization,
that for centuries crawled slowly, painfully forward, now, aided by steam,
electricity—and high-power guns', strides onward, resistless, inexorable. Trolley-cars
run where a few years ago savages roamed at will; cities rise in deserts that for ages
had borne no greater burden than the feet of an occasional and hardy adventurer.

    About Asia and Africa the bonds are tightening; the rod of the surveyor has
banished the mystery of the great Amazon Valley; only the great, frozen North holds
out, and even there the steel and wire tentacles of civilization are pushing onward. It
is still unconquered, however; vast, silent, iron-hard, cruel, and remorseless; and as the
country so the men—and women—it produces, for here as nowhere else the doctrine of
the survival of the fittest is exemplified; only the fit—the perfectly fit—can survive.

    So, naturally, when we want a hero—a real hero of epic proportions, of red blood
and iron soul—we turn to the country that produces such men—the great Northwest.
It is here that our new five-part serial, which begins next week, is laid. It is called—

THE GUN BRAND

BY JAMES B. HENDRYX
Author of “ The Promise,” “ The One Big Thing,” “ Marquard the Silent,” etc.

and certainly no one is better qualified to tell the story of such a hero—and heroine- -
than this author, as those of you who have read any of his other stories will testify.
Bob MacNair—“ Brute ” MacNair, as he is called—is the hero; born at the Hudson
Bay post of which his father was a factor, he becomes a free-trader upon his father’s
death, and the influence of his powerful personality is soon felt throughout the North.
The heroine, Chloe Elliston, is a city and college-bred girl, but in her veins runs the
blood of old “ Tiger ” Elliston, whose heroic work in the conquest and civilization of
the Malay Archipelago was second only to that of Brooke the elder; and it is the drive
of this restless, unconquerable blood that has sent her into the heart of the wild Atha-
basca country to bring education and civilization to the Indians.

     I am not going to tell you a thing about this story; it would be impossible to do so
without, to some extent, anticipating; but I will say that from beginning to end it is
full of strongly dramatic situations, vivid pictures of life in that land of ice and iron,
and some of the most splendid characters you have met in a long time—Pierre Lapierre,
for instance, the polished, college-bred, quarter-breed free-trader; and Big Lena, Chloe’s
gigantic and faithful Swedish maid. Nor must we forget Wee Johnny Tamarack,
MacNair’s old Indian henchman, and the half-breed, Louis Lefroy, who—; But that
is enough, only do not fail to get next week’s All-Story and begin this wonderful
story.

>t2<
526

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

DID you read “ Narcissus,” by Horatio
Winslow, in the October 14 number of
this magazine? One enthusiastic fan wrote in to
say that he had studied Latin and Greek authors
in the original, but had never, in all his experi-
ence, read such an accurate and convincing pic-
ture of ancient Rome as was contained in that
story. And as far as Ye Editor was concerned,
he crowned the novelette forthwith as being a
hundred per cent perfect, technically.

  Well, we’ve got another “ Narcissus ” for you
next week, but as different a story as possible
in almost every way. It is—

OZER TOTI’S DAUGHTER

BY JENNIE HASKELL ROSE

  You’ve read Longfellow’s “ Saga of King
Olaf ” in all probability, and have been thrilled
through by the stirring verse—of grim vikings
and the rapture of the sea-fight and the capture,
and the life of slavery. “ It was Einar Tamber-
skelver stood beside the mast, from his yew-
bow tipped with silver, flew the arrows fast;
aimed at Eric unavailing as he sat concealed
half behind the quarter-railing, half behind his
shield—” and the rest. And you’ve read mighty
little fiction of that time and country at that,
we’ll venture to say.

  Ozer Toti’s daughter, Gunhilda of Helgeland,
was as real a character as Olaf himself, though
she lived a hundred years before Olaf's time.
She was as young as she was beautiful at the
period of this story, and as deadly dangerous as
she was young. Her gray-green eyes could
promise all things to a man at one moment,'and
freeze him the next. And when her father, the
bonde, sent her to Lapland to learn magic of
the Lapp wizards—

But wait till next week. You won’t regret it.

          <£*	-Jt

THE search for the unexplainable riddle of
the universe goes on unceasingly. The
curiosity of man is his most persistent faculty,
and no problem has exercised his inquiring genius
more than the problem of the why of man him-
self. What is the spark of life? When it sput-
ters out and leaves the husk it occupied to be-
come mere waxen-colored clay—what happens
then?

LIBERTY OR DEATH?

BY CHARLES B. STILSON

A ‘4 Different * * Story

is the amazingly fantastic conception, born in the
mind of Therott Karker, of a soul’s activity
after death. The theory expounded is simply a
theory, and makes no pretense to be anything
more than that; but it is an astonishingly grip-

ping piece of fiction, altogether worthy of a
place in our “ different ’’ department.

Than which no higher praise need be given.

,!*	-J* .	Jt

 “THE LATE FIGGER BUSH,” by E. K.
Means, is another delightful Tickfall comedy,
which goes to prove what the Persian prince
learned to his sorrow—that it is foolish to flee
from your lion.

  rigger’s lion was a mighty harmless one—or
so it seemed to Figger; in short, it was that
ebony gentleman's granddad. But in view of
the fact that Figger—about the laziest darky in
Tickfall—had trouble enough to keep his own
soul and body together without working, he had
no intention whatever of supporting his ancient
“ kinnery.’’

  So Figger sought the advice and counsel of
Skeeter Butts and Vinegar Atts, and among
them they cooked up a scheme that you shall
learn all about next week.

 “ CONSIDER THE OATH OF M’TAGA,” by
Achmed Abdullah, is another story of that re-
markable firm of traders on the west coast of
Africa, Donachie and Daud, known affectionately
over half the continent as the firm of DD.
Captain Abdullah certainly knows the native of
Africa as few do—as no white man but an Arab
can—and in this story he introduces you to a
phase of native character in his relation to his
white masters that is as strange as it is in-
teresting. Lieutenant Johnny Mortimer was new
to the coast; he did not realize—though Mah-
moud Ali Daud, the Arab member of the firm
of DD, endeavored to show him—that there is
a difference between a mission-bred coast negro
and a chief of the Bayaka. Johnny couldn’t see
it. at all, and his blindness cost him— Well,
that is the story, or part of it. The other part
Daud himself played, and that, I think, is
enough to tell you here. But do not fail to read
the story next week. It is very much worth
while.

.Jt	Jt

 “FROZEN GROUND,” by Thomas Jeffries
Betts, is an intimate little study of Chinese life
that in its way is a little gem—a picture. There
are all kinds of pictures in the world; big,
splashy oils and soft water-colors; fine, clean-cut
engravings, delicate etchings, and the ubiquitous
photograph. But this story is neither one nor
the other; in the truth and minuteness of its detail
it is, perhaps, photographic, but it has also the
subtle softness and charm of a perfect miniature
—and that is exactly what it is. And that is
all I am going to tell you about it, for it would
be a shame to spoil by even a hint your enjoy-
ment of this little masterpiece next week.
HEART TO HEART TALKS.

527

    NOTICE.—Inquiries concerning
  stories that we have published will be
  answered in the Heart to Heart Talks
  only when the name of the author as
  well as the title of the story is sup-
  plied by the correspondent.

 “TOO MUCH EFFICIENCY” WINS

To the Editor:

   I have been a constant reader of your splendid
magazine, the All-Story, ever since you started
it, and I have never missed a copy of it, and,
what’s more, I have never been disappointed in
your stories.

   I read the All-Story from cover to cover, in-
cluding the Heart to Heart Talks, and am very
much pleased with the whole thing.

  I was very much pleased with the stories
“ Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar,” by Edgar
Rice Burroughs, and “Too Much Efficiency,”
by E. J. Rath.

  With my congratulations, and wishes for the
best of luck,

S. Silein.

   1002 Davenport Street,

  Omaha, Nebraska.

To the Editor:

  I have been a reader of the All-Story since
the first part of “Too Much Efficiency.’’ It is
the best story I have ever read.

   Some more of E. J. Rath’s stories, please!

Louise Fehr.

  937 Eighth Avenue,

  New York, New York.

  Note: “Too Much Efficiency,” by E. J. Rath,
is published in book form by W. S. Watt & Co.,
New York, at S1.35 net.

THROUGH COLD AND STORM FOR
ALL-STORY

To the Editor:

   I enclose one dollar to continue our subscrip-
tion to the All-Story from February 3.

  My wife and I have been reading the All-
Story for two years. We read many periodicals,
and consider the All-Story the best magazine
we can find on any news-stand when we are
traveling. We are at home this winter, and
while we are a mile and half from the post-
office, it is never too cold or stormy to make the
trip on Friday to get the All-Story.

   I wish to congratulate you on the “ make-up ”
of your magazine and your staff of writers. I

can honestly say that I read every issue from
cover to cover and enjoy it immensely. Of
course, every reader of a magazine has his favor-
ite writers—my wife and I find several among
the staff of the All-Story.

  “ The Brass Check ” was intensely interest-
ing ; “ The Iron Rider ’’ kept us anxious for the
next instalment; “ The Black Cloud ” was grip-
ping from start to finish. Achmed Abdullah
fascinates us 1 with the mysticism of the East.
James Frederick Topping must have had some
experience in the show business to be able to
write his Mrs. McJimsey stories—every trouper
can sure appreciate them. But Dr. E. K. Means
is my favorite, and, like Achmed Abdullah, he
must have “ been there,” and he certainly has
made a study of his subject. To me each of his
articles grows more interesting.

  May the All-Story long continue to enjoy its
well-earned success!

J. W. Sights.

  Moquah, Wisconsin.

 O’LIGHT! WE TALKEE MISSA GLEY

To the Editor:

  What’s a malla you no likee Zane Gley? Me
heap likee Missa Gley light um heap long story.
Bym by you talkee Missa Gley light um story
heap quick.

  Heap likee Bulloughs. Maybe so likee E. K.
Means. Too muchee like H. Footner. Bym by
likee Beecham.

 Me ketchum All-Story three year. Me
ketchum si'ty-fi’ year more if me no ketchum all
samee dead.

O’light! You talkee Missa Gley. Goo’-by.

D. J. Dutton.

  47 Whiting Avenue,

  Detroit, Michigan.

YES! THE SAME JOHN BARNETT

To the Editor:

  I desire to thank you for a really fine story
that you published last fall, “ Breath of the
Dragon.”

  Are we to have any more stories by Johnston
McCulley similar to “Captain Fly-By-Night”?
And why not give us the last of Frank Bligh-
ton’s trilogy about “Mr. North of Nowhere?”
Now that I am started, anyhow, I might as
well continue in the general custom and mention
the stories I like: “ The Huntress,” by Hulbert
Footner; “The Border Legion," by Zane Grey;
“ Nuala O'Malley,” by H. Bedford-Jones, and
“ The Affair of Dahjangsari,” by John Charles
Beecham. Is the John Barnett who wrote
“ Posh • Luker ” the same one who wrote
“ Grana’s Son”? And why not have E. K.
528

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Means write a regular mystery serial for us?
His “ Hoodoo Face ” was excellent.

                       Yours very truly,

Mary Lewis.

  St. Louis, Missouri.

“THE BORDER LEGION” IN BOOK
FORM

To the Editor:

  I have never before taken the liberty of ex-
pressing my appreciation of the fine stories you
have been publishing in the All-Story.

  The only fault I have to find with your maga-
zine is the lack of athletic stories.

  My favorite authors are E. J. Rath, Zane
Grey, Jackson Gregory, E. K. Means, and
George A. England.

  Give us more like “Too Much Efficiency”
and “ The Brass Check.’- Can you tell me in
the Heart to Heart Talks in what numbers I
can secure “The Border Legion," by Zane Grey?

                     Very sincerely yours,

Jack Kelley.

  Anniston, Alabama.

  Note : “ The Border Legion,” by Zane Grey,
was published in the All-Story, January 15 to
February 19, 1916. We can supply the six
issues for twenty cents each. It has also been
published in book form by Harper & Brothers,
at $1.35 net.

TO THE LAST DOUBLE-JITNEY

To the Editor:

  I am not an old reader of your fine publica-
tion, and so I cannot go very far back to tell
you how much I’ve enjoyed your stories. It
was only recently that I got hold of a copy, in
fact, and what I read there convinced me that
the All-Story is about the best magazine going.
If it keeps to its present pace, I’ll read it if it
takes my last double-jitney!

  Not long ago you published in your Heart to
Heart Talks a letter by William Rand Loescher.
I want to say that this young man is a very
good friend of mine, and that is the reason I
stopped in his home town, Holyoke. It was
through him I came in contact with All-Story,
for he is a great reader and a good critic. Well,
to resume. He and I used to travel together,
and many were the adventures we faced side
by side. There were four of us, and he was the
acknowledged leader. And as a leader he was
about the most reckless cuss who ever crossed
the Mexican Line, and got himself all shot up
before he had sense enough to beat it back to
where he belonged. But the best of it was that
no matter what predicament he got himself into,
he always managed to get out again, and neatly.

 He could tell a lot about our travels together,
 because he happens to be there in the literary
 line himself and is something of a talker—when
 he gets started.

That story about Tarzan was good, and the
same can be said about “ Too Much Efficiency,”
“ Nuala O’Malley,” “ The Black Cloud,” “ The
Yellow Furlough,” “ The Golden Hope,” “ The
Brass Check,” “ The God of the Invincibly Strong
Arms,” “ Jewels and Fine Gold,” the E. K.
Means stories, “ The Girl from Farris’s,” et
cetera.

Too many people are kicking about Means,
and I think it about time to say that he is one
of the best writers on the staff of the All-Story.

                     Very sincerely yours,

Eric Drefke.

 Holyoke, Massachusetts.

 LETTERETTES

 Although I have been a reader of your stories
 for over a year, this is the first letter I have
 written to you to let you know how much I
 enjoy reading the All-Story Weekly.

I think that our readers ought to thank you
as well as the authors for the many good stories
they have given us this last year. At least I thank
you, because you are responsible for the good
stories.	Esther Thurber.

Newport, Kentucky.

Although I have only been reading the All-
Story for several months, I cannot but say that
it is the best fiction magazine I have ever read.

Although some of the stories are highly im-
aginative, they are written in a way that makes
one feel oneself a part of the plot. The serials
are the best part of the All-Story, although
some of the short stories are fine.

 I would like to see a story with the plot cen-
 tering around wireless telegraphy. The best
 stories I have read so far in the All-Story are
 “The Courtship Superlative,” “Contraband,” and
 “ The Girl from Farris’s.” I think the last-
 named is a masterpiece. It sure is some story.

Ronald DeMuth.

 210 High Street,

 Streator, Illinois.

I like the All-Story Weekly best of all
magazines, and the continued stories are the best
I ever read. I like Zane Grey’s works about
the best of all, and would like to know if we
are soon to have another good serial from him.

Esther G. Johnson.

 89 Palisade Avenue,

Jersey City, New Jersey.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

How I Raised My Earnings
fiom '30 to lOOO a week

         The Story of a Young Man’s
         Remarkable Rise, as Told by Himself

THREE years ago I was earning $30 per
week. With a wife and two chifdren to
support it was a constant struggle to
make both ends meet. We saved very little, and
that only by sacrificing things we really needed.
To-day my earnings average a thousand dollars
weekly. I own two automobiles. My children
go to private schools. I have just purchased, for
cash, a $25,000 home. I go hunting, fishing,
motoring, traveling, whenever I care to, and I
do less work than ever before.

  What I have done, anyone can do—for I am
only an average man. I have never gone to col-
lege, my education is limited, and I am not ‘‘ bril-
liant ” by any means. I personally know at least
a hundred men who are better business men than
I, who are better educated, who are better in-
formed on hundreds of subjects, and who have
much better ideas than I ever had. Yet not one
of them approaches my earnings. I mention this
merely to show that earning capacity is not gov-
erned by the extent of a man's education and to
convince my readers that there is only one reason
for my success—a reason I will give herein.

  One day, a few years ago, I began to “ take
stock ” of myself. I found that, like most other
men, I had energy, ambition, determination. Yet
in spite of these assets, for some reason or other
I drifted along without getting anywhere. My
lack of education bothered me, and I had thought
seriously of making further sacrifices in order to
better equip myself to earn more. Then I read
somewhere that but few millionaires ever went to
college. Edison. Rockefeller, Hill, Schwab, Car-
negie—not one of them had any more schooling
than I had.

  One day something happened that woke me up
to what was wrong with me. It was necessary for
me to make a decision on a matter which was of
no great consequence. I knew in my heart what
was the right thing to do, but something held me
back. I said one thing, then another; I decided
one way, then another. I couldn’t for the life of
me make the decision I knew was right.

  I lay awake most of that night thinking about
the matter—not because it was of any great im-
portance in itself, but because I was beginning to
discover myself. Along towards dawn I resolved
to try an experiment. I decided to cultivate my
will power, believing that if I did this I would not
hesitate about making decisions—that when I had
an idea I would have sufficient confidence in
myself to put it “ over ”—that I would not be
‘‘ afraid ” of myself or of things or of others. I
felt that if I could smash my ideas across I would
soon make my presence felt. I knew that hereto-
fore I had always begged for success—had always
stood, hat in hand, depending on others to “ give ”
me the things I desired. In short. I was controlled
by the will of others. Henceforth, I determined
to have a strong will of my own—to demand and
command what 1 wanted.

  But how shall 1 begin? What shall I do first?
It was easy enough for me to determine to do
things—I had “ determined ” many times before.
But this was a question of will power, and I made
up my mind that the first step was to muster up
enough of my own will power to stick to and
carry out my determination.

  With this new purpose in mind I applied my-
self to finding out something more about will
power. I was sure that other men must have
studied the subject, and the results of their ex-
perience would doubtless be of great value to me
in understanding the workings of my own will.
So, with a directness of purpose that I had
scarcely known before, I began my search.

  The results at first were discouraging. While a
good deal had been written about the memory
and other faculties of the brain, I could find
nothing that offered any help to me in acquiring
the new power that I had hoped might be pos-
sible.

  But a little later in my investigation I en-
countered the works of Prof. Frank Charming
Haddock. To my amazement and delight I dis-
covered that this eminent scientist, whose name
ranks with James, Bergson and Royce, had just

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Aja*-Stout Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

completed the most thorough and constructive
study of will power ever made. I was astonished
to read his statement, “ The will is just as suscep-
tible of development as the muscles of the body”!
My question was answered! Eagerly I read fur-
ther—how Dr. Haddock had devoted twenty
years to this study—how he had so completely
mastered it that he was actually able to set down
the very exercises by which anyone could develop
the will, making it a bigger, stronger force each
day, simply through an easy, progressive course
of Training.

  It is almost needless to say that I at once began
to practice the exercises formulated by Dr. Had-
dock. And I need not recount the extraordinary
results that I obtained almost froift the first day.
I have already indicated the success that my
developed power of will has made for me.

  But it may be thought that my case is excep-
tional. Let me again assure you that I am but an
average man, with no super-developed powers,
save that of my will. And to further prove my
contention, let me cite one or two instances I
have since come across, which seem to show
conclusively that an indomitable will can be
developed by anyone.

  One case that comes to my mind is that of a
young man who worked in a big factory. He was
bright and willing, but seemed to get nowhere.
Finally he took up the study of will training, at
the suggestion of Mr. W. M. Taylor, the famous
efficiency expert of the Willys-Overland Com-
pany, and in less than a year his salary was
increased 800 $. Then there is the case of
C. D. Van Vechten, General Agent of the North-
western Life Insurance Company, Cedar Rapids,
Iowa. Just a short time after receiving the
methods in will development suggested by Prof.
Haddock, he felt that they would be worth from
$3,000 to $30,000 to him.

  Another man, Mr. H. D. Ferguson, residing in
Hot Springs, Ark., increased his earnings from
$40 a week to $90 a week in a remarkably short
space of time after he began the study of will
training. These are but a few—there are many
other equally amazing examples which I person-
ally know about. And aside from the financial
gain, this training has enabled thousands to over-
come drink and other vices almost overnight—
has helped overcome sickness and nervousness,

has transformed unhappy, envious,' discontented
people into dominating personalities filled with
the joy of living.

  Prof. Haddock’s lessons, rules and exercises in
will training have recently been compiled and
published in book form by the Pelton Publishing
Co., of Meriden, Conn. Mr. Pelton has author-
ized me to say that any reader who cares to
examine the book may do so without sending any
money in advance. In other words, if after a
week’s reading you do not feel that this book is
worth $3, the sum asked, return it and you will
owe nothing. When you receive your copy for
examination I suggest that you first read the
articles on: the law of great thinking; how to
develop analytical power; how to perfectly con-
centrate on any subject; how to guard against
errors in thought; how to drive from the mind
unwelcome thoughts; how to develop fearless-
ness; how to use the mind in sickness; how to
acquire a dominating personality.

  Some few doubters will scoff at the idea of will
power being the fountainhead of wealth, position
and everything we are striving for, and some
may say that no mere book can teach the devel-
opment of the will. But the great mass of
intelligent men and women will at least investi-
gate for themselves by sending for the book at
the publisher’s risk. I am sure that any book
that has done for me—and for thousands of
others—what “ Power of Will ” has done—is well
worth investigating. It is interesting to note that
among the 150,000 owners who have read, used
and praised “ Power of Will,” are such prominent
men as Supreme Court Justice Parker; Wu Ting
Fang, Ex-U. S. Chinese Ambassador; Lieut.-Gov.
McKelvie, of Nebraska; Assistant Postmaster-
General Britt; General Manager Christeson, of
Wells-Fargo Express Co.; E. St. Elmo Lewis;
Governor Arthur Capper, of Kansas, and thou-
sands of others.

  As a first step in will training, I would suggest
immediate action in this matter before you. It
is not even necessary to write a letter. Use the
form below, if you prefer, addressing it to the
Pelton Publishing Company, 54-F Wilcox Block,
Meriden, Conn., and the book will come by re-
turn mail. This one act may mean the turning
point of your life, as it has meant to me and to
so many others.

PELTON PUBLISHING COMPANY

                      54-F Wilcox Block, Meriden, Conn.

      I will examine a copy of “ Power of Will ” at your risk. I agree to remit $3 or
remail the book in 5 days.

Name...................................................................................................................................................................................................

Address............................................................................................................................................................................................

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekt-y.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Beauty’s Tribute

 A soft, velvety skin with a touch of pink blending into
 a creamy ivory receives the tribute paid to Beauty
 everywhere

CARMEN Complexion POWDER

 gives just this quality to the complexion, and its alluring
 fragrance makes it the choice of women of refinement
 and discrimination.

          White, Pink, Flesh, Cream—50c Everywhere
 STAFFORD-MILLER CO.,	ST. LOUIS, MO.

Don’t Wear a Truss

► ROOKS’APPLIANCE,
' the modern scientific
invention, the wonderful
new discovery that re-
lieves rupture will be
sent on trial. No ob-
noxious springs or pads.
Has automatic Air
Cushions. Binds and
draws the broken parts
together as you would a
broken limb. No salves.
No lies. Durable, cheap.
Sent on trial to prove it.
Protected by U. S. pat-
ents. Catalogue and meas-
ure blanks mailed free. Send
name and address today.

C. E. BROOKS, 396 State Street, Marshall, Mick

CREDIT TERMS!

AS LOW AS—i

 Watch Prices'Downto Bed Rock”

 Our prices on high-grade, standard Watches are
 always the lowest, while values are top-notch.

 Send for Watch and Diamond Catalog and get
 posted about Watches before you purchase. Our
 Catalog illustrates and describes all the new '
 models—Elgin, Waltham, Illinois, Hampden, and
 others—15,17,19,21,23 Jewels, adjusted to temper-
 ature, isochronism and positions. You do not have ^
 to take any one special make when you buy of us,
 for we have all the best for you to select from,
 and you Judge for yourself after you see and ex-
 amine the watch. Our watches are guaranteed by
 the factory and further guaranteed by us. We make	_

 any necessary repairs, barring accident, free of charge, for a
 period of three years from date of purchase.

Diamonds

On Credit

Diamond»
Win Hearts

                           SEND FORCATALOGand see

                                the splendid Diamond Rings
 we are selling on credit terms
 as low as $2.60 a month: Diamond La Vallieres as low as $1 a month;
 Diamond Ear Screws, Studs, Scarf Pins, at $2 a month; all mount-
 ings solid gold or platinum. Wrist watches at $1.50 a month. Any*
 thing you select will be sent prepaid by us. You examine the ar-
 ticle right In your own hands. If satisfactory, pay one-fifth of
 the purchase price and keep it, balance divided into eight equal
 amounts, payable monthly. If not what you wish, return at our
 expense. You are under no obligation. Send for Catalog today.

 LOFTIS BROS. & CO., The National Credit Jewelers

 Dept. L-240, 100 to 108 N. State Street* Chicago, Illinois

 (Established 1868) fltorea io: Chicago 3 Pittsburgh : St. Louis i Omaha,

Perfect hearing is now being restored in
every condition of deafness or defective
hearing from causes such as Catarrhal
Deafness, Relaxed or Sunken Drums,Thick-
ened Drums, Roaring and Hissing Sounds.
Perforated, Wholly or Partially Destroyed
Drums, Discharge from Ears, etc.

Wilson Common-Sense Ear Drums

“Little Wireless Phones for the Ears”
require no medicine but effectively replace what is lacking or
defective in the natural ear drums. They are simple devices,
which the wearer easily fits into the ears where they are
invisible. Soft, safe and comfortable.

VVrite today for our 168-page FREE book on DEAFNESS,
giving you full particulars and testimonials.

        WILSON EAR DRUM CO., Incorporated
634 Inter-Southern Building,	LOUISVILLE, KY.

if

CEMENT ...

STANDS HOT AND COLD WATER IOC

      DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURERS

        Catalog showing all latest designs mailed free
        upon request. Special olfer: Either style pin ,
        illustrated with any equal number of letters and
        numerals and one or two colors of best hard
        enamel. Silver Plate 1 5o each, $1,50 per
        dozen; Sterling Silver 30o ea, $3.00 per doz. »w.i«aw
        BASTIAN BROS. CO. 77 BAST1AN BLOG.,ROCHESTER,N.Y.

In answeringr any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.

BEAUTIFUL DIAMONDS SENT ON APPROVAL

                                               r catalogue ; we will send it, all charges paid.

   NO MONEY DOWN. Order any diamond from ( __ _________________ .. _________,--------„-------

    After you have made a thorough examination and are satisfied as to the quality and value, pay
20 per cent of the price and only ten per cent per month thereafter. If not satisfactory, return
■ it at our expense. Don’t pay a cent until you are satisfied. Certificate furnished guaranteeing: '
the quality of every diamond. Exchangeable at any time for any other article at an annual increase
I In value of 7 1-2 per cent MORE than you paid. Own a genuine Diamond. Send for our Catalog
1 De Luxe No. 7. It’s free. L. W. SWEET & CO., Inc., 2 and 4 Maiden Lane, New York City
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

lO^aDay

Buys This Lyric Cornet!

AN exquisite instrument direct toyou

^ ^ on an astounding offer. Triple silver
plated. Long model. Instant change from Bb
to A. Sent to you for a full free trial in your
own home. If you decide to keep it, pay the
rock-bottom, direct-from-the-manufacturers
price at a rate of only a few cents a day.

WuRUlZER

200 years of instrument making

The name “Wurlitzer” stamped on
musical instruments has stood for the highest
quality for nearly two centuries. We are
manufacturers of every known musical instru-
ment. All sold direct to you at the rock-bot-
tom, direct-from-the-manufacturer3 price. We
supply the U. S. Government.

Your Choice of Instruments

On this great special offer you have
besides this comet over 2,000 other instruments
to choose from—all shipped to you for a free
trial in your own home. If you decide to buy,
pay only the rock-bottom price at the rate of
a few cents a day. Don’t miss this liberal offer.

Free Trial!

Try out the instrument of
your choice in your ownjway be-

IOl

 Carry in* Case FREE

 If joo set at once we
 will give you absolute-
 ly freo a handsome
 genuine leather carry-
 ing case for the ex-
 quisfte triple silver
 plated Lyric Cornet.

i yo	_ _.____

it with other instruments. Test it.

Then after the free trial—either pay
a little each month or send it back.

•Send the Coupon / The RudoiPh

Just your name and ad- /
dress on the coupon now and £ E. 4th St., Cincinnati, Ohio
get our big new catalog ab- > S.WabashAve.., Chicago, III.
solutely free. Absolutely no f Gentlemen: Please send me
obligations of any kind, f , y,°Vr JW-page catalog abso;
Just state what instru- &
ment you are interested f
in and the book is f
yours. Write today. £

The Rudolph £ Nam4,

Wurlitzer Co. /

Dept. 1083 / AddriM.

Cast 4th Street, jT	.....

Cincinnati. Ohio >

tES&r-/

  lately free and tell me about
  your Bpecial offer direct from
  the manufacturer.

I am interested in..................

Put name of instrument here.

MakeThis Yjyy Business

At $3,000 Per Year

     Repairing and Retreading Automobile Tires.

  There isn’t a business you could get into that offers
  such sure possibilities of success and fortune. One
  man and a Haywood Tire Repair Plant can make
  $250 a month and more. Scores already have done
  it and this year there is a greater demand than
  ever for tire repair work.

 15 Million Tires to Repair

      That’s not a myth nor some man’s dream. It’s an
  actual fact. Tire factories everywhere are building
  new buildings— enlarging their plants for the biggest
  period of prosperity in tne automobile business. 15
  million tires will be built and every one will need
  repairing.

     Punctures and Blow Outs Are Common

      Why not cash in on this opportunity? Start in the
  business while it is yet young. A business that’s grow-
  ing and getting bigger and better. As it grows it will
  make big money for you.

No Experience Necessary

  No previous training, no apprenticeship, is required
  to enter this business,—not even the faintest knowl-
  edge of tires. If you have a little mechanical turn of
  mind, you can quickly become an expert. We teach
  everything. You learn in a week. Handle all kinds of
  jobs —figure prices at big cash profits. Nothing is
  easier to master completely.

A Rich Opportunity

  Awaits ambitious men everywhere. No city too large
  —no town too small—everywhere the same opportunity
  exists. A Moderate Investment starts you. Get one
  machine and build the business from there. Business
  comes easy. We show how to get it. You grow and
  grow. You’re soon a Real Manufacturer—A Success
  —a mighty big factor in your community.

 Write for the Facts

  INVESTIGATE. Send the coupon below, a letter or postal.

  This brings full information—and a big interesting catalog:. Tells
  all about tires and how to repair them. Shows how to make money
  —to become independent. Do this today—NOW—before you forget it.

 HAYWOOD TIRE & EQUIPMENT COMPANY tjl

 760 Capitol Avenue INDIANAPOLIS, IND. Jr

Vre1e:"cATALOG COUPON " 1

  HAYWOOD TIRE & EQUIPMENT CO., 760. Capitol An., Indianapolis, Ind. |

  Gentlemen: — Please send me your catalog, details and plans for
  starting ambitious men in the Tire Repair business.

Name ............................................................ ®

I

................................................. I

................................................. I

 Address•

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention Ai.l-Stobt Weekly.
Guaranteed
for five
Vears

                                Think What
                                You Can Get
                                Now for $37.20

A genuine No. 4

                          Underwood—the stand-
ard visible typewriter, with
back spacer, two-color ribbon
and tabulator — complete with
waterproof cover, new ribbon and
special touch typewriting in-
struction book—the machine
that is
today the lead-
ing typewriter of
the world! Guaranteed
to be delivered in perfect con-
dition !

5 years.

Fully guaranteed for

 Moreover, yol don’t have to buy it to try it! We will send one to you on Ten
 Days’ Free Trial. Write all you please on it for ten days and then if you are not
 perfectly satisfied, send it back at our expense. What’s more, if you do not care to
 buy, you may rent it at our low monthly rates. If later you want to own it, we
 will apply six months' rental payments on the low purchase price. Any national
 bank in Chicago,Hor any Dun’s or Bradstreet’s Agency anywhere will tell
 you that we are responsible. Learn all the facts about this remarkable
 offer. Write us today—send us your name and address on the attached
 coupon—or a postcard. Ask for Offer No. 18.

 Our Other Plan Brings You This Underwood

 This is a, new plan—Our Agency Plan. You
 are not asked to-do any canvassing—no so-
 liciting of orders, You simply co-operate

 with us. Become one of oitir nation-wide organiza-
 tion. ‘ You can easily get your Underwood free by
 this new plan. Write tonight—send your name and
 address on the coupon or a post card and learn all
 about Offer No. 18. ^

 Typewriter Emporium, 34-36 W. take St., Chicago ^

    ........ .

FREE

’Way Under Vz
Manufacturer’s Price
Train By Mail

  Under the Direction of These
  Prominent Accountants

FACULTY

William Arthur Chase*

LL. M., C. P. A.

  Consulting: Accountant and Auditor;
  Former President National Association
  of C. P. A. Examiners; Former Secre-
  tary, Illinois State Board of Examin-
  ers in Accountancy; Sometime Lectur-
  er on Accountancy in the University
  of Illinois; Member of the Illinois Bar.

  John B. Tanner, C. P. A.

  Vice-President, Wisconsin State Board
  of Accountancy; Former Accounting
  Director, Wisconsin State Board of
  Public Affairs; formerly of Nau
  Tanner and Rusk, Certified Public
  Accountants.

Stephen Gilman, B. Sc.,C.P.A.

  Commercial Engineer and Cost Ac-
  countant; formerly with Tennessee
  Coal, Iron & Railroad Co.

  Andrew J. Quigley, C. P. A.

  Ex-Chairman of Washington State
  Board of Accountancy, Specialist in
  the accounting: methods of gas, elec-
  tric light, street railway and other
  public service corporations.

E. E. Jones, C. P. A.

  Ex-President of the National Business
  Teachers’ Association; Ex-Secretary
  of the National Commercial Teachers*
  Federation.

      LECTURE WRITERS
      (Partial List)

DeWitt C. Eggleston, C. P. A.

  Department of Finance, New York.
  Frank C. Webner, C. P. A.

  ecialist

 ___mager, ________________

  dustnal Traffic Engineers,

  New York and Milwaukee.

  Walter C. Wright, C. P. A.
  President, Audit Company, o& Loa
  Angeles, Inc.

 perts, professional men, text writers,
 instructors and assistants, including
 recognized authorities in all depart-

LEARN

HIGHER ACCOUNTING!

   The Profession That Pays Big Incomes

    Do you know that accountancy has developed into a big,
dignified and well paid profession? There are many certified
public accouri* whose ir :omes are $10,000 to $25,000 a year.
The Unitea L^ates ir^eel Corporation paid one accounting firm
$250,000 for installing its cost and accounting systems.

    Never before have there been so many splendid opportun-
ities for .trained accountants—men whose training combines a
knowledge of Auditing, Cost Accounting, Business Law, Organ-
ization, Management and Finance. Few professions offer bet-
ter opportunities to young men of ambition and intelligence.
The tremendous business growth of this country has created a
rich field for the expert. There are only 2,000 Certified Public
Accountants to do the work of the half million concerns need-
ing their services. The expert accountant is also needed today
in every big executive organization.

Knowledge of Bookkeeping Unnecessary to Begin

We will give you whatever training, instruction or review
on the subject of bookkeeping you may personally need—and

without any extra expense to you. Our big, free book on the accountancy pro-
fession fully explains how we train you from the ground up, according to your
individual needs, from the simplest bookkeeping principles to the most advanced
accounting problems. All text material supplied in the course has been
especially prepared in clear, easy-to-understand language, bq you can readily
master the principles by home-study.

Small Cost—Easy Terms

Mail Coupon Today

Write today and learn how our easy-payment plan places this splendid
course of training yvithin the reach of every ambitious person who possesses
a real desire for personal advancement and the kind of organ-
ized “brain power” that commands big rewards in business
k everywhere. Mail the coupon now and get our free book
k which fully describes our expert training course and tells
^ all about our Money-Hack Guarantee, O. P. A. examina-

Vtions, state regulations, salaries, and' incomes and how
you can qualify for a high-grade accounting position
" The World's Greatest Extension University"	ft without interference with your present job. If

oQo u	r'-KS.r.ill » you want to enter an uncrowded held that offers

uept.	^nicago, in. * trained men a real opportunity for worthwhile

Without cost or obligation on my part, please send me ^ advancement, send in the coupon and find
your book of "Accountancy Facts” and particulars re- * out what we have done for others and
garding your Home-Study Course of Training in Higher + Can do for you.

Accountancy. Also a copy of your valuable book for the %

ambitious, *• Ten Years’ Promotion In One.”	* LaSalle Extension University,

\ "The World’s Greatest

Name..............................................................* Extension University”

\ Dept. 332-H
Address..............................................................\ Chicago. 111.

City.,

. .State.,

-Send This Coupon