Argosy Weekly LAUNCH TORPEDOES! Exciting Novelet of Combat at Sea Allan R. Bosworth’s Fine Novel of the U. S. Navy ARGO? 16 More Pages mv* Larger Type AND OTHER IMPROVEMENTS 1(K Canada I2« MAR. 22THE DIDELLERS III THE ItllRAQE A masterpiece of imagination by JL mERRlTT Author of "The Snake Mother," etc. Down— Down — Down a treacherous ice-clad Alaskan mountainside tumbled Lief Langdon. Down through a weird steaming mist that shrouded the valley below. Down into a fertile, lost world where he was to glimpse into past ages . . . encounter shadowy monsters ... to live, love and battle among strange creatures . . . the dwellers in the mirage. Don’t miss this story of fantastic adventure, complete in the APRIL issue of FATITAST1C UOUELS TXlAQAZlllE NOW ON THE STANDS If your dealer is sold out send 10c to 280 Broadway, N. Y. C., and a copy will be mailed to you.. ^ ,„lts T"P> you’re that man, here’s something I M that will interest you. Not a magic formula—not a get- rich-quick scheme—but something more substantial, more practical. Of course, you yourself need something more than just the ambition to be an ac- countant. You’ve got to pay the price—be willing to study earnestly, thoroughly. Still, wouldn’t it be worth your while to sacrifice some of your leisure in favor of interesting home study—over a compara- tively brief period in your life? Always pro- vided that the rewards were good—a salary of $2,000 to $10,000? Think of the thrill of cashing a good sized salary check! Of building a modern home! Of cruising about town in a new car! Of swelling your bank account! Those are everyday events in the life of many an accountant—who, mind you, doesn’t have to kill himself with work to afford them. His duties are interesting, varied and of real worth to his employers. He has standing! Do you feel that such things aren’t for you? Well, don’t be too sure. Very possibly they can be! Why not, like so many before you, inves- tigate LaSalle’s modern Problem Method Send for this FREE BOOK >! of training for an accountancy position ? Instantly you’ll appreciate its merits. You H realize it’s practical and thorough. Yet it s not expensive—considering time re- quired and results gained. Just suppose you were permitted to work in a large accounting house under the personal supervision of an expert accountant. Sup- pose, with his aid, you studied accounting principles and solved problems day by day— easy ones at first—then the more difficult ones. If you could do this—and if you could turn to him for advice as the problems be- came complex soon you’d master them all. That’s the training you follow in principle under the LaSalle Problem Method. However, under LaSalle the training is much broader. You learn more than one ac- countant usually could teach. At LaSalle there’s a staff of experienced specialists to guide you. You get the benefit of their com- bined experience. You cover accountancy from the basic Principles right up through Accountancy Systems and Income Tax Procedure. Then you add C. P. A. Training and prepare for the C.P.A. examinations. As you go along, you absorb the principles of Auditing, Cost ^ Accounting, Business Law, Statistical x* Control,Organization, Manage- ment and Finance.	^ \w Your progress is as speedy as you care to make it—depending on your own eagerness to learn and the time you spend in study. Will recognition come? The only answer, as you know, is that success does come to the man who is really trained. It’s possible your employers will notice your improvement in a very few weeks or months. Indeed, many LaSalle graduates have paid for their train- ing—with increased earnings—before they have completed it! For accountants, who are trained in organization and management, are the executives of the future. As experts in finance, accountants inter- pret future trends through their ability to analyze past records. They advise on how much a business may spend for sales promo- tion or expansion. Because they’re familiar with business law, they know the tangles of taxation. A trained accountant can really “go places!’* Write For This Free Book For your own good, don’t put off investi- gation of all the facts. Write for our free 48- page book,“Accountancy ,TheProfessionThat Pays.” It’ll prove that accountancy offers ’ v v brilliant futures to those who aren’t afraid of serious home study. Send us the coupon now. ACCOUNTANCY- isu ^ ARGOSY—MARCH 22. 1941 . ..America’s Oldest and Best All-Fiction Magazine <2 Is America Facing Invasion? • Where Would the Invaders Strike First? • What Would be Our Tactics of Defense? These questions are an- swered in a magnificent story of what might hap- pen tomorrow— DESTROYER! A stirring new novel by STEVE FISHER Volume 306 CONTENTS FOR MARCH 22, 1941 Number 4 Launch Torpedoes!—Novelet. ................Richard Sale 6 Small stuff, mosquito boats. But sometimes it’s handy to have a craft that can dance a jig around a whole armada—to the tune of an exploding ocean The Perilous Pearl—Short Story..........H. Bedford-Jones 16 It was black and malignantly alive, for a demon lived within its N	beauty Murder Goes to Sea—Second of six parts.... Allan R. Bosworth 23 Pipe the Admiral aboard! The sea is his dominion, and Nep- tune himself will have to stand by to give his testimony Trial by Thunderbolt—Short Story............Clark Bodey 33 Rocking over that sheer white slope at sixty-five miles an hour —that’s courage coming on skis! ■ Jack Byrne 39 Gunswift—Sixth of seven parts....... The hired killer draws his salary in bullets Horses for the Cavalry—Short Story.......... Jim Kjelgaard 50 Hey, Kid—Injuns! So ride for the army, but be sure not to gel there Long Road to Tomorrow—Conclusion......Arthur Leo Zagat 55 Here is the white god. Here is the redeemer of his people and of America—Dikar Argonotes.............................,............. 65 Looking Ahead!...................................... 5 This magazine is on sale every Wednesday z t RED STAR Magaziner THE FRANK A.MUNSEY COMPANY, Publisher, 280 Broadway, NEW YORK, N.Y. WILLIAM T. DEWART, President & Treasurer	WILLIAM T. DEWART, JR., Secretary PARIS: HACHErTE & CIE, 111 Rue Rfaumur LONDON: THE CONTmENTAL PUBLISHERS & DISTRIBUTORS, LTD.. 3 La Belle Sauvage, Ludgate Hill, Lon- don, E. C. 4. Copyright,1941, by Frank A. Munsey Company. Published weekly. Single copies 10c; Canada 12c. By the year $4.00 in United States, its dependencies, Mexico and Cuba; Canada, $6.00. Other countries, $7.00. Cur- rency should not be sent unless registered. Remittances should be made by check, express money order or postal mpney order. Entered as second class matter November 28, 1896 at the post office, New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3, 1879. The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright and must not be reprinted without the publisher s permission. Title registered in U. S. Patent Office. Copyright in Great Britain. Printed in U S A Manuscripts submitted to this magazine fhoutd be accompanied by sufficient postage for their return if found unavailable The publisher can accept no responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts. -Other RED STAR Magazines- FANTASTIC NOVELS. RED STAR MISTERY . FAMOUS FANTASTIC MYSTERIES . RED STAR AD- VENTORES. CRACK-SHOT WESTERN . DETECTIVE FICTION WEEKLY . CONFESSION NOVEL OF THEMOISTH . SIL\ LR BUCK WESTERN . RED STAR LOVE REVELATIONS . RED STAR SECRET DETECTIVE . ALL-STORY LOVE MAGAZINE . BIG CHIEF WESTERN . LOVE NO\ EL OF THE MONTH . RAILROAD MAGAZINE . FIFTH COLUMN STORIES . SEA NOVEL MAGAZINEft] On GOODYEAR j and Other Standard Makes , Only oar 25 y«ars' experience, big buying power and volume production make it possible to offer these amaz- ing tire values.Think of it; Stand- ard Brand reconditioned tires, ser- y viceably repaired by experts with high- grade materials at a fraction of original cost. Order now. Enjoy the tremendous savings our cut prices make possible. BALLOON TIRES Size Tires Tubes 29x4.40-21	$1.85 $0." 29x4.60-20 1.85 . 80x4.50-21	1.95 . 28x4.75-19 1.85 . 29x4.75-20 2.10 ... 29x5.00-19 2.25 1.05 80x5.00-20 2.40 1.05 5.25-17 2.45 1.15 28x5.25-18 2.45 1.15 29x5.25-19 2.45 1.15 80x5.26-20 2.50 1.15 81x5.26-21	2.80 1.15 6.60-17 2.75 1.16 28x5.60-18 2.75 1.15 28x6.50-19 2.75 1.16 6.00-16	3.15 1.45 6.00-17	2.85 1.15 80x6.00-18 2.85 1.15 81x6.00-19 2.85 1.15 82x6.00-20 2.95 1.26 88x6.00-21	3.10 1.25 82x6.60-20 3.20 1.36 TRUCK BALLOONS Size Tires Tubes 6.00-20	$3.10 $1.65 6.60-20 3.35 1.1*' 7.00-20	4.60 2.1 7.50-20 5.15 8.75 8.26-20 6.75 4.96 HEAVY DUTY TRUCK TIRES Size Tires Tubes 30x5 $3.50 $1.96 32x6 6.95 2.76 84x7 8.95 8.25 38x7 9-45 8.95 36x8 9.65 8.95 40x8 11.60 4.15 ALL OTHER SIZES DEALERS WANTED SEND ONLY $1.00 DEPOSIT on each tire ordered. ($3.00 on each Truck Tire.) We ship balance C. 0. D. Deduct 5 per cent if cash is sent in full with order. To fill order promptly we may substitute brands if neces- sary. ALL TUBES BRAND NEW—GUARANTEED— PERRY-FIELD TIRE & RUBBER CO. 2328-30 S. Michigan Ave., Dept. 4801-A, Chicago INDIGESTION may affect the Heart Gas trapped in the stomach or gullet may act like a hair-trigger on the heart. At the first sign of distress smart men and women depend on Bell-ans Tablets to set gas free. No laxative but made of the fastest-acting medicines known for acid indigestion. If the FIRST DOSE doesn’t prove Bell-ans better, return bottle to us and receive DOUBLE Money Back. 25c at all drug stores. STUDY AT HOME Legally trained men win high- er positions and bigger suc- cess In business and publlo life. Greater opportunities now than ever before. Big: corporations are ___ _ _ headed by men with legal training. More Ability: More Prestige: More Money ~b guide yon etep by step. You can train at home _ __ring- spare time. Degree of LL. B. Successful graduates in every section of the O. 8. We furnish all text material, including 14-volume Law Library. Low cost, easy terms. Get oar valuable 48-page*'Law Trainingfor Leadership’ and Evidence” books FREE. Send for them NOW. r LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 358-L ’ Chicago A Correspondence Institution Learn this Profitable Profession fm in 90 Days at Home Hundreds of men and women of all ages 18-50 make $10.00 to $20.00 in a single day giving scientific Swed- ish Massage and Hydro-Therapy treatments. There is a big demand from Hospitals, Sanitariums, Clubs, Doc- tors and private patients as well as opportunities for establishing your own office. Learn this interesting money-making profession in your own home by mail, through our home study course. Same instructors as in our NATIONALLY KNOWN resident school. A diploma is awarded upon comple- tion of the course. Course can be completed in 3 to 4 months. High School training is not necessary. Many earn big money while learning. Anatomy Charts and Booklet FREE Enroll now and we will include uniform coat, medical dictionary, patented reducing roller and Hydro-Therapy supplies without i«\-iivuu extra cost- The reducing course alone may £	be worth many times the modest tuition fee. \ j Send coupon now for Anatomy Charts and il	booklet containing photographs and letters ■ I	from successful graduates. These will all be iKaad sent postpaid—FREE. The College of Swedish Massage (Successor to National College of Massage) Dept. 287—30 E. Adams St., Chicago. You may send me FREE and postpaid. Anatomy Charts, booklet containing photographs and letters from graduates, and complete details of your offer. Name. . . Address. City---- Looking Ahead! ROLL, MISSOURI Steamboat days, and the opening up of the great West; a river gone mad; tough men fighting for something more precious than gold—or for the sheer fun of fighting! All the color of that tumultuous era when steam first challenged the Missouri is in this fine new novel of the fighting men who dared a new frontier, by ROY de S. HORN FUGITIVES TWO The Dutchman sought peace; the Frenchman, freedom. Their search carried them into the re- mote fastness of Dutch Guiana —and into the bloody fury of a Devil’s Island rebellion; and each learned that the price of his dream could only be paid in battle. A powerful novelet by	" ROBERT CARSE SHORT VOYAGE HOME Two airmen fell out of the sky—into the ocean. But they did not die, these two enemies; they lived to meet again, in friendship and in strange con- flict. An exceptional short story by RICHARD SALE Coming in next week’s Argosy —March 29 World's Greatest Collection of Strange & Secret Photographs MOW you can travel round the world with the most daring adventurers. You can see with your own eyes the weirdest peoples on earth. You witness the strangest customs of the red, white, brown, black and yellow races. You attend their startling rites, their mysterious practices. They are all assembled for you in these five great vol- umes of The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND. 600 LARGE PAGES Here is the world’s Greatest Collection of Strange and Secret Photographs. Here are Exotic Photos from Europe, Primitive Photos from Africa, Torture Photos from Asia, Female Photos from Oceania and America, and hundreds of others. There are almost 600 LARGE PAGES of Strange & Secret Photographs, each page 57 square inches In size! 1000 REVEALING PHOTOS You see actual courtship practised In every quarter of the world. You see magic and mystery in queer lands where the foot of a white man has rarely trod. You see Oriental modes of marriage and female slavery in China, Japan, In- dia, etc. Through the Intimacy of the camera you witness the exotic habits of every continent and the strangest cus- toms of life and love in America, Europe, etc. You are be- Contents of 5-Volume Set Volume 1—The	Secret Album of Africa Volume 2—The	Secret Album of Europe Volume 3—The	Secret Album of Asia Volume 4—The	Secret Album of America Volume S—The	Secret Album of Oceania 5 PICTURE-PACKED VOLUMES The SECRET MUSEUM OF MANKIND consists of five pic- ture-packed volumes (solidly bound together for convenient reading). Dip Into any one of these volumes, and as you turn its pages, you find it difficult to tear yourself away. Here in story and unusual photo, is the WORLD’S GREAT- EST COLLECTION OF STRANGE AND SECRET PHOTO- GRAPHS, containing everything from Female Beauty Round the World to the most Mysterious Cults and Customs. These hundreds and hundreds of large pages will give you days and nights of thrilling Instruction. Specimen Photos Various Secret Societies—Civilized Love vs. Savage— Exotic Rites and Cults—Strange Crimes, Criminals—. Omens, Totems & Taboos—Mysterious Customs—Dress & Undress Round the World 1,000 Strange and Secret Photos SEND NO MONEY Simply sign and mail the coupon. Remember, each of the 5 volumes is 9 Vi inches high, and opened over a foot wide! Remember also that this 5-Volume Set formerly sold for $10. And it is bound In expensive “life-time” cloth. Don’t put this off. Fill out the coupon, drop It In the next mail, and receive this huge work at once. ■I ■ b ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ n m m METRO PUBLICATIONS.	■ 70 Fifth Ave., Dept, 303, New York, N. Y. I Send me “The Secret Museum of Mankind” (5	I ■ r•eat volumes bound together). I will pay postman 1-.98, plus postage on arrival. If in 5 days I am	■ not delighted, I will return the book and you will	■ refund my $1.98. ^ Name ................................................® B Address ....................................................................| ■	City.......................state....................- ■	r] CHECK HERE if you are enclosing $1.98, thus	■ saving the mailing costs. h Canadian orders $2.50 in advance	_ ■ ■■■■ m ■■■■■JLaunch Torpedoes! By Richard Sale Author of “Design for Valor," “Old Uncle Ghost,” etc. Sure: motor torpedo boats are chips, not ships. Slap at ’em, and you blow ’em out of the water. But after the whole sea has exploded around and under you, and you’re still standing up . . . well, they can spit—they can spit I BATTLE STATIONS THE ocean was roiled. There was no sun. There had been no sun for the last three weeks. Only once, since the war had begun, had they seen the sun at all, for the fog had an incredible permanence. This day, alternately Thursday and Friday as they crossed the International Date Line, was better than most in that the wind was southwest and the fog had dissipated to a scale six visibility which was extraordinary. Usually the wind came down from the north, off the drift ice of the cold Bering and the warmer Pacific and when it crossed the gap where the two oceans met, it created an impulsive dewpoint which made dense fog. Head into the white horse seas which the southwest wind licked up, the motor torpedo boat PT 21 pounded listlessly, as she held to an economical twenty, knots. She was not alone. Off her port quarter some two hundred yards was another mosquito boat, maintaining the patrol with her. Beyond that, another. Usually the fog was so bad that their numbers could not be read; but this day, they could be seen plainly even without binoculars; PT 23, and PT 24. They were in echelon formation on an A to B line of bearing. They looked slim and small and savage, for the entry of the forefoot into the crest of each sea made an explosive burst of white water which tossed spray into the face of the wind; and the wind whipped it high over the raked stems. This at only twenty knots. They could do fifty, with war load. Lieutenant-commander Richard Perry, skipper of PT 21, and commanding officer of the patrol, stood on the exterior bridge of his craft with his teeth held tight together'so that he would not bite his tongue when the boat struck each wave. He had never got used to the beating which she could hand out; but he had, at least, learned his lesson from her. Around his midriff, he had tightly taped himself with adhesive to keep his insides from jostling against his lungs. He clenched his teeth. He never moved aboard h$r 6 without a grip on some projection. He had even devised the use of a strap to keep himself in his berth at night, after having been bounced out many times. He had developed a competent skill in eating while on his feet; you only got food spilled on you sitting down. It had taken much less than the three-weeks patrol off Attu Island to hate the sight of a motor torpedo boat. They were boats—not ships. DERRY hiked his coat around his neck and hunched his shoulders, pitying the poor devil of a quartermaster who stared at the compass with watery eyes, correcting the course to hold bearing two two five on the lubber line. His name was Hawkins. His face was red from cold and a droplet hung from the end of his nose. Occasionally he would move a foot as if it were stiff. Captain Perry watched the droplet and wished it would fall. Finally he looked away. The sea was gray and ugly. He thought of Adams, on the engineroom watch. Pure hell down there. Just a mass ofmachinery, gorged with the three supercharged Packards, auxiliary generators, piping, reverse gears, controls, ventilating pumps, instru- ments, fresh-water cooling systems for the motors. No room, really, to stand upright, and a roaring inferno of noise and vibration. You had to be made of iron or rubber to stand it. Sometimes, diving into a big sea, the mosquito boat would take a slice of the wave aboard her bow. It was astonishing at the bridge to see how, instantly, the gray water changed to green, cascaded back from the deck and became gray again. The dampness was in everything. Perry was sick of it. It hadn’t taken him very long to dislike the mtb’s. It was, after all, quite a change from the comfort of living aboard a light cruiser. The Alaskan station was quite a change from Pearl Harbor.	* PT 21 was a far cry from the Concord which had grossed seven thousand tons and boasted ten six-inch cannon. He had not been in command of her, of course, for he was much too young for that. Hadn’t he always complained, in her wardroom, that you had to be a Methuselah before the Navy would give you a command of your own? He shivered now, repenting the words. They had given him his command, all right. Eighty-one feet of motor torpedo boat, the rank of lieutenant-commander, submarine pay. There was the catch. Submarine pay. That was the tipoff on the kind of living you enjoyed aboard a mosquito, It was all very well to look at her slim length, her tre- menduous flare, her superbly raked stem, the ominousquartet of torpedo tubes on her aft deck; the four fifty- caliber machine guns in two mounts amidships, a lone depth charge astern; the cute Walt Disney insignia on the port and starboard sides of the interior bridge: a mosquito riding the back of a Whitehead over a frothing crest. But living aboard, staying aboard week after week in rough cold seas: that was something else again. TTE glanced down as his junior officer, Lieutenant Riggs, came up from the interior bridge, to report their posi- tion. He had taken a radio fix, using the Scotch Cap station and the St. Paul station in the Pribilhofs. Ordinarily, the St. Paul station did not send out radio beacon signals, except from May through October; but since hostilities had begun, Navy Station NPR at Dutch Harbor had requested signals on certain scheduled times. “We’re over the line,” Mr. Riggs said pleasantly. “Did you see it when we crossed, Captain? They used to tell me it was bright red and that you couldn’t miss it. Anyway, today is Friday. At least it has been for the last half hour. That was the shortest Thursday I ever saw.” Captain Perry noted the ship’s position. “They used to ®tell me,” he replied,” that the Date Line was striped like a barber pole. It always has seemed queer, hasn’t it, this passing from one day to another and then back to the original day on the return. You’ll see your short Thursday again this afternoon, Riggs.” Mr. Riggs shivered at the bite of the wind. “I’m so used to being below,” he said, “that fresh air is almost over- powering. I can’t take too much of it; it might spoil me. But don’t get me wrong, Captain. I still think these are great boats.” Captain Perry looked pained. He made no reply. He watched Riggs broad back disappear down into the interior bridge, and saw the door shut securely against the winds. Great boats? Maybe so, maybe so. But they were not ships. Maybe he was just soft, used to good living and a fine sun. He glanced at his hands. The coldness had brought out the tan of the skin, but even so the color was fading. His fingers were bluish. Maybe they were great boats. In flat water, against an enemy stupid enough to have come that close on a sortie, they would be all right. Especially at night. But as he told Riggs a little later when he went below and ordered a change of course for the little squadron on 7ARGOSY bearing one nine zero; “Maybe they are good boats, Riggs. I	never shared your admiration for them as you know. I never shared your belief in their offensive^ossibilities. “I served on a cruiser, and I know the fire power a cruiser or destroyer has as compared with this chip. A cruiser or destroyer could blow us out of the water in short order.” rFHE radio man, Stark, had communicated with the other mtb’s by means of the flea-power transmitter for inter- communication among the squadron, and the three boats changed course southward, receiving the seas on the star- board bow and being buffeted badly. Their vee bottoms prevented grand rolling, but the im- pact of the combers created hard, heavy spray which quick- ly drenched the flying bridge. The quartermaster took up his station inside. Riggs said, “I thought they were going to send these, ’skeeters to the Philippines; I didn’t volunteer for the serv- ice for Alaskan scenery in a London fog. “Manila was the place for them, you know, A hundred of them harrying enemy sea communications would have been a terrific threat, but—Oh, well, I’m not Cincus. Only why put us on patrol off Attu Island?” “Attu is the outpost,” said Captain Perry. “I know, but the patrol bombers can cover this whole area better and faster than we do. They send them over anyhow. Kiska Island is no heaven on earth, but at least it has a semblance of civilization what with the main mtb squadrons backed up by the Olympia and the depot North- Star. “I have a constant horror of running out of gasoline out here. And it’d be so much easier to run alongside a depot ship and refuel, instead of rolling gas tanks out of hiding on Attu and refueling there every night.” “Cheer up,” said Captain Perry glumly. “Think of the poor Army up at Point Barrow. There are worse places than Attu.” “You mentioned the only one,” said Riggs with a wry smile. Captain Perry looked amused. “You might be right at that. But it’s ours not to question why, and so forth, Riggs. You know as much about it as I do. “Intelligence is not always right, and yet they have an astonishing inside knowledge of projected operations. There was some theory that the enemy might make a thrust in the north here and attempt to take the base at Dutch Harbor which is poorly defended and garrisoned. “In two years, it would have been as strong as Pearl Harbor; but unfortunately, they did not give us that much time.” “I heard that,” Riggs said. “But I don’t see any sense in it. As long as the main fleet was unimpaired, the enemy would expose his whole line of communication to the guns of an obviously superior fleet.” “True, but there’s more wisdom in such a sortie than you’d think, off-hand. Obviously, the enemy won’t be drawn into a hands down engagement with the main Fleet. The Navy would like nothing better than one sweet de- cisive battle. The Fleet hasn’t sailed west with anything else in mind. “But if the enemy were to land troops at one of these Alaskan bases and land enough planes and artillery to sup- port the position, it would play the very devil to dislodge them. “Their supporting naval forces would then leave them, hastily withdrawing; and while our main Fleet came up over that long distance to engage them, the units could rendezvous with the main body of their own fleet and make a concerted attack on Oahu. “No one can tell what might happen as a result of that. If the enemy reduced Oahu and gained possession of the islands, the main Fleet would be compelled to withdraw to the Pacific Coast, whether they dislodged the invaders in Alaska or not. “That would mean the same as a defeat. There’s a -chance of such a maneuver. It’s daring strategy but it just might work.” “If Intelligence really expected something like that,” said Riggs, “they wouldn’t guard this line of march with a mosquito squadron backed by two old destroyers and an aircraft cruiser like the Olympia." “Don’t be so sure of that,” said Captain Perry quietly. “Perhaps our defenses up this way have more aces in the sleeve than mere mosquito boats. The army may be using the Unalaska air base. I’m afraid, however, that we’ll see little action.” rFHE radio man, Stark, came out of his shack on the star- board side of the boat, abaft the interior bridge. Perry said, “What is it, Stark?” “Strong signals, sir, being heavily jammed. Almost un- intelligible, but I’m certain it was a distress call. On six hundred meters.” Captain Perry, alert, sprang to his feet at once. “Can we take a radio bearing on them?” “Unfortunately no, sir. They’ve stopped. They stopped abruptly, and the jamming stopped at the same time. The signals were very heavily jammed. Not one or two ships, sir. The whole frequency was loaded with QRM.” “Communicate with PT 23 and 24 by blinker tube and see if they received the signals. Also make the signal to preserve radio silence until further orders. Communicate by either blinker tube or semaphore.” “Yes, sir.” “Post another lookout, Mr. Riggs. Something’s amiss here.” Captain Perry’s jaw had a muscle jumping in it. Stark was back in a few minutes. “PT 24 reports distress call, Captain,” he said. He was excited and his eyes were shining. “They managed to get a quick bearing, before the signals stopped. Bearing zero six two. The call was to NPR in Dutch Harbor.” “Change of course,” said Captain Perry. “Left rudder to bearing zero six two. Make the signal, Stark. Fifty knots. Battle stations.” II AT FIFTY KNOTS DIGGS sounded the alarm while the skipper rang the ■*-*- engine room astern. The quartermaster put over the helm to port, and the mosquito boat came about, sharply, banking inward slightly. Her three engines roared and she went up on her step, the seas following. The pounding, in a following sea, was not as severe, for her stem dropped sharply as she beat with the combers, and she began to cut them instead of dropping on them. The bow became alive with white water when herLAUNCH TORPEDOES! 9 head dropped, but her speed was exciting and powerful, and the engines quickened their blood. PT 23 and PT 24 had made their turn and where follow- ing behind in a straight vertical formation, using the flat course of PT 21’s white wake to advantage. Lieutenant Riggs came down from the flying bridge, wet with sea. “Not so good,” he said. “Fog rolling up ahead. Did you see, sir?” “Yes,” said Captain Perry. “But we’ll have plenty of visibility for another hour. Damn the stuff. I knew this clear wouldn’t last.” “What do you think it is, Captain?” Riggs said. “The signal, I mean.” Captain Perry said, “A patrol bomber down at sea. Nothing else.” “But the jamming—” The skipper stared at him. “Who would jam a distress signal except enemy ships?” “But behind us!” Riggs looked stunned. “It’s a wonder we didn’t run into them this morning when we were out. This is a northeast course; they had to come in behind us, between the patrol and Kiska Islands.” “Exactly, which they did yesterday if they did it at all,” replied the skipper. His face was tight. “The fog was dense yesterday. Not even a patrol bomber could have spotted them.” Riggs said, “You don’t expect to find anything.” Perry replied, “Frankly, no.” Forty minutes later, the lookout on the exterior bridge sang out. Captain Perry and Mr. Riggs went topside as the lookout repeated, “Sail ho!” “Where away?” Perry snapped. “Bearing zero five five,” replied the lookout. Perry sighted with his binoculars. The motion of the mosquito boat made it difficult to hold the field of the binoculars on the mark, but he managed it. “Patrol bomber down. Still afloat. Wings awash. What do you see, Riggs?” Riggs’ hands were shaking. “One man, sir. Standing on the wing, waving. Seems to be in good shape.” “Stand by to pick him,” said Perry. “Make the signal to the others. Have them stand off. We’ll go in for him.” HE CLUNG to the handrail as the craft went in. He had never realized how big those planes were, but he got a striking impression now; for the wingspread was at right angles to his course and he realized what a one- hundred-ten-foot wingspread meant. He could make out her number on the starboard fin which was raised in the air on a level with the wings. NP 23 73. The man on the wing began to slosh across its slippery aluminum surface toward them as they approached. Cap- tain Perry said to Riggs, “Put her stem at the edge of the wing. Two men forward with a rope when we heave to.” They approached at full speed which looked alarming. The survivor on the wing looked appalled. But PT 21 dropped from fifty knots to five in five seconds; and when her stem reached the edge of the wing, she had lost all weight completely. The rope snaked over, the flyer caught it. He was jerked up to the bow of the boat, which instantly backed off a bit, turned quickly. The ratings hurried him aft and down into the forepeak through a hatch which was in- stantly closed The signalman sent, “Resume course,” to the other mosquitoes; arid in a minute more they were back on the bearing at full s^eed. Captain Perry met the flyer in the enclosed bridge. “Lieutenant Roy Higgins,” said the flyer. “I’m the only one. Thanks for picking up my remains, sir. I didn’t expect to get my feet out of the water again. They jammed my signals. Did I get through to you?” Perry shook hands with him. “Sit down. Make yourself comfortable. Feel like talking?” “I’m ready to rave,” Higgins said. “I feel that good, Captain. You don’t know how beautiful this boat looks from a distance.” He gritted his teeth and tightened his stomach as PT 21 picked up her speed and began to bounce. He clung to a rail for support. “I didn’t get through?” “I’m sure not,” said Perry. “One of us managed to get a poor bearing on you. The rest was luck.” UT’D BETTER talk fast then. I thought that NPR had A the whole story. We were on patrol at five thousand feet when we sighted an enemy fleet train. “We were attacked almost instantly by four fighters, and we didn’t have much chance. They boxed us and took us apart quickly. No machine guns. These boys were firing cannon. “Henning—he was navigating officer—was marking their position and course for me to send when we went. I sent it. Captain Swanson told me to distress. Then he was hit. “We went on down, and I radioed distress before we hit. I woke up in the sea. Don’t know how I ever got there, but there I was.” “They jammed you badly,” said the skipper, rubbing his jaw briskly. “What was the last position of the fleet train?” “Henning had just given it to me: one seven eight de- grees forty minutes east, forty-nine degrees north. They were proceeding on a course zero seven four degrees true.” “What was the disposition?” “Two capital ships, one aircraft carrier, five cruisers, eleven destroyers, six transports.” “Submarines?” “Not a one to be seen. I couldn’t be sure though. There might have been more destroyers. That was Henning’s figure.” “You haven’t any idea of their speed?” “No; you’ll have to reckon it, Captain. A lot of things happened all at once upstairs.” He grinned. “I think I’m a little drunk with exhilaration. I can’t help it. No re- action yet.” Perry called Stark and told him to take Higgins to the officers’ cabin. “Make yourself comfortable there, Hig- gins. I’ll have something hot sent up from the galley. Stark will do his best to fit you out. You’re more his size.” Higgins went along with the radio man. Riggs was busy and did not follow then. He had plotted the position of the enemy train when sighted by the patrol bomber, and its present course if it had held on. Guessing their speed at twenty knots (from the cruising speed of the capital ships which were slowest), he knew where the enemy would be at that time. They had crossed the Date Line back into Thursday. Riggs said, “Will you inform NPR at once, Captain?” “No,” Captain Perry said bluntly. He took Mr. Riggs by surprise. “But—” Riggs began., and then said, “Yes, sir.”ARGOSY iiQURPRISE is the only superiority I have, along with ^speed,” Perry said. “I’ll be damned if I see the necessity of relaying the information at this moment and completely warning the enemy of our presence. “They’re still a long way from Unalaska and we can transmit the moment we are sighted and have no further use for radio silence. Until then, we’ll see about getting a show at them by ourselves.” “We could try the twenty meter amateur band,” Riggs said. “That doesn’t have much of a ground wave but the skip is beautiful. We might transmit right over their heads without them picking up a word.” Perry said, “No. Make a signal to the others laying out the new course. Forty knots. Give me an estimate of con- tact between our forces, presuming your reckoning to be accurate.” “Yes, sir.” “Tell the men to secure, Riggs.” “Yes, sir.” Riggs was gone. The quartermaster no longer looked cold and bored. Nor were there weary lines under his eyes. The droplet was gone from the end of his nose. He watched the card and the lubber line with a hawk-like intensity and he held the course so finely that his correc- tions were scarcely visible; for he had to move the helm only a fraction at forty-six miles per hour to make the sleek and roaring mosquito respond. When Riggs finished his final plotting, he had good news. “We couldn’t possibly take more than.two hours, Captain, at our present speed.” Captain Perry ruminated dully, “I’d like to signal Dutch Harbor, Riggs. The enemy might be in the zone of silence, and we might bounce out signals over them off the Heavi- side layer. “But we might not. I can’t afford to take the chance. It’ll be our show until we QSO the enemy.” T^HEY were spotted an hour later, before the fog closed -*• down. The mists were rolling northward, and visibility had been growing poorer all the time. The three motor torpedo boats were maintaining forty knots, streaking along at the front of a fine white wake, dis- placing so little water that there was scarcely a stern wave. The boats ran clear; and as the wind hauled around to the north and began to flatten the swells of previous mak- ing, the going became much easier. The lookout called, “Aircraft approaching I” Captain Perry and Riggs grabbed their glasses and went topside. “Where away?” “Bearing zero four five., sir.” There were four of them, and although they were far off and flying very high, the skipper saw nothing familiar in them. He g^ve the alarm. “Battle stations!” The deck of the mtb was quickly cleared, not a living soul outside. The hatches closed* tightly, the armor shields went up over the rear ports. The forward shields were screwed lock, leaving the glass slots for navigation. The skipper thought of his four torpedoes and what might happen if a stray bullet hit one of the warheads. How did they put it in the books? A surface ship, carrying torpedoes in tubes, presumes and accepts the danger of a chance hit in one of the warheads. That was all right in a book. There wouldn’t be a splin- ter of PT 21 left if a torpedo—or their depth charge— detonated on deck. One meant all. There wouldn’t be a fragment left of them. Perry was keenly aware of that. “Attack bombers,” said Mr. Riggs, watching them through his glasses. “Two place jobs. Demolitions packed under the wings. They’re not very fast.” Captain Perry told the engineroom watch to stand by. “Don’t mind bombs so much,” he snapped. “Afraid they can machine-gun us easily though. Those tin fish—” The roar of the fifty-caliber machine guns astern inter- rupted him. The range was closing. He could feel a tremor in the craft as the guns fired; and in a moment he could see the thin line of the tracers, four pathways into the sky. He was remotely pleased to find their bearing good. The planes rolled away from the line of fire and split iJp, In another second there were only two of them. Riggs snapped, “Two for us, Captain. Here they come.” “Fifty knots,” Captain Perry said. “Full right rudder.” Ill WAKE HO I 1 'T'HE mosquito boat surged forward momentarily and then leaned on her side. At the slots, Riggs breathed in admiration at the skipper’s timing, for the planes were very low now and you could see the bombs drop. They struck ahead, a hundred yards ahead, exploding. The sea all around was spanked with white geysers from the splinters. PT 21 continued her hard starboard turn. “Hold her on,” Captain Perry said crisply. Some one in the stern had got the range. They couldn’t tell which (turret. But twin tracer lines had found the wing of the first plane and was holding on it sporadically. Riggs held his breath, hoping for the lucky bullet that would touch off one of those small bombs. There was no such bullet. The plane rolled away from the line of fire and Riggs lost sight of it with a muffled curse. The mosquito boat was still hard in her turn while the second plane banked to follow over her. Captain Perry., straightened her out at full speed; and suddenly, watching through the roof slots as the bomber roared after them, he called the engineroom; “Five knots.” The craft lost her weigh in three to four seconds. She dropped from fifty to five knots, slicing sea up all around them. Water poured over the bow as her head dropped and doused the bridge. They set the storm windows spin- ning. “Reverse.” The screws took hold and the whole boat shook -badly. Perry said, “It’ll pull her guts out, but I’ve got to do it!” It didn’t pull her guts out. She took it. The plane overshot, and its bombs showed the sea over five hundred yards ahead, leaving them on the rim of splinter splashes. “Ahead. Fifty knots.” PT 21 raised her bow again and began to pound. The skipper suddenly liked the pounding. He liked this grit- ting of the teeth and tightening of the muscles. There was armament in the speed that made such pounding. Riggs said, “There’s the first one, Captain. It’s in trouble.” rpHE first bomber was smoking at the engine, and there were some tatters in the port wing. The machine guns astern both found her this time.LAUNCH TORPEDOES! 11 The plane had lost'her speed. The four tracer lines ate into her and she dove without warning. A vertical dive, straight down, on the nose. Riggs gasped when she hit. There was nothing left of her on the surface. Captain Perry said, “He’ll go forty feet before the sea slows him up . . . What’s this? Bombs all gone?” The second attacker had wheeled in a broad circle, gain- ing altitude. The plane was trying to get on the tail of the mtb. “Easier to attack from the bow,” said Captain Perry quietly. “But if he feels that way about it, we might as well worry him.” He ordered a hard turn to port. They followed the circle of the plane. Obviously, the plane was faster and gained in the bank, but the machine guns were chattering and getting dangerously close to the mark. The plane suddenly zoomed off to the other quadrant in a climbing turn and gained more altitude. It became difficult to follow. “Here he comes,” Riggs said. “Head into him,” said the skipper. “Watch his bullet splashes.” They headed into the line of flight of the attack bomber, and the sea before them became alive with spouts. Cap- tain Perry waited as long as he dared, three hundred feet, and then zig-zagged the mtb off to starboard, straightened the course, then another zig-zag to starboard. The path of the bullets curved toward them but missed completely. The plane roared overhead thunderously, very close to them, its engine whistling like a falling bomb. The fifty-calibers were rattling again. They drew a bead above the plane as he drew away, going up. The skipper distinctly saw the ship pass through the hail of lead, but nothing happened. At two thousand feet, three of the four enemy aircraft met and then headed northeast, one trailing smoke. Riggs crossed his fingers and hoped the smoker wouldn’t make it. Captain Perry said, “Secure.” He went to the radio shack and told Stark to call in the other boats. Stark said, “PT 23 reports all well, sir. PT 24 has a casualty. Bomb fell close, splinter got the port machine gunner in his turret. Not badly.” “Resume patrol, bearing zero four five true,” Captain Perry said. “Is PT 24 seaworthy?” “Completely, sir.” The skipper was pleased. His eyes showed it; his face stayed gaunt. “Call NPR and send this report,” he said. He went out. t) IGGS was still sighting on the horizon with his glasses. “I’d swear,” he said, “that smoker went down. But the fog is getting too thick to see. Old man fog, he just keeps rolling along. It’s bad enough to have a fight on your hands with good visibility without—” “You’ll thank Uncle Joe for this fog later,” Captain Perry said. “Any casualties?” “No, sir. And that was Hamlin got the first bomber.” “That was excellent gunnery, considering the motion of this boat,” said Captain Perry. The fog, advection type, was thick, and growing dense. There was scarcely a visibility of seven hundred feet. The danger of collision with some other ship on the same course southwest was remote, of course, and yet there was the slim chance that they might, somehow, charge into an enemy rear guard patrol. If they did, they did, Perry thought. Seven hundred feet of visibility at fifty knots was no margin at all. The two lookouts on the flying bridge swal- lowed their discomfort and watched dead ahead with bulg- ing eyes. But with the moderating wind still working against the morning swell, the sea began to drop, the pounding lessened, and they made a cleaner entry into each crest as they caught up it and passed it; Astern, the triple screws were throwing an arc of white suds which reached fifteen feet high at the apex. As the fog worsened, closing in steadily around them, PT 23 and PT 24 jockeyed their positions closer to PT 21, maintaining the same echelon formation, but tightening the distance between themselves in order to remain visible to each other.	s At four hundred feet, the density reached a level and stayed there. CAPTAIN PERRY was surprised to find Higgins come up to the bridge from the radio shack, dressed re- spectably in a fatigue uniform, bearing a message from Stark, the radio man. The skipper said, “This is reciprocation par excellence, Higgins. You don’t have to work your passage on this boat. Being shot down is enough work for one day.” He smiled faintly, liking the lieutenant. “I only asked you to stand by in case Stark became a casualty. We’d need a man at the key.” “Oh, well, Captain,” Higgins replied, “I don’t mind help- ing. Doing something keeps me from feeling queazier. You get quite a motion aboard here. Quite different from a plane. I’d rather feel I’m occupied if it’s okay with you, sir. It helps me to hold my own.” “Seasick?” Perry said. “Not exactly. But the pounding hit my stomach. Radio message from NPR, Captain. Stark is holding the direction finder, hoping for a radio bearing on the enemy fleet.” “Tell him to keep trying,” Perry said. “But they won’t give him any signal. They know we’re around some place.” He retired to his cabin with his code book and deciphered the NPR intelligence which read: Attack enemy on sight. That was that. Sort of redundant though. He hadn’t planned to do anything else. If he could break up a fleet train, even with the threat of a torpedo attack, he would delay them just that much longer, and allow Dutch Harbor to prepare whatever de- fensive measures were to be employed. This was basic strategy. This was his job. The rest belonged to Secnav, Cincus, and the Army. Mr. Riggs reported at the cabin just as the skipper was leaving. “Two minutes from contact position with the enemy, Captain,” he said. “No sign of ships, no sound of planes. ” Captain Perry said, “They won’t have planes off the carriers in pea soup, Riggs. Use your head. They couldn’t get back again.” “Yes, sir,” Riggs said, sober-faced. “If there’s no contact at the pre-selected position,” said the skipper, “change course right rudder bearing zero nine zero true. Inform the other ships.” “Aye aye, sir,” Riggs snapped, and ran for the radio shack. There was no contact. Captain Perry concealed his in- tense disappointment by looking completely blank.12	ARGOSY * ^ He knew Riggs was watching him for some sign of im- patience. Perhaps Riggs was worrying about a calldown on imperfect plotting, but that was silly. The three mosquitoes cantecj to starboard and executed a hard forty-five-degree turn, straightening out on the track due east. Nobody said anything. The quartermaster’s glassy eyes were riveted on the compass in its binnacle. Captain Perry waited, watching the movement of the ocean surface ahead of them. Riggs said, “Radio beacon stations have closed down at Scotch Cap and St. Paul’s.” He rolled his eyes. “They’ll get a hot reception whether we find them or not.” “I hope you’re right,” Captain Perry said. Five minutes more. Captain Perry began to get dis- couraged. He signaled the other two boats to come up into horizontal line of formation, four hundred feet on either side. They did so, cutting their weigh at top speed as PT 21 slackened to let them gain the line. Another five minutes passed in dead silence. The skipper finally sighed. “Afraid we’ve missed them in this fog.” He turned to Riggs. “That’s ironic, isn’t it? Fog was our one real chance to get something done. Per- fect cover. No need for smoke screen, no fear of aircraft attack, all perfect. And then we lose them.” But he was wrong. The lookout above on the flying bridge suddenly bellowed, “Wake ho!” IV destroyer! CAPTAIN PERRY scurried through the hatch up onto the flying bridge with the agility of a jackrabbit. Riggs, impressed as he was with the cry, had to smile at the skipper; Perry looked a little ridiculous for a moment. But once topside, there was nothing ridiculous about him. He saw the wake where the lookout called it, on a bearing one zero one off the starboard bow. First, there was the telltale line of suds, straight as a ruler, beyond it, a glassy flatness on the sea. Captain Perry raised his binoculars, found the other line of suds. Like a parallel rule, they were, with smooth sea between them. The skipper turned to the lookout. He said mildly, not having had time to say it before, “For Pete’s sake, Miller, don’t yell like that again. With four hundred visibility, we may be under their stern.” “Sorry, sir,” Miller said, sober-faced. Riggs had come up. “I see it’s real, Captain.” Captain Perry nodded. “Broad wake, Riggs. ' Broad enough for the beam of a capital ship. Too broad for a transport. But what would a battleship be lolling in the rear for, I ask you? “Make a signal to the others: hold course, watch for wakes, thirty knots, communicate by blinker tube. Battle stations.” “Aye, aye, sir.” The engines throttled down. They were much more quiet. The mosquito boat edged up along the line of the wake. “Right rudder two degrees,” said Captain Perry. “Hold her on. Come left to course zero nine zero again. Riggs, all tubes ready for firing. Make a signal, twenty-five knots.” The bow was down in the sea now, the planning dead, Pt 21 having become a displacement boat at the slow pace. “Twenty-two knots,” Captain Perry said quietly, watch- ing the sea ahead with his binoculars. The glassy area between the thickening suds was be- ginning to take on life. Ahead of them were glossy whirl- pools, edged with foam. The sud lines were converging. The fog hung all around like fine snow. They edged forward. He couldn’t hear the engines where he stood. Off on either beam, the other mtb’s were down to the same pace and a trifle astern. Riggs could hear the beating of his own heart in the silence. “Enemy sighted, sir,” the lookout snapped suddenly. “I know, I know,” said Captain Perry. His glasses were dead ahead. “I’ve seen her for the last ten seconds. Eighteen knots. Hold her on. Make a signal to the others. “There, she’s gone again. Twenty knots I make her speed.” “Check,” Riggs said. “Twenty.” TTHEY were dead in the center of the wake now. “Twenty- five knots,” said Captain Perry. The boat leaped for- ward once more, and the swirls in the wake returned. In another moment, through the heavy fog, they all saw a bulk, big and gray and ominous in the swirling mists. “Twenty knots.” Captain Perry held his glasses on her stern as his speed dropped to match the speed of the enemy ship. He took one long look. “Ten knots. Right rudder bearing two seven zero.” They wheeled away from the course, crossed the sud line of the wake and went back where they found PT 23 and PT 24 lolling on the sea. By blinker, Captain Perry told them to form behind him at five knots. They fell in. Riggs said, “What was it, Captain?” “She’s the Kaga," said Captain Perry. “Aircraft carrier, twenty-nine thousand tons. Originally laid down as a battle- ship. That accounts for the broad wake. She has a broad beam.” When they found the wake again, Captain Perry said, “Two knots. Cant torpedo tubes. One and two ready for firing.” “Aye, aye, sir.” “This is our lucky day, Riggs. We got a look at her without being seen. Her stern is loaded with four point sevens that can be brought to bear on the surface besides playing at A.A. Stand by.” When they were dead in the center of the wake, the skipper said, “Collision course, bearing zero nine zero. Fire number one. Fire number two. Stark!” “Yes, sir?” “Make the signal, left, rudder bearing zero one zero, fifty knots.” It had happened with such brevity and dispatch that it was hard to believe that they had attacked. But the whiff of the cordite fumes was in the air, and off the port and starboard the two glistening torpedos had flashed into the sea. Riggs wat<5hed the port one, as it ran for twenty feet or so in a northeasterly direction, leaving a white streak of roiled sea where it had passed. The air lever had functioned perfectly; and as Riggs watched, he saw that the gyroscope was functioning per- fectly too. Set at an angle to the torpedo’s axis, it brought the torpedo around on a straight course in the wake, twen- ty-five feet or so off dead center.LAUNCH TORPEDOES! 13 The torpedoes both disappeared. PT 21 had come about to port and was racing thunder- ously across the sea, kicking up her spray-tail at full speed, with PT 23 and PT 24 in her wake; each in turn drenched the ship behind it, except PT 24. They crossed the sud line going like the wind, and they were rapidly far off the torpedo track and to the northward. Since their speeds exceeded the speed of the torpedoes, they managed to lengthen the distance of proximity with the enemy a good deal; but hardly enough. SPHERE were two explosions. At first dull, like a jar, and then tremendous, the detonation deafening, the concussion striking down the lookout on the flying bridge of PT 21. Too close to their own tin fish. Captain Perry gripped a handrail and watched astern. PT 24 cut out of line for a moment, then swung back and began to drop behind-them. Her blinker tube sent, “Port engine failure due to concussion.” PT 21 sent back, “Make emergency repairs under weigh. What is the best you can do on two engines?” “Thirty knots, top.” “Do it then. Right rudder bearing zero nine zero. Thirty knots. ’ We are going into enemy fleet. Avoid destroyers and cruisers. Center attack on transports and capital ships. Don’t fire until you see the whites of their Plimsolls.” The signal man smiled grimly at the command and glanced at his skipper, but Captain Perry did not smile. Mr. Riggs came up. His eyes were shining. “Two hits, sir.” “Two hits,” said Captain Perry. “Wish we could see her. That’ll put her out of the action; they went in by the screws or they’d have missed altogether. “But we can’t count on having sunk her. If she drops her tail enough to keep the planes on her decks and spoil takeoffs, that’s all I ask. “All eyes peeled for the train. We should be coming up on it.” PT 24’s blinker tube was working again. The signal man reported, “PT 24 reports port engine functioning.” “Fifty knots,” Perry said. “Here we go.” “Destroyer dead ahead, sir 1 ” the lookout shrilled. “Hell,” said Riggs. V BATTLESHIP I THERE she was, coming like a gray ghost out of the sea. She was terribly big, with a tremenduous sheer for- ward, and she looked as piled up as a skyscraper to them. She was dead on them, in a collision course as she boiled out of th£"east at thirty-four knots. She had two five point ones mounted in the forward tur- ret; and the instant she sighted them, she fired a salvo. The shells burst so far astern, they couldn’t even see the geysers in the fog. “Hibiki type,” said Captain Perry tersely. “Looks like the Ikaduti, but I can’t be certain. She can’t bring those forward guns to bear on us at this range. She’ll try and ram us. .They must have sent her back to look for us.” The distance between them was. ridiculous. Machine guns were firing from the destroyer, and the bullet spouts were kicking up the sea all around them. PT 21 made the signal. “Break formation, pass to port of her full speed, and go in at transports.” The trailing mosquito boats broke away to port and in- stantly disappeared in the fog. The Ikaduti was two hun- dred feet dead ahead of the mosquito boat now, the sea furious at her cutwater. Machine guns had found the range, for there were wood splinters flying forward. Captain Perry said, “Stand by the can. Release can. Hold the course. Right full rudder! Left rudder bearing zero nine zero!” Riggs’ heart was in his mouth. Astern, they had dropped their sole anti-submarine depth charge into the sea. At fifty feet distance from the huge bow of the Ikaduti, the mosquito boat canted hard over; she swung off at ninety degrees and then swung back on the eastern track again. This put her a bare twenty feet or so on the portside of the destroyer as it swept by, too slow for all its thirty-four knots to make any sueh maneuver. They broke into the big ship’s bow wave and stern wave then, and there was hell to pay. The pounding was terrific as they went across the swells, slamming down so hard that Riggs prayed for the seams. There was sea on them, in the air, and all around them, but PT 21 did not capsize. They could still see the destroyer faintly astern, as the fog began to close around her. She was beginning a hard turn. Then the depth charge detonated. It caught her on the port bow as she nosed, and ca- reened her far over. In another instant, PT 21’s tremen- duous speed had carried her beyond the visibility range, and they could see no more of Ikaduti. But Captain Perry said, “If that didn’t hole her, nothing ever will.” In the fog, there was the scream of a salvo. Ahead of them, three, shells burst in the sea, directly on their track. The splinters spanked the sea white all around. At Captain Perry’s side, the lookout collapsed limply. Riggs couldn’t even see a wound on the man, but he could see that Miller was dead. The signal man shouted, “Destroyer abeam. The fog is breaking!” SHE was off to the north, on a western track—sent back, no doubt, to find them—and she had spotted them through a broad sudden gap in the fog. Captain Perry examined her with his glasses. “We’ll catch it,” he snapped. She was slowing her speed and com- ing over toward them, and her forward, aft and beam tur- rets were being brought to bear. “Right rudder. Course one one zero.” They wheeled into the safety of the fog, slapping hard with seas on the port quarter. Behind them the guns roared. Ahead of them, a salvo straddled the track they would pass on. Riggs cried, “That shooting is too good! It must be lucky!” Off to the south, there was a dull jar, and explosion, and the rattle of machine gun fire. Then another jar, and finally a third. Captain Perry looked grimly pleased. Those were tor- pedoes finding a target. Three hits. He hoped they were on three different ships. “Right rudder bearing one five five,” he said, making for .the sound of the explosions. Overhead, a trio of shells screamed by and burst close off the port bow. They were14 ARGOSY out of sight in the fog then and the destroyer would be shooting blind. Perry promptly forgot her. He could run away from her with ease. Somewhere east there was a ghastly explosion. “Mr. Riggs, plot our position and radio NPR the ap- proximate location of the enemy. We can’t do any more when the torpedoes give out and we might lose them in the mists.” “Aye, aye, sir.” So Riggs did not see the transport. They broke into vis- ibility range without warning, and the sight was appalling. Off the starboard bow, a ship was sinking badly. She was heeled far over on her port, and the sea around her was alive with struggling men. Perry said, “Left rudder, come to bearing zero nine zero.” PT 21 wheeled to port and followed parallel to the enemy track. The transport passed astern in the fog. rT'HE signal man said, “PT 24 dead ahead, sir;" and Captain Perry glowed. It was marvelous luck, making a contact with his command again in all the fog and con- fusion. But he saw no sign of PT 23; and to his dismay, he realized that the fog was thinning and visibility was grow- ing greater all the time. Advection fog, blowing with the wind.	* Oh well, they’d been riding their luck terrifically, and you had to get a bad break some place. You just couldn’t walk off with the honors of an engagement without engag- ing the enemy really. There they were. To starboard, three hundred yards ahead—with visibility now around five hundred yards—he saw two more transports sinking. They were getting boats over. One was capsizing. There was no sign of PT 23. Captain Perry took up the command on the interior bridge. They bolted the aft hatch of the lower bridge se- curely. There was good reason for this. Off the port bow, in battle line, were three heavy cruisers. The Kako class, his binoculars told him, seven thousand tons, mounting six eight-inchers each, not to mention the lighter four-point-sevens. The range was just under fifteen hundred feet, almost point blank. On the decks of the cruisers, there were flashes, and instantly, the scream of shells. The explosions were close and violent. From the eye slots of the bridge, they could see the concussion lift PT 24’s stern out of the sea. But it dropped back again, whole, and PT 24 continued her track. The skipper said, “Tell PT 24 to take the first transport. We’ll take the second. Then both come right to course zero three six across the transports’ bows and take cover on their starboard from the cruisers’ fire.” Forward, there was a blinding flash.) That graceful sheer, with the raked stem, vanished as if it had been smashed by a ragged fist. The flame was brilliant. The starboard side of the bridge house was sheered brokenly. Captain Perry was thrown on his back. He thought: Good Lord, not the torpedoes! But when he rose to his feet, with blood on his left hand, PT 21 still held her weigh, and the stern was intact. There was no longer a bow. It was gone, the forepeak smashed in completely. But there was enough freeboard forward for navigation. The quartermaster was dead on the floor, the signal man was smashed under the starboard porthole shield. Riggs got to his feet. There wasn’t a mark on him. He said, “You’re wounded, Dick.” /^APTAIN PERRY looked at his hand. There was an ^ expression of astonishment on his face. Not at the wound. He had felt the splinter bite in and he had seen the blood. He was astonished at Riggs calling him by his given name. Riggs had never called him Dick before in his life. “I’m all right,” Perry said. “It doesn’t hurt and the hand works. Did PT 24 make it?” “She’s still ahead of us,” Riggs said. “That was a di- rect hit. It’s a wonder—” “Not an eight-incher,” said the skipper. “We wouldn’t be here. It was a four point seven. The hell with it. We’re still moving. Couldn’t have holed us. “There’s our target. I’ll give her twenty knots. Col- lision course one three three bearing right rudder. Tube number three, stand by. Thirty knots.” They worked in with their ragged forepeak and bow on the transport’s port quarter, the ship being ahead of them slightly. Captain Perry said, “Launch number three.” The torpedo grunted out of the number three tube on the portside, ran off at an angle, changed its course and headed fyr the target. Per.ry said, “Right rudder to course one six two, fifty knots.” They shot toward the southeast behind the stern of the transport, fa| behind. It seemed ridiculous that the boat could still move at such speed, with the shattered forepeak. But the hull up forward was still sound, and with the lessened weight of the three discharged torpedoes PT 21 had picked up a few knots over her rated top. Through his glasses, the skipper saw that PT 24 had dodged ahead of her target without firing a warhead, and the reason was obvious. The cruisers had laid down a wall of steel, systematically, across the track that the mtb would have had to follow to go in for the shot. PT 21 was five hundred yards to starboard of the trans- port—she was the twin screw M. S. Chichibu Maru of seventeen thousand tons—when her torpedo struck. Captain Perry and Riggs and Lieutenant Higgins, who had joined them on the bridge, saw the spire of white water rise a hundred feet into the air before they heard the detonation. They did not feel much of the concussion, being shielded by the victim. Far ahead was PT 24, racing away from the leading transport. Captain Perry ordered a course due south. He had an idea that PT 24 had launched a torpedo at the lead transport. If they had kept on their course they might have arrived in time for the hit, which would have been disastrous. He was right. They saw the flash, heard the roar, watched the sea spurt skyward, saw the transport lean heavily to port and hang there. And then, southward, straddling PT 24 beautifully, a salvo of big shells. The explosions were terrific. “Battleship!” Riggs cried. “Those are fourteen-inchers.” Captain Perry said, “The fog’s gone south. We’re in the open from now on; the visibility has opened up the range. “Bearing one eight zero, Riggs. The time has come to run away and fight again some other day. If they let,us.” “Some show,” said Higgins.LAUNCH TORPEDOES! 15 HPHE enemy had no intention of letting them slip south- ward into the rolling fog there and take cover behind it. Behind the fleet track, the destroyers were to be seen, which accounted for the geysers of sea around them and the thudding of great steel splinters into the hull. Eastward six hundred yards to starboard of the trans- ports and the battleships, a heavy cruiser had opened fire on them. Three other cruisers were laying shells around PT 24 who beat to southward at top speed, zigzagging as crazily as she could, heading for each last shell burst and trying to throw off the enemy plotting. Perry suddenly came out of the weary daze he had been in for the last moment. “Right rudder full,” he snapped. “Bearing zero zero zero.” PT 21 slung around madly, pounding into her own wake. The skipper said, “Stand by number four tube.” PT 11 put her bow on a collision course with the bow of the transport which PT 24 had had to skip by. “Fire num- ber four.” And when the torpedo was on its bubbling white way, “Left rudder full, course one eight zero.” And they were south again. Perry was gripping a handrail and his face was very pale. Riggs looked worried about him. Perry said, “Forgot that last one. We couldn’t go back with a warhead in the tube, could we, Riggs?” “No, sir,” Riggs said. “I’m afraid it’s a miss, Captain.” “Too long a track. She’s turning away from it.” THE fog bank seemed a long way off. They ran for it, dodging back and forth like a waterbug, whipping west, then east, and always back to the southern track. PT 24 was going to make it. They could see her already reaching the mists.	* Out behind them, there was a whistle, then a whine, then a scream. They dropped to the floor of the bridge. It was not a direct hit. The eight-inch shell burst di- rectly abaft the stern. But the splinters shredded the transom like firewood. Two engines went out, and the third vibrated alarmingly. Their speed fell to a mere ten knots. Captain Perry couldn’t raise the engineer. Riggs went astern, reported back that Adams was dead, and so was Luce, and McKay was badly wounded. Hig- gins returned to render first aid. PT 21 staggered on toward the fog bank. Way back a destroyer was finally laying a smoke screen to starboard of the fleet train. But before the smoke covered the train, Captain Perry could see it: five transports going, one far down in the stern and sliding. West, the aircraft carrier Kaga had completely vanished. The skipper looked at his watch. The action had taken thirty minutes. It was hard to believe. A shell exploded a hundred yards off their starboard. There was something desultory about its burst. Riggs came back. Captain Perry said, “We’re sinking. Tell Stark to signal PT 24.” That was unnecessary. PT 24 had seen the holes in PT 21’s stern and bow. Only watertight compartments prevented her sinking quickly. Water was pouring in through the gaps at the chine forward, now that the bow had dropped with the slow speed. PT 24 came back from the protection of the fog bank and took them off. Captain Perry really saw his own boat for the first time when he set foot in the bridge of PT 24. He was appalled. There wasn’t enough left of her, really, to float. He wondered how he and Riggs and Stark, Hig- gins, the signalman, and the torpedoman, McKay, had managed to live through it. He saluted the colors smartly with his good hand, and shook hands with Lieutenant-commander Sanford, PT 24’s skipper, and looked as if he would faint. Riggs supported him. Captain Perry said, “Good work, Captain. You got one in on the leading ship. What happened to PT 23?” Sanford said, “She struck the third transport with two, missed one. That was her torpedo. Then she was hit.” “Do you have any torpedoes left?” “I haven’t anything left but enough gasoline to get us to Kiska Island if we use one engine,” said Captain Sanford. They had reached the fog bank at last. As if in parting, a salvo of three shells roared in the sky and burst behind them in the sea. All far short, for she was at top speed. PT 21 rolled badly back there, filled with sea and settling rapidly. There was another whine in the sky, a burst, and PT 21 was no longer visible in the mountain of white water which rose, settled, leaving the sea empty. Some one said, “Well, here comes the Army.” CAPTAIN PERRY reeled. It wasn’t the arm. He had a wound in his side, and that was the one which hurt. He could feel it wasn’t mortal, but his clothes were wet with blood, and he felt dizzy. But everything was explained now: why.the enemy had not followed them, shelled them to pieces. There were more important things in view for them. Off to the north where the enemy train lay, he could hear a terrific racket. It was quite a show. Every anti-aircraft gun in the fleet had opened up. He struggled to his feet, not realizing he had sat down. “What is it?” he said. “What is it, Riggs?” “I guess,” Riggs replied, “Higgins got through to NPR with his radio signals, even if they did jam his frequency. Those are Boeing YB-lS’s, Captain. Flying Fortresses. I lost count of them at fifty-three, but there are more. “I talked with one of the guys who flies a thing like that when I was back in Seattle last winter, and he was willing to bet me a month’s pay that he could put one out of three bombs down the funnel of the Queen Elizabeth from twenty thousand feet on any kind of day. “I hope his Sperry and his aim are as good as his brag- ging today, sir. Take it easy there.” The dull jars came across the horizon as the fog hid the enemy, finally, from view. Each jar shook them a little. It was a fine feeling. It made Captain Perry think of the jar when his torpedoes had gone in and found the mark. Those were hits, he hoped. The big bombers would have nothing but ack-ack to stay clear of, and they could hang up above the muck with the bombsight. PT 21 had seen to it there would be no fighters to rise up. PT 21 had seen to a lot of things. Perry was thinking this, and feeling proud of the slim eighty-one foot hull which carried him: “They’re ships,” he whispered. “Ships.” “Aye, aye, sir,” Riggs grinned. He stood there, a little embarrassed, for it was obvious the skipper did not know they had put him to bed; that he was out on his feet, and that the words had hardly been conscious ones.By H. Bedford-Jones Author of "Jeopardy’s Jewel,” “Sinister Sapphire,” etc. L Here, in the jewel marts of Paris and in a New World laboratory, together, is the zenith of the mystery, the darkness, and the beauty at the heart of a precious thing. Here is the secret shadow over a lustrous woman: a Black Pearl SHIPMAN, coming down to work in the morning, paused before turning in at the door of his gem laboratory. He went to the window and stared in open astonishment at the single object there displayed. A snowy pedestal came to a point; on this point, and backed by a dead white reflector, was a tiny blade sphere. In front of it was mounted an enlarging glass. Looking through the glass, Shipman stared anew at what might have been the finest black pearl he had ever looked upon; and he had seen the pick of the world’s jewels. 16 His critical eye instantly described what few other eyes would have noted: there was something wrong with this black pearl. But to average sight it was a lustrous, glow- ing sphere of deep gray ri&cre, a rich black in direct light, darkly shimmering with a marvelous soft glory, a thing of living beauty and mystery. He was angry as he turned into the office. He wanted no display in the window. Above all, he wanted nothing dis- played that was imperfect, as he sensed something about this black pearl to be imperfect. His laboratory served the jewel trade all over the coun- try. It dealt with cutting, testing, -setting and otherwise treating precious stones. It was an educational institution, not a showoff place; it had nothing to sell except knowl- edge and the most modern scientific treatment of gems. “Who the devil put that thing in the window?” Shipman barked as he strode in. “My doing, chief.” Korvo, his dark and competent as- sistant, stepped forward. The Perilous Lorin, hit between the eyes, fell forward into hia chair, senseless. Michael quickly and surely retrieved his pearl PearlTHE PERILOUS PEARL 17 “Oh! Then suppose you come in and tell me about it.” In his private office, Shipman settled down behind the desk, fiddled with his pipe and then abandoned it for a cigar. Korvo pulled up a chair. This lean, rather sinister- looking man of European birth was an authority on gems, a world-famed expert. He was, also, conversant with Shipman’s private wor- ries of the moment. “That young lady, Marie Wilson,” he said cheerfully, “will see the pearl in the window; you know that she hangs about this place, fascinated by it. “Now, chief, you’ve recovered the stones that she certain- ly stole. You know she’s supposed to be a bit off her head; she very probably does not know her own name. UA jewel maniac, they’d call,her. I know better; I know she’s possessed of an elemental spirit, or to go back to the Greek terminology, a demon.” “I still say that’s damned nonsense, all of it!” exclaimed Shipman vigorously. “Would you accept the police theory—” “Blast it, no! She’s the finest-person alive!” “Certainly, once she’s herself. You’re fascinated by her; anyone would be. You refuse to believe in demons. You refuse to believe she’s a thief. In short, you know perfectly well that my theory is mercifully just to her and is correct; but you refuse to admit it. “At least, you’ve agreed that I shall handle her when next she shows up.” “Yes, damn it,” Shipman growled. Korvo smiled widely. “Good! Do you recall the legend of Homer that true dreams came through gates of horn, and false dreams through gates of ivory?” “In the Odyssey, isn’t it?” said Shipman. “What’s that got to do with it?” “Oh, everything!” Korvo waved his hand. “Horn was a substance associated with the moon, in Greek eyes. The moon was the queen of sleep. Hence, true dreams came through gates of horn. “But ivory is a purely animal substance; hence, false dreams came through gates of ivory.” Shipman glowered. Korvo hurried on. 44 A PPLY this to our jewel-loving demon who has taken possession of Marie Wilson. He has a passion for certain curious gems; this black pearl will attract him. Now, with the proper exorcisms, I’m confident that I can drive the demon out of her and into this pearl.” Shipman had the sickening feeling that his assistant had gone off the deep end. Korvo might have a private belief in devils; that was all right, millions of other people did. But to talk about them in this matter-of-fact way—well, it was just not normal. “What in Heaven’s name has all this farrago about ivory gates got to do with the thing in hand?” Shipman broke- out impatiently. “I’m coming to that, chief. Of herself, this girl Marie Wilson knows nothing about gems. This spirit or demon who is in her, knows a lot about them. He drives her to steal them, and later he’ll drive her to murder for them. “It’s by his influence that she has induced the remark- able visions, to call them so, which we’ve seen when a jewel is placed into your examining machine. This is something we’ve all seen and know to be real; it should make you credit my theory—” “Damn your devil theory-1” said Shipman, rather help- lessly. “I don’t know what to believe about the whole thing—except that this woman is the loveliest creature on earth, and in need of help.” “Granted, chief,” Korvo went on cheerfully. “But sup- pose she’s possessed by an elemental spirit? Don’t talk of devils; use the correct expressions. Now, what sort of stone would offer a refuge and habitation to this spirit, who has a passionate love for jewels? None, because of their molecular composition; or at least, very few stones.” Shipman grunted. “You and your casting out of devils! I think you’re nuts.” “Never mind. What about a pearl, and especially a black pearl? What is it? Not a stone, like other gems, but a bit of animal substance, the same as ivory is. You get the idea?” “No,” Shipman replied curtly. “Well, this elemental spirit is essentially evil, as we know. Therefore, he would be instantly attracted to this black pearl, which is symbolic of evil.” Korvo produced a thin sheaf of typed papers. “I have here various kinds of exorcisms, from different sources, which I propose to use ...” This was too much. Shipman threw up his hands, with a groan. “Korvo, you’re stark, staring mad! To talk of using magic formulas in this day and age—good Lord! You’re just plain crazy!” “Nothing of the sort, chief,” protested Korvo. “These have been used in the past to cast out devils. Now let’s be sensible about it all. If the thing has been done before—” “Get out of here,” broke in Shipman, his leanly chiseled features working with anger. “Get out!” “Oh, all right.” Korvo rose hurriedly. “But if she comes, you promised that I should deal with her. And I’ll want you to hide in the examination room and see what happens.” “Hold onl Tell me something,” spoke up Shipman. “That black pearl should be worth a lot of money; what’s wrong with it?” His assistant grinned. “It belongs to me, chief; an heirloom from the old country. It’s one of those black pearls from Sunda Straits. At one time, however, it got badly hurt on one side; the nacre is cut and broken. M’ve thought of skinning it, but decided to keep it just as it is. Speaks well for your eye to tell anything was wrong. “Well, think the matter over, chief.” With this he departed, leaving Shipman to his pipe and the morning mail and a mood of helpless irritation and despair. VORK? It was impossible. His mind was full of her and of her terrible situation. He could only assign it to dual personality, a good self and a bad self; this was merely another way of reaching Korvo’s conclusion, but it was more satisfactory to the practical Shipman than talk of elemental beings or devils. From their first meeting, she had been struggling with herself, seeking his help one moment, fleeing from him the next; he knew she had been agonized by this struggle, un- able herself to comprehend it. A mental case? Shipman knew better. He knew she must be helped, saved, cured, or she was a lost woman. Her mania for precious stones, her obsession on the subject, had brought her to the laboratory in the first place; and18 ARGOSY the amazing experiences here induced had left Shipman dumbfounded. He, at least, was no mental case. He knew, Korvo knew, that her presence when a stone was being examined evoked scenes, episodes from the past. Whose past? Korvo believed it was from the past experiences of'the devil within her, who had inhabited and possessed other human beings. “Absolute nonsense!’ snorted Shipman angrily. “Damn it, I can’t work! And why would her very fingerprints re- semble those of Julie Favre, the jewel murderess who was guillotined twenty years ago? Why, unless—” The interphone buzzed. He threw the switch and an- swered. “Chief!” It was Korvo’s voice, tense with excitement. “She’s outside, looking at the black pearl. You’ve just time to slip through and get into the examination room. Leave it all to me.” “Right.” With one leap, Shipman was out from behind his desk and at the door. Abruptly, all his hesitation and indecision was gone. Here was action, and the testing of Korvo’s theory. And if Korvo were wrong, he thought grimly, he him- self would take a more desperate hand in the game. His heart had failed him when he las? tried it, for he loved this almost unknown girl. He slipped into the little examination room, which had a shallow curtained recess; this he occupied, and drew the black curtain that matched the black walls. The room con- tained only the intricate mechanism of the polyandroscope, and three chairs. This machine, which Shipman had invented and de- veloped, could work miracles with any jewel; but the things he had seen it do in Marie Wilson’s presence far outshone his own miracles. Presently he heard Korvo’s voice, raised for his benefit, as the two approached. UTTE MAY be back this morning or he may not, Miss ■*-1 Wilson. However, I’ll be only too glad to place the pearl in the machine as you request. I must warn you- not to expect the same result as with a precious stone. This is not a stone, but layers of nacre; further, it is black, and not translucent. I strongly doubt—” “If you tried black light, that might work on it”: that was the girl’s voice. They were almost at the door of the little room. “But I suppose there’s no such thing.” “By George!” cried Korvo in genuine enthusiasm. “That’s an idea! Of course it exists; moving picture tech- nicians have achieved it long ago. And I can almost get it on the machine here. “Come in, come in! We’ll have a try at this idea of yours. What with infra rays and the polarized light beams— I’ll have the prisms rearranged and we’ll see. Make your- self comfortable while I tinker a bit.” Shipman, sitting in his niche, scoffed to7 himself at the notion. A pearl reflects light, and under the quartz rays the true may thus be told from the false; biit he was ex- tremely skeptical of any result whatever on the polyandro- scope. His own experiments in this direction had been failures. He forgot everything else as, past one edge of the curtain, he looked at the girl. She was not three feet from him. Sight of her face startled him. When she was last here, she had been defiant, hostile, inimical. Now she was herself again; utterly lovely, a tenderness in her eyes he had seldom seen there. “I had hoped to find Mr. Shipman,” she was saying, as Korvo worked at the machine. “I owe him many apolo- gies; I’d have been here sooner, but I’ve been down with a touch of flu.' I’m afraid I wasn’t very pleasant when I was last here.” Korvo said nothing, until, a moment later, an exclama- tion escaped him. “There! Upon my word, I believe we’ve got something.” He switched off the room lights. “Steady, now! Smoke, if you like. It may take a bit of time.” Shipman, curious, craned to see what happened. The machine, with its huge glass sphere and silver reflector overhead, was lost in the darkness; only the needle of light appeared, beneath the central clamp that held the pearl. Gradually he became conscious of a luminous darkness growing within the sphere and returning from the reflector; it was the peculiar steely sheen such as a black pearl itself exhibits under artificial light, impossible to define in words yet a distinct radiance. And very slowly this cleared. Something became dimly visible there; an angular, upright something, like some skeleton structure half-seen against a dark night sky. After a moment Shipman comprehended that this angu- lar shape was a guillotine. “It was not I!” A girl’s voice, a woman’s voice, fluttered and beat upon the room. That of the girl in the chair? No; she was vaguely visible, unmoving, tense, absorbed in the luminous grayness. “It was not I who did it! I tell you, it was not I . . .” The voice died out. The angular shape faded away. The luminous darkness increased; in the room, objects became visible. In the glass sphere grew the enormously magnified circle of the pearl itself, shot through with a faintly shim- mering effect of light. Then it lost all shape; was disturbed, was like water or fog. Why, it was fog, sure enough! rPHIN, steamy fog such as drifts in upon Paris from the ^ Seine at rare intervals; Paris, no doubt of it, and the Seine. Here was a bridge astream with busses, taxis, cars; half visible through the fog, a towering statue up above. Henri IV, of course. This was the Pont Neuf in Paris, with the stalls of book- sellers reaching away along the embankment; and coming up through the fog appeared the face of a boy, staring wildly at his companion. A face dark and pinched, keenly alive. The face of Korvo as a boy. Yes. The same face. The same voice, deeply rich, eloquent, appealing. “Don’t do it, Gregor,” he was saying, pleading urgently and desperately. “You know that it is the only thing we have left, and Tatiana is counting upon it.” “Our precious sister isn’t losing anything,” intervened the older voice. “I’m not doing anything with it, you fool. I’m merely showing the pearls to Julie.” “And I’m afraid of her,” said the boy. His brother, Gregor, burst into a laugh. A good-looking fellow in his way, like many of the Russian exiles who crowded into Paris in 1920; reckless, gay, not too strong. A face not half so strong as that of the boy beside him. He patted the boy on the shoulder.THE PERILOUS PEARL 19 “On your way, and don’t tell any tales. 1 must get back to the shop; can’t afford to lose that job.” He smiled. “Look here! Come around to the shop at six, and I’ll take you up to Julie’s place. We’ll have a drink and a chat, she can see what a fine chap you are, and we’ll get back to join Tatiana for dinner at eight. Agreed?” . “Agreed, Gregor,” exclaimed the boy quickly, and his ' face brightened. The two parted; Gregor crossing toward the city, the boy Michael plunging into the rabbit-warren of the left bank with its twisting streets and firetrap tene- ments. Plunging into one of these tenements, the boy clattered up the stairs and came into a little three-room apartment. Instantly, thought of the dingy exterior was swept away; here all was neat, clean, fresh with dainty touches every- where. A woman, seated over her sewing, looked up, smiled, embraced him warmly; she was not young, not pretty, this older sister, but there was something about her that made one look twice, with a catch of the breath. Artists of the Quarter had used her calm face, more than once, as a model for that of the Madonna. “I met Gregor,” exclaimed the boy. “I’m going back and meet him when the shop closes.” “Yes?” His sister regarded him quietly. “I see that the pearls are gone.” “Oh! I hoped—I hoped you wouldn’t find out,” he said in dismay. She smiled, not happily. “Dear Michael! Now tell me all about jt. Did Gregor take them?” He nodded, his dark, thin features set in a scowl. “He swears he’s only going to show them to Julie; he’s telling the truth. But I’m going there with him, to make sure. We’ll be back by dinner time.” “Don’t worry about Gregor,” she said calmly. “Even if he is infatuated with this young woman, he knows that the pearls are all we have in the world. He’s not the owner; we all own them.” “I’m not worried about Gregor, but about this woman, Julie Favre.” “Oh!” she changed countenance. “I suppose so; I’ve never seen her. She has a good place as a model at Chanel’s —Nonsense! We can trust Gregor implicity, of course. Think how he got us out of Russia! Well, what other news?” “None,” said the boy, and went about his affairs. When he set out for the shop it was growing dark, and the thin fog continued, making the streets highly unsafe. He picked up Gregor at the fashionable shop in the Rue St. Honore, and together they crammed into a bus that took them to the old quarter behind the Bourse. Michael kept a sharp eye on those around; that morocco case in Gregor’s breast pocket was a bulging temptation to pickpockets. Julie’s apartment was nothing garish, but it was far better than average. So was Julie Favre herself: a cool, slim, dark creature all fire and laughter. She greeted Gregor with a kiss, and Michael with another; and, boy though he was, he noted that it was a kiss to set him on his toes. He could not blame his brother for being infatuated; this Julie would have kindled a fire under the Sphinx. He watched her, wide-eyed; yet, curiously enough, that kiss of greeting had somehow set him against her. Gregor got out the fat morocco case and opened it, and ARGOSY—MARCH 22. 1941 there were the pearls. A necklace of them; the shimmering white Ceylon pearls, with three pendants, each having one enormous black pearl dangling. Not only were they worth a fortune: they were extreme- ly rare at any price. And the three black pearls were matched; an almost unheard-of thing. Julie Favre stared at them, trembling. She scarcely spoke at all; she just touched them and stared at them, her dark eyes all ablaze and her breath coming fast. Gregor laughed heartily at her excitement and mentioned their value. She shrugged. “The value? It is nothing, mon ami. It is the pearls themselves; one could actually love such gems, love them! And to possess them no price would be too dear. You’re a lucky man, my Gregor; your sister is a lucky woman. Put them away, before they tempt me too far.” She sighed and-hid her eyes. He, laughing, put them in their case and pocketed it. When she looked up again, Michael caught the strange, tense look in her face; he never forgot it. That was all. Presently the two brothers went home again in the fog. TVTEXT day the fog continued: a strange and unusual -L ’ thing for Paris. The streets were wet; the sludge of the Metro stank in one’s nostrils. It was a Thursday, the weekly half-holiday, like Satur- day in America. Michael, who was out job-hunting, did not come home until late in the afternoon; he was elated, having run down a position with a broker on the curb jewel market. Already his knowledge of precious stones was remarkable. He found police in the apartment, and frightful tragedy that promised to sear him for life. His brother was dead, his sister was dying; they had been stabbed to death by someone who had rifled the place, taking the pearls. Who? “Not a woman, but a devil!” This was the only thing Tatiana said, as she died. In her hand were gripped two pearls from the necklace—a white gem and one of the black pearls. Michael sold the white one, later, and kept the black one. The murderer? There was no shadow of any clue; two Russians, in those days, were of small importance to the French police. No one had been seen coming or going. Michael saw Julie Favre, briefly, at the funeral; she embraced him, wept with him, and went away leaving him chilled and revolted. Why? He could not say, but he was sensitive to falseness of any kind. He did not like her, very definitely. In his bewildered affliction, however, he had no earthly reason to suspect -her —except that his sister had mentioned a woman. And this was no cause for suspecting such a woman as Julie, Gregor’s beloved. Michael’s employer was a queer old fellow, an Armenian who had been a millionaire before the war, and who now made a livelihood in the game of wits that was the curb market for jewels. It was a market consisting of cafes, men loitering about tables or along the street, and som^ women also, with everything done in the open air or over a drink. Fortunes changed hands daily—not only stones, but also pearls, for Paris was the pearl market of the world. While these brokers, who were of every race under Heaven, not only dealt in illicit goods but would cheat one another at the drop of a hat, there was none the less a cer-20 ARGOSY tain esprit de corps among them. A kind of loyalty. Michael’s story became known, for was he not one of them now? His black pearl was greatly admired on all sides, but the old Armenian kept him from selling it. “Wait, my son, wait!” he would say, wagging his fat jowl. “If that necklace is ever found, where will it or its jewels be sold? Here. Where will search be made for pearls to replace those two broken away? Here. “So go slowly; these men would cut our throats in any business deal, but they’re all watching for some sign of that necklace. They like you!” TV/TICHAEL waited, and applied himself to the work in hand. Some day, some day! The words were burned into his brain. Some day, he would see that the murderer came to justice. This was the ambition that drove him day and night. The old Armenian encouraged him in it. “But 'do not look for any person, my son,” he would say. “Me, I am too old; I know how many devils are in the world, and how few angels. The angels will help you in this search, be sure of it! However, do not look for any person.” “What do you mean by that, Eramian?” asked Michael in his dark, poised way. “Who killed your brother and sister? No person, but a devil. Did she not say as much? She was dying; she told the truth, her eyes saw clearly. You have a feud with one of the elemental devils, my son, and it will endure while you live, and after you die. “A knife in the hand of someone, perhaps a woman, killed those two; but it was a devil inhabiting the woman’s body who really did the work.” Michael learned a lot about devils from old Eramian, who knew all about them, and a little about angels; and, as the weeks dragged into months, he learned a tremendous lot about precious stones which he could never have picked up elsewhere. Here on the jewel curb were the best of all forgeries, imitations, stolen stones, and gems whose owners did not want to sell publicly. Michael learned why zircons display absorption-bands of the spectrum, for what purpose diamonds are floated in methylene iodide, and the ridiculously simple means of dis- tinguishing a real ruby from an imitation that passes all the standard tests; these, and everything in between. And then, one day in late spring, came the clue. AFF and on, during these months, jewel robberies had oc- ” curred, and with them three murders by stabbing. The police began to recognize that a “jewel maniac,” as they termed the murderer, was at work; someone who _ murdered when robbery might have served better. Old Eramian had said as much all along. “These elemental spirits,” he would say, “are terrible creatures. Our wise men, our ancient priests, knew them well and conquered them. They murder for the sake of mur- dering, and the average human mind cannot combat them or understand them. They have a particular mania for jewels, as is well known.” • “Then what is the use of my finding who murdered Gregor and Tatiana?” “Little,” said the old man. “Get that person guillotined, however, and the devil must go find another home, which may take a long time. Your feud is not with the person; it is with the elemental, the spirit whom we call a devil.” Thus Michael absorbed more or less belief in the active existence of evil spirits, a belief not in harmony with the workaday world yet none the less rooted in primitive humanity. Not that it worried him particularly. He was intent upon bringing the murderer to justice, in simpler terms. One afternoon he went to the Hotel Druout, where all the Paris auctions take place, to examine some jewels that were to be sold on the morrow. The huge bare rooms of this former palace teemed with second-hand dealers, amateurs, scholars, collectors of all kinds. Michael was turning away from the showcases of jewels, when a Levantine whom he knew to be a pearl expert of the curb market beckoned to him. They stepped aside. “I might seek to buy that black pearl of yours,” said the Levantine, “but I prefer to tell you where you may sell it —to match others.” Michael felt a sudden tingling. Something definite at last! The Levantine handed him a greasy card, bearing the name and address of one Francois Lorin. “He sought me out yesterday. He is trying to find a dark gray or black pearl of about twenty grains; he has two and seeks to match them with a third. Whether it will interest you or not, I cannot say.” Michael said nothing to the.old Armenian; but that eve- ning he took the Metro out to the former suburb of Passy, and sought Lorin’s address. He knew that Lorin was acting for someone else; and he also knew that Lorin would not talk, even to the police. But, driven by that deadly ambition which had stamped into his boyish features an almost sinister air, he had de- ’ termined that Lorin would talk fully, and would do it now. T ORIN’S apartment, near the Avenue Mozart, was not ^ pretentious; it served, in French fashion, both as office and as dwelling. Lorin was a business negotiator, the term covering anything from brokerage to commission business. Michael gathered all this while he stood at the door, talking. Not until he displayed a glimpse of the black pearl, nested in a little box, did Lorin admit him. Then, eyes bulging and whiskers bristling with excitement, Lorin hastily banished a half-visible family and ushered the vis- itor into his office. This was a commodious room near the entry, heavy with books and desk and untidy papers, an open safe in one corner. When the door was closed, the wqrld was shut out very solidly. Lorin, finding himself dealing with a young fellow, no more than a boy, assumed his most ferocious and domineer- ing manner. Michael readily let him examine the pearl, which he did minutely; meantime, the alert gaze of Michael was roving about the room, the desk, everywhere. Lorin looked up and grunted. “Well, well! Poor lustre, a poor pearl, but I’ll take a chance. Your price?” “Not for sale, to you,” said Michael. “Send me to your client. I’ll do the selling; you shall have ten percent of the price.” The room resounded to blustering, to roaring oaths, to all the extravagances of Gallic business play. Michael stood pat, saying little; he finally raised the percentage, but by this time Lorin was really furious. “Very well!” The agent’s fat, hairy hand closed on the little box. “You’ve stolen this pearl, you gamin! I shall keep it and communicate with the police. Off with you! Clear out, before I call for an agent.”THE PERILOUS PEARL 21 The old trick was perfectly safe. If Michael called the police, Lorin was a virtuous business man. If not, then Lorin had the pearl for nothing. But Michael only looked hard at him and nodded. “Careful, M’sieu Lorin. I want the name of your client.” Towering passion seized Lorin. He erupted in pyrotech- nics of word and gesture; he seemed on the point of throw- ing his visitor out bodily. Michael quietly learned forward, picked up a glass paperweight from the desk, and hit the man between the eyes with it. Lorin fell forward into his chair, senseless. Michael was not dramatic, but he was efficient. Michael retrieved his pearl and pocketed it. Then he went to the safe and rummaged among the papers and notebooks. He had not far to look; almost on the top was an agree- ment by which Lorin was to receive twenty thousand francs for a black pearl of no less than twenty grains. The agreement was signed by Julie Favre. Michael stared kt the signature. He swallowed hard, folded the paper, pocketed it, and left the apartment. With that paper burning his pocket, with his brain in flaming chaos, he none the less kept his self-control and went di- rectly to the Surete. “Information for the official in charge of the jewel maniac murders.” That was all he would say; imperturbable, resolute, burning-eyed, he did no chattering. So, presently, he was sitting in an office with a thoughtful, keen, pleasant in- spector to whom he told his entire story in few words. The inspector sent out for certain documents, looked at them, nodded, and offered his visitor a cigarette. “Information, yes, but no proof, m’sieu,” he said calm- ly. “We cannot take action upon such flimsy evidence.” “What evidence must you have?” demanded Michael. “Search this woman’s apartment—” “Tut, tut, m’sieu\ This is France, not Russia,” came the reproof. “But you have done superbly, so far; suppose you continue. In two, of these murder cases, we have dis- covered the same fingerprint. It is, I grant you, a woman’s print. “Whose? Impossible to say. It fits no known criminal. “Well! Get us a fingerprint, or prints, of this Favre wojnan; ,if it should be the same, I promise you we shall then take all the action you desire.” “And,” said Michael, “if M. Lorin makes a charge against me, for hitting him?” The official winked, and chuckled. “My son, let him try! Are you not one of us? Not officially, of course; but, none the less, an agent of the Surete! And if you obtain those fingerprints, and they match—ha! Thunders of heaven, but you shall really be an agent!” Michael smiled at this, and took his leave. He did not ask them for help, for ways or means, for advice. TVTOR did he, next morning when he met Eramian in the ’ usual cafe, indulge in confidences or ask any help. There was something strange and terrible in his single- handed independence, in the indomitable resolution that drove him straight to his end. He sat. down at table with the Armenian and took out the little box that held the pearl. “Take his, Eramian, as security,” he said. “I want you to lend me that big unset aquamarine that was given you to sell. Lend it to me until this evening. If anything hap- pens to it, the pearl will cover it a dozen times over.” Eramian, who was not only clever but monstrous wise, took the pearl from its bed of cotton, examined it, and grunted. “It is damaged,” he said. Incredulous, Michael took it, screwed the loupe in his eye, and inspected the pearl. True; that delicate nacre was cut and broken on one side. Michael remembered how the fat hand of Lorin had closed on the gem. A ring, no doubt, had done this damage. “No matter. It is still good security for the aquamarine,” he said calmly. Eramian looked him in the eyes for a mo- ment, then nodded. “I said the angels would help you,” he observed, and hauled out his fat, dirty old wallet. From it he took a twist of paper and extended it. Michael, without a glance, thrust the twist and the stone it contained into his pocket. During the day, Michael got what he wanted; a little box of the right shape, from one of the big jewel houses, with a bed of emerald cotton. Then, very carefully, he took the aquamarine from its twist of paper and polished it before bedding it in the cotton. It was a glorious stone, a beryl crystal nearly two inches long on the face, of the rarest sea-green color. The flaw which had put it on the curb market instead of in some Rue de la Paix window did not affect the ineffable purity peculiar to this gem. 'T'HAT evening, having slipped past the concierge with a likely story, he knocked at the door of Julie’s apart- ment. She opened, started at recognizing him, and he sur- prised a hint of terror in her eyes. Then she flung the door wide. “Michael! It is the little Michael!” she cried warmly. He evaded her embraces, accepted an aperitif and a cigarette, sat down and chatted. She was dressing to go out to dinner; he promised not to detain her, and got out the box. “I thought you might know where I’d have a chance of selling this,” he said simply. She opened it, saw the stone, and sat silent. Once more he saw her tremble, saw her breath come fast, saw her dark eyes kindle. This is one of the few stones that retains all its colors and lustre under artificial light; Michael had picked it for this precise reason. Julie, who had grown more beauti- ful than ever, held it to her throat, admired it against the light with silent passion. At last a call from the concierge interrupted her. “Oh! My escort—I forgot the time!” she exclaimed, and put the stone back in its bed of cotton. “Ten thousand francs, you say? But, Michael, that’s a fortune! There’s no time now. Can you come back again?” “Yes?” he said. “I’ll come back again. Why not tonight?” “If you can, yes,” she assented. “I’ll be home by eleven.” . . . The inspector of tjhe Surete smiled as he listened to Michael’s story. They were waiting for reports on the stone from the fingerprint bureau. “But my son, you did not go far enough!” said the inspector. “Suppose you were right, eh? Suppose she was the killer? Then, if you had gone back, we might have taken her in the very act! It is not too late yet, if you prefer. ...”22 ARGOSY Michael shook his head, gravely. “No. I thought of that, but one does not take chances with a devil, m’sieu. This way was surer. If the stone has the right fingerprints, we’ll know." A man entered the office with brisk salute. “No question about it, m’sieu I The prints are those of the jewel maniac!” The inspector rose, suddenly alert. Michael came to his feet, also. “Well?” he demanded. “What now? What are you going to do?” “Take the first step toward the guillotine, perhaps. When she comes home, we’ll be waiting for her. If you’re right about everything else and we find the missing jewels —well, my son, come along and see.” . . . The voices dimmed, the faces faded away. Only a gray, mistily moving luminosity lingered. Across this silvery mist now and again shot a sudden splurge of faint color. Upon this background began to grow something definite; an upright, angular object that took shape and form. It was a guillotine. “It was not I!” A wailing woman’s voice fluttered and beat upon the room. “It was not I who did it. I tell you I did not know—” Something left the top of the guillotine and swished downward. The weighted knife clucked home, out of sight; the fluttering voice was gone. A splash of color leapt part way up the high frame, like a vast gush of blood. . . . Everything was gone once more, gone in grayish fog. /~\NE wild, sharp cry escaped the watching girl. She had ^ fallen backward in her chair; in the dull light of the room, Shipman could see that she was lying senseless. The luminous gray light slowly died away. Upon the room was rapping the voice of Korvo, imperious, com- manding, speaking some language Shipman did not com- prehend. With an effort of the will, Shipman controlled himself and,sat motionless and silent. Korvo’s voice! It was that of the boy Michael; older, deeper, yet the same voice.' And Shipman knew that he had here seen a veritible vision from out the past. Korvo had been that boy Michael, the boy who had assumed a feud with this devil that would never end, a feud deathless as eternity, merciless and terrible as karma itself. One woman had been brought to the guillotine, and here in this room sat another woman, whom Korvo was this time trying to save. A last febrile spurt of light. Shipman saw the girl’s face, white and wan, eyes closed; a face like that of Julie Favre. The same type, at all events. With a shiver, Shipman put his hands over his eyes; the effort to keep himself immobile here was terrific. He loved this girl, who was so close, so helpless, so lost. How long he waited, he did not know. At length he heard Korvo’s voice. “Chief! Come along and lend a hand.” He started up. The lights were on. Korvo was chafing the hands of Marie Wilson; her eyes were open, her head was lifting. She looked up at Shipman as he came to her. Bewilder- ment filled her eyes.	__ “Where am I? What place is this?” she breathed. “Oh! You are Mr. Shipman. Yes, I must know you, don’t I? But I can’t remember anything much.” “Never mind; you’re quite all right now,” broke in Shipman reassuringly. “You came in to look at a jewel." “A jewel?” She frowned. “But really, there must be some mistake! I don’t know anything about jewels; I never liked them much. They seem so hard and cold!” Shipman exchanged a glance with his assistant. “You’ve had a dizzy spell, Miss Wilson. Come along into the other office, and lie down for a bit; then we’ll call a cab and send you home.”. She rose, obediently, with bewilderment still upon her. T ATER that day, Shipman returned to his office to find Korvo awaiting him. He sat down at the desk, bit at a cigar, and eyed his assistant. “Well? Is everything all right, chief?” “Apparently it is,” said Shipman. “It seems that she’s had a mild case of aphasia, of forgetfulness; at least, that’s the way they put it. She’s with friends, she hasn’t much recollection of anything here—but, thank the Lord, she knew me for a friend!” Korvo smiled, in his thin, almost sinister manner. “But you know the truth, and I know it, chief.” “Damned if I know what to think! ” burst out Shipman, chewing at his cigar. “She’s a different person; entirely herself.” “Good enough!” said Korvo. “Well, what about that story we saw or heard?” Ship- man demanded. “Hallucination, was it? Or auto hypnosis?” Korvo smiled. “Chief, you’re an expert in physics, in the study of light. You know all about the cleavage of stones, how they’re made, how the cutting acts upon the light that passes through. You know the chemical com- position of a diamond or a ruby. “But can you tell me what gives such a stone its beauty?” “Eh?” Shipman frowned. “Light, of course.” “And what is this thing you call light?” Shipman eyed him for a moment. “I see. I can’t tell you, either, what makes the green in a blade of grass. Hm!” “Precisely. Is the light hallucination? Is the blade of grass auto-hypnosis? Much easier, chief, to accept it as something past our comprehension. Just so with the story we saw; it was my own story. I was that boy, yes. “But how did we see it so vividly? I don’t know.” Shipman shrugged. “And the pearl? Did your experi- ment succeed?” Korvo nodded. “Undoubtedly. Is not Miss Wilson herself again? If you want to see what that elemental spirit or devil looks like, here it is.” Korvo had taken the snowy white cone out of the window. He put it on Shipman’s desk, and at the apex placed the pearl. The black sphere with its steely sheen had taken on, to the somewhat startled gaze of Shipman, a maleficent beauty. “Take the thing away,” he said. “What’ll you do with it?” “Put it in the vault, for the present,” said Korvo. “Do you realize what possibility of evil lies in this pearl, chief? If it got into the wrong hands, if the devil within it were to exert a mental influence upon persons.” “All I’m thinking about,” broke in Shipman, “is that Miss Wilson and I are dining together this evening. And, I trust, many an evening hereafter. For which I owe you thanks.” And the two men exchanged a smile of comprehension.The watchman brought in Thorpe with a broken billiard cue. Dr. Ayres wanted to know where he got it. Thorpe couldn't remember Murder Goes to Sea By Allan R. Bosworth Here is a new and absorbing story for Argosy readers: of our Navy’s hospital ship Consola- tion, of murders on the high seas; of homicide in the place meant for healing WHEN the new six-million-dollar submarine Starfish sinks mysteriously off the California coast, Lieutenant Everett BRaL IX, the skipper, is threatened with the ruin of his career. A “mustang” officer, risen from the ranks after being dis- charged from the Naval Academy for a boyish prank, Brill has already had trouble enough—including a court martial which cleared him of charges of intoxication after his ship, the Bolton, had rammed another ship in maneuvers. And now twenty-two of his men have been lost in the un- explainable flooding of the Starfish’s after compartment; others are injured, and Brill himself is sick. When a rescue ship finally reaches them with a diving bell, the skipper—much against his will—is among the eight to be taken up first. For Adams, first-class torpedoman, has pur- posely knocked him out, making him a casualty—so that he will be saved. The other lucky seven include, first, the injured: Mike Way, chief torpedoman and master diver, who found a bottle on the skipper and hid it in the boat; it smelled of alcohol. Lieutenant McQuaid, engineering officer, who was the last man out of the flooded after compartment. He had saved the men forward—and doomed those behind him—by shutting the galley door against the inrushing water. Cardoni, machinist’s mate, whose brother was behind that door. He had taken a swing at McQuaid and they had gone down together, breaking Cardoni’s arm, injuring McQuaid’s skull. Then there is another sailor, Kowalski; the kid, John Thorpe; and two civilians: Victor Melhorne, chief engineer, and Foster Bedell, naval architect, for the Westco Iron Works, builder of the Starfish. \ MONG those left behind are Lieutenant James, executive officer, and Adams, who gave up his own place to the skip- per. And they are left behind, in great peril, for as the first load reaches the surface the diving bell’s downhaul cable is carried away. This means another job of diving before the rescue can go on—and the sea is rough for such work. Back in the naval hospital, meanwhile, news is anxiously awaited by three people: Evelyn Brill, the skipper’s beautiful daughter, who is fol- lowing the family career as a Navy nurse; Dr. Vincent Ayres, who is in love with Evelyn; and 2324 ARGOSY Gruff old Admiral J. K. Wetherbee, retired, who has been laid up in Sick Officers’ Quarters with a broken leg. He knows what the disgrace of a court martial would mean to Lieutenant Brill. Anxiety does not cease with the arrival of the casualties. McQuaid, in his delirium, has been muttering dark things which are-translated into rumors that Lieutenant Brill was drunk before the tragedy. The skipper assures his daughter that this is untrue; but does tell her that he had had to give McQuaid a dressing down, and that the junior officer resented it. fPHE atmosphere is heavily charged. Cardoni, whose brother was left behind t(jat closed door, talks bitterly of McQuaid —hopes he doesn’t live. The old admiral insists on being transferred to the hospital ship Consolation—at sea, where he belongs. And Martin West, builder of the submarine, arrives with his daughter Barbara. He is in a state of jitters—not about the men left behind in the sunken pig-boat, but about his Government contract: what will happen to it now? He seems worried about a competitor who may take it over—the Pacific Maritime Company. Then, just after Evelyn learns that the hospital ship Con- solation is to be sent to the scene of the sinking, and that she is assigned to go with it, she has a shocking message from Vince Ayres. McQuaid, whom Dr. Ayres has operated on successfully, has died—and not naturally. He has been clubbed to death in his bed. . . . CHAPTER VI *‘ THE ADMIRAL DIDN’T SLEEP SHE never remembered leaving the nurses’ quarters. She found herself stumbling along the hedge-rimmed walk, with a fine, blowing drizzle cool against her cheeks and making the dimly-lighted grounds even darker. Somebody moved yonder with a flashlight, and she heard men calling to one another. An automobile swung around the driveway to catch her full in the glare of its lights, startling her. It sped to the curb before the administration building and stopped there with a squeal of brakes. She saw Captain Jessup jump out. He was the medical corps four-striper commanding the hospital: a little, bald man of about sixty. He slammed the car door and hurried inside, and Evelyn heard loud voices in the personnel office where the chief pharmacist’s mate of the watch and the master-at-arms force had their headquarters. She took the stairs, and arrived breathless in the entrance of the reception room at Sick Officers’ Quarters. All the lights were on, now, and there was a semi-circle of white, drawn faces; at first glance, it appeared that everybody who -had been in the room earlier was again on hand, sitting and facing Vince Ayres. She saw her father, looking more stunned than before. Mike Way’s rugged features were set in bleak, hard lines. Vince came toward her, gravely. She heard Cardoni’s voice, no longer bitter. “I didn’t mean what I said! I didn’t mean what I said about wishing he’d die!” Vince took her arm. “Evelyn,” he said so low the others couldn’t hear, “I hate to drag you into this ... but they’d have called you, anyway. And you can help. “Keep your eyes and ears open, and watch everybodyI There’s one man missing. The youngster—Thorpe.” “That kid? Vince, he couldn’t—” “Here comes the captain,” Vince interrupted. Jessup was more the physician and surgeon than an administrative officer. He tried, now, to keep the anxiety out of his voice, and to sound military. “What steps have you taken, Dr. Ayres?” ~“The master-at-arms force and the civilian night watch- man are watching the fence, sir,” Vince reported. “I notified the marine sentry at the gate to allow no one to leave the grounds, and I called out the marine guard to search them. “Nobody’s gone out the gate in the last two hours, except Mr. West and his daughter. They grew tired of waiting here, and left for their hotel. That was forty minutes ago, according to the gate sentry. I’ve telephoned for them to return.” “You didn’t notify civil authorities—the police?” “No, sir.”	\ “Good. I’ll report to the commandant as soon as I learn the details. If police were called in, the newspapers would be on our necks and linking this—er—affair to the Starfish disaster. We must try to keep down the scandal. “Now suppose you tell me everything you know.” 46'V'ES, sir.” Vince drew a deep breath; his long, sensitive face was pale and solemn, but his eyes and glasses appeared as cool and clear as ever. Evelyn found a seat beside her father. Everett Brill took her hand and held it tightly. His palm was sweating, now: the fever, she thought with relief, was broken. She saw that the night nurse, Miss Wilkins, had j6ined the group; and there were two corpsmen, both looking frightened. “McQuaid was in Number Five quiet room, sir,” Vince Ayres began. “Number Three is unoccupied. Admiral Wetherbee is in " Number One, and Lieutenant Brill was in Number Seven. All the odd numbers have windows opening on the balcony." “I know that,” Captain Jessup said impatiently. A buzzer sounded in the hall. Miss Wilkins said, “That’s the admiral. Answer it, Murphy.” “He was killed just before midnight, sir,” Vince went on. “The corpsmen were changing watches. Miss Wilkins was in the diet kitchen, getting”—a trace of ironic amusement touched his voice—“a cold turkey leg for the admiral. “Murphy was relieving Jacobs as the special watch over McQuaid. They both went into the diet kitchen, too— Murphy to refill McQuaid’s ice cap, and Jacobs to get Lieutenant Brill something to eat.” The captain glanced at Brill. “At midnight?” “Yes, sir,” said Brill, flushing. “I couldn’t sleep. I hadn’t eaten for’ twenty hours. I called him as the watch was changing, and asked for a couple of three-minute eggs.” “When Murphy went back to Number Five,” Vince resumed, “he found McQuaid dead. Or, rather, dying. He was still breathing, then.” “Who’s Murphy?” the captain asked. “The redheaded corpsman, Captain,” Miss Wilkins said. “He’s answering the admiral’s bell. Here he comes, now.” “Doesn’t the admiral ever sleep?” demanded Jessup. “What did he want now—another turkey leg?” “No, sir,” Murphy answered. “He wanted his fountain pen filled. He’s writing in his log, sir: an entry about the murder, he said.” Vince Ayres looked queerly at Evelyn. Captain Jessup cleared his throat. “Murphy, how long were you out of the quiet room?”MURDER GOES TO SEA 25 “About five minutes, sir. I had to chop some ice. When I went back, I started to put the ice cap on his head, and —and then—” He hesitated, and Captain Jessup turned on Vince Ayres again. “Go on, doctor. Did you find the murder weapon?” “Not yet, sir. We found the window open. But I looked for wet footprints in the room, and there were none. Then” —he reached into the seat of a club chair—“we found this. On the balcony.” He held it up. Something cold ran along Evelyn Brill’s spine and laid clutching fingers on her leaping heart. It was a scarlet-lined nurse’s cape. Her cape! There was a darker stain against the crimson lining, and the rain had already started spreading it. "l^INCE AYRES’ voice sounded flat, deadly: “Apparently " it was used to wrap the murder weapon, Captain. The weapon would have been heavy, and blunt; this cape not only averted the chance of fingerprints, but deadened the sound of the blows. “McQuaid’s skull is badly crushed. Perhaps you’d like to look at him.” “Not yet,” said Jessup. He took the cape, and looked up sharply. “Yours, Miss Wilkins?” She was a mouse-like woman of past forty. She gasped, “Heavens, no, Captain!” “It’s mine, Captain Jessup,” said Evelyn Jirill calmly. She felt her father’s hand tighten spasmodically. Mike Way’s eyes were on her, and those of all the others: she could feel them. Only Vince tried to look elsewhere, and she remembered what he had said: they’d have called you, anyway. Out of the corner of her eyes, she could see Victor Mel- horne’s heavy face; there was almost accusation in his pale, unwinking stare. Foster Bedell rubbed a palm across his stubbled cheek, and the beard made a rasping sound. “Do you know how it got there?” Captain Jessup was asking her.	"\ “No, sir. I—I think I must have left it here, in this room.” She felt confused; after the shock of the telephone call, she hadn’t remembered’going into the rain without a cape. But her white uniform was damp. “Miss Brill left here hurriedly, to pack and get some rest,” Vince was explaining, kindly. “She’s one of the draft for the Consolation, Captain. And she’s been under a con- siderable strain. I—” Someone was coming up the stairs. Everybody looked that way, and saw Martin West puffing into view. Barbara West was holding his arm. She had removed a portion of her makeup at the hotel, and didn’t have time to renew it. Her heavily mascaraed lashes were incongruous against her pale cheeks. “My God!” West panted. “The one man! The one man who knew! Who did it, doctor? Who killed him?” 4	40 IT down, Mr. West,” said Vince. He pulled out the ^ club chair for Barbara. “That’s what we’re trying to find out, and you may be able to help us.” West raised a fat hand quickly. “I don’t know anything about it—not a thingl And neither does my daughter.” “None of us does,” Vince said patiently. “But you and Miss West had an advantage. You left at the approximate time the murder took place, and you were out here, where you could see anyone who came in or went out: something none of the others could notice from their rooms. Did you see anybody?” “Not a soul!” West said emphatically. “Not a—” “Father,” the girl said. “There was one man. Remember the young sailor? Thorpe, his name is, I believe. He came through here and went out on the balcony, before we left.” “That’s right.” West nodded. “I’d forgotten.” Vince Ayres’ face was a grave mask. “How was he dressed?” “Why—he was wearing pajamas and a robe. Like all the others,” Barbara West said. “I remember his eyes. He looked—well, dazed, and frightened.” Mike Way snorted. “The kid has been scared to death since it happened, doctor. Surely nobody thinks he killed the lieutenant! ” Vince turned to Everett Brill. “I’m not thinking be did,” he said. “But he’s the only one missing, and we’ve got to check up. “Lieutenant Brill, in your opinion would Thorpe have had any reason to commit such a crime—taking into con- sideration his mentally disturbed state, which might have magnified a small resentment out of all proportion? Was there a grudge that you know of?” “McQuaid,” Brill said slowly, “put the boy on report— twice. But good Lord, that’s nothing! That’s no grounds for suspecting Thorpe. He’s just a kid. Why—” The admiral’s buzzer sounded again. Murphy arose with a resigned air, and went down the hall. Captain Jessup fidgeted. “I suppose I’d better notify the commandant,” he said. “Dr. Ayres, you carry on. Nobody is to leave this room. If Thorpe is found, I want to be notified at once.” “Aye, aye, sir!” Vince said. Murphy came back, carrying a book. “It’s the admiral’s log, sir,” he reported as he handed it to Vince Ayres. “He says he hasn’t been asleep yet, tonight, and he’s jotted down his observations here. Wants you to read it.” Vince Ayres turned the pages half-curiously, half-humor- ously, until he reached the last entry. He studied this a minute in silence, then looked up. His mouth was com- pressed, his eyes grave. CHAPTER VII MURDER FOR SHIPMATE 66TNSOMNIACS,” Ayres said slowly, “are usually cursed -*■ with over-active imaginations. But Admiral Wether- bee has well-developed powers of observation, as well. “I’m going to read what he’s logged tonight. “If anybody chooses to take offense, I’ll ask you to re- member that this is a murder, and that none of us is entirely free of suspicion until the murderer has been found.” He lifted the logbook, and began reading: 10 January (Continued). In dry dock, as before. 1640 First rescued survivors of Starfish reported aboard, several suffering from injuries. 1700 Lieut, (jg) Frederick McQUAlD, U. S. N., under- went operation for fracture of skull. 1930 Admiral 1. K. WETHERBEE notified request for transfer to hospital ship Consolation approved. 1930 to 2300 Preparing to get under way for sea. 2400 Lieut, (jg.) Frederick McQUAlD found murdered in Room Five, this station. Who—and why? Mysterious in- cidents noticed, remarks overheard, etc., include: At about 2000, man identified as CARDONI, John Joseph, M.M. 2c, U. S. N., of Starfish survivors, heard to express26 ARGOSY hope McQuaid would die. At about 2310, a woman’s figure hesitated on balcony outside my window. Appeared to be wearing nurse’s cape. But nurses' shoes have flat, rubber heels, do not click. Nurses not allowed to wear perfume. . . . Barbara West gasped. “That is a deliberate attempt to insult me, doctor!” she exclaimed angrily. “It’s obvious that I am the only such woman at this hospital tonight. I won’t listen to that sort of nonsense! Father, please take me back to the hotel.” Martin West half rose, but Vince Ayres motioned for him to remain seated. “I must remind you again,” he said gently. “The gate is guarded. Nobody can leave. Now, if you’ll permit me to finish reading.., At approximately 2330, a man's figure passed open window in rain. He was carrying something over his shoulder. It might have been a swab handle, or something heavier. Motives for murder: Revenge? Possible, but not likely. Jealousy ? Must inquire into any love affairs McQuaid had. Most likely motive hinges on fact McQuaid was apparently only man who knew what happened in Starfish’s after com- partments to sink ship. McQuaid heard, while delirious, muttering about smell. Whpt sort of smell? Ether, whiskey, somethintfin submarine —whatt Must find out. Vince Ayres put down the book, and then, as an after- thought, handed it to Murphy. “Return it to the admiral with my thanks,” he told the corpsman. “Tell him I’ll talk to him later about the case, and congratulate him for me on the fact that he’s going to sea, after all.” T^HERE was a commotion at the stairway entry. A mem- ber of the master-at-arms, force appeared with the old civilian night watchman. They were dragging a man be- tween them: a slender figure in a rain-sodden bathrobe. “Thorpe!” exclaimed Lieutenant Brill. Vince Ayres nodded impassively, and the two brought Thorpe forward and pushed him into a chair. He had a fresh scalp wound high on his forehead, and he looked to be only half conscious. He was sobbing in convulsive jerks. “Get some aromatic spirits, Miss Wilkins!” Vince said. “Where’d you find him, McCarthy?” “Walking by the west fence,” said the watchman. “Carry- ing this.” He handed Vince a broken billiard cue. It was wet by the rain. Foster Bedell shuddered. “My God! ” he murmured. “-He couldn’t have done it! Why, he just isn’t the kind! Where’d he get this cue?” “There’s an old table in the corner, yonder,” Vince said slowly. “McCarthy, did he offer resistance? Is that where you hit him?” The night watchman nodded. “Yes, sir. I had to. He came walking straight at me, and he was carrying that shillaly like a gun. I hollered for him to halt and put it down, but he came on. I dodged, and tapped him with my billy.” Miss Wilkins forced the aromatic spirits into young Thorpe’s mouth. He coughed, and sat up more erectly. His eyes lost their dazed expression. “All right, Thorpe,” Vince said. “Talk up. What were you doing out in the compotind? What were you doing carrying this club?” “I—I don’t know! ” the boy said. “I don’t remember. I went to bed, and ... I don’t know!” Thorpe shuddered. “Try to remember. Try hard,” Vince said grimly. “Something has happened, and you may find yourself in a bad spot unless you can explain. Where’d you get this billiard cue?” Thorpe shook his head. “I didn’t know I had it, sir,” he said dazedly, and passed his hand across his brow. “My head— It’s bleeding! What happened?” “Take it easy, Thorpe,” Vince cautioned. He examined the cut. “This will need a couple of sutures. Miss Wilkins, if you’ll get me a surgical kit—” rpHE abrupt, excited entrance of Captain Jessup inter- rupted. The hospital commander faced Martin West’s chair angrily. ' “Mr. West, did you tell the newspapers about this?” he demanded. “Why, no, certainly not!” West said. “I—I told them that I planned to take my own salvage equipment to sea, if the Navy will let me. The reporters left. , “I’m afraid I did mention the murder to the hotel clerk as we left, though. I—I was very upset.” Jessup boiled over. “That was very thoughtful of you, sir! Now there are a dozen reporters and cameramen at the gate!”	v “I’m sorry, Captain,” West said contritely. He looked flabbly, and white and helpless in contrast to the others. “I’ve some news for all of you, Mr. West included,” Jessup snapped. “The commandant has instructed me to order you all aboard the Consolation at dawn.” A murmur rose. It came from West and his daughter, and from Victor Melhorne and Foster Bedell. Navy people, being that, said nothing. “But I can’t go! ” West protested. “The contracts! And I need Melhorne and Bedell at the yards!” Captain Jessup eyed the civilian group with something like disdain. Barbara West’s pale face clearly showed the distaste she felt; a luxury liner, Evelyn thought, would be more according to the girl’s choice.... “Everybody who was in S.O.Q. is to be kept together,” Jessup said. “The inquiry into McQuaid’s murder will pro- ceed aboard the Consolation. “Dr. Ayres, I’ll give you written orders placing you in charge for the present. There’ll be no newspapermen out there; not on the Consolation, at least.” Vince said, “Aye, aye, sir!” and looked at Evelyn Brill. Neither had ever dreamed of going to sea under such strange circumstances. Neither had ever thought of sailing with a murderer for a shipmate. CHAPTER VIII ORDERS ARE MANACLES VINCE AYRES felt more like a cop than a Navy medical officer. He stepped out of the first station wagon as it halted on the dock, turning up his raincoat collar and watching two other machines come to a stop. Wind whipped the drizzle into a soft mist that was like a thin, wet curtain fluttering against your face. Lights dripped and ran in reflected pools; the dock’s asphalt and worn timbers might have been mahogany. The gangplank creaked to the rise and fall of the ship, and black water sucked noisily under the pier pilings. He turned his back to the wet wind, and checked theMURDER GOES TO SEA 27 muster list of the party as they went aboard the Consolation. Admiral Wetherbee’s stretcher went first, manned by a pair of hospital corpsmen. They carried him properly up the gangway, head first, but he let out a sea dog’s bark as they reached the deck. “Way enough!” the admiral boomed, and sat up rigidly to face in the direction of the quarterdeck. He saluted, and his gaunt old face was soft under the gangplank’s lights. “Carry on,” he said simply, when this respect had been paid. Watching, Vince felt a lump in his throat, and wished the Consolation had been notified that the admiral was coming. It would have been nice, he thought, to see side- boys pipe the old man aboard in style. He checked the names. Nurses were next. Mae Kennedy, Miss Malone, Miss Ballew, Evelyn Brill, and the drab little Miss Wilkins, who’d been on duty in S.O.Q. Lieutenant Brill was holding his daughter’s arm; a borrowed raincoat covered his stocky form. Vince touched Evelyn’s arm. “See that he has some cough medicine before he turns in,” he said; and she smiled gratefully. There was strain on all these faces, and a bewilderment no one could leave ashore. Victor Melhorne and Foster Bedell waited at the gangway for Martin West and his daughter to precede them. Odd thing, Vince thought—civilians boarding a Navy ship, going to sea.... Barbara West lifted her expensive, fur coat and the gown that was beneath it as she crossed the wet gangplank. There was no need for this, and Vince marked it as another index to her character. Spoiled, and petty; and capable—he dwelled a space on the thought—capable of a quick, jealous anger. Navy men followed. Even in civilian clothes, Vince thought, he would have known they were Navy men: it was in their manner of going aboard, and the way they saluted both the officer of the deck and the gangway. Young John Thorpe, his eyes wide and haunted under the strip of adhesive that covered the scalp cut—Thorpe halted briefly, looking down at the dark, noisy water. And Cardoni, his dark face~grown more stolid. Kowalski, his curly head bare, and one cheek bandaged. Then Mike Way. rPHE big chief torpedoman alone seemed alert. Fatigue -*■ dropped easily from his rugged frame, and his bruised ribs had been taped so that he no longer had to hold his hand against the pain of his breathing. He stopped and saluted. “Dr. Ayres, sir, I want to put in a request. I want to be sent over to the Algonquin, so I can dive.” Vince smiled. “Take if easy, Chief! Haven’t you had enough trouble? You wouldn’t want to come up with bends.” “No, sir. But I could stand the pressure. I could get that cable secured to the Starfish, sir! Will you let me dive?” “We’ll see, later,” Vince said. He patted the big man’s arm. “Get some sleep, now.” “Aye, aye, sir.” Vince Ayres understood. Twenty-five men still down there in the submarine. Shipmates of Mike Way, as those who had died had been shipmates. The word means some- thing, in the Navy. He checked off the hospital corpsmen who had been sent along. They included the two men who had been in Sick Officers’ Quarters when McQuaid was murdered—Murphy and Jacobs. Then he went aboard, and a deck detail at once began shipping the gangplank. The Consolation was sailing before sunrise. She had just been commissioned in the Navy, but she was old in sea service. Formerly a passenger vessel of some nine thousand tons, she had been replaced in the coastal run by larger and more luxurious liners after war abroad shut down on transatlantic sailings. The Navy bought her, knocked out some of the cabin bulkheads to create wards on both the main deck and the promenade deck, and installed hospital equipment, includ- ing a well-lighted operating room aft over the fantails. The Consolation gleamed palely in the wet dawn, under her fresh coat of white paint. She looked like a ghost ship; and she was so empty of personnel, Vince found, as to further this illusion. Only a skeleton staff of the doctors, nurses and corpsmen she would need had so far been put aboard. The deck force was billeted in the fo’c’sle, and this left more than a score of rooms that had once been passenger cabins available for the party that had just come aboard. Assignment of quarters found the enlisted men chortling that at last they had found a Navy they liked. They were paired in the rooms that had once been tourist class cabins. The nurses and Barbara West had rooms to themselves, as did Vince Ayres and Everett Brill. Admiral Wetherbee was already being made comfortable in a roomy cabin aft; Martin West, Foster Bedell and Victor Melhorne were established amidships. “Everybody,” Vince told them, “will muster in that small isolation ward on the main deck at eleven o’clock, so we can resume the investigation. You’d better sleep fast!” HE TURNED in. Yesterday seemed an age ago, an eternity crowded with incredible things. The full horror of McQuaid’s murder struck him as he lay wide-eyed, feeling the-tremor of the engines and the beam roll that began when the Consolation backed into the bay. A weariness lay heavily upon his eyelids, but his thoughts ran restlessly while light grayed in the porthole glass. He thought of Everett Brill—the submarine skipper had taken a room two decks down, where he would feel more at home. He thought oj the others, considering one by one the persons who had been in S.O.Q. before and after somebody —one of them—slugged an unconscious man to death. But there was no really tangible clue remembered; there was nothing on which his fatigue-fogged mind could base the foundation and rear the structure of the crime. It was a jumble of personalities and possible motives, too confused for him to untangle. He came, then, to more pleasant thought. Evelyn Brill. With changing ballroom lights on her coppery hair, and the whisper of her evening gown in his arms. She had still been beautiful under those other lights, in the harsh brilliance of the surgery. Still beautiful, but very impersonal, and far away. It was hard to dissassociate her from the Navy; and those few women who were in the Navy couldn’t get married. . . .J 28 ARGOSY IN A room on the starboard side of the main deck, Admiral Wetherbee shook ink into the point of his fountain pen. It was no trick at all for a man accustomed to only three or four hours’ sleep nightly to do without sleep entirely. He propped his back against the pillows and made an entry in his logbook. U. S. S. CONSOLATION 11 January. Moored as before. 0500 Made all preparations for getting under way. 0505 Pursuant to orders of Commandant, Admiral J. K. WETHERBEE, U. S. N. (Retired) reported on board with hospital draft in command of Lieut. Vincent AYRES, (M.C.) U. S. N. Murder inquiry ordered to convene at 1100. 0530 Dispatched urgent message to Commandant to advise course of procedure in regard to Lieut. Everett BRILL, U.S.N., captain of the late U. S. S. STARFISH. 0600 Got under way for scene of STARFISH disaster. ' Captain at conn, Navigator on the bridge, standard speed, standing out of harbor on various courses conforming to the channel. . . . Note: Why did no one in S.O.Q. hear blows of weapon used in murder of Lieut. McQUAlD? Blows of force sufficient to crush man’s skull are not exactly silent, and sev- eral men were within earshot. Mus[ consider this important question. . . . "X/'INCE AYRES entered the isolation ward at two " minutes before eleven, and rapidly ran his eye over the group asembled there. -He said, “Good morning,” and the chorus of greeting re- minded him of school days. Everybody, he noticed, ap- peared freshened.	t: “Chief,” he told Mike Way,'“I’ll appoint you master-at- arms. Your first job will be to see that Murphy and Jacobs muster here; they’re aboard for this inquiry, and not for duty. Have them bring some more chairs.” Waiting, he walked to the porthole nearest him, and looked at a gray sea running restlessly under the sullen sky. The rain had stopped, and the fog was broken. It drifted, now, in scattered ghostly patches that hugged the shifting hollows. The swells were high, and the Consolation rolled creak- ingly. Vince became conscious of perfume, subtle and near. He" thought of Admiral Wetherbee’s logbook, and turned to find Barbara West at his side. She had managed to get luggage sent from the hotel before the Consolation sailed, and now she wore a yachting costume of blue skirt and red tailored jacket,with exagger- ated brass buttons. Vince would have guessed that this shade of red had been especially created to match her lipstick. “Yes, Miss West?” “My father doesn’t feel well, doctor.” She inclined her head slightly toward one of the bunks. Mike Way and the two corpsmen were bringing in chairs, and everybody but Martin West was sitting down. -He lay in a lower bunk, his eyes closed and a faintly green cast to his broad face. Nothing looks more helpless, Vince thought, than a sick fat man. Martin West built ships, but he couldn’t sail in them. “I wonder if you’d mind excusing us?” the girl went on. “I’ve told you all I know, and Father doesn’t know any more. It was a silly thing, our being forced to come on this ship, in the first place!” Vince manfully put down the anger that rose within him. “No doubt it was,” he said. “You must be missing no end of important things. Teas, and weddings, and engagement parties.” He kept his voice quiet, watching her. The girl’s dark eyes widened, and Vince noted the re- action curiously. More surprise than resentment, he thought. He said, “I’m sorry, Miss West. For your father, too. But, unfortunately, medical science has discovered no cure for seasickness. He can lie here, and he’ll be no more mis- erable than in his room. Please take your seat.” Her eyes flashed at him in evidence of that quick temper. She turned with haughty anger, and her heels clicked across the deck. Vince beckoned to Evelyn Brill. “You’ve had stenographic training,” he said. “Please take notes on all that is said and done here. You may use this pad of temperature charts for the present.” « LIEUTENANT BRILL shifted anxiously in his chair. “Doctor,” he began, “have you heard anything? I—I overslept, ancl—” “Yes,” Vince said. “I made my call on the captain just before coming in here, and I saw the latest radio dispatch. The divers are still having trouble trying to secure the downhaul cable. “But the men in the Starfish told the Algonquin, by hull tapping, that they’re all right. They have enough food, air and water for several days.” *	A spasm ran across young Thorpe’s thin face. Brill drew a deep breath. “Of course,” he said, as if trying to convince himself. “Of course. I ordered those emergency tanks filled. The water will taste, though. It always does, in new tanks. “And they have canned rations, and enough soda lime to fight the C02. They can always put on the Momsen lungs____” His voice trailed off. Foster Bedell said, “I’m sure they’ll all be saved, Captain. And you’ll be glad to know that the Navy has approved Mr. West’s offer to have the Westsal steam to the scene. She’s very well equipped with diving and salvage rigs.” Bedell had shaved, and he had slept, but his dark eyes still showed red splotches at their corners, and a nervousness lay in the lines of his lean, intense face. From his bunk, Martin West groaned something about contracts; and Vince Ayres cleared his throat, anxious to get the inquiry under way. “We’re going towesume where we left off this morning,” he said. “I’ll talk to you, one at a time, in the nurse’s office. “I want all of you to remember that so far no one is accused, but that each and every one of you—of us—may be under suspicion. “Because”—and he paused for emphasis—“it is almost a certainty that the murderer of Lieutenant McQuaid is in this' room.-” .... The nurse’s office was a small, glass-enclosed room in one corner of the ward. Vince hoped for a psychological effect here; those who waited outside could see the ques- tioning, but unless voices were loud, they could hear nothing through the glass. He beckoned to John Thorpe. “All right, Thorpe, we’ll start with you again. Come on in.” The door opened on the passageway, and an officer entered, followed by the chief master-at-arms of the Con- solation, a chief boatswain’s mate who wore a duty belt and star. Vince looked up inquiringly. ■MURDER GOES TO SEA 29 “Sorry, Dr. Ayres,” the officer said, and hesitated. Then, crisply: “The captain has just received radio or- ders from the district commandant. To arrest and detain Lieutenant Brill...” CHAPTER IX THREE MINUTES TO KILL UVELYN BRILL stifled a little cry. She dropped the fountain pen she was holding, and it rolled eccentrically with the lift and fall of the ship. Everett Brill sat as if frozen, his face gone gray, for a space. Then he rose, squaring his stocky shoulders. “Lead the way, please,” he said with dignity. Mike Way retrieved the pen as the door closed on a silence. He whispered, “Don’t worry, Miss Brill!” Vince waited until she had gone into the nurse’s office, and then he and young Thorpe followed. “Sit down,” Vince said. “Now, Thorpe, this is what we know: McQuaid was beaten to death somewhere around midnight. The slayer apparently wrapped his weapon in Miss Brill’s cape, which was found lying on the balcony. “The window was open. The murderer may have escaped that way; may have entered from the outside, tod, for all we know. Or, the open window may have been a ruse.” “I don’t know anything about it, sir.” Thorpe said in a high, edged voice. A boy’s voice, scarcely changed. “You were brought in a little while later by the master-at- arms and the night watchman. You had been carrying a broken billiard cue. I’m having that cue examined in the laboratory, Thorpe. Can you cemember, now, what you were doing with it?” Thorpe swallowed, and his face worked. “No. sir. I don’t remember anything—not anything. Not till they hit me.” “The billiard cue,” Vince said softly, “would have been capable of breaking a man’s skull.” “I didn’t do it!’’ the boy moaned. “I guess—I guess I must have been walking in my sleep.” VINCE Ayres exchanged surprised glances with Evelyn, and was silent while her pen scratched over the tem- perature chart. He remembered that Barbara West had seen Thorpe pass through the reception room; she had said the sailor looked dazed. It was quite possible, the doctor thought, that the shock of Thorpe’s submarine experience could have produced a mental condition that might result in somnambulism. It would take time to check on this. But could a man murder in his sleep? “Thorpe,” he said, “you didn’t like Mr. McQuaid. He’d put you on the report. Twice. Did you hold that as a grudge?” The sailor sprang to his feet, and his voice was loud enough for those outside to hear: “I didn’t have near as big a grudge against him as the skipper!” he blurted. “Mr. McQuaid'was going to accuse the captain of being drunk!” Vince avoided Evelyn’s eyes. He looked through the glass, and saw those in the ward react. Mike Way stiffened, and muttered something, and Barbara West’s eybrows went up in thin lines as she met Melhorne’s pale gaze. . This, he realized with an acute sense of shock, was the best motive for murder so far advanced. “We don’t want any hearsay testimony, Thorpe,” he said quietly. “What do you know of this first-hand? Sit down and talk calmly, now. We want the truth—the facts.” “I heard him ask Captain Brill if he was all right,” said the sailor. “I could smell the captain’s breath, too. It smelled like alcohol. The captain got kind of sore, and told Mr. McQuaid to get aft. “And then”—he raised his eyes defiantly—“then I saw the captain take a drink out of a bottle. Later, after it— after it happened—Mr. MeQuaid kept mumbling about the smell.” “Did you ever walk in your sleep as a child?” “Why, I—I don’t know, sir. I guess not.” “That’s all, Thorpe. You’d best not talk to the others about this. You’re at liberty for the time being.” Thorpe closed the door. Evelyn said, “It looks bad for Dad, Vince. If even the enlisted men thought he was drinking ...” “You keep your chin up, young lady,” Vince said. “I’m going to have a talk with your father later. There’s some- thing we don’t know going on here. “That arrest—The evidence might warrant arresting Thorpe, but not your father. I can’t understand the order from shore. Unless they found something at the hospital—” “The murder weapon,” Evelyn said. “Maybe they found it.” “Maybe. But we know he didn’t do it. So keep brave.” She met his eyes, and managed a smile. “Well,” she said, “who’ll be next?” Vince consulted his watch. “We’ll have time to question one more before lunch; and afterward, I want to send a radio message or two ashore, to a man I know in Intelli- gence. * “Meanwhile, batten down the hatches for a storm. We’re going to talk to Miss Barbara West; and unless I’m mis- taken, she can tell us something! ” SHE entered with haughty, flouncing defiance and took her seat with an air of utter boredom. She said, “Dr. Ayres, this continues to be utterly silly! You’ve no right to cross-examine me!”	i “It might come to the point of criminal court, and news- paper publicity, unless you cooperate now,” Vince warned. “You wouldn’t care for front page notoriety, would you?” “Certainly not! But—” “Didn’t I see your photo in the society section, some time ago?” The girl lifted a red-jacketed shoulder. “Perhaps,” she said icily. “Why not? I’ve done some club work for charity.” “My impression is that it was an engagement announce- ment. Your engagement.” “Then I’m sure you must be mistaken,” she said. “What has that to do with this case?” “Possibly nothing,” Vince admitted. He rose and paced the small room; he looked outside and saw the others sit- ting in attitudes of impatience. Both Foster Bedell and Victor Melhorne were watching the office. The two hospital corpsmen and a pair of the submarine men—Cardoni and the curly-headed Kowalski—had pro- duced a deck of cards from some place, and were shuffling them to play on the deck.30 ARGOSY “What”—Vince turned suddenly to the girl—“What were you doing on the balcony last night?” Her dark eyes blazed. “I’ve told you I wasn’t! Just be- cause Admiral Wetherbee says he smelled perfume—” “And saw the silhouette of a woman, and heard high heels clicking,” Vince added. "17INCE took another tack. “Your father stands to make ’ a great deal of money, if he builds twenty more sub- marines for the Navy. By the same token, he stands to lose a great deal—millions—if he loses that contract.” The girl stiffened. “What are you driving at now?” “It’s up to me to examine all possible and probable motives for'this murder. If Lieutenant McQuaid alone knew of some fault in the Starfish’s construction—some- thing that sent her to the bottom—it would be unfortunate for Westco when he regained consciousness and talked.” “Why, you’re virtually accusing Father! You—” Vince smiled grimly. “Not exactly. Remember, I said possible-and probable motives. Your father isn’t alone in his interest in those new submarines. “There are, for instance, Mr. Bedell and Mr. Melhorne.” “That’s all crazy!” Barbara West declared. She fidgeted on the edge of her chair. “Suppose there were a flaw in the ship. It’d be found, wouldn’t it? They’ll raise her.” “Maybe not for some time,” Vince said. “Not if the Fleet is ordered to the Atlantic, as it expects to be. No, there might be ample time to fulfill that contract, the way shipbuilding is being rushed today.” “I’ve told you all I know,” the girl insisted. “I saw that sailor—Thorpe—leave. And he was found with that club. I don’t see what more evidence you need.” Vince resumed his pacing. “Miss West,” he said, “it’s very important that we know just where everybody was at the approximate time of the murder, and just before it took place. Look at this; it’s a diagram of S. 0. Q.” He took a sheet of paper from the desk and handed it to the girl. Her hands were trembling. “It would have been easy for anybody in one of the odd- numbered quiet rooms to open a window, step out on the balcony, and go to McQuaid’s room—Number Five,” he went on. “The admiral was in One. He couldn’t get out of bed Number Three was vacant.	, “Lieutenant Brill was in Five. We know a corpsman saw him in bed at the time: the lieutenant asked for some three- minute eggs.” Barbara West flashed a feline look at Evelyn. “Three minutes,” she drawled, “is just about enough time to kill a man.” “Perhaps,” said Vince. “But we know he was there. Melhorne was in Nine. Nobody went to answer his bell; he didn’t ring, as Lieutenant Brill did. So, we don’t know that Melhorne was in his room. He might—” “Mr. Melhorne was asleep!” Barbara West said quickly. VINCE straightened, and there was a peculiar glint be- hind his crystal-clear glasses. He turned his long,, sensitive face toward Evelyn Brill, and said: “I wanted to be sure of that, Miss West, so that there’d be no need of going farther into that line of inquiry. It’ll help if you explain, now, why you went out on the balcony.” “All right! ” the dark-haired girl said suddenly. She took a cigarette case from her bag, fumbled at it, and finally got a cigarette between her tight lips. Vince lighted it for her. She said, “Oh, I haven’t anything to hide; there’s nothing to be ashamed of. I went out tfiere—yes. To the far end of the balcony, where Mr. Melhorne’s room was.” “Why?” Vince insisted. “To tell Victor—Mr. Melhorne—that Father had changed his mind. That we were going to the hotel, after all.” “Why didn’t Mr. West go?” “I—I also wanted to tell him goodnight.” Vince said, “Oh. Go on.” “But that’s all. Oh, yes—the cape. It was raining, and I saw the nurse’s cape lying on a chair. I threw it over my shoulders to protect my dress.” Vince nodded, and glanced at Evelyn. “Your cape,” he said. “Now, you told Mr. Melhorne goodnight, and then returned to the reception room. You—” “No,” said Barbara West. “That’s why I know he was asleep. I couldn’t wake him, at the window. I could hear him breathing, but I suppose after—after that previous night in the submarine, he was sleeping too soundly. So I went back.” “You took the cape from the chair,” Vince said. “Did you put it back there?” Barbara West shook her head. “No. I dropped it on the balcony. I was frightened. A man came along with a club. I know, now, who it was, of course. Thorpe. But when I saw him, I ran.” “I see,” Vince murmured. He opened a notebook and turned through its leaves for a minute. Then he said, “Miss West, may I ask why you didn’t go down the hall to Mr. Melhorne’s room?” .* The girl colored. “I think I’m entitled to keep my reason for not doing that to myself. I didn’t wish anybody to see me. “That—that isn’t the way it sounds. It happens that Victor and I are engaged. But only Father knows it, and if I’d gone publicly down the hall, Mr. Bedell and others might—” “I’m sorry I asked you,” Vince said humbly. “I think that will be all, now. Thank you.” And, as he opened the door for her: “Will you please tell the others to go to their dinner? We’ll muster here again at two o’clock.” TTE faced Evelyn when they were alone. She said, with a sigh, “Well, Vince.... are we getting anywhere?” “I don’t know. I know this: Miss West hasn’t really told everything. Either that, or the admiral’s log is off; and knowing the admiral, I don’t think the latter is true. “You heard her say she saw the man with the club on the balcony. Well, the admiral’s log puts her there at ‘about 2310’. That’s ten minutes past eleven. “And he puts the man with ‘a swab handle, or something heavier’ there at 2330—fialf past eleven.” “What do you think, Vince? About Thorpe?” “I don’t know,” he confessed. “I must go by the labora- tory and see what they found on the billiard cue. Nobody would pick Thorpe as a murderer; he’s more the bewildered boy type. No, I think what Miss West revealed is more important.” “What made you so sure—about her and Melhorne, 1 mean?” He sat on a corner of the desk, lighting a cigarette and grinning through the smoke.MURDER GOES TO SEA 31 “I wasn’t sure. But did you ever see colder eyes in a man? And they warm up a little only when he’s looking at that girl. “So I dropped a hint that Melhorne might be accused, and she rose to the bait. Protective instinct—it’s strong, in all women.” “But what do you think she hasn’t told?” “She hasn’t told everything about that man with the club. I’m sure of that. Oh, she saw him, all right. In the rain and the semi-darkness, one man would look very much like another. “Now suppose she saw him come through Melhorne’s window after she left it. It wouldn’t have to be Melhorne; he might have been sleeping so soundly anybody could come through his room. “But Barbara West would be afraid it was Melhorne. The protective instinct comes to the fore. “She actually didn’t have to tell us anything, but she didn’t know how much we knew; and she decided to estab- lish an alibi for him. So, she says he was fast asleep. “But the time element doesn’t jibe. She and the admiral may have seen two different persons.” “One of them Thorpe,” Evelyn said. “Exactly! And the other—the murderer!”	> * RADIO USS CONSOLATION ELEVENTH 1242 BT PRIORITY TO COMMANDANT NINETEENTH NAVAL CONSOLATION ANCHORED AT SCENE STARFISH. SAL- VAGE OPERATIONS 1239. STANDING BY. MCKEE. TOD 1251. CHAPTER X THE DEED WAS ON ICE THE old Navy custom of a brisk walk on the quarterdeck after the midday meal sent Vince Ayres topside. A man could think better up here, too. But there was the distraction of the Algonquin, tossing on the swells less than a quarter of a mile away, her small, cluttered deck showing a bustle of activity. She put out a motor sailer, and two stretcher cases were taken aboard the hospital ship. Divers: suffering from the bends despite hours in the salvage tug’s decompression chamber. Vince watched them grimly, remembering that Mike Way wanted to dive. A shadow fell across the rail, and he looked up to see the big, ugly chief. Mike Way saluted. “Doctor, sir,” he began, “I thought maybe you’d be wanting to talk to the captain. I heard what Thorpe said—about him drinking.” “Yes.” Vince nodded. “I’m going to ask him a few questions.” “Could I go along, sir? I know a little—about that bottle.” Vince turned toward the hatch. “No time like now, Chief. Come on.” They descended two ladders. Vince said: “I haven’t had an opportunity to discuss this thing with you. But I’d like to know something about the feuds, the grudges—that seemed to exist on the Starfish. “I know about Thorpe and McQuaid, of course. What were the others?” Mike Way’s blue eyes were honest. He said, “Well, of course Mr. McQuaid was sore at the captain. But that would have wore off. The captain may not wear an Academy ring, sir, but he’s a real skipper if there ever was one, and he’d have had Mr. McQuaid eating out of his hand in an- other couple of weeks—and liking it.” “Go on,” Vince said. “That’s all, doctor. Except Cardoni. I wouldn’t call that a grudge. Cardoni was out of his head when he took that poke at Mr. McQuaid. He’d have realized in a little while that the lieutenant was only doing his duty when he shut that door.” 64TXOW about the two civilians, Bedell and Melhorne? Any resentment toward McQuaid, or anybody else, shown by them while they were on the bottom?” “No, sir,” Mike Way said positively. “They acted like white men. All the way through.” The pair came to Everett Brill’s room. A sailor wearing a duty belt was stationed outside— the Consolation carried no Marines—and even before the sentry had unlocked the door Vince could hear Brill’s caged, restless pacing. The submarine commander turned quickly as they en- tered. His iron gray head thrust forward, and hope leaped into his eyes. Vince said, “There’s no word, yet, Lieutenant. They’re still working. I came down to ask you a few question.” “If I could just be down there with them!” Brill said brokenly. “If I could help, some way! I thought perhaps they’d let me go over to the Algonquin, and—” He spread his hands helplessly, but he began talking again before Vince could say anything. “Why am I under arrest, doctor? Regulations say an officer must be informed of the charges against him. Are there any charges?” “I don’t know any more than you do,” Vince said. “Just that the order came from the commandant of Nineteenth Naval District.” “If it’s because of the murder,” Brill declared, “that’s one thing; and if it’s because I lost the Starfish, that’s an- other. I’ve got a right to know! ” TT was easy to see that he considered a murder charge trival compared to an accusation of negligence in the submarine disaster. He was still a dazed, harried man. “Lieutenant,” he said, “I have to ask you some questions that bear on the McQuaid killing. They go back to the Starfish, however. I’ve learned that McQuaid apparently had some sort of row with you, and that he entertained the idea you’d been drinking.” Brill stiffened. “That was between- Mr. McQuaid and myself. There was friction, yes.” “But the suspicion that you were intoxicated—” “I wasn’t, of course,” Brill snapped. Then he smiled without mirth. “It was a silly thing, and could have been explained in a minute, if I hadn’t been bullheaded enough to believe that no junior officer was entitled to an explana- tion! “I had a bad cough, as you know. The pharmacist’s mate had fixed me some cough medicine. Let’s see: terpin— terpin, something.” “Elixir of terpin hydrate?” “That was it. I wanted to carry the bottle in my pocket, so I poured it into a small flask—a fiat, half-pint bottle. There was no label on the bottle, doctor, but that was nobody’s business, either. “I guess the stuff has a pretty high alcoholic content.32 ARGOSY Enough to smell. The odor is something like liquor—or, rather, like a liqueur might have.” “That’s true,” Vince said. “The pharmacist’s mate could have explained.” “He was—one of those men caught aft,” Brill said; and once more the Starfish and her men oytweighed every- thing else in his mind. Mike Way broke the grim silence. “I took that bottle out of the captain’s pocket, sir. When we hoisted him up the hatch. I thought—” “Look here, Chief!” Brill exclaimed. “Are you the man who struck me there in the darkness?” The torpedoman grinned his hearty approval of that blow, but shook his head. “No, sir. I don’t know who did that, Captain. But I took the bottle, and dropped it behind the torpedo rack. “That’s one reason I’d like to dive, Dr. Ayres. I want to get that downhaul cable secured, and I want to tell the crew, of the rescue bell to have somebody bring up that bottle!” “You’ll wait,” Vince said grimly. “There are other divers in the outfit. ‘Well, Lieutenant, that’s all I have to bother you with just now. “I might ask you the one question we are all asking. Have you any idea who might have had reason to kill McQuaid?” Brill looked at him squarely. “I have not, doctor. I can’t conceive of anybody—any man who was in my ship— dreaming of doing such a thing. And I can see no reason for it.” AS Vince and Mike Way climbed the ladders, the big chief swore softly. “Of all the dumb tricks!” he ex- claimed. “I thought I was doing the skipper a favor by ditching that bottle. I knew Mr. McQuaid had out the old squirrel rifle for him, and he looked kind of red in the face, and—” “I understand,” Vince said as the chief halted lamely. There was a loyalty here that transcended rank; it played a large part in making the Navy what it was. “It was a fever, Chief. He was ill, not drunk. He should have turned in on the sick list instead of taking that ship out for trials.” But there was the testimony young John Thorpe would give to the board investigating the Starfish disaster: I saw the captain drinking from a bottle ... Whether he had been placed in custody because of the murder or because of the loss of his ship, Brill was in a tight spot. .* RADIO USS SOLACE ELEVENTH 1350 BT SIItfMONS INTELLIGENCE NINETEENTH NAVAL BT PLEASE CHECK FINANCIAL STATUS WESTCO IRON WORKS AND PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION POSSIBLE ON VICTOR MELHORNE AND FOSTER BEDELL OF THAT FIRM. ALSO CHECK FILES NEWSPAPER MORGUE FOR STORY AND PHOTO BARBARA WEST, DAUGHTER MARTIN WEST. BT VTNCE AYRES. TOD 1358. THE afternoon seemed to be dragging so far as produc- tive results were obtained in Vince’s questioning; but Admiral Wetherbee—Vince made up his mind he’d visit the old sea dog later in the day—sent in a copy of the latest entry in his log. And this offered the only seemingly logical explanation of a matter that had been puzzling Vince and others. It happened that he was discussing this phase of the case at the time, while examining Cardoni. The dark-faced machinist’s mate was ill at ease, still grief-stricken and shocked, and very contrite. “I know it looks bad for me, doctor,” he mumbled. “Jeez! I kept sounding off about how I wished the lieutenant would check out because—because he was the one that shut that door. But I didn’t mean anything. I didn’t mean what I said.” “I understand that, Cardoni,” Vince said gravely. He glanced at Evelyn, who was recording the testimony, and suddenly asked: “How’s your arm? Did it pain you last night?” “A little, sir. But they gave me a shot—in the good arm. Oh, it hurt some, but I slept. I was about pooped.” “You slept soundly, then?” Cardoni looked wary. “I didn’t leave my bunk, sir; not till they broke us out to say that Mr. McQuaid had been killed.” “You didn’t hear anything, or see anybody in the hall? Your door was shut?” “Yes, sir, it was. I didn’t hear a sound. I’ve been think- ing it was funny: me right across the hall from the lieuten- ant’s room, and not hearing the—whoever it was—slugging him. “Before I went to sleep, I heard him mumbling a couple of times. About that smell.” The hospital corpsman came in just then, and handed Vince a sheet of paper. He looked at it and smiled. The admiral had sent the logbook itself, last time. “I wonder if Admiral Wetherbee’s making some private entries, to be made public later?” Vince chuckled. “This is just a portion of today’s log. All right, Cardoni, that’ll do. Let’s go out and read this to everybody, Miss Brill.’"' BARBARA West’s expression was scornful when Vince announced that he had more notes from the admiral’s log. It was Melhorne’s turn to look bored. 0930 Proceeding to scene of salvage operations. Navigator on bridge, standard speed. Wind, Force Five, Sta moderate. Starboard leg in drydock as before. . . . 1000 Proceeding with murder investigation. Dispatched urgent priority radio messages Nineteenth naval. 1029 Understand, now, why murder blows were not heard. Must question CARDONI. Perhaps he remembers now what took place as submarine went down by stern. Must examine Captain’s log of STARFISH. The reason— Cardoni interrupted. “I can’t tell the admiral anything, doctor!” And Barbara West fumed: “Isn’t this a lot of drivel, Dr. Ayres? I’m sure all of us would like to get to the bottom of this affair, but it appears to me that this so-called log is nothing more than the musings of a meddling old man!” Vince silenced her with a look. He said, “Please listen to this. I think you’ll agree that it’s an instance of very shrewd deduction—” The reason nobody heard murderer’s blows may be ac- counted for by the possibility that they were synchronised exactly to the blows of'the hospital corpsman who was chop- ping ice for Lieut. McQUAlD’S ice cap, in the adjacent diet kitchen. This was at approximately 2356. . . . (To Be Continued Next Week)When the white world is flashing past you at seventy miles an hour and your skis are ready to ride the wind—that’s no time to think of yesterday’s fear Tria By Thunderbolt By Clark Bodey Author of "Kid Calamity," "Stars in My Crown," etc. WE JUST stood there, all ten of us, gazing up at Mann Hill with our mouths wide open. I remem- ber it was bitter cold, for the smoke plumes of our breath hung in the frozen air and I thought: We’re like a pack, waiting for the stranger to show how brave he is. He’ll always be an outsider until he can make us respect him in some way. Far up on the snowy slope of Mann Hill we saw the small dark figure of the lone skier thrust his sticks down hard. The wind had scoured the mountainside and left a wind-board crust. Now Nels Nelson executed a jump-turn and then, sticks trailing, he crouched and began the swift descent. My heart began to pound. Nelson was rushing down that slope faster than any of us had ever dared to take it. He dipped, rose, dipped again. He rose to a slight up-run and then seemed to gain new momentum as he hit the last sharp, swift drop to the base of the hill. There were the two red flags which Oscar Troll—the new Austrian coach of skiing at Yarnell—had thrust into the snow. Nelson would have to swing between those two flags with a stem-Christy, to finish with a quick tempo-turn at the last flag. It had to be good or he’d crash into that stone wall at the end of the orchard. I was scared. Plenty scared. nPWENTY minutes before, Nels had come flashing down that same slope at a speed none of us had ever at- tempted. He ended his run with a quick jump-turn—a hard thrust of the sticks, a leap and turn in the air with skis parallel and at right angles, braking in a spume of snow. “Mein Gott!” Oscar had whispered. “How he can do that one!” We—the rest of the Yarnell ski squad—looked at one another and didn’t speak. That praise, coming from Oscar at that moment, probably did more to make Nelson an out- sider than anything he could have said. You’ll understand how we felt: Most of us had prac- tically grown up on skis. Mel Harris, our star, was rated one of the best downhill-run skiers in the East. And now a tall, pale-faced, lanky Swede from the West was out- shining us in our own New England. At Oscar’s remark, I saw anger stirring in Mel’s cheeks. His dark, lean face with its high cheekbones showed ani- mosity, and I knew that from that moment he and Nels would be enemies. “Lucky run, that’s all,” he said. “Let him try it again!” Oscar said, “Maybe—again, then.” Nels came running along in an easy one-two step on the level snow. The way he thrust his sticks into the snow and glided along showed me he’d been on skis since he was knee-high to a juniper. “Nice run,” I said. As captain of the squad I always tried to smooth over all breaches of good ,feeling on the team. “Oscar would like you to try that again, Nels. This time finish with a stem Christy and a tempo—” Nels looked at me soberly. “I try it, Reed.” 33 AHGOSX—MARCH 2234 ARGOSY He was one of those tall, rawhide-muscled youngsters who don’t look strong but who can probably outrun a horse. I’d liked him the first day he had reported for ski training in the fall. And, in a way, I’d felt sorry for him too. He hung about on the edge of all the kidding talk that went on, his eyes friendly and wanting recognition. But there was something about his flat, pale face with its shock of blond hair topping it that the fellows didn’t warm up to. He didn’t fit in. He wanted to, desperately. And the more he tried, the more he got the cold shoulder. The first time I saw Nels on skis I felt a strange excite- ment about the skill he shoWed. We needed a good down- hill-run man, and this stranger from Montana had the look of a champion. It was Mel who shot the barb twenty minutes before that made me wonder if Nelson might be so good after all. “Next time,” he had sneered, “do an Immelmann turn. We like flashy stuff, you know!” It was plain that Nels had thought the senior meant that for a compliment. He wasn’t used to sarcasm. “Oh, that wasn’t much,” he said softly. “I’ve been doing jump turns ever since I was a kid. This hill isn’t anything to some of the hills I’ve done in the West.” He meant that. Honestly, and without boasting. But to Mel it was like a kick in the teeth; he lost his temper then, and the damage was done. “High-hatting us, eh?” he said darkly. “You don’t really know what tricky skiing is. You’d better watch out or you’ll smear your brains over a stone wall—that one at the bottom of the hill!” “Oh, dry up, Mel,” I snapped. “Go ahead, Nels. Take the run again and forget what these yaps say!” But Nels had suddenly grown pale. He leaned there a moment on his ski sticks and looked as though he’d caved in in the middle. His face was pasty-white, his lips moved jerkily, and his blue eyes stared back in sudden horror at the run he’d just made at express-train speed. “Yes—yes, of course I’ll go,” he said. He started back up the hill. But the old confident swing he had shown was gone. He acted as if he was afraid— and that, on the last steep slope down to the stone wall, would be suicide. TVTOW I saw him come flashing down the last steep incline ■*- ’ like a bullet, and I said a prayer for him. He’d been scared when he climbed the hill—he was scared now. But I found myself thinking: If he can do Mann Hill as fast as he did before, what can he do in the downhill cham- pionship run on the Thunderbolt? He seemed to be making good time—as good as he had made on the first part of the run. He rocketed out of the last turn at close to fifty miles an hour; he approached the first flag. I heard Oscar groan aloud, in disgust. Nels, in a spray of flying snow, had suddenly stemmed his speed. He shot in and out of the first curve in the slalom with his speed cut in half. The tempo turn he made in the last quick, lithe shifting of weight was a mere carbon copy of that first magnificent descent. Don’t ask me to explain how we felt. There’s something about a good fast descent on a pair of skis that t^kes your breath away. You feel like you’re flying—shooting down through the snowy woods or out onto an open slope at close to fifty miles an hour. The man who can do it never slows his speed any more than necessary. And with Oscar, I knew, a trick like that was unforgivable. And now Nels had suddenly pulled a stunt that not even a novice would have thought of doing. 'When he came running up, his skis slithering in the snow, Oscar bristled his stubby mustache and growled, “Not so good. Tomorrow, maybe again.” And he walked off with his stiff Austrian back showing how angry he was. Two faint spots of color burned in Nelson’s cheeks. I felt sorry for him, the way he looked off after the squad which had turned its back on him and was stringing across the snow toward the gymn. He had wanted to do that slalom a second time, yet he’d muffed it. But why? In some way Mel’s remark had frightened him. Was he really yellow? Kicking off my-skis, I stood up. “I’m going home in a few minutes, Nels—as soon as I’ve had a shower. I’ll walk over with you.” There was a gleam of something resembling gratitude in those washed, pale-blue eyes. He tried to make his voice non-committal as he nodded and turned away. “Sure,” he said. TTE WAS waiting for me when I came out. And I noticed that none of the rest of the fellows said anything to him as they went past. He just stood there, his hands thrust into his pea-jacket, his eyes hurt and troubled. “Look, Nels,” I began. “Yarnell’s not had a champion ski team in a long time. Last season rifled .us of all good material; there are only three men who show anything like championship form this season. You’re one of the three.” I’d expected gratitude. But Nels merely said, “Thanks,” in a toneless voice and stared off morosely at the white slopes of Mann Hill. I tried to figure what he was thinking. “Look,” I said. “If you can keep Mel Harris off your mind we’ll get somewhere. You know scrapping never helps a team—and you know Oscar Troll is the best coach in the East.” Again Nels nodded. His face was still solemn. “I know.” “You stemmed all your speed on that last run,” I said, thinking maybe I could help him. “Was anything wrong?” “No—” and this time there was even more hesitancy in his voice. “Nothing is wrong.” There wasn’t any use pressing him, I could see that. And so I left him at the corner. He murmured something about some school work and left me standing there, staring after him. The cold seemed to get right down inside my bones. I shivered. He walked off with his skis tucked under his arm. They were home-made skis, and I’d taken the time to admire them the first day he’d come out for practice on Mann Hill’s lower slopes. “I used to run the mail up through to a couple of logging camps in the mountains,” he told me, his blue eyes shy and hesitant. “In summer I rode horseback, but in winter it got pretty deep—drifted too much for a horse. So I skied. And I kept thinking about coming East to school— it was something I’d always wanted to do. Pretty soon, I had enough money saved so I could.” It was all pretty interesting to me. But to some of the rest of the fellows on the team it seemed a little naive, per- haps. Mel had snorted in glee at the stranger’s homemade walnut runners. “Maybe they aren’t such a good-looking pair,” NelsTRIAL BY THUNDERBOLT ended in confusion. “But I’ve sort of got used to them now. I thought maybe I could help out a little on the team this year.” “You can,” I said. And now I’d just seen what he could dp on Mann Hill. To tell the truth, I wasn’t so sure I’d done the right thing in encouraging Nels. And yet I hated to see a man with the rhythm, speed and coordination that he showed suddenly lose his nerve and quit trying. Why? That was what puzzled me. T WAS still thinking about it that weekend when we got together for the cross-country run over Bald Knob. It was a clear, cold day. One of those crystalline days when you can see fifty miles, and when everything seems to be sharp and etched on your memory afterward. That’s the way I remember that afternoon and Nels Nelson’s part in it. It" is sharp in my memory—and yet somehow unreal. As usual, I led the way. But before long I dropped back to watch the rest of the team come stringing past down the snowy slope. Mel Harris was running easily in the lead, his skis stirring a fine spindrift of hard snow. And then, at the rear, Nels came running along. For the moment, I’d forgotten what poetry in motion a real ski run could be like: with the even forward thrust of the pole to shoot you forward and the sweet glide of the runners over the pure white cloud of rising and falling slopes. But looking at Nels brought it all back to me; never before or since have I seen such beautiful rhythm, such perfect control of the polished and waxed runners. So long as Nels was on the level he was all right, j He didn’t see me now, but went on by with a strange keen pleas- ure evident in his face. The descent of Bald Knob is a series of terraced slopes all the way to Spring Creek where a low stone wall sep- arates the pasture from the road. Mel took the slope first. I could see him flying down with the swift rush of an eagle into the turns between the clumps of alders, riding the slopes like a driven bolt of blue. The last of the run was a sharp pitch and most of the fellows, I knew, would take the road in a swift jump- turn. But not Mel. He took the jump with a beautiful Geldndesprung—a swift downward thrust of the sticks, and then I saw his lean form shoot across the stone bar-, rier at unslackened speed. He’d learned that trick in Austria. A pretty bit of skiing, but useless. E FOLLOWED Mel’s path down, pretty much. One by one the fellows dropped off swiftly down into the valley until only Nels and I were left. He had come up last, and when I looked at his face I thought he seemed pale. “Go ahead,” I said. Nels shook his head. “I’m a little winded. You take it first.” I shrugged. And then, with a shove, I was off down the slope. The snow was almost dry—not too powdery but slightly moist—so that Bald Knob was like a greased bil- liard ball. The snow hissed from my runners, stung my face. I began to pick up speed, and at that instant a strange ex- hilaration began to stir in my blood. Don’t ask me to ex- plain it—skiing is something like gliding. It gets in your blood, to see the snowy woods rushing up to meet you. A second later I was shifting weight, twisting, turning, shoot- ing in and out among those dense, snow-covered alders. Forty, fifty, fifty-five miles an hour with only those waxed, polished runners beneath your feet. Something caught at my throat, my eyes. Tears, blinded by the swift rush of cold air, blurred my vision. I saw the stone wall rushing up to meet me; I made a jump-turn and slithered to a stop beside Mel Harris. “Where’s Nelson?” he asked. I shook my head, blink- ing the tears back. “I don’t know,”'l said, and turned to look back up the slope. We saw the lanky Westerner still standing there. How long he’d been there, trying to force himself to the descent, I didn’t know. But the sight of him standing on the top of that snowy hill gave me a sinking sensation in the pit of my stomach. Suppose he did lose his nerve and crack up— not on this slope but on Tuckerman’s or kter on the Thunderbolt . . . “There he comes!” somebody said. The next instant Nels was flashing in and out of those clumps of alders. I saw a spray of snow shoot up whenever he stemmed to brake his speed. It was clear he was taking no chances. Finally, he shot out onto the lower slope, directly toward that low, snow-covered stone wall. “He’d better try the golf course,” Mel laughed shortly. “If it’s coasting he wants.” “Shut up!” I snapped. “Look, he doesn’t see that wall!” All the rest of us knew that wall. But Nels came gliding on down that last steep slope totally unaware of it. If he smashed into that at the speed he was going he’d break an arm or leg—or his neck. “He’ll take it,” I whispered to myself. “He’s got to—” Just then Nels saw that wall. Instead of executing a swift jump-turn, he suddenly knelt on one ski and, dragging the other, he slowed his speed in a telemark. I almost groaned aloud. He’d used a novice’s trick to keep from jumping that wall. I heard, Mel say in a satisfied tone, “Lost his nerve again. I don’t see why you keep that guy on the squad, Reed.” At that moment I couldn’t have told anyone just why I did, either. But you can’t kick a perfectly good skier off a team just because he funks a jump—and besides, I still felt that if I could get the key to that hidden fear in Nelson we’d see a champion in him. Now Nels came running up to the barbed-wire fence. He placed a hand on it and vaulted it easily skis parallel. It isn’t any easy trick to do that, and it convinced me that he was an expert. “What’s the matter?” Mel snickered. “Didn’t some- body tell you there was a stone wall at the bottom?” “I—I might have smashed into that stone walll” Nels said in a husky voice. Nobody said anything. You just don’t talk about things like that, usually. NEXT Saturday, we went up to Mt. Washington for a test run on Tuckerman’s Ravine. That is a stiff, dangerous slope and I felt a little thrill of fear when I looked up at that snowy headwall near the top. It was just far enough down so that if you spilled near the start you tumbled hundreds of feet to the bottom of the headwall.36 ARGOSY “Some run,” Mel said, staring up at the frosty skyline. “You taking it, Nels?” The lanky, blonde-haired Westerner shot him a keen glance. “Yes, of course,” he said. “I’ve done that sort of a slope before. I—” Mel gave a nasty laugh. “Don’t go on and tell us you’ve taken something twice as steep as that in the Rockies. Maybe you have, but they’re open slopes out there. Take that headwall up there now—you could smash your brains out on it. Anybody want to lay a bet on the fastest time?” There weren’t any, takers. Mel knew, and we all knew, that he would come flashing down the run in the best time. He was sure of it, just as he was sure of every run in the East. He’d been taking them ever since he was a kid. That, together with his schobling in the Arlsberg technique, made him invincible. “Come on,” I said. “Time we shove off!” While we climbed to the top I kept thinking about the look that had come to Nels Nelson’s eyes when Mel men- tioned the headwall. For a minute I was tempted to order Nels not to take the run that day. But I wanted that kid to whip whatever it was. If I’d known what it led to later I’d probably not have been so all-mighty sure that what I did was right. E REACHED the top. Far off to the north we saw the mountains, lying like black pencil marks on a gray horizon. Below us the slope dropped away in a swift, smooth whiteness-that was like the open mouth of a pit. “Fast today,” Oscar Troll said. He looked like a short, fat little gnome, with his cheeks shining with excitement and the exertion of the climb. He tightened his belt, tugged his cap on his head and gripped his sticks, tightening the rawhide thongs.	' “I go first,” he said. “At the bottom I time you. Mars, you follow me down.” The next instant he shot off down the slope. He seemed to drop like a plummet, crouched low as he shot into the first turn, snow spinning in a cloud from his skis. How that man could take the turns! He didn’t do a stem Christy when he could have. He did a tempo turn instead. It’s quite a trick—a crouch, a slight spring to unweight the skis- and then another twist and off again. From where we stood it seemed that Troll merely wriggled his hips and he had shot in and out of a turn at racing speed. The next minute the little Austrian was far down on the snowy slope. He stemmed his speed, raised his arm. . “Whew!” a skier said. “Can he take it!” The Westerner was staring down the descent, glassy- eyed. His lips were tense, white. “You’re next, Mars,” I told a husky little junior. “Don’t go hunting rabbits.” I whipped a flag down at the moment he shoved off. Far below, Oscar would squeeze his stop-watch. And then he’d write a record of each man’s run on the time-sheet. All nine of the fellows went down until only Mel Harris, the Westerner and myself were left. “You’re next,” Mel told Nels. “I’ll come along and pick up the pieces.” Nels tightened his grip on the sticks. “Okay,” he said. He was staring down at that snowy headwall, hundreds of feet below. He shifted the weight on his skis and seemed about to shove off. But then Mel laughed thinly and said something that changed everything. “A chap cracked up on that headwall last spring, so take it easy. It’d be a hard spot to reach to pull you out.” I saw Nels hesitate. He shot a startled .look at Mel and then drew back from the lip of the hill. “I—I’d just as soon go last,” he said. PERSONALLY,1 I’d have broken every bone in my body before I’d let Mel get away with that remark. But Nelson was fighting something he obviously couldn’t lick. I felt a little sick about it. With a contemptuous sneer, Mel shoved off. His skis slithered in the dry snow and shot up a little spray as he shunted into the first turn with a quick Christy. He wasn’t taking any chances. A minute later his rocketing figure whizzed down the slope and past Oscar Troll. “Good time,” I said. “But you can beat that and you know it.” “Maybe—” There wasn’t anything for me to do but lead the way. “Forget everything Mel said. He’s just a damn fool. This run should be kid’s work for you. Well, I’ll shove off. Good luck!” I didn’t think about Nels very long. That first swift rush of the slope picked me up as if I’d been shot from a rubber - band. A second later I was fighting to keep my feet, try- ing to keep from tumbling down into that threatening headwall. Knees locked tight together, hips swinging, I managed to make that first turn. But after that I didn’t dare try a tempo; I stemmed my speed and even when I shot into the open slope and saw Oscar and the rest waiting, I knew I’d made rotten time. “What’s the matter, Reed?” Mel laughed. “You got the jeebies from Nelson too? They’re catching, you know.” I laughed. But I wondered if maybe some of Nelson’s fear hadn’t filtered into the squad. Then I heard Mel whisper in a hushed, unbelieving sort of voice: “Good Lord, would you look at that! He’s climbing down!” We stared, all of us, up at that dangerous slope. Sure enough, coming down that steep slope with his skis slung over his shoulder, was the Westerner. Right then I felt ashamed; ashamed for him. We were waiting for him, seated in the bus with the motor running, when he finally came up a good half hour later. There was a lot of talking going on but it was turned off like a tap when Nels poked his sticks and skis in the door. He took a seat without saying a word. I’m afraid I kept from looking at him by staring hard out of the steamy window. T)UT still he didn’t give up. There was some strange streak in the Westerner that never let him quit—even when he must have hated himself and us for what we had witnessed.	/ That Friday when we had a steak fry up at an old log- ging camp in the woods he came along. It was one of those team affairs—a sort of exclusive party just for team men. We always had it just before the downhill championship. There was a big fire roaring up the chimney, and steaks were sizzling on the iron grille over the coals—and thereTRIAL BY THUNDERBOLT 37 sat Nelson at one side, without a word or a look from any- one, just staring into the fire. I remember that I tried to draw him out. But he an- swered in monosyllables and pretty soon I gave, up trying. About ten-thirty we started back. There was a slight film of hard snow on top of a previous fall of soft snow/so that spots were dangerous going. *We trailed out, skiing fast and recklessly down that old logging road that twisted down the mountainside. Mel, as usual, was leading. I was next and trailing the whole team came Nels. Halfway down the trail it happened. There’s a big rock at the bend, and a nasty curve. If you hit that going thirty miles and upward per hour you’re apt to do damage. It was Mars who crashed into it full tilt. I heard the spill, and knew Mars was hurt badly when I got back to where he lay crumpled in a queer position against the rocks. His skiis were twisted; one was broken off short. “It’s my hip,” he said. “I can’t move at all. I feel awfully funny inside too.” There was nothing to do about moving him. We had to have a doctor and have him quick. Now, with the crowds coming into town for the weekend skiing and the downhill championship runs, there should be a doctor at the tavern. “We’ve got to get somebody up right away from the village,” I said. “The quicker the better.” I remember looking down at the ravine at our feet. It is one of those rocky, tree-spotted gashes in a hillside that an expert skier could take—if he was in a hurry. We all of us looked at it a second. We were all thinking the same thing. Somebody had to make that descent. That was why, when Nels spoke up in a tense voice, we all turned to stare at him. “I’m going down. Maybe there’ll be a doctor handy. I’ll bring him up the logging trail.” He dropped off down that black ravine like a shadow, his sticks trailing and his lean body crouched for a sharp turn whenever a tree, rock or stump crashed up at him out of the darkness. I shivered, looking down into that silent, snowy void where Nels had disappeared.. In a way I felt guilty, for I was sure he’d taken this al- most suicidal run down the mountain in a desperate effort to regain our respect. T)UT then Mars groaned, and we forgot everything ex- cept trying to make him comfortable. It got colder. The moon, which had been out when Nels started now slid under a cloud. Things looked desperate. “Maybe he’s cracked up,” I said, thinking of Nels. “More likely, he’s climbing down,” Mel said, standing up and clamping his rawhide thongs about his hands. “I’ll take the logging trail and bring a doctor back up to the sta- tion at the foot of the hill.” There was nothing else to do. Presently, we managed to get Mars eased onto a stretcher made of our coats and skis. It was clumsy, but we did get him down to the station where we found Mel a half-hour later with a doctor. “Put the man down over here,” said the doctor in a soft voice. I started, and then stared openly at the little man with the black case. He was a twisted, deformed man who had clearly suffered some sort of an injury to. his spine in his youth. But it was his face I stared at; he was somehow strange- ly familial. I had seen those quiet blue eyes, those tense lips somewhere before. But where? He moved quickly, silently, as he eased Mars into a sort of comfort. His leg was broken, close to the knee. But no worse injuries. “This man might have contracted pneumonia,” the doc- tor said, looking up a moment later. “Why wasn’t he brpught down the mountainside sooner?” It was Mel who spoke the truth. He said, “We sent somebody. But he got scared probably. Tried to save his own neck, I guess.” At that instant we heard a sound in the waiting room door. We whirled, and saw Nels Nelson standing there. He must have heard every word we had said. For an instant his eyes rested on us, taking in the glow- ing, cherry-red stove behind us, the injured man on the bench. Then he spoke, not to us, but to the doctor. “Hello, Sven,” he said softly. His blue eyes wavered. He stood there, his-face scratched and caked with blood, his coat torn to ribbons. He stood there dumbly, while we all witnessed his disgrace. For in one hand he held a pair of skis—neither apparently injured in the slightest. That meant he’d taken them off. He’d failed again. “Hello,-Nels,” the doctor said, and stood up, as erect as he was able to stand. And then I got it. This was Nels’ brother. “You better let me fix you up,” Sven Nelson said now. “You look like you need a little attention.” But Nels shook his head bitterly and turned quickly back into the night. The next instant he was gone. And then I was following him, running through the cold, frosty air, trying to overtake the lanky figure who stumbled blind- ly on toward the dormitory—alone. TT WASN’T until we reached the room that I caught up with him. I saw then that tears stood in his eyes. His face was filled with suffering. I said: “Forget it, Nels. Things like that are bound to happen. Mars will be all right. And you won’t have to take the downhill tomorrow if you don’t want to.” He looked at me, dumbly. And then he started to talk. “But I’ve got to,” he said. “I’ve got to! Don’t you see how it is? Sven came to see me do it. He’d never under- stand if I backed out now. He’s counted on me being a great skier, like he was—” “Your brother—a skier?” Nels looked at me. There was a desperate note of pride in his voice as he said: “Sure—Sven Nelson. Everybody knew him twenty years ago!” The name clicked then. Sven Nelson, the world’s cham- pion in the ski jump. Of course I’d heard that name be- fore. He’d set a world’s record for the jump—a record for skiers to shoot at for over a quarter of a century. But how could the great champion be this crippled man from Montana? Nels read the question in my eyes. He said, “Yes, he is the same man. He was hurt after he came to this country. He smashed in a pile of rocks. I was just a kid then, but I remember. He was brought home, hardly alive—he never could ski again.” He paused, and I read the torture in his eyes. When he was excited, too, he lapsed into his strong dialect. “Sven want me to become a champion—to carry on. He send me here to be a champion like he was. I come East, where I will not be known. Maybe I can make good—but now—”38 ARGOSY I didn’t speak after that. There wasn’t anything I could say—truthfully. Nels alone would have to erase the shame of refusing that dangerous trip down the ravine when an- other man’s life was at stake. It was up to Nels now. I doubted if he’d ever ski again. fpHAT’S why I wasn’t prepared for the shock of seeing him that next afternoon when we gathered on top»of Greylock at Thunderbolt Run. There _were skiers from every college in the East—champions, amateurs, onlook- ers. A colorful, exciting crowd of thousands had strung out along the entire course of Thunderbolt. We were all gathered there, when suddenly I saw Nels come up the last steep grade with his skis on his shoulders. His face was set and pale except for two red spots of color burning in either cheek. “NelsI” I called, and when he stopped I said in a low voice: “You don’t have to take this run, you know. We’ve got plenty of men on the squad—” He turned to look at me. I noticed for the first time that he was patched up. A long, ugly scar had been opened in last night’s wild run down the ravine. There was something in his dull blue eyes that made me shiver. “I’ve got to,” he said. He had kept saying that to him- self, over and over, I felt. And he pushed past to report to the judges. It was a few minutes later that my name was called. My turn to take the Thunderbolt. OKIING people talk about vertical descents and max- ^ imum grades. Well, Thunderbolt can be described as being 1.55 miles with a racing trail 1 mile and 350 yards long. That describes it as perfectly as saying a West In- dian hurricane is a strong wind. I shoved off. The wind began to whistle in my ears and the woods seemed to start slipping by on two fast-spinning wheels. Those black blurs on the woods were spectators. I never knew how I made those first slopes. But I do remember suddenly coming out into the end of the trail and facing a sheer, white drop that looked like the end of the world. The steepest—and worst—of the Thunderbolt. Sixty—sixty-five miles an hour. My breath was painful, my whole body ached with the effort of keeping upright on that racing, shifting field of snow. And then, suddenly, I was over the finish line. Tears were streaming down my cheeks. I heard the spatter of ap- plause as I stemmed, made a jump-turn and came running back to where the Yarnell squad waited. “Good enough, Reed,” Mel said, looking pleased. “My record is the best for the afternoon so far—looks like we’ll cinch it sure!” He meant all right, Mel did. But he is one of those fel- lows who can’t think beyond himself. So I said: “One more man to come. Nels is coming down!” I couldn’t resist that thrust. Mel’s jaw fell. Then he snorted. “That guy won’t make it. He’s yellow—” A voice at our elbows said softly, “I don’t think so. Nels may surprise you.” I turned. It was Sven Nelson. I started to apologize, but he waved a hand at me for silence. He went on, “You didn’t give him a chance to tell you that he took the wrong ravine last night. He tried to get down a strange, wooded hill he’d never traveled before. That was why he was so late—” “He’s started!” somebody shouted. T KNEW what he would be feeling; and I knew that only two of us really knew the fear he felt as he flashed down those upper slopes. Myself and Sven. Would he spill on those nasty turns? Spill and crash into those trees at sixty miles an hour? I glanced at Sven. He was staring with pale blue eyes up at the snowy slopes. Wondering—praying for the lone skier who came shooting in and out of those twisting turns. Perhaps remembering the time he had crashed. And then we could see Nels. He came rocketing into a turn at dizzy speed. Even far below, we could see the snow spume from his skis. We saw him snap in and out of a turn with a quick tempo turn that seemed only to increase his speed. My throat was dry, and I know that I was gripping someone’s arm—Sven’s arm—with aching fingers. For the worst part of the run still lay ahead of Nels. It all happened in less time than it takes to tell. Nels shot in and out of the last turn. Now he faced the last steep slope before the finish line. I heard the crowd groan. Nels had swayed dangerously near to the side, of the run. He caught himself; a second later he was rocketing down that snowy slope. He came faster than any skier I ever have seen take Thunderbolt before or since. He seemed to actually be fly- ing. His lean body humped low, sticks trailing—racing downward at a mile a minute. The next instant he had rocketed across the finish line. I heard the roar of the crowd and knew that Nels had set a new record. But the next instant that same roar grew to a shriek of dismay. Somehow, in some manner, two children had broken from the line and were racing across the intervening open space where Nels now shot like a bullet. They stood, petrified with fear, and then broke and ran. One started directly jcross his path. “Look out!” To crash into those youngsters would mean injury to Nels or to them. Yet they were moving, and a moving mark was not easy to avoid. While we watched Nels did the only thing that saved them. He thrust his sticks forward and leaped, bringing his skis up under him as he did so. His speed rocketed him up and over the youngsters—a beautiful Galdndesprung. The next instant Nels was running up to us while the crowd, prepared for tragedy, suddenly began to laugh. The children were being brushed off the course by indignant officials. Sven was waiting. I felt a little tremor of pride in his voice as he said: “You did it. Ever since you had the nerve to go down that ravine on that dark night I knew you weren’t afraid— not really afraid.” Nels said, “I am glad. It is not so bad, that Thunder- bolt. By golly, I think maybe I take it again!” I think Mel Harris voiced all our feelings when he pushed forward and took Nels’ hand. “Let me shake first, will you Nels? Some of us sort of got things mixed up about you. They didn’t know a cham- pion when they saw one.” Nels said, “It’s okay. Excuse me now and I’ll take this run again.”	; . He did, but he really didn’t need to. His first trip down Thunderbolt set a record that we’re still shooting at. Some- how, I hope we never better it.G unswift By Jack Byrne THE sinister mystery of Triangle Town centers around the year-old murder of rancher Matt McHale. Since his death his Rocker-M herd has been ripped to nothing by rustlers; and his daughter, Mary Ellen McHale, is left with- out an inheritance, befriended only by Dr. George Farabaugh. Then Mary Ellen finds a new ally in Cass Gentry, profes- sional gunhand, who comes to Triangle with his partner, Swifty Ogden. Gentry is impressed by the trustworthiness of Dr. Farabaugh; of Frank Irish, the shrewd banker; and of Abel Bannister, a rancher. Moreover, Gentry cannot bring himself to blame the McHale murder on Ollie Shand, a rustler who is the chief suspect; for Shand saves the lives of Gentry and Ogden. But quite obviously Vic Barth, the deputy, is somehow involved in Triangle’s skullduggery; and so is beefy Wash Parsons, the mayor. Then, too, there is Martin Bur- • dette, the smooth young lawyer, once Mary Ellen McHale’s fiance; he has some place in the dark pattern. And there are two other mysteries which may or may not be important. What is the Englishman, Talbot, doing in town? Who supplies the drunken Duke Costello with money? \ AT a nesters’ headquarters Gentry discovers Preacher Axton, cardsharp and confidence man; and Buck Chil- dress, a gunman whose brother Gentry killed several years before. Cass is*sure these men are in league with the rustlers who keep raiding the neighboring rangeland. It is in a fight with Buck Childress that Cass Gentry acci- This story began in the dentally shoots Queenie, the gunman’s woman. Because of that terrible error Gentry is branded a woman killer, and his enemies in Triangle busily stir up lynching talk. But that fever is forgotten when Triangle is faced with a new and particularly baffling tragedy. Mary Ellen McHale finds Ada Farabaugh, the doctor’s wife, strangled to death. This crippled and bitter woman has been a recluse for years, and the only apparent explanation of her murder is that she must have surprised a thief in the Farabaugh house. For Mary Ellen, who lives there, finds that her papers have been rifled. ... CHAPTER XXVI '•' 1 LET THE DYING SPEAK THE viciousness of the crime gave Mrs. Farabaugh’s death an importance that overshadowed all other hap- penings of the locality. Among the lesser items that were briefly mentioned in the morning forums along Wampum Street, however, were these details of various interest: The nester woman out at the Mills was still alive. Doc Farabaugh had reported that he was unable to remove the bullet. She had lost a lot of blood and her condition was bad. The next few days would tell. Martin Burdette was preparing a law-and-order petition to the governor, and would carry it to the capitol as soon / as enough legal voters had signed their names. As far as Martin knew, there’d been nothing of special importance among those papers of McHale’s that he’d turned over. They were chiefly business documents, bills and receipts and general records, and he couldn’t name a soul who might consider them valuable enough to steal- much less to murder for. Miz Mustache—you know, the gray house on Division Argosy for February 15 Vic Barth crashed through the door, his guns flaming40 ARGOSY Street—had collected herself another sick-case. She’d moved Duke Costello from his leaky shack into one of her rooms. Claimed he was dying, though everybody knew it was just another bout of the Duke’s delirious trembles. Old Doc Riggins wasn’t good enough for her, either. She’d called around on Farabaugh—him with his wife hardly cold yet!—and insisted he take a look at Duke. And doggpned if the doc didn’t do it! Abe Bannister had taken up headquarters in town. When Abe got the bit clamped in his teeth there was no stopping him. He had announced that his volunteers would ride the streets by night until all this mare’s nest was cleaned out, that Frank Irish had put up a thousand reward'for the capture of the killer, and that Triangle County would see what was meant by action before the moon was many days older. Meaning, of course, that when the right night rolled around he’d loose his vigilantes on the Devil’s Pocket. There were some who didn’t see eye-to-eye with Abe on Ollie Shand. What would Ollie have wanted of any old papers .McHale might have had? How could Ollie have picked the one exact hour when the doctor was off on a trip and Mary Ellen was at church? At the same time, more men were beginning to agree that stronghand methods were needed, and that those rustlers in the Pocket were as good a crowd as any to start with. For years that hideout had been a stink to honest men, and now might be a good ripe time to blast and burn ’em out of there. Old Bearpaw, that roustabout up to the Star Corrals, stood on the street and, just about blubbered last night. Claimed Miz Farabaugh mightn’t been killed if he’d been keeping watch like he was supposed to. He moved his bedroll into the doc’s stable and swore he’d never let Matt’s girl out of his sight again, day or night, from now on. Gentry? Yeah, he was still around. He would likely sing a softer tune hereafter though, seeing how almighty fast his bluff had been called in the Happy Hour. That girl saved his bacon, don’t let ’em tell you different. He was holed up now in that shack at the head of town, him and his dude-dressed amigo. That nester woman had missed him closer than he’d thought, as it turned out. Yep, her bullet had tickled a couple of his ribs. Small loss if she’d shot a little straighter. Triangle had guns enough of its own to handle its own problems. There was no need here for a woman-killing gunswift. SUCH was the trend of opinions and events in Triangle Town on the morning following Ada Farabaugh’s murder. Thus they continued, gaining momentum, until the morning of her funeral. They buried her on a gray Wednesday. The solemn procession that followed her coffin turned into Wampum Street shortly before noon. With a dismal pomp of creak- ing wheels, with horses plodding slow, the train of vehicles crawled on an avenue of grim quiet as bleak as the over- cast skies that hugged the hills. Past stores and buildings shuttered for an hour in respect. Past men who halted, suddenly hatless, and humble-eyed women who moved their hands in the symbol of that Great- est Death upon Mount Calvary. Up the path of sorrows, sadly winding, to the new brown grave in the field where green mounds sleep in a row. Cass Gentry stood at the edge of the road, where the wagon-yard of the Star Corrals marked the southern limit of town, and watched the snaking cortege dwindle. He turned to Swifty, shaking his head. “She don’t mind it,” said Swifty. “Poor woman, her pains are cured. Her trouble’s done.” “That’s one way to look at it,” Cass admitted somberly. “I was thinkin’, though, lookin’ up the street, that Trian- gle’s troubles are just begun.” “How so?” “Can’t you smell it, pardner? It was in the looks of that bunch that passed here a while ago. This town’s primed so high that' it’s got to explode. It’s in the air. “My skin feels the same gooseflesh prickles that comes over a herd when weather’s breedin’. It’s too damn’ quiet, Swifty, and the sky’s squeezed down too close.” “Been like that for days,” said Swifty. “Most likely it’s Bannister’s blow-off that’s due. There’s plenty on the street right now that didn’t ride to town for the funeral I noticed men cornin’ and goin’ all mornin’ long. There’s been all kinds of talk. “Feller was tellin’ me they aim to dynamite the pass, once the Pocket’s cleaned out; and fix it so the hideaway can’t never be used ag’in. Another said it was the plan to keep three-four men stationed in that territory hereafter, just as lookouts, to make certain no new bunch moves in. “Bannister’s mighty confident. They say he’s bribin’ in- formation from one of-Shg®d’s best men, and that he’s got a big-jawed trap all set to be sprung.” Cass nodded. “That’s what I know. He’s apt to cut loose mighty quick—tonight, tomorrow, any day—and spill the fat into the fire. Leastwise, that’s my hunch. I know he’s on the wrong trail, Swifty, but there’s no way I can steer him right. The way that things have switched around—our hands are tied.” “Suppose he does jump crosswise.” Swifty’s shoulders hunched. “What harm is that to you and me? He’s let us alone, ain’t he? We can do the same with him”—he grinned—“since there’s nothin’ else to be done.” “Yeah,” said Cass dully, “they’ve all let us alone. Best we can do, I reckon, is go back and polish the seat of our pants some more.” rPHEY cut across lots toward Bearpaw’s shack. Cass •*- walked with a certain stiffness because of the corset of bandages that compressed his upper chest. Except for an occasional twinge his ribs did not trouble him. As far as he was concerned, the cure was a bigger bother than the injury. Swifty, moving beside him, lifted a covert glance to his face. He couldn’t quite puzzle his partner out these last couple of days. Cass Gentry had never been what you’d call an easy book to read, but it appeared to Swifty that more of the pages had glued themselves together just lately. Cass seemed older somehow. Since the night of that shakedown at the Happy Hour he had taken on a look as solemn as an owl’s. Life was too short for that, Swifty thought. As far as Swifty was concerned, another real good bust of excitement would be welcome right now. A hair of the dog might be the medicine Cass needed. At the shack they ate a little meal. Cass sat on a box by the table, afterward, and rolled a cigarette. He stared at the window with that new-found frown of his and began to talk some more. The old Cass Gentry had never been long on palaver. He mostly did things and left it for other people to jaw ’em over later.GUNSWIFT 41 “The trouble with Bannister, Swifty,” he said, “is that he hops before he looks. He's inclined to the same mis- take I made of crowdin’ things too fast. I had good ad- vice about takin’ it slow, but I passed it by out at Burnt Mills. I upset the bucket. On top of that, the man that killed Miz Farabaugh spilled a whole damn’ ocean.” “I still can’t figger who it might been,” Swifty said. “Most ever’body I could suspicion is accounted for one way or another. You reckon it was some stranger, Cass? One of that bunch from the Mills, mebbe?” “I don’t know who and I don’t know why,” said Cass. “It beats me; Swifty . . . The hullabaloo that it raised, though,” he went on, explaining a situation that Swifty thoroughly understood, “has just about cooked our goose. It stirred too many tempers. The rats we got to smoke out are layin’ lower’n ever now.” “Yeah,” said Swifty, “like that bushwhacker of ours— that Tex Cordill. His body’s never been found and no- body seems to care a hoot what happened to ’im.” “That’s how it goes,” Cass agreed. “We got a big sack of suspicions but not a grain of proof amongst ’em. And when it comes to gettin’ proof we’re jammed both ways from taw. They’re too many and too watchful for us out at Burnt Mills. “If I start a move against Barth about that money, he lifted from Cordill—no, we could never force that angle. Wash Parsons might been made to squeal with the right kind of squeeze, but that’s too late now. He’d deny any deal with Childress, of course, and we couldn’t threaten the truth from him without runnin’ foul of Bannister’s vigilantes.” Was he trying to apologize or something, Swifty won- dered. Who’d ever expect to hear such mealy talk from Cass Gentry’s mouth?	t “Well, what about them new little angles?” Swifty asked. “How about that map Bearpaw found among the scatter of „ McHale’s papers? Anything to that?” rpHE map was a careful representation of the Rocker-M properties, including the free range in the valleys that McHale had claimed by right of usage. Eight inked squares had been sketched upon it, and notations in Matt McHale’s bold hand indicated these as the key segments of his freehold, the controls of water supply, winter grass, storm shelter. It was doggone funny, Bearpaw maintained, that the first homesteaders to push into the valleys had filed their claims on these identical sections. “It raises a lot of questions,” said Cass, “but it don’t prove none of ’em. I been givin’ some thought to that map.”- “You thought over my other notion—about Burdette, I mean? Suppose he bundled up some wrong papers into that batch. Suppose they was dangerous and he had to git ’em back. He waited his chance till the crippled woman was alone in the house—”	-• “Jt’s possible,” Cass admitted. “More sense in it than is in this Ollie Shand talk. There’s a man with brains behind this deal here^-a jigger who don’t miss many tricks. That’s what Bannister is too bullheaded to savvy. My idea is that certain people would be pleased to see the , vigilantes make fools of themselves in the Devil’s Pocket.” “That Englishman’s no fool,” said Swifty. “They say he carries a bale of that big-sized money of his that would choke a mine shaft. You recall what I told about him, don’t you?” “What’s that?” “Why, about that Man Friday of his. That brown- skinned cousin wouldn’t know a mineral pan from a skillet. Him and me has talked around, and he’s a cattle expert. He’s ’ead ’erdsman for ’Is Ludship back at ’<We. That’s how the feller shoots his lingo. “Anyhow, he says us Yankees don’t have the first idea how cattle should be raised. His family’s been at the job for hundreds of years, he says, and could give us cards and spades at it.” “Mebbeso,” said Cass. “Where’s that get us?” “It struck me as queer,” said Swifty. “This Talbot claims he’s a minin’ man, says he’s lookin’ for mineral properties, yet ever’time he rides to look around that brown-skin cowboss trails with ’im.” Cass frowned, shrugging. “Talbot’s dickerin’ with Frank Irish for minin’ lands. I heard he represented some British syndicate. If he’s got other notions—well, it’s a crazy way to do business.” “You never cherish none of my ideas,” said Swifty, wagging his head. “What’s our next move then?” “Nothin’,” said Cass. “We wait and see. Some twist is bound to develop, Swifty. If we happened to be a dif- ferent kind of men we’d sit and pray. As it is, we’ll just sit and give our luck a chance to turn.” This couldn’t be Cass Gentry, Swifty thought. Cass Gentry was the boy who always made his own luck. This gent across the table did resemble Cass, but all the same ... Swifty heaved a deep breath and reached for the casino deck. T^HEY sat and smoked and played listless cards while the -*■ hours passed. They talked about nonsense, yawning, and the mood of the shack was as blank and gray as the sunless weather. It was pointing toward five by Bear- paw’s tin clock when the luck turned. It was something like a man in a poker ^ame, Swifty thought, who made up his mind to draw a royal straight flush—and then drew itl Cass happened to spy her as she moved past the Star stable building. She approached the shack by roundabout, hoisting her skirts like any lady as she hurried through the grass. They were standing at the door when she came up, breathing quickly. “Please—” she said, glancing behind her, and they stood aside as she entered. “I had to com? myself,” said Madame Mustache, “be- cause I sent the boy away on a pretext. A friend of mine in the country will keep him at the ranch until tomorrow. The poor child does not know, of course, that his father is dying.”. “The Young ’Un?” Cass said, toning his voice to her semi-whisper. “Costello dyin’?” “With every .breath,” she said. She tapped the black silk of her breastbone. “He has known for years that his lungs would kill him. One more hemorrhage—” She fixed dark eyes on Cass. “I do not do this because of your over-gallant street rescue, Mr. Gentry. I know your purpose in that. “But you have been good to the boy. Also, I am sorry for that poor young Miss McHale. It might have been easier for Costello to die in silence, but I have convinced him that his story should be told.” Her glance moved quickly over the room. “Triangle Town has become a dangerous place,” she said. “I came42 ARGOSY here unnoticed, I hope, and you will be careful when you come to my house. I have a rear entrance which some of my callers prefer to use. I will watch for you there. “He is sleeping now, but in a few hours, in the early evening perhaps, in the dusk, you will come. Costello may be able to show you who robbed and murdered that peg- legged old hypocrite Matthew McHale.” CHAPTER XXVII THE MOURNING HOUSE FIVE o’clock, and the tall timepiece in Dr. Farabaugh’s hall bonged out the hour. The musk of the funeral flowers still faintly pervaded the house and the trailer of mourning crepe had not been removed from the main door. The doctor was in the kitchen with Maggie. He put a sealed envelope into her hands. “A little token, Maggie, in appreciation of your extra work, your special consideration, in these days since—” “Oh, no, Doctor! I only did what any decent woman— I couldn’t, Doctor—” “Put it away,” he said. “It’s scant pay for all your trouble. Don’t bother with supper. I’ve got to go out, and Mary Ellen can feed herself. Put on your hat now and go home and get some rest.” “It’s you who need the rest, doctor. If you’ve slept a wink these three days an’ nights I don’t know when it was.” He smiled faintly. “Go on with you now.” “I jist wanted to say, doctor—I had no chance before— that when all is considered, meanin’ no disrespect, the good Lord knows, she may be better off—” “Perhaps you’re right, Maggie. The body is a useless vessel unless the mind has something to live for.” He returned to his office. His deepset eyes traveled slowly around the shabby, redolent little room. He soothed long fingers over his forehead, drew them down with wip- ing motion across his bearded lips. There was a filing hook upon the wall above his desk and he fingered the strips of paper it held. Then he mounted the stairs to the upper floor, a somber black giant striding. IVTARY ELLEN was transferring an armload of clothes from the bureau to her bed. An open valise was on the table. She turned, faintly smiling, as he towered in the doorway. “Now my loneliness will be complete,” the doctor said. “It’s not easy to see you go, my dear. I should have dis- cussed it with you previously, but in the circumstances—” “I didn’t think of it myself until this morning,” she said. “Several of the neighbors were kind enough to offer—but I think a hotel would be best until the court settlement, at least. After that—” “I insist upon making your arrangements. You can’t deny me that, Mary Ellen. The Palace would suit you, I believe. I’ll speak to Joe Foyle—” She moved quickly to grip his big hand with both her own. “I’ll never forget how kind you’ve been! I only hope that some day I can find a way to repay you. Oh, doctor, I can’t tell you how sorry—” “HushI” He stroked her shoulder awkwardly. “We agreed not to speak of that again. As I’ve said before, I owe you a debt of gratitude for the brightness that came into my house with you. I want you to count on me. There’s very little I wouldn’t do for a fine, brave girl like you. How soon will you be packed?” “Oh, just a little while. Half an hour.” “I might as well wait then,” he said, “and carry you and your luggage in my buggy. There are a few of my out-country patients who can’t be neglected any longer. “According to the list on my hook there’s a confinement case, that woman at Burnt Mills, a sick child on Cotton- tail Ridge. I wish there were more. If I can keep myself busy I may be able to—” He shook his head. “Sorry. I didn’t mean to say that.” “You work too hard, doctor,” said the girl. “You give too much of yourself.” He chuckled. “I’m not exactly a weakling, my dear. The Farabaughs were built to endure. I can still count another twenty years, or twenty-five, of life in my carcass.” His eyes narrowed as he regarded her. “You’re the one who must be careful. A woman’s system can’t stand—” His fingers captured her wrist, measured the pulse-beats. He drew her closer, thumbed back her eyelid. “I don’t like the looks—” he muttered. “If I knew how to take you away from all this—” And suddenly his eyes held a deep glow. “Why don’t you come with me, my dear?” he said impulsively. “It’s Jane Morgan who is having the baby, her first. You know her, you’d be welcome there, a woman would be a Godsend in her house right now. I could leave you there while I went on. I’ll sleep the night at the Mills, I expect, and I could pick you up tomorrow.” She thought of a cramped room at the Palace Hotel, the lonely shadows creeping the walls, the faces of staring strangers. “Triangle is a troubled town,” the doctor said. “I’m afraid of the looks of things. You’d be safer at Morgan’s. Caring for Jane would lift your mind out of its sad rut.” “Why, yes,” said Mary Ellen. “There’s nothing to hold me here. If I could be of help to Jane—” “Get your packing done,” he said. “I’ll fetch the lug- gage when you’re ready.” HE WAS arranging the vials in his medicine kit when she descended to the office. She skewed the long pins that held her ribboned hat in place, watching him. “I’ll leave word with Bearpaw,” he said. “And that re- minds me—I told Henry Gaunt I might see him this eve- ning if I could get Riggins to handle my calls. Henry felt that cheering-up was what I needed. You might write out a note I could leave for him while I’m finishing here.” She sat in the chair beside his desk with pencil and paper. “What shall I write?” “Oh, anything. Just say—let’s see—Don’t bother to look for me. I have decided that travel is the better solution to my problem. Yes, that will do. That covers it.” Mary Ellen read the slanted words she had written, then passed them over for the doctor’s signature. He glanced at the slip of paper, nodding. “Look how nervous your hand was on that last line,” he said. “A mild sedative is what you need, young lady, before we start. Sit right there and I’ll fix it.” \ Mary Ellen sat listlessly. She was dreadfully tired; not sleepy exactly, but brain-weary. Those dismal days of hush in the house, of Ada’s coffin in the gloomy parlor and mourners trooping endlessly, the pompous morning cere- mony of the funeral—all the dreary emotions of them still weighed her. She wanted someone to tell her what to do,/ GUNSWIFT 43 to lead her by the hand. She needed to find some place where her thoughts would not be shrouded. She thought of Cass Gentry. Thinking of him, remem- bering that wild, dark moment of embrace, had become a curious consolation. If she saw him now, if she could talk to him. . . . But what would she find to say? He had been careful to keep his distance—not even a message that Bearpaw might have delivered—and perhaps his judgment was wise in that. It would serve no purpose to burden him now with her own vague misery. The doctor reentered with a cloudy mixture in a glass. He smiled down on her as she drank it. • “Sit quiet,” he said. “Just relax, my dear. The buggy’s ready. I’ll take your grips out and settle things with Bearpaw.” It was easy to sit there. It was pleasant to be guided and cared for. A woman’s chiefest need was to be sheltered, to be protected. Bearpaw was not in sight when the doctor helped her into the buggy. She leaned back against the cushions, and already she could feel a soft languor that drifted through her. Her eyes were heavy-lidded and she watched the flow of the streets with hazy disinterest. Triangle Town was a sullen town in the dwindle of a dour day. They were well along the northward road when Mary Ellen straightened with a faint laugh. “My luggage,” she said. “We forgot‘to drop it off at the Palace.” The doctor looked at her with glowing eyes. His thick- fingered hand squeezed her forearm. “So we did,” he said. “Yes, I neglected that. But I assure you, my dear, that all our other arrangements will be carefully attended to.” He touched the whip to the rump of the horse, and in his throat soft laughter chuckled. Or was it laughter? CHAPTER XXVIII “i accuse” THE DUSK came early. The soot of night shaded the drab rim of overcast. The air was humid. The storm winds still withheld their force. “I can’t make out what happened to Bearpaw,” Swifty Ogden said. “He usually hits the shack at the stroke of six.” “We may have bigger worries right shortly,” said Cass. “Hold it—we’ll stop here till that rider passes.” They were skirting the feed-sheds of the Star Corrals, intending to cross at the head of Wampum Street. The lone rider they were watching came down the slope from the south. He pulled his mount up not far beyond them, rising in his stirrups to peer along the dim stretch of road- way. Presently he swept off his hat, swabbed a sleeve' across his forehead, and cantered on. He turned off at a ramshackle building some fifty yards ahead. “That might be worth lookin’ into,” said' Cass, “if we had the time. What business would he have at that old •place yonder which ain’t been used for years from the looks of it?” “Who?” said Swifty. “Gent who just rode past. You see that brick-topped scalp and the scar on his cheek when he cooled himself? Last time I saw that face it popped up in the window of a shack out at Burnt Mills. There could be some reason, of course, why one of that nester bunch should be ridin’ out of the south on a well-tired hoss.” “As a smarter man just said,” Swifty drawled, “I’m lookin’ for bigger worries. What’s keepin’ us?” They went by a devious route to a fenced backyard. A gate stood ajar, and the rear door of the house opened be- fore Cass could thump his knuckles on it. A light-skinned Negro girl closed the door behind them as Madame Mustache rose from a kitchen chair. “Except for my sick girl above,” she said, “and for Rachel here, who can be trusted, we are alone in the house. You need have no fear of a trap. Costello still sleeps but he will waken soon. “As you understand, he is too weak to talk a great deal. Too much excitement could kill him with another cough- ing spell, a hemorrhage, but that is Costello’s risk. He accepts it by his own decision.” She shrugged. “Please come with me.” She led them to a small room, furnished in quiet taste. “This is my private parlor,” she said. “Please sit down. I must tell you first that Costello is not to be blamed too greatly for hiding his knowledge. He is weak-willed, per- haps, but not a scoundrel.. “Remember that in common with many others he had no great affection for Matthew McHale. McHale scorned and abused him for his drinking, shamed him publicly many times when sympathy might have helped him. In the be- ginning, also, Costello could prove nothing. “Later, when his whisky-soaked brain saw a clearer pat- tern, he hoped to be able to discover the truth behind his suspicions and to blackmail a good fat sum as an inheri- tance for his boy.” SWIFTY OGDEN perched on the edge of his chair, watching her with a sort of fascination. She sat in a rocker, and in the soft light of the china-shaded table lamp her face was almost handsome. You didn’t notice that down on her lip after you’d watched her a while. She was well under forty, he thought, and she had a real woman’s shape to her. Her snapping black eyes had the kind of spirit a man liked to see. She spoke in a quiet, fast-moving voice that had some faint foreign note in it. Swifty turned his look toward Cass and began to feel better. Cass Gentry was starting to be Cass Gentry again. He sat ramrod straight, his hands spread on his thighs, and the tilt of his chin told the story that Swifty wanted to hear. “It does not matter how I wormed out Costello’s story,” said the woman. “I will repeat what I learned from him in the course of many drunken hours, and he will confirm it when he wakes. It goes back to the day that Matthew McHale was murdered and robbed out near the rimrock cut-off. “Costello was drunk that day, as he usually was when he could cadge the money. The handiest place he could find to sleep it off was behind some bales of straw at the Spur stables. It was in the afternoon, and he was half awakened at one time by the voices of men nearby. In his bleary way he recognized one of the talkers, though he did not overhear a single word. “Early that same night, long before the news of Mc- Hale’s death had reached town, Costello was roaming the alley behind the Wheel of Fortune, nerving himself to go in and beg a drink. He saw a man dart out the back door and hide something in a stand of barrels. It was the man whose voice wakened him at the Spur. “He went wandering on, and it did not occur to him until44 ARGOSY later that what he had seen of the object this man was hiding suggested a wallet. He went back and searched among the barrels, finding nothing. The wallet, or what- ever it was, had been removed. “I’m coming to the point,” she said. “You must realize that Costello’s story is not so much what he knows as what he has reason to believe. The next day Costello met this man he had seen at the Spur and in the dark alley. Costello had no sound reason to ask him for money, but his thirst was fierce and he took the chance. “The man refused. ‘Where would I get money to pass out to every bum in town?’ he said. ‘Why,’ said Costello, ‘from what I overheard at the Spur yesterday you were about to inherit ten thousand dollars.’ The man stared as if he had seen a ghost. He pushed a bill into Costello’s hand and darted off.” “Who was this man?” Cass asked. 64T WILL come to that,” she said. “Costello, of course, had meant nothing by what he said. Speaking of ten thousand dollars was his idea of a joke. Not until a few days later, when he asked this man for money again and got it without question, did his rumsoaked brain begin to ponder. “Why should a man who never before had spared him a civil word suddenly become a soft touch? Why should mention of the Spur and ten thousand dollars produce such a miracle? “He knew, of course, that there was some crooked work afoot. He says, however, that he did not connect it with the McHale murder until some time later. This certain man had no apparent reason for killing McHale—at any rate, Costello did not think of it right away. “He kept himself happily drunk, but now and then he had a sober hour. He was an able lawyer in his day, and he still could be clever occasionally. He convinced his hgndout-man that he had drawn up a document relating the conversation he had overheard and the incident he ob-' served. “He had arranged, he said, for this document to be de- livered to Federal authorities in the event that he died any other than a natural death. This was a lie, of course, but Costello told it convincingly. He put it over. “By this time Costello was sure that he had his finger in something big. He knew that the man he was bleeding was one of the lesser fry, but he hoped to hit on a lead that would carry him higher. Five thousand dollars was the blackmail price he counted on—a stake for the Young ’Un. “In the meantime, he did not press his demands too hard on his handout-man. He was satisfied with a ten-spot here and there, for he was convinced that his sucker was con- cealing from his bosses the fact that Costello was in the know. And so Costello waited, and pried a little, and added two and two—” “And what was the answer?” Cass demanded harshly. “Who was it? Name the man!” “It is Costello’s story,” she said. “Let him accuse. In the back room—come with me.” • The doctor’s buggy rocked through the early dark. A wheel bumped over a boulder, the vehicle lurched, and the jolting sway of her body roused Mary Ellen. Dr. Fara- baugh’s arm was the strong support that held her securely. He released the grip that banded her shoulders as she mur- mured sleepy surprise. “I must have dozed off for twenty winks,” she said vague- ly. “My eyes just wouldn’t stay open.” She frowned into the blank night. “Where are we? Why, wait—we’re off the road.” “A short-cut,” he said. “Put your head back, my dear, and rest. Just a little short-cut to where we’re going.” She smiled at him sleepily. Rest—so sweet the softness of it. So easy to let your body relax in the deep, deep calm of dreamless sleep.... • T'HE seal of death was graven gray on Duke Costello’s ■*- face. The effort of his breathing beaded sweat along his brow, but his eyes were darkly alive. They lifted to Cass and Swifty beside the bed, sardonic, and rolled to- ward the woman who was placing her lamp upon the table. “Is it time?” he whispered. “Have you arranged—” “I have arranged,” she said. “I followed your plan. I told them how you learned of the situation, and how it de- veloped. Shall I go on now with your conclusions?” The head moved on the pillow—yes. “Costello knows that two men murdered Matthew Mc- Hale. He could name them for you, but as I have ex- plained he could back his accusation with no real proof. Later we will return to this point. He believes, however, that these men were the hirelings of another, an unknown, and that McHale’s murder was the first step in a scheme to steal the Rocker properties. Right, Costello?” “Right,” he said. “Some years ago,” she continued, “when Costello was acting as McHale’s attorney, he investigated the status of the free range, the Indian grant lands that McHale had been using. He outlined for McHale a scheme for the legal control of these lands by means of homestead claims. “McHale rejected it as nonsense, unnecessary. Soon after his death, however, someone else proceeded to put the same idea into operation.” “And the will,” said the whisper from the bed. “Don’t forget the will.” “Yes, the will. McHale’s will, as filed for probate, named Costello executor. It was a will drawn up at least six years ago, before Costello began his drinking career. “Costello knows that a new will was signed later—per- haps in Plateau City—which listed the Rocker assets and included new bequests. He believes this later will was de- stroyed in order to cover up the looting of the estate. He thinks that Matthew McHale was a wealthy man when he died.” “But who destroyed it?” Cass demanded. “Damn all this run-around! Name me a name—one name!” “Softly,” she said. “Listen.” Tj^ROM the rear came a rattling noise. Cass Gentry’s gun flicked out and Swifty’s hand dropped to holster as the rattle was repeated. “It is my Rachel,” said Madame Mustache. “She fum- bles the lock to warn me that her errand is completed. I sent her out, Mr. Gentry, to bring the answer to your ques- tion. Stand back, hide yourselves along the wall.” Her hands flung out dramatically. Her voice was an urgent, rushing whisper. “Costello cannot prove,” she breathed. “The single factGUNSWIFT 45 he possesses is the identity of the man who paid him hush- money. Rachel will bring that man to this room. It is Costello’s hope that he will betray himself when publicly accused. Perhaps you can force from him the truth that evaded Costello’s slyness.” She turned her head, listening. “Hush—the door—here they come!” The distant door was closed with a softly echoing thump. Voices murmured from the kitchen. Footsteps dragged. The clack of Rachel’s heels was an approaching signal, and beneath that sound was the scuff of a heavier tread. Across the kitchen, down the dark hall, drawing closer. Cass Gentry and Swifty Ogden pressed close against the wall in the shadows that flanked the death-room door. The woman stiffly posed, expectant, and Duke Costello a live- eyed corpse upon the bed. A nearing voice, mumbling. “Can’t afford—be seen—place like this. Decent thing— a dyin’ man—” “This way, suh,” said Rachel. “Yonder’s the light.” “He has been calling your name,” said Madame Mustache. “Come in.” Wash Parsons came puffing-in. • The buggy had halted. Dr. Farabaugh had unpinned Mary Ellen’s hat, and her head-lolled back against the seat. The breath of her heavy slumber was softly audible. The doctor climbed down. He crossed a thick-grassed clearing to the shadow blot of the cabin. He fitted a key into the padlock of the door. His searching hands found a lantern on the wall, and the spread of its light revealed a dust-filmed room, plainly furnished. Dr. Farabaugh placed the lantern on the table. He opened his medicine kit, held up a stoppered vial and watched the contents as he shook them thoroughly. From a small compartment he lifted a needle-pointed hypodermic plunger, nodding. He carried the lantern outside, put it down on a stump fifty feet beyond the cabin. Long strides moved him back to the buggy. His gentle fingers felt for the girl’s hand. A prick of pain, a jabbing bite in her forearm roused Mary Ellen. She sat upright, gasping. • CASS GENTRY’S fingers were squeezing the fat of Wash Parsons’ throat. The mouth of the mayor of Triangle was a bloody smear, and his gross body was slumped in a corner where one of the furious blows had dropped him- His thin-thatched head pounded the wall-angle with each new thrust of the strangling grip that shook and bat- tered him. He glared in terror at the gun-muzzle Cass now lifted. “No!” he gluttered. “For God’s sake, no!” His thick breath choked. “I never killed ’im! Don’t shoot—Vic Barth’s your man!” He lifted quivering fingers to his throat when Cass re- laxed the clamping pressure. His red-webbed eyes looked down the gullet of the Colt and the whimpering, wheezing words gushed out of him. “Vic killed ’im,” he panted. “I stopped the buckboard on the rimrock road, an’ Vic stepped out an’ shot ’im. I swear I never knew what Vic aimed to do. Vic sucked me into it. “I done no more’n I was told. I fixed the rustlin’ deal with Tex Cordill; I carried orders to that Burnt Mills crowd; but I was forced, I tell you. Vic swore he’d pin Matt’s murder on me!” “Wait,” said Madame Mustache sharply. “What was that noise?” “I had the goods on Vic,” Wash Parsons blurted. “That’s why he hooked me in. He used me for a cat’s-paw, that was all. Except for murder-money that couldn’t be passed, I swear I never got a penny.” “But there was money behind your deals,” Cass told him grimly. “Who put it up? Where did it come from?” “Vic got it,” the bloody mouth blubbered. “He never let me know from where. He wouldn’t tell me what was goin’ on—” His voice lifted to a sudden bleat as the sun- sight stabbed his cheek. “Don’t—don’t kill ne now! I’ll tell you what I know! I follered Vic one night when ready cash was needed—” “Rachel!” the woman called harshjy. “What are you doing out there?” She turned the key that had locked Wash Parsons in, opened the door to the dim hallway. “I follered Vic,” the fat man wheezed. “An’ he never knew it. He taken a wide circle out to’rd Hill Street. He come up behind a big house there an’ sneaked in the stables. He took a wad of bills that had been hid for him beneath a carriage cushion. This was up at Eli Lomb—” ~ The woman screamed. She screamed as roars of ex- plosion hammered into the room. Vic Barth’s shoulder slammed the door wide open, and he came charging through with both guns shooting. CHAPTER XXIX . THE DREAD GUN Tl/fARY ELLEN lay upon a blanket-spread bunk in the cabin where the doctor had carried her. By muster- ing all her concentration, every ounce of effort she pos- sessed, she could keep her eyes from closing completely. This fringed slit of vision was the chief importance of her life. If she allowed her lids to meet, even for an in- stant, the whirlpool coma would swallow her again. Her body was powerless. She had no strength, no force of will. Her sole weapon against the stupor, the paralysis, was one small bright spark which glowed in her brain and fought the tides of darkness that would sweep her under. A candle burned in the cup upon the table. Dr. Fara- baugh’s shadow moved across the wavering radiance, and he sat once more in the chair beside her. He leaned to test her pulse, to smile his bearded smile close to her face. “Still fighting against it, eh?” he said softly. “You are strong, my dear. You have strong young life in you, and I will teach you how to use it. We will rear the tall sons she denied me.” His hand stroked her arm. “So now you know,” he said. “I would have saved it for the morning, but it may be as well for your mind to digest it while you sleep. We are not bound for Jane Morgan’s, Ellie my child. We are traveling wider, you and I. God knows where our journey will end, but Triangle will be far behind, forgotten, when your few little days of sleep have passed. “Some day you will thank me for it,” he said. “I will show you happiness, my dear, and a love you would never have known. What could a puppy like Martin Burdette46 ARGOSY give you? You were made for a man, Ellie—for a man’s passion and tenderness and understanding.” The chair creaked with his shifting weight. Mary Ellen heard his words from a droning distance. She saw him as a giant loom of shadow, faceless and shapeless. iiT^HEY will talk of us in Triangle for twenty years,” he said. “We will be scandal, a great romance. I left a letter of my own behind, you see, to explain that little note in your handwriting. “Our love couldn’t wait for propriety, I told them, or sham respect for the dead. The town will be shocked, but they will also understand. Everything has been carefully arranged. A friend of mine will soon be here with the horses we will need. He will lead us to a safe and quiet place. Don’t be afraid, my dear. I will be gentle. I would never harm you.” His fingers, smoothly brushing, pushed the hair back from her forehead. His hand felt the beat of her heart. “You will sleep soon,” he said. “There was too much sleep in my needle to be resisted many minutes more. Relax—” nBut that one little spark of strength would not extinguish. It was desperate hope, her last resource. It was a tiny flame of memory, an instant of reality that her weakness could still grasp. In the dark buggy, waking to a bite of pain, she had struggled briefly against his strength. She had felt the deeper jab of his hypodermic then, but there had also been a flow of moisture down her arm. She was able to with- stand the drowsy surges now only because she had escaped the full effect of the narcotic. “You do not know that you love me,” he said. “Would you believe that until a few brief weeks ago I did not realize my own feelings for you? It needed Ada to discover the truth. “Her sharp eyes saw how we looked at each other, how your hand sought the touch of my hand, how you came in- stinctively to my arms in trouble and danger. I laughed when she first accused me, but then I began to see—” He spoke in monotone. He was staring down at her face, but his words were addressed to the wall, to the silence, to the dark spirit within himself. He was easing the strain of his days and nights of turmoil. “That was why Ada hated you,” he said. “Your youth, your beauty—yes, they taunted her. She turned her ugly spite against us both. “You remember the threatening letters? Ada wrote them, planted them at her own door. She admitted it to me, laughing—defied me to expose it. And then, of course, she tried to kill you when I would not send you away.” His voice was part of a horrid dream Mary Ellen was dreaming.. It was a roaring wind in her brain that was fanning that small spark of sanity brighter and brighter. She could feel a stir along her body, a flex of wakening muscles. There were beads of perspiration ridged on her lip. She could close her eyes now and know she had the power to open them. “She was a crafty woman, Ada was,” he said. “She knew how to hate, how to be cruel. She blamed me for the ac- cident that caused her injury, you see. Confining herself to a chair, when she might have walked if she wanted to, was her punishment of me. “She could hobble well enough to go out to the stables that evening and shoot a bullet that missed your face by an inch as you talked with Gentry. She thought, having heard the buggy, that you were, meeting me in a lover’s rendezvous. I realized then that she would kill you unless I prevented it. That was why I murdered her.” He stood abruptly. His chair toppled. He flung out one big hand, fingers clawed. “Yes, damn you,” he said harshly, “I killed you as I should have done before. I planned it years ago—to hide the buggy at the edge of town, to creep the alleys, to silence your harpy’s tongue in the smother of your pillow. “I waited six years too long. Your damned ambitions, your complaints, your nag, nag, nag for money, money, more money. You pushed me into that devil’s deal with Milo Shand—”	/ There was a plunk upon the roof. A stone bounced and rattled down. Dr. Farabaugh whipped up the tail of his coat, pawing for the revolver at his hip, then straightened as a faint whistle sounded. He went to the door. “It’s just us chickens, Doc,” hailed a voice from the night. ■ “Hold it a second,” the doctor called. “Be right with you, Ollie.” • TN THE gray house of Madame Mustache, in the small room where Duke Costello lay dying, where Wash Par- sons bleated his confession, the guns crashed and the bullets slammed and the frenzied shadows on the wall wove the pattern of destiny. Vic Barth sprang through the doorway. He had a gun in either fist—guns that spouted and boomed as he lurched ahead. His arms pumped and the bullets blasted. A chance remark had led him here. A wink and a grin and a passing reference to the dusky messenger who had buzzed Wash Parsons’ ear—it was enough to send the lean- faced deputy prowling. The copper-skinned maid, huddled senseless near the kitchen door, was a milestone on the trail he had followed. He had overheard the blurted words, creeping down the hall. He was a murder-machine loosed upon the room. Already the gallow’s noose was looping his neck, and his sole escape was this road of desperation. If he could silence that blub- bering mouth, if his first attack could settle Cass Gentry— His shots slammed into the dangerous corner. He fired again at the room’s boil of motion. The woman had been staggered by the inward thrust of the door. She was lurching, milling her long arms, trying to reach the bedside table, to crash the lamp. Duke Costello was a death’s-head doll, jerked up to sitting posture and jerked again in a sidewise fall to the floor. Swifty Ogden was bringing up his pistol, shouting, and Cass Gentry— Cass Gentry was down. He had stumbled forward against the wall with the first hammer of explosions from the door- way. Trapped in a cramping angle, hampered by the frantic clutch Wash Parsons fastened on his gun-wrist, he could do no more than fling himself in a wild sprawl of escape from the swift assault that caught him with his back turned. A slug slapped close to his head as he wrenched his hand free, but he was twisting instantly to face the door, to point his Colt by blind instinct, to trigger it. TTE FIRED into the teeth of Vic Barth’s second brace of -*--*• shots. The triple detonation rocked the room, blos- somed a smoky haze into which Cass drove three bullets.GUNSWIFT 47 Swifty’s pistol spoke, and Barth’s weapons whammed a third discharge. But the dark deputy was a dead man shooting. His pumping arms were faltering, and the loads of those final cartridges slapped only dust and splinters from the floor. Vic Barth was still lunging on, but the upper half of his body moved too fast for his limber legs. He dropped his guns, and his hands hugged agony to his breast as he fell. He toppled forward, and his head lolled limp upon a little plaited rug. A hvsh chased the echoes from the room. In the fading gunsmoke fog, the bitter powder fumes, the single sound was a gasping breath, a gurgle. Cass let his gunhand fall and his eyes went across the room to Swifty Ogden. He pushed himself up, and his head turned to see what Swifty saw. It was the droop-headed bulk of Wash Parsons. The mayor of Triangle sagged in his penitent’s corner, his last confession squeezed out of him. One of Vic Barth’s bullets had loosed his despairing grip as he struggled with Cass. The wound was an ugly gape high on the fat man’s temple. Costello’s was the strident breath, the gurgle. They lifted him from the floor, a skin-and-bones scarecrow. “The doctor,” said the woman. “Hurry—bring some- one—” Cass and Swifty went together. They ran past the big main parlor, and Cass unlocked the front door with a heave of his shoulder that cracked the wood and shattered glass. The uproar of gunfire should bring scurrying figures all along the street, he thought, but as he sprang across the porch, clattered down the steps, there were no voices lifting. “Cut across and find Farabaugh!” he yelled to Swifty. “I’ll hunt Abel Bannister I” What he would say to Bannister, what words he would find to convince that bull-necked man—no, that problem was beyond him now. But somehow Cass knew he could manage it. He would make that Snaketrack hard-head see the picture Cass Gentry now could see if he had to lick ten squads of vigilantes to do it! It was a vague picture—there were blind spots in it—but Wash Parsons had disclosed the door to the central mystery. feeble, scattered lights along the empty thoroughfare, he knew the answer. He knew what had happened before he barged in at the nearest doorway of light, the Elk Hotel, and saw the group of older men and derby-hatted drummers who sat uncomfortably beneath the center light. The dull sensation in the pit of his stomach deepened with every twang of the hotel clerk’s voice. > “Bannister?” said the clerk. “Why, tonight’s the night, man! The orders passed at sundown to close the town while the posse was gone. Women and youngsters are to stay indoors until the menfolks ride home, and it was made plain that it wouldn’t be healthy for any man to roam the streets in the meantime.” Cass muttered another question. “Where’d he go?” The clerk cackled. “There’s a thirty- mile stretch of badlands around the Devil’s Pocket, and Abe Bannister’s the one man who could say where they’ll head into it.” Cass stood on the walk outside. He turned his head slowly, staring blankly along the lonely thoroughfare. The sound of his name, hoarsdy shouted, moved him on toward Council Street. Swifty Ogden was coming on the run. “Cass,” Swifty panted. “She’s gone—Mary Ellen’s gone!” Cass grabbed him fiercely. “She’s gone, I tell you!” Swifty puffed. “The doc’s gone too. Some neighbors found Bearpaw out in the stable —been hit across the head. He never saw who hit ’im.' He ain’t got the least idea where they’d want to go, or why. The carriage pulled out, the neighbors tell, just around dark. “Doc was drivin’ Mary Ellen, they say. Her room’s been cleaned out and her luggage is gone. The on’y thing at all that’s known is that the doc paid a boy to carry a letter to Henry Gaunt.” “Gone?” Cass muttered. “And Henry Gaunt can’t be found,” said Swifty. “His house and office are- both locked tight.” His voice rose sharply. He pushed at Cass, twisting away. “Leggo,” he cried. “Cass, you’ll break my arm! ” * CHAPTER XXX CASS loped along the middle of the road. The night had inherited the dour aspects of the day. The over- cast had blanketed the stars, and the air had a muggy taint. Division Street was sparsely housed, but even so it was strange that no one had roused to the shooting. It was curious, too, to see such a stretch of darkened windows at such an early hour. When he came to Wampum Street, when he saw the ESCAPE WITHOUT HOPE MARY ELLEN moved her hand. She stretched the fingers, knotted them iffco a fist. The effort of lifting her head required all her energy, but at length she managed it. She let her body relax, then, breathing out a sigh. _ Slowly, slowly, she could feel the warm ooze of returning strength that was chasing the listless sleep out of her body. Happy Relief From Painful Backache Many of those gnawing, nagging, painful backaches peo- ple blame on colds or strains are often caused by tired kid- neys—and may be relieved when treated in the right way. The kidneys are Nature’s chief way of taking excess acids and poisonous waste out of the blood. They help most people pass about 3 pints a day. If the 15 miles of kidney tubes and filters don’t work well, poisonous waste matter stays in the blood. These poisons may start nagging backaches, rheumatic pains, loss of pep and energy, getting up nights, swelling, puffiness under the eyes, headaches and dizziness. Frequent or scanty passages with smarting and burning sometimes shows there is something wrong with your kidneys or bladder. Don’t wait! Ask your druggist for Doan’s Pills, used successfully by millions for over 40 years. They give happy relief and will help the 15 miles of kidney tubes flush out poisonous waste from the blood. Get Doan’s Pills. (Adv.)48 ARGOSY She kept her eyes half lidded to hide the bright awareness with which she watched the cabin door. How much longer? How many minutes more would they give her to fight the waning effects of the drug, the cloudy drink she had accepted so innocently in Dr. Fara- baugh’s office? How much vitality could she coax back into herself before they returned? The lethargy still held her. She knew that time must pass before she would be able to roll herself from the bunk, to crawl. But if they gave her half an hour.... They were coming now! She eased her body limply. She closed her eyes and subdued her breath to soft regular- ity. She must be sly. There must be no false starts, no fumbling attempts. The voices approached the door. The newcomer spoke in a pleasant drawl, a young voice. Ollie— Was that the name the doctor called? Was there any other Ollie but Ollie Shand? “I just thought I’d mention the lay of the land,” he was saying. “I been scoutin’ around in there, doc, and I watched the work they done. They got the ambush set some three- four miles this side of the Notch. “It’s a place we used to call the Cattail Cut, and I see ’em fixin’ shields of brush to hide behind, and diggin’ out the roll-down boulders. How many men you say’s with Ban- nister? A hunnerd odd? Lord, if they on’y wait for half of ’em to get inside the cut before they crack loose—why, even then it’ll be a massacre.” “It’s no affair of oyrs,” the doctor said. “It is of mine,” said Shand. “In a way it is. I swore I’d never go back to the Pocket, that night I cut down my dad and buried ’im there. I never gave a damn when that new crowd moved in and started the kind of thievery that must’ve rolled my daddy over in his grave. “For a while, doc, I was pleased with the talk which passed around and named me as the boss of the Pocket still. But these damn’ buzzards have carried it too far. What hellishness have they got afoot? In the days when the Shands picked up the little bunches of dogies that you spotted for us, doe* we’d ride ten miles to keep from killin’ a man.” The doctor mumbled. He opened the cabin door, peered in at Mary Ellen. She lay still as death, and he closed the door gently. A NOTHER thing,” said Ollie Shand, “is that one of ^ the boys that worked for us is suckin’ Bannister in. Red Helwig, that Scar-face son of a skunk! For five hundred dollars, so I hear, Red’s agreed to show Bannister’s bunch a way into the Pocket. “He claims there’s ai trail that needn’t run them through the Notch, which there ain’t, doc. He’ll lead ’em into Cat- tail Cut, that’s all, and men will have their heads blowed off before they know it.” “But our heads will stay put, Ollie,” the doctor said. “That’s the big thing, boy. What do you owe Bannister? Some of the men behind him are men who rode on that other Devil’s Pocket raid.” “I didn’t think I’d hear you talk that way," said Shand. “You been drinkin’, doc, or what? You sound like you’d taken to shootin’ that stuff in your arm ag’in. The halfway reason I told all this was that you might want me to show you the short-cut trail that can head Bannister off. I couldn’t stop him myself, but you could handle it. You and your friend ain’t in that big a hurry, I reckon.” “But we are, Ollie,” the doctor said harshly. “That’s why I asked you to bring the horses here. That’s why I need you to lead us through the roughs. I expect to be miles deep in Montana before morning. You know the old cabin your father used—the one of Rocky Ridge? That’s where I want you to take us. I know the trails on the other side. I can handle it from there.” Shand whistled. “What’s wrong, doc? Who’s trompin’ on your tail?” “The Devil! ” Dr. Farabaugh muttered. “My friend is a woman, Ollie. I’ve got to get her away. She’s sick—I’ll have to carry her—but she can stand the ride. Bring up your horses and let’s get out of here!” • /"''ASS GENTRY pushed into the Wheel of Fortune. Less than half of the usual lamps were burning here, and the big room was almost lifeless. The wheels were covered, the tables deserted, the handful of men huddled at the end of the f)ar of companionship, speaking softly. These were the employees of the place, the cardmen and stickmen, the lookouts. Only the riffraff in Triangle Town tonight, Cass thought. The tinhorns, the outcasts of respectability, the wolf-breed- fellows like Mr. Cass Gentry. He stood briefly inside the door, vaguely staring, then turned and went out again. Swifty Ogden was waiting on the walk and they paced slowly. “The trouble is,” Cass said gruffly, “that I don’t know what to do. I don’t know where to turn. There’s nothin’ I can put my hands on, Swifty.” Swifty did not speak. “And I think of what might happened,” said Cass. “I think of—hell, I dunno! Who knocked Bearpaw on the head? Why would she leave without a word to me? It might not even been Doc Farabaugh with her, for all we can tell.” Swifty shook his- head. “I got to do one thing or another,” Cass said. His voice was shaky. “I’ll drive myself loco just walkin’ here. I never felt like this before. I—well, I—” “Sure,” said Swifty. “You love her. That’s the hell of it.” • T>HE cabin flooring creaked beneath the doctor’s tread. -*- He bent beside the bunk, watching Mary Ellen’s face in the candlelight. This was the crisis. She must play the corpse, every muscle limp. She must control her breathing, she must pot flinch. She felt his breath upon her cheek. His fingers sought her wrist—and could she hide the tremor of her heart? He straightened. ’“Safe—play it safe,” he muttered. “There’s no road back.” Mary Ellen knew what he meant. There was no road back from Rocky Ridge, no return for either of them. The shame they would share would build a barrier around Tri- angle Town. His secret would be locked behind the doors of her disgrace. And her instinct knew another meaning his words. When Dr. George Farabaugh thrust the face of his crippled Ada into her pillow, venting the impulses that the years had bred, he had forced an inevitable chain of events.GUNSWIFT 49 He was not cruel, not a criminal. None of his thoughts or actions were abnormal. He was still the calm and kindly man in whom Mary Ellen had sensed honest sympathy and understanding, protection against her fears. But he had chosen murder as the strong medicine to cure his ills, and the fever aftermath was a ravage beyond his control. His will, his nerves could not endure the strain of his guilt. This was his sole insanity. She could understand the tension that racked him from the night of death to the morning of the funeral. He must have known that his safety depended upon a dulling passage of time. If he could maintain his saddened pose for a month, three months. . . . A cold-blooded killer could have managed it. Dr. George Farabaugh could not. In the logic of his turmoil he had seen the risk of flight as the lesser evil. Perhaps he had con- vinced himself, seeing them in the distortion of Ada’s savage eyes, that Mary Ellen’s thoughtless affections had been tokens of a love for him. Perhaps his harried imaginings could see a future that Mary Ellen might share. He had blinded himself to all impossibilities, for murder had set his foot upon the road without turning. This knowledge was a dull sense she possessed. She knew it in the same way that she recognized her peril, with the same finality which recognized that death, death by her own hand, would be her escape from Rocky Ridge. SHE could follow the sounds of the doctor’s movements. He was at the table. The snap of his little bag, the glassy tinkle! Had her pulse betrayed the shamming? Was he filling another hypodermic with cloudy sleep? She did not dare to move her head, to risk a lidded glance. The cabin door whined. Dr. Farabaugh’s foot scraped the floor. His breath hissed an exclamation.. The doorway sounded to a hesitant step, a jingle of spur. “I don’t like it, doc,” said Ollie Shand. “I dunno just what it is, but this deal here smells wrong. What in hell goes on, doc?” The doctor’s strides moved swiftly over the floor. “You tend to the horses, Ollie. I’ll bring her out in just a minute.” ' “Not so fast,” said Shand. “What stuff was that you shook in the bottle? Who you usin’ that dingus on—her or you? Who is this woman friend and what is it that ails her? I figger that’s the least I ought to know.” - “Your father trusted me,” the doctor said. “I didn’t think I’d have to explain myself to the Shands. I saved your life one time, boy. Is a little favor, a few hours’ help too much to ask? Since when did you go high and mighty?” Mary Ellen saw them in lash-dimmed outline. The bulk of the doctor’s shoulders partially hid the slighter figure. Ollie Shand had advanced into the room, was edging in the direction of the bunk against the wall. “I never claimed to be no better’n I am,” he said. “It’s the woman part of this that I got no hankerin’ for. I trust you good enough, doc. I’d ride the river for you, too, I reckon, though, I ought to have a look at her. Any good reason I shouldn’t?” “Why, no,” the doctor said slowly. He moved aside. Mary Ellen let her lashes fall. Her breath was tremulous, waiting. There was life in her hands, her arms, but not enough. Not quite enough. She felt Ollie Shand beside her, leaning to peer in the candleglow. He was turning swiftly then. “Hell, doc, this is Matt McHale’s girl!” “Yes, Ollie”—and Mary Ellen heard the menace in his soft voice if Ollie Shand didn’t—“the daughter of the man who noosed the Shands on a gallons tree. Does that make it different?” “It makes it crazier,” said Ollie Shand. “What’s eatin’ at you, doc? You know I wouldn’t touch her. There’s enough who a’ready think I killed old Matt.” “Yes,” said the doctor. “That’s why I didn’t want you to know. I thought you might feel that way. But I won’t press you, Ollie. I—perhaps I can find my own way. If you’ll dispose of the buggy for me, loose my nag on the main road—” Mary Ellen slitted her eyes. Ollie Shand stood close to the bunk, darkening her face with his shadow. Dr. Fara- baugh was moving toward the table, falking smoothly. But Mary Ellen knew he was talking lies. He had dipped his hands in murder once, and murder cannot stop halfway If Ollie Shand was not a friend he became a foe. He knew too much to be left behind. And Dr. Farabaugh would play it safe. He would talk soft, dissemble, until he was ready to act. He would draw close to Ollie Shand, smiling, and then he would spring. His giant’s hands—so swift, so strongly gentle—would fasten their grip on the smaller man, and no gun in holster could parry them. Mary Ellen turned her head an inch. She saw the black crook of Ollie Shand’s gun-butt so close above. Her hand moved. Her hand lifted, and Ollie Shand’s back concealed the pounce of it. Her fingers sped and grabbed and jerked— And she had it. She had the gun! She was twisted on her side, her free hand pushed against the inner wall and her elbow propped against her body and the muzzle pointed straight as Bearpaw had taught, with the butt firm against her palm and her finger tense upon the trigger. And she had a shaking voice that cried, “Don’t move, don’t move, don’t move!” To be concluded next week #---J moi  Y--- DE LUXE BLADES FOR FAST, SMOOTH, ECONOMICAL SHAVESHorses for the Cavalry In all the old West there’s only one who can have his feet where his head ought to be and still win hands down. It’s the Kid. Send him out with a stallion to deliver, and he comes back with a load of scalps. Threaten him with a Sioux, and he turns up with stew THE THIRTY horses strung out in single file and walked at a fast pace. Trailing them by ten feet was a huge pinto stallion with a black head and a mean eye. He wore a rope hackamore, and from it a rope strung to and tied around his right front foot. That held his head down and kept him from running. Ten feet behind the stallion Ben Egan sat a stubby black horse with the reins loose on his neek. Beside Ben, the Kid rode a bay pony. His chubby face was rapturously alight. This—going out and buying horses for Tooker’s cavalry—was part of the high adventure he had come West to seek. The holster flap of the elaborately carved pistol that swung by the Kid’s side was buttoned back. They were near Indian country, and there was nothing like being ready. Suddenly the stallion, holding his head low and run- ning with a hopping little gait, ran ahead into the horses. He reared and sank his teeth into the neck of a little black mare. The mare squealed and fell out of line. Pivoting, the stallion singled out another mare. Ben dug his heels into the sides of his horse and rode forward, his rope swinging. The end of the rope hissed about the stal- lion’s flanks. He kicked, laid his ears back, and snorted. Then he re- sumed his place in the rear. The Kid watched. “Why’d he do that, Ben?” he asked. Ben shrugged. “He run on Timly’s ranch for many a year. He was head boss of eleven of the mares we got here. We buy the bunch from Timly an’ they get a new boss. The stallion don’t like it.” “What would he do if you let him go?” “Reckon he’d cut his eleven out of the bunch an’ cut back to Timly’s. He’s a trouble maker. Law lummy! I don’t blame him. But he’ll make an officer’s mount. *	Shouldn’t be surprised but what we can sell him for fifty, sixty dollars.” “Are all stallions like that?” the Kid pursued. By Jim Kjelgaard Author of ",Mountain Men,” "Good Leather” etc. The Indian pushed Ben to the ground and touched him with the point oi the saber, glowing with white heat 50 AJtGOSY—MAiCH 22. 1941HORSES FOR THE CAVALRY 51 “Some is an’ some ain’t,” Ben said. “Hosses is a lot like people, an’ you don’t find no twe of ’em in the same pattern. That big stallion just happens to have it on his mind that he’s gonna get them mares of his’n back, an’ I reckon he wouldn’t bother much about no others.” “Suppose he got away?” the Kid asked. -“I’d have to go back an’ get him.” T^OR a few moments he rode soberly along. The thirty horses h'ad cost him three hundred dollars. The cavalry would take them off his hands for an average of thirty dollars apiece. That would give him six hundred profit, and the money could be laid aside to apply on the ranch that beckoned in the distant future. Ben had always wanted a ranch. Now that he was be- yond the spring chicken age, he thought it high time to start getting one. The cavalry wanted at least five hundred horses, but the three hundred dollars he!d paid for the thirty was all the money he had been able to get. Most of it had been bor- rowed from the officers’ mess at the army camp. It wasn’t a particularly difficult job to drive thirty horses the hundred miles from Timly’s ranch to the army camp. The hitch was the Kid. *	The Kid had read too many books about the romantic West; and even after being in the West a year, still believed implicitly everything he had read. Green as new grass, and scarcely dry behind the ears, he was gifted chiefly with an amazing aptitude for bungling everything he tried. In his year in the West he had had more hairbreadth escapes than most frontiersmen experienced in a lifetime. Only by amazing luck had he managed to keep his scalp. As usual, the Kid had invitti himself on the horse-buying expedition, riding up to Ben’s camp the first night out. He had attached himself firmly to Ben, and was as hard to get rid of as a case of boils. Ben sighed. There had been no trouble yet, but it just wasn’t possible to ride out with the Kid and not have some. For an hour they rode. The Kid, with exaggerated cau- tion, inspected every bush, animal track, and other obvious sign they passed. Ben watched him amusedly. But at the same time he was a little worried. The cavalry men’s rifles and sabers had supposedly tamed the Sioux. But Ben knew that they were tame only when they were in range of the rifles or in reach of the sabers. A CRUSHED weed beside the trail told Ben that In- dians were near, or lately had been near. He looked at the weed and the sign around it as he rode by. Five ponies had passed not more than two hours ago. They had been traveling at a fast trot, and could have been ridden by none but Indians. Casually Ben rode on. If the Kid—who fancied himself a mighty Indian hunter —knew they had cut a Sioux trail he would probably go off hunting them. Two miles farther on Ben stopped in a grassy little glade. The Kid looked at him, puzzled. The sun was still four hours high; they should be traveling. Ben put his hand to his mouth to stifle a forced yawn.	I “I’m tired,” he announced. “We ain’t gonna make it into the army camp afore tomorrow anyhow. S’pose we camp here tonight, an’ go on in the mornin’?” . “Why—I guess that’s all right,” the Kid agreed. The horses crowded into the glade and began to crop at the long grass, all of them contented but the pinto. Standing at the edge of the glade, the pinto stallion watched the men while he pretended to eat. Ben’s rope hissed out, settled about his neck. He drew the squealing horse to him and shortened the check rope about his front foot. The Kid stripped the saddles from the saddle mounts and turned them in with the herd. Ben picked up his rifle. “You watch the hosses,” he told the Kid. “I’ll amble down an’ around to see if I can pick up some camp meat.” IOUX TRAVELED for a lot of reasons, all of which had some kind of devilment behind them. Before he went on Ben had to know what the five who had crossed the trail were up to. It was only twenty miles to the army post, but five Sioux wouldn’t need even two miles to ambush and kill two white men and run their horses off. Ben didn’t like it at all. If the five had not gone to so much trouble to hide their trail, there would not have been so much cause for worry. Leaving the Kid and the horses so near where they had cut the trail was good strategy. If the five had designs on the horses, they would probably circle ten or twelve miles ahead and attempt'an ambush. If Ben had told the Kid to go on, he would stand a good chance of running squarely into it. This way, while not entirely devoid of peril, contained less than any other method. Ben picked up the trail where the five ponies had crossed, and carefully followed it. For an hour he' walked over rugged little ridges and up ravines. Always the trail went west. Ben began to breathe easier. Apparently the Indians did not know that he and the Kid were in the country. He could go back, get the Kid, and make an all night ride. That would put him close enough to the army camp so that they should make it in the morning without any trouble. Then Ben came out of a ravine into a little mountain meadow where a herd of horses had grazed. He studied the sign. The five Sioux, he saw, were a raiding party out to get what horses they could. They had gathered at least thirty from various places, probably isolated settlers some of whose homes undoubtedly lay in ashes now with their inhabitants slaughtered, and had left the main herd here while they reconnoitered east- ward. Ben recalled that there had been a small ranch there whose owner had left a month ago. Not knowing this, the Sioux had hoped to add1 such horses as he might have to those already plundered. Failing to find any, they had come back. Ben followed the trail long enough to make sure that they were traveling west, and to fix the trail’s location in his mind so a punitive expedition of cavalry could follow, and started back to where he had left the Kid. TTE WAS still a hundred yards from the glade when he saw that there were no horses in it. His rifle ready, he crept forward. There was no sign of the Kid. Ben felt a cold fury as he visualized his bloody and mal- treated corpse lying somewhere among the trees. A hard anger flared in his mind. If the Sioux had got the Kid—52 ARGOSY Ben rose to his feet and called softly. “Kid.” There was no answer. Ben called again, a little louder. “Kid!” Something stirred under the bole of a fallen pine a few feet to his right. He jumped behind a tree and trained his rifle on the pine. Dimly he made out a reclining form there; an almost in- audible groan was wrenched from him. It was the Kid. Ben walked forward. He leaned down, grabbed the Kid’s shoulder, and shouted in his ear. “Kid!” The Kid sat up, blinking stupidly. His hand dove toward his gun. He stopped, and smiled sheepishly. “Oh. It’s you, Ben. I thought ’twas Indians.” “Yeh. It’s me,” Ben said dryly. “You have a good snooze?” “Oh quite good,” the Kid stifled a yawn. “It was cool under the tree, and I didn’t think anything would happen.” “Nothin’ did,” Ben said grimly, “except that while you slept the Sioux come up an’ run your bosses off. Good thing you don’t snore.” “What?" The Kid jerked erect, and looked towards the glade. An air of comical amazement settled over his features. He spread his hands appealingly. “Gee I’m sorry, Ben! Honestfl never would of thought any Injuns would come or I would of stood them off! Gosh, Ben, I’m sorry I lost your hosses!” “Forget it,” Ben said. TTE WENT out into the glade, examined the ground. The horses had been run off by the same five Sioux he had trailed. They hadn’t known that he and the Kid were bringing the herd through but, by some lucky chance, had wandered east again and bumped right into the glade. In a hurry to get the horses off, they hadn’t looked for the herder. And that was the Kid’s good luck. Wonderingly Ben looked back at the Kid, probably the only person in the world who had ever slept within thirty feet of a band of Sioux that were running off his horses. He shook his head. The Kid didn’t carry any rabbit’s foot, but he was certainly blessed with a lot of luck. Then his relief at finding the Kid safe gave way to piercing anger. He had borrowed the money to pay for those horses. He would have to pay it back. The Kid, his face miserable with contrition and sympathy, joined him. “Gosh, Ben,” he wailed again, “I didn’t know they was cornin’. I’m awful sorry I let them take your hosses.” “It wan’t your fault,” Ben said. “What are you goin’ to do, Ben?” “There ain’t no five or five hundred Sioux in this blasted country can take my hosses an’ stay happy,” Ben Egan growled. “I’m goin’after’em.” Happy expectation drove some of the misery from the Kid’s face. “When do we start?” “I said I was goin’.” “Aw gee, Ben. Suppose they get you? Suppose you need me? Ain’t we always hunted together? Please, Ben.” Ben pondered. If he ordered the Kid on to the army post, he wouldn’t go. Or, if he did go, he would come out again and go hunting Sioux on his own account. If Ben took him there, locked him up, and came alone to get the horses, the Kid would surely follow the minute he got out; and the lost time would afford the Sioux ample opportunity to get the stolen horses to a place where they never would be found. Since the Kid would wander into the hills anyway, he was as safe where Ben could keep an eye on him as he would be any other place. Besides, the Kid had had miraculous luck more than once before, and might have it again. “Come on,” Ben said. “We’re travelin’.” rFHE SIOUX, Ben knew, would run the horses as far as they could in order to draw away from any pursuit. They would then rest until the horses were able to travel again, and go on. Probably they would stop at their own village long enough to be acclaimed mighty horse stealers. Finally, they would trade the herd with some tribe farther west, receiv- ing in return horses that had been stolen far away from their own grounds. Knowing that they would be eager to get away, Ben took no unusual precautions as he alternately walked and trotted along the trail. A half hour after he and the Kid left the glade, night fell and they came to where his horses had joined the rest of the stolen herd. After another half hour Ben stopped short in his tracks as a horse whinnied. Motioning the Kid to silence, he stepped into the shelter of the trees. The Sioux should be farther than this. But maybe they weren’t. The horse whinnied again, and there was a great splash- ing of water and clattering of stones as he crossed a little creek not far ahead. Followed by the Kid, Ben ventured back to the trail. If an Indian was riding that horse he wouldn’t be making so much noise. Ben saw the animal, head low and riderless, limping down the trail; waited until he was abreast, and leaped at his head. The horse tried to shy away, but Ben caught the hacka- more. It was the pinto stallion. The check rope still on his front foot, he had not been able to keep up with the rest and had been left behind rather than risk losing even the mo- ment it might have taken to cut him loose. Ben reached down to cut the rope on his foot. The pinto jerked his head up. His knee was chafed and raw where the rope had rubbed, but otherwise he was unhurt. Ben brought the rope over his neck and tied it on the other side of the hackamore to form a rein. The stallion plunged backward and reared. Ben pulled him to the ground and mounted him. For a moment the stallion pitched wildly, then stopped bucking and responded to the pull of the rope on either side. Ben slid from his back, keeping the rope over his arm. “He’s wild but broke to ride,” he said thoughtfully. “Kid, can you follow this trail?” “Easy,” the Kid boasted, with the air of one who likes nothing better than following trails at night. “We got one hoss, but they’s two men,” Ben said. “That ain’t enough hosses, but it’ll help. We’ll ride an’ tie. I’ll ride him ten minutes up the trail. You’ll find him tied to a tree. Then you ride ten minutes an’ tie for me. “But for Pete’s sake, Kid, don’t lose hold of this hoss or he’ll be gone. Kin you remember to keep a tight hold on him?”HORSES FOR THE CAVALRY S3 “I can hold any horse,” the Kid said confidently. His face was eager and excited—and fearless. T3EN sprang to the stallion’s back and put him to a swift trot up the trail. Ten minutes later he dismounted, tied the pinto to a tree, and continued on foot. A little farther op the Kid, who had reached and mounted the stallion, cantered past him. Ben breathed a sigh of relief. If the Kid had handled the horse once, he could do it again. Most of the night, alternately riding, tying the horse for the one coming on foot, and walking, they continued. Then Ben, who was riding, overtook the Kid on the trail and slid from the pinto’s back. “Wait a minute,” he said. “What’s the matter?” the Kid demanded. “Injuns up thar.” “Gee! Is there, Ben?” Ben was sniffing the breeze, down which, very faintly but undeniably present, was wafted the odor of wood smoke. The Sioux had stopped their stolen horse herd not far ahead; how far was a matter of conjecture. Ben swung from the trail. He led the horse and the Kid a quarter of a mile into the woods and stopped. “Which way is east?” he asked the Kid. For a second the Kid studied the sky hopefully while Ben cynically regarded his astronomical observations. The Kid flung an arm out. “That way.” “Tha’s right,” Ben agreed. “But don’t depend on the stars. Wait right here for the sun in the mornin’. Don’t for no reason le^ve go of that hoss. If I ain’t back by sun- up, ride east like hell. “The first big crick you come to will be Bowler River. Follow that upstream, an’ you can’t miss the cavalry camp. Tell Tooker that, if he’ll send a detail into Gandoo Pass, he’ll be able to ketch five Sioux with a herd of stolen bosses. “Got it? Set your course by the sun.” “What you aim to do?” the Kid asked. “I’m gonna look these hellions over. Mebbe they’s a way we might get the hosses back ourselves. If there is I’ll be back here before sun-up. If there ain’t, I’ll follow them heathen devils while you ride. “That hoss is fast. All you got to do is ride east to Bowler River. My life may depend on it. Is that clear?” “Yeah!” the Kid said, his eyes dancing. “I’m dependin’ on you," Ben warned. “Don’t let that hoss go, an’ get the cavalry into Gandoo Pass.” Like a drifting shadow Ben melted into the woods. Swift- ly he trotted toward where he supposed the Indian camp to be. He came to the top of a hill, and looked’down into a dark valley. Suddenly through the darkness came a few high-pitched squeals and snorts as a couple of the stallions among the herd fought over a mare or some grass. Ben sank to his belly, and wormed his way towards a stump that was faintly outlined ahead. A Sioux brave rose up from behind the stump. A war club smacked against the side of Ben’s head. He fell face down. THE FIRST thing Ben became conscious of was that he was tied. He lay on his side, with rawhide thongs drawn so tightly over his wrists and about the calves of his legs that the flesh on either side stood out in great ridges. He looked down at his hands, tied in front of him, and raised them'a little. When he tried to move his body, he could only wriggle back and forth. The next thing he became aware of was the horse herd. He lay in the bottom of a valley, looking up on a side hill. The horses, about sixty of them, grazed in a little natural meadow about a hundred and fifty feet from the edge of the forest. Then a big Sioux, naked except for a breech cloth and a string of grizzly claws about his neck, padded up from somewhere to stand over him. The Sioux drew his foot back and kicked Ben hard in the ribs. Ben tried not to flinch, but could not control the agony that shot through his chest and, he knew, must show on his face. Expressionless, the Sioux stood over him a moment. Ben studied his face, his arms,,his body, and every distinguishing mark about him. If he got out of this he would know that particular Indian when he saw him again. There was not, he admitted candidly, much chance of getting out. The ground beneath him was grassy and soft; even if he could roll over, there was no outjutting rock or hard substance against which he might saw the rawhide bonds in two. The Sioux would prevent any such attempt to escape anyway. Ben tried not to think of the method the Indians would choose to kill him. Burning, skinning alive, disemboweling, staking on ant hills—the Sioux knew them all. Of course, there was always the chance that they would take him prisoner to their village so everybody could be in on the fun. If not that, the torture would not be too drawn out because they would be anxious to get their stolen horses on the move. TTE HEARD the Indians moving behind him, and also the stamping of the riding horses they had tethered there. For a moment he gave way to an overwhelming dis- gust. He, Ben Egan, had let himself be caught easy as the greenest tenderfoot! Still, that was the way these things went. One slip was one too many. But these Indians were in dangerous country and they must know it. If they tried to ride out any way except through the Gandoo Pass they must go through settled country where they would have to fight their way, and Tooker’s cavalry would be waiting for them in the pass. He knew that he could trust the Kid to take the news to Tooker. The Kid would seize any excuse for a wild ride. If the Sioux decided to take him through to their village, he would be rescued by the cavalry. Suddenly he was seized from behind by the hair and the ears and jerked to a sitting position. The Sioux, he saw, had raised no tepee and hadn’t even used blankets, but had merely lain on the ground about a fire. The fire was blazing now, and the hilts of two cavalry sabers protruded from it. Laying his rifle on the ground, one of the Indians stopped to seize a saber by the handle and wave it aloft. Their rifles in their hands, the other four turned around. Ben spat at them. One got up to walk over and rip Ben’s clothes from him. He placed a foot against Ben’s chest and pushed him back to the ground. Ben closed his eyes. They were going to disembowel him54 ARGOSY with a red hot saber. If he screamed, he would make it as loud as possible. They might kill him quickly rather than risk attracting attention. Again he thought of the cavalry. It would take the Kid not more than six hours to reach the camp. The sun was two hours high, so he must be two hours on his way by now. Gandoo Pass was only about seven hours from the army camp but, driving the horses ahead of them, the Sioux couldn’t make it in less than eleven or twelve from here. No doubt, in addition to sending a detail to the pass, Tooker would send another here to take the trail. On the one chance in ten that the Sioux were not stopped in the pass, they would certainly be overtaken. And when the cavalry, seeing what they had done to Ben Egan, caught them . . . Ben smiled grimly. His thoughts returned to the Kid, and he sighed in- audibly. He had cussed the Kid and damned his blundering a hundred different times. But there was something about him, something that touched Ben in a way no other human being ever had. He was under no illusions concerning himself; knew that he was just an ordinary, hard-bitten frontiersman. But to the Kid he had been a dashing hero. He smiled. The Kid was like an overgrown puppy that can’t do anything right, but at which nobody can stay angry. He hoped the Kid would come here some day, maybe even put a marker over the place where he had died and tell his grandchildren how he and Ben Egan had whipped the entire Sioux nation without any help at all. The Kid was like that. He— The Sioux who had laid his rifle on the ground rose up again. The saber, about the hilt of which he had wrapped green buckskin, glowed with a white heat. Then, from the hill where the horse herd grazed, rolled the high-pitched, angry challenge of a fighting stallion. TIEN opened his eyes and looked toward the herd. He ■*-' gasped. The pinto stallion stood at the edge of the forest: he had gotten away from the Kid! Ben swore. Lowering his head, the stallion charged into the herd. For forty seconds they milled about. Driving his eleven mares ahead of him, the pinto thundered back into the forest. The Sioux who held the saber dropped it and leaped toward the tethered ponies, where the other four were al- ready mounting. The pungent smell of scorched grass arose, and little tendrils of smoke curled up from beneath the saber. Ben watched the Sioux overtake the fleeing horses and steer them back into the herd. A rifle cracked. One of the Sioux threw up his hands and slid to the ground while his riderless pony plowed into the milling, nervous herd. The other four Indians bent low over their ponies’ necks, put the herd between themselves and the forest from which the shot had come. Ben groaned. The shot could have come from no one but the Kid. Taken by surprise, but warned now, the other four Sioux were after the Kid. Ben knew that there could be only one result. They would get him. Struggling, bending, and wriggling to hitch himself for- ward an inch at a time, Ben worked toward the saber. For a brief second he poised over it, and the smell of burned flesh and hair mingled with that of the scorched grass as he brought his hands down on it. Then the buckskin thongs burned in two and his hands were free. Ben crawled to the rifle; it was still where the Sioux had laid it. He picked it up, steadied it across his knees, and got a bead on an Indian who was crouching behind a horse. At the shot, the Sioux dropped in his tracks. For a moment there was tense silence. Then, alarmed by the shooting, the horse herd stampeded toward the bottom of the valley. They stopped there, to throw their heads up and stare back at the forest. Mounted, whipping their ponies toward the shelter of the forest at the far end of the meadow, the three Sioux turned in their saddles and shot wildly. Ben’s eyes centered on the leader, the one who had kicked him. Again he rested the rifle across his knees and shot. A grunt of grim satisfaction escaped him when the Indian tumbled from the pony. Shooting from the edge of the forest, the Kid got another. The lone remaining Sioux whipped his pony into the shelter of the trees and safety. P>E.\ turned to watch the Kid emerge from the trees. The Kid’s face was streaked with sweat. The gaudy buck- skin suit he affected was dirty and disheveled. He came close. “That darn stallion!” he panted. “I was ridin’ along nice as you please, and all of a sudden he began to pitch like crazy. I slipped and fell off him. I followed him out here and run right into this. “How’d the Sioux get you, Ben? Aw gee! They hurt your hands!” “It’s nothin’ that a little time an’ b’ar grease won’t fix," Ben murmured. “Did you wait Until sun-up, Kid?” “No,” the Kid admitted. “I started a little before. I knew I could find the way. It can’t be far to the Bowler River. I figured I’d find it over three or four more hills.” He waved a hand straight westward. “It ain’t so very far,” Ben murmured. “I—” For a second the Kid hesitated. Then: “Aw gee, Ben! You ain’t mad, are you, just because that stallion had a lot of luck and pitched me off? It wouldn’t happen again, not in a million years. How was I to know the stallion would smell his mares and want to get ’em? “Honest, I was goin’ to get the cavalry. I can ride. You’ll take me along with you some more, won’t you?” Ben sighed, and looked at the horses that were sixty now instead of thirty. Of course, those with brands would have to go back to their owners if they were still alive. But most of them were unbranded—and most of the owners probably weren’t alive. He could catch his own saddle pony and with him get a mount for the Kid. He sighed again. An expression of awed disbelief spread over his face. Once more the Kid had won out where any- body else would have lost. “I’ll try not to be too mad,” he said feelingly. “And as for taking you along—I just wouldn’t know what to do without you.” The Kid beamed.Long Road To Tomorrow In the torch-glow they saw a man lying in agony at the idol's feet By Arthur Leo Zagat NORMAN FENTON’S Army of Liberty is steadily gath- ering strength; the opportunity for America to throw off an alien tyranny is now at hand. But first the desperate tactics of Yee Hashamoto must be defeated. The Asiric viceroy has summoned two divisions of troops to move up from the Panama Canal, and they will give him sufficient strength to crush the American rebellion. Somehow those two divisions must be halted. In this critical hour President Norman Fenton turns again to Dikar, leader of the Bunch. The boy’s incredibly difficult task will be this: to go alone and secretly down into the jungles of Yucatan, there to seek out the Americans who fled into that wild land at the time of the Asafric invasion. Dikar must rouse these people, to strike at the advancing Asafric divisions. DIKAR is commanded to go without telling his wife Marilee of his mission, and he obeys. But she follows him, as does another Girl of the Bunch, Bessalton. Eventually, after hazardous adventures, these three find an ally and companion, one Jimcorbin. It is he who guides them down to the jjulf of Mexico. They are standing on the shore of the Gulf, bitterly dis- heartened by the length of the journey still ahead of them, when they hear the sound of a fast motorboat. Soon they see it; it is approaching them, and Jimcorbin urges that they hide. But the boat, Dikar says, is their one chance of reaching Yucatan. And he has a plan. . . . CHAPTER XV WARNING IN THE SKY THE put-put-put, got louder as the boat came in between the arms of land. Then it stopped, but peering through the leaves, Dikar saw that the boat still came on toward the shore, the water parting for it, sliding along the clean, long curve of its sides. A very fat Yellow officer stood by the pole that stuck up out of its middle, a thin one stood up in the very front, leaning over and looking dpwn into the water, and there was another one in the back. The one in the front yelled something all of a sudden, and the one in the back dropped something into the water. The Boat stopped moving, its nose very near the shore. The thin Asafric climbed out on the nose of the boat and The first installment of this four-part serial, herein concluded, appeared in the Argosy for March 1 5556 ARGOSY jumped. He landed on the sand and then the other two jumped. They came up on the sand a little way and looked around, as if they didn’t know where they were. The fat Asafric’s. face was round and greasy, and his slant eyes were very little. The one who had been at the back of the boat limped a little. He turned to look out over the water and jabbered something in his high-pitched voice. The others turned and jabbered, as if they were excited and happy and frightened all at the same time. Dikar tried to see what they were looking at, but all he could see was a tiny black cloud, way off on the horizon. He shrugged, stepped sideways into the road and walked out on the sand. He’d left his rifle in the^ushes, but he’d made sure his Asafric uniform was fixed straight, all the buttons but- toned. Thodgh his hair and beard had grown a little so that some gold showed at the roots, he was sure no one would notice it unless they came very close. He kicked a shell on the sand with his bare foot, stopped and stood very straight as the thinnest of the Asafrics wheeled around, his hand darting to the revolver butt in his belt. Dikar snapped his right hand up to his head and down again, the way he’d seen the Black-soldiers do that time in Newyork. The fat officer’s fingers dropped away from his gun. His high-pitched voice jabbered something that Dikar couldn’t understand. Dikar grinned, made noises with his mouth that sounded like they meant something but didn’t really. Doubletalk. The Yellows stared at him, puzzled-looking. Dikar smiled, kind of sheepish, said. “Yoh no un’stan Abyssin talk, sah?” “Is that what you are?” the thin one asked. “An Abys- sinian?” “Yaas, sah. Me Abyssin'boy f’om Mountains ob Moon. Me belong Cap’n Tsi Huan.” This was the name of a real Asafric officer who Dik&r knew led a company of Abys- sinians. “Cap’n sen me—” “Never mind all that. Can you guide us to the closest point where there are substantial buildings?” “Oh yaas, sah I” “Very well. You will do so, at once. We do not wish to be caught— Get moving, boy!” “Yaas, sah.” Dikar snapped hi's hand up to his head again. “Dis way. He turned and started off along the path. THE squelch of shoes in the muck told him the Yellows were following, and he did not have to look back to know that the tangled, thick greenery forced them to walk single file. Dikar speeded up his long strides, got way ahead of the first officer. He went around the big trees at the sharp bend in the path—dropped to hands and knees and crawled under a bush beside the path. “Not so fast!” the thin officer’s thinner voice called. “We don’t want to lose you.” He came around the tree. A green length of vine stretched across the road caught under his chin. A bent- down tree bough, above, snapped up, lifted the Asafric straight up in the air as his frantic hands clawed at the noose that had tightened around his neck. He had time for a single agonized scream before the trap, like those Dikar had so often set for rabbits but much bigger, cut off his breath. The fat man plunged into sight, reaching for his gun. Dikar’s hands shot out from his covert, clamped on muddy ankles, jerked. The Yellow squealed, squashed down into the mud. Dikar leaped on his back and seized the soft throat. A crunching thud told him that Jimcorbin, hiding the other side of the path, had brought his rifle-butt down on the head of the third^Asafric. The Yellow officer pinned under Dikar struggled frantically, but Dikar’s fingers tightened. The roll of yellow fat at the back of the thick neck turned slowly purple. A long quiver ran through the soft body, and then it was very still. High over it a thinner corpse swayed, back and forth with the tree’s gray, looped beards. Dikar unbent his stiffened finger?, shoved up to his feet, turned and went back past the tree. He jumped over what lay in the path there. Jimcorbin’s face was gray, his mouth straight and thin-lipped. “Remind me about my father,” he begged Dikar. “Remind me how my father died.” “I’m remindin myself about all the American men an women who have died since the Asafrics came an how they died, an how the rest have lived. An I’m remindin my- self about the Asafric tanks, that will soon be startin’ out from Panama.” Dikar shook himself and then he was whistling bob-o- link, bob-o-link, the way he used to on the Mountain when, after supper and dishwashin, he wanted to call Marilee away from the Bunch. Bob-o-link the answer came. In the dim, green hush it seemed a strange sound. Dikar and Jimcorbin reached the path’s end and the Girls met them there, their faces anxious. “The boat is ours,” Dikar told them, but only Marilee heard him, because Bessalton had ears and eyes only for Jimcorbin. Dikar was able to smile again, seeing that, and Marilee smiled at him, and Dikar knew that they were both smil- ing because their friends had each found someone to end heartache and loneliness. 44/^OME on, everyone,” Dikar said. “Let’s take the V* boat, now it’s ours, an’ start off. I suppose you can make it go like you could the truck, Jimcorbin.” “Surest thing you know.” Jimcorbin grinned. “I can run that pusher an’ I can sail her if we get a wind. I did plenty of both on old Misissip’ when I was a youngster. But—I dunno.” He looked out over the water. “I don’t like the looks of this sky.” Dikar looked out there too, and the feeling that some- thing terrible was going to happen was back. The awful emptiness, the color of the sky and water. That cloud on the horizon was a little bigger*now, but only a very little, and there was still no wind. '“I don’t like it either,” he said, watching how the breathing of the water had gotten deeper, longer, “but we can’t hang around here. Those Asafric officers must have come from somewhere nearby an’ when they don’t show up, their friends will be out lookin’ for ’em. We’ve started somethin’ we can’t stop.” Jimcorbin nodded. “Let’s go then.” The boat was bigger, when they got on it, than it had seemed from shore and it was all clean and shining every- where. The girls ran around it, excited, but Dikar was too busy helping Jimcorbin and learning a lot of things about a boat, including a lot of new words.LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW	57 He helped fimcorbin pull up the thing the limping Asafric had thrown into the water. It was like a curved arrow of iron, pointed at both ends, with another long rod of iron fastened to the middle. -This, Jimcorbin said, was an anchor. He made Dikar coil up the rope very neatly on the boat’s floor, that Jimcorbin called its deck. The tall pole, like a tree without branches, which stuck up from the middle of the deck was a mast; the sail was a huge cloth folded up and tied—reefed—to another pole that stuck out from the mast and was called a boom. The ropes that would open the sail—unfurl it—were sheets. Toward the back1—the stern—of the boat was a little engine. Dikar turned a big iron wheel on this while Jim- corbin fiddled with it. It wouldn’t getvstarted, and Dikar got mad and turned the flywheel around very fast and then it was going around by itself and the engine was put-put-putting. Jimcorbin grinned, went to a sort of big wooden wheel with a lot of handles sticking out from it. He did some- thing there. “Hey!” Dikar exclaimed, “The land’s mov- ing! and then felt his face get red as Jimcorbin threw his head back and roared with laughter. It was the boat that was moving, of course, not the land. The Girls stood by the rail, up in the prow of the boat, looking out across the Gulf. Dikar could make out only their outlines, slim and lovely against the weird glow of the sky, ankle-length hair rippling very gently in the stir of air through which the boat moved. CO CLEAR was the water that the boat seemed not to ^ be on its surface but to be floating in midair, that reddish-yellow, uneasy light under it as well as above. “You gals better duck in the cabin,” Jimcorbin called, “till we get out of sight of land. Dikar an’ I are all right in our uniforms, but if someone on shore with a glass spots you two—” “Where’s the cabin?” Marilee asked, looking around. “I don’t see any.” “That little house, forward of the mast there.” “Oh!” ’They went into it. Dikar stood straddle-legged to the slow rise and fall of the boat. “I’ve got a funny feeling,” he said after a long while, “here in my stomach.” “It’s going to get funnier,” Jimcorbin said, grinning, “before you’re much older. Say! I think there’s wind coming! Off there!”	f Dikar turned the way Jimcorbin pointed. They were out past the headlands. Far off to the east the water was no longer like a mirror. “Let’s get the sail up,” Jimcorbin said. “Here. I’ve got the wheel lashed. Give me a hand with these sheets. Hey!” His fingers tightened on Dikar’s shoulder. “What’s the matter? You gone deaf?” “No,” Dikar muttered. “No. I was just looking at that cloud. It’s spreadin awful fast.” It had spread all along the eastern horizon. It was a black mass all rolling in on itself the way the smoke of wet wood does, and the edges of the billows were a bright yellow. “We’re in for a storm,” Jimcorbin muttered. “We’ll get as much southing as we can before we have to reef sail again.” They got the sail up and the wind came and filled it. Jimcorbin stopped the engine. The boat flew through the water like a beautiful, great bird, the water hissing along its side. Spray stung Dikar’s cheeks, cold and bracing. He pulled great breaths of the stinging, fresh wind into his lungs which had been muffled so long by the hot, steamy air of the queer woods, and for a while he forgot the funny feel- ing in his stomach. But the water got rougher and the boat rose and fell and the feeling came back. “I’m sick,” he groaned. “Jim- corbin. I’m awful sick,” and just then the Girls burst out of the cabin, their faces green, their eyes staring out of their heads. They ran to the rail, and the next moment Dikar was with them there. Dikar hated Jimcorbin for his ringing laughter, and could cheerfully have killed him, but he was much too busy. After a while Dikar felt a little better. “Go on into the cabin and lie down,” Jimcorbin said. “I’ve already sent the Girls in.” Dikar was so weak he had to hold on to things and drag along the deck. Marilee lay groaning on a, sort of shelf that ran along one wall of the cabin, inside, and Bessalton suffered on the one that ran along the'other wall, so Dikar lay down on the floor and closed his eyes. With his eyes closed he felt a little better and the slow rise and fall, rise and fall of the boat was soothing, and he fell asleep. nPHE forest in which he wandered was dim and ominous, and the ground under his feet rose and fell, rose and fell, in a very strange way. Marilee screamed somewhere and just then a black beast dropped down on Dikar and another leaped at him, claw- ing, and it was Marilee who’d fallen on him from her shelf and Bessalton was clawing at him, thrown clear across the cabin from hers, and the floor of the cabin slanted up from where they were all tangled. It was night and outside the cabin was a terrible, whistling howl and a loud crackT ing, and Jimcorbin shouting something Dikar couldn’t understand. Dikar got free of the Girls somehow, and somehow was climbing to the cabin door. It was shut. Something held it shut, something against which it took all his strength to force the door open. It was the wind that had held the door shut, the wind that howled and pinned Dikar against the cabin wall, staring into a wild waste of water that slanted up into a night sky. Not night. A terrible sort of light filled the air, a lurid light, and the sky was a black mass rolling in on itself in tremendous billows edged with the yellow and terrible light. That loud cracking was the sail and Jimcorbin was fighting with the sheets, his mouth open, shouting some- thing to Dikar. The sail split into a hundred flapping rib- bons that tore away from the mast. Dikar fought up the slant of the deck, fought the wind, till he got one arm around the mast, to which Jimcorbin clung. “What?” he yelled. “What? Storm?” “Storm, hell,” Jimcorbin shouted in his ear. “This— is—a hurricane.” CHAPTER XVI HANDS or THE HURRICANE CFHERE was no up or down, no east or west. For an endless time the world had been nothing but a howling madness that beat Dikar into a sort of nightmare numbness.58	ARGOSY Vaguely he knew that he still lived. Vaguely he knew that the shadowy shapes he saw now and then within some less violent flurry of the storm were Jimcorbin and Marilee and Bessalton. They’d gotten the girls out of the cabin in those first few frantic moments and lashed them with ropes to the mast. There was no cabin any more. There was no mast, only a jagged stump sticking up out of the welter of foam that forever had been pouring across the deck, washing to Dikar’s knees, to his waist, fighting to break the lashings that cut into him. That tree-thick pole had snapped right through, feet over his head, and so great was the roar of the storm that he had not heard it. So great was the strength of the hurricane that the huge mast and its trailing ropes had soared almost straight up into the driving murk, like a dry leaf on fall wind, and so had not crushed the pigmy humans lashed to its splintered stump. That had been very long ago. Since then a night must have come, a morning returned, because there had been a blackness and now there was this lurid, terrible glow. Or had there been many nights and mornings, or none? Dikar could not figure how long it had been. He could not think, could not feel. He was hardly Dikar at all, only a something half-drowned, half-stunned, too beaten to be even afraid. And suddenly he was afraid. Suddenly, the boat was shivering beneath him, its fabric groaning, ready to break apart at last, each separate small inch of it screaming. A loose rope-end slatted sharply, somewhere. Queer that Dikar could hear these small sounds above the deafen- ing wind—and then he realized the amazing truth. There was no wind! There was no wind, all of a sudden, and though about the crippled hulk a vast and foam-streaked waste heaved mountainously, water and air were separate again. SLUMPED against his lashings, a head lolling, Dikar saw the water run from the deck and the deck appear, splintered but whole. He lifted his head, turned it to Marilee. Water streamed from her wet and battered body, hair was soaked and stringy about her slimness, but her eyes lifted to meet his and in them he saw the same wild, unbelieving joy that he knew must be in his own eyes. “It’s over,” he cried. “It’s finished an we’re saved.” “Says you,” Jimcorbin’s voice was husky, tired to the point of agony but still held a shadow .of his familiar chuckle. “I hate to disappoint you, lad an’ lassies, but this isn’t the end of the hurricane. We’ve simply come into its windless center, into the eye of the storm. In a little while it will come again from the other direction.” “Oh no,” Marilee sobbed. “No, Jimcorbin. The boat can’t live through much more.” “No, it can’t. It can’t live through another fifteen minutes of that kind of beating. Well, folks,” his blue lips grinned, “it’s been nice knowing you. I—” “Jimcorbin!” Bessalton cried from the other side of the mast, “Dikar! Look. Off there!” Dikar strained around against the tightness of the ropes, craned to see what it was toward which she flung out a tense, trembling arm. Heaving water. A wrack of cloud. A darker loom within the cloud, formless— “Land,” Jimcorbin gasped. “That’s land!” Marilee’s hand somehow reached, clasped Dikar’s. “Land,” she whispered. “Do you hear, Dikar? It’s land an we’re saved.” “Hold it,” Jimcorbin said. “Hold everything. That shore, whatever it is, is two miles off, at least, maybe more. We’re drifting parallel to it, or a little away, if anything. Our sail’s gone an’ even if we could rig one in the time we’ve got, there is no wind at all. How’re we going to get to it?” “The engine of course,” Dikar was surprised he’d for- gotten. “We’ll get the engine started—” “Take a look.” Jimcorbin jerked his chin to the stern. Dikar looked there and saw a couple of twisted bolts sticking up from split boards, a broken pipe. Nothing else. “The pusher went overboard long ago, an’ I’m afraid there are no oars aboard. Now, if we had wings, maybe—” “We have arms, legs.” Dikar fumbled at his belt. His knife was still in its pocket. “How long have we, Jimcorbin, before the storm swoops back?” “An hour maybe. Maybe a little more.” “Time enough to swim there.” The knife was already cutting Dikar free. “But we’ll have to hurry.” JIMCORBIN was slashing the ropes that held him to the mast’s stump while Dikar worked on Marilee’s. Then, having freed Bessalton, Jimcorbin said: “No sharks, the storm will have sent them to the bottom. There’s a chance, a bare chance of getting away with it.” Dikar tore off the rags the storm had made of his Asafric uniform. “Get undressed, Jimcorbin. Hurry up!” The Girls didn’t need to be told. They’d slipped off their wet sarongs, were knotting their long hair in great bundles, brown, black, atop their heads. “What are you waitin for?” Jimcorbin stared at the other side of the boat. “I—I—” he stammered, his face getting red. “1 know I ought to, but—” “But what?” Dikar snapped, wondering what had come over him. “We’ll be racin the storm an every little thing that might slow us up must be got rid of.” “I know, but—” Marilee caught Jimcorbin’s arm, twisted him around to her. “You idiot,” she blazed, madder than Dikar had ever seen her. “You’re ashamed of seein me an Bessalton with- out clothes an havin us see you without em.” But still Dikar couldn’t understand why Jimcorbin was troubled, just as he’d never understood why Walt had made the Bunch cover themselves up at Wespoint, the Boys with fawnskins an the Girl with their sarongs. What was there about one’s body to be ashamed of? “What you ought to be ashamed of,” Marilee was say- ing, “is the dirtiness that makes you ashamed.”’ “But—but Marilee—” “Oh I know,” she broke in. “It isn’t your fault. You’ve been taught to think that the body God gave you is dirty, an to be hidden, no matter what. Well,” she shrugged, let- ting go of him. “If you’d rather be drowned then have Bessalton an me see you naked, all right. But don’t expect us to be such fools.” “You win.” Jimcorbin grinned like a kid that’s been caught doing some silly thing. He started to pull off his uniform. DIKAR lifted an arm over his head and put it into the water and kicked. Eyes squinted shut against the salt burn of the water, he lifted the other arm and put it into the water and kicked.LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW 59 He’d been doing this forever. Arm, kick. Arm, kick. He would keep on doing it forever. Arm, kick. He was tired, awful tired. Somewhere far off, there was a rumbling. The storm returning. What was the use? Why not stop and sink peacefully into the green, quiet water, before the storm came. “Look!” Jimcorbin’s voice was in his ear. “Look there, Dikar.” Dikar opened his eyes. That mass, not far—strange trees, leaning, all branches stripped from them. Green stuff, fluttering. But the vast howling of the storm wind, nearing swiftly. “Come on! Come on, Marilee! Come on, everybody!” Fast, fast, never mind how tired. Fast toward that smother of foam, that hollow boom of water on land. The water had a thousand hands plucking at Dikar to pull him back. The water had a thousand fists battering him. But he fought it. He fought it and had an arm to help Marilee fight it and all of a sudden there was ground under his feet and he was dragging Marilee up out of the angry water and they were on land, no more water, and he knew that Jim- corbin and Bessalton were staggering beside them, and the rumble of the hurricane was coming closer. “Keep going,” Jimcorbin gasped. “We’ve got to find- some sort of shelter. Keep going.” They were in the woods, staggering, stumbling away from the shore. They were threshing into the woods. There were smells in Dikar’s nostrils, smells of soaked earth, of broken wood, sap oozing. They were fighting through a nightmare tangle of green- ery, twisted vines, uprooted trees. Queer trees, their trunks furred with red hairvinstead of bark. Queer leaves, long and narrow and spreading from a middle point like fingers of a spread hand. Or was it the swiftly deepening dark- ness that made them seem so queer? The lurid glow like the strange light of a dreadful dream? “I—I can’t go any further,” Dikar heard Bessalton whimper, close behind, and heard Jimcorbin grunting, “You’ve got to. We’ve got to beat that storm—” IT STRUCK! It pounced on the woods like some gigantic, howling beast and the woods exploded into an awful roar about them, filled with a crash of falling trees, a hail of flying splinters. Dikar tightened his arm around Marilee, saw that her mouth was open, shouting something, but he could not hear her. Terror leaped into her eyes and she dragged back on him, her hands grabbing at him, pulling him to a stop. Right here, right in front of Dikar, thunder crashed. No, not thunder 1 Where there had been only wind-threshed green a huge, furred tree-trunk lay; it would have struck him had Marilee not dragged him back. It rocked, was trying to roll, would crush them if it rolled. They had to get away from it, but it blocked them off. Back then! They couldn’t go back, another tree had crashed behind them, just behind Jimcorbin and Bessalton who stared at it, eyes dazed, mouths twisted grotesquely. The huge tree-trunks shielded them a little from the almost solid wind, but the rocking trunks were a greater danger. If one or both rolled just a little more. . . . Dikar looked to the rigjit. The trees slanted to each other, blocked escape. To the left, then. The great masses of their roots had some space between. The roots were packed with earth. They must have left deep pits where they pulled out all that earth? “This way!” Dikar shouted, but he knew that even Marilee, crushed to him, could not hear. He shoved her in the direction he wanted her to go, beat with his fists at Bessalton and Jimcorbin to make them understand. Fran- tically he drove them along between the rocking trees, past the root masses. The full force of the solid wind hit them, but even in the half-night Dikar saw he’d been right. There were deep holes here where roots had spread for ages on ages. He threw himself against Marilee, Jimcorbin, and they all went down into one of the holes together, tumbled in slithery mud at its bottom. The wind was not quite so bad; the shreds of the storm- ripped woods went by overhead. Dikar untangled himself from the floundering, mud-plastered bodies, lifted his head. He saw a black opening in the earth-wall to one side, blinked, hitched himself to it. And then he was waving wildly to the others, his mouth forming a shout they could not hear. “A cave. It’s a cave. We’re saved.” They could not hear him but they saw what he wanted, floundered to him. Dikar shoved Bessalton past him into the black hole, then the two others, and he crawled into it himself. It was black dark in there, and the roar of the storm was loud behind, but the storm no longer battered them. rviKAR lay panting. He lifted his head, all of a sudden, his nostrils flaring. The air in here smelled musty, dead, and by that Dikar knew that this was an old cave the roots and the trees had grown up to cover. There was a smell of salt water too, strangely, and be- neath the roar of the storm he could hear a hollow boom- ing, like that which had -pounded his ears before he’d gotten deep into the woods. That meant that somewhere this cave must have another opening'to the Gulf. These things flashed through Dikar’s mind as he stared into the dark, but they were not what had brought his head up so sharply, not what made him stare so intently over the pale forms of his companions, into the dimness beyond. Another smell threaded the smells of rock' and earth and ancient wood, a smell that frightened him. What was it? It was not so dark any longer, in there. His eyes were getting used to the night and by the little light filtering in through the opening behind, he saw that the cave was narrow, too low for a man to stand upright, for a little way. But further in it widened. In that bigger part, he saw— Blackness ismashed down on him, with a tremendous crash. Bessalton screamed. “It’s all right,” Jimcorbin grunted. “AH that’s happened is that the palm’s rolled over and its roots have closed up the entrance.” Dikar’s skin was an icy sheath for his body. The way out was blocked! Naked, defenseless, they were shut in here with the dreadful thing he’d made out, deep there within the cave, in the instant before all light went. CHAPTER XVII HOUSE OF THE GODS 'T'HAT which Dikar had seen, there in the blackness, had been man-shape in a bloated, hideous sort of way,60 ARGOSY but it had been high as two of .the tallest men Dikar had ever seen, wide as four, and it had been gray all over, the gray of something long dead. Its head was a full half of its height, neckless, squarish and thick through as its swollen-bellied body and it had the beak of a bird, the great hook-curved, sharp and cruel beak of an enormous eagle. Each side of that beak there was a black pit, round, huge, within which terrible eyes had seemed to lurk. Something touched Dikar, and he whirled. But it was Marilee’s hand. “What’s the matter?” she demanded, her voice suddenly sharp against the muffled storm-roar. “What’s scared you?” “Nothin,” he grunted, pushing ahead of her a little, so that he’d be between her and that Thing. “I’m not scared. But be quiet. For the love of God, quiet.” Crouched, dry-mouthed, he strained to catch the smallest sound. The Thing’s pointed ears, grotesquely small at the corners of its square head, had been perked in the instant he’d glimpsed it, as if it had been trying to separate the noises they made from the storm-howl, the far-off boom of storm-roused waters. Had it heard them? Was it creep- ing toward them now, silent, stealthy? But it couldn’t. It was too big, much too big, to get into this part of the cave where they were. It couldn’t get at them. As long as they stayed here, they were safe. Dikar let himself breathe again, even made himself laugh a little. “I thought—no tellin what the storm might have driven in here,” he said. “We’d better be careful, folks, keep close together, not move around at all till we can see where we’re goin. There might be snakes, or hidden holes in the cave-floor—” “You are scared,” Marilee broke in. “The way you’re babblin, I know you’re terrible scared, Dikar. You did see somethin. What was it you saw?” “Some shadow, I guess. Some trick of light an shade.” “No, Dikar. Light an shade don’t smell like fresh-spilt blood.” That was it! That was what this smell was that had frightened him even before he saw the Thing. . . . What was that? What was that deep, hoarse noise? “Someone groaned,” Bessalton exclaimed. “I heard some- one groan, way in there.” Jimcorbin made a queer sound with his throat. “Some- body’s in there, badly hurt. Hear it?” From within the lightless secret depths the hoarse moan came again. “Must have been smashed during the first part of the storm, crawled in here. We’ve got to help him, Dikar. Come on.” JT'HERE was a rattle of little stones as he lifted. “No!” Dikar flung out a terrified hand in that direction, caught hold of a stubbled jaw. “No, Jimcorbin. Don’t move. Marilee! Bessalton! Don’t any of you dare move from here.” “What the devil?” “What is it, Dikar?” Marilee’s calm, low voice asked. “Tell us what has you so scared. We have a right to know We’re not babies. What did you see, back there?” “I don’t know.” “That’s crazy. You must know what you saw.” “I ought to, but I just don’t believe it.” Dikar told about it. “I think the worst part is its color,” he ended. “Gray. Like dead wood, or weathered stone—” A roar of laughter from Jimcorbin broke in on him, a howl of rollicking laughter. “I’m not kiddin!” Dikar flared, angry. “I did see that gray Thing back there!” “Sure,” Jimcorbin spluttered. “Sure you saw it, old man.” He managed to stop laughing. “But it’s nothing to be frightened of. It’s gray like stone because it is stone. It’s a statue carved out of stone and the men that carved it have been dead for at least six centuries, if I remember my archaeology right. What you saw was the statue of a Mayan god.” “Mayan? What—?” “The Mayas were the people of a vanished civilization. By the Lord Harry! I just realized—that statue shows that we’ve reached exactly the place we were aiming for. Yucatan. “This peninsula was the Mayas’ last refuge and its jungle is full of their relics, huge pyramids like the one at Chichen Itza, temples, like the one at Uxmal, sacrificial wells. Your sculptured friend in there has probably had countless human sacrifices made to him in his time, but that sort of thing hasn’t happened for hundreds of years—” He checked. It was only a shadow of sound now, deep there in the blackness. A shadow of a word. “Help.” Marilee’s fingers dug into Dikar’s arm. “Help!” The word whispered to them again. “English,” Marilee breathed. “Oh Dikar. It’s an Amer- ican that lies hurt in there an he’s heard us; he’s callin to us to help him. We’ve got to, Dikar. We’ve got to find an help him.” “Yes. Sure. But we can’t go plungin in there, without bein able to see a thing. We’re liable to break a leg. Any- thin might happen. If only there was some way to get some light.” “There’s pieces of dry wood, here where I am.” That was Bessalton. “They feel like pieces of some root broken off when the tree fell.” “An there are all these loose stones around.” Dikar felt better, now there was something to do. “Wait there, Bessal- ton. I’m comin there to you.” TTE FOUND her without trouble, cleared a space on the rock floor where she was, took some bits of root-bark from her and scratched fuzz from their inside surface with his fingernails. He made a little pile of this, felt for and picked up two stones, cracked them together near the fuzz. Sparks flew, were gone. Dikar cracked the stones to- gether again. They sparked, but nothing happened. He kept on doing this. He kept on doing it till his hands were sore, his fingers aching. “No use,” Jimcorbin sighed. “You’re just wasting time, an’ meanwhile that poor brute’s stopped calling.” “Wastin time, am I?” Dikar grunted. “Look.” One of the countless sparks hadn’t gone out. It glowed, a red dot in the black where the pile of fuzz was. Dikar’s hands went down to it, he let his breath drift across it. Nobody moved. Nobody spoke. The spot brightened, grew. Dikar dared to breathe a little more strongly. The pile of fuzz was all alight, and it throbbed like a bright red heart. Dikar broke a little splinter from the piece of bark in his hands, put it on the red pile. But it went dark. “Now you’ve spoiled it,” Jimcorbin groaned. But Dikar kept blowing, very carefully. At last a flame popped out of the splinter, yellow, no bigger than a fly’s wing. Dikar held his breath and with his fingertips put another tiny splinter across the first. It caught. A third splinter spread the flame a little more. A fourth, quite a bit bigger.LONG ROAD TO TOMORROW 61 Dikar’s fire was growing swiftly. Now he could feed it the sticks Bessalton handed him, small ones at first, then bigger and bigger ones. A small but healthy bonfire crackled on the cave’s stony floor. Dikar sat back on his haunches, and grinned at Jimcorbin. The latter grinned back, “I apologize,” he said. “Here.” He thrusti a piece of twisted root at Dikar, wrist- thick, about the length of his forearm. “This will make’ a good torch. Let’s get it lit and go take a look-see.” The firelight threw black, wavering shadows on the rocky walls. Naked except for the mud with which they were plastered, crouched in the red glow, the four of them looked exactly like the people in a picture Walt once showed to Dikar of humans who lived on earth thousands and thou- sands of years ago. Dikar lifted the root, its tip flaming now, said, “Come on, Jimcorbin. You Girls stay here by the fire an wait for us.” “Like fun" we will,” Bessalton came back at him. “You two can go ahead, but we’re goin to be right behind you.” “But—” “Stop arguin,” Marilee snapped. “I haven’t heard the hurt man a long while now. If we waste any more time, we’ll be too late to help him.” Dikar shrugged, picked up a fist-size stone from the rubble, waited for Jimcorbin to do the same. They had to go on hands and knees, the roof of the cave was so low, but it was wide enough so that they two could crawl side by side, and the Girls the same way behind them. Dikar had to hold the torch right in front of him, and it blinded him to what was ahead, but as they went on the smell of blood grew stronger. All of a sudden, the floor ended. Dikar stopped, was bumped into by one of the Girls, heard Jimcorbin gasp: “Almighty 1 Look at that! ” rilKAR looked, saw that the torchlight had spread out into a huge cave. But those high rock walls, that wide stone floor, were too smooth, too straight, to be the walls ■ and floor of a cave. This was a huge room men had hol- lowed out in the depths of the earth, long ago. In the wall opposite was a black hole like this one, and out of that hole came the booming of the Gulf. Like a shelf beneath the two openings was the topmost of three descend- ing rows of huge, squared stones that end to end ran all around the cavern. They were benches where many people could sit and look at the gray statue. Thick-legged, swollen-bellied, hawk-beaked, it stood on a great stone platform in the center. On this platform, across the statue’s talons, lay a man naked except for a narrow belt of gold around his waist, and a curiously looped, wider strap of green and gold which went down between his legs and around under him. “Did I say there were no human sacrifices any more?” Jimcorbin muttered. “I was a liar, Dikar.” The man’s eyes were closed, but his hands were pressed to his belly, and they were brown-splotched with blood. It had come from a deep and terrible gash that still was scarlet with undried blood. The man’s chest moved. He breathed, shallowly. He was still alive. Dikar thrust the torch into Jimcorbin’s hand, leaped down into the cavern, bounded across it's floor and up on the platform to kneel beside the man. “Help.” The faint moan came from black, shriveled lips. “Help’s here,” Dikar said. “We heard you and came to you.” The bluish eyelids flickered, opened, and half-seeing eyes found Dikar’s face. “True . . . Heard English . . . thought . . . dreaming.” The lids closed again. “Water.” “Gosh,” Dikar groaned. “Where’m I goin to find water in here?” “Spring.” A hand jerked sideways, as if to point. “Behind.” “I’ll go look.” Marilee’s head was at the platform level. “I think I heard it as I climbed down; I think I know where he means.” She sped away Into a growing light. Jimcorbin was running along the top tier of benches, touching his flame to other torches slanting out from the wall, held by stone brackets. They flared. Marilee was tugging a a gold ring fastened to one of the stones in the lowest row. Bessalton came to help her and the two Girls pulled hard. The stone was sliding out. Dikar heard a tiny tinkle of water. He turned back to the man beside whom he knelt. “She’s found it. You’ll have your water.” The skin, drawn tightly over a skull-like head, was beginning to shine like wax. The scrawny chest was fighting for air. If the man died before Dikar found out—“Who are you?” Dikar cried. “Hen—Small.” “No.” He had to know. “I mean are you an American? Are you one of those who escaped across the Gulf when the Asafrics came?” “Escaped?” The corners of the tortured mouth twitched. “Yes. Escaped—Asafrics.” Dikar’s heart pounded his ribs. “Where are they?” He’d found them. This Hensmall was one of them and he could tell where the others were. “Where?” He must tell before the man died. “Where do I go to find the others?” “Go?” The cracked mouth was open now, in a hideous grimace. “T’Hell, m’lad.” The voice that came from it was a crow’s caw. “Come wi’ me an’ find ’em in Hell I’m th’ last—th’ last of ’em all.” “Here is water.” Marilee shoved past Dikar, knelt, gently lifted Hen- small’s head and held a gold cup to his mouth. Dikar saw her through a gray, throbbing haze. Sunk back on his haunches, he stared at the hawk-god’s monstrous thick legs and he was all empty inside, and all he could hear was that crow-caw: “The last. I’m the last of ’em all.” This was the end of his journey from the Mountain. The long, long road to Tomorrow had ended in the same black yesterday where it began. CHAPTER XVIII THIS FINERY IS FOR DEATH T^HERE were murmurs around Dikar. A hand was on his shoulder, was shaking him gently. A voice, Jimcorbin’s, was asking, “What’s the matter, Dikar? What’s struck you?” Dikar said dully, “We’re licked. He’s the last—” “The last,” Hensmall’s hoarse whisper repeated the word. “Last of five hundred.” Marilee was supporting his head, and his eyes were open again, bright with a strange, black fire. “We licked th’ Asafrics. We licked th’ storms on th’ Gulf.” A new strength had come to his hoarse voice, a strange flare-up. “We licked th’ jungle.” He wasn’t looking at62 ARGOSY Marilee or at any of them. He was staring up into the fierce face of the gray statue that loomed above them. “But we couldn’t lick yer copper-colored devils. They did fer us, one by one, an’ sent us t’Hell tuh look'for yeh.” “Lie quiet an you’ll be all right,” Marilee murmured to him, but that strange hoarse babble went on. “Yeh-’re white, they say, an’ we were white, so they sent us tuh th’ white man’s Hell tuh look fer yeh an’ tell yeh tuh come back tuh them, five hundred one by one an’ I’m the last. Mebbe I’ll find yeh. Mebbe I’ll find yeh in Hell, but I’ll be damned if I’ll tell yeh they want yeh back, Kukulcan.” Jimcorbin grunted and his fingers dug into Dikar’s shoulder. “D’yeh hear me,” Hensmall shrieked, sitting all the way up now, with impossible strength. “I’m th’ last an’ I won’t send yeh back tuh them, an’ so they’re licked. Licked—” A terrible, croaking laugh broke into the words, arched the wasted body, flung it back down on the stone floor, and left it there lifeless. “Oh,” Marilee whispered. “He’s better off than we are.” Jimcorbin’s mouth was grim as he said that, his face lined as he bent and got fingers under Marilee’s elbow, urging her up to her feet. “His troubles are over. Come on, let’s get off this thing. Come on, Dikar—Bessalton.” BESSALTON stopped, half-turned toward the black hole where they’d come in. “I think the storm’s ended, people.” She was trying to get their thoughts off what they’d just heard and seen. “I don’t hear the wind any more.” “Yeah. It didn’t last as long as the first part of the hurricane.” Jimcorbin was looking at the other hole, the one out of which the boom of the wide water came to fill the cavern. “But the waves will stay high for a long while yet, thank God.”	t Marilee twisted to him. “Why do you say that, Jim- corbin? Why are you glad that the waves will stay high a long time?” “Because—” he checked, and his face was cut by deep lines, old-looking. “All right,” he decided. “There’s no sense my holding back. As long as the sea stays high, that entrance is inaccessible, and since the other one is blocked, we’re safe here.” “Safe? What do you mean?” “The Mayas of course. They—” “But you said the Mayas vanished long ago.” “I said that their civilization did. The people themselves didn’t. Degenerate, reverted to savagery, they still prowl this jungle. I knew that. What I didn’t know was that their religion still lived, their religion of human sacrifice. Their worship of Kukulcan.” “That’s what Hensmall called that dreadful statue.” “Exactly. That gave me the clue to the rest of his delirium. Kukulcan was their—well their human per- sonification of their god, something like our Christ is to us. “Sometime in the past, the legend goes, he lived among men and those were the Mayas’ golden days. A long, long time ago, he went away, and their troubles began. But they believe he will come back to earth some day, and raise them again to their ancient glory.” “They made statutes of him.” Marilee was big-eyed. “An they killed people in front of the statues so that they’d go look for Kukulcan an tell him to come back.” “Yes. It didn’t work, though, and finally they gave up; But to understand this, you’ve got to know that in the ancient legend Kukulcan wasn't copper-colored, but white. “So when the white refugees showed up here in their jungle, the Mayas must have gotten the idea that what had been wrong all the time was they’d been sending copper-colored souls as messengers to him, while he natur- ally would be in some white part of the Other World. “The rest is plain enough. They captured the Americans whenever .they got a chance, and—” “Brought them here,” Bessalton whispered. “Killed em, one by one. What beasts!” UpvON’T.” Marilee put her hand on Bessalton’s arm. “Don’t call em that, because we’ve been doin almost the same thing. We’ve been killin humans to make things better for ourselves. Isn’t that almost the same thing?” “Oh,” Bessalton cried, “how can you say that? We’re in a war—” “Hold it. Hold it, you two,” Jimcorbin tried to grin, but his lips were too stiff. “Right now what we ought to be thinking about is getting out of here before the sea goes down and those birds come back.” “What makes you so sure they will come back as soon as the sea goes down?” Dikar had got interested. “After all, Jimcorbin, they think Hensmall was the last one of the whites, and so why should they hurry back?” “Because they didn’t finish. I read a lot about all this when I was a kid, and I know that this sacrifice wasn’t finished.” “How? How do you know?” “His heart— Hell, Dikar, I don’t want to explain the bloody business; but take it from me, they were driven from here by the coming of the hurricane before they finished, and so they’ll be back. If they find us here when they come—four more whites—well, what happens to us won’t be pretty. We’ve got to get out of here.” “Where? Where will we go?” “Anywhere, so it’s not here.” “Out in the jungle?” Dikar kept on. “Do you think we’ll be safe out there? Five hundred Americans weren’t. No. No, Jimcorbin. I don’t want to be hunted day after day, night after night. I say we stay here an if your Mayas come, die fightin em.” “Very fine. A very fine sentiment, my boy. There’s only one thing wrong with it. Look at us.” Jimcorbin spread his arms wide. “Naked as the day we were born. Empty- handed. What are we going to fight with?” “Dikar! Jimcorbin! We have got things to fight em with.” Marilee was excited. “Clothes to wear an arms to fight with. We have loads of em.” “We have?” Jimcorbin stared at her. “Where?” “In here. Behind the stone we pulled out. Come.” She caught his wrist, was pulling at him. “Come. I’ll show you.” rPHEY went around the end of the big stone and through the place where it had been, and the light from the torches around the wall of the big cavern followed them, threw their shadows ahead of them into a dim space that held the tinkle of running water. Dikar came into that space, and all of a sudden there was a glory in that dimness, a glory of green and scarlet and blue and yellow, vivid and glowing.	# “Gosh,” he breathed. “Oh gosh.” The blues and scarlets and greens were feathers, hangingLONG ROAD TO TOMORROW 63 on one stone wall. Cloaks woven of feathers. Belts. Head- dresses of long feathers colored like no feathers Dikar had ever seen. And the yellow—that was gold. Golden bowls and cups and plates piled in niches cut into another wall, hundreds of them, and there were spears of gold, gold bows strung with cord of golden wire, knives of gold whose handles were a green, transparent stone flashing in the dim light so brightly that it hurt Dikar’s eyes to look at them. And all the golden things had pictures hammered into them, beau- tiful pictures of men dressed in the feathery finery. “A treasure house,” Jimcorbin murmured. “A fortune in the gold the Conquistadores hunted and the Indians hid from them. A fortune—and not worth a tinker’s damn to us. Pd give you the whole shooting match for a bellyful of food.” “There’s food here, too,” Marilee answered him. “Here.” She darted to the other end of the room, where the tinkle of water came from. “Strange-looking fruits, but they must be good to eat.” Dikar saw them piled against the wall, and he saw the spring that trickled out of the mouth of a snake carved on the wall and ran into a little bowl below. It was a queer snake, it had wings. “I get it.” Jimcorbin pointed to a couple of golden chains that hung from rings fastened to the wall between the spring and the pile of fruits. “They chain their sac- rificial victim here till they are ready and since he <4s to be honored to the gods, they make sure that he’s well fed. “Seeing that we’re going to be honored that way, we might as well take everything that goes with it. But I make a motion that we get washed first, and get some clothes on. “I haven't forgotten your lecture, Marilee,” he chuckled, “but since it isn’t going to hinder us from dying when our hosts return to make us welcome, I’m quite sure you won’t scold me for wanting to meet my Maker properly dressed, and in a style to which I’m not accustomed.” “Of course, Jimcorbin. In fact”—and she laughed— “Bessalton an I can’t wait to get into those wonderful things ourselves.” They were, all of a sudden, merry as they’d ever been ) on the Mountain. They knew they were going to die soon, and so it seemed easy to find pleasure in small things. 46T’M AWFUL glad I washed out the black from your -1-hair an beard,” Marilee told Dikar. “I like havin’ my blond mate back again. An I think you look fine.” “I feel like an awful fool.” The only thing Dikar liked about this business was the bow he had in his hand, a bent arc of gold sweetly balanced; and the quiver of golden- shafted, scarlet-feathered and obsidian-pointed arrows slung over his shoulder. “I’m goin to take it off.” “Don’t you dare. Turn around an let me see how you look from the back.” Dikar turned slowly. The great cloak of brilliant feath- ers wasn’t so bad. It was light at least, and warm, and the designs that had been woven into it—of winged snakes and snarling wildcats and so on—were interesting to look at.	„ It was the towering headdress Marilee had put on his head that bothered him. Why, it was half as high again as he was, and two feet wide, it was all waving green feathers and carved wood painted in bright colors. It was a silly thing for anyone to wear. “Don’t you think he’s beautiful, Bessalton?” Marilee asked, laughing. “He’s pretty swell,” the other Girl answered, “but I think Jimcorbin looks better, even if you did take the best things for Dikar.” “Wait.. I’ve got an idea.” Jimcorbin turned around. “Listen kids. I’ve been thinking about that poor fellow up there on the altar. We can’t bury him, but we could at least cover him up and say a prayer over him.” “Oh yes.” The smiles died from their faces. “I know just the thing,” Bessalton exclaimed. “A beautiful blanket woven out of green feathers.” She disappeared behind the big stone, was back with it again. “Come on.” They climbed to the platform ai^d the Girls covered Hensmall’s stiffening body. Then they straightened, looked around expectantly. “Go ahead, Jimcorbin,” Dikar muttered. “You know what to say.” “Well . . . look. Let’s do this thing right. You stand here, right in front of this statute, and the gals either side of you,” Jimcorbin moved them to the positions he meant, “an’ I—” He stiffened. “We’ve got visitors.” Dikar followed the direction of his suddenly narrowed eyes, to the opening they hadn’t been thinking about at all, the one from the jungle. A figure dropped from it to the top of the bench underneath, a red-brown, weazened man with long, black hair, a flattened, squash-nosed face, naked except for a breech-clout around his middle. The Maya twisted, saw them, froze. But another came through the opening and a third, and they all had long black tubes in their hands and from the tunnel behind them came a great rustling that told of many more coming. “Caught,” Jimcorbin whispered. “Caught out in the open where we haven’t even a chance.” “I’ll get a couple,” Dikar muttered, snatching an arrow from his quiver and fitting it to the bow, “before they get us.” CHAPTER XIX RETURN OP KUKULCAN T^HE first Maya squealed something, in evident terror. -*■ Dikar’s muscles bulged as he stretched his bow. “No!” Jimcorbin snapped. “No, Dikar. Hold that pose but don’t shoot. Don’t move.” There were five or six of the little brown men out there now, and they made a mark one couldn’t miss. “Why?” Dikar demanded. “Why shouldn’t I shoot?” “That was a sort of queer Spanish that brute yelled, and I think— By Jehosaphat, we have got a chance—a damned good chance! Hold it. Hold it, everybody. Don’t show them you’re scared. Just stay the way you are. Look at that!” The brown men had dropped to their knees, there on the stone top of the benches. They were bending forward till their heads touched the stone. No more were coming out of the black hole. “I don’t understand,” Bessalton whispered. “I don’t understand why they’re doin that.” - Jimcorbin grunted. “It’s plain enough. Here’s Dikar, standing over their sacrifice, the last white they had to sacrifice to Kukulcan. He’s tall, gigantic in that head- dress, and he’s blond-haired, blond-bearded. White-faced. They think he’s—”64	ARGOSY “Kukulcan!” Marilee exclaimed. “Exactly. That hurricane—it broke just as they were making the sacrifice. You see? He came on the wings of the hurricane. “Put your bow down now, Dikar, but slowly, with dig- nity. And then, the way a god would, in a sort of fatherly way, sorrowful because of their sins, but forgiving, beckon to them to come nearer.” “Nearer? But—” “Do as I say! You’re Kukulcan. You’re their white god Who went away centuries ago and now you’ve come back because—” He broke off, and then his eyes bright- ened. “You’ve come back because their ancient enemies, the Toltecs, are coming from the south again, as they did long ago, to destroy them. “The Toltecs are coming in great monsters of steel, and with thunders to demolish them, but you’ve come to lead your children against the monsters of the Toltecs. Do you understand?” “I understand,” Dikar murmured. “Yes, Jimcorbin.” He lowered his bow slowly, and slowly he lifted his arm and beckoned his worshipping people to him. T>UT THEY did not move. They stayed there, bowed to the stone. “They didn’t see me, Jimcorbin. They don’t dare to look at me.” “Call them.” “I don’t know their language. They won’t understand me.” “Call them anyway. Call them in the doubletalk you used on the beach. I’ll talk to them. I’ll tell them you speak only with the tongue of the gods, the ancient, for- gotten language, an’ that’s why you brought me along to interpret your words to them.” “All right,” Dikar said and then his mouth opened and sounds came from it. They were meaningless sounds, but they were deep-chested and round and booming in that great cavern like a god’s sounds should be. And the little brown men looked up and then Dikar waved them to come to him, standing straight in his feathered cloak the way a god should stand, his headdress towering over him, making him gigantic. Dikar called the Mayas and they came, the six who’d bowed to him came, and more and more, crawling out of the black hole from the jungle, till the altar was ringed around by a sea of the long-haired, flat-nosed, brown little men, kneeling to their god, Kukulcan. . And then Kukulcan spoke to them, his voice like thun- der, and the little god, Utzlcoatl, spoke to them in their own tongue and told them why it was that Kukulcan had at last answered the messengers they had sent to him; why he had come to them and what they must do. From: A History oj the Asiatic-African World Hege- mony, Zajir Uscudan, Ph. D. (Bombay) LL.D. (Singa- pore) F. I. H. S., etc. Third Edition vol. 3 Chap 198, ft Most of the legend of Dikar is apocryphal, but there is nothing apocryphal about the record of the posthumous court-martial of Lieutenant General Miyamara. Miyamara himself was dead, of course, by hara-kiri, but Viceroy Yee Hashamoto was not willing that he should thus easily escape punishment for the loss of three hundred Asafric tanks, and the defeat of Hashamoto’s brilliant plan to put an end to the great uprising of his American slaves. Here is an extract from this record, a small part of the / story of an officer, Major Wan Hunan. For his part in the debacle, he died under the lash on the plaza before City Hall in New York. “I was riding in my staff car, at the head of my battalion of tanks, along the narrow defile where the Pan-American Highway pierces the Sierra Madre, between Queseltenango, Guatamala, and Tapachulai, Chiapas, Mexico. “It was an exceedingly hot day and, since neither our reeonnaisance planes nor the outflanking scouts had re- ported any intimation of danger, I followed orders in permitting my men to ride with turrets open. Those who could be spared from the actual operation of their vehicles were allowed to dispose themselves in the outer portions thereof, so as to be as cool as possible. “Quite suddenly, my driver collapsed. Lieutenant Li Togo, riding alongside him in the front seat, seized the wheel, and fell dead over it. I noted a little feathered dart in his neck, then became aware of a terrific crash behind me, as the two lead tanks collided. “In the next instant huge boulders descended from the cliffs above, thundering into the tanks all along the line, causing damage ranging all the way from a simple destruc- tion of the caterpillar tread to a complete overturn of the vehicle. “These gigantic stones caused a number of casualties, but the confusion they brought about, the screams of the wounded men, the shouts of those who were merely fright- ened, was worse than the actual damage. “All this time not a human being had appeared. “My superstitious Blacks were about to break. In desperation, I shouted the order to fire anyway, into the jungle, at the top of the cliffs, anywhere. As the men began to execute this order, a horde of copper-colored savages rushed onto the highway, a human wave of ap- palling fury. “Many of my Blacks died, but the others, seeing a hu- man enemy now, fought bravely. The brown attackers wavered, and victory was in our grasp. But in that in- stant a great voice bellowed unintelligible sounds through the screams and crash of the conflict, and on a rock high above the road I saw what appeared to be a gigantic bird, feathers flashing in vivid colors. “Before my very eyes, the bird became a veritable colossus of a man, blond-haired, blond-bearded. From a bow of solid gold he sent arrow after arrow into the seething madness below, and each arrow seemed to multi- ply into a hundred screeching savages against whose knives my Blacks were helpless. . . .” There follows an account of Major Human’s own escape, which if we wish to believe him, was accomplished by epic feats of strength and endurance. What interests us, how- ever, is the way he sums up this one story of what was perhaps Dikar’s greatest single exploit. Thus: “There may be some consolation, your Excellency and most honorable members of this court-martial, in the re- flection that this disaster was brought about by an inex- plicable raid of savages—an accident, so to speak, that could not have been foreseen—and not by the presumptu- ous American slaves whose puny efforts against the might of our armies are foredoomed to failure.” May the writer, in the interests of historic accuracy, point out that the “savages” were Americans, the oldest race of Americans that still exists on the Western Continent? THE END.Kidneys Must Clean Out Acids Excess acids, poisons and wastes in your blood are removed chiefly by your kidneys. Getting up Nights, Burning Passages, Backache, Swollen Ankles, Nervousness, Rheumatic Pains, Dizziness, Circles Under Eyes, and feeling worn out, often are caused by non-organic and non-systemic Kid- ney and Bladder troubles. Usually in such cases, the very first dose of Cystex goes right to work helping the Kidneys flush out excess acids and wastes. And this cleansing, purifying Kidney ac- tion, in just a day or so, may easily make you feel younger, stronger and better than in years. A printed guarantee wrapped around each pack- age of Cystex insures an immediate refund of the full cost unless you are completely satisfied. You have everything to gain and nothing to lose under this positive money back guarantee so get Cystex from your druggist today for only 35c. 6fTTlilS'WE<l EPlri?*Of I Sa FISHING DIGEST* § • Just out-new 1941 edition! » A digest of the year’s best fKw*0 articles on fishing. 100 pages *	^ of facts, fiction, thrills. In- cludes chart of world’s record catches. Also in- formation on outboard motors. Sent free! Write JOHNSON MOTORS, 1611 Pwrtrtwg Wd., Waukegan, III. Believe In Luck?-$ Carry a pair ©f GENUINE [BRAHMA RED LIVE HIGH- ILY MAGNETIC LODESTONES! Legend reputes, Occult Oriental ancients superstitiously carried two Live Lodettwies as MOST POWERFUL MAGNETIC ‘■LUCKY" CHARMS, one to ["attract” Good Lock in Money, Games, Love, Business, Work, etc., the other to “pre- vent” Bad Luck, Losses, Evil, Trouble, Harm, etc. Be- lieve in Luck? Carry a Pair of these curious Genuine Brahma Red Live Lodestones! We make no supernatural claims. $1.97 Postpaid for the two, with all information. $1.97 and l5o extra if C.O.D. Satisfaction GUARAN- TEED or Money Returned. Order yours NOW! ASTROL CO., Dept. 86, Main P. 0. Box 72, BROOKLYN, N. Y. NOTICE! Beware of imitations! We absolutely GUAR- ANTEE these Genuine Brahma Lodestones are ALIVE] We believe they are just what you want, the REAL THING—POWERFUL DRAWING. EXTRA HIGHLY MAGNETIC! Fully Guarantod—Order TODAY! Copy- right 1937—A. Co. 3c A DAY HOSPITALIZATION PLAN $ Pays Up To i 325 HOSPITAL AND SURGICAL FEES FREE INFORMATION 23,000 people go to hospitals every day• Learn how Hospital and Surgical care is provided for every member of your family in case of sickness or accident. Plan permits you to go to any hospital in the U. S.; select your own surgeon. No medical examination required. Write today for free information. INTERSTATE MUTUAL BENEFIT ASS’N. DEPT. MS, DOVER, DELAWARE Please send me full details concerning your Hot* pltalization Policy. NAME........................................... ADDRESS....................................... CITY..........................STATE........... Argonotes f’PHERE are times when we think of taking up some comparatively simple occupation like running the United States or lecturing on the Fourth Dimension. For even the President is not supposed to know everything about everything, and we are; at least, it seems that way. We get into complications because our authors bring so many different subjects into their stories. For in- stance, we may have a story in which the author speaks learnedly of the mechanical intricacies of a steam-roll- er. Well, we publish it, not knowing anything about steam-rollers our- selves but taking it for granted that the author has his facts right. A few weeks later a letter arrives frorn a man who has spent the best years of his life inside a steam-roller. The story is all wrong, he say£, justi- fiably indignant; and of course that makes us unhappy. We are all the more unhappy because we haven’t un- derstood a word of our correspon- dent’s discussion of the steam-roller. You’ll see what we mean shortly. We are about to present a lengthy and expert, disquisition on the rifle. F. J. LESLIE Have been a reader of your mag- azine for about twenty years. .Still think it is fine, but some stories are not up to the standard of years ago. One of my favorite authors is Jim Kjelgaard. He must be a real out- doors man, the way he writes. Well—to get to the object of this letter—I have been noticing s'ome technical blunders concerning fire- arms by some of your authors. Be- ing a rifleman myself, I take excep- tion to a statement of Richard Sale in his story “Design for Valor.” The gun Pilser carried was a .30-.30 Remington automatic. I find no Remington automatic in their catalogue with a hammer or a half-cock hammer safety. The only automatic they have—or ever had, as far as I know—is a hammerless with a thumb safety. It is cocked the first time by a knob on the bolt. After firing it automatically cocks itself until the ammunition in the magazine is ex- hausted. It has a lever thumb safe- ty on the right side. Also, the .30 Remington caliber is not the same as the .30-.30 which was first made by Winchester, and the Remington will not shoot the SECRETS ENTRUSTED TO A FEW 7he"Unpu£&ified THERE are some things that can not be generally told—things you ought to know. Great truths are dangerous to some—but factors for personal power and accomplishment in the hands of those who understand them.Behind the tales of the miraclesand mysteries of the ancients, lie centuries of their secret probing into nature’s laws—their amazing discoveries of the hidden processes of man’s mind, and the mastery of life’s problems. Once shrouded in mystery to avoid their destruction by mass fear and ignorance, these facts remain a useful heritage for the thousands of men and women who privately use them in their homes today. THIS FREE BOOK The Rosicruciana (not a religious organization), an age-old brotherhood of learning, have pre- served this secret wisdom in their archives for centuries. They now invite you to share the practical helpfulness of their teachings. Write today for a free copy of the book, “The Secret Heritage.” Within its pages may lie a new life of opportunity for you. Address Scribe J1.W.M. Rosicrucians (AMORC), SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, U. S. A. HI-STANDARD AUTOMATIC .22 caliber Model "B” for long rifle cartridges. Model “C” for .22 short cartridges. 4iV» or barrel. “ Choice ..............$18.95 _ Winchester No. 94 Carbine 20" bbl. 30/30 and 32 Special calibers............$33.951 I. J. Supershot Sealed “8” .22 cal. 6".$18.15 1 I. J. Target Sealed “8” .22 cal. 0"____$9.90 Send stamp for each list.—Ammunition surplus, etc-—Ueed Riflea—Ueed Shotgun* ($2 Deposit HUDSON SPORTING GOODS CO. W-52 WARREN ST. (FREE-New Catalog) NEW YORK J you like to Know how other men have gotten good-pay Jobs In Electricity? How many, with nothing better than grade schooling and no previous experi- ence, jumped right into better pay in one of the most fascinating and fastest grow- — ..... ......I Find out today where, when and how you may duplicate the thrilling success of these other I-T-I men. Write RAY D. SMITH. Pre*.: Dept. M3, INDUSTRIAL TRAINING INSTITUTE 2154 Lawrence Ave.	CHICAGO, ILLINOIS 65CAN YOU FIX IT? These books tell step by step HOW to take out "play" in differen- tial—to kill the shim- my in steering—to set TIMING—how to put your finger on en- gine trouble and the expert way to FIX it 6 BIG VOLUMES 2500 pages, 2000 illus- trations, including Marine Engines, Avi- ation Motors, Die- sel engines, etc. De Luxe edition, gold- stamped flexible binding. on approval. Just mail the coupon and we’ll send a set of these re- markable auto books. Whether you are a mechanic or helper, expert or apprentice, auto owner or driver, take advantage of this FREE EX- AM INATION OFFER. GET A BETTER JOB A better job—in the gigantic auto industry. BIGGER PAY—a chance to go into business for your- self are waiting for any man who tries to improve himself. Learn auto engineering a new way—a quidc reference method. Simply use the JIFF Y INDEX to look up the answer to auto problems. Built by eleven great automobile engi- neers, and written so you can understand it. [A year’s consulting *1 privileges with our I engineers now given I with these books. J We will also include a New EXTRA volume with over 300 pages of late cars with wiring diagrams and data sheets on each. AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY (Publishers-Mome Study Courses). Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Oept.X2510Chicago, III. Send me the 6-volume edition of AuTO BOOKS. I will pay the de- livery charices only, but if I choose, 1 may return them express col- lect. If after 10 days I prefer to keep them, 1 will send you $2 then and only $8 a month after that until *24.80 is paid. Please include con- sulting service and extra Volume No. 7, as per your offer above. Flush Poisons From Kidneys and Stop Getting Up Nights Be Healthier, Happier— Live Longer When you can get for 35 cents a safe, efficient and harmless stimulant and di- uretic that should flush from your kid- neys the waste matter, poisons and acid that are now doing you harm, why con- tinue to break your restful sleep by get- ting up through the night? Don’t be an EASY MARK and accept a substitute—Ask for Gold Medal Haar- lem Oil Capsules. GET GOLD MEDAL —the original—the genuine. Look for the Gold Medal on the box—35 cents. Other symptoms of weak kidneys and irritated bladder may be backache, puffy eyes, shifting pains, burning or scanty passage. Don’t accept a sub- stitute. SAVE upto50% M/UW£$r RAD/O FACTORY- TO-YOU PUT THIS CHASSIS IN MUR PRESENT CABINET FOREIGN RECEPTION DIRECT Liberal trade-in allowance on many new models shown In FREE catalog—from'6 to 18 tubes—up to 5 bands— including automatic record* changing radio phonos . . . Home Recorder, etc) (User-Agents Wanted) COMPLETE CHASSIS WITH 70B£S AM SPEAKER AKGOSY—MARCH 22, 1941 WTO (21? TRADE-IN AU0WA8&E EASY TERMS ARGOSY .30-.30. The Remington is similar except for a little difference in bal- listics; it uses what is known as a rimless cartridge while the .30-.30 Winchester uses a rim cartridge. The gun Nick carried was a Winchester and probably a .30-.30, as it is mentioned that the bullets were of 170 grains and I believe the .30-.30 is the only caliber of this weight bullet. The picture shows Nick carrying a rifle that looks like a Savage, which is a hammerless rifle while the Win- chester has a hammer capable of being put at half-cock with the thumb on the hammer. Anyhow, the gun in the picture looks like a Savage from the fore-end. I have never seen a Winchester with a fore-end of this shape. Ask any good rifleman how much chance a crack shot would have of hitting a spotlight at night from a bobbing boat at five hundred yards. Unless he had time to elevate the sights, he sure was a miracle man if he could hold over enough to compensate for the drop of the bul- let. These rifles usually come from the factory zeroed at two hundred yards or maybe less. A man has to know something about shooting at long range and sighting also. The Remington cartridge in one load has the same ballistics as the .30-.30 Winchester, though a different case, as I have stated. This cart- ridge drops from one hundred yards zero 29.5 inches at three hundred yards and Lord knows what at five hundred yards. Prob- ably the gun would have to be pointed as high as a several-story building to carry this far. They don’t give the figures for five hun- dred yards. The very best .30 caliber we have today is the .300 Magnum with much more velocity than the .30 caliber Remington. The .300 Mag- num is zeroed at two hundred yards and drops sixty-five inches at five hundred yards, with no change of sight setting from your zero. So you can see it would require con- siderable elevation on the sight- setting for the .30 Remington— more than anyone could hold over the target by guesswork. In “Street of Swords” the author speaks of downing a buck with an old smooth-bore rifle. It must have been a musket. A gun is not a rifle unless it has a rifled barrel. Of course, it could have been changed from a rifle to a smooth-bore if there had been any rifles made at the time this story took place. Send In m) s*e bilk h«w ti develop STRONG ARMS and BROAD SHOULDERS for 25o coin or 30c U. S. Stamps. Contains 20 pa gee of illustrations showing and fully describing exer- cises that will Quickly detelop and make you gain strength in your Shoulders, Arms, Wrists, Hands and Fingers. Tliis is really a valuable I course of exercises, with- \ out apparatus. ANTHONY BARI US4 ■ (doing business at this address for over 20 years.) •■*-^1235—6th Ave., OfflceW, N.Y.CItj RUPTURED? Get Relief This Proven Way Why try to worry along with trusses that gouge your flesh—press heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening— fail to hold rupture? You need the Cluthe. No leg-strapa or cutting belts. Automatio adjustable pad holds at real opening—follows every body movement with instant in- creased support in case of strain. Cannot slip whether at work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn in bath. Send for amazing FREE book, "Advice To Ruptured” and details of liberal truthful 60-day trial offer. Also endorsements from grateful users in your neighborhood. Write: CLUTHE SONS, Dept. 28, Bloomfield, New Jersey. TYPEWRITER STANDARD OFFICE MODELS 1/3 MFRS. ORIG. PRICE “ffWPdO* a Week All late models completely rebuilt like brand new. FULLY GUARANTEED. No Money Down—10 Day Trial Free price-smashing catalog shows all makes in colors. FREE COURSfc IN TYPING INCLUDED. See catalog before you buy. SEND NOW. INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCH Dept. 336 231 W. Monroe St., Chicago, III. and top, 4' length, all metal cadmium Plated. At dealers or postpaid in U. S. ITor $1. Catalog free. PREMAX PRODUCTS, Div.„ChUholm.Ryder, 4199 Highland, Niagara Falls, N. Y. DEAF? ARE YOU Gera has perfected i sensational hew hear- I ing aid—to sell at an amazingly low price.	.... GEM VACUUM TUBE HEARING AID Easily worn, small, economical, dependable. Hear cleariy the voices of your friends and relatives ... at theatre, business groups, or church. Fully guaranteed. Solve, your hearing problem. Write for- booklet ^-3’ and special trial offer. GEM EAR PHONE CO. 47 West 34 St.. New York ARMY-NAVY BARGAINS Haversacks ......$0.75 Cart. Belt........$0.60 Small Cart. Box.. .25 U.S. Hunt’g Knife 1.25 Hobbles ..........50 Rope Lariat.......75 Springfield Rifle 45/70 C/F $4.25 75th Anniversary Catalog 1865—1940, 308 pages, over 2,000 illustrations of pistols, rifles, daggers, medals, saddles, etc., mailed for 50 cents. Cir- cular for 8c stamp. FRANCIS BANNERMAN SONS, 501 Broadway,New York ASTHMA Kidder’s Asthmatic Pastilles give quick re- lief from the pains or discomforts due to Asthma or Asthmatic attacks, because their pleasant, soothing fumes are inhaled directly to where the spasms are occurring. In use over 100 years. Prescribed by physicians. 50c or $1 at drug stores, or mailed postpaid. Don't suffer. Buy TODAY. Kidder & Co. (Est. 1804), Boardwalk Arcade, Atlantic City, N. J. of Bargains in Military, Outdoor md Sport Good*, raa Clothe*. Shoe*, Boots. Blanket*, Tcon, Fitearmi, Bof Sco*t Sup* plies, etc. Send 10# fot <;opf to be redeemed oa firt» order. ' A anon SUPPLY C 4782 Lester St. Richmond, VirginiaWhy Can’t- You Write? ft's much simpler than you think! “Since finishing your course I have sold arti- cles to the N. Y. Times, Central Press Ass’n and various magazines. My writing netted me over $300 my first year and almost $700 the first six months this year. Writ- ing as a career has always been my wish. Now, thanks to the N.I.A. Course, it is be- coming a reality. De- spite a serious physical handicap (I took sick with infantile paralysis in 1937), I am now making my living by writing.” — Andreas Dorpalen, 206 W. 95th St., New York City. “After graduating from N.I.A., I became news correspondent for the New Orleans States and the morning paper, the Times-Picayune. 1 re- ceived top space rates from both papers. I have already netted $175.57 and proved by actual experience that N.I.A. instruction is as- toundingly efficient and accurate in charting the course of aspiring writ- ers.”—Mrs. D. B. Turn- bull, 1914 Esplanade Ave., New Orleans, La. SO many people with the “germ” of writing in them simply can’t get started. They suffer from inertia. Or they set up imaginary barriers to taking the first step. Many are convinced the field is confined to persons gifted with a genius for writing. Few realize that the great bulk of commercial writing is done by so-called “unknowns.” Not only do these thousands of men and women produce most of the fiction published, but countless articles on business affairs, social matters, domestic science, etc., as well. Such material is in constant demand by editors. Every week thousands of checks for $25, $50, $100 and more go out to writers whose latent ability was perhaps no greater than yours. The Practical Method Newspaper work demonstrates that the way to learn to write is by writ- ing! Newspaper copy desk editors waste no time on theories or ancient classics. The story is the thing. Every copy “cub” goes through the course of practical criticism—a training that turns out more successful authors than any other experience. That is why Newspaper Institute of America bases its writing instruction on the Copy Desk Method. It starts and keeps you writing in your own home, on your own time. And upon the very same kind of actual assign- ments given daily to metropolitan reporters. Thus you learn by doing, not by studying the individual styles of model authors. Each week your work is analyzed constructively by practical newspaper men. Gradually they help to clarify your own distinctive style. Writing soon becomes easy, absorb- ing. Profitable, too, as you gain the “professional” touch that gets your material accepted by editors. Above all, you see constant progress week by week as your faults are corrected and your writing ability grows. Have You Natural Ability? Our FREE Writing Aptitude Test will reveal whether or not you have natural talent for writing. It will analyze your powers of observation, your imagina- tion and dramatic instinct. You’ll enjoy taking this test. There is no cost or obligation. Simply mail the coupon below, today. Newspaper Institute of Amer- ica, One Park Ave., New York, N. Y. NOTICE Men “21 to 35” Newspaper Institute of America will re- fund in full the tui- tion of any student enrolled after Octo- ber 16th, 1940, who is called for military service. Even though you are of conscrip- tion age, no need to hesitate if you want to test your writing ability. A Miss ] Mrs. ! .... Mr. I Address NEWSPAPER INSTITUTE OF AMERICA One Park Ave., New York Send me, without cost or obligation, your Writing Aptitude Test and further information about writing for profit. (All correspondence confidential. No salesman will call on you.) 99B591WATER JACKET' WATER OUTLtT’' COMBUSTION CHAMBER W*— CYLINDER VALVE SPRING- EXPANSION /CLEARANCE '(EXAGGERATED) RETAINER — RETAINER PIN LIFTER GUIDE- LIFTER BARREL- CRANK CASE^aj [CONMC TiNC, ROD—* CRANK PIN /CRANK EXHAUST CAM SHAFT Name. EXHAUST " CAM / V CRANK %*■ ' SHAFT 4 kCRANK SHAFT GEAR .EXHAUST CAM SHAFT GEAR Know-/ YOUR CAR ANSWERS YOUR QUESTIONS INLET VALVE (BEGINS TO OPEN) EXHAUST VALVE (CLOSED) EXHAUST 'OUTLET VALVE STEM GUIDE VAlVE STEM- LIFTER BOLT INLET CAM SHAFT N INLET CAM- OIL PAN INLET CAM SHAH GEAR Audels New Automobile Guide Is New from Cover to Cover. Contains all you need to know about the 1. Construction, 2. Operation, 3. Service, 4. Repair of Modern Motor ('are, Trucks. Buses and Diesel Engines. It contains Practical Information in a Handy Form —1540 Pages—1541) Illustrations. Written by an engineering authority and presented with forceful directness In PLAIN LANQUAGE and SIMPLE TERMS, generouslv il- lustrated. It is an up-to-date authoritative Hook of Complete Instructions for all service Jobs giving a New Vision of the automotive field. Covers the Entire Subject In Every Detail. Does Not Deal in Idle Theories, but gives Definite Directions telling Exactly What To Do and How To Do It. It is Packed Full with Important Information. Indispensable to Auto Me- chanics, Service Men and Owners. INSIDE VIEWS OF AUTOMOBILE PARTS FULLY ILLUSTRATED ' The contents is Progressively Arranged: thus making It a Text Book and a Reference Book, to which you will refer again and again. This book completely covers the Parts of an Automobile—Automotive Physics—The Gas Engine—How a Gas Engine Works—Gas Engine Principles—Multi-Cylinder Engines—Horse Power—AutomoDile Engines—Engines: Stationary Parts—Engines: Moving Parts—Pis- tons—Piston Rings—Connecting Rods—Crank Shafts—The Valves —The Valve Gear—Cams and Cam Action—Valve Timing—Cooling 8ystems—Gasoline—Fuel Feed Systems—The Mixture—Carbu- retors—Automatic Choke—Super Chargers—'Transmissions—Syn- chro-Mesh —Clutches—Universals and Propeller Shafts—The Differ- ential—Rear Axles—The Running Gear—Brakes—Wheel Alignment —Knee Action—Steering Gear—'Tires—Lubricants and Lubrication —Automotive Electricity—Ignition Systems—Magneto Ignition— Spark Plugs—Ignition Colls-Distributors—Automatic Spark Con- trol—Ignition Timing—Generators—Starters—Generator and Start- er Testing—Lighting Systems—Storage Batteries—Battery Charg- ing—Battery Testing Troubles. The 1540 Illustrations In this book are photographs of modern cars and mechanical drawings giving details for guidance. They explain all working parts and their func- tions. Alphabetical Index lists So Interesting and in- structive chapters with many sub-chapters—a big time saver. TO GET THIS ASSISTANCE FOR YOURSELF SIMPLY FILL IN AND MAIL COUPON TODAY COMPLETE PAY $| A ONLY | MO. DIESEL ENGINES Fully Treated If you are Interested In the Construction. Operation or Maintenance of Mod- ern Diesel Engines Includ- ing the New 2 cycle Diesel this new book gives Prac- tical. Useful Information. Contains over 100 pages on Diesel with many illus- trations. All details thor- oughly and clearly ex- plained. These Interesting pages will answer your Diesel questions—save fuel and operating trouble. Complete with all answers. ___ASK TO SEE IT!___ THEO. AUDEL & CO.,49 West 23rd St., New York Please send me postpaid AUDELS NEW AUTOMOBILE GUIDE ($4) for free examination. If I decide to keep It. I will send you Si within 7 days: then remit SI monthly until purchase price of $4 Is paid. Otherwise. I will return It to you promptly. I SPECIMEN ILLUSTRATION-INSIDE VIEW OF MOTOR I MECHANICS You Need This Book- Audels New Auto Guide NEW FLUID DRIVE FULLY EXPLAINED