BEDTIME TALES 3 Marcelle shrugged her lovely shoulders. "I am very easily tired," she confessed lightly; then, in a piercing, explanatory manner: "Oh, ce n'est pas ca, du tout!-- It is the mere repetition of the thing, over and over, monotonously, until I do not think that I could bear another amor- ous protest! Have I not impressed you with the fact that I intend to marry money, much money, and that I refuse absolutely to countenance a placid Pari- sian existence?" "Do not be a fool, ma cherie." An ex- pression of pain darted across Alphonse's features, and he reached for her hand. "Consider matters in the light of reason. Although I will admit that you are the most beautiful nurse in all Paris, and a thousand and other little things like that, I hardly think that you will discover it a simple matter to find a millionaire patient who will be proud to marry you-" "Et ne pour-quoi pas?" she interrupted in a crude pretence of surprise. "You have no idea to what extent I would go to convince a rich man that I am his intended mate." He fell back before her calm assurance. "You--you cannot mean that?" "Mais oui; I can!" she insisted in a calm, business-like tone, appropriate to her words. "Suppose that I married you, Alphonse; what would life hold for me, other than a futile struggle against over- whelming odds? In the capacity of wife of a very ordinary writer whose income does not even approach a substantial fig- ure, I would feel that I had lived entirely in vain. I cannot, and I will not, be pro- vincial, regardless of the price. The am- bitions which I have cherished for seven long years refuse to be smothered, and even the whole-hearted love of a man would scarcely be adequate to fill the gap in my heart which their abandonment I have promised myself that it shall be would occasion. The world is large, and my playground. I want to travel, to see things, to do things, and to enjoy the lux- uries which life denies the average wom- an. If you were in a position to offer me these things, I would fly to your arms in the traditional melodramatic fashion; but -"she hesitated, and her eyes sought the floor. "You--you common fille de joie!" Al- phonse ground the words between his teeth, and reached for his hat on the table. You are a fool Marcelle, and if you persist in that ridiculous attitude, you will receive a series of lovely bumps which should hammer a bit of sense into that pretty little head of yours. I am go- ing." He moved to the door. "When you have decided to forget the Cinderella fancies, send for me, and we shall plan