BEDTIME TALES 4 our honeymoon; until then, I shall employ my hours of liesure to better advantage than heretofore. Good night." Good night! Marcelle clenched her hands and glared at him in lofty disdain. A sudden flush of temper drew the warm blood to her cheeks. "You need not en- tertain the slightest hope that I will ever plead with you to return," she started but [t]he sudden jangling of the telephone in the corner of the room cut through her words, and with an impatient gesture, she strode across to it and lifted the receiver to her ear. "Eh bien? Marcelle Abadie." "You are needed at once, mademoiselle. A call has just been received from the country home of Monsieur Pierre Can- trelle, at Aix-les-Arbees. Would you care to accept?" Pierre Cantrelle! The wealthy sports- man who earned more newspaper head- lines than the Chamber of Deputies! The most sought-after eligible within a thou- sand kilometers! "Certainement." She endeavored des- perately to conceal her anxiety. "I will report for duty within an hour." She turned from the instrument, her eyes seeking out the figure of her guest, so that she might gloat over him and tor- ture him with the possibility of eventual success, but he had already gone. She wondered if he had heard. Coute que coute, the sooner she banished thoughts of Alphonse from her mind, the happier she would be. Better, indeed, to dwell upon the prospect of exercising her wiles on the reputedly handsome sportsman. Alighting from her conservative little Italian roadster before the imposing man- sion of Pierre Cantrelle, she walked swiftly up the narrow tiled walk to the steps, mounted to the high Jacobean porch and pressed on the bell. A minute passed. No reassuring foot- steps came from within. Another min- ute; still no reply. She pushed again on the buzzer. "Qui est La?" The scarcely audible whisper drifted to her ears from the an- cient speaking-tube directly in front of her. She placed her lips to the apparatus. "A nurse from l'Hopital de Cicely." A moment of silence; then: "Ent'rez, s'il-vous-plais. I am alone on the second etage-" the voice seemed to break "-and I doubt If I can--creep back-- to my room-" She understood the symptoms; weak- ness claimed the sufferer who,had been obliged to lift himself from his bed and stagger to the speaking tube. The door yielded to her touch, and throwing it open, she leapt with surprising agility up the winding staircase to the upper land- ing of the house. "Where are you?" "Here. I succeeded." A light suddenly flashed on from a room a little to her left, and illuminated the darkened hall- way. "I must have overestimated my strength. Things went rather black for a second or so, but I managed to crawl back." She stopped across the threhold and considered the pyjamaed figure on the bed. "You're feeling better?" she asked, with a professional smile. "Very much so," he assured her: "I must confess, however, that I scarcely ex- pected the most beautiful girl in all Paris to--to nurse me." "You must not exert yourself, Monsieur Cantrelle. "Her accent was polite to the verge of ineptitude, and with a sigh of resignation, he lowered his head to the pillow. "Now," she continued, "kindly furnish me with a few details. To begin with, I would like to know if you antici- pate a visit from le docteur tonight." He thought for a moment. "I hardly believe that Docteur Robellin will return until morning," he said. "You see" he hesitated again for a full minute, "I suf- fered a mild attack of ptomaine poison- ing, and discovering myself alone in the house, I put through a hurry call to the physician. His arrival proved timely, and I weathered the storm with no serious effects, other than a session of weakness and nausea which have just about abated. Robellin insisted that I allow him to en- gage the services of a nurse, as a precau- tionary measure--and here you are." "C'est tout. "Marcelle lifted her eyes from the makeshift chart which she had prepared. "Any medicines to administer?" "None." He flushed guiltily, and she wondered whether he had childishly hid- den the bottles. "But, by the way, nurse, what is your name?" "Mademoiselle Abadie," she said swift- ly; then, obviously relenting: "Marcelle Abadie." His eyes roved to the ceiling. "Qu'elle nom pour qu'elle femme!" he said softly. She placed a cool restraining finger on