158 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine other men. The men I really liked wanted to marry me after a while, but marriage, of course, was out of the question for me. Can't men be just pals? I'm twenty-two now, and in the past two years I have lived in four different cities. I'm so discontented and restless I don't know what to do to find a little peace and happiness. I know there are many things I should be thankful for. I'm healthy, can easily earn my own living, and I have lots of friends. But I feel that something is wrong. When I go to a party I'll start having a good time, and then suddenly I want to get away from every one, see new faces and just drop every one I know. Of course, I don't do exactly that, but now and then I don't see any one for a week at a time, and I stay home. I have been in this city four months, have a good job, and I ought to be happy and satisfied, but I'm ready to pack up and be on the go. Do you think I'm silly? I'm all alone. My parents died four years ago, and I have no brothers or sisters. Is there any way I can overcome this feeling of restlessness and dissatisfaction? I don't like to brood--there's nothing I like better than to laugh and be gay. I have some nice girl friends, and know several worth-while men, so I shouldn't be lonely. I'll appreciate anything you can tell me. Restless Shirley. In spite of everything, life holds happiness for every one of us; but it doesn't come done up in pack- ages and handed over a counter. You may say that you're not lonely, or that you shouldn't be lonely be- cause you have men and women friends, but deep down in your heart you are very lonely, and the sense of having failed, or missing the really vital thing so important to most women--a happy marriage--is what makes you miserable. You can spend a lifetime rushing from place to place, groping among new interests for that mysterious "something" which you think will make you happy, but no one in this world ever found happiness by flitting around restlessly. If there's not the slightest change of your husband pulling himself to- gether so that you can make a real start together again, then why re- main in this uncertain and exas- perating situation? You're not exactly a wife, and you can't be a sweetheart. Make up your mind definitely one way or the other, and then act accordingly. Happiness is a thing of slow growth; it has to be fought for before it can be won. Dear Mrs. Brown: Four years ago I married a boy one year younger than I. I really loved him then, and still do, regard- less of all the heartbreaking things that have happened. The first two years of our marriage were perfect in every way. But aren't the first two or three years always perfect? The last two years have been nothing less than a nightmare. I wonder what others would have done if they had been in my shoes? The trouble started when my husband began to drink. From liquor to running around with women was a short step. I don't smoke or drink, but I'm not at all old-fashioned, and consider myself modern in every other respect. I tried several methods in my effort to reform my husband, but I failed each time. After almost a year of staying home alone nights and trying to pay our bills out of what was left of his salary, I just couldn't put up with things any longer. I told him that I was going home. I packed my things and left, and went back to work. My husband pretended that he didn't miss me, but he started to act wilder than ever. Every one who knew us pitied me. Finally, I decided that divorce would be the best way out. Needless to say, I was heartbroken, but I thought it might wake him up if I de- manded money. Well, I got my money, but he didn't change, and I wasn't any happier. Then my husband fell sick. He caught cold and it developed into pneumonia. He called for me all the time, and at last I went to see him. He wanted me back; he said he loved me. I remarried him. For two months everything went fine. Then he went out one day, got drunk, and never came back. He stayed away eight months. I worked night and day trying to for- 