122 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Jack Deering stood beside her, hand extended, smiling a warm, quick smile. "When did you get back, Sylvia? I passed your home a few minutes ago and it's still boarded up. Your last letter said you wouldn't be writ- ing me again as you expected to sail very soon, and here you are. You must have left your parents in Europe? Never mind, I won't ask questions." Esther looked at him intently. He really believed she was Sylvia-- whoever Sylvia was. It would be fun to carry this along for a while. He would discover his mistake soon, and they would laugh it off. "Can't a girl change her mind?" she asked lightly. "Especially you," he agreed smil- ingly. "You're the most changeable person on earth. You've even changed your voice since you've been gone. But I like that lower note. Keep it." He laughed softly, and seated himself beside her. "It seems funny to see you in the park alone. What are you doing?" "Looking at you," Esther replied impishly. What a nice laugh he had. And how good-looking he was, with his wavy blond hair, blue eyes and tall, slim figure. So far he hadn't discovered his mistake. There must be an ex- traordinary resemblance between her and Sylvia, Esther mused. She had heard of such resemblances-- doubles, but this was her first ex- perience. "Staying with a friend, Sylvia?" "Yes. You don't know her." That much was true, Esther thought, for he would not know Kitty. Kitty taught drawing in the girls' private school where Esther taught piano. Kitty had gone home over the week-end, else Esther would not have been so lonely. Kitty would be back late that evening, however, for the next day was Monday. "And you returned alone? You've got something up your sleeve. But I am glad to see you! I've missed you terribly." Esther wondered who he was. Everything about him looked ex- pensive--that big car, a liveried chauffeur, the thin platinum watch he wore on his wrist, his smartly fitting clothes. "You aren't set for the afternoon, are you? Let's go some place. We could drive to Long Island. The Jamesons are back, and there's al- ways something doing there." "I'd rather not," Esther replied quickly. "I feel lazy. That's why I was sitting here soaking up the sunshine." She lifted sparkling dark eyes, and smiled at him. "Where were you going? You were on your way." She glanced at his car parked across the road. "I've forgotten where I was go- ing," he said, looking at her keenly. He reached into an inside pocket. "Look at this and laugh, Sylvia. I've been carrying your last letter in my left pocket where it would hear my heart beat." He extended an envelope. Swiftly Esther read his name and address. This was getting good--she knew his name now. Her eyes danced and she laughed. "Go ahead. I knew you'd laugh." He replaced the letter in his pocket. "Oh, I didn't laugh because of that. I think that was sweet-" She stopped abruptly. Would Syl- via have said that? "That's the nicest thing I've heard you say. Look here, Sylvia. Be nice to me, and give me the afternoon and evening. Let's step high, wide, and handsome." 