62 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine they topped the summit, and Gloria saw the tall figure of her compan- ion, balancing on the rear of the sled. Impulsively, she spoke. "Red--Mr. McKenzie, I wish you'd tell me more about your dogs. They seem so faithful and strong." "Yes, miss. They're good dogs." Gloria bit her lip. He certainly knew how to keep her at a distance! She cowered down into the sled and realized how lonely she was out here, in this untamed Northland-- at night, in a storm that had sent experienced mushers running for cover! Timidly, she looked up at him. "Red, if I'd been born up here, if I were used to this wild country and-" The sled struck the bottom of the grade, and Red was again running behind. "Hi, Tillicum! Hi, Juno!" he cried. "Mush!" Gloria bowed her head. She squeezed her eyes tight shut; but hot, salty tears were stealing down her face. They froze there, and she began to sob. Abruptly, Red was again stand- ing on the rear platform. "Feet cold?" he inquired, and his voice certainly was. "No; I'm warm as toast. But, Red-" Abrupt and eerie, there came the sound of a long-drawn shout. Gloria caught her breath and listened. The eerie voice came again. "Ahoy, McKenzie! Pull up!" Red McKenzie ignored the sum- mons. "Mush, you rascals!" he cried. Another sound--the crack of a rifle shot, the whine of a high-pow- ered bullet! Gloria cried out in terror. "Steady! Give me that carbine," Red ordered. She groped for it, and a second cracking shot ripped through the howl of the wind. A dog yelped shrilly, the team whirled, and in an instant they were milling and fighting. Red leaped among them. Gloria could see him cutting straps, hurling something out of the track of the sled. "Oh, Red!" she cried piteously. "One of your dogs-" "Never mind that!" he snarled back at her. "Steady, you rascals. Tillicum--gee! There you are!" He came swinging back, and for an instant stood staring toward the back trail. "He's trying to snipe us, miss!" he muttered. "It's lucky I gave you some lessons in driving a dog team. You may have to use it!" Gloria's heart was beating slowly, heavily. A great weight of fear crushed down upon her. "You mean-" But they were flying over the trail, and Red was running at her side. He had thrust the carbine back into her mittened hands. Looking fearfully upward, she mar- veled at the easy endurance with which he kept up with the flying malemutes. A third crashing shot--and Red McKenzie stumbled and nearly fell. He caught at the crossbar of the sled. The dogs, sensing something wrong, slowed to a trot and stopped. Gloria tried to scramble out. An unsteady hand pressed her back. "Got me--through the shoulder!" Red muttered. "Listen, miss, you can drive. The dogs know the trail." He swayed drunkenly. Next in- stant he had fallen heavily to the snow. He lay very still. Gloria, facing the crisis of her young life, took her courage in both hands. 