The Fourth Proposal 93 no information as to what her reply had been. "I told him he was just wasting a proposal on me. I couldn't pos- sibly see him as a husband." Mrs. Huston sighed and touched a weak hand to her iron-gray hair. "I don't know what you are waiting for, Thelma," she said kindly and concernedly. "The average girl considers herself fortunate if she gets one proposal. You've had three that I know of. Nice young men, too. Aren't you making a mistake pass- ing up all these fine opportunities? The man you are waiting for may not even exist. He may only be a creature of your imagination. You'll be twenty-three next month, you know." "Don't worry, dear," Thelma laughed. "I won't die an old maid." Mrs. Huston made no answer. Her mind went back over a bridge of years. She thought of her own sister, Roberta, who at one time was pretty and charming and vivacious, as Thelma was now. Roberta had rejected many offers while waiting for an ideal who never came. The years crept up and she eventually resigned herself to spinsterhood. With all her heart and soul Mrs. Huston prayed that that would not be Thelma's fate. Abruptly stopping her exploring, Thelma put her arms around her mother. "Just forget about me," she said. "And think of yourself only. You've got a job ahead of you. You've got to get strong and healthy. Surprise New York when you get back." Without a second's hesitation, Thelma had volunteered to go with her mother to the Bar X Dude Ranch in Montana which the doctor had recommended. A six months' stay, the doctor felt, would make a new person of Mrs. Huston. However, thinking always of Thelma's future, Mrs. Huston ob- jected to her going along. It would be a waste of six precious months of her life. But Thelma insisted and the idea of a nurse for a companion was discarded. John Cromwell, the owner of the dude ranch, a husky six-footer, escorted Thelma and her mother down the row of log cabins to the one in which they would live during their stay. He wore hand-tooled boots, a ten-gallon hat and a red plaid shirt that always impressed Easterners. As Thelma glanced from left to right, taking in the immediate sights of the ranch, her eyes suddenly wid- ened and unconsciously her steps became shorter. On the porch of one of the log cabins sat an excep- tionally handsome young man of about twenty-eight. His dark-blond hair was brushed back smartly and his strong white teeth were clamped on a curved pipe. He was reading a book and was so absorbed that he never raised his head at the sound of their approach. A feeling of breathless excitement surged through Thelma's veins. Her heart suddenly commenced to race. A strange and pleasing warmth en- veloped her body. Her lips parted in a blessed smile and her eyes shone with an instinctive recognition. Her head nodded slightly. Yes, that was the man she had been wait- ing for. That was the man whose vague image had filled her dreams for so long. She had always felt that somebody like him simply must exist and that some day she would find him. An insatiable curiosity seized hold of her. Who was he? Where did he come from? She quickened her steps and 