118 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine walked silently down to the beach. She waited a long time before she dared run across the sand in the open, shove off a canoe, and start for the mainland. But no one followed her. And an hour later she walked into the office at the jail, threw the paper onto the desk and stood there while the man glanced through it. That long she held her poise, and no longer. She had been through too much. She sobbed a little, try- ing hard not to, and she felt a great relief in being where it was light. Darkness was horribly unnerving. A few moments later, Len came in, his kindly face full of love for her, his eyes shining. And a second later she was in his arms, those strong, protecting arms which had the power to shut away from her all the evil and unhappiness in the world. "Honey," he said at last, "tell me about it. I want to know. If he's tried-" "Come on and sit down," she said, "and I'll tell you. But please don't take your arm from around me, Len. I--I guess I need it." So, his arm around her, she told him. And when she had finished, he said: "You did exactly right, sweet. The treasure wouldn't have mattered if we had been somehow kept apart. Our be- ing together is the only thing that mat- ters. And you're especially right, now that we know there was no treasure." "But there was-- there is," Billie told him, and her eyes danced. "But, Billie, you said Holland didn't find-" "And he didn't. He was figuring just the way you're figuring. The end of Whale-back Island nearest the mainland. And he didn't know, and you never stopped to think, that the two islands were joined be- fore the government dredged be- tween them. And that the whole thing was called Whale-back. There wasn't any Diamond Island then." His eyes were startled as he be- gan to realize what she meant. "So the end of the old Whale-back Island nearest the mainland," he said, "would be what is now the shoreward end of Diamond Island. The opposite end of the two islands from where Holland looked." "Exactly," Billie murmured, "and I knew they wouldn't find anything where they were looking. And that's why I hid. And that's why I dared make the offer to him in the first place." Joyfully he drew her to him. "Say," he said, just before he kissed her, "I not only have the swellest-looking girl in forty-eight States, but she's got more brains than any three men!" "Forty-eight States and the District of Columbia?" Billie grinned up at him. "And the District of Columbia," he as- sured her. "Two dis- tricts, both of Co- lumbia." A week later Billie and Len stood arm in arm at the shore- ward end of Dia- mond Island, watch- ing the same diving boat which Holland had hired, bringing 