88 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine After she had gone, Janine stood for a long time in deep thought. She, too, knew where Buddy was living. Only the other day she had seen her on the lawn of a big house facing the sea. Buddy had not seen her, and Janine, smarting from Buddy's abrupt ending of their friendship, had taken care that she shouldn't. Well, she was going to find Buddy now and through her learn where the Duke was hiding. Then she'd set him straight about her. She wouldn't have even a gangster be- lieve the awful things Lutie had told about her. He'd realized the truth once she told him her name. After that, she would forget him as fast as she could. Janine dressed in her simplest things. A coat of silky blue wool with a severe nun's cape edged with silver fox. A beret of the same ma- terial tilted on her coppery hair. Slim blue pumps. In her aunt's small coupe, Janine set out to call on Buddy. Janine was in luck, for Buddy was walking down the driveway of the big house. She stared coldly at Janine as the girl brought her car to a stop beside her. "Well?" she said in an unfriendly tone, cool black eyes sweeping Jan's smart figure. "Get in here," Jan commanded, her voice as cold. At the note of command in Janine's voice, Buddy stared, then obeyed. "First I want you to tell me why you left without a word." Buddy's black eyes flashed. "I thought I wasn't fit company for a nice girl like you, and the Duke agreed, so he helped me beat it. If I'd known-" "You didn't know anything and neither does the Duke, see?" Janine said angrily. "Did you ever hear of Janine Broun of Beverly?" Buddy nodded. "She's a Junior Leaguer," she said sullenly. "Well, that happens to be who I am," Janine said coldly. "My cousin, Lutie Broun, came home from school, and she was a scrawny little thing out for a rich husband and I cramped her style, so she made her mother send me away. A friend of mine knew Mrs. Babbie needed a helper, and I insisted on taking the job. That's the whole story. My family didn't know where I was for a long time, and when they did, they sent for me. Lutie was mar- ried, so I went home." Buddy's big black eyes had grown wider and wider, and when Janine finished she made a little, stabbing motion with her hand. "You shoulda bumped off that Lizette Greer and your cousin for giving the Duke a wrong steer. How come you didn't tell him the truth?" "Because I was a snob," Jan said honestly. "He was hiding from the law, and I didn't want to fall in love with him. It's all right. I just wanted you to know. You can tell him. I've got to get back now." Janine's voice was unsteady, and to her horror one tear after another be- gan to slide down her lovely face. Buddy gave her a quick hug. "Get back, nothing. You come along with me to supper. Lucky you got me when you did, because Danny and I are beating it out West to start over. Oh, don't look like that. I married him to get him be- cause his mob got Buck, and then I got weak and liked him too much. So were going West. Isn't that a joke? Danny the Knife going straight and turning farmer?" But Buddy's tone was proud. "You aren't with the Duke, then? I might have known Lutie was lying 