The Friend In Need 153 love. My love was returned, of that I am certain, and for a while I was in heaven. I wonder now if that sense of utter happiness is ever permanent. We were both weak, and all the time I was conscious of the fact that I was doing something wrong; that no matter how much we loved each other, I was lowering myself. For him it was different. At least, I thought so, because although I am a girl, I believe in the double standard. In other words, it was wrong for me, but not for him; still, I couldn't break away. I was foolish enough to believe that if that was the way he wanted me, I'd do anything, even go as far as to fling everything I held sacred to the four winds. About this time my aunt opened her winter home in Florida and I went to spend three weeks with her. During that time (it seems ages), I discovered what I was already almost certain of; that other men might amuse me but never hold me. I enjoyed their company, even had mar- velous times, but I couldn't forget. Under- neath it all I wasn't satisfied. There was always something missing, and I was dis- contented. The evening before I left for home I "chucked" my social obligations and rode alone almost all night trying to find the answer to at least a few of my questions, and when I returned home it was with the determination to end things. I saw him that evening, Mrs. Brown, and before he left I had the courage to tell him we couldn't possibly go on as we had been. I didn't ask the impossible, that he change for me; merely that he stop calling. And when he told me he couldn't, I used the only argument left. I told him I no longer loved him. I know I hurt him horribly, but I couldn't help it. When he kissed me good-by, he said he didn't see how it was possible to love so completely as he loved me, and not have that love returned. But true to his word, he hasn't tried to get in touch with me since. I have lots of social obligations that must be fulfilled, but each time I sit across the table from some chap, I see another face, and every time I dance, it's with his arms around me. I know I've literally thrown away my chance of happiness, and even though what I did took strength, I've not a shred of it left to carry on with. Mother thinks I am plain crazy to have sent him away when I care so much, but she doesn't know why, and I pray she never may. Dad, however, agrees with me that I am too young to become serious, and wants mother and me to go to Europe for a change. I'm so sick of doctors, tonics, warnings about not eating enough, and nervous breakdowns, that I really don't care where they take me. One thing I do want you to know, and that is that marriage doesn't enter into this at all. I'm too young, and though this boy is two years my senior, he's not ready to settle down, either. Do you think I've done the right thing in breaking up with him? Even though I've done wrong according to conventions, I can't say I m sorry, be- cause this love has given me some wonder- ful moments. It will be very hard to for- get him, but I am not sure that our love will last until we are old enough and ready to marry. Do you think I should wait for him, and expect him to wait for me? Poor Little Rich Girl. It is undeniable that experience is the great dispeller of illusions, espe- cially when youth begins to discover that there is a price to be paid for too much freedom where love's young dream is concerned. You don't say how old you are, but if neither you nor this boy is old enough to think of settling down to marriage, then you're probably too young to think seriously of love. It's sad but true, that very young people are apt to mistake the novelty of an exciting romantic ad- venture for real love. Having a crush on a boy who has captured your fancy and forgetting conven- tions, does not balance the scales where real love is concerned. Much as I would like to do so, I am not endowed with mystic power that would enable me to look ahead and tell you whether or not any affection that may now exist be- tween you and this boy will last until you are older and ready to con- sider marriage. But if you have already sent your friend away, wouldn't it be wiser to leave the matter as it stands, continue with your other interests, and let Father Time take care of your to-morrows? 