16 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine how this could be termed a 'situa- tion' or develop into one. You were merely returning to Silver City and I insisted on being taken along. When we arrive, you can wash your hands of me." "It may not be as simple as all that," was his irritating reply. "Why not? What's the weighty problem?" And when his answer was not immediately forthcoming, she mocked: "One lone woman in a mining camp, I expect. Of all the bosh! I suppose you think I'll have the entire population muttering in their beards." "Well, you can make a joke of it if you like," was his terse comment. "But you may change your mind after you get there." In something less than two hours, Linda did. Even the approach was desolate and forbidding. An incline stretch up a barren mountain, so steep that looking ahead was equally as terrifying as glancing backward; then the summit, and a sharp dip, with the trail zigzagging down the very brink of rocky ledge to a sprawling plateau. "Ugh! Scary-looking place even at dusk," Linda reflected, viewing the dingy log buildings and scatter- ing of dejected shacks. "Maybe I shouldn't have come, after all." The thought grew as they dis- mounted in front of a bleak, two- story structure labeled "Hotel" and proceeded up the steps. Almost at the top, Linda caught Denny's arm. "Who is that man?" she demanded, indicating a slim, skulking figure who had at that moment left a group of loungers and was disappearing around the corner of the porch. "He looks like the same pale-eyed, sinister individual who was staring at me so queerly at the station!" "Couldn't be the same." Denny hurried her inside. "This is an en- tirely different bunch." And to the rotund individual behind the desk: "A front room for Miss Carroll, Andy Walton's niece, Jake. And she'd like dinner upstairs." "Oh, no," Linda interposed. "I want dinner-" "Upstairs." Denny repeated it firmly, and before she could protest further, he had the key and was pi- loting her to the second floor. Inside the crudely furnished room, Linda whirled on him. "What did you say that for?" she demanded. "I'm not afraid of a handful of pros- pectors, even if they are rough-look- ing. Why, I've eaten in plenty of speakeasies back home that were worse than anything here could be." "And you are privileged to eat in as many more as you like without interference from me, when you re- turn," Denny replied calmly. "But as long as I am under the same roof, LS--1A 