Her Great Moment 125 She, too, seemed as helpless to look away. The waiter finally broke the spell. "Dance?" Jack queried, after they had finished their entree. Esther rose at once, glad to escape from the eyes whose blue fire was burning into her heart, racing through her veins. The feel of his arm around her left her breathless. The clasp of his big, firm hand on hers sent little thrills, like pointed darts, coursing through her. They danced in almost complete silence. Esther's eyes were brilliant, reckless, when they returned to their table. "Sylvia, I feel somehow that you like me better to-night than you ever have. Am I right?" He leaned forward, eager, expectant. Something that was young and ar- dent, and devastatingly alive, and that had no connection whatever with caution and common sense, beat in her veins. Again the waiter intervened as he placed the consomme before them. "Darned waiters," Jack growled. "They're never around when you want them, but they're always on hand to spoil a perfect moment!" "What a gay dinner companion he is!" she thought as she sipped the wine, a delicate Chateau Margaux. Her fingers were white, delicate as lily petals. Jack's eyes were upon them. She hoped he did not ob- serve they were unsteady. Over the alligator pear-and- romaine salad with its mignonette dressing, Esther thought: "Soon the clock will strike twelve for me, and this will be over. I must not see him again. In fact, he won't want to see me when he learns that I'm not Sylvia." She raised stricken eyes to Jack, then quickly lowered her lashes. They made alluring little shadows on her soft round cheeks. Jack was watching them. With the dessert, Esther knew she was head over heels in love. "It's too early to say 'Amen' to the evening," Jack said when they had dined. "Let's drive out to a place I know," he urged. "You've never been there, I believe. They put on a swell floor show. And it's a glorious night--moonlight, star- light, everything turned on." "I'll call Kitty and tell her I'll be late," Esther murmured. In a phone booth she dialed the number. "I may be late, Kitty," she said, when the familiar voice came over the wire. "I'm stepping to-night. Who? I'll tell you about it later. Listen, have you ever heard of Syl- via Wylie?" "Wait a minute. I'll think. That name is familiar," Kitty replied slowly. Kitty was an information bureau, Esther reflected while she waited. Born in New York, an enthusiastic reader of the society pages, she had names, gossip, even bits of scandal at her finger tips. "I remember now. She's that girl that's a dead ringer for you. Remember I told you when I first met you at the school? I've seen her picture in the papers and she's been pointed out to me several times. Why, Esther?" Esther had forgotten about Kitty's remark of three months be- fore when she had first come to New York. "Is she a society girl? Wealthy? And is she reported engaged to any one?" "Yes to all your questions. She's a last year's deb. She's been re- ported engaged a dozen times, once to some English lord, but it fell through. I guess she can't stay put. 