128 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Better get dressed, kid," Kitty said softly. "Wear my velvet and my new wrap. The white fox collar will look lovely on you." Half an hour later the downstairs bell rang. Esther sprang up to press the buzzer. "Kitty, don't call me Esther," she pleaded softly as she went to the door. "Don't give me away!" There was a frantic note in her voice. Kitty looked at her, pity in her eyes. Slowly the pity turned to laughter. "You can say I'm dressing. If I don't meet him I can't be a party to the second part or whatever it is." Kitty closed the bedroom door as the doorbell sounded. Jack brought gardenias. He placed the box on a table, then caught Esther's hands in his. Slowly she drew them away. She was breathless and frightened at the shining light in his eyes. While she arranged the fragrant flowers on her shoulder, Jack picked up a beautifully framed photograph of a white-haired woman. "This is a distinguished-looking old lady. Who is she, Sylvia?" "Why, she--she's Esther's grand- mother." "So? Good blood there." Suddenly Esther's heart stood still, for Kitty was opening the bed- room door, and strolling into the room. "Jack, this is Kitty. I mean--Mr. Deering, Miss Burrows-" Esther stopped, confused, face hot. What was Kitty up to?--she wondered. Why had she come in? "I've heard a lot about Kitty," Jack smiled his swift, winning smile, as he held out his hand. "It seems to me I've heard a word or two about you." Kitty laughed. "I'm ready, Jack." Esther turned to the door, anxious to be safely out. "Good night, Sylvia," Kitty said, eyes wide and innocent. They had driven only a short dis- tance when Jack turned to Esther and caught her hand. "Darling, you know I love you, that I'm mad about you. And you care for me, you can't deny it. I've seen it in a hundred little ways, this past week. Let's drive out to Greenwich and get married now. To-night." Esther's heart pounded in her throat. She couldn't speak. Jack caught her hand again, held it hard and fast. "Sylvia!" he said, voice tense. The name roused Esther. Quickly she drew away her hand. "Jack, I'm not Sylvia," she blurted out. "I'm Esther. It was all a joke. I didn't intend to keep it up so long. At first it was only a lark-" "At last!" Jack cried. "I've been waiting for you to tell me! To-night I forced your hand. I couldn't wait any longer. You little humbug, I knew you weren't Sylvia after I had talked to you two minutes that day in the park. Twro people may be alike as peas in a pod, but they'll have different voices, different man- nerisms. I didn't know whether you were Kitty or Esther until to- night, but I've known all along that you weren't Sylvia. And I love you, Esther." "Jack!" All her passionate long- ing, all the aching tenderness of her love was in that exclamation. "Why didn't you tell me days ago, darling?" Jack asked, reproachful tenderness in his voice. "I thought you loved Sylvia and ---oh, I intended to tell you to-night on the way home. Truly I did. But LS--3A 