42 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine you- Oh, Jack! Jack! Tell me it isn't true! Please tell me!" Afterward Dawn remembered a muscle in Jack's cheek, that twitched, and jumped. She remem- bered his eyes were bleak and gray and old. But then all she could think of, all she could hear, was his voice saying: "I--I can't tell you it isn't true. It is. I--I--did meet her. I kissed her, just as Phil said I did. But it isn't what you believe it is! I swear it, Dawn! I can't ex- plain it now. It's--it's a secret, and it isn't mine to tell. Give me time. Give me to-night. For pity's sake, Dawn, please!" He had been holding her to him. Holding her wrists tight locked in his fingers; holding her eyes in his, but as he finished, his eyes, pleading for her answer, Dawn jerked herself free. She stood for an instant, swaying on unsteady feet. She was sick with the shock, stupid with it. Then, she heard Phil's ugly laughter and her chin went up. Her shoul- ders lifted themselves in proud de- fiance: "It would take a lot more time than to-night, to square what you've just acknowledged," she said. "That you meet Hilda Brian by stealth, kiss her in dark parking places. That all the time you've been telling me you loved me, you've been two-timing me with a woman like that! A married woman! Maybe even taking her money! Money she steals from a husband who trusts her! "A lot of nerve you've got talking about Phil! As though anything he could do would be as bad as that!" Her fingers on Phil's arm, swung him with her toward the down hill path. "If you want to go with me, Phil," she said, "come on. I'm go- ing home." Where the path swung over the hill's edge, she stopped for an in- stant to look behind her. The setting sun sent red lights to glint in her dusky hair, and touched the creamy pallor of her skin with a rosy glow. It lay like a golden mist on the very air--a mist through which shadows danced and whirled, and through which she saw Jack, standing where she had left him, looking after her, his broad shoulders drooping, his hands dan- gling in loose dejection at his sides. There were tears in her eyes. She brushed at them with angry fingers. Her lips trembled, and she bit them Still with pinching teeth. "Crazy eyes, crazy lips!" she thought, "wanting to cry for one of Hilda Brian's lovers!" Crazy heart, ach- ing over a man who could treat her so! Back in her room at last, she found Det Henderson sprawled on the couch they shared together. She sobbed out her story, while Det listened, a cigarette held carelessly in her hand. "Deceiving me when I'd trusted him so," Dawn wailed. "Lying to me, breaking dates with me so he could meet her! Taking money from her-" "Now listen, darling"--Det raised herself on an elbow, and her voice was sharp and hard--"I don't be- lieve Jack is taking money from Hilda Brian, and neither do you. Making love to her--yes. They're all alike, guys in a school like this. Getting a girl to fall for them, then doing something that knocks her faith into a million bits. They've all got a line. With some it's women, with others-" She crushed her cigarette out against a book, dusted off the ashes, stared at Dawn from somber eyes. "And you say it was Phil who told 