154 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine Dear Mrs. Brown: I'm a girl of twenty-three, and for the past four years I have been going with a young man four years my senior. I am considered good looking, dress well, and hold a good position. I'm not engaged to this boy, and never have been, but during the first three years we went together I saw him almost every night. Of course, we quarreled now and then, and parted several times, but we always made up. My family have continually nagged at me to give him up because he drinks and behaves terribly when drunk. About two years ago he started to slap me when he was in this condition. The next day he'd beg me to forgive him, saying he was sorry. But the same thing has happened many times. A year ago a man around thirty years of age came to work in our office. He asked me to go out with him, but I re- fused. One day, however, I had a quarrel with my boy friend, and he beat me up. After that I made up my mind to go out with others. So the next time this new man asked me for a date, I accepted. He seemed so considerate and wonder- ful, after what I went through with the other boy, that I started to go out with him quite often. I know you'll think me terrible when I say that this man was mar- ried and I knew it. The first time I went out with him was because I was so dis- couraged about the other boy, but grad- ually we began going out three and four times a week. Then some one told his wife, and she left him. I continued to date him. After a year of that I finally realized how wrong it was for me to go out with him, so I gave him up. I made up with my first boy friend, but when he found out about the married man, he accused me of pretty nearly everything. He struck me, and told all our friends I was cheap enough to run after a married man. Finally this man made up with his wife, but he kept telling me that he wasn't happy, and that he loved me. I was still going with my first boy friend, in spite of his abuse, but we parted a few weeks ago because I just couldn't stand it any longer. He follows me around, however, stops me whenever he can, tries to talk to me, and if I won't, he slaps me. He's always throw- ing it up to me that I was a married man's sweetheart. But this married man never made any advances to me. I sent him away because I realized that it was wrong. He even wanted to get a divorce and marry me, but I managed to convince him that we could never be happy if we made his wife un- happy. He still loves me, and I love him, though I'll never let him know. I told him I loved the first boy, though that's a lie, because I sometimes hate him more than it seems possible for one human being to hate another. Last week the three of us met at a party, and when my first boy friend met the mar- ried man, he struck me. Since then he comes around to my place of business and tells me that I deserved the beating be- cause, he says, I invited this married man to the party so I could see him. But I didn't. I couldn't help it if some one else brought him along; I didn't even know he was coming. In the four years I have been going with this boy he ran around with married and divorced women, and denied all the stories I heard, until I saw him myself. He was to blame for my actions, and now he wants me to make up. I know if I marry him, I will have a terrible life. I know you'll tell me to forget him, and I would like to do that, but he just won't stay away. He tells me that if I ran around with a married man once, I'll do it again, and he's there to see that I don't. Three days ago this other man phoned and asked me to see him, but I refused. He told my friends that if he couldn't have me, he hoped I'd never marry the other fellow, because he has caused me so much trouble. I am desperate. Unhappy Arline. No girl is obliged to marry a man who is as despicable as your first boy friend, Arline. For goodness sake, shake yourself awake and re- member that this is 1934. If he won't keep away from you, tell your family about it. And if they haven't sufficient influence to make him stay away from you, the mighty hand of the law will, I'm sure, bear some weight with him. You needn't be quite spineless simply be- cause, like a bad boy, he says, "I won't!" When a girl is thinking of mar- riage, she should try to choose a man of character and dignity. 