Forgotten Bride 55 Held his hands up to her in a quick humbleness of pleading. "Dawn!" he cried. "Darling! To-night at the Dells--you saw me, I know. I heard a crash and looked up, and there you were staring down at me from that open window! I hurried right here to explain. I've been waiting--it seems to me hours! I saw you out there in the car, kiss- ing Phil Barnes! Oh, Dawn dear, don't misjudge me! Give me a chance. There's something I've got to tell you, but I can't tell you to- night. I--I can't. I promised. To- morrow-" Swaying where she stood, Dawn looked down at him, and her face was frozen and white and cold. "Not to-morrow nor a thousand to- morrow!" she said. "There isn't time enough in this world nor the next, to explain away what I saw and heard this night!" Then, in a flaming rush of anger, red anger, that blurred her sight and shook her speech: "I wish. I hadn't knocked that jar off onto Poke Brian's feet! I wish I'd let him find you! Do you know that he was right behind me, while you were down there beneath that window, kissing his wife? Do you know that if I hadn't saved you, he would have seen you there, and killed you both?" She ran up the steps. At the top one, she stopped to fling back over her shoulder: "This is good-by! I never want to see you or hear your voice again, as long as I live!" To drown his answer, she slammed the heavy door behind her. But it stuck, and she wasn't soon enough. As she pounded her way up the thick-carpeted stairs, as she clicked through the hallways and rattled at the door of her room, his words were ringing in her ears, and timing their threat to the throbbing of her pulses and to the angry tumult of her heart. "Whether you want to or not," he had cried after her, "you're going to see me. And you're going to listen to me too, Dawn Arden, if I have to kidnap you to make you!" To be Continued ... Successful aid in PREVENTING Colds At the first nasal irritation or sniffle, apply Vicks Va-tro-nol--just a few drops. Used in time, it helps to avoid many colds entirely. (Two sizes: 30c, 50c.) 