Cornflower-blue 27 haps, of this rebel who refused to join in the sunset rites, slanted through the trees, seeking her out with its rosy touch. It tinted the pale-blue cornflowers of her thin dress and caught a tiny gleam of red in the neat brown coil of hair at the nape of her neck. Barbara shrugged away from the warm touch and moved farther into the shade. She wished that dark- ness would come down and blot her out completely. If only that ter- rible laughter would stop ringing in her ears--her friend Adela's, high and scornful; Bill Hampton's, hearty with amusement. If only she could have killed her- self! Broken her neck or even an arm, so that they would have been sorry for her. But just to fall from the back of an old nag like Maude and land practically on her head in a soft bank of pine needles! It was too absurd. She flushed at the memory. Even then it mightn't have been so bad if Bill hadn't come originally from Montana where, it appeared, people were born with their feet in stirrups. Bill simply couldn't under- stand any one who wasn't able to sit a horse. And then, to make mat- ters worse, there was Adela, who could ride like a rodeo queen. The simile was Bill's and it had amused Adela tremendously. Adela Ash, heiress to goodness only knew how many millions, and accustomed to the most exclusive hunt parties in America, being likened to a rodeo queen! She had laughed until Bill's brown face had become one enor- mous blush, and then she had dug her heels into Sorcerer's sides so that he had gone off down the trail like the wild streak of lightning he was, and Bill had been hard put to catch her. That was when Barbara had tried desperately to follow and had dug her own heels into Maude's well- covered ribs. Maude, who had been nibbling an appetizer by the way- side, had been startled and had dashed clumsily after the others with great gallumps that made very little speed and served only to deposit Barbara ignobly in her bed of pine needles. They'd returned after a minute or two and found her there, before she'd collected her wits sufficiently to sit up and pick the cones and needles out of her hair. Would she ever forget Bill's deep-blue, amused eyes as he'd sat in his saddle, look- ing down at her? Eyes that had somehow the look of the West in them and made her feel that if she gazed long enough she might find the reflection of hazy Montana dis- tances in their depths. "Hurt?" he'd said, and she could see his chest shaking with laughter that threatened to break free at any moment. She was hurt. She felt sore all over, inside and out. Her hairpins were coming loose and so, she was certain, were her teeth. And by looking cross-eyed at the end of her nose, she could see the big lump of earth on its tip. But she couldn't sit there and ache and wait for his laughter to come. Adela was al- ready laughing, and that was bad enough. She managed a smile that she knew was lopsided and clambered unsteadily to her feet. "Oh, no," she said. "I'm not hurt a bit." She hadn't meant to say anything so ordinary. She'd wanted to make some completely flip and non- chalant remark that would show them how unimportant a fall from a horse could be. But she wasn't like Adela, who could think of smart 