Thrill Chaser 23 you? Well, both you and Andy are going to pay plenty for that deal!" "You wouldn't have been kicked out, if you had been on the level, you filthy cattle rustler!" Denny fired back. "As for making Andy or me pay, what has that to do with your ridiculous demand to see Miss Carroll and at this hour?" "Plenty. Because I'm planning to kidnap her and take you along, too, just as an afterthought and to divert suspicion from myself. I had the kidnaping planned right after Andy said she was coming. And since you chose to make that im- promptu get-away from the hotel to-night with her in tow, the scheme ought to work out swell, especially when it'll be your handwriting that goes to Andy and her folks demand- ing the ransom. Of course," he added with a flourish of his gun, "if I get good results, I may let you live to tell the tale, and then, again, maybe I won't." "And you think I'll write your rotten notes?" Denny ground out. "Why, you-" "Get back there! Undo them fin- gers and keep 'em high," "Slim" barked. "We've done too much talking already without getting any- where, and a little more might make me plug you first and figure how much I needed you afterward. But right now I need that Carroll dame a darned sight more, so come clean and tell me where you hid her." Linda didn't hear any more. Her mind that had grasped every word with terrifying clarity had reached a pitch where even threats ceased to have meaning. They were just so many words sliding through her brain. And above them a voice was pounding, "Do something--now-- now!" She stared wildly, head swimming, the room turning upside down. And because one object was less famil- iar than the rest, it caught her eye and stopped spinning. It was a huge cartwheel with a polished rim, dotted at the spoke ends with oil lamps and hung by chains that merged into one. A crude but pic- turesque chandelier, which resumed its rightful place as the room stopped swirling and Linda's stunned mind snapped into action. Of course--just the thing! A leap from the balcony to the chan- delier. A surprise drop on that menacing figure below, bringing it to the ground, gun and all. Diffi- cult, yes, but not impossible, for she had seen the stunt pulled time and again on a movie set. There was a chance, to be sure, that the gun might go off, but more than a gam- bler's chance the shot would go wild. Perfect plan, if it worked. The bare flesh beneath her orange pajamas chilled at the thought of that initial leap. Even her fingers clutching the rail trembled. But it was a pair of steady gray eyes that measured the distance from rail to cartwheel; a brave heart that shut her mind to the consequences if she failed and opened it deliberately to the situation below, in time to hear Slim rasp out: "And I tell you, you got just thirty seconds to produce that girl. Ten's gone now, and in twenty more you'll be laid out like one of your rugs. One--two-" There was a whirl of legs as Linda crossed the rail; an orange streak shooting into space. Then a mighty lurch when her fingers contacted the wheel and the floor rushed up to meet her, bringing bedlam with it in a mingling of shouts and oaths; a gun thundering, then oblivion. "Darling--darling!" It was an anguished call, the pressure of ten- der, strong arms, that finally brought Linda to a wavering con- 