The Friendliest Corner 147 friends. So please write to me soon, girls. I'll be waiting for your letters. Patient Ann. A Pal for you older women. Dear Miss Morris: I would very much like to hear from Pen Pals living in the United States and Canada. I am a widow of forty-five, have two grown sons, but I am alone a great deal of the time. I love to write, and can promise interesting let- ters. I also like poetry, music, and often write my own songs. Please, Pals, don't pass me by. I will more than appreciate your letters. Thora. Some one you'll want to con- fide in. Dear Miss Morris: Could you find room in your Corner for me? I'd like to be a real Pal to all the girls. I'm in my teens, and am considered steady and re- liable. I like outdoor sports, and am also a movie fan. I'll exchange snapshots and post-card views with any one who is in- terested. Tell me your troubles, girls; I'll lend a friendly ear. Martha of Nebraska. Toledo Russ is an orchestra leader. Dear Miss Morris: Please print my plea in your Corner. I'm a lonely young man of twenty-eight looking for Pen Pals. I'm a lover of outdoor sports, have trav- eled some, and am an orchestra leader. At present I am in a strange town, and find it very lonely indeed. I have lots of spare time, and writing letters is one of my hobbies. Won't some of you fellows please write? Toledo Russ. She'll send a souvenir. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a very lonely girl of nineteen, fond of sports, and anxious to get in touch with Pen Pals from all over the country. I will be glad to exchange snapshots with any one who cares to write. I can tell you girls much about Florida, especially Miami. Every one who writes to me will receive a souvenir. Come on, girls; there is only one qualification--sin- cerity! Joy of Norwich. Two happy-go-lucky Pals. Dear Miss Morris: We are two happy girls sixteen and eighteen years of age. We live in the country near Pittsburgh, Penn- sylvania, but have plenty of fun and are seldom bored. However, we would love to hear from girls everywhere. We like swimming, dancing, and other sports. We'll exchange snapshots, and promise faithfully to answer all letters. Nip and Tuck. She wants to hear about your town, no matter where it is. Dear Miss Morris: I want to hear from everybody everywhere, but most of all from girls around twenty years of age. I'm a girl with brown hair and eyes. I love music, enjoy outdoor sports, sewing, cooking, and writing letters. I will ex- change snapshots, and promise to answer all letters. Don't disappoint me, girls! Casnovia Dorrie. All you girls of school age, here are some Pen Pals who are waiting to hear from you! Boodie is sixteen, and will exchange snap- shots with every one; New York Cowgirl is seventeen, plays the guitar and sings cowboy songs; Estera, Macrita, Ora D., Aurora Patsy, Fairbanic Babe, Tiny of Georgia, Corsicana, and Waco Dimples are all sixteen years old, will exchange snapshots, and are ready to write long, chummy letters. Then there are several fifteen-year-olds who will welcome your let- ters with open arms. Their names are Maine Maid, Vera of D. C., Merry Frances W., Cissye, Tennessee Liz, and Bristol El. At twenty-one he's a veteran of the stage. Dear Miss Morris: I'm a lonely young man of twenty-one, and have lived in San Francisco for the past five years. I have been on the stage for fourteen years, and have made a lot of friends, but haven't found a real Pal yet. I've been married twice, have done a great deal of traveling in the United States, and am sure that I can make my letters interesting. Come on, all you women haters, drop me a line. I'll exchange snapshots. Actor Bill. She'll show you some letter-writ- ing speed. Dear Miss Morris: May an eighteen- year-old girl enter your Corner? I am a high-school graduate, of Irish-English ex- 