74 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine she whirled and started along the corridor and down the stairs toward her room. Her action seemed to galvanize the man. She could hear his quick footsteps behind her. He was gain- ing on her. Pulses throbbing, Joce- lyn reached her door. At that mo- ment Ward overtook her and crowded into the room beside her. Startled and strangely appre- hensive, Jocelyn turned to him. His hands were clenched at his sides. His face was working with emotion. "Jocelyn," he burst out, "don't hate me." Unexpectedly, her legs would no longer support her, and Jocelyn sank into the nearest chair. Instantly, Ward was at her feet, head against her knees. "Forgive me," he pleaded. "After you left me I went out and tramped the woods, fighting things out with myself. I was going to beg you to give me another trial, to promise never to doubt you again. Then I came in, found you-" Jocelyn felt him shudder. Leaning forward, she slipped her arms about his shoulders, cradled his head against her heart. "It did look pretty bad," she ad- mitted softly. "I don't blame you for thinking-" "Don't," Ward interrupted. "I was a beast. I ought to be shot. Oh, darling, I love you so! I'll never doubt you again. I'm just going to love and trust you always." Jocelyn's arms tightened their hold. Then Ward was kissing her, over and over, as though he could never get enough of her lips. They clung together, trembling, inco- herent with the exultation that surged through them like a ruthless, overpowering tide. "You poor baby, were you terri- bly frightened when you found that man in your room?" he asked pres- ently. Jocelyn shook her head. "Not scared. Just mad. I wanted to get him out in a hurry." She burrowed her cheek into his shoulder with a little sigh. "I guess it depends on the man. There's one here now, and I don't care if he never goes." "I do well to keep an eye on you," Ward teased. Then his tone deep- ened, became serious. "Some day -" he began. "What do you mean some day?" Jocelyn broke in, her voice warm and sweet, her eyes starry. "Isn't to-morrow as good a day as any-- for a wedding?" THE GIFT WE gathered rare orchids together For the house by the little lagoon, The beach held the magic of twilight That covered the islands too soon. The waves were like dancers in silver, That tossed their pale stars in the spray. But the night wrapped in tropical beauty Brought us love, then stole softly away. Charles Bancroft. 