Your Stars And You 143 Also, I would like to say that you are for- tunate in having had only one year of what you are pleased to call "bad luck." Your entire life is ahead of you, and while Jupiter is helpful, you have to be practical and take advantage of opportunities, meanwhile mak- ing your own, too. Most of your difficult influences are past and the next two and one half years look very promising. Wake up and get a new viewpoint. Be serious about your business career and coordinate your forces. Keep your writing as a hobby for the present, but do not give up your literary inclinations. You will be able to capitalize upon them in the future. Even if you do not marry before you are thirty, you have nothing to worry about. There will be an opportunity for such a step the latter part of 1936 and there is more than one marriage in your life. I. D. R., born March 27, 1899, Wisconsin, 6:00 a. m.: It requires longer than I would like to get around to your letters, but you readers are patient souls and seem to understand the length of time it takes to prepare our magazine for national dis- tribution. Sorry you had to wait. Com- paring your data with the other two charts, I shall have to discard the October one. He is attractive to you and there is a strong physical urge shown between you, but the August person is much better suited to your temperament and he will be more likely to fulfill your ambitious and expecta- tions. There is no indication of an im- mediate marriage for you, unless you took that step this fall, and you might have done so due to the strongly emotional plan- etary conditions. There is a strong indica- tion in 1936 of an attraction and there is a definite one about three years from now. Miss M. U., born August 26, 1912, Bel- gium, 11:00 a. m.: I advise you to pursue both these courses. The man's chart blends with yours very nicely and I believe you could have a pleasant life together, if both of you make up your minds not to nag and criticize each other. There is no reason why you should give up your career just because of marriage. Mrs. G. S., born December 20. 1913, Michigan, 1:15 a. m.: It seems to me that the current circumstances are desirable for you as there is little harmony shown be- tween the two charts. Of course, it is obvi- ous that you do not wish your life to be subjected to criticism because of the un- truths some one has circulated about you and you are wise to contest the action. If this party had any chivalry it would be understood that you would be the aggres- sor. Perhaps you can sell the idea and create an amicable situation. Try, any- way. It is always unfortunate to have this type of thing end with bitterness. It looks to me as if you two might be able to get together on this. Planetary conditions in 1935 are better for both of you. WHY QUESTIONS ARE NOT ANSWERED Kai does not send answers by mail. Miss N. S. F., March 28, 1910: Sorry, but I cannot answer you without the birth data of the young man. Mrs. A. A., October 29, 1908: I cannot answer you without the birth data of your husband and the other man. Edna, August 11, 1908, Atlanta, Georgia: Sorry, but I cannot answer you without complete birth data of the two men con- cerned. V. J. P., July 8, 1917: You did not send me the young man's birth data. I cannot answer questions pertaining to marriage without the birth data of both parties con- cerned. Mrs. K. F., November 1, 1879, Germany: I cannot answer you without your hus- band's birth date. Will woman born April 8, 1893, in New York State, who signed herself "M. W. B." kindly send us her address? The services of this department are free to the readers of Love Story Magazine. Editor's Note: Questions for this department are answered only through Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine. Each reader is allowed to ask one question. Be sure to give the following data in your letter: date, month, year, and place of birth, the hour of the day or night, if possible, and sex. Address your letters to KAI, care of this magazine, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. 