112 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine "Well," he spoke slowly, choosing his words carefully, and his eyes had become calculating slits of animated marble, "we'll just pretend that I am. What about it?" "Only this. I'm in a position to give you the information you need regarding the whereabouts of that treasure." "In return for what?" He leaned forward a little, the only sign he gave of his excitement. "In return for something big. Len and I are both to go free of any suspicion of guilt in regard to the murder of Gil Robinson." He spread his hands in the patron- izing gesture of a man who talks to a child. "And how would I be able to do that for you?" "Easily. I know that you mur- dered Gil Robinson, thinking he was Len. I know that!" This time the shaft struck home. His face showed no change, but his eyes became harder, more cruel, if such a thing were possible. "All right," he snapped, "if you know so much, what are you going to do about it? I've got an air-tight alibi. You can't prove a thing." "I know it"--Billie nodded im- perturbably. "I'm not going to try." He looked at her, wondering just what her game was. "Well, what is your game, any- way?" "I'll tell you when you tell me that you killed Gil. There aren't any listeners." "All right. I knew Cooper was going to meet you, and when a guy came sneaking along the path, I let him have it. It was going to even up a lot of things, and get me the book. And then it turned out to be that other punk. I didn't have anything against him. But so help me if you try to pin it on me, I can prove-" "Oh, don't be childish. I'm not going to try to pin anything on you. I've got a proposition to make, and I'm going to make it. You can take it or leave it, and that will end the whole thing." "All right, I'm listening." "Well, you must realize that you're standing on dynamite. Now that I know who you are, you won't get a chance at the treasure, be- cause you'll have to leave town. And if they catch you, you go back to prison for life. All right, they wouldn't be after you any harder for an extra murder than they are now and always will be. And with the money from that treasure, you could go a long way from this coun- try." He leaned forward again, sud- denly, intent. "Are you suggesting that you'll give me the book if I'll confess Rob- inson's murder?" "Exactly." Billie nodded grimly. "That's the proposition. If you do it, nobody finds out that you're James Norcross. And you get a good start before I spring the writ- ten confession you're going to give me." She watched him anxiously, as he slumped back in his chair, thinking. So much depended on this for her, for the man she loved, that she had all she could do to keep from yelling out, anything to break the tension. He roused himself just once. "How do I know you can deliver the book?" "You've got to take my word for it. That book is hidden where you'll never find it. I'll give it to you when I get your confession." Again he slumped back into the chair, silent. And after a long while he sat up, his lips set. He LS-7A 