Thrill Chaser 21 "Then I'll ask you to draw an- other one that will keep us far enough apart so there won't be any danger of its happening again." Denny strode to the center table, jerked out a drawer, and snatched up a piece of white chalk with vol- canic determination. "Here, draw a dividing line"--indicating the middle of the room. "I'll keep strictly to the right side, which gives me the built-in bunk on the ground floor, and you may have the rest, with a bedroom off the balcony. I'm sure you will like it," he added with caustic politeness. "It's a new addition with locks that make it absolutely safe. In fact, at a glance, no one would dream there was a room up there." In the brief silence following, their glances met and clashed. Then Linda tossed her head audaciously and, taking the chalk, marked a line up to and across the center table, ending with a flourish at the oppo- site baseboard. "And thanks for giving me the kitchen, too. That's a real break! However, I'll be lion- hearted and feed you at least three times a day--on your side of the table, of course!" she finished, heart doing a tap dance at the prospect. But the next instant her hopes crashed, for he returned stiffly: "Thanks, but I know you will be relieved to hear there will be only one meal to prepare, an early break- fast, so we'll be sure to make the station in time to flag the morning train. And now I'll wish you good night and pleasant dreams." "As though they could be!" The thought followed Linda forlornly up the short spiral staircase to her bal- cony room. "As though I could even sleep, knowing I'll have to leave and with my heart breaking! And it is!" she sobbed in despair during the interlude while she dis- robed, bathed, and donned a man- darin suit that was the direct oppo- site of her mood, being a Chinese symphony in rainbow embroidery on an orange background. "Denny was right. I have been just a little thrill chaser, but I wasn't with him. It was love--from the first. I know it now. He s-stepped right out of that roadster into my heart, and he's there to s-stay!" Weeping, she blew out the lamp, slipped in between the sheets, and turned miserably to hide her tears in the pillow. "Oh, I do love him --I do!" she choked. "Not that it will ever come to anything with his despising me the way he does, but I'd rather die than go away--and I don't know w-what to do. Oh, if only something would happen!" In a little less than an hour, some- thing did. She would have said that she hadn't closed her eyes, but in the instant of opening them she realized she must have slept. Real- ized, too, that the bellowing voice which had wakened her was strange and threatening and that Denny's tone, rising in crisp contrast, had a frightening quality; one that brought her out of bed and barefoot to the door where she could peer into the room below. There was Denny, facing her, hands lifted, palms up, looking very tall and grim in his wool shirt and corduroys. There was a second fig- ure, too, in leather chaps; a menac- ing and familiar figure, holding something in one extended hand, while the other hung fisted at his side. It took Linda all of ten seconds to grasp that the "something" was a gun leveled at Denny's heart and that the slim young man was re- ferring to herself when he said: "I tell you she did come with you! I saw two horses ride toward that 