12 Street &amp; Smith's Love story Magazine his grapefruit, then he turned to Linda. "I'll tell you! How about paying a visit to your uncle Andy Walton's? First-class outfit, that Lucky D Ranch at Echo Canyon, and a picturesque place if I ever saw one!" "Of course!" Linda agreed, eyes shining. "But do you suppose he would want me?" "Why shouldn't he? Loads of room. Fifty miles from the nearest railroad station and with no one but his partner and a bunch of cowhands around." "Oh! It sounds exciting! You do think it would be, don't you, Bob?" A thoughtful smile quirked the corners of Bob Kershaw's eyes as he caught his sister-in-law's glowing reflection in the mirrored table top: Dusky curls shot with blue fire in the morning sun; great gray eyes that alternately danced or smol- dered beneath incredible lashes; an impudent nose; lips that were frankly painted and sweetly petu- lant. "Lovely and completely spoiled!" was his mental summary. "Mostly my fault, too!" And aloud: "Ex- citing? Well, knowing Uncle Andy as I do and from all accounts of that fine young chap he's taken on as partner, I'd almost guarantee that it would be!" It was. Linda, reached the deci- sion some ten days later, and within the first flickering moment after she had stepped from the train at Echo Canyon. It was a dream come true, a close-up of the picture that had been lingering in the far corners of her mind for weeks. The station itself, a ramshackle affair set deep in a mountain fork. Beyond it, a road, twisting upward to a rose- tinted sky line. And to her left, on the far side of the station platform, a group of cowboys lounging about a hitching rail where their mounts were tethered. Linda stared, blinked, and stared again. Wide-brimmed Stetsons; shirts that shrieked plaids; gay ker- chiefs; chaps shaggy with dust, high-heeled boots! And the men themselves, ranging from short to tall, all darkly tanned! A half dozen pairs of eyes staring back at her! Fully a quarter minute elapsed before she became conscious of them; one pair in particular, belong- ing to a slim young man standing a little apart from the rest, whose pale, watchful gaze caught hers with all the hard brilliance of the nickel studs on his leather chaps. There was an instant of feeling oddly uncomfortable. Then she turned away, suddenly aware of the fact that not one of the group even slightly resembled the description of Andy Walton, and with the real- ization developed an unexpected sensation of utter desolation and loneliness. It was short-lived, however, for almost in the next breath a tall, lank cowboy crossed the platform to greet her with a hesitant: "Howdy, ma'am. Lookin' for some one?" To which Linda gathered her scattered emotions sufficiently to reply: "Yes. I--I expected to find my uncle Andy Walton of the Lucky D Ranch!" "You don't say. Well, that's funny!" "Why?" Linda demanded. "Because he ain't here. He left for Chicago a coupla days ago." "Chicago!" she exclaimed. "But he knew I was coming. I wired him that I would arrive on an earlier train than I originally planned. Didn't he--didn't he even leave word with some one?" she ended a little vaguely. 