32 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine the cold, black depths of the lake. Oh, God, let her find him! Let her find him quickly, before it was too late! She had to find him. Without Bill all the brightness and life would have gone out of the world. She dived again, and struck into his body, floating near the surface. She clutched at it wildly, lifting his head, working furiously with her feet and one free arm to keep them both on top. It seemed that she would never get enough air to breathe again and Bill was so dead and heavy in the water. She could feel her strength slipping weakly away, while her mind, sharper than it had ever been, worked like light- ning, focusing now here, now there, on every possibility of safety. The diving float was appallingly far away, and so, too, was the shore line. She might make the float, but the possibility of clinging to it and holding Bill above water would be beyond her strength. The thought of Adela returned with a shock and her eyes swept the lake and dis- covered the overturned canoe, drift- ing steadily toward the opposite shore. For the moment there was no sign of Adela. It would be better, then, to try for land. Perhaps she would find shallow water as she neared shore. She struck out valiantly, her left arm holding Bill's chin above water, while with her right she struggled for a slow progress. Her thin dress was heavy, impeding her every movement; her heart pounded in her ears, and each gasp of breath tan- talized her and made the next one more difficult. She thought of screaming, but dis- missed the idea immediately. She was too far from the hotel to be heard above the singing and the music, and her breath was too precious to be wasted in futile effort. One more stroke, one more gasp of air, one more tired drag of her left arm, then the whole process must be repeated. A sudden, wild movement of her burden sent a splash of water into her mouth and nose. She choked and released her hold for an instant, backing away in the water. The clarity of her horrified mind told her instantly what had happened. Bill had re- turned to half-consciousness, and finding himself in the water had be- gun the natural struggles of a drowning man. She was frightened now; more frightened than at any moment since that terrible crack of Bill's head against the diving board. There had been a chance of reaching safety with Bill unconscious. But Bill, conscious, was a menace to them both. A tiny spot of gold, far away toward shore caught her eye. "Adela!" she called, her voice scarcely more than a whisper. "Adela! Help!" Then Bill's hand closed brutally upon one shoulder, dragging her be- neath the water. As she went down, she caught a single glimpse of his staring, unseeing eyes and she knew that in that instant--and through no fault of his own--he was com- pletely mad. She struggled fiercely against the grip that was drowning them both, twisting her shoulder wildly away from his fingers. Once, as they came to the top together, choking, fighting, she broke away, only to be clutched again and dragged under. When they reached the top once more, she found that she was fight- ing insanely for her own life--as in- sanely as poor, half-conscious Bill was fighting for his. And in the horrified instant of her realization, a sudden cool reserve of strength came LS--2A 