The Fourth Proposal 103 "Quite interesting," Thelma re- marked, returning the letter. He stared hard at her. "It doesn't seem to make you angry at all," he declared. "Which proves that it is the truth. You're not denying it. You are a gold digger. You couldn't get me, so you tried to get my brother." Her radiant beauty, the look of innocence on her face and the enigmatic smile on her lips an- gered him. "I'm glad I discovered you in time," he blurted out. "I was almost fool enough to fall in love with you myself. I used to sit home and think of you, remember every word you said and every gesture you made. And especially that moment when I held you in my arms and kissed you. "As the days went by, I found myself forgetting Natalie, thinking only of you. Wanting to be with you, wanting to hold you in my arms again. And just as I had de- cided to come back here, I received that letter." Thelma gasped. "You were com- ing back of your own accord?" Her heart leaped. "Yes, but now I'm glad I found you out. You're just another edi- tion of Natalie. I'll take Phil away from here if I have to do it by force." "It won't be necessary," she an- swered. "Have you a pen in your pocket? And a piece of paper?" She probably wanted to write a note to Phil, he thought. Very well. He tore off the unwritten half of an old letter he had in his pocket and gave it to her together with his fountain pen. In a few moments she rose from the ground and tossed away the flat rock on which she had rested the paper. "Read it, please," she said. With incredulous eyes he stared at it. His brows narrowed, then he gazed at her, wide-eyed. "Why, this is," he gasped, "an exact copy of the anonymous letter I received. And it's the same handwriting, too. Did you send it to me?" She smiled at him with glowing eyes. "Yes, I wrote all those terrible things about myself. I wanted you to come back. And it was the only thing I could think of to bring you. I was afraid you'd never come back." His face brightened. This was no Natalie who stood before him, but a rare and precious creature. "I'm glad it turned out this way," he said with a sigh. "I was terribly upset when I received the letter. But now I'm the happiest man in the world. What I felt for Natalie was just pride of possession. I liked to display her as you would a beauti- ful painting. But you, dearest, I love you with all my heart. I don't want you for the world, I want you for myself only." His arms went around her hun- grily and his lips sought hers, bless- ing them with kisses. Thelma sighed happily. She had gotten the man she had waited for. 