Thrill Chaser 11 broke in promptly and to forestall a lengthy repetition of facts. "The only one of the Kvale's who could take it when the family fortune went pff-t. Well, that's grand! But since I didn't meet the hero, and since he later shoved off to parts unknown and there isn't a man in our crowd who could even leave a finger print on my heart, why go to all the bother of Southampton and a house party? It would only mean doing the same stupid things, en- tertaining the same stupid people!" "But it wouldn't!" Helene said swiftly. "Because I've in- vited-" " 'The most in- teresting young man'!" Linda's im- itation of past de- scriptions was per- fect. " 'So different and absolutely thrilling'!" "Well, he is!" Linda whooped. "Then that settles it. Count me out, because I positively draw the line at meeting even one more. Why, they're all just a lot of dimwit playboys turned out of col- lege like so much cookies!" "But where would you go to meet any other kind?" Helene asked. "Right where I am going--West!" "West!" came the astonished echo. "Where?" "Anywhere! Oh, don't you see, I'm so fed up with boys like Ted Kvale, or the whoops-my-dear poet you all but had me ankling up the aisle with last winter. I want to go out where Bob came from, where men are men!" RENASCENCE By Lenore Fisher RAIN melting the snow, Unveiling the lilies Starting to grow. Tears melting my pain, Revealing my heart Beating again. "And wild Indians like you wear moccasins, not cerise sandals with their toe nails lacquered to match!" supplemented a voice from the doorway, where Bob Kershaw stood grinning down at the two girls. "But I'm for you, in spite of 'em, Linda. Go West if you like!" "But, Bob," Helene cut in pro- testingly. "Let her go," he advised, ignor- ing his wife's frantic protest. "After all, I understand how she feels!" "Oh, Bob!" Linda had whirled about. Her voice was a hug. "You do, don't you? Oh, it's not that I don't like being with you and Helene, but all this" --her glance swept the severely mod- ernistic breakfast room of the Ker- shaws' triplex apartment high above Sutton Place --"seems so arti- ficial, somehow! And the men I play around with are so- so-" "Tame!" Bob put in obligingly, taking his place at the table. "I know. Not a thrill in a carload." And after a pause: "Any definite plans?" Linda shook her head. "Not very, only you've said so much about Nevada that I rather thought I'd try it." "But, Bob!" Helene interrupted desperately, only to be silenced by a quick glance and her husband's prompt: "And why not Nevada? There's not a better spot in the country if you're looking for thrills!" There was a pause while he attacked 