40 Street &amp; Smith's Love Story Magazine They had met early in the sum- mer, Dawn Arden and Jack Laird. It had been at the Dunes, where Dawn and her aunt had been stay- ing. Jack had been a life-guard. A golden-brown god high on his throne on Lake Michigan's yellow sands, and Dawn a violet-eyed neophyte, her seventeen-year-old worship, in- cense at his feet. It had been love at first sight for both. An idolatrous, crazy love. A love of langorous days and glamor- ous star-lit nights. Of ecstasy and wonder and bliss. A love that swept even Dawn's staid and thin-lipped aunt on its surging tide. "It isn't that Jack isn't a nice boy," she had grudged in answer to Dawn's pleading, "But I'll have none of this 'being engaged.' You're only seventeen, and that's too young. You must have a year in college--Jack's college, if you want it that way, and both of you free. Then, if you still want each other, still think you're in love-" Still want each other! Still think they were in love! Dawn thought of that now, and snuggling herself against Jack's sweatered shoulder, pulled his cheek down to hers and held it there, while she laughed against it, tenderly pleading: "Darling! Silly, silly darling! To think of our quarreling over Phil Barnes! We ought to be ashamed, both of us! You know he's crazy about Det Henderson. That he's only dating me because Det's my roommate, and they've had a fight over something or other, and aren't speaking. All he does is to pump me about her, trying to find out what she's saying, what she's doing. You should be glad it's Phil and not some one else. "And-" Her fingers twisted at his sweater sleeve, and her long lashes lay dark shadowed on her flushed cheeks--"It's your fault, anyway, Jack. Just because Aunt Lu made you promise you wouldn't tie me down, that you'd give other boys a chance. I've never had a date since I came to this college, I wouldn't have broken for you! "I'm mad about you, Jack! It-- it frightens me. Just touching you makes me shiver all over!" "Don't!" Jack's arms drew her close. His anger forgotten, he whis- pered his love against her ears. "You mustn't say things like that to me! They drive me crazy. You don't know men, darling, you're so young and sweet! And I'm so wild about you! "I want you to go places. I want you to have a good time. I--I promised your aunt, I'd let you, and --I mean to. But not with Phil Barnes, and not to the Dells, and that's where he took you the other night. "The Dells is a gambling joint, and it's in bad with the faculty. It's liable to be raided any night. Suppose it had been raided when you were there, and you'd been expelled? How would your Aunt Lu have liked that? Phil Barnes is a senior. He's older than you. He had no business taking you there!" "Every one goes to Poke Brian's place," Dawn's red lips pouted, "the boys to see his pretty wife and the girls to see what makes the boys want to see her. You're not fair to Phil, Jack. You're jealous. He only took me once, and then only because I asked him to." "Sure I'm jealous," Jack agreed twistedly. "I'm green with jealousy, if any one looks at you. I'll always be. But that isn't what I've got against Phil Barnes." He hesitated, stared down at her from shamed young eyes: "I'm go- ing to tell you something, Dawn, 