Your Stars and You By Kai YOUR WEEK This week will bring new perceptions, intuition and originality. Effort in new and untried lines is advisable, always avoiding the elusive and impracticable channels of activity. Mentally you will be alert, ex- plosive and aware of the new and original. Physically you will be impulsive, erratic, and independent, but enterprising. It is possible to acquire knowledge about many things this week and the wise person will convert knowledge and experience into practical application, so that a smoother and more profitable life may be endured. Some of the days this week will be hectic and irritating, but that is not the idea. Keep on your way and try to make every one of your actions count, without burning up all your energy. Obtain as much rest as possible and relax whenever you are not actively engaged in pursuing your interests. DAY BY DAY Hours mentioned are Eastern standard time Saturday October 20th The day begins in an ener- getic fashion and it will be possible to clear away details which have accumulated sat- isfactorily, throughout the morning hours. Between 1:00 and 3:30 p. m. is not a serene period, there being the prob- ability of delays and sharp criticisms. The following hours are quite pleasant until about 7:30 p. m., the subsequent hour bringing disappointment and restraint in handling ac- tivities. However, after 8:30 p. m. you may plan all recrea- tional and enjoyable affairs with confidence. Sunday October 21st This is an energetic day in spots and a very pleasant one at times. The undercurrent is erratic and many happen- ings will be unexpected. The morning hours are unusually active for a Sunday and the afternoon hours bring energy, too. There will be a tendency to follow rash impulses be- tween 6:00 and 6:30 this eve- ning, and between the latter hour and 9:30 there will be emotional and domestic con- flicts. Plan to indulge your feelings late in the evening. The late hours are balanced, sentimental and conducive to arranging and settling emo- tional disturbances. Monday October 22nd The Full Moon occurs this morning at 10:00 a. m. The trend of the morning hours is the necessity to attend to routine and details, but there will be an unstable quality present and emotional up- heaval. Do not try to move 