116 Detective Story Magazine let father do anything bad. A little bit of money won't hurt him. He is very rich, richer than you'd believe if I told you. So cheer up; I'll stand by you. Through thick and thin, I am, yours most truly, Jennie Winsted. For one instant Ritchie was stunned. An alternating current of bad and good news had shocked him to the marrow. Then he slowly came to a realization of what it all meant. "The old man's abuse of me has done the business!" he cried. "It has put Jennie on my side, and all is won. Now let me starve or freeze; I am content with any fate. Heaven bless Ather- ton and Tripp and Medway! May all their past sins be forgiven, and all their future ones be profitable! They have saved me and made a man of me. It is the turn of the tide." He danced around the table, to the great amazement of the youthful In- dian, whom, at last, he surprised even more by a large gratuity. Ritchie saw nothing of Winsted in several days. He received, however, several notes from Jennie, describing the varying conditions of her father's feelings, and her own warfare upon Ritchie's side. Then, one fine day, Win- sted walked into the laboratory, smil- ing as sweetly as ever, and with ex- tended hand. "I've thought this thing out," he said, "and you're not to blame. I swindled myself; that's the fact about it. Jennie has shown me how the case really stands. She's a bright girl, and she likes you. She wants you to come up and take dinner with us to-day. And I like you, myself; be hanged if I don't. She's talked me into it. I think you and I can make some kind of partner- ship. I believe you're an honest man, and I need your advice. I--I want you to help me soak somebody else with that Yellow Dog claim." "As an honest man," said Ritchie, "I can't view that proposition with favor. But I will go to dinner." No. IX. of "Tales of the Chemists' Club" will appear in the issue of the DETECTIVE STORY MAGAZINE, out October 20th. NEW COUNTERFEITING SCHEME WEEKS of patient searching and watching by Captain Loughry, of the police bicycle squad, of Fort Worth, Texas, were rewarded when he placed under arrest a white man who is wanted by the Federal authorities in connection with the recent counterfeiting operations of two men at Abilene. The other man in the case was arrested about three weeks ago, and, according to Captain Loughry, is now serving sentence in one of the Federal prisons. Captain Loughry's prisoner was transferred to the Federal authorities for a hearing. Counterfeiters have alleged to have photographed United States bank notes, a photograph of each side of the bill being printed and pasted back to back. The prints were thinned down by wearing away the reverse side with sandpapers. Tinting was done in a crude way, and wonder is expressed by authorities at the ability of counterfeiters in passing their spurious money. Operations were carried on principally in the vicinity of Abilene and Baird, Federal authorities say. 