The Yellow Claw 13 "Quite alone, inspector. The truth is, I fear that my servants take liberties in the absence of my wife." "In the absence of your wife? Where is your wife?" "She is in Paris." "Is she a Frenchwoman?" "No! Oh, no! But my wife is a painter, you understand, and--er--I met her in Paris--er- Must you insist upon these--domestic particulars, inspector ?" "If Mr. Exel is anxious to turn in," replied the inspector, "after his no doubt exhausting duties at the House, and if Doctor Cumberly-" "I have no secrets from Cumberly!" interjected Leroux. "The doctor has known me almost from boyhood, but-- er"--turning to the politician--"don't you know , Exel--no offense, no of- fense-" "My dear Leroux," responded Exel hastily, "I am the offender! Permit me to wish you all good night." He crossed the study, and, at the door, paused and turned. "Rely upon me, Leroux," he said, "to help in any way within my power." He crossed the lobby, opened the outer door, and departed. "Now, Mr. Leroux," resumed Dun- bar, "about this matter of your wife's absence." CHAPTER IV. A WINDOW OPENED. WHILE Henry Leroux collected his thoughts, Doctor Cumberly glanced across at the writing table where lay the fragment of paper which had been clutched in the dead woman's hand, then turned his head again to- ward the inspector, staring at him curi- ously. Since Dunbar had not yet at- tempted even a glance at the strange message, he wondered what had prompted the present line of inquiry. "My wife," began Leroux, "shared a studio in Paris, at the time that I met her, with an American lady--a very tal- ented portrait painter--er--a Miss Denise Ryland. You may know her name? But, of course, you don't, no! Well, my wife is, herself, quite clever with her brush; in fact, she has ex- hibited more than once at the Paris Salon. We agreed at--er--the time of our--of our--engagement, that she should be free to visit her old artistic friends in Paris at any time. You un- derstand? There was to be no let or hindrance. ... Is this really necessary, inspector?" "Pray go on, Mr. Leroux." "Well, you understand, it was a give- and-take arrangement; because I am afraid that I, myself, demand certain-- sacrifices from my wife--and--er--I did not feel entitled to--inter- fere-" "You see, inspector," interrupted Doctor Cumberly, "they are a bo- hemian pair, and bohemians, inevitably, bore one another at times! This little arrangement was intended as a safety valve. Whenever ennui attacked Mrs. Leroux, she was at liberty to depart for a week to her own friends in Paris, leaving Leroux to the bachelor's ex- istence which is really his proper state; to go unshaven and unshorn, to dine upon bread and cheese and onions, to work until all hours of the morning, and generally to enjoy himself!" "Does she usually stay long?" in- quired Dunbar. "Not more than a week, as a rule," answered Leroux. "You must excuse me," continued the detective, "if I seem to pry into in- timate matters; but on these occasions, how does Mrs. Leroux get on for money?" "I have opened a credit for her," ex- plained the novelist wearily, "at the Credit Lyonnais, in Paris." Dunbar scribbled busily in his note- book. 