62 Detective Story Magazine "Then we're just goin' to stand off and fight long distance?" Muggs said. "If we'd get in the building, we'd end it quicker." "I realize that, Muggs. But between the shadows of this fence and the near- est door is a patch of bright moonlight fifty feet wide. Why take chances in that bright moonlight when, by playing a waiting game, we win without such grave chances? Eh?" "Well--you see, boss--Riley is in there." "I--I realize that, too, Muggs." "And Riley is a good scout. I had a little run-in with him once, when I thought he believed I wasn't square, but I'm strong for him now." "I understand, Muggs." "And he had a nerve cornin' in the headquarters like he did, in that mask and robe--and he did it to help us out, I'll bet, as much as to get the Black Star." "You want to make a rush for it and get in the factory? Is that it, Muggs?" "Well, I'd take a chance, boss, to help Riley. This game belongs to the three of us, anyway--the police are just backin' us up, you might say." The chief slipped back to them through the shadows. "I got a little of that conversation," he said. "It would be foolish to make such an attempt now. We'd just have more men in there in trouble. Why, I've known Riley for years--knew him before I ever got in the department. I'd be the first man to go across that patch of moonlight, if I thought it would help." "Well-" Muggs said. "We'd walk into trouble. We can tell there's from a dozen to a score of men in there, and they're desperate, ready to die with their boots on like the old-time bandits did. Suppose two or three of us did get across that moon- light and get in the building. We might whip the dozen or score, and again we might not. And, if I order a rush now, I'm going to lose men. I don't want to do that. We'll just batter away at them for a time first. I've sent for searchlights." "Searchlights?" Verbeck gasped. "I can connect with a power wire at the corner of the alley. We'll flood every window with light, so not a man will dare get in one of them to shoot. And then, when the proper time comes, we'll rush and get into the building. I've sent for more men, too." "More men?" Verbeck asked. "Exactly--more men! Two of my men are down now, and one of them is liable to die. Nothing in this town is as important, right now, as getting the Black Star, no matter whether we ar- rest him or kill him trying to. We've- got him cornered--we know that. He's got some of his gang with him. And the police department drops everything else until we finish this! All the re- serves are coming. Every policeman in the city now on duty is getting or- ders to report here as soon as possible when he pulls a box. I'm stripping the town of police to throw a police army around this block. It'll never be said we had him surrounded and that he got away. Here's where we finish the Black Star." "If news of this is scattered around town-" Verbeck began. "It is scattered around town already. The call for the reserves scattered it. There'll be extra editions of the papers on the street in another quarter hour, or I'll miss a guess. And then we'll have a mob down here--several thousand fools who want to see the scrap, and won't have any more sense than to try to see it at close range. I want men to handle the fool mob as well as surround the block." There came another lull in the firing. No flashes of flame showed at the win- dows. On the outside, the police re- filled weapons and waited, half expect- 