The Captive Soul 87 and appeared to be rearing at me. I turned and fled, stopping only when the light went out, and I could no longer see to run. But I relit the candle, and again turned to my search; for I had now reached that desperate stage where an animal, even a cowardly animal, when absolutely cornered, will fight till the last breath leaves its body. "Following the hall to its lower end, I found another running to the right. As I turned down this, I suddenly stopped, my blood freezing in my veins. In the darkness ahead, glowing in the candlelight, shone a pair of eyes; then, with a rumbling snarl, a great object came hurtling toward me. "Calling on Heaven to help me, I waited, the knife raised above my head. "The creature struck me heavily in the chest, hurling me backward to the floor, and the candle flew wildly, leav- ing me in utter darkness. But, even as I fell, with all my might I struck, landed solidly, and the knife was wrenched downward and out of my hand. "For a while I lay where I had fallen, half stunned, instinctively covering my throat with my hands, expecting each moment to feel the hot breath on my face, the horrible fangs biting into my flesh. Then, I became aware of a scuf- fling sound, a few heavy, deep-drawn breaths, a gurgling, rattling cough, and all was still. "At last, on hands and knees, I be- gan groping for the matches, which had been flung out of my hand with the candle. Once, I touched something hairy and warm, and shrank back, my hands held before me to ward off an attack. When my search was re- warded, I struck a light, dreading what it might show me. "On the floor, weltering in its blood, the knife still sticking in its throat, lay an enormous dog, a powerful, savage, murderous brute. Drawing out the bloody knife, I proceeded down the hall to the other end, where I found a heavy door standing ajar. My light fell through the opening on a small land- ing, with a flight of steps to the left descending into the darkness. "As I shoved the door farther open to pass through, it resisted; an unseen hand seemed to be there, pushing against me. Determined to fight my way if necessary, I threw forward my weight, shoving the door wide, and, as I did so, kicked a soft object from un- der my feet, down the steps. I found that a strong spring was what had been shoving against me, and, as I released it, the door slammed to with the click of a latch, evidently having been kept from shutting by the thing over which I had stumbled. "Trying the door to make sure that I could open it again when necessary, I descended the steps, which led down about ten feet, and stooped to examine whatever it was over which I had stum- bled. It was an old, oilskin hat--Vivi- an's! This was the first positive evi- dence I had found that she had been here, and I do not know whether my feeling was one of relief or of horror. "I now found myself in an under- ground passage, paved with cement, and my footsteps echoed noisily as I pushed on into the blackness of the gloomy way. "Then, right at me, before I noticed it, I saw something that made me start back with such violence that my candle flickered ominously. A bare, human foot, sole turned toward me, toes widely spread, was what my bulging eyes saw; and the leg to this foot--that was all. "Pressed against the wall, I was cir- cling the ghastly fragment, keeping as far from it as possible. Abruptly, how- ever, I turned and bent above it. Could it be-- Was it-- But I drove the horrible thought from my mind, and hurried on down the passage. "At length, I reached a door at what seemed to be its end. This was un- locked, and I pushed it open to find my- 