58 Detective Story Magazine us, though I couldn't identify the chauf- feur very well. But you can lay a wager right now, chief, that those men will receive a roll of bills each and be sent out of town at once. The Black Star, you understand, knows we have seen them. Their usefulness for him is at an end." "Here's your corner!" the chauffeur cried. Verbeck stood up in the machine and looked around him, then glanced at his cuff to be sure he was making no mis- take. "Drive south eight blocks," he or- dered, "then stop." The machine sped away. The destination was reached. Verbeck sprang out and looked around at the pavement. He gave a glad cry and ran toward one curb. There in the street was a white blotch, where the heavy wheel of some vehicle had run over and crushed a piece of chalk. "You see?" he cried. "A moment now!" He looked at his cuff again. "Three blocks this time--but in what direction, I do not know. I didn't have a chance to see very well, remember. All I know is that the taxi made an- other turn three blocks from this cor- ner." They went toward the west first, and on the third corner searched without success for the bit of chalk. There was a small searchlight on the car, and with it they swept the pavement for a hundred feet in every direction. They found no trace of chalk. They went to the next corner, think- ing Verbeck might have made a mis- take counting the number of blocks, and again they searched without reward. Back to the first corner they hurried, and this time went to the east. Be- fore they had searched the third corner there less than a minute, Verbeck found what they sought. The chalk had not been crushed here, but here it was, close to the curb. Verbeck consulted his cuff again. "Five blocks," he said. "It must be five blocks north or south. We know the place we want to find is in the manufacturing district somewhere, so the best guess is south." Again the machine dashed down the street. Once more they descended and searched the pavement. Muggs, the chief, the two detectives from head- quarters joined in the search. The chauffeur operated the searchlight and flooded the street with brilliance. There was no sign of chalk. "Down another block--maybe you made a mistake," the chief said. They hurried to the next corner. It was nearly eleven o'clock. Unless the chalk could be found, they would have no direct trail to follow, and a sys- tematic search of the manufacturing district would take hours, and put the Black Star on guard. Five minutes' search convinced them there was no chalk on this corner. They got into the machine and turned back to the last corner where they had found the chalk. "I'm sure I counted five blocks," Ver- beck said. "Perhaps it is in the other direction." "I've got it!" one of the detectives cried. "See that private alley? You counted that. It's the fourth corner instead of the fifth." They stopped on the fourth corner. There was a blotch of white on the pavement--the police machine itself had made it by crushing the chalk as it passed. "Now what?" the chief demanded. "Two blocks," said Verbeck. "And that's all I could remember when I re- gained consciousness. Two blocks to another piece of chalk, and after that a considerable run without a turn. We'll have to go blind until I see something that recalls the locality." Two blocks they journeyed at top speed, two blocks to the east--and 