60 Detective Story Magazine Black Star, his plans for the night's crime completed, had left the head- quarters and gone to whatever place he called home. There would be nothing to do then except watch the empty nest. But, if the Black Star and some of his men were in the building- A flash of flame came from one of the windows. A bullet whistled past Verbeck and Muggs, and struck the fence near the gate. Another flash of flame--another bullet! "Get out of that moonlight!" they heard the chief shriek. On another side of the building there was a shot from a window, and one of the detectives replied to it. Verbeck and Muggs dashed back to the fence and got in the shadows. More shots flashed from windows. The Black Star, evidently, was in his head- quarters with some of his men, at bay, forgetting his abhorrence of violent methods, giving battle in an effort to escape the police he had scorned. CHAPTER VIII. THE VOICE OF DESPERATION. THE chief crept slowly along the fence until he stood beside Ver- beck and Muggs. "They're on to us!" he exclaimed. "They must have had somebody watch- ing. Afraid Riley had given the tip before he was caught, I suppose. Now we've got to smoke 'em out!" Shots came at intervals from some of the windows, and now and then one of the detectives fired in return. The chief spoke a few rapid words to the chauffeur, and in an instant the ma- chine was tearing down the street, the siren shrieking. "Told him to send in an alarm!" the chief explained. "No use trying to handle this thing by ourselves, Ver- beck. We'll have a sweet time getting in there--but we've got 'em! Thank Heaven, it's an easy place to surround, and if they try to come out, we'll get every last one of them. This will be the end of the Black Star. But I'm afraid for Riley, if he's still in there. These smooth crooks are always the worst when they get cornered. They forget they're human. I wouldn't put it past the Black Star to do for old Riley, if he finds he's up against a los- ing game." More shots from the windows--then a lull! It was somewhat of a ticklish situation. Here were five men guard- ing the four sides of the building, and it was impossible to say how many were inside. If the master criminal and his men made a rush, some of them might escape. Crouching nervously in the shadows of the fence, the five waited, straining their ears to hear sounds that would tell of the coming of a police machine. Minutes passed, and there came no rush of determined and desperate men from the building. Verbeck remem- bered the Black Star's cleverness--be- gan wondering whether there was some sort of underground passage through which he could lead his men to safety. Again a fusillade of shots, and he knew they still were in the building. Did the fusillade herald a rush for freedom? Gripping their weapons, those near the fence waited, but the rush did not come. And then, from far down the street, came the shrieks of a siren, rapidly drawing nearer. The chief gave a sigh of relief. He left Verbeck and Muggs and hurried through the gate and to the curb. The machine turned the nearest corner and dashed up to him, and half a dozen police sprang out. Another siren in the distance--an- other machine. The chief had reen- forcements of some fifteen men now. He explained the situation rapidly, sent his men to surround the building. 