A Rustic Rival 73 The feat to which he alluded had been performed on the afternoon be- fore, when we had fished in Waverly Pond. I was not aware that anybody but myself had seen it. "Your facts are scanty," rejoined Nick pleasantly; "but your conclusion is accurate. What can I do for you?" "The boot's on the other leg," re- torted the young man. "I'm going to do something for you." "Very kind of you, I'm sure," said Nick. "What is it?" "I'm going to put you on to one of the prettiest murder mysteries that ever you tackled," said the young man, with enthusiasm. "It happened last night, but it wasn't discovered till this morn- ing. I was right there at the time, and I knew what to do. "I said to all of 'em, including Dep- uty Sheriff Wilson, who got there al- most as soon as I did: 'Don't disturb anything. Save it for Nick Carter.' And I made 'em do it, too." "What was it that they saved?" asked Nick. "There was his coat, all covered with blood, and the horse and wagon in the yard, and the broken board over the hiding place where he kept his money, and--" "Where who kept his money?" de- manded Nick. The young man paused, shame- faced, like a boy who had done some- thing very foolish when he has tried to be especially smart. He covered his embarrassment with a laugh. "Guess I'm a bit rattled," he said. "Besides, I've had a hard run, and my breath's not as yet got back into my body. I'll be all right in a jiffy. You come across the brook--there's a fallen tree for a bridge just below here--and by the time you get over I'll be ready to talk." Nick said nothing; but he started at once for the broken tree. I followed him. and we crossed the brook. The young man was waiting for us. I had already "sized him up." He was, or fancied himself to be, an ama- teur detective, with great talent for criminal investigation. He had prob- ably studied the subject as it is pre- sented in fiction. This crime which he had so imperfectly disclosed to us was doubtless his first opportunity for the display of his abilities, and he intended to prove his merit under the eyes of the great master of detection. It struck me that he was acting wisely. A man of less sense would have tried to keep Nick Carter out of the case as long as possible, in order to secure for himself the honor of de- tecting the criminal. The young man had fully recovered his self-command when we joined him after crossing the brook. "My name is Walter Fairman," he said. "I've been teaching the school at Waverly Falls. Everybody round here knows me. "Now for this crime. I was coming along the highroad, toward Marvin's, about three-quarters of an hour ago, in- tending to fish this stream. Just as I got opposite Sam Bennett's house-- which is about a third of a mile the other side of Marvin's--I heard a woman scream. "She seemed to be in Bennett's stable, which is built alongside his barn. The barn's back of the house, and the stable stands out at right angles with both, so that when you walk into the yard, the stable faces you and the house is on the left. "As I came up, I had noticed Ben- nett's horse and wagon in the yard. The horse was facing the stable doors, which were closed. It looked as if Ben- nett had just driven in; and I wondered where he had been so early in the morn- ing. "When I heard the scream, I ran into the yard. Just as I did so, Mrs. Ben- 