102 Detective Story Magazine detective left the house, and uncon- sciously approached his chief, who was lounging at the comer. As he passed Flint, the latter said quietly: "Go around the corner and wait for me." His assistant stiffened slightly at the well-known voice; but that was the only sign of surprise he gave. With a grunt and a nod, he turned about at right angles into the side street, and along this Flint presently followed him. A short distance beyond the corner, well out of sight from Flint's house, Judson paused, and there his chief over- took him. "I haven't made any headway yet," Judson announced, without any pre- liminaries. "I located the car late this afternoon, but there I came to a dead stop." "Never mind about that," Flint said quickly. "It doesn't matter in the least. I can lay my hands on Green-eye Gor- don at any moment." "The deuce you can!" ejaculated Judson. "Then I should certainly say you don't need me--for the sort of leg- work I've been doing to-day, at any rate." "What about my double, though?" Flint put in swiftly, without giving Jud- son time to ask any questions. "Is he still at the house, and if so, what has he been doing?" "He's there, all right. He's been writing letters in the bedroom. He de- clined to use the study." "Ah!" Flint murmured,, in a peculiar tone. "Letters, eh? Has he mailed them?" "No. I offered to do it for him a lit- tle while ago, but he said he would be going out himself later on." Flint thought over this information for a minute or two, while his assistant watched him questioningly. "Did you happen to see any of the letters?" Flint inquired at length, rous- ing himself from his abstraction. "I mean, could you tell whether they were stamped or not?" His assistant nodded. "I got a squint at a little pile of them," he admitted. "The top one was stamped, but I could not say as to the rest." This required further thought on Flint's part. He was tempted, of course, to end matters then and there, before those letters could reach their destination, and cause the consternation they were certain to create. On the other hand, he felt it necessary to give Gordon a little more leeway, and, in order to do that, it seemed essential that the letters be mailed. He had searched Gillespie's private rooms, on the theory that Green Eye might have left the stolen papers there, but he had found nothing of the sort. Yet, it was imperative that these papers be recovered, if possible, at the same time the rascal was captured. Unless that were done, the precious records might not be returned at all, for certainly Gordon could not be counted on to restore them voluntarily. To be sure, the fact that he had been writing those letters--doubtless, black- mailing ones;--under Flint's own roof, suggested that he had the documents there to refer to. That, however, was by no means certain, for he might have put the records in some remote place, perhaps a safe-deposit vault, after mak- ing a list of the names and addresses desired. Therefore, it seemed wise to give the fellow his head, for the time, and mean- while, to keep him under observation, in the hope that his movements would give some hint as to his possession or nonpossession of Flint's papers. The detective was about to explain this to his assistant when the latter broke in excitedly. "For the love of Pete! What's up?" he demanded. "What are you cooking 