14 Detective Story Magazine "Does she take her maid with her?" he jerked suddenly. "She has no maid at the moment," replied Leroux; "she has been with- out one for twelve months or more now." "When did you last hear from her?" "Three days ago." "Did you answer the letter?" "Yes; my answer was among the mail which Soames took to the post to- night." "You said, though, if I remember rightly, that he was out without per- mission ?" Leroux ran his fingers through his hair. "I meant that he should only have been absent five minutes or so; while he remained out for more than an hour." Inspector Dunbar nodded compre- hendingly, tapping his teeth with the head of the fountain pen. "And the other servants?" "There are only two: a cook and a maid. I released them for the evening --glad to get rid of them--wanted to work." "They are late?" "They take liberties because I am easy-going." "I see," said Dunbar. "So that you were quite alone this evening, when"-- he nodded in the direction of the writ- ing table--"your visitor came?" "Quite alone." "Was her arrival the first interrup- tion?" "No--er--not exactly. Miss Cum- berly-" "My daughter," explained Doctor Cumberly, "knowing that Mr. Leroux, at these times, was very neglectful in regard to meals, prepared him an ome- let, and brought it down in a chafing dish." "How long did she remain?" asked the inspector of Leroux. "I--er--did not exactly open the door. We chatted, through--er-- through the letter box, and she left the omelet outside on the landing." "What time would that be?" "It was a quarter to twelve," declared Cumberly. "I had been supping with some friends, and returned to find Helen, my daughter, engaged in prepar- ing the omelet. I congratulated her upon the happy thought, knowing that Leroux was probably starving himself." "I see. The omelet, though, seems to be upset here on the floor?" said the inspector. Cumberly briefly explained how it came to be there, Leroux punctuating his friend's story with affirmative nods. "Then the door of the flat was open all the time?" cried Dunbar. "Yes," replied Cumberly; "but while Exel and I searched the other rooms-- and our search was exhaustive--Mr. Leroux remained here in the study, and in full view of the lobby--as you see for yourself." "No living thing," said Leroux monotonously, "left this flat from the time that the three of us, Exel, Cum- berly, and I, entered, up to the time that Miss Cumberly came, and, with the doctor, went out again. "H'm!" said the inspector, making notes. "It appears so, certainly. I will ask you, then, for your own ac- count, Mr. Leroux, of the arrival of the woman in the civet furs. Pay special attention"--he pointed with his foun- tain pen--"to the time at which the various incidents occurred." Leroux, growing calmer as he pro- ceeded with the strange story, complied with the inspector's request. He had practically completed his account when the doorbell rang. "It's the servants," said Doctor Cum- berly. "Soames will open the door." But Soames did not appear. The ringing being repeated: "I told him to remain in his room," 