Headquarters Chat IT was the worst snowstorm of the year. Two o'clock in the morning. The wind struck hard at the two figures toiling through the drifts. One was taller than the other, a man, by his manner and action, held the shorter, possibly a woman, close and vehemently, with a determination that evidently combated the other's desire to escape. Now almost carrying his companion, the taller of the two slid and lurched down the incline at One Hundred and Thirty-fourth Street, to the Hudson River. The gale had cleared just a bit just here, and the plank and shoring showed bare, where, nosed to it, lay an interned ship. The burden bearer halted for a moment as he reached the interned boat, then stepped on the narrow plank; and, coursing like a hunted stag up the deck, he and his burden sank into the inscrutableness of the darkness that is a super- darkness, and heralds the birth of all our To-days. In this way, two of the leading characters in THE BLACK OPAL By FRANCES AYMAR MATHEWS the novelette in the next issue, are introduced to you. This is one of the best detective stories that we have ever read, and we have read some detective stories. That you will agree with us, that the story will thrill you as you have not been thrilled in many a long day, and that you will write and ask for more stories by Miss Mathews, we feel assured. To the reading public, Miss Mathews needs no introduction, celebrated as she has been for many years as an author of rare talent. Forceful, dramatic, with the element of suspense masterfully sustained, A BATTLE FOR RIGHT By DOUGLAS GREY begins in serial form in the next issue. Thorndyke Flint, the great detective, and his assistants are pitted against the wit and brawn of as crafty a criminal as ever thrust aside honor and man-made laws to gain his own dastardly ends. This is the best serial, so far, from the pen of Douglas Grey. The next installment of "The Yellow Claw," by Sax Rohmer, is a corker. The short stories include: "The Indelible Stain," the ninth of the "Tales of the Chemists' Club" series, by Howard Fielding; "The Haunted House," by Alice Ziska Snyder; "A Prima Donna in Plain Clothes," by Frank Blighton; and "Bije Hicks and the Safe Blower," by Keene Thompson. CAN YOU SOLVE THIS ONE? Readers of the magazine have taken such an interest in solving cryptograms and puzzles that we intend making these puzzles a regular feature. The answer to this one will be printed in the next issue, so solve it now; and when you get 