34 Detective Story Magazine clean get-away. But got it through both shoulders! In a prison hospital for three month'. That's a man's game --a man's game. Get me? Yours! Huh! Like lifting the near-gold brace- let of a girl baby what's been left in your lap by its mother. But I ain't here to chuck that little piece. That ain't what brought me. I'm here on biz!" "If it isn't money, what is it?" asked the son. He added : "And suppose we lock that door, over there. Somebody might come in. We might be inter- rupted." The other's face wrinkled into a smile that was so like a threat of the most sinister kind that the son involuntarily drew himself back. "What do you think you're up against?" he asked, pulling the key of the door from his pocket and slipping it back again. "When you was waiting for me to close the door, I locked it. Didn't take a chance, I didn't. As to why I'm here, it's the flimsy, but not the sort you think. As I chucked it, it's a story--a story of a pal and his skirt. Only she ain't exactly a skirt--she's straight-- she's on the level. I'll cut it short. "Here, I gits out first, and the pal sends me with a love message to the girl. She's been slaving and slaving and slaving--in a box factory. Eight year--from the time she was seventeen. Good wages--because she's one of 'em they speeds up and then speeds up again so as to rush the others. Big wages--for a girl. She's been skimping herself--skimping--skimping. When he gits out, she's going to have a nice little flat, all furnished by her lone- some. That's one bug. The other bug is that she'll keep him straight. There's her savings and the pretty flat. Oh, she's dafty, all right! Then, in a paper, she sees one of your eye-grab- bing lies. She takes her little pile--all her skimpings, and she buys the lot what I seen and where you couldn't find bottom with a power oil drill. That's the story--that is! Isn't it nice? How does it feel when you sees one of your flies all stuck up and trying to make a get-away from your smut fly paper? How does it feel, I ask? How?" "Now, now!" soothed the son, hold- ing up his hand as if to ward off the contempt and even fury that had been condensed into the questions. "Maybe, in a way, you and I might be said to be in the same boat--but my deal is legal --your-" "Push in your jaw bolts!" blurted the father. "As you're the skunk, you couldn't be expected to see the diff. There is a diff; a diff as big as between a cellmate and the head warden--bigger --as wide as twenty oceans. And I've got it under my skin that I lifted good money to feed and give schooling to a skunk. Say, I had hopes--hopes! But chuck that part. What I'm here for is to make you take out your check book from that swell desk and write a check for the straight skirt. The ad- vertisement? I've seen it--the girl's got it. It says that there might be a one-to-ten shot--that's it--a one-to-ten shot. Says it so slick that you've got three ways and the roof, besides, for a clean get-away--but it says it. Un- derstand, it says it. You'll take a pen in that nice, white hand and write a check that way. It'll be a bookmaker's swing-in--ten for one. Here's her name and what she paid into your smut shell game." He pulled out a bit of paper from his pocket and, stepping to the desk, laid it before the son. "Not on your life," said Jenifer, sur- prised by the suggestion. He chanced the sneer. "A holdup by your dear, paternal relative don't go in this shop. Not on your necktie pin!" The iron-hard face of the other hard- ened even more. With a growl that was amazingly like the tiger he has been compared to, he leaped forward. 