Black Star's Subterfuge 37 paign with the help of only Muggs and Detective Riley until the Black Star passed through prison doors to begin a long sentence. The smirks and grins that Verbeck had faced this day served only to double his determination to conquer the Black Star. It was a game of wits and strat- egy, for the Black Star abhorred vi- olence. None knew better than Roger Verbeck that he had been out-generaled in the last affair. But failure had in- creased his caution and cunning. In their next clash, he felt sure, the Black Star would find that the mettle of his foe was better. Now Verbeck sipped his demitasse, and in a panel mirror before him ob- served the approach of the waiter with a finger bowl. He glanced at his watch --within fifteen minutes Muggs would be before the restaurant with the roadster. They would pick up Riley at headquarters and hurry to the old Ver- beck house, to begin their vigil. For they slept in the daytime for the greater part, and remained alert at night, ready to answer an alarm if the Black Star committed another crime, eager to get on the scene as soon as possible and try to pick up the trail. It was known that the Black Star had reorganized his band and established a new headquarters since Roger Verbeck and Muggs had almost destroyed his establishment. And from this new headquarters, Roger Verbeck doubted not, the master crook would conduct a campaign of crime that would terrorize the city. If the new headquarters could be located- "Pardon me, sir, are you ill?" Even as the waiter spoke, Verbeck realized that his thoughts were becom- ing confused, his hands were trembling, and beads of perspiration were stand- ing on his forehead. His stomach re- volted. He reached for the glass of water near him, and it was necessary for the waiter to guide it to his lips. "I guess--I-" he stammered. "Try to stand, sir. There is a small retiring room directly to your right. If you wish to go there, sir-" The waiter aided him to stand even as he spoke. He guided Verbeck's fal- tering steps toward the little retiring room. Half a dozen diners had noted the occurrence. The head waiter hur- ried across the room. "Mr. Verbeck had been taken ill sud- denly," the waiter said, in a low voice. Almost instantly the manager was among them. "Why, it is Mr. Verbeck!" he gasped. "Suddenly ill, you say, George? Get a physician immediately!" Verbeck was sitting on the divan in the corner of the room, scarcely able to keep from toppling over. He felt him- self growing weaker. His eyes closed, and he was unable to open them again. His head fell back. The manager bent forward and stretched him on the couch. Two men appeared in the doorway, and the manager and head waiter whirled to face them. "Pardon me," the first said, "but I noticed what happened, and thought I might be of some service. I am a phy- sician--here is my card." "Look at this man, then," the man- ager directed. ''He became suddenly ill while eating-" The professional-looking man al- ready was bending over Roger Ver- beck. His companion stood to one side. "Why, it is Mr. Roger Verbeck!" the physician exclaimed. "I know him well, but did not recognize him in the restaurant--his back was toward us." "Anything serious?" asked the wor- ried manager. "He is subject to these attacks--a pe- culiar stomach trouble," the physician explained. "I have treated him many times. Undoubtedly he ate something a bit too rich. No--it is not serious. 