74 Detective Story Magazine nett threw open the big doors of the stable. "She seemed to be a good deal stirred up about something. Says I: 'What's the matter, Mrs. Bennett?' "She looked at me sort o' queer, as if she didn't know what to say. Finally she told me that she'd been robbed. "Of course, I asked her all about it. She took me into the stable, and showed me a hole in the floor in a corner. Two or three planks had been pried up, and there were fresh splinters of wood, showing that it had been done very re- cently. Also, the amount of breaking and splintering proved that it had been done in a hurry. An ax lay on the floor, near by. "Under one of the planks--a short piece, evidently cut to fit across two beams that were only about two feet apart--was a sort of box, made strongly, and fastened to the beams, on each side. " 'That's where Sam kept his money,' said Mrs. Bennett; 'and it's gone.' "Certainly, there was no money in the box, then. I asked her if he threw it in there loose, and she said no; he had a small, sheet-iron box to hold it. That had been taken away. " 'Where's Mr. Bennett?' I asked. " 'He's gone away,' she said. 'I don't expect him back to-day.' "I thought that her manner was queer, but it was a good deal stranger when she began to urge me not to say anything about what I had seen. " 'Sam wouldn't like it,' she said. 'Besides, we can catch the thief easier if we keep quiet.' "Just then, who should walk in but John Wilson, the deputy sheriff. He happened to be passing by--going fish- ing, just as I was--and he saw the horse and wagon in the yard. It seems that the horse had started while I was in the stable, and had come near turn- ing the wagon over. Wilson had run in to keep him from doing it. Then he had naturally looked into the stable, to see who was there. "He heard what Mrs. Bennett said about catching a thief, and that being in his line, he asked what had been stolen. "Mrs. Bennett started to lie to him, but she thought better of it, and told him the truth. "While she was doing it, I was tak- ing a look around, and what do you think I found? Why, I found Sam Bennett's coat, all covered with blood, lying on the stable floor. I didn't pick it up. I just stooped down and exam- ined it, to make sure that the stains were really blood. At the same time I saw other red marks on the floor, near the coat. "Then I managed to get Wilson aside for a moment, and I told him that there was something worse than robbery in the case. He took a look at the coat, and motioned to me to say nothing to Mrs. Bennett. " 'You'll get cold here,' says he to her, intending to get her out of the way, so that we could talk. 'Run into the house, and put a shawl on.' "She was dressed very thinly, and it was rather chilly. I had noticed that she was shivering. "When Wilson told her to go in and get a shawl, she went right away. Then he asked me what I knew about the matter, and I told him. " 'Bennett's been murdered,' said he. 'Probably he came out here early, to hitch up the horse, and went to his money box. Some tramp, that had been sleeping in the barn, saw him, and killed him for the money. We'll find his body hidden in the barn.' " 'That theory won't work,' said I to him. 'These bloodstains are several hours old. Besides that, why did Ben- nett hitch up his horse with his head toward the stable doors? No, sir; this crime was committed last evening. 