64 Detective Story Magazine he said. "You believe the Black Star is in that building?" "I heard his voice urging his men," Verbeck replied. "And how many men do you believe he has with him?" "Frankly, I have no idea, sir." "I am insisting that the chief have his men rush the building, Mr. Ver- beck. He tells me it would be a foolish thing to do at this juncture. I am of the opinion that few, if any, policemen would be wounded making the dash to the doors." "Kindly remember," Verbeck said, "that getting inside the doors is not all of it. Once inside, there'll be a hand- to-hand fight. I know the Black Star, Mr. Mayor. He is a tricky individual. He had traps in his other headquarters, and he may have in this." "Are we to do this sort of thing for- ever, then?" "I believe the chief is taking the right method," Verbeck replied. "He is flooding the place with light now. If they continue the fight, they must ap- pear at the windows to fire, and sooner or later some of them will be wounded. A few wounded men, a few hours of this continual warfare, and the men inside that building will lose heart." "I understand Detective Riley, an old and tried officer, is held prisoner in the building." "The last I knew of him, he was," Verbeck said. "Um! It seems peculiar to me that you and your man could not have over- come this Black Star when you were in the room with him and Riley had him covered. I understand he defeated the three of you." "He did," Verbeck admitted. "Muggs and I were bound hand and foot. The Black Star took a chance and smashed the only lamp in the room. In the darkness he overcame Riley and Muggs with a vapor gun he uses. The rest was simple, since I was helpless." "Say!" Muggs shoved his way for- ward and confronted the city's chief executive. "Have you got the nerve to stand here and bawl out my boss be- cause we got the worst of it? Why, he's got more nerve than you and all your police together! He--" "Muggs!" Verbeck shouted. "Well, it makes me mad! Why are we mixed up in this thing, anyway? Because the police can't handle the job --that's why! And now the mayor tries to bawl us out--" "My good man--" the mayor be- gan; he was an aristocratic mayor. "Don't you 'good man' me! Want to rush in there, do you? Peel your coat, Mr. Mayor! Get a gun and come on! I'll lead the way, if you'll follow! Riley's my friend--I'll lead the way! Well?" Verbeck smothered a grin. The chief turned away quickly to hide the twinkle in his eyes. "I--er--we'll just drop the subject," the mayor said. "Perhaps the chief knows best." A volley of shots came from the building; volleys from the police an- swered it! "Some shootin'!" Muggs exclaimed. "And it takes just one of them bullets --just one--to do considerable damage to a man. Want to rush in, mayor?" "That'll do, Muggs!" Verbeck com- manded. "The mayor is all right--he just didn't quite understand." "Well, if he thinks we haven't got nerve enough to go in-- You might tell him we'd have been in there before this, except that the chief is command- in' officer and said to stay out!" "There is no question of your cour- age, Muggs." "Nor of yours, Mr. Verbeck," the mayor said quickly. "Let us drop the subject, and await developments." The firing ceased for an instant. From the factory came a chorus of such 