A Rustic Rival 79 Heywood," he said, in a low, anxious voice. "Never heard of him," said Nick. "Who is he?" "This woman's brother, and the prin- cipal in this crime, beyond a doubt. Don't try to deceive me. You are on his track." "I may be," said Nick; "but, upon my word, I didn't know it." "Didn't know it!" "No; what makes you think he's the man?" "He's Bennett's only enemy. There was a lawsuit. Everybody around here knows that Bennett's testimony would have cost Heywood nine-tenths of all he's worth. He had testified once against his brother-in-law, and Hey- wood threatened to kill him then. "The case went against Heywood, but, on appeal, a new trial was ordered. The case was to be called to-morrow. "Wilson had the summons for Ben- nett in his pocket. He wasn't going fishing; he was coming here to serve it." "Rather early in the morning," said Nick. "Yes; Wilson was afraid Bennett would evade it. As a matter of fact, he was afraid for his life if he testi- fied." "And you think that Heywood killed him to suppress his testimony?" "Yes; is there any other explanation of this woman's conduct? She knows her brother did the deed. She's trying to shield him." "That's a promising theory," said Nick. "Suppose you go to Heywood's house and try to work it up, while I go and send my telegrams." "Telegrams? Do you think Hey- wood has run away?" "I don't know anything about it." Fairman was puzzled, but not more than I was. "You seem to be guessing," said the schoolmaster, at last. "You discover evidence accidentally. I've heard a good deal about your luck, and now I believe it. "I'll tell you one piece of evidence that you've turned up. There's a way to Heywood's house along that brook where you found the box. What do you think of that?" "It's quite interesting," said Nick. "I suppose Mrs. Bennett ran away to see her brother?" "Of course." "Very natural." Nick nodded an adieu to Fairman, and walked away in the direction of the railroad station. I followed him. As we went down the road, we saw Fairman going the other way, probably toward Heywood's. There was nobody to watch Mrs. Bennett, unless the men who loitered about the stable yard could see her through the windows. Nick sent his telegrams, and we spent the forenoon waiting around the station for replies. None had come at twelve o'clock. We decided to go to Farmer Marvin's for dinner, crossed the railroad tracks, and struck into the road, when sud- denly Nick went down upon his knees, and closely examined the ground. I had no doubt that he had recog- nized a footprint, but none was visible to me. Nick was surely on the trail. He followed it back to the railroad, then up the path, beside the tracks, until at last he stopped beside some freight cars that were stalled there. After several efforts he opened the door of one of them. As he did so, I noticed a faint mark of blood on the wood just under the door. The light that struck into the car shone full into the face of a frowzy tramp who sat on a sackful of mer- chandise, and stared stupidly at us. His hand rested upon the head of the most miserable dog that ever I saw. The animal was a mongrel of a thou- sand low breeds at once. It had suf- 