The Yellow Claw 11 "You examined her?" "I did. She was dead, but still warm. She exhibited signs of recent illness, and of being addicted to some drug habit; probably morphine. This, be- yond doubt, contributed to her death, but the direct cause was asphyxiation. She had been strangled!" "Heavens!" groaned Leroux, drop- ping his face into his hands. "You found marks on her throat?" "The marks were very slight. No great pressure was required in her weak condition." "You did not move the body?" "Certainly not; a more complete ex- amination must be made, of course. But I extracted a piece of torn paper from her clenched right hand." Inspector Dunbar lowered his tufted brows. "I'm not glad to know you did that," he said. "It should have been left." "It was done on the spur of the mo- ment, but without altering the position of the hand or arm. The paper lies upon the table, yonder." Inspector Dunbar took a long drink. Thus far he had made no attempt to examine the victim. Pulling out a bulging note case from the inside pocket of his blue serge coat, he un- screwed a fountain pen, carefully tested the nib upon his thumb nail, and made three or four brief entries. Then, stretching out one long arm, he laid the wallet and the pen beside his glass upon the top of a bookcase, without other- wise changing his position, and, glanc- ing aside at Exel, said: "Now, Mr. Exel, what help can you give us?" "I have little to add to Doctor Cum- berly's account," answered Exel off- handedly. "The whole thing seemed to me--" "What it seemed," interrupted Dun- bar, "does not interest Scotland Yard, Mr. Exel, and won't interest the jury." Leroux glanced up for a moment, then set his teeth hard, so that his jaw muscles stood out prominently under the pallid skin. "What do you want to know, then?" asked Exel. "I will be wanting to know," said Dunbar, "where you were coming from, to-night?" "From the House of Commons." "You came direct?" "I left Sir Brian Malpas at the cor- ner of Victoria Street at four minutes to twelve by Big Ben, and walked straight home, actually entering here, from the street, as the clock was chim- ing the last stroke of midnight." "Then you would have walked up the street from an easterly direction?" "Certainly." "Did you meet any one or anything?" "A taxicab, empty--for the hood was lowered--passed me as I turned the corner. There was no other vehicle in the street, and no person." "You don't know from which door the cab came?" "As I turned the corner," replied Exel, "I heard the man starting his en- gine, although when I actually saw the cab, it was in motion; but, judging by the sound to which I refer, the cab had been stationary, if not at the door of Palace Mansions, certainly at that of the next block--St. Andrew's Man- sions." "Did you hear, or see anything else?" "I saw nothing whatever. But just as I approached the street door, I heard a peculiar whistle, apparently proceed- ing from the gardens in the center of the square. I attached no importance to it at the time." "What kind of whistle?" "I have forgotten the actual notes, but the effect was very odd in some way." "In what way?" "An impression of this sort is not en- tirely reliable, inspector; but it struck me as Oriental." 