88 Detective Story Magazine self in an enormous laboratory. Great containers, filled with chemicals, lined the shelves and stood on tables; many curious-looking machines for making tests sat about; a brilliant flood of arti- ficial light made the room as bright as day. For a moment I paused, amazed at the strange scene in such an out-of- the-way place. Then, cautiously, si- lently, I began to cross the room. "Although this was very large, on account of the stands and tables hold- ing apparatus, with here and there a small revolving bookcase, I could see only a few feet in any direction. It looked like the accumulation of ages. Then I came on a cleared space, and what seemed to be a workbench, or operating table more likely, for a num- ber of surgical instruments lay scat- tered about. As I looked around me, my eyes suddenly encountered a sight that petrified me where I stood. "Still, even in the grip of that awful shock, I tried to calm myself, tried to reason that it was some wonderful work of art on which I looked. Some master, I argued, had wrought this marvel- ously lifelike appearance, so far beyond anything I would have imagined could be fashioned by the hand of man. "Held by a pedestal four or five feet high, supported by a slender neck of wonderful beauty and symmetry, which rose from a base of ivory, was a head. The face, delicately tinted, was perfect in contour; slightly oval, but with a pro- portionate distance between chin and brow. The lips were a scarlet bow, full, sensuous, appealing; the nose was perfect; long lashes, resting on the cheeks of delicate pink, hid eyes whose slumbrous depths could only be imag- ined. The hair, dark, soft, lustrous, abundant, arranged at the back of the head, with little tendrils falling over the ears, formed a fit setting for the radiant beauty of the face. It was the head of Vivian White! "Slowly, almost imperceptibly, the dark lashes lifted, disclosing eyes of limpid night, eyes from which a soul looked out, speaking to me in accents of comfort and peace as I groveled there on the floor. A smile, sweet, tender, solicitous, appealing, passed over the face and was gone; the eyes slowly closed, as if unable to resist the desire to sleep. "To some extent, the look, the mes- sage from those beautiful eyes, calmed me. Kneeling there, speechless, numb, my brain in a whirl, totally unable to comprehend what I saw, I yet began to realize, in a way, what had happened --the operating table, the surgical in- struments. "At a slight sound, I turned to find Hetzel at my elbow. He showed no surprise, and even greeted me with a smile. Smiling and bowing and rub- bing his hands together there before me, I recognized him for what he was, and into my half-crazed brain came the impulsive desire to kill. I know that I snarled like an angry dog, and, as I had dropped my knife, for lack of a better weapon, I caught up a heavy stone crock, which was on a table beside me, and, in another moment, would have knocked out his brains where he stood. With a gesture, however, he stopped me. " 'Hold on, young man,' he said, without showing the slightest trace of alarm, 'I have something to tell you. Sit down.' "Taking his seat on a stool, he mo- tioned me to a chair, the cool indiffer- ence of the man making it impossible for me to carry out my sanguinary pur- pose. Or there might have been a half- formed idea there was something for him to say--something he could say. Or he might have thrown some spell over me. At any rate, I sat down, and, after a slight pause, he began: " 'You have just made a discovery that fills you with horror--the more so, because you cannot comprehend its sig- 