A Rustic Rival by Sergeant Ryan NICK CARTER had just con- cluded a most exciting adven- ture in a manner highly satis- factory to himself. It had been a contest of skill against pluck, and suc- cess had never been sure until the very last moment. By a thousand artful turns and twists of his adversary, had the great detec- tive been forced to do his level best. But he had conquered, and the victim of his prowess lay on the grass, at his feet. I had come up in time to witness the conclusion of the struggle. The scene was a "deep hole" in the prettiest trout stream in Monroe County, Pennsyl- vania. The time was five o'clock of a May morning. Nick held up the sparkling prey for my admiration. Then suddenly he dropped the brook trout, and faced about, looking across the pool. I followed the direction of his glance, but saw nothing worthy of special at- tention, nor could I hear any sound but those that told of nature waking in the forest. "That fellow is in a great hurry, said Nick. "What fellow?" I asked. "That's a question I can't answer," rejoined Nick, with a smile. "But I can make out that he's a tall man, familiar with the woods, has been running a long way, and will hit the stream about opposite us if he keeps on as he's go- ing." Half a minute later I was able to dis- tinguish the faint sound of crackling twigs; but it seemed incredible that even Nick's ear could catch the separate footfalls, showing the length of the stride, and the labored breathing of the runner. That he was a woodsman was evident to me as to Nick, from the lightness of his tread among the under- brush and from the rapidity of his advance. Presently he appeared upon the other side of the pool. He was a tall young man, seemingly a native of those parts, but certainly not a farmer. He had a rather handsome and remarkably intel- ligent countenance; and, despite his brown skin and rough attire, there was a hint of the scholar about him. It was evident from his expression, as he looked across at us, that he had come to seek us, but he seemed in no hurry to announce his errand. I noted that he paid little attention to me, but stared at Nick point-blank. "Good morning, Mr. Carter," he said, at last. I was considerably surprised by this recognition, though my friend was known as Mr. Carter to Farmer Mar- vin, at whose house we had spent the previous night, and to a few others thereabouts. "I sized you up from descriptions that I got from one or two people," con- tinued the young man. "There's only one Carter from New York who can shoulder Marvin's flatboat as if she was a birch canoe, and walk off with her." 