122 Detective Story Magazine count of the profit to be made after three years, from an investment of five hundred pounds in potatoes! "Let 'em wait, Pierre," he said awk- wardly, "and talk to me. Burns is not himself with worry about you, and you can put everything straight in a minute by saying how you got the facts for your story." Pasquale looked like a hurt child wrongfully accused, but, touched by the expression on his friend's face, an- swered slowly: ''Out of my head, same as I told Arthur." "But the combination lock Moorkins invented, and put together himself?" "Out of my head, and a devil of a lot of bother it gave me, six months ago!" "Six months ago!" Sheldon ex- claimed. "That was when Moorkins was inventing his lock!" "Can't help that." Pasquale was be- coming irritable. "If you want to know anything else, get my old trunk out of the warehouse, and you'll probably find the diagrams somewhere, with the story as I first wrote it, before the whole thing came like a dream. I'm fond of you, Billy, but you and Burns are get- ting tiresome. Fish out that trunk, and leave me alone." More to gain time, than with any hope of solving the riddle, Sheldon hur- ried off to the warehouse, Pasquale's authority to get the trunk, in his pocket. A little later he was back, rummaging the trunk for the first proofs of the burglar story. At the bottom, he came across a roll of manuscript and drew it out. "What's this, Pierre?" he called, glancing over the papers. "Never seen it in print. Turned down?" Pasquale looked up from his figures for a moment. "Oh, that. No . . . never in print. Rotten piece of luck, that; made me so disgusted, I nearly chucked writing. Read it--it's good- enough stuff." Sheldon opened the packet, and be- gan to read. Suddenly he cried: "It's fine, Pierre, but it's the story of the Fairfields and poor old Ceril Thornby, the artist." "It is," Pasquale laughed. "That's just what I said, too, when I sat in the publisher's office with my manuscript under my arm, and read the whole thing in the morning paper!" "You're not trying to tell me--" "I'm not trying to tell you anything, except that that story gave me the blow of my life. I thought it rather good, for me; then some live fools acted the whole thing before I had time to get my stuff into print--and, as put down in journalistic eloquence, it was a rotten story, too! That's what I am trying to tell you, though not for a moment thinking I can explain it to you." Sheldon sat like a frightened child and stared at his friend. "Don't tell me it's suggestion, Pierre, for although I once wrote an article on that for the Scum, it's rot, and I don't believe in it." "Suggestion!" Pasquale shouted. "Then you're responsible for my lock combination, you villain! That article of yours stuck in my head, and finally I found that the combination I was working out opened my once-thought- unique safe by that one word; spelled differently from the way it ought to be, however." Sheldon still stared open-mouthed at his friend; then, without a word, col- lected the scattered manuscript, and rushed from the house to Burns. "Here, read this, Burns!" he cried. "He wrote it before the Fairfields case came out in the papers!" Unable to grasp what Sheldon meant, Burns took the manuscript and read. "Aye, it's uncanny, man," he said at last, relapsing into his native tongue. "The lad is clean daft, or under some evil control. I dinna like the sound of yon article--it reads like he kens too 