68 Detective Story Magazine treachery. Even if they got him, he'd get the Black Star first! Now he was beside the door. The crack at the side, through which the light came, was wide enough to give a man a glance at the room's interior. Muggs put an eye to the crack. He recognized the room instantly-- for it was the headquarters room. He saw Detective Riley, bound and gagged, stretched on the couch in the corner, tossing from side to side. The lamp without a chimney was smoking on the table, casting its uncertain light. But it gave light enough for Muggs to see around the room. And, as he looked, he gasped in astonishment. Outside, by the gate, Roger Verbeck was raging at the chief and the mayor. Once more a searchlight bathed the doorway in brilliance. The volleys of shots continued, and answering shots came from the factory. Throngs of people were behind the police ropes two blocks away. Rumors were flying again --twenty policemen had been killed, the criminals were breaking out; the police were going to take the place by assault! The chief was holding a conference with some of his captains, and plans for the assault were made. The search- lights would go out for an instant when a whistle was blown. A score of officers would rush for the doors, while the others volleyed bullets at the build- ing's windows. The halls would be seized, and the Black Star's men driven from room to room until they surren- dered or gave intimation that they would die fighting. Verbeck, automatic in hand, braced himself for the race across to the door. He intended to be one of the first inside the building. The chief could not hold him back when the police rushed. The orders were passed around; the searchlight operators were warned. There came another lull in the fighting, and the chief started to raise his whistle to his lips to give the signal. But a cry from one of the captains stopped him. "Look! Look in the door!" A stick had appeared there--a stick to the end of which was attached a white handkerchief--a flag of truce. Orders to cease firing sped down the lines of police. The white handker- chief was waved frantically. Gradu- ally the firing died out; not a shot came from the factory. The man in the doorway evidently wanted to be sure his appearance would not be greeted with a volley. He con- tinued to wave the handkerchief from the end of the stick, not even his hand showing. "Well?" the chief bellowed. "What do you want ?" Another moment's wait, and then-- Detective Riley appeared in the open door! As the cheers of the police greeted his appearance, Muggs suddenly stood beside him. "It's all right, boss!" he called to Ver- beck. "Come on in!" CHAPTER XI. ON THE BLACKBOARD. RILEY and Muggs blocked the door- way. "Better keep every one out except a choice few," Riley said to the chief, in a low voice. "You come, and Mr. Ver- beck--possibly one of the captains-- that'll be enough." Something in the tone of his voice caused the chief to look at him with quick suspicion, and caused Roger Ver- beck to glance with apprehension at Muggs. But neither Riley nor Muggs gave them a sign as to what they were to expect. The chief, however, took the hint. He selected one captain to go along, and ordered another to guard the door- way and keep every one out of the 