Black Star's Subterfuge 65 shrieks as a man undergoing torture might make. "If--if that's Riley--" Muggs said. He whirled suddenly upon Ver- beck. "Let me go, boss!" he implored. "If I can get in all right, I'll take a chance afterward. If that's Riley-" "No, Muggs!" "Aw, boss! Just turn off the search- light from that door. It won't take me a second to run across. I'll--I'll take a chance! I might do something where a gang of police couldn't. I--I might be able to pick 'em off!" "Perhaps that would be a good idea," the mayor said. Verbeck whirled upon the city's ex- ecutive, and the mayor involuntarily took a step backward. He realized he had said the wrong thing, and he didn't care to antagonize Roger Ver- beck, for Verbeck had political in- fluence. "Muggs' life is worth as much as that of any man!" Verbeck said. "He's not getting paid to do such a thing, and your police are. I refused to say I thought the police ought to go in. You might do as much for my friend." "I--I didnt' think!" the mayor stam- mered. The shooting was continuous now. Despite the glare of the searchlights on the windows, shots came from the fac- tory. Verbeck found himself wonder- ing why they did not shoot at the searchlights. Perhaps they had, and had proved poor marksmen, he thought. Certainly they were not hitting many policemen, for none had been wounded except the two early in the fray. Yet the police, of course, fought from the shadows. More officers struggled through the crowd and reached the firing line. Word reached the chief from the cen- tral station that all men had been sent to him except a dozen or so who re- mained there and at the precinct sta- tions to receive telephone messages and issue alarms in case of an emergency. The cordon around the factory was as strong as the chief could make it with- out swearing in special officers. And he had enough men--it would be im- possible for any of the Black Star's band to escape. It was unusual, this stripping the city of defenders by gathering them all at one spot, but both the chief and the mayor felt the situation justified it. For months the Black Star and his men had terrorized the city. Every attempt to capture them had failed. Banks had been raided, jewels stolen. Citizens were demanding protection. And now that he had the Black Star in his head- quarters, it was policy to make it im- possible for him to escape. "Boss," Muggs implored. "It'd be a cinch! And Riley's in there!" "If you go, Muggs, I go with you." "No, boss. Just let me take the chance. I ain't worth much, anyway, boss. I've had my fling. And you-- you're goin' to get married--and all that. You stay here, boss, and let me go. Just have 'em turn off that search- light a minute--" "No, Muggs!" "But old Riley--" "I know, Muggs. But we must wait." "I've always done as you wanted me to, boss. Can't I have my own way this once. Let me go." "No!" Verbeck answered again. "It would be foolish, Muggs. You'd only get into trouble yourself--and you'd not be able to help Riley, perhaps." "I--I could try." Another fusillade of shots. More shrieks from the factory. It seemed to Muggs that those shrieks sounded like Riley. In the past ten days he had learned to think a great deal of Riley. And he hated the Black Star. To think of the Black Star torturing Riley, kill- ing him-- A cry from the mayor caused the 5A DS 