The Yellow Claw 27 trouble of looking out Brian's license, and give us his private address?" re- plied Dunbar. "Course I can. 'E lives hat num'er 36 Forth Street, Brixton, and 'e's out o' the big Brixton depot." "Oh!" said Dunbar dryly. "Does he owe you anything?" "Wotcher say, guvnor ?" "I say, it's very good of you to take all this trouble and whatever it has cost you in time, we shall be pleased to put right." Mr. Hamper spat in his right palm, and rubbed his hands together appre- ciatively. "Make it five bob!" he said. "Wait downstairs," directed Dunbar, pressing a bell push beside the door. "I'll get it put through for you." "Righto!" rumbled the cabman, and went lurching from the room as a con- stable in uniform appeared at the door. "Good mornin', guvnor. Good morn- in'!" The cabman having departed, leaving in his wake a fragrant odor of four- penny ale: "Here you are, Sowerby!" cried Dunbar. "We are moving at last! This is the address of the late Mrs. Vernon's maid. See her; feel your ground care- fully, of course; get to know what clothes Mrs. Vernon took with her on her periodical visits to Scotland." "What clothes?" "That's the idea; it is important. I don't think the girl was in her mistress' confidence, but I leave it to you to find out. If circumstances point to my sur- mise being inaccurate--you know how to act." "Just let me glance over your notes, bearing on the matter," said Sowerby, "and I'll be off." Dunbar handed him the bulging note- book, and Sergeant Sowerby lowered his inadequate eyebrows thoughtfully, while he scanned the evidence of Mr. Debnam. Then, returning the book to his superior, and adjusting the peculiar bowler firmly upon his head, he set out. Dunbar glanced through some papers --apparently reports--which lay upon the table, penciled comments upon two of them, and then, consulting his note- book once more in order to refresh his memory, started off for Forth Street, Brixton. Forth Street, Brixton, is a depressing thoroughfare. It contains small, cheap flats, and a number of frowzy-looking houses which give one the impression of having run to seed. A hostelry of sad aspect occupies a commanding position midway along the street, but inspires the traveler not with cheer, but with lugubrious reflections upon the horrors of inebriety. The odors, unpleasantly mingled, of fried bacon and paraffin oil, are wafted to the wayfarer from the porches of these family residences. No. 36 proved to be such a villa, and Inspector Dunbar contemplated it from a distance thoughtfully. As he stood by the door of the public house, gazing across the street, a tired-looking woman, lean and anxious-eyed, a poor, dried-up bean pod of a woman, ap- peared from the door of No. 36, car- rying a basket. She walked along in the direction of the neighboring high- road, and Dunbar casually followed her. For some ten minutes he studied her activities, noting that she went from shop to shop until her basket was laden with provisions of all sorts. When she entered a wine-and-spirit merchant's, the detective entered close behind her, for the place was also a post office. While he purchased a penny stamp and fumbled in his pocket for an imaginary letter, he observed, with interest, that the woman had purchased, and was loading into the hospitable basket, a bot- tle of whisky, a bottle of rum, and a bottle of gin. He left the shop ahead of her, sure, now, of his ground, always provided that the woman proved to be Mrs. 