24 Detective Story Magazine ploy the term, a particular friend?-- Mr. Vernon was horrified--horrified beyond measure, to perceive, in a large and well-appointed car--a limousine-- his wife!" "The inside lights of the car were on, then?" "No; but the light from a street lamp shone directly into the car. A tem- porary block in the traffic compelled the driver of the car, whom my client de- scribed to me as an Asiatic--to pull up for a moment. There, within a few yards of her husband, Mrs. Vernon re- clined in the car--or, rather, in the arms of a male companion!" "What!" "Positively!" Mr. Debnam was se- dately enjoying himself. "Positively, my dear inspector, in the arms of a man of extremely dark complexion. Mr. Vernon was unable to perceive more than this, for the man had his back to- ward him. But the light shone fully upon the face of Mrs. Vernon, who ap- peared pale and exhausted. She wore a conspicuous motor coat of civet fur, and it was this which first attracted Mr. Vernon's attention. The blow was a very severe one to a man in my client's state of health; and although I cannot claim that his own conscience was clear, this open violation of the marriage vows outraged the husband --outraged him. In fact, he was so perturbed, that he stood there shaking, quivering, unable to speak or act, and the car drove away before he had re- covered sufficient presence of mind to note the number." "In which direction did the car pro- ceed?" "Toward Victoria Station." "Any other particulars?'' "Not regarding the car, its driver, or its occupants; but early on the follow- ing morning, Mr. Vernon, very much shaken, called upon me and instructed me to dispatch an agent to Perth im- mediately. My agent's report reached me at practically the same time as the news of my client's death." "And his report was?" "His report, inspector, telegraphic, of course, was this: that no sister of Mrs. Vernon resided at the address; that the place was a cottage occupied by a cer- tain Mrs. Fry and her husband; that the husband was of no occupation, and had no visible means of support"--he ticked off the points on the long fore- finger--"that the Frys lived better than any of their neighbors; and--most im- portant of all--that Mrs. Fry's maiden name, which my agent discovered by recourse to the parish register of mar- riages--was Ann Fairchild." "What of that?" "Ann Fairchild was a former maid of Mrs. Vernon!" "In short, it amounts to this, then: Mrs. Vernon, during these various ab- sences, never went to Scotland at all? It was a conspiracy?" "Exactly--exactly, inspector! I wired, instructing my agent to extort, from the woman Fry, the address to which she forwarded letters received by her for Mrs. Vernon. The lady's death, news of which will now have reached him, will no doubt be a lever, enabling my representative to obtain the desired information." "When do you expect to hear from him?" "At any moment. Failing a full con- fession by the Frys, you will, of course, know how to act, inspector?" "Damme!" cried Dunbar. "Can your man be relied upon to watch them? They mustn't slip away! Shall I in- struct Perth to arrest the couple?" "I wired my agent this morning, in- spector, to communicate with the local police respecting the Frys." Inspector Dunbar tapped his small, widely separated teeth with the end of his fountain pen. "I have had one priceless witness slip 