32 Detective Story Magazine --good afternoon! Remember my ad- vice--don't, for any excuse, sell that lot!" With a final and incoherent plea, the school-teacher made a faltering exit, and somebody closed the door which led into the private office. As Cobb turned to his letters, he blurted out an- grily: "Hang it all, why can't I get clerks who will do a real chuck-out? Push- ins take more time than the snaring of ten suckers. Somewhere I must dig up a cast-iron toe swinger." Cobb's was a sudden success. He was yet a young man, not married, nor indeed likely to marry. For him mar- riage offered nothing in exchange for the pretended devotion to a plurality of women except the expected devotion to only one. He had a not-absorbing in- terest in fancy womankind of the bur- lesque variety; beyond that he believed a man was a fool to go. Like most American business men, Cobb could look back to a time, and that quite recently, when he knew what it was to think several times before he spent a half dollar. He had lifted him- self into his smeary niche by his sole efforts. Aside from a taste in lavishness in apparel, and such other tastes as go with a liking of the fancy variety of women, a rough sketch of the fellow has been daubed. It should be added, however, that the inspiration for this brief sketch was supremely selfish. Let us call Cobb a kind of human jackal. For years he had prowled successfully in scenting out carcasses too unsavory for other jackals, and he never hesi- tated to make a full meal when he could find it. Only carcasses is hardly the correct word. He had been preying on living things, but like the carcasses, in the respect that they were unable to fight away the prowler, and, like the carcasses, in that the eating was too rank for many who would have said of themselves that they were not squeamish concerning their food. At three-thirty, behind his mahogany desk, Cobb got a surprise, a big sur- prise, and one which almost any man, jackal or not, would find most unpleas- ant. Most of us who are blessed enough to have fathers would be glad to have them turn up, even if not ex- pected. Not so Cobb. We cannot blame him. For the successful--ex- cuse the word--bogland seller felt that he was deeply disgraced by his parental forbear. He should not have felt that way. Certainly the jackal should not feel disgraced if a man-eating tiger happened to be his parent, if that thing were possible. "Hard-jaw Cobb," as his pals called him, was a kind of man- eating tiger. Incidentally, the man- tiger had quite recently served out a sentence in the place where all jackals ought to find themselves. And this father, whom the son had not even written to in some ten years, and whom the son would have walked around the blocks of a whole city so as not to meet face to face, had actually sent into the private office a slip of paper with his name written upon it, and was said, by the boy who brought in the slip, to be waiting outside for an interview. Jenifer hated his father, but he hated him not because of any record of fin- ger prints which police headquarters might hold, but because he feared him. It was nothing to Jenifer that for the years of his boyhood the father had braved all the dangers of his dread profession to obtain the means to sup- port his boy in comfort. Just as it was nothing to Jenifer that the father had provided for his son's education, leav- ing the boy with a woman, said to be a cousin, and seeing him on rare occa- sions only. From the moment that Jenifer knew of the man-eatings, he continued, it is true, to accept support and education, but from that moment the fear had seized him that the elder 