Black Star's Subterfuge 63 ing a delayed rush, ready to close in and balk an attempt at escape. An instant of comparative silence-- and in that instant a voice--deep, strik- ing, staccato--that seemed to come from the interior of the factory, but could be heard plainly. "No quarter!" it cried. "We're cor- nered! Die game! Get as many as you can! They'll never get me alive!" A confused murmur came as if in answer. "Good!" the voice cried. "That's the boys! Make every shot count! after them!" Another fusillade of shots from the windows, and answering volleys from the police! Verbeck bent close to the chief so that the latter could hear him above the din. "That was the Black Star!" he said. "You were right--he'll die with his boots on! And he'll get as many of us as he can before he dies!" CHAPTER IX. MUGGS GOES TO TRY. THE rattling of pistol shots con- tinued. From every direction po- lice officers hurried toward the block and reported either to the chief or one of the captains. Lines were stretched two blocks away on every side, and be- hind the ropes gathered scores of auto- mobiles that had carried hundreds of morbidly curious persons to the scene of battle. Throughout the city had flashed the news that the Black Star and his band of criminals had been surrounded by the police in an abandoned factory building, and that a siege was in prog- ress. Rumors told of the death of Roger Verbeck in a duel with the mas- ter criminal, others that the Black Star had escaped, and only some of his men were surrounded, still others that a dozen policemen had been wounded, and some slain. Held in check by the ropes and the police guard, the throng, ever increas- ing, passed these rumors around and invented new ones on the spur of the moment. Police arriving from su- burban districts had to fight their way through the jam to get to the battle line. The sheriff, hearing of the siege, journeyed to the spot with his deputies to offer his aid to the police. A frantic mayor, unable to get into communica- tion with the head of his police de- partment, debated whether to visit the scene of conflict or wire the governor of the State for the use of militia. The first hysteria passed, as it always does. The throngs behind the ropes settled down to a steady wait, plying police officers for late information; the sheriff and his deputies mingled with the city's officers on the firing line; the mayor remembered that only a few criminals were in that building, and that it would be a reflection on his ad- ministration to ask the governor for help. The searchlights arrived and were connected. Floods of light bathed the factory building, but they did not stop the volleys of bullets. Officers poured leaden hail through those windows, un- til it looked as if no man could approach one near enough to fire out, yet from the factory's interior came answering shots. A perspiring chief crept close to Roger Verbeck again. "Please come with me, Mr. Verbeck --you and your man," he said. "The mayor wants to speak to you." Verbeck and Muggs, hugging the wall, and so keeping in the darkness, followed the chief to the gate and dashed through it. The mayor stood against the wall outside, half a dozen other officials with him. "We ask your advice, Mr. Verbeck," 