The Glebe 1 3 Decmber 1913 naat_1913-12_01 The Glebe 1 3 The Azure Adder Charles Demuth cre 1 THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE is 2 The Azure Adder 3 To R. E. L. 4 The Azure Adder Charles Demuth cre 5 THE AZURE ADDER 7-33 .x K . V.'' - .&amp; ' *.:■ .'-A •-••/• '-v . . .• N-_~ , ; ■- V. ' 1"V" 35 ndfll BF VOLUME INUMBER 3 DECEMBERI 9 1 3 SUBSCRIPTIONThree Dollars YearlyTH I S IS SU E 3 5 CEN T S Editor Associates Business ManagerAlfred Kreymborg Leonard D. Abbott Charles Boni, Jr.Albert BoniAlanson HartpenceAdolf Wolff 7TH(mi NEW YORKALBERT AND CHARLES BONI96 Fifth Avenue1913 Copyright, 1913By.The Glebe THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER THE AZURE ADDER The Azure Adder By Charles Demuth THE only editorial policy of THE GLEBE isthat embodied in its declaration of absolutefreedom of expression, which makes for a rangebroad enough to include every temperament fromthe most radical to the most conservative, the onlyrequisite being that the work should have unmistakable merit. Each issue will be devoted exclusively to one individual, thereby giving him an opportunity to present his work in sufficient bulk tomake it possible for the reader to obtain a muchmore comprehensive grasp of his personality than isafforded him in the restricted space allotted by theother magazines. Published monthly, or more frequently if possible, THE GLEBE will issue twelveto twenty books per year, chosen on their meritsalone, since the subscription list does away with theneed of catering* to the popular demand that confronts every publisher. Thus, THE GLEBE canpromise the best work of American and foreignauthors, known and unknown.The price of each issue of THE GLEBE will varywith the cost of publication, but the yearly subscription, including special numbers, is three dollars. The Azure Adder To R. E. L. The Azure Adder ByCharles Demuth THE AZURE ADDER SCENE. Studio of Vivian. Simplicity run riotis the keynote: white against white; white wallsand little furniture. The furniture is painted gray,Vivian's gray—really white.TIME. The ultra-present.(The curtain rises. For a minute or two thestage is empty. Then enter Vivian, through thedoor at the back of the stage, the only door in thescene. He wears the dress of the ancient Greeksand is evidently just coming from the bath, asshown by his damp hair. In one hand he carriesa few narcissi, while with the other he tries toarrange the folds of drapery, which seem to hinderhis movements. He arranges one or two flowersin a jar, before the "Nike de Samothrace," whis- pering: "Yes, narcissi, truly like Grecian things."He drops the rest of the flowers upon the floor,removes the robe and starts to comb his hair beforea small mirror. This mirror is set in the back ofa large framed photograph of the "Venus de Milo" that hangs near the door. Vivian turns the Venusphotograph to the wall and we see the small pieceof looking-glass. He finally rouges his lips as afinishing touch to his toilet. Putting on a coat butretaining the sandals, he moves towards the door;on the way he picks up a which he puts oncarefully. As he nears the door a knock is heardand the door is opened. Vivian takes on the lookof being in the higher heights of thought. Tzvogirls are discovered in the door-zvay. One, Yvonne,says: "Bon jour." The second, Alice: "Hello."Both enter. Vivian passes them in the door-zvaywithout speaking and softly closes the door.)VIVIAN {outside). I'm going out. {Andmore softly.) Wait, wait.{The girls remove their hats. Yvonne sinks onthe floor, in front of the couch.)YVONNE. Oh, I'm so tired. I painted for twohours yesterday.ALICE {sitting on the couch). How you work—and you would have painted again to-day, if Ihadn't stopped for you, no doubt.YVONNE. Well, I was thinking about it.ALICE. Ridiculous! Do you think that Beautycan be contemplated constantly? One either be- comes blind or mad—you painted for two hoursyesterday—ridiculous!YVONNE. I've seen nothing of yours of late.Don't you work; don't you paint, I mean?ALICE. I'm waiting, waiting. For days,months really, I have felt as though—how shall Iput it—as though the scales were about to fallfrom my eyes; at moments like these, as you know,when I really see the thing, I paint. Between times,I wait, I wait.YVONNE. Couldn't you work and wait, too?ALICE. NO, I must save all my energy forthese supreme moments, when I see Beauty in itsessence.YVONNE. Then you really work less than Ithought.ALICE (in an awed voice). Yvonne, how canyou! I work constantly. The air is my canvas,my nerves are the brushes. I work? God, how Ido work! To contemplate, to wait, to dream, isnot this work?YVONNE. I suppose so—but—ALICE. Oh, I know—you all think, exceptGeorge, that I do nothing. Well, rather that, if itwere true, than what one generally sees on canvas,every year, at the Academies. YVONNE. YOU think then that it is better notto paint at all and wait as you say—than to do aninferior thing?ALICE. Undoubtedly.YVONNE. This waiting—what effect will ithave—what will it do for you or for Art?ALICE. I wait. "To feel is better than toknow."YVONNE. If one really feels, perhaps, but towait and wait and wait, you know what the endwill be ?ALICE. I hope to become like Beauty, myself—a living creation, a work of art—even though Ido nothing ever in paint.YVONNE. Yes, that is the end—not really,however, because to change Life directly to Artmeans— (The sentence is not finished, a knockbeing heard at the door.)ALICE. Here's Maud; she said that she wouldmeet me here and bring George. ( goes andopens the door. Enter George zuith Maud, sisterof Alice.)GEORGE. Hello. I've just received a wire fromUncle Billy; he's coming to talk over the magazinewith us.ALICE. Will he back it? GEORGE ( looking at Maud). He will if I canbe with him and talk to him for a day or two, Ithink. (They exchange meaning glances.)YVONNE. A magazine—you're starting one?ALICE. Yes, I forgot to tell you about it.Something like the "Yellow Book." It will becovered in gray, though, printed on hand-madepaper with especially designed type—four numbersa year. Have you thought of a name, as yet, forour child, the magazine, George?GEORGE. Yes, it will be called the "AzureAdder." Gray and blue will be the colors of thecover. Blue the color of the Soul and gray thecoloring of the Eternal Background!MAUD. Wonderful—wonderful!GEORGE. It will be, I hope. ( then ad- dresses the three girlst who are now sitting on thecouch.) Intense, too, I want it to be. The firstlook at its covers must create a mood for what oneis to find indoors. The same as a perfect houseaffects one; the stones and vines of which, on theoutside, tell of the truffles which are to be served bythe mad butler at dinner, inside. (To himself: Imust remember that last; it's away above theirheads, of course—it's one of my best.) Blue andgray—the two unfinished colors, when arranged as my design, will call up the proper mood: a moodintense but languid, caring nothing for results. Ihope to make this, this caring nothing for results,the aim of our child, the "Azure Adder." To teachthe public, our public even, to be satisfied with theunfinished, the artistically unfinished; the thingwhich has no definite start or finish, but which isbeautiful, beautiful, beautiful even in the shadowof its bud; a bud which can never open because—because—a worm is its heart! ( changesher position on the couch.) The size, too, of thebook will help in creating the mood—seven bythirteen—and the paper on which it is printed, also,will help. A paper made in Japan, under water,which lasts only three years. It then falls apart,insuring our child only a future, no past, nor anypermanency, except perhaps in the minds of itsreaders, perhaps, perhaps. The "Azure Adder"will have double pages like the books of the Japa- nese, printed on one side, so that the mere readingof it will be made difficult for the uninitiated—people whom it is not meant for anyway. Thefirst number must strike the note—the ultra-futurenote—so I will give to our public my dance-poem,"The Candle and the Black Water Lily." A poemhave I told you, which I hope to have danced some- time. It must be danced by one person while a chorus of men and boys chant the words, in placeof music for the dancer. How it will appeal, simplyalone, in the book, I don't know, without itsproper atmosphere. It almost required a new lan- guage, I felt, when I wrote it. Still, it must be thefirst of our first number—ultra-modern and a newart—think, a new art! And the illustrations, whata chance you will be, "Azure Adder," for the artistillustrator! A sweep of a brush, a tone, a dot isenough for our purpose; when Beauty is sitting bythe side of the reader. Yes, I see a revolution inbook illustration, a glorious one, an upheaval, onenever-to-be-forgotten revolution, which, looked backupon from the far distant future, will have at itsbase, forgotten or remembered, who cares, the"Azure Adder"!MAUD and ALICE. Ah!(Yvonne rises, walks towards the large win- dow at the hack, a sky-light really, opens it andleans out during the following.)ALICE. If we can only get it started—we knowvery little about such work.MAUD. That makes no difference. We allpaint and all great art is one in its complete state.We can surely run a magazine. If only Uncle,George's Uncle Billy, will start it financially! GEORGE. Oh, he will, I'm sure. (Smiles.)ALICE. Whose stuff will we print in it besidesour own? If we could only get something fromsome of the great living ones! Bujt we can't hopefor more than one or two things from them, atmost, perhaps nothing, unless we prove a greatsuccess.GEORGE. You doubt our success? You lackegotism, my dear. I have already a poem, by oneof our greatest living English poets. It's writtenin Italian.MAUD. Of course it's beautiful.GEORGE. Of course, everything of his is.ALICE. Strange that he should send you apoem written in Italian. It's beautiful, you say—I didn't know that you read Italian?GEORGE. I don't—Palidino read it to me. Iasked him what it meant, what it was about. Hesaid that he did not understand its meaning—butthe sound of it, as he was reading it, was magnifi- cent. It is a masterpiece! Its meaning is clear tome—Palidino understands nothing which is reallyfine. The poem tells by its sound that the poetwrites of love, the love which is perfected bydeath.MAUD (toherself). "The Triumph of Death." ALICE (softly). George, you are wonderful; itis fine to feel as finely as you do—I mean it, reallyI do, George.GEORGE. YOU are beautiful. (Pause.)MAUD. Still, it seems that we ought to havemore people to write for us. I can think of onlya few, one or two, who do good stuff, really finethings—impressions.GEORGE. Oh, that will be all right. We haveenough material for our first number. The de- mand will create the material. We will get plentyof stuff sent in from unknowns, I think, for ourfuture numbers.MAUDE. If not, we can all write things for it.I know that we all do write on the quiet while pos- ing as painters! Don't you write, Yvonne?YVONNE (from window). No, I only paint.MAUD (with a sneer). But—oh, well—you doread Kipling and Whitman; that's the reason youdon't write, I suppose.(No answer from Yvonne.)ALICE (angrily). Maud!MAUDE. Yes, that is what I mean. Art is notthe glorification of the beef-steak! "Good redblood" is what you hear their admirers talking about principally. "Healthy" is another one of theirpet words, also "men and women." They are allmeat—they forget the swaying sea-weed, the waxenasphodel, the rose which is sick.GEORGE. Yes, you are right. If they had theirway, nothing would remain but the normal. Andas normal beings act usually in a commonplace andunchanging manner, birth, love, death, literature,would finally lose all material for existence andboth schools would either cease or write literatureabout literature. A fine end this would be for theirgood, red blood. No fear, though; there are alwaysplenty on the other side, like us, to make the scalesbalance, perhaps even tip our way. Meat, theglorified beef-steak, as you call it, Maud, has hadits day. It has made a good fight throughout thecenturies, but it is going, going—and to us—whomit called abnormal, sick, degenerate, will soon re- main the field—yes, through what it called ourweakness we shall conquer!(Maud leans forward. Alice looks hurt. Maudis about to speak when a knock is heard at the door.)MAUD. I'll go. (Goes and opens the door.)Camele! (She embraces and kisses Camele in thedoor-way.) Camele!( They come down to Alice and George. Ca- mele is carrying canvases, painting materials, a ki- rn ona and a suit case.)ALICE and GEORGE. Hello!GEORGE. Let me take some of your things.(Takes her suit case.) Lord, how heavy!CAMELE (sinking upon the couch.) Heavy—Ihave everything in it that I own. I couldn't standit any longer—last night it reached a climax—it'sall over, my married life—all over, girls! I've leftJack! Last night he struck me! (Sobs.)MAUD (to George). The glorified beef-steakvariety—how common!GEORGE. Common, perhaps. (To himself:One can strike a woman for lots of reasons.)(Yvonne comes from the windozv.)ALICE. Poor Camele—lie down. Let me takeoff your hat.YVONNE. What can we give her? Let usmake some tea.MAUD. Yes, do. You and Alice make tea.I'll sit with her a while.(George, Alice and Yvonne busy themselvesmaking tea at the extreme right, leaving Cameleand Maud at the extreme left, on the couch. Noone speaks for a moment.) MAUDE (sitting at Camele's head strokes herhair). Poor girl.CAMELE. Maud ?MAUD, Yes, dear.CAMELE. YOU were right; Jack is a brute.MAUD. All men are.CAMELE. SO you have often said, but I thoughtthat he was differentMAUD. Brutes, beasts.CAMELE. But we were so happy at first-—thefirst months—MAUD. Really happy ?CAMELE. Yes, I was happy. I painted andJack was with me between times—yes, I was happyand calm.MAUD. YOU only thought so; I knew that itcouldn't last. I know you too well.CAMELE. Yes, you were right, I suppose.MAUD. And what now?CAMELE. I don't know—I broke with the fam- ily when I married him, as you know-—now, I don'tknow.GEORGE (from the tea table, to Alice andYvonne). I'll go for some lemons. (He goesout.) MAUD. What a mistake to have married, Ca- mele!CAMELE. NO, it was not a mistake. I'm notsorry even now. (Sits up.)MAUD. Camele, Camele!CAMELE. Well, it's the truth, I'm not.MAUD. But what will you do—where will youlive?CAMELE. I don't know yet.MAUD (after a pause, in a pleading voice).Come with us for a while.CAMELE. Maud, all right—to-night—just to- night until I have time to think.MAUD. As long as you like—Alice is used tome protecting widows and children. (She puts herarm around Camele.)CAMELE. Just for a day or two; I'll hunt fora position to-morrow.MAUD. You had much better write to yourfamily. They'll forgive you when they know thatyou have left the brute. To think of him strikingyou! Where did he strike you?CAMELE. Strike me? What do you mean—where did he strike me?MAUD. Why, you said when you came in thatJack had struck you last night. CAMELE. HOW common of you, Maud—Ithought that you would understand. I didn't knowthat any of you took things literally—you didn'tused to, when I knew you before my marriage, andI knew you all very well.MAUD. Very well, indeed—so he didn't strikeyou?CAMELE. Yes, he did.MAUD. Eh ?CAMELE. Yes and no. You see, Jack hadbeen away for a week. I had been painting ratherhard and was very interested in an arrangement ofblacks I was trying to get. Subtle—blacks againstblacks. It was coming along well; I liked it inparts very much. It was finished almost, yester- day, before he came home. Then, last night, hereturned. I was tired, but decided to show him thecanvas, as he asked what I had been doing. Wewent up to the studio. "Stand there," I said, andturned the canvas toward the light. It really lookedgood: the tone was the best that I had ever hadin any of my canvases. He looked at it, and lathim. He seemed to understand, at last, my work,I thought. He had never done so before, which Irealized only after we were married, and whichcame to worry me more and more. "You do like it?" I asked. "Yes," he said—"it looks like a Sar- gent!"GEORGE {returns). Here are the lemons.MAUD. YOU did right—come with us! Tolive with him now would be impossible. Strikeyou—he did more—he tried to kill you—your soul.He wanted you to go—he knew what he was say- ing and how it would affect you. How you musthave suffered before the final crash of last nightcame!CAMELE. Yes, and no, again. I don't believethat I hate him half as much now as I did lastevening.MAUD. Camele, he has spoiled you completely.To hear you say that, after what has happenedbetween you, horrifies me.CAMELE. YOU were never married.MAUD. Meat! Meat!YVONNE. Come, have some tea. Come, Ca- mele.{Maude and Camele, arm in arm, move towardsthe tea table, while George, followed by Alice, comesand sits on the couch. The others sit around thetable.)GEORGE. Why do you insist on following me? Stay with the girls over there—hear the joys ofmarried life.ALICE. Joys—I am more interested in know- ing why you did not come to see me, as you prom- ised last night?IGEORGE. I didn't promise—l said "probably."ALICE. That's your word—but you usuallycome. Why not last night? You knew that Iwanted to see you very much.GEORGE. I had something to do. I couldn't getaway.ALICE. Then why not have telephoned to me.Maud had opera tickets given her—I missed "Tris- tan," waiting for you.GEORGE. At last we have the real cause ofyour bad humor, which is not on account of mynon-appearance but your missing "Tristan undIsolde."ALICE. YOU know, George, that that isn'ttrue.GEORGE. YOU started this argument—why cryif you are hurt?ALICE. Cry ?GEORGE. It's the same as crying—and tears,you know how I hate them. ALICE. Unless they be sprinkled on witheredrose leaves, yes!GEORGE. It's always the same thing; you con- stantly insult my taste and brain.ALICE. NO, not your real taste and brain—they are fine and great. I only insult the veneer.I try to show you yourself,—this part I will savefor you and sometime return to its owner intact.GEORGE. Save?—how can you save somethingwhich you have never had?ALICE. That is my affair.MAUD (from the tea table, her voice raised in anexciting discussion). Bernard Shaw—GEORGE {to himself). Bernard Shaw? (ToAlice.) Well, save yourself the trouble, I will neveraccept that from anyone—my real self. {Nervous- ly.) Alice, don't bother about me—I don't wantyou to, do you understand? 4ALICE {laughs). You dare to command me?Well, let us both play the same game. Tell me—why didn't you come to see me last night—whatdid you do ?GEORGE. I did nothing. I wished to be alone.Solitude and silence produce great art, I believe.ALICE. Not when one is our age!GEORGE. Alice, I don't understand you to-day. For some time I've been thinking that you werechanging; losing the fine sense of appreciationwhich you have always had for so many things inlife and in art. Now, I am sure of it.ALICE. Don't you understand? Well, as Isaid—solitude is for the aged.GEORGE. Solitude and silence, two wonderfulwords. What they call up in my mind! Solitudefor the physical and silence for the mind. It is inthese states that Art flourishes in its greatest form.Art is turning back to the works of the primitiveartists, early Italians principally. And it is herethat it should turn—it should turn back to Art andnot to Nature, which only holds it back. And wewho expect to figure in this new Renaissance mustlive as our masters, cloistered, alone, removed fromthe material, within ourselves—as Angelico or asFra Filippo Lippi. For from the cave of Silencecomes the flame of creation, and we who hope toreceive a spark of this flame must worship in soli- tude, as monks and as nuns.ALICE {smiling). But have I not heard some- thing about a rope ladder in connection with FraFilippo Lippi?GEORGE. Legends—inventions of the common mind which sometimes are chronicled by still com- moner ones—and thus accepted finally as facts.ALICE. Truths, I should say.GEORGE (jumping up). lam going out!CAMELE (in a boisterous voice). Schopen- hauer, I prefer De Mau— ( voice is lost asAlice's is heard speaking to George.)ALICE. Don't run away, George, I want totalk with you. I think that you are beginning tounderstand the change in me, the new Alice, let ussay—and I want to make sure of it.GEORGE (sitting down). No, I do not under- stand the new Alice.ALICE. YOU will not, would not be nearer thetruth, I think.GEORGE. NO, Ido not is exactly what I mean.ALICE. I will try again to show you then,George. ( She moves closer to him. George startsto move away from her but changes his mind evi- dently and sits still.)GEORGE. I'm ready for the revelation, Alice.Make it as long as you like. It will probably beour last real talk together.ALICE. Why ?GEORGE. Because—because we have nothing in common—this new Alice pose—l can't think ofit as anything else but as a pose has or will comebetween us and break up our friendship.ALICE. And in breaking up our friendship itwill produce something much finer.GEORGE. Finer? that is the finest thing in life—friendship.ALICE. It is the beginning only of the finestthing in life.GEORGE. Alice, you don't mean to say—Alice!-—Lord!—you're not making— (She blushes andturns away her eyes.)MAUD (from the tea table). They give "Par- sifal" next week. (George tries to become com- posed. )ALICE (speaking across the stage to the group).I know one of the "Flower Maidens." I getcomps.(Alice glances at George, who has failed tobecome composed.)ALICE (after a pause). George?GEORGE (weakly). Well?ALICE. DO you like my pose as you call it?GEORGE (looking at her). Is it a pose?ALICE (after they look intently at each other, drops her glance). Yes. (Meaning no!—and addsmore excitedly.) Yes, yes!—l was only acting tosee what you would do. (But she takes his hand.)GEORGE ( noticing it hut showing no objection).Alice, what is happening to us? Here we sit hand- in-hand! It's like bad vaudeville!ALICE {smiles). I don't know—what do youthink ?GEORGE. Don't ask me. I don't understand. Ican't think. I don't know. Perhaps we are aboutto have a new George!ALICE {in a suppressed tone). You under- stand !—a new George—you shall come to-night!GEORGE. Yes!ALICE {looking away but tightening her holdon George's hand). Mine.GEORGE. What did you say?ALICE. Oh nothing, nothing.GEORGE. Alice—to-night. Now, let us go overto the tea table. Maud is watching us.ALICE. DO you want to go?GEORGE {rising from the couch). No.{Alice rises also, and they both move towardsthe table, George follozving. He carries their cups.) MAUD. Well, have you been talking magazine—"Azure Adder"?GEORGE and ALICE. Yes.ALICE. We were arranging details. We willhave all the titles of stories and poems printed inred. Don't you think that that will be good?MAUD. Not red, blue I should say.GEORGE. Well, in some color, red or blue.MAUD. Blue is the better.YVONNE {rising). I must be going—is any- one coming my way?GEORGE. We all must be going, I suppose. Imust go to the station and meet Uncle Billy.{Yvonne crosses the stage; the door at the hackis opened suddenly and Jachusband of isseen.)CAMELE {starts up from the tea table and looksfrightened, saying in a whisper to George). Hidemy suit case.JACK {in the door-way). Oh, I beg your par- don—is Vivian in?ALICE. Hello, Jack—come in. Vivian is out.JACK. I wanted to see him. He wishes to rentthe studio for several months, I hear. ALICE. YOU can wait for him, we are justabout to leave.JACK (coming down stage, sees Camele at thetea table). Hello, Cam, what are you doing here?YVONNE ( from the window). What a sun-set!. Y-AY Y ' YY A Y /.Yffi ■. . V -Y.w : v Come and see. ( They all, except Camele and Jack,go to the window.)CAMELE. Maud asked me to lend her my ki- mona. She wants to do some Japanese dances—Ibrought it to her.JACK. I didn't know that you were friendlysince we were married, Cam. I was surprised whenI saw you.CAMELE. Don't call me Cam, Jack. Try tocall me Camele, here. And make the "a" long.JACK. Does it shock them? They make me—{seeing her canvases and paint box). What areyou doing with your canvases and paint box?CAMELE. I was painting in the park. The can- vases—the canvases—oh, I was taking them to beframed.JACK. All those?CAMELE. Yes, it will be cheaper having themall framed at one time—don't you think?JACK. I hope so. We are so hard up at present. CAMELE. Are we? Well, they can wait—thecanvases, I mean.JACK. I must have some clothes.CAMELE. Again?JACK. Again? Look at these.CAMELE (coming close to him). You look allright, I think. (She puts her hands on his shoul- ders. )JACK. Are you ready to go? I'll not wait forVivian.CAMELE. Kiss me, Jack.JACK. What for—what's the matter with you?You look tired and pale.CAMELE. Nothing—kiss me. (They kiss.Maud, looking back into the room, sees them. Sheturns quickly, picks up her hat, puts it on and hur- ries out.)CAMELE. Let us go.JACK. All right.CAMELE (putting on her hat). I'm going.(The others come from the window.)GEORGE. Yes?CAMELE. Yes! JACK. Here's your kimona.CAMELE. That is for Maud.ALICE. Where is she ?CAMELE. She went out—she'll be back, I guess.CAMELE and JACK (moving towards the door).Good-bye!ALL. Good-bye!YVONNE {following them). Good-bye.ALICE and GEORGE. Good-bye.GEORGE {after a nervous silence). I'll see youto-night, Alice; now I must go to meet Uncle Billy.ALICE. Then you can't see me to-night if he isin town. You will have to arrange about the"Azure Adder."GEORGE. The "Azure Adder"—my life's work—my magazine. How Ido wish to get it started!Think what it means! A perfect magazine given tothe world after years of darkness. A book perfectin printing, arrangement and in illustration—asbeautiful to look at as a masterpiece of painting orsculpture. What a standard it will create when itis published! It will stand alone—nothing but whatwill suffer when compared to it. It will be aboveother publications; above them as a golden star over a world of night and ignorance—all will be beneathit! And I who have conceived it will be lost in itssplendor. Like a bumble-bee is lost in a lily of sil- ver. Laboring, laboring on for it to the end,through old age, perhaps from beyond the grave.What a life—yes, "Azure Adder," I give to you mytime, my energy and my talents. {He grows moreand more excited and is now speaking to himself.)I will make of you an aesthetic standard, an artisticgauge and a religion! A new religion whose one andonly Goddess will be Beauty—Beauty veiled, aloneand sterile! And we who work for you will be itsfirst priests—the priests of a new religion! Youknow what that means? It always has meant, andwill mean in this case, I hope, martyrdom and per- haps death! Death for our gracious goddess—towhom I give my mind and my body! Yes, great andawful goddess, they are yours! {He stands, withhis arms outstretched, against the door at the hack.)Do as you will! {ln a loud ringing voice.) Theyare yours forever!!ALICE (smiling, walks up to him). Thank you.GEORGE {in the same voice). To you, greatgoddess, I give my mind and— ALICE ( facing him,puts her arms around hisneck). George!GEORGE ( relaxing. In a softer voice). Greatgodd—ALICE ( drawing him closer). Now, George!GEORGE (wilting. His arms slowly closingaround Alice. In a whisper). Great goddess— Curtain. .x K . V.'' - .&amp; ' *.:■ .'-A •-••/• '-v . . .• N-_~ , ; ■- V. ' 1"V"The January issue will pre- sent M Love of One's Neigh- bor," by Leonid Andreyev.