Bruno's Weekly 2 1 January 1st, MCMXVI naaq_1916-01-01_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 1 Ilonka Karasz Illustration 1 [Illegible] Pirate Bold. Illustration 3 [Illegible]etter and drawing by Howard Pyle, as it appeared in Mr. Madigan's late "Autograph." Illustration 3 Greenwich Village of Yore II. In the Times of the Early English Thomas A. Janvier cre 3-5 The Song of the Egg 6 Epilogue Tom Sleeper cre 7 Four Dollars and Ninety-five Cents Guido Bruno cre 7-8 Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village, a la Town Topics 9-10 In Our Village 10-12 Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-15 Ilonka Karasz Vanitas Vanitatum Vanitas! Illustration 15 To Clara Tice W. T. R cre 15 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents January Ist, 1916 READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS 52 Issues Two Dollarsv. ' V.• • \ r r , . / - .• • .** S 1 , * &gt; % * -• • 1 * . . - ' , *r&lt;%■ J*&lt; «• " *&gt;   •. .*..#• % t . , # , p . - \• l-» ~ • ' *• .. m. T - . » ... , '-J- ». • ' , I , » BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 1 JANUARY Ist, MCMXVI Vol. 11. Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Ilonka Karasz [Illegible] Pirate Bold. [Illegible]etter and drawing by Howard Pyle, as it appeared in Mr.Madigan's late "Autograph." Greenwich Village of Yore II. In the Times of the Early English Thomas A. Janvier KNOW not how long a time may have elapsed between theconquest of this island by the English and the discoveryby the Dutch living retired at the Bossen Bouerie that, a sea- •change having over-swept their destinies, they had passed fromthe domination of the States General to the domination of theBritish King.It is said that when the engineers of the West Shore Railroad,provided with guide's and interpreters, penetrated into the valleyof the Hackensack, a dozen years or so ago, they created agreat commotion among the honest Dutch folk dwelling inthose sequestered parts by taking in the news that somethingmore than eighty years previously the American Republic hadbeen proclaimed. Some few of the! more wide-awake of theseretired country folk had got hold, it was found, of a rumorto the effect that the New Netherland, having been traded awayfor Surinam by the provisions of the Treaty of Breda, hadbecome a dependency of the British crown; but the rumor neverhad been traced to an authoritative source, and was regardedby the older and more conservative of the inhabitants of Tenaflyand Schraalenburg and Kinderkamack, and the towns theretoadjacent, as mere idle talk. Naturally, the much more impos- sible story told by the engineers involved so violent a strainupon human credulity that the tellers of it were lucky in gettingsafely away, across the hills by Rockland Lake to the HudsonValley, with unbroken theodolites and whole hides. The matter,I may add, is reported to have remained in uncertainty untilthe running of milk trains brought this region into communica- tion with the outside world.The case of the people dwelling at Sapokanican was different.This hamlet being less remote, and far less inaccessible, thanthe? towns in the Hackensack Valley, being, indeed, but a triflemore than two miles northward of the Dutch stronghold, thereis reason for believing that the news of the surrender of FortAmsterdam to the English, on the Bth of September, 1664, pene- trated thither within a comparatively short period after thegloomy event occurred. Indeed—while there is no speakingwith absolute precision in this matter—I can assert confidentlythat within but a trifle more than half a century after the changeof rulers had taken place the inhabitants of this settlement wereacquainted with what had occurred: as is proved by an existingland conveyance, dated 1721, in which the use of the! phrase"the Bossen Bouerie, alias Greenwich," shows not only that theadvent of the English was known there, but that already thenew-comers had so wedged themselves into prominence as tobegin their mischievous obliteration of the good old Dutchnames.For a long while I cherished the belief that the name ofGreenwich had been given to the Bossen Bouerie by a gallantsailor who for a time made that region his home: CaptainPeter Warren of the Royal Navy—who died Sir Peter Warren,K. 8., and a Vice-Admiral of the Red Squadron, and whosefinal honor was a tomb in the Abbey in the company of otherheroes and of various kings. Applied by a British sailor to hishome ashore, there was an absolute fitness in the name; and ithad precisely a parallel in the bestowal of the name of Chelseaupon the adjoining estate by a soldier, Colonel Clarke. But a considerate survey of the facts has compelled me, thoughvery reluctantly, to abandon this pleasingly poetical hypothesis.I am inclined to believe that the name Greenwich was in useas early as the year 1711, at which time Peter Warren was abog-trotting Irish lad of only eight years old; and it certainlywas in use, as is proved by the land conveyance cited above, asearly as the ye!ar 1721, at which time my gentleman was but asea-lieutenant, and had not (so far as I can discover) laid eyeson America at all.Admiral Sir Peter Warren was a dashing personage in hisday and generation, but his glory was won in what now arewellnigh forgotten wars. Irish by birth, and with as fine anatural disposition for fighting as ever an Irishman was blessedwith, he worked his way up in the service with so handsomea rapidity that he was gazetted a post-captain, and to the com- mand of his Majesty's ship Grafton, when he was only twenty- four years old—and his very first service after being posted wasin the fleet with which Sir Charles Wager knocked the Rockof Gibraltar loose from the rest of the Spanish possessions, andthereafter, with more rigor than righteousness, annexed it tothe dominions of the British Crown.This was in the year 1727. In the year 1728 Captain Warrenwas on the American station in the Solebay, frigate; probablywas here again in 1737; and certainly was here from about1741 until 1746 in the Squirrel, sloop, the Launceston, frigateand the 60-gun ship Superbe. In the spring of 1744 Sir ChalonerOgle left him for a while commodore of a squadron of sixteensail on the Leeward Island station—where his luck so well stoodby him that off Martinique, in but little more than four months(February 12—June 24) he captured no less than twenty-fourprizes: one of which was a register ship whereof the lading ofplate was valued at £.250,000!Most of these prizes were sent into New York to be con- demned; and "Messieurs Stephen Le Lancey &amp; Company" (asappears from an advertisement in The Weekly Post Boy forJune 30, 1744) acted as the agents of Captain Warren in the saleof his French and Spanish swag. Naturally, the good bargainsto our merchants which came of his dashing performances madehim vastly popular here. After his brilliant cruise he returnedto New York that the Launceston might "go upon the careen ;"and when he had refitted and was about to get to sea againthe Post Boy (August 27) gave him this fine send-off: "HisMajesty's ship Launceston, commanded by the brave CommodoreWarren (whose absence old Oceanus seems to lament), beingnow sufficiently repaired, will sail in a few days in order oncemore to pay some of his Majesty's enemies a Visit."The sails are spread; see the bold warrior comesTo chase the French and interloping Dons!"I have revived for a moment the personality of this gallantgentleman because the village of Greenwich, while not namedby him, had its rise on one of the estates which he purchasedwith his winnings at sea. The Song of the Egg ONCE knew a manA very manly man,A man with a future,It was said.While still at his education,He evolved a fascination—A peculiar fascinationFor the study and the raisingThe exploiting and the praising,By a great combination—A colossal combinationOf the chicken and the egg.And all that he would shoutWas egg, egg, egg!Will you have 'em fresh or stale,By the gross or by the pail?We guarantee 'em just as statedLaid the very day they're dated.And with ardor unabated,He continues yelling egg!He sold 'em scrambled, boiled or baked,Square or round, flat, spun or flakedCanned or bottled, charged or still,Powdered, loose or as a pillSold the yoke and sold the whiteUnrelenting day or night.Anyway at all he sold 'em,Dry and flat so you could fold 'em,Deckel edged or mixed with hamBacon, Barle due or jam;Shaped 'em up to look like fishefs,Colored 'efrn to match your dishes,Anyway to suit your wishes.Well, this giant combination,This colossal combinationSlowly forced this healthy nationTo a state of desolationTo a grotesque malformationTill at length up rose the masses,The down-trodden, hungry massefsAnd with curses dullen deep,Slowly and at night they creepTo his house and find him snippingSnipping, snipping, deftly snipping couponsWith a big hay chopper,And they thought it quite improperSo they up and killed this magnate,Killed and left him there to stagnate,Pity now this poor man's fate! Epilogue Tom Sleeper QN the stone above his graveIs neatly carved by some bright knave,He the world this motto gave:"Every man his egg." Four Dollars and Ninety-five Cents By Guido Bruno IT was on the night of the big snow storm. I stood at theticket office of the elevated station. I was freezing miser- ably. Between the torn sole of my right shoe and my foot Ihad forced the cover of a tin can for protection from the icypavements of the street.I wanted to purchase a ticket for my nickel. I. had to waitat the gate. A woman in front of me had pushed a five dollarbill through the wicket. She waited for her change. Shereceived four bills and ninety-five cents in small change.Without recounting, she slipped the money into her black plushhandbag.I was traveling to the room of a friend of mine—one ofthe few I knew in the big city. I had promised to repay him adollar that day.I wasn't able to meet my obligation, but I hoped to borrowtwenty-five cents more to secure a bed for the night."Would I find him at home? What if he should haremoved, since I last visited him or what if he should havenothing himself?"The lady of the five dollar bill sat opposite me. The plushhand-bag hung from her wrist by its gold chain. In it was themoney I had seen passed through the wicket in change forher bill."Supposing I had the money!" I thought to myself. "Whatif she should drop the purse upon the seat by some chanceand leave the train? No one would notice it and she wouldforget the bag. I would then move hurriedly to her seat, getit and leave the train instantly. No one would know! Iwould throw the bag away and have the money."All that money!"The four bills and the change! _ It would all be mine!"I could buy shoes—warm shoes with solid soles to protectme from the snow and ice!"I could rent a room and pay a week's rent in advance."And I could get some warm food! . . . . ""Fourteenth Street!"It was my station. I had to leave the train. I descendedthe stairs and was again in the wind-swept street. The thinsole in my shoe was colder than before. The swirl of snow,like rain of sharp pebbles, cut my face more keenly. I hurriedAgain I saw the black plush purse! The woman was walk- ing right ahead of me in the crowd. Two fingers of herright hand held the hand-bag. The other two clasped the loopof her big white muff. She walkefd briskly and swung her armrhythmically back and forth.My eyes were fixed upon the bag. The woman was notgoing in the direction I wanted to go. I was following herlike a child. I knew not why."Warm shoes! ... A rooml ... A bed . . . Some- thing hot to efat! . . ."A peculiar feeling overcame me: I must have the purse—the money!I would follow the woman ... I would approach herstealthily from behind ... I would snatch the lightly-heldbag from her fingers .... and I would run as fast as Icould into the safety of some dark alley!I was very close to her. I would count—"One . . . .Two. . . ." and at "Three" I would do it!"One! . . . Two . . ."A gloved hand shot out from one side just in front of meand seized the purse.The woman screamed . . . The prize? was gone! I hadbeen cheated.. "Stop thief! Stop thief!" I shouted.A red mist clouded my eyes. All my hopes had vanished.He had stolen my property. I dashed after the man. Iovertook him. I knew not what I was doing. I flung myselfupon him, seized the collar of his overcoat, tore the purse fromhis hand and I shouted madly:"You dirty dog! You miserable thief!"I shook him. I wanted to tear him to shreds. I wantedto hurl him to the ground and crush him with my feet.A crowd had gathered. The woman with the big muffstood beside me. She took her purse from my hand. She saidsomething to a policeman. I had not seefn him before. Heloosened my grip from the man's collar and took charge ofhim.Now I realized what I had done."It is too late!" shouted something within me. "What afool I was! Why didn't I run away after I had gotten thepurse?"The woman's voice soundefd as from a distance., "Thanks! Many thanks!" she was saying. "How kindof you to have saved my bag. It contained baby's first tooth!And if I lost that . . . !"But you poor man!" she resumed. "No overcoat in suchcold weather? Here take this money!" (She handed me thefour dollars and ninety-five cents).Kindly smiling she hailed a taxicab from a nearby hotel.She waved to me once more and was driven away.The big policeman hustled his prisoner to the station.And I stood there at the corner and laughed and laughed andlaughed. Among Our Aristocrats Greenwich Village, a la Town Topics TWELFTH NIGHT cake tipping the scales at a hundredpounds and made of the richest material will be one ofthe novelties of the holiday season, at the Sunday KindergartenTwelfth Night Party, at Arlington Hall, East Eighth Street, onthe afternoon of Jan. 6th, which is "Little Christmas." Thisunique festival for tenement house children, to which some ofour little Italians back of Washington Square South will bebidden as sepcial guests, combines features of both the ItalianBefana, and an old-English Twelfth Night. The cake is madefrom the following recipe: 103 eggs, 60 lbs. Malaga raisins,24 lbs. Sultana raisins, 24 lbs. citron, 15 lbs. currants, 9 lbs.flour, 9 lbs. butter, 9 lbs. granulated sugar, 3 quarts molasses,9 ounces ground cloves, 9 ounces ground ginger, 9 ouncesground cinnamon, V/ 2 ounces mace, three quarters of a gallonof brandy and a bottle of wine. This recipe, copied from theNewport novel, "The Decadents", was originally that ofEtienne, of Marietta Villa, Newport, the late Mrs. ParanStevens, the society leader's somewhat noted French pastrycook. This mammoth Twelfth Night cake in keeping withboth Italian and good old-English precedent, has angels, Italianbeans and a gold ring deposited in the lower stratum of itssaccharine pyramid and is partaken in common by the denizensof Fifth Avenue and the lower East Side!. The angels andItalian beans imbedded in the lower section of the pyramidderive their potency from the Italian Befana and are to wardoff witches. Twelve candles scintillating from the! star withhalo, the emblem of the festival, will shine on the apex ofthe pyramidal Twelfth Night cake.The little king of the Twelfth Night, Master Jimmy Fiori,will come over from Brooklyn, heading a cavalcade of juvenileart-history students—mostly young Italian girls who live be- tween the old Brooklyn Bridge and the new Manhattan Bridge—"the place where nobody cares to live." The king will also beattended by a band of choristers, Italian working-girls fromthe Sunday Kindergarten free school of Italian singing, whowill carol Adolphe Adams Noel's, "Oh Holy Night," the mostpopular Christmas melody ever written, and translated into themost languages. The king will be robed in a velvet court cos- tume of Tyrian royal purple and wear a magnificent crown.Tiffany is making a star with halo badge, expressly for theking, of gold and silver and green enamel.The little Twelfth Night queen, Sylvia Nei, a pretty littleItalian girl from 172 Worth Street, in the Mulberry Bend quarterof the City, is to be the recipient of a special token, for CountArnaldo Cassella Tamburini, of Florence, Italy, court painterto the king of Italy is painting for her a pastel portrait ofQueen Helena. And the oldest ring makers in America, theJ. B. Bowden Company, designing a ring for the little queen. Mrs. George P. Lawton, of No. 14 East 60th Street, a niece ofthe late Mrs. Leland Stanford, personally presents each year achoice book to the king and queen. Presents there are of goldrings, perfumes, etc., for others of the prize pupils, emblematicof the gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh of the Magi,on the Great Epiphany. The myrrh, which typifies bitterness,is probably the portion of those? of the children who in thevernacular of the lower East Side, get "left" at the festivaland there are always a few of those at the best-planned fete.Henry Clews, the banker is to give a few words of welcome tothe children and William Lanier Washington is to give hisversion of the story of George Washington and the hatchet.Each child as it leaves the hall, after receiving a slice of themammoth Twelfth Night cake, is presented with a prettyTwelfth Night candlestick of imported make with a candle,and a satin-striped Parisian candy bag decorated with artificialflowers. Nothing similar to these flower-laden candy bags isever seen at any other metropolitan fete. Mrs. Edward N.Breitung, a very rich and fashionable society woman fromup-town, known as "The Madonna of the Arts" will also comebringing spe'cial gifts for the choristers of the free school ofItalian singing. Among others interested in the work of theSunday Kindergarten Association are Mrs. John R. Drexel,Prince Giovanni del Drago, Mrs. Henry L. Burnett, C. W. deLyon Nicholls, Countess Tamburini, Mrs. Charles M. Oelrichsand George J. Gould. In Our Village CJHORT-LIVED arel the glories of this world, and the Christ- mas tree which was hung with glittering gold and silver,by loving hands, only a few days ago, is lying today in theback yard or in the alley, stripped of its regalia—a prey tothe garbage-man. If you found it interesting to watch duringthe holiday week the front entrances of our mansions, if younoted the shining windows, the clean washed window sills, thenewly-painted iron gates; if you saw messenger boys with prom- ising-looking packages disappear and come out empty-handed,and distinguished delivery wagons with chauffeur and footmenin livery bringing parcels from exclusive Fifth Avenue shops,now after the holiday week is over take a walk to the otherside of the house, to the back entrance and there you willsee the sad remnants of all those glorious things: flowers—messengers of love and of admiration—crumpled up, dried, to- gether with boxes which contained necessities and luxuries,holly wreaths deprived of their ribbons: peacefully do theyawait the arrival of that ominous hearse furnished by thestreet-cleaning department, and forth they go to the mysterioussomewhere, the ultimate destination of our own journey.And then there is New Year's. Resolutions, new hopes, newstimuli, new ambitions, quiet counsel with ourselves, new poli- cies toward friends and toward life we get accus- tomed to the change of the date line on the head of our leftters,the new will grow old and after this first week of the firstmonth of the new year shall have passed we? will find that weare what we are, just our own selves; that our life is a longstretch of time with two radically important events—our birthand our death. And all that lies between these two dateswhich give us to the world and take us from the world is justlife. Traditions and conventions parcel it off into years anddays. The system of the planets provides us with night andlight and we permit others—some of whom are dead and goneand some of whom are contemporaries—-to fill in our days withevents, and we sleep in the night.But if we set aside everything and all and look back to thedate of our birth and aftefr we have found ourselves andpicked together all that which really makes our own self andthen we look forward and search for the date of our deathveiled by the good gods so that worry and regret at leavingthis wonderful world may not spoil the joyous moments oftoday: we fail to see new years standing out like hurdlesdividing the track to the infinite into shorter and longer paces,into hard and thornless paths.It is one long joyous journey, one road of happiness . . . .and all you have to do is to travel it just by yourself, notdepending on time tables of conveyances, not depending uponmechanical devices others impose upon you: but just you your- self with head high up to the clouds who passing will greet you;with expanded chest inhale the glorious air of a universe that syours, which is yours because you take possession of it.Every new moment of your life a new year: in your ownworld.Heloise DeForest Haynes arranges on New Year's eve, in"The Wardrobe," on East Tenth Street, a fashion fete, whichwill be a take-off on Vogue's fashion fete. The grotesquenessof our days' fashions will be made apparent to our evidentlygrotesque eyes by super-grotesque costumes. Admission by sub- scription. The receipts are intended for an old ladies' home.A new shop is added to the Greenwich Village colony of in- dividual shop keepers. It is Alice Palmer's venture into would- be commercialism in her "Sunflower Shop," at 80 WashingtonSquare East. Mrs. Palmer is a writer known through her con- nections with "The Smart Set" and through her children'sbooks. "A few objects well displayed. What a guiding princi- ple for a small shop!" is the guiding motto of the writersunflower shop keeper. Why sunflower ?—because the sunflowerhas a double meaning for her. She has made flauntingyellow of the sunflower the key note of her decoration. Thegloom of the usual shop is cast off for an atmosphere of lightand life. Also like the sunflower the objects she displays andparts with in exchange for legal tender are not aristocraticin price. They are mostly inexpensive bits collected by Mrs.Palmer from the store-houses of China and Persia. The Reverend and Mrs. Sheridan Watson Bell have everySunday afternoon very interesting gatherings in the parish houseof their church, the Washington Square Methodist EpiscopalChurch. Literary men, musicians and artists give informaltalks on subjects of interest. These afternoons will be con- tinued in the new year. Bruno's Garret Miss Karasz' exhibition has aroused interest in the widestcircles, and especially her manuscript illuminations are pointedout as unique among the art creations of our day. Her exhibi- tion will continue until January 7th.Mr. H. Thompson Rich will read, on Monday, the 3rd ofJanuary, at eight o'clock in the evening, a selection of his warpoems, published and unpublished. You are welcome to be pres- ent. Admission fees are not charged. Diamond Disc Shop A popular place is the Diamond Disc Shop, on the cornerof Eighth Street and Fifth Avenue, where one can hear musicin that cosy little place in white and green, on short order—classical or ragtime or opera arias by some eminent star, oran American song by a newly-discovered American composersung by a newly-discovered artist. It doesn't take long to getthe disc out of the shelf and to place it on the instrument. Dropin some time, if you are in the neighborhood. You will like thedo-as-you-please atmosphere of the shop. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre THE first performance in the Little Thimble Theatre will takeplace on Thursday, January 6th. The program will includea selection of difficult classical music played for the first time,by Mr. Max Kneznik, on the balaleika, in this country. Thebalaleika is a Russian national instrument, used by farmersand country population, with only two strings, and hithertowas thought adapted only for folk music. Mr. Kneznik willplay th£ "Moments Musicale," by Schubert and WinianewskyMazurka's "Song of the Voga Botman."Miss Kathleen Burns, daughter of William J. Burns, thedetective, will appear for the first time before a public audienceand will sing Thayer's "My Laddie" and a few Irish ballads.Miss Burns loves Irish music, and especially the old folk songs,of which she has made a special study. Books and Magazines of the Week The Edison Monthly Very interesting historical articles appear in almost everyissue, for the past months, of "The Edison Monthly," thehouse organ of the New York Edison Company. The Christmasnumber brings a historical account of the Washington Market of one hundred years ago and of today. The description ofthe Washington Market of one hundred yekrs ago is takenfrom a history of the place, written in 1858 by Thomas De Voe,a butcher in the market who in that year completed the forty- fifth year of his activities in the Washington Markeft, which hehad helped to establish."The Town Market, an institution brought to the New Worldby the Dutch settlers, prevailed in New York City until theyear 1841. The first was held in the open space before the fortin 1659. Here the farmers and butchers met one day a week.Another old institution was that at the foot of the presentMaiden Lane. This was the Fly Markeft, so called by theEnglish, who found it difficult to pronounce the Dutch V'liefor Valley. This market, established in 1699, was in existencefor more then one hundred years and figured in the? history ofthe colony perhaps more than any other. The Oswego Mar- ket, opened in 1738 at Broadway and Maiden Lane, lasted onlyabout thirty years. It attracted so much business to the neigh- borhood that Broadway traffic was obstructed and finally, inresponse to public demand, another market was opened atthe foot of Fulton Street on the Hudson River. This was in1771 and the name Bear Market was due to the? fact that thefirst meat sold was a steak from a bear, shot at the water'sedge. Such was the predecessor and the beginning of the pres- ent Washington Market, which was established on the samesite in 1813."It requires a vivid imagination to fill the gaps in a wordpicture' of the market as it stood a hundred years ago. Farmersdrove down from Greenwich or the remote villages of Harlemand Yorkville or came over in their sloops from Long Islandand Jersey. Beef arrived on the hoof, and following the? pur- chase of cattle that had attracted considerable attention on itsarrival, the butcher announced the date of sale. Thtf slaughterhouses were way out beyond the city limits—in the neighbor- hood of what is now Chinatown. What is believed to be thefirst shipment of Western beef was received in New Yorkin 1817. The cattle came from Ohio, and, as this was in thedays before stock cars, they made the journey afoot."There" were one hundred head in the drove and, accordingto a local paper, they appeared "as fresh as if just taken offof our Long Island farms." They netted the drovefr $12.50 ahundred weight."Until about 1830 the Washington and Fulton Street cornerwas set aside for the Jersey Butcherwomen who, dressed inlinsey-woolsey short gowns, offered dairy products—butter, pot- cheese, curds and buttermilk. The Dutch farmers confinedtheir activities chiefly to farm produce, although many of thebrought butter to market, for at three shillings and threeshillings sixpence it was a decidedly profitable article." Der Sturm The current issue of "Der Sturm" arrived safely after acomplicated voyage to Holland, bringing the sad news of the death of Paul Scherbaart, the poet and writer. HerwarthWalden honors thtf memory of his friend and co-editor asfollows:"You are one of the real big artists because you are timeless.While the artists of your time occupied themselves lovinglywith their Earth, you stood on the other side of Love andEarth, reaching out for the world." Much Ado and Shop-lifting I wonder why gentleman Harry Turner, editor of "MuchAdo," the St. Louis fortnightly that carries Shakespeare on itsfront cover and a beer ad on its back cover, doesn't have thedecency to give credit to artist, writer, poet and to the shopitself, for three pictures, five articles and a long poem helifted from "Greenwich Village" and Bruno's Weekly to makehis Christmas issue look like a magazine. The Little Review Another of the magazines edited by a woman is "The LittleReview," the literary messenger of the Middle West. MissAnderson dropped into my garret some time ago while on atrip to the East. And she is not a bit didactic, and she doesn'tlook at all like the one you imagine her to be, reading herinspired editorials against the present order of things andthe prevailing conditions of the human society. She is a realnice girl. In the Orchestra Esther Griffin White, editor of "The Little Paper" in Rich- mond, Indiana—she who writes inflamed editorials againstpolitical corruption— came forth with a little volume of sonnets.She is quite a different woman in the pages of her book, "Inthe Orchestra," which was written during her activities asmusic editor of a daily paper. In the introductory remarksshe apologises that their composition was not given specialcare! but that they were done in the haste and hurry of pro- ducing "copy."Really, it doesn't mean much what we wear, so long as weare otherwise all right. And therefore, even if the sonnetsof Miss White walk on limping feet, here and there, it isjust a matter of appearance. Her thoughts are good and thereis a certain rhythm to her language which makes it very sym- pathetic. The little volume is illustrated by Miss FlorenceFox. The vignettes are charming nudes who seem to knowthat they are illustrating music. Schroeder's Liberty Theodore Schroeder wrote another of his interesting pam- phlets, "Liberty Through Personal Service.""As your development approaches the stage where you desireand can approximately _ live the impersonal life, you will seeall yet overlook all; being without blinding special friendshipsyou will yet be the friend of all; without doing personal charityto any, you will cheerfully devote your whole life to the im- personal service of all; while looking with like emotional in- difference? and desire for understanding, upon the complimentsor condemnations of fools or knaves, of friends or enemiesyou can ignore the fellowship-claim of the infantile phariseeand yet extend your fellowship to him." The Phoenix Michael Monahan's leading article in the January issue ofhis magazine is "Jade London: Master." It is a praise and re- view of Jack London's "The Star Rover," published in Englandas "The Jacket." Ilonka KaraszVanitas Vanitatum Vanitas! To Clara Tice W. T. R. (With genuflections to G. G., who discovered the rhyme: "Tice—nice/')I've a hunch, dear Clara Tice,That you must be very nice;Else why draw yourself so poor—Modest in "caric a choor"?And your "Varna" dog—why thatSeems a cross twixt wolf and rat.Please do take G. G.'s advice . • *And draw us something nice. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, December Ist.Our soldiers' indemnity has been raised from one sou to fivesous per day. Those at the front may manage with this astheir needs are small and opportunities for spending limited,but for those at the rear it is a mockery. Such is the consequenceof conscription, the costs of which the State cannot meet. Whencalled upon to serve, every man in the country is expected topossess an independent income on which to draw for his keep.Many men are now drawing upon their capital. To say that asoldier is adequately provided for is a vain boast; he is justhoused, fed in a manner suitable only to men in the best ofhealth, and but roughly equipped. The State thinks it does wellby him in providing him with tobacco and free postage, privilegesby which all men do not profit equally. But the treatment strikesthe French so little as unfair that they still wonder at thesuperior advantages of the English soldiers, all of whichproves that Governments exploit the public as far as it willstand and entirely with its consent—passive, perhaps, but con- sent nevertheless.I have spoken much and often in these columns of writersaad their activities during the war, to the neglect of theartist-body. There is a reason for this apparent omission.Such call as is made upon the arts of form and colour seemsmore than ever to favour the vulgarest. The others arescarcely given a chance. That sentiments of patriotism, theglorification of heroism, and scenes of destruction can beillustrated nobly has been proved by Paul Iribe's idealistic andMasereel's realistic interpretations. But official influence is allpowerful just now, and, as the late Jean Dolent, Carriere'sfriend, said: "Official art has this peculiarity, that it is notart." The orders go, therefore, to those who are official if notartists, and particularly to those specialists who labelled them- selves "military painters," even when they were less in demand.Every painter, evidently, has his day. Some are attached tothe General Staff and follow operations safely ambushed inState-provided motors.There is not a single modern man of the brush who canrender cavalry. M. Dunoyer de Segonzac, who knows thebeauty of soldiery, will perhaps give us something in thatline one day, if he is spared. Meanwhile he is exercising hisingeniousness in the camouflage department, the equivalentEnglish term for which I regret I do not happen to know.The work consists in contrivances of deception, such as mock- scenery for hiding artillery, aviation-camps, etc.Among the cartoonists Forain continues busy. Le Mot has,after a lingering agony, come to an end; it was too good forthis world. Steinlen wears the best because he is so entirelyfree from tricks and mannerisms. Bernard Naudin, thoughmobilised, has, as was to .be expected, found time to prove thathis pen is well suited to scenes associated with warfare andits sufferings; and' Poulbot's merit does not decrease as hisvogue increases. Extract from a letter to"The Egoist," London. Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno "Mistaken! I was mistaken, Kenneth. Mistaken like yearsago. But it is more dreadful because I have waited so longand I thought I had found at last just the one that was made forme in the beginning. Did you know that I have been inMichigan? I had to go to a little city. There was no railroadconnection and I had to take the boat. I went down in themorning. It was a rainy, ugly day. I had to drive for milesover muddy, sad-looking roads and I was glad when I returnedto the pier at an e'arlier hour than I expected. It was on aSunday. Thousands of men and women had spent the day farfrom their small and sticky dwellings in Chicago and were tiredafter the day of excitement. They were ready to go back totheir work and face the struggle for daily bread anew and countthe days until the next Sunday holiday which they were? plan- ning. I had boarded the boat with hundreds of them. Theywere dining in the dining-room and sitting in the parlors andoccupying the chairs on the decks. I hate large gatherings ofpeople belonging to different classes and callings in life. I feltalone and unhappy and wished to be somewhere where I wouldbe spared listening to their chatter, their laughing and the dis- tasteful familiarity of young men and young women whothought that they loved one another."So I went up on the top deck. The wind was blowing, theoutline of the little place where I got aboard was vanishing withevery turn of the wheel. It was in the late afternoon and thesun had draped himself in his night attire, with those beautifulrays, purple and yellow, which makes such a saddening pictureand moves the lonely man to think of the vanity of the! world—if he only cares to concentrate his mind and think."I was standing on the boat near the captain's bridge and Iwas looking at those gray, placid waves and the sun which wassoon to disappear; and I could not account for that tired, lonelyfeding which came over me. My eyes ached looking at thesun-ball. I turned around to look for a quiet place where Icould sit and await our arrival in Chicago. A young womanwas standing opposite me. Our eyes met."Then—l do not remember exactly—but there was somethingI did for her. I think I offered her a chair, something of thekind. Some peculiar desire to be near her made me stay upthere in the wind. I walked back and forth. I forgot to godown to the dining-room as I had intended to do after all theother diners had left. And finally I discovered a chair, justvacated by a stout old lady, for whom the breezes had becometoo cold, and I carried it near hers and sat down. Again Ilooked out toward the sea. The twilight had settled heavilyand the pale moon could be seen if one looked long and sharplytowards the grayish skies. "I turned to her and looked her straight in the face. Ilooke'd into her big blue eyes. She gazed at me. I don't knowwhy but I simply had to speak to her. 'My name is Courtland,'I said. 'Wont you please talk to me?? Tell me your firstname.' She did not hesitate a second. A very quiet melodiousvoice said, 'I am Maude. Why are you here on this steamer?'"And we talked, and we talked until the darkness had settled.It was night. A million stars, clearly shining, glittering, hidingthemsdves behind clouds, and appearing again. The moon rosehigher and higher on its nightly travel. We didn't know thatall the other people who had been on deck had gone below totheir staterooms. It seemed to me? as if I had found the onlyother being besides myself occupying this world, seeing withthe eyes with which I see, talking with the voice and answeringin the most sympathetic voice I had ever heard in my life thethoughts that I could never have spoken in words."What did we? talk about? About everything. About every- thing that ever interested me in my whole life. About my pro- fession and about the shadow sides of my calling; about beauti- ful pictures and about the hurried noises that they call modernmusic; about her ambition, what she? desired to be. She toldme about the picture she wanted to paint, perhaps in years,after she had achieved what she wanted to achieve—a picturewhich would be so true, so pure? and so beautiful that a motherwould put it in the trunk of her departing daughter, the lovergive it to his bride as the most precious gift and the bad man,should he stop and glance at it, would stop and look again andremember his mother; a picture? which would be reproduced inmillions of copies to be hung in the homes of the wealthy andin the small huts of the poor and in the cell of the man whoserves a life sente?nce."And I told her about myself and about my connections withthe world; how I was disappointed in everything which I haddone for my own sake and successful in all those things I un- dertook in the interest of others. All loneliness was gone. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christinas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. •THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSESAT k QTAD Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve'g at 8:20THE AiJ 1 v/f\ Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's HIT-THE-TRAILHOLLIDAYWith FRED NIBLO as "BILLY HOLLIDAY "GREATAMERICANPLAYAT p k T\TF\I rn 42d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE V^Alli/Lir#l\ Ere'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great AH-American CastAT I Af*Dl7 48th Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE Lv/ll \Jf\Vsi\JLi Eve'g, 8:30. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEIN111 TRIIJMPHdy The Great Lover The Oasisof Washington SquareTea RoomIce Cream Parlorand Cigarettesi CigarsBeneath Bruno s GarretROSSI BROS., Prop'rs ThomasFweterGarrettDrawingPaintingNo. FiveBank St.It is now possible for meto receive a few privatepupils in my studio at No.Five Bank Street in theafternoon from two untilsix at one dollar a lessonDrawingPaintingNo. FiveBank St.ThomasPweterGarrett&lt;*m Ilonka KaiaszCharles Epson's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, .2:15 p. in."Thursday, 8:15 p. m.Friday, 8:15 p. m.2:00 p. m.8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.