The mask 4 1 July 1911 naau_1911-07_01 The mask 4 1 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 Portrait or Wait Whitman Frsm "The Page" 1893. Designed and Engraved by Gordon Craig Illustration 4 TWO POEMS REPRINTED HERE BY PERMISSION OF HIS LITERARY EXECUTORS WALT WHITMAN cre 5-7 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 7 AN INVITATION. Giuseppe Garibaldi. July 2nd 1849 cre 7 Untitled Image Illustration 7 "TO SA VE THE THE A TRE OF ENGLAND" John Semar cre 8-11 THE LAW OF HARMONY. Walter Pater, Plato cre Platonism cre 11 THE INDEPENDENCE IMAGINATION John Ruskin. Modern Painters. Vol. 2. III cre 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 THE OPEN AIR. Som Unanswered Questions Edward Ed war dowitch cre 12-14 Untitled Image Illustration 12 Untitled Image Illustration 14 Design for a Mask; from the Javanese. Engraving by Johns Oliver Illustration 15 BRIEUX AND BERNARD SHAW. A Note on Two Social Reformers Louis Madrid cre 17-20 THE UGLY IN ART Extract from a letter from R. L. Stevenson to W. E. Henley. 1883, from Hyères cre 20 Untitled Image Illustration 20 THE COURAGE OF THE IMPRESARIO. An Appreciation Adolf Furst cre 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 21 Untitled Image Illustration 23 FIDDLE-DE-DEE Or, Professor Brander Matthew's infallible receipt for making an omelette without eggs, Allen Carric cre 23-25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 CONNOISSEURS. La Bruyere cre 25 Untitled Image Illustration 25 IN DEFENCE OF THE ARTIST. A Word or two John Balance cre 26-28 Untitled Image Illustration 26 Untitled Image Illustration 28 A WORD FROM NIETZSCHE Roving Expeditions of an Inopportune Philosopher cre 28 Untitled Image Illustration 28 WONDERFUL ABOMINABLE AMERICANS. Or The Amateur Advertisers John Semar cre 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 29 Untitled Image Illustration 31 DRAMA IN AMERICA. Democratic Vistas. Walt Whitman. 1870 cre 31 AN ANECDOTE OF OSCAR WILDE. 31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 THE TUSCAN "MAGGI" OR MONTH OF MAY PLAYS Pierre Rames cre 32-37; 39 Untitled Image Illustration 32 Untitled Image Illustration 32 A May-time Festival in Florence, (see p 29) outside the Medici Palace, with Lorenzo do! Medici In the foreground, Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 39 ARTISTIC DEBAUCHERY. An Extract from the Writing's of George Moore with a Note Editor cre J. S cre 40-42 Untitled Image Illustration 42 A HISTORICAL PAGEANT IN KYOTO Described Lafcadioe Hearn cre Gleanings in Buddhah Fields cre 43 DOES THE REAL ENGLISHMAN GO TO THE THEATRE? DOES HE ACT IN IT? A Note on the Above Paragraph Gordon Craig cre 43-45 Untitled Image Illustration 45 A WORD ABOUT APPLAUSE. Goethe. Wilhelm Meister. Bk IV. Chap YV Translation by Carlyie cre 45-46 Untitled Image Illustration 46 CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY AND ITS BAN ON A CTRESSES C. G. Smith cre 47-48 ETERNITY AND SOAP BUBBLES J. Van Holt cre 49-51 Untitled Image Illustration 49 MORE CIRCUS CLASSICS Adolf Furst cre 51-52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 SOME EARLY ITALIAN WOODCUTS. A Note upon their Use to Modern Scene Designers Felix Urban cre 53-55; 57; 59; 61; 63; 65-67; 69 Untitled Image Illustration 53 "La Compagnla del Mantellacefe" Engraved about 1500 Illustration 55 Pram the Sacra Rappresentazione of Sta. Eufrosina. Illustration 57 A Scene from a "Sacra Rappresentazione". 15th Century Engraving. Illustration 59 Prom The "Flores Poetarnm". Illustration 61 Prom the "Contrasto di Carnevale e Quaresima". Illustration 63 From the "Fior di Virtù" 1498. Illustration 63 Prem Lorenzo del Medici's "La Nencia da Barbarino". Illustration 67 A Florentine Engraving from the story of Ippolito Boon delmooto and Dianora da Bardi, Illustration 69 LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. 71 BOOK REVIEWS. 72-81 Untitled Image Illustration 72 LAFCADIO HEARN IN JAPAN: by Yone Noguchi: El kin Matthews. London. J. S cre 72-73 MASKS AND MINSTRELS OF 73-74 THE DRAMATIC AUTHOR'S 74-75 MODERN DRAMATISTS 75-76 MEMOIRS AND IMPRESSIONS 76-77 INTERPRETERS OF LIFE 77-78 THE GOLDEN AGE OF 78 A HISTORY OF JAPANESE 78 JAPANESE ART by Laurence Blnyon. T. Fisher Unwin. Five shillings net. E. E cre 79-80 A HISTORY OF PAINTING by 80-81 THE PLAY BOY OF THE 81 SIX SMALL BOOKS OF PLAYS 81 MAGAZINE REVIEWS. 82-85 T"*he English Review has one E. E cre 82-83 have received a copy of 83-85 'T'/re Century Magazine continues 85 FOREIGN NOTES 86-89 Untitled Image Illustration 86 STRATFORD ON AVON. L. C cre 86 PARIS. H. L cre 86-88 LONDON Q. H cre 88 The Shakespeare Ball. R. S cre 88 A Sign of Awakening. 89 EDITORIAL NOTES 90-94 Untitled Image Illustration 90 ROYALTY AT THE THEATRE 90 IMPERIAL BOUNTY. 90 MORE FREEDOM FOR THE 91 THE CHICAGO THEATRE. 91 DOES IT? 91-92 THE ANTI-SUFFRAGE LEAGUE. 92 A SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL. 92-93 THEATRICAL SCHOOLS. 93 IR VING AND STA GE LIGHTING 93-94 TWO GERMAN "COUPS." J. s cre 94 " isolated personality 94 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 96 A tLti"s ti v iJ 1^1*il.« FTHE ART OF THE THEATRE Volume Four. Number One. JU L Yi 9 i i ARENA GOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN S HILLINGS.4 THE MASK. JULY 19"- 'The Editor will be glad to consider, MSS relative to the Art and History of theTheatre, but would point out that he can only make use of articles written bysuch as have a real knowledge of the subjects treated. ■£?All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible for theaccidental loss of MSS. These must In every case be accompanied by a stamped andaddressed envelope as otherwise they cannot be returned.Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy. THE MASK.J u I y 19I I. TWO POEMS BY WALT WHITMAN TWO POEMS BY WALT WHITMAN " TO SAVE THE THEATRE OF ENGLAND " " TO SAVE THE THEATRE OF " . 44 TO SA VE THE THE A TRE OF ENGLAND " THE OPEN AIR. THE OPEN AIR. THE MASKJuly 1911 BRIUX AND BERNARD SHA W BRIEUX AND BER SNA BR/EUX AND BERN ARD SNA W THE COURAGE OF THE IMPRESARIO THE COURAGE OF THE IMPRESARIO FIDDLE-DE-DEE. FIDDLE-DE-DEE. IN DEFENCE OF THE ARTIST IN DEFENCE OF THE ARTIST; WONDEREUL ABOMINABLE AMERICANS. WONDERFUL ABOMINABLE AMERICANS. THE TUSCAN MAGGI THE TUSCAN MAGOl THE TUSCAN MAGG1 THE TUSCAN MAGGI IBE MASK,J t» I y 1911, THE TUSCAN M A GG I ARTISTIC DEBAUCHERY. ARTISTIC DEB A UC HER V. DOES THE REAL ENGLISHMAN GO TO THE THEATRE? DOES THE REAL ENGLISHMAN GO TO THE THEATRE? . A WO R D ABO U T APP L A US E CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY AND ITS BAN ON ACTRESSES ETERNITY AND SOAP BUBBLES ETERNITY AND SOAP BUBBLES MORE CIRCUS CLASSICS. SOME EARLY ITALIAN WOODCUTS. Ta E MASK.J a I J I'll. Til EM ASK .JJ« I y 19 11 . THE MASKJuly 1911 SOME EARLY ITALIAN WOODCUTS. SOME EARLY ITALIAN WOODCUTS. THE MASK,July 1911, BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS . BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS BOOK REVIEWS. BOOK REVIEWS. . BOOK REVIEWS. MAGAZINE REVIEWS. • MAGAZINE REVIEWS. . MAGAZINE REVIEWS FOREIGN NOTES. FOREIGN NOTES FOREIGN NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES EDITOR!AL NOTES EDITORIAL NOTES . EDITORIAL NOTES ' ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Gerente Responsablle. Qiulio Vanzi 1 ANNOUNCEMENTS FROM « THE MASK PRESS"ARENA GOLDONI. FLORE N C E. IT A L Y.-"•rMrriaf*°™"^ifrrTOitiTm^nriirTMM, mi 11 maim ■wnamimn ■HIM— IMIHH MII—N^—MJIMJJL—IJI—J—MUMUJ &amp; THE MASK. NEW SERIES. VOLUME FOUR. °f the new Volume, beginning with the present number, ThreeEditions will be published, and the yearly subscriptions, post free,to these Editions are respectively as follows. &amp; j&amp; &amp;Popular Edition. . . . Shillings 15. Dollars 4.00Large Paper Edition (60 copies.) 20. „ 5.00■ Edition de Luxe. (75 copies) 65. „ 16.00«T»R.JTRRTNINGBRIT.-»I-TI—N~• ■«...—.^.R LT .|NILL1 -RRNM1 |MLN INMIN BBIUM N ——WIANWI IIIIIIMIILIMIIIUIIUUMAUMMMIJIIIIMUBMIJIJMUMJUIIMIIIJI—"" THE MASK* OLD SERIES. 1908.... 1909.... 1910....Unbound Sets, Vol. 1. Shillings 30. dollars 7.50»»  » 25, „ ,, 6.50Vol. 3. ,, „ 20. ,, ., 5.00}s&gt;W% Bound in Vellum. Vol. 1. „ „ 35. „„ , 8.50%$®m - VoL 2- » " 30. „ „ 7.50JIL 7 Vol. 3. ,, ,, 23. ,, t, 6.50p u£? A PORTFOLIO OF'- ETCHINGS by GORDON CRAIG.'T'hese Etchings were made by the Artist in 1907 at Florence andI 'w$yM p represent his most serious work. Connected with his dream of anv Ideal Theatre, they have nothing in common with the Modern stage.■&amp; Only Thirty Portfolios were issued. Of these a few remain.Each contains twelve Designs mounted on grey card, and withM I a Preface by the Artist. &amp; £? j&amp; j&amp; £?■Mil XR Size ofj Portfolio. 48x30 ctms. Price Sixteen pounds.(Dollars 80, Marks 320. Francs 400).j&amp;BOOK- PLATES. • j&amp;f£&gt; Designed, Engraved and Printed by the Engra=vers of San Leonardo: Arena Goldoni, Florence, Italy.From the first design to the last print the work is executeda"d supervised by artists, and therefore Book-lovers may be confi- dent that in sending to&gt;us they are ensuring for themselves awork which shall be as careful in its execution as beautiful anddistinguished in Its design.I 0 HERE IS SOMETHING FOR THE CHILDREN! JRJ pictures from Gordon Craig's " Booh of Penny Toys. "fj&amp; This book of colour drawings of the most representativeEnglish, Dutch and German wooden toys with accompanyingverses was published in 1899. and proved so popular that copiesare rarely to be found.A FEW SETS OF THE TWENTY LARGE ILLUSTRATIONSI jR Printed on thick art paper are still to be had, price fourI guineas, (dollars 21. Marks 82.00. Francs 105.00). JR jR &amp;\ I The Mask Publishers, Arena Goldoni. Florence. Italy.1— III»■ ■ ■Mil IN WIM— Iiniinw MII IM &gt;II 11 RW—-N NIN—— NM IIMBIII■ IINi nIF '"IR 'rimri—r-*~": 1 """ ' Ma Printed for th. Proprietor by Tipogratla R. Laatrueci, Via dot Sorragll, 104 Plorenea and pnbllabod at Jh« Oillro of » Tha Maak » Arana Qoldonl. LITERARY CONTENTS. TWO POEMS Walt Whitman. . : . . • *•TO SAVE THE THEATRE John Semar . 4.THE OPEN AIR.- Edward Edwardovitch. . r 8.BRIEUX AND BERNARD SHAW . . . Louis Madrid . . . . &gt;3-THE COURAGE OF THE IMPRESARIO . . Adolf Furst. . . • • &gt;7-FIDDLE DE DEE. Allen Carrie. . . • &gt;9-IN DEFENCE OF THE ARTIST. . . . John Balance 22.WONDERFUL ABOMINABLE AMERICANS. . John Semar. . . . . 25.THE TUSCAN " MAGGI " Pierre Ram6s. ; 28.ARTISTIC DEBAUCHERY An Extract from the writingsof George Moore with a Noteby J. 34«A HISTORICAL PAGEANT IN KYOTO. . . Lafcadio Hearn. ... 37-DOES THE REAL ENGLISHMAN GOTO THE THEATRE ? A Note by . . Gordon Craig .... 37.A WORD ABOUT APPLAUSE. . . . Goethe 39-CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY AND ITS BAN ONACTRESSES . C. G. Smith 4&gt;.ETERNITY AND SOAP BUBBLES . . - . J.van Holt 43-MORE CIRCUS CLASSICS. . Adolf Furst .... 45.ITALIAN WOODCUTS. A Note upon theirUse to the Modern Scene Designer. . Felix Urban 47*LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 57-&amp; BOOK REVIEWS. FOREIGN NOTES. £&gt; EDITORIAL NOTES.Short Extracts from the Words or Writings of Madame Eleonora Duse, Garibaldi,Ruskin, R. L. Stevensen, La Bruyere, Nietzsche, Walt Whitman, Oscar Wilde,Pages 3, 7. 16, 21, 24, 27. ILLUSTRATIONS. WALT WHITMAN. (Frontispiece). . . . Gordon Craig. (1898) . Face 1.A MASK FROM THE JAVANESE. . . . Julius Oliver. , . 11.PROFESSOR BRANDER MATTHEWS. . . From " New York Review " . 21.MONTH OF MAY FESTIVAL. ... Old Florentine. . . „ 32.COMPANY OF THE MANTELACCIO. . . „ „ . 48.SACRE RAPPRESENTAZION1 . . . „ following ,, 48.FOUR SCENES FROM OLD STORIES. . . „ „ . „ 57. 58.HEAD AND TALE PIECES by Oliver, Borrow: and others. 49, 51, 55. Portrait or Wait Whitman Frsm "The Page" 1893. Designed and Engraved by Gordon Craig TWO POEMS REPRINTED HERE BY PERMISSION OF HIS LITERARY EXECUTORS BY WALT WHITMAN TO A FOIL'D EUROPEAN REVOLUTIONAIRE ourage yet, my brother or my sister !Keep on.....Liberty is to be subserv'd whatever occurs ;That is nothing that is quell'd by one or two failures, orany number of failures, % Or by the indifference or ingratitude of the people, or by any unfaithfulness,Or the show of the tushes of power, soldiers, cannon, penal statutes.What we believe In waits latent forever through all the continents,Invites no one, promises nothing, sits in calmness and light, is positiveand composed, knows no discouragement,Waiting patiently, waiting its time.(Not songs of loyalty alone are these,But songs of insurrection also,For 1 am the sworn poet of every dauntless rebel the world over,And he going with me leaves peace and routine behind him,And stakes his life to be lost at any moment.)The battle rages with many a loud alarm and frequent advance andretreat,The infidel triumphs, or supposes he triumphs, *The prison, scaffold, garrotl, handcuffs, iron necklace and lead-balls dotheir work,The named and unnamed heroes pass to other spheres,The great speakers and writers are exiled, they lie sick in distant lands, The cause is asleep, the strongest throats are choked with their ownbiood,The young men droop their] eyelashes toward the ground when theymeet ;But for ail this Liberty has not gone out of the place, nor the infidelenter'd into full possession.When liberty goes out of a place it is not the first to go, nor thesecond or third to go,It waits for ail the rest to go, it is the last.When there are no more memories of heroes and martyrs,And when all life and ail the souls of men and women are dischargedfrom any part of the earth,Then only shall liberty or the idea of liberty be discharged from thatpart of the earth,And the infidel come into full possession.Then courage European revolter, revoltress !For till all ceases neither must you cease.I do not know what you are for, (I do not know what I am for myself,nor what any thing is for,)But I will search carefully for it even in being foil'd,In defeat, poverty, misconception, imprisonment...for they too are great.Did we think victory great ?So it is...but now it seems to me, when it cannot be help'd, that defeatis great,And that death and dismay are great. WHEN I HEARD THE LEARNED ASTRONOMER. I heard the learn'd astronomer,When the proofs, the figures, were ranged in columns before me,When I was shown the charts and diagrams, to add, divide, andmeasure them, When I sitting heard the astronomer where he lectured with much ap- plause in the lecture-room,How soon unaccountable I became tired and sick,Till rising and gilding out I wander'd off by myself,/n the mystical moist night-air, and from time to time,Look'd up in perfect silence at the stars. AN INVITATION. Giuseppe Garibaldi. July 2nd 1849. who betrays us today, will smile on us tomorrow. I am going" out from Rome. Let those who wish to continue the war against the" stranger, come with me. I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor provi- " sions; 1 offer hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him44 who loves his country in his heart and not with his lips only, follow ** me. TO SAVE THE THEATRE MUST BE DESTROYED; THE ACTORSAND ACTRESSES MUST ALL DIE OP THE PLAQUE.... THEYPOISON THE AIR, THEY MAKE ART IMPOSSIBLE.Madame Eieonora Duse. "TO SA VE THE THE A TRE OF ENGLAND" by John Semar. " TO SAVE THE THEATRE THE THEATRE MUST BE DESTROYED ; THEACTORS AND ACTRESSES MUST ALL DIE OF THE PLAQUE. THEY POISONTHE AIR, THEY MAKE ART IMPOSSIBLE". Madame Eleonora Duse. Hphat is to say, Art Is made impossible in the Theatre of England bySir Herbert Tree, Mr George Alexander, Sir Charles Wyndham, MrFred Terry, Mr Oscar Asche, Mr Lewis Waller, Mr Arthur Bouchier,and by their leading ladies and companies of players ; and that whichstands for Art at His Majesty's Theatre, at the St James's, the Garrlck,the Haymarket, must be destroyed in order to save the Theatre of England.It is not often that there comes so clear and direct a statement froma ruler.... and Madame Duse can be looked on as Ruler by Divine Rightover the actors.This statement by the world's foremost actress will be found againseveral times in the pages of this number of Mask. It is the onlysentence possible to be passed upon the success of vulgarity.The statement needs no explanation. It is clear. Had it been utteredby anyone who was using the theatre as a means to pursue some par- ticular selfish intrigue for fame or money we might look upon it withsuspicion. But Madame Duse has never been self-seeking, and cares notwhom she pleases or offends in following steadfastly the ideals she hasset up to be followed ; and it is to her incorruptable conscience that weshould all do reverence. &amp; J&amp; The theatrical world is without a conscience. It will sell its soul for asuccess, for a high salary, for good terms,.... in short, for twopence.Nearly everyone in the theatre works from self-interest, not for thetriumph of the Art nor even for a lesser ideal.This cannot be said of the Literary world, nor of the Painters northe Musicians.Now it will instantly be said by those belonging to the modern theatrethat The Mask, being a theatrical journal, is a traitor to the Theatre.If so they accuse Madame Duse of being the same.But it is because we love the Theatre,.... and Madame Duse is a childof the Theatre.... and hate this parody of a Theatre which England offers us in place of a true one that we have always attacked and willalways attack it. &amp;&amp; Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree, for example, has lowered the Theatrefrom what it rose to be In the time of Sir Henry Irving.... and yet heclaims to be looking after its interests.£? He no doubt attends to many matters connected with the affairs ofthe technical profession, and spends his time and strength generously incombatting the Music Halls or Mr Seymour Hicks or some other imagi- nary gigantic foe. But none of his energy or his time is spent in fightingthe real foe,... himself and his appalling unconsclenciousness. &amp; &amp;For he is the worst enemy of the English Theatre today. Under theguise of friendship he undermines its very existence. When he should befeeling, thinking and acting as an artist feels, thinks, and acts, he Is in- stead performing like a shopkeeper. An artist has no time to spend away from his Art, and If Sir HerbertTree takes himself to be an artist he should act like one. But he doesnothing of the kind. &amp;Compare, for example, Sir Herbert Tree with M. Rodin. Both havecompanies of craftsmen to direct, expenses to meet, the responsabilitiesattached to big undertakings to fulfil; both have at their disposal thematerial required for the expression of their own art, both have to showtheir work to tbe public: but whereas the one, M. Rodin, producesmasterpieces of the art of sculpture, the other, Sir Herbert Tree, whileclaiming to be an artist of the theatre, produces but .... himself.&amp; And as Madame Duse " handled the little piece of clay in which" two figures, suggested not expressed, embrace passionately, in a" tightening quiver of the whole body, which seems to thrill under one's'* eyesight, it seemed as if force drank in force until the soul of the woman*' passed into the clay, and the soul of the clay passed into the'• woman ■£? &amp; &amp;This is how Madame Duse is moved when she looks upon the art ofRodin : and when thinking of the work of Sir Herbert Beerbohm Treeand his fellow-actors she cries out, " They make art impossible ".Such a state of things ought no longer to continue. 4? Let something be done this year to correct all this.... What?Let there be schools for the art established and let them be controlledby the few artists who have been born to the art of the theatre and leta search be made for men whose conscience in this important matter oftheir art is clear, and let these control our schools.it will be argued that there already are such schools. This isfalse. There are no such schools, if is necessary that such schools shouldbe established because the theatre can become part of the nation onlythrough its educational function.Not that I mean to suggest that the theatre educates la the dry senseof the word. Not that at all. What 1 and many others Insist on is thatthe theatre itself needs education. Those who would work in it shouldbe required first to qualify themselves. No one, not even a super, shouldbe allowed into the theatre until he had passed some examination. Ifthis were possible, (and it Is easily possible), it would not be long beforethe whole theatrical world would be as well as seem a very differentplace.Salaries also would undergo an extraordinary transformation ; pricesfor scenery and lighting would alter; a production would cost twothousand pounds where formerly It had cost five thousand.&amp; And why ? For the reason that distinction and taste would be broughtInto the theatre with the entrance into the theatre of trained minds,and taste, which is independent of material, knows how to adornwithout cost, and distinction of mind knows how and where to econo- mize in everything but brains. To realize this we have only to turn fromthe West to the East, from England to Japan, where all classes display ataste and distinction, a capacity for achieving the maximum of beautywith the minimum of expense which is undreamed of among the English,who, inversely, succeed in obtaining only a minimum of beauty with amaximum of cost. &amp;But such taste and distinction are the outcome of the long trainingand severe discipline enforced among, and submitted to unquestioninglyby the Japanese in every department and activity of life : and until weIn England are ready to submit to the same discipline we cannot hopeto obtain the same results. &amp; JS? This is especially the case with the theatre. Nowhere is training anddiscipline more sternly needed. But for such discipline and trainingwe need a school, a college, in which shall be developed fine=cut incisivebrains and beings to produce the ideal.&amp; &amp;£? Only in such a school do 1 see a hope, for only then do I see the pos=sibility of the development of new minds which shall mould the littleworks of art or the great works, or any kind of works; touching ail, smallor great, with the distinction inherent in themselves. Only a school,and even then only a very serious and difficult school canachieve this for the theatre; for the function of such schools will be to44 produce great persons " who shall destroy the theatre that the theatremay be saved. J£? (I) My quotations are from 44 Studies in Seven Arts 99 f one of the finest of Mr Arthur Symon's works. THE LAW OF HARMONY. Walter Pater, Plato and Platonism. are t° become....like little pieces in a machine, you may complain...No, like performers rather, individually, it may be, of more or lessimportance, but each with a necessary and inalienable part, in a perfectcT*.musical exercise which is well worth while, or in some sacred liturgy;or like soldiers in an invincible army, invincible because it moves as oneman. We are to find, or be put into, and keep, every one his naturalplace; to cultivate those qualities which secure mastery over ourselves,the subordination of the parts to the whole, musical proportion. THE INDEPENDENCE IMAGINATION John Ruskin. Modern Painters. Vol. 2. III. A" egotism is destructive of imagination, whose play and power dependsaltogether on our being able to forget ourselves.... Imagination has norespect for saying or opinions : it is independent. THE OPEN AIR. Som UnansweredQuestions by Edward Ed war dowitch. "WE SHOULD RETURN TO THE GREEKS... PLAY IN THE OPEN AIR".Madame Eleonora Duse. hat does Madame Duse mean ? Many there are who" return to the Greeks ". What do they do ?0 They dress like Greeks, In London or the capitals ofthe Continent; they talk of Athens; they study Greekvases and buy imitation terracottas from the dealers; they do all this and attain to the level of Canova and that false clas- sicism which he and his times revelled in. Sandals are not classic noris the bare arm or leg a scrap more Greek than Ethiopian. So thatif, as the great Italian actress says, we must " return to the Greeksshe means something different from what we have done up to the present.&amp; she adds that we must " play in the open air 0 40 Those Canovaites have always played by candlelight, by gaslight orby aid of that greater light, the arc=!amp, and generally in a closedtheatre. But the ordinary light of day seems inadequate for them,... itis too natural; not " classic " enougn. 0 0 Obviously we should not interpret Madam Duse s order in the waythe followers of Canova interpret it. We must avoid sandals, Greekrobes, Greek masks, Greek theatres, Greek dancing, Greek vases, andalso, it almost goes without saying, steer clear of that anything butGreek fire, the artificial light of a modern theatre. 0 0 00 Thus we are left with the daylight and the open air, and the use ofit when we know how to make use of it: with Tragedy and Comedy, two oldfriends, the Drama; with a covering for the body called costume, and abackground known as 0000040 Well but, we say, we already have drama, costume and scenery, andwe can if we will turn on the light of day; it is cheap enough. 040 But we cannot. To turn the light of day on to our modern scenery,costume, actors and dramas would be to cheapen them at the same time. Daylight is only for works of art: humbug works by artificiallight. &amp; &amp; &amp; ' &amp;Therefore what Madame Duse means is that we should drop tliehumbug, go into the open, and become Greeks in so far as the Greeks madeno use of trickery in their art and also by following the same principleswhich lie at the roots of the art of the theatre.Thus we see that Madame Duse has said a very wise and truthfulthing.And now 1 ask you is all that possible, until you know what the princi- ples of the Greek theatre were ? I do not here speak of Greek dramaticliterature but of the Greek theatre of Interpretation.How did the Greeks interpret their dramas ? How did they traintheir chorus, their actors ? How many colours were allowed to be usedin their scenery, how many in their costumes? Were the arms of theirdancers always kept waving, or was there any rule about this? And whatof the voices in Greece ? What laws controlled the voice there ? Might#the voice take liberties as it does in speech or was it confined to certainnotes as though it were the instrument of music?All this must first be satisfactorily answered by those who hold withMadame Duse that we must play in the open air once more. For If it isright to say we must do this it is not easy to say How to do it.The open air is at once the most lawful and the most illegal place increation. All is allowed there except the unnatural. And what is that?That too will have to be settled before we can begin. For what is naturalin the open air is held to be most unnatural in a drawing-room, andvice-versa. And we who are listening to Madame Duse's order belong todrawing-rooms or libraries or some closed=in box of a place built by thebrain of modern civilization.And our audience is a regular tea-table fringe of humanity. Their" naturalness " is certainly not Greek, although the Canovaites, bygoing in much for afternoon teas and " high society ", attempt to edu- cate the poor things. J£/Thus we see that we are all of us unable to play in the open airbecause we cannot return to the Greek spirit nor achieve the Greektechnique. And yet we could do this and more, could out-Greek the most classic period of Greek art, could turn the very word " Classic"into a little neighbour=word to " Romantic " if we could only be contentto begin at the beginning and develop strongly and steadfastly the lovethat is in the English nature. 3ut we should want a little collaboration.Love always demands that. The collaboration of our country, and alittle less cheap criticism from our country, and especially from itswomen ; for indeed while a nation delegates to its women folk the taskof lowering the standard of art it can be sure that the standard willtrail on the ground,JZ? Yet it is a woman, you say, who proposes for us all the new standardin theatrical artYes; and there her task ends :.... to encourage us by pointing theway, by suggesting a new way, for the right way is everlastingly neweven after two thousand years. To taunt us , that indeed isin woman's province, her right and our privilege; and only a few womenare able to avail themselves of the right, the majority having barteredit away for the privilege of appearing silly, at the expense of all thewonderful things in art and nature.And what then ? What is the next step to realizing this ?The next step is to Now who is reading this ? It all depends upon that. I am ready totell two kinds of people the answer ; princes or millionaires: for theartists already know, and except for these three whom else does it concernuntil it is accomplished ? &amp; (1) Arthur Symons. " Studies in Seven Arts "; Constable ; page 336 Design for a Mask; from the Javanese. Engraving by Johns Oliver BRIEUX AND BERNARD SHAW. A Note onTwo Social Reformers by Louis Madrid. T4ie Englishman is furious about Brieux and about Shaw, and nowthat the two have come together in a volume of plays issued byPifield of Clifford's Inn who publishes most of the works on Socialismand the Pabian Society, the Englishman has just gone mad with rageand drawl for the moment. Later on he will come to his senses. He willdiscern, select, accept and refuse and put the two authors in theirplace.For my part I am happy to see Mr Shaw in his role of Social Reformerwhen his face is so free from smiles as in the Preface to M. Brleux'splays. As a social reformer surely we have no one in England to equalhim. We of the theatre dislike Mr Shaw only when he brings his socialpropaganda on to the stage, for it explains too nicely how little MrShaw understands the nature of the Theatre, and it is hardly necessaryto repeat here that the Theatre is a temple or house for Art, and Art hasnever flourished when in connection with Social or Political reform*it having nothing in common with either, (i.)Mr Shaw in his Preface says that M. Brieux has written fifteen playsand that it is high time for us to begin to read him. One feels Mr Shaw is right in this. Is there anyone who thinks other- *wise? Ah yes, unfortunately there are the millions, the thousands andthere are the hundreds.It is the hundreds who count for these are the few who lead publicopinion. They profess never to have heard of M. Brieux. &amp; This pretended ignorance is the Englishman's sole refuge on the daywhen some other highly-strung but drawling-voiced Britisher asks himif he has heard of, seen or read such and such a book, person or idea.It is as if some one had asked him if he has seen, heard or spoken withthe devil. This is the worst thing that can be said about our Englishman. Whenhe puts that right he will be what he now believes himself to be,....the first European. &amp; So one finds according to Mr. Shaw that English people have notread M. Brieux. Mr A. C. Flfield makes It now possible for them to doso and M. Brieux Is instantly at a disadvantage. For when the English- man has read these plays he will wonder what the devil Brieux is doingin that galley.&amp; 2V|. Brieux is like Mr Shaw a social reformer and both are assuredlydestined to make names as such. As artists, as creators who fly withthe angels, they will be unheard of. They have joined Issue with thebrave and stubborn angel of whom Milton wrote:his prideHad cast him out from heav'n, with all his hostOf rebel-angels; by whose aid aspiringTo set himself in glory 'bove his peers,He trusted to have equalled the Most High,If he opposed ; and with ambitious aimAgainst the throne and monarchy of God,Rais'd impious war in heaven, and battle proud,With vain attempt.We artists do not much care about those who revolt against theprinciples governing their home. We love those who revolt against thedestruction of those principles.^Mr Shaw and M. Brieux are enemies of humanity because, beingwriters, they have failed to understand the constructive part which artand artists play in the world-Drama by the incessant production ofthings of beauty. And we are-all old enough and and wise enough, Ithink, to realise now that by beauty we mean things not only externallybeautiful but beautiful in spirit. Thus things become beautiful inhands that know what beauty of touch is and all things are beautifulas they pass through the thoughts of a really human being...and greatartists are more human than M. Brieux or Mr Shaw.It is only when we become inhuman and unnatural that uglinessenters into us and we are permitted to see ugliness for the first timeand punished by being permitted to have our own way. For to realizeugliness Is to suffer. &amp; What M. Brieux writes about in his works a're sad things and terrible things. He writes of the triumph of evil. But because they are sad andterrible they are not necessarily unbeautiful. He makes them uglybecause he puts them before us with his arms crossed on his breast andall his conceit blinding him and appalling us.■£&gt; M. Brleux thinks he can right the world with his arms crossed. Lethim but once perceive that things are not so easily set right, let himonce be startled into recognising that only by loosening those hands ofhis which he hides under each armpit, by giving those stiff arms whichhe contracts, and then his whole person to the world can he achieve thatwhich iiis instinct so far has rightly told him he ought to attempt. %Both M. Brieux and Mr Shaw have brains; both of them obviouslyhave the noblest of intentions; both of them are courageous, and forthis one admires them unreservedly. But neither of them is human,neither of them can win humanity to do as he wants. They arewithout the milk of human kindness which after all has helped and ruledthe world since the first man-child was suckled by a loving woman.I look for a place in my shelves for this book by Shaw and Brieux.Where can it go ? By the side of the sensitive Shelley?... poor Shelley Ino, I must find same other companion for it. Perhaps near Rabelais ?No, the room would be incessantly filled with the new-born peals of histerrific and baffling laughter. It shall, go then between the two worksof Whitman, 44 Leaves of Grass " on one side, " Specimen Days " on the "other. So will it lie pressed like a somewhat soiled handkerchief betweentwo sachets of sweetest lavender:...1 hear it was charged against me that I sought to destroy institutions,But really I am neither for nor against institutions,(What indeed have I in common with them? or what with the destruc- tion of them ?)Only I will establish in the Mannahatta and In every city of these StatesInland and seaboard,And in the fields and woods, and above every keel little or large thatdents the water,Without edifies or rules or trustees or any argument,The institution of the dear love of comrades. &amp; At last M. Brleux and Mr Shaw have found a companion who willnot deny them his whole sympathy and respect, but who will,.... whoknows... perhaps " filter and fiber " their blood. &amp; &amp; (1) By the bye, is it to Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree's credit as a theatre director that he had the courage toproduce one of them ? THE UGLY IN ART Extract from a letter from R. L. Stevensonto W. E. Henley. 1883, from Hyères. Your remarks about the ugly are my eye. Ugliness is only the proseof horror. It Is when you are not able to write Macbeth " that youwrite " Therese Ruquln." &amp;&amp; Fashions are external: the essence of art only varies in so far asfashion widens the field of its application ; art is a mill whose thirlage,in different ages, widens and contracts ; but in any case and under anyfashion, the great man produces beauty, terror and mirth, and the littleman produces cleverness, (personalities, psychology) Instead of beauty,ugliness instead of terror, and jokes instead of mirth.Art was in the beginning, is now and ever .shall be world withoutend. Amen. THE COURAGE OF THE IMPRESARIO. AnAppreciation by Adolf Furst. here is something positively reckless about the daring of theImpresario. His noble courage is so exceptional that it is sur- prising that he is so little known. When Signora Duse or Signor Grasso performs on the stage who Is It gets the credit for their perfor- mance ?.... Why, Signora Duse and Signor Grasso. Who should get thecredit ? why, who but Signor the Impresario! For after all, who and whatis the performer? A name. And with whom lies the credit of having madethat name ? The Impresario. Who watched the tender steps of the infantprodigy ? The Impresario. Who ran to catch him when he fell ? The Im- presario. Oh noble man, oh beautiful figure in the dark annals of thetheatre. Oh benign unselfish creature, more than a father!But it is not only the gentle side of the Impresario's character whichcauses the flush of pleasure to spring to our cheeks: it is above all elsehis reckless moral courage.£? Bring that man an assured success, give him a round sum to back it.make a contract with him so that he has all rights over you for all lands,and what is there he will not do to you ? £/ &amp;But take him something which is not an assured success, somethingwhich may be wonderful, most beautiful, most original, and you willnot ever find that man so reckless, so rash, so foolish, so eccentric asto attempt anything with it. No, that man's courage is not the ordinarycourage. &amp; Mark you, strange as it may seem,., and 1 am not afraid ofseeming to be paradoxical, so much do I believe in the man,.... markyou, that courage almost reaches an altitude when It may be calleddownright timidity. For what is courage, but caution, what cautionbut care, what care but has in it a sense of danger, what is a sense ofdanger but a feeling of timidity ? In short, as for exceptional creaturesexceptional laws are made, so for the Impresario, I say, some words canmean other than what they originally meant. &amp; &amp; &amp;We are not to judge this man by usual standards. The dictionaryloses its significance in his presence. Thus, as I say, (&lt; courage " becomes " timidity " honesty " becomes " knavery " and mark me, I amnot offering any excuses for the subject of my paper. " Knavery " youmay say, Is a bad thing; but judged as part and parcel of this man'sstupendous individuality knavery loses its ancient] and dishonourablesense.The Knave of Hearts stole some tarts,.. yes, Sirs, and 1am not goingto deny it; but I defy you to convict him until you have told me thereason WHY he stole those tarts. JE? &lt;£/ £/And it is for the same reason that I refuse to look upon the knaveryof the Impresario in the same light as I should look upon the knavery ofan ordinaiy man.Can you tell me WHY the Impresario is a knave ? Why he managesblackmail so delicately, and intrigue so incessantly ? and can you, withthe consciousness that you are speaking the truth, tell me that he is sofar guilty, that he should be carefully watched by the authorities? 1 have every reason to speak of him as an exceptional man,.... a mannoble but mean, an honest man but a rogue, a man who has not yetreaped the full reward of his honourable yet dishonest services; a manwho is supposed to be " well-known but even here you cannot tellme WHY. JE&gt;J£?JE?JE&gt;JE&gt;J&amp;J&amp;J&amp;Only the other day I saw in the Daily Mail that " the well-knownImpresario M. Gabriel Astruc " had arranged something or other,.... 1think It was the daring experiment of bringing Mr George Edwards'superb Musical Comedy Company to Paris. JE&gt; Well now, why is M. Astruc " well-known " ? Who is it that knowshim well ? No, no, Sirs, depend upon it he is too little known and shouldhe be known would be known to be a greater man than he appears tobe by the chance and prejudiced paragraphs which are put in the DailyPress&amp; Then there Is the well-known Impresario Charles Prohman. In spiteof The Mask and' its prejudice against " Sir Charles " I cannot butthink that we know too little of this noble being. And at the risk ofbeing thought to be what 1 am,... an enthusiastic admirer,... I ask Whomade Maude Adams ? Who made Ellen Terry ?: and Who made MrsKendal ? and the reply is a direct one..., "Mr Charles Prohman por what would Mrs Kendal have been without Sir Charles ? WhatMiss Ellen Terry ? What Miss Maude Adams ? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Then again, who was it proved that the Repertory Theatre couldsucceed in London ? Why, Mr Frohman. &amp; &amp;Therefore 1 say that the Impresario must not be judged by us as or- dinary people are judged, for he is an exceptional being. &amp; &amp;But for all that, the sooner the authorities get hold of him and helphim and every one of his kind to understand that there is not roomenough for men to be so great and so exceptional as the Impresario is,the better for the public, the theatre and the art. &amp; &amp; FIDDLE-DE-DEEOr, Professor Brander Matthew's infalliblereceipt for making an omelette without eggs, by Allen Carric. jprofessor Brander Matthews who occupies the chair of Dramatic Litera- ture at Columbia University, stands for all that is unpractical, unori- ginal and Impotent in America. He is said to be American, yet nearlyevery thought he utters Is the faint meaningless echo of something saidor written by some European. His own original Ideas come out rather&gt;stronger, but then these are so banal or so vicious that it were betterhe had not uttered them. America ought to have no room for suchfellOWS.For a really vicious statement listen to the following. He tells thePublic that the way for a young playwright to know how to create adrama is 44 by going to the theatre where a successful play is running and44 watching the audience as well as the play "«44 1 would suggest", he says, " that the young man who is thinking of writing plays should go and see44 every successful play produced during the season at least ten times, until44 he notes the effect of every line and every bit of action upon the au=44 dience. There is no other way of learning how to write playsHe then proceeds to assert that Shakespeare and [Molifcre worked bythis rule of the Professor of Dramatic Literature of Columbia University.Now this kind of teaching is not dangerous. America will survive itand centuries more of its kind ; but isn't it tiresome to think that suchthings are allowed to be let loose in such a wonderful country ?It wasto destroy such teaching and such men that America gave birth to Itsgreat literary men; amongst others to Walt Whitman. He taught that artliterature, drama and all that is strong and beautiful is not to be createdin America by looking backward, or by any trick or according to anydry rule or system but only by absorbing nature.... the nature of America :by feeding not upon the dry bones of things from the European desertbut by drinking the intoxicating juices of American fruit. In a recent Interview Professor B. Matthews was asked 44 May the trueliterary value of a drama be measured by the box office receipts ? "And the stupendous reply was, " That is as good a way of estimatingthe literary value of a play as any other ". Again,... 44 Do you think that our playwrights are better than thepresent generation of English dramatists ? " " Even if 1 thought so "faltered the Professor, 441 would not say so"...How proud America must be of so courageous a son I jgrOnce more:.... 44 Has commercialism had an evil influence in youropinion on dramatic art in this country ? " asked the Interviewer. 44 Drama has always been commercial" answered Professor B.Matthews blandly44 The keener the managers are to make money the bettershould be the output of the dramatist".&amp; 44 I do not think that the public has ever refused to patronize a good44 play at any time in the history of the theatre", &amp;&amp; All this and more appeared in an American Review upon April 1st 1911. The date is ominous. Yet even if it is all ajoke, what right has an American Professorto fool the United States in this way ?If itis all serious is there no one else to be foundIn the whole of America to fill that chairIn Columbia University? For this kind oftrash brings discredit on the whole faculty.And Professor B. Matthews has been at thegame for years now. It is such a pity...such a grievous pity... that an old fellowlike this Professor is allowed to chatteron pompously about what he never hasunderstood and what he thinks is so easyto explain.^&amp; And this is what he looks like, Reader.1 leave you together. jZ? jz? (I) The writer remembers playing 44 Cassio " in Shakespeare's 44 Othello " to a theatre containing exactlyeighteen shilling's worth of patrons for the said 44 good play This was in England, and the actors were•4sober, clean and word-perfect". (1) We reproduce this drawing from the 41 New York Review CONNOISSEURS. La Bruyere or those who consider themselves such, assume the powerof giving an opinion for or against all public productions. Dividingthemselves into cliques, they are swayed by anything but public interestor fairness; they admire a certain poem or a certain musical compositionand condemn all others. Their partisanship is so hot that they cannotproperly defend their opinions, and so injure the reputations of theirfavourites. They discourage poets and musicians by their Inconsistenciesand contradictions, and retard the progress of science and art by with- drawing the stimulus of emulation from those masters who, accordingto their different talents, could produce excellent work. IN DEFENCE OF THE ARTIST.A Word or two by John Balance. he Artist is incomprehensible only because his thoughtsand actions are natural. The popular conception of theArtist is always a wrong one. &amp;j0 Art may not be for Art's sake, but the Artist iscertainly for the Artist's sake. That is to say. he is sel- fish to the core. &amp;He seeks for happiness and finds it. Can this be said of anyother manHe works for happiness, and when he sees that happiness is no longerIn the work he ceases from it and passes on to a new work. There might have been other reasons for the Artist to labour but thesewere found unsatisfactory. J&amp;&amp; He might have laboured because of Duty.... the soldier's reason ; orfrom piety,.... the churchman's way. Or he might have been as the manin Wall Street and doneJt for money, or for fame... the fool's wage:...or for adventure.... the woman's way; or to be knighted, or to carryon a tradition, to make a little name so as to help the historian, or tomake a great name and so baffle the historian, or from sheer folly,or for fun.&amp; But the artist Is neither so wise, so great nor so foolish as all that.He is only quite different. He works for happiness. Experiencing nothingbut sorrow in his life he is incessantly searching for happiness In hiswork,,.. and he finds It. Day after day it comes to him. He is sorrowfulthat all the nobler virtues which are possessed by the lords and ladiesof the land cannot be his. When he realises that it is this greater nobil- ity, this finer sense of honour, this purer purity, this Christ-like unsel- fishness which has raised them to what they are, has given them whatthey have, has taught them what and how to give, then must hebecome more sorrowful than all other men, and having nothing but hiswork, his art, he turns to that as to a friend,.... and lo, happiness Isinstantly his. &amp; &amp; &amp; jg? &amp; j&amp; He cannot share his happiness with others and therein is he selfish.He cannot share it for it is nothing materialit is Freedom. &amp;&lt;£/ Do you not believe what I say ? Do you think I am pretending ? If soyou must forgive me for having fooled you.But it is true what I say; the artist is Incomprehensible oniy becausehis thoughts and actions are natural. It Is neither great nor petty to beincomprehensible. It is merely a vast sorrow, and without the true hap*piness for which the Artist labours that sorrow would be the master.We will hope that there are only a very few Artists alive and atthe same time we will not envy them, for they are neither great norsmall, have nothing we can filch quicker than they will offer it to us;they are only part and parcel of nature, and we know how common she is.The rich man and the beggar can both sit in the sun ; priest and soldierare free to destroy the silence if they choose; the woman or the foolmay play havoc with the blossoms on a rose tree or the wings of birds;and may not all men therefore praise or pick to pieces that which theartist creates ? If he were part of civilization instead of part of natureitself this privilege to pet or destroy his works could not be permittedby cautious legislators.^iuS? At the same time it is because he is part of Nature that he neverimitates Nature. Why should he ? Whatever he creates will be natural:he of all men has no need to copy.See how the Artist resembles all other things in nature exceptman... man who has risen far above nature's gross and delicate ways.How perverse is the Artist, how wilful. Why, he is never twice alike;he is inconsistency itself; he Is as inconstant as the moon... and as muchloved by lovers; as unruly and yet as calm as the sea,... that sea whichyou praise so highly. Why do you praise it? What is there you canguarantee about it ? £/ &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Can you bind down the sea by a contract? Neither can you bind theArtist by one. Has the sea any reason for creeping stealthily or boun- ding suddenly upon the shore ? neither has the Artist any reason forseeking happiness in play. Is the sun turning or is it standing still ?does anybody know ? And tell me, does it turn for money or is it posingfor fame ? And moon and stars, what are they doing and what sense is in their acts ? Can anyone tell ? May it be from piety or for love ofadventure? It can't be that they are going on in that way just becausethey have to, because it is natural to do so. If so, then nature is uglinessitself, for can a servile obedience be beautiful ? Can uselessness be ofany value ? and yet the moon and stars are beautiful.&amp; How Incomprehensible all this is; how natural. This is the only de&gt;fence nature can put forward against all the accusations mankind has forever brought against her... against all those Ignorant and vain enquiriesinto a mystery so great, a problem so simple that there is no answer toIt because none is needed.And this is the only defence the Artist shall bring; that he is partof nature; that he obeys the laws of nature, and stands or falls withnature and that if mankind is an enemy to nature, if mankind has con*quered nature through virtues which are greater than the virtues of thesun, the sea and the four winds, then mankind has also conquered theArtist. A WORD FROM NIETZSCHE Roving Expeditions of an Inopportune Philosopher. 'jpo the existence of art, to the existence of any aesthetic activity orperception whatsoever, a preliminary psychological condition is indl=spensable, namely, ecstasy. &amp; WONDERFUL ABOMINABLE AMERICANS.Or The Amateur Advertisers by John Semar. ow are the Americans wonderful ? How abominable ? Well, to me it seems that they are more alive andtherefore more capable than any race on earth ; they haveonly to learn one or two things, whilst we have to unlearnabout a thousand. They are ready to learn forwards, and yet they are in such a hurry that they deliberately learn backwards.And that's why they are abominable. &amp;In the theatre this haste of theirs is startlingly evidenced.A good example offers itself as illustration of what 1 mean in thenew " Playhouse " built for Mr William. A. Brady of New York City.I have seen pictures of the exterior of the building and have readseveral reports of the interior. Let me write of the part I have seen,. .«the exterior. There's much that's good in it and only a very little that'sbad. But the bad is so abominably bad that it ruins the splendour ofthe whole effort. &amp; Mr Brady invites Mr Charles A. Rich to design and build him a newTheatre. Mr Rich does so. He goes ahead with good red brick and whitestone and makes a very pretty looking little place,... a decidedly betterthing than either of the Opera Houses in Paris or Berlin. That doesn'tsay much for it but it says enough. &amp; &amp;jg? There is nothing wrong about Mr Rich's admirable little design, whichlooks quite like an ordinary respectable house of colonial times insteadof a naughty wicked modern Theatre. And what does Mr Brady then do ? Mr Brady begins advertisingAn admirable art In its own way, but, wedded to architecture, theresults are appalling. And Mr Brady's advertising is worthy of an amateuradvertiser, not of the professional. He has fixed up two of the commonesttype of electric advertising frames at each side of this beautiful new place,and one over the entrance door. And they ruin the whole effect; they ruin, *Mr Rich's work; they ruin everything. &amp; Do they enrich Mr Brady ? That Is the question. I think that theydo not. Would not some mode of advertising his theatre, other thanmaking it into a guy, have worked equally well ? Electricity is notugly, nor is iron-work; it is only the vulgar every-day theatrical shapeand style of his electric poster which damns this new home of his.&amp; It was so wonderful of Mr Brady to have had the wit to see that abeautiful building was better than an ugly one,... therefore it is impossibleto believe that Mr Brady, whose invention and wit are so alive, cannotfind any other way out of the difficulty when it comes to advertisingthe place. Surely this old trick of thirty years ago, this large letter pla- card on the face of a fine building, is a bit too old for an American topractically admit that it cannot be beaten?ser It Is a continual source of astonishment that Americans, who oneknows hate nothing more than to be beaten, are so often floored by littleproblems such as the one mentioned above.Our suggestion is this: Study what belongs to the art of the Theatreand what belongs to the trade of the Theatre, but never mix the two.It is because Mr Brady has mixed his advertisement in with his artisticbuilding that the effect is lamentable. &amp;But, right away from Mr Brady, American advertisement seems to beabout as amateurish as anything can be. Reticence is the first principleof Reclame. Noise and vulgarity destroy all the illusion of pure adver- tisement, for advertising is an art second only to life itself. JS&gt;It is for this reason that I have always been curious to know justexactly why the classical dancers, (who at best attain to the false classi- cism of Canova while avoindig the true intention of the masters,) takeoff their clothes when they dance. The Japanese dancers, the Indiandancers, the Siamese dancers and the Greek dancers do and did quitedifferently. &amp;&amp;To hide is to advertise; to display is to disillusion us. The cat in thebag Is ten times more mysterious and attractive than when she Jumpsout. 1 take the well-known cat as an instance, for poor puss is the com- monest thing on earth, and It is the common things in which we traffic.Well then, let them be well wrapped up lest they disillusion us whenIn the light of day. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; And besides, Is it not an act of folly to waste so much money uponadvertising these every-day cats and things ? Think how much moneywould be needed to attract people to an a ordinary tabby ;.... yetput her in the bag.... and how wonderful she then becomes ! &amp; When Americans know how to advertise without spending moneythey will have mastered the art. At present one can only consider themas amateurs. DRAMA IN AMERICA. Democratic Vistas. Walt Whitman. 1870. Of what is called drama, or dramatic presentation In the United States,as now put forth at the theatres, I should say It deserves to be treatedwith the same gravity, and on a par with the questions of ornamentalconfectionary at public dinners, or the arrangement of curtains andhangings in a ball-room, nor more nor less. JS? AN ANECDOTE OF OSCAR WILDE. &amp; Oscar Wilde once said in that grave way ofhis to a friend :44 There are three maxims which are sufficient to guide any manthrough life successfully. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;44 And what is the first of these ? " asked his friend. J£/44 Well, the first is 44 never go to see a play by Henry Arthur Jones ".44 And the other two ? " queried his friend. &amp;&amp;44Oh " replied Wilde, 44«lf you remember this first maxim, the othertwo do not matter." THE TUSCAN "MAGGI" OR MONTH OF MAY PLAYS by Pierre Rames. A May-time Festival in Florence, (see p 29) outside the Medici Palace, with Lorenzo do! MediciIn the foreground, (0. n many parts of Tuscany, and especially about Pisa,Lucca, Monte Amiata and Versiliano, there exists a formof drama which presents in a primitive form certainqualities entirely lacking in the European Theatre, suchas freedom from restraint by the literary playwright,love of the work for its own sake and enthusiasm in Itsexecution, and an appeal by suggestion and symbol tothe imagination existent in the spectators rather thanthe realistic presentation of fact.These plays are usually known as the " Maggl " or month of May Plays and are written, produced and acted by the countryfolk themselves.In some districts where, owing to the fact that the men of thecommunity, whose custom it is to work In the Maremma and low landsduring the winter season, have not returned to their villages by May,the plays are given later in the year and known by some other namesuch as " GiostreSometimes they are organised by one man, the " Capo-Magglo who acts as general director, selects play and players, direct rehearsals, paysexpenses and plans the transport of his company from village to village,refunding himself from the receipts which, though the spectators usually,pay but a penny a head, amply suffice. Sometimes a group of peasantsinitiate the performance for their own village only, assuming the fullresponsability, (no light matter, since much labour and study is involvedand the rehearsals for a single Magglo often last a good two months),for no reward save the delighting of the audience and the pleasure the,work itself affords.&amp; The actors are chosen from those skilled in improvisation. Womenrarely take part, a nice custom forbidding such exhibition of themselveson the stage, and female parts are usually acted by boys. 4%,The company organized, the next step is to select the subject fortheir performance,... a matter of little difficulty since the range of choiceis a wide one.As in the fifteenth century the scenario writers of the Commedia dellArte drew their material from all sources, adapting it to their own,use, so do the local peasants and artisans who are the usual composers,of the Maggi shape their play on some old romance. &amp;Some of the oldest Maggi are printed, but many are merely writtenin copy-books together with stage directions, and passed from hand&gt; * *-to hand. &amp; The origin of the Maggi is uncertain, but they are known to have,more than a century of life and D'Ancona believes while the custom ofgiving them in the Maytlme is probably a survival of the old May songsand celebrations, they are in their form closely allied to, if not actuallydescended from, the Sacre Rappresentazioni which they resemble in manypoints; such, for instance, as the custom at times adopted of dividingthe stage into several parts representing different scenes with the actorsready in each to move and speak as their turn came round: a customin which we see, if I understand aright, the application of a principle,and an important one, of stage scenery which Mr Gordon Craig hasunearthed once more and introduced into his Scene with its many fol- ding screens.&amp; The general denomination of "Maggi" allows of sub-divisions, different types being known by different names, such as a " Vita ", a ** Narrazlone ",a " Canto ", a " Rappresentanza " or a " Storia Singolare "; but alladhere to a strictly conventional form, being composed in strophes of aparticular metre, a short line of eight syllables, and Intoned in a kind ofrecitative to one unvarying chant.Thus we see that the Directors of the Dublin Theatre do not do wrongwhen insisting upon their actors chanting instead of merely talkingverse, as though verse were the ordinary and everyday method for thecommunication of material ideas.&amp; The " Maggianti " usually chant without accompaniment though insome places there is an Intermezzo of violins; but the little tune orcantilena is always adhered to, whether the words be love or sorrow,prayer or curse, and is remembered by the oldest peasants from theiryouth. No variation is permitted, since the people are tenacious of thetraditional forms and would resent it if, instead of declaiming in con- ventional manner, the paladins and saints of their Maggi spoke as theythemselves do about their affairs; and the old men discourage any in- novations on the part of the younger such as modern dances, as detractingfrom the dignity of the old and seasoned form. &amp; &amp; &amp; This chanting to one invariable tune is another characteristic sharedin common with the Sacre Rappresentazioni, and D'Ancona deduces fromit that the two forms dated from the same period, but that whenthe new fashion of speaking the parts became popular in the city andled to the modern style of recitation, the hill folk clung tenaciously totheir ancient forms which perhaps they will never relinquish. The onlyvariation from the established air is In certain Maggi where verses ofthe poet from whom the subject is derived are introduced and these,having another metre, are sung to another tune. &amp; &amp; &amp; In some Maggi we find the chorus, which takes almost the part ofthe Greek chorus, not sharing in the action but making prayer in rela- tion to that action. The figures represented by the chorus vary accordingto the piece, being nymphs, peasants, angels or whatever Is in keepingwith the subject. &lt;£&gt; A Maggio commences with a Prologue chanted by a child who Isknown in different districts under varied titles such as Princlpiante,Paggio, Corriere, Interpretere, Introduttore, or Servo.The arguments are usually derived from the Biblet the Lives of theSaints or some historical or poetic romance such as those of Tasso,Shakespeare, Metastasio, the Arthurian cycle, or the exploits of Charle- magne, for the Imagination of the peasant delights in and feeds con- tinually upon legends of paladins, knights errant, saints and martyrs,and these are what he likes to see in his theatre, caring little, withfew exceptions, for Maggl based upon Greek or Roman history or onmodern life. He delights In the spectacular and the marvellous, in featsof valour, celestial visitations, shipwrecks and battles, the marches,countermarches and hand to hand fights In these latter being carefullyrehearsed.But whatever be the subject of the Maggio the author always treatsIt in heroic and idealistic fashion as did Shakespeare himself, and the%most classic theme becomes romantic in the hands of the Maggianti, allheroes and events being transported into the same epoch, and Hamlet,Tancred and Louis XVI represented in identical style and spirit, asheroes of the same time and place:... But that place Is ever the idealregion of the imagination, that time the time which never was, yetalways is. (i) &amp; &amp; &amp;The rural playwright handles his material very freely, adding at willto the events of the recognised version, as when, in the Maggio of Hamlet,various scenes prior to the death of Hamlet's father are introduced ; aliberty which would appal Mr William Archer and charm Mr AllenCarrie." js?When the play Is ready all the village gathers to witness it, the favouritetime being on Sunday after vespers.&amp; Of recent years the custom of building regular theatres has beengrowing, and curtains and scenery have consequently come into use, butoriginally the pieces were played in the open air in the village piazzaor in some open space among the chestnuts or olives, the audience forming a ring about the actors, and the scenic decoration being of thescantiest kind.This does not mean that they would not have been delightedto get beautiful scenery and costumes but that they were net preparedto pay large sums for these nor for actors. All must cost very little, saidthe Public,... and still says so, however little they are usually heeded.And I allude here to the world-Public, not to the clique of twohundred thousand beings which a London theatre manager deludes himselfinto mistaking for the world. But however scanty it was sufficient for the people. A placard displayedat the beginning of each scene sufficed to show where the action wastaking place; two thrones on opposite sides to indicate two kingdoms;a tree to suggest a forest and a couple of men fighting, a pitched battle.The imagination of the audience supplemented and remedied all deficien- cies In the setting and the player served as a kind of peg upon whichto hang a preconceived ideal; and, no matter how simple the contri- vances adopted for scenery and costumes, the players could yet hold thespectators silent, and thrill them with emotion, doubtless because thecharacters represented were already dear and familiar figures visualisedso often as to be well-nigh as real as the inhabitants of the next farm.&amp; But not for this reason only. An even more important one is to befound in the fact that the player and the audience are of the same estateHere is no fashionable actor, rich in furs and motor-cars, a strangerexcept for a nod from an enigmatical head furnished with droopingeyelids and actorish mouth. Here is a man well known for what he doesto gain a living away from his art, and acting for the people somethingthey all believe in hotly,.... and that something is Heroism, Idealism.The modern stage actor acts something, everything,.... and believes innothing. Most of the theatres today make a jest of the heroic and areashamed of the very word Ideal. Their influence is as vicious as theinfluence of these genuine folk-players is pure.In the Maggi performance it is quite otherwise, and thus, as has beensaid, although the costumes might be of the simplest, the stage settingalmost non-existent, the profound earnestness alike of actors and audiencecould create and complete the circle of dramatic and imaginative inten® sity which manifested itself in the spectators in profound silence, noapplause being given however deeply they were -&lt;£•JZ? But, although the Maggi yet retain their conventional form of chantand metre in its purity, those who produce them are conscious that theirstage setting has lost something of its value, and village now competeswith village for the possession of a real theatre with its broad raisedplatform on which to do more justice to their scenes. Many have built little theatres with stone stage, curtain and scenery,and wooden benches or stone seats for the audience ranged in the formof an amphitheatre, an awning being extended overhead as protectionfrom the sun. Less favoured villages content themselves with adaptingsome barn or stable to their use during the Maggio season, while othersyet give their plays in the woods or village square. &amp;JZ? But, however presented, the love of the Maggi is deep=rooted in thehearts of the people, and even in these days, although they may take atinge of colour from recent and revolutionary events, may occupy theun«=selves with some modern fact from a newspaper as well as with the legen»dary figures of old romance, they yet retain their essential characterisetics, and their ancient chant and metre. &amp; THE DRAMA DIES OF STALLS AND EVENING DRESS AND PEOPLEWHO GO TO THE THEATRE TO DIGEST THEIR DINNER.Madame Eleonora Duse ]• For much interesting information respecting the " Maggi" Iam indebted to Professor D'Aocona's valuablestudy of the subject in his " Origin! del Teat o Italiano and also to an interesting illustrated article in"La Lettura May 1911 by Signor Roberto Palmarocchi. P. R. 1. Folk plays and Puppet plays are alike in this. The Heroic still appeals to the People it no longer to thosewho, as Madame Duse says, "go to the theatre to digest their dinner Ed. ARTISTIC DEBAUCHERY. An Extract fromthe Writing's of George Moore with a Note by The Editor. J. S. | n relation to what M. Rames tells of the idealism and romanticism withwhich the Tuscan " Maggi ", for all their simplicity, are charged, andthe contrast which they thus afford to the modern European theatre, itis interesting to read the following indictment of the "artistic debauchery"of a London theatre from Mr George Moore's " Confessions of a YoungMan " and to note how he longs for some of those very things which thesimple hill-folk, by a faultless intuition of true values, have preserved intheir theatre: "a simple stage", "a few simple indications", "thesimple recitation of a story ", " a youth cunningly disguised "to playthe woman's part. And, if Mr Moore finds it " difficult to imagine Eliza- bethan audiences as not more intelligent" than those that applauded MrPettit's plays years ago, we, on our part, have no doubt whatever thatthose who listen in silence to the " Maggi " are intelligent in a truer andfar more vital sense than those who applaud the modern lecture plays. &amp; We reprint Mr Moore's words below. JZ? HPhe power of the villa residence is supreme : art, science, politics, religion,it has transformed to suit its requirements. The villa goes to thetheatre, and therefore the art of to-day Is mildly realistic; not the greatrealism of idea, but the puny reality of materialism ; not the deep poetry ofa Peter de Hogue, but the meanness of a Frith...not the winged realismof a Balzac, but the degrading naturalism of a coloured photograph.Aj0 To my mind there is no sadder spectacle of artistic debauchery thana London theatre; the overfed inhabitants of the villa in the stalls hopingfor gross excitement to assist them through their hesitating digestions'an ignorant mob in the pit and gallery forgetting the miseries of life Inimbecile stories reeking of the sentimentality of the back stairs. &amp;Were other ages as coarse and common as ours ? It is difficult toimagine Elizabethan audiences as not more intelligent than those thatapplaud Mr Pettit's plays. Impossible that an audience that could sit outEdward II. could find any pleasure in such sinks of literary infamies as In the Ranks and Harbour Lights. Artistic atrophy is benumbing us,we are losing our liner feeling for beauty, the rose is back to thebriar. 1 will not speak of the fine old crusted stories, ever the same, on%which every drama is based, nor yet of the musty characters with whichthey are peopled...the miser in the old castle counting his gold by night,the dishevelled woman whom he keeps for ambiguous reasons confinedin a cellar.Let ail this be waived. We must not quarrel with the ingredients.The miser and the old castle are as true, and not one jot more true, thanthe million events wiiich go to make up the phenomena of human exis- tence. Not at these things considered separately do 1 take umbrage, butat the miserable use that is made of them, the vulgarity of the compli- cations evolved from them, and the poverty of beauty in the dialogue.Not the thing itself, but the idea of the thing evokes the idea.Schopenhauer was right; we do not want the thing, but the idea of thething. The thing itself is worthless ; and the moral writers who embellishit with pious ornamentation are just as reprehensible as Zola, who em- %belltshes it with erotic arabesques. You want the idea drawn out of obscur- ing matter, and this can best be done by the symbol. The symbol or thething itself, that is the great artistic question. In earlier ages it was thesymbol; a name, a plume, sufficed to evoke the idea, now we evoke nothing,for we give everything, the imagination of the spectator is no longercalled into play.In Shakespeare's days to create wealth in a theatre it was only ne- cessary to write upon a board, 44 A magnificent apartment in a palace. "This was no doubt primitive and not a little barbarous, but it was betterby far than by dint of anxious archaeology to construct the Doge's palaceupon the stage. By one rich pillar, by some projecting balustrade takenin conjunction with a moored gondola, we should strive to evoke thesoul of the city of Veronese: by the magical and unequalled selectionof a subtle and unexpected feature of a thought or aspect of a landscape,and not by the up-piling of extraneous detail, are all great poetic effectsachieved.44 By the tideless dolorous inland sea,In a land of sand, of ruin, and gold. '4 And, better example still," Dleu que le son du cor est triste au fond des bois, "that impeccable, that only line of real poetry Alfred de Vigny ever wrote.Being a great poet Shakespeare consciously or unconsciously observedmore faithfully than any other poet these principles of art; and, as ischaracteristic of the present day, nowhere do we find these principles so»grossly violated as in the representation of his plays. &amp;l had painful proof of this some few nights after my arrival in Lon- don. I had never seen Shakespeare acted, and 1 went to the Lyceum andthere 1 saw that exquisite love-song for Romeo and Juliet is no morethan a love song in dialogue...tricked out in silks and carpets and illumina- ted building, a vulgar bawd suited to the gross passion of an ignorantpublic.1 hated all that with the hatred of a passionate heart, and 1 longedfor a simple stage, a few simple indications, and the simple recitationof that story of the sacrifice of the two white souls for the reconciliationof two great families. My hatred did not reach to the age of the manwho played the boy-lover, but to the offensiveness with which he thrusthis individuality upon me, longing to realise the poet's divine imagination :and the woman, too, 1 wished with my whole soul away, subtle andstrange though she was, and 1 yearned for her part to be played by ayouth as in old time; a youth cunningly disguised, would be a symbol;and my mind would be free to Imagine the divine Juliet of the poet,whereas 1 could but dream of the bright eyes and delicate mien andmotion of the woman who had thrust herself between me and it.George Moore. " Confessions of a Young Man. " A HISTORICAL PAGEANT IN KYOTODescribed by Lafcadioe Hearn. Gleanings in Buddhah Fields. these visions of dead centuries were passing by, the people keptperfectly sllent,...wh'?h fact, strange as the statement may seem towestern readers, indi- a«.ed extreme pleasure. It is not really in accordancewith national sentiment to express applause by noisy demonstration,...byshouting and clapping of hands, for example. Even the military cheer is animportation; and the tendency to boisterous demonstrativeness in Tokyois probably as factitious as it is jg? 1 remember two impressive silences in Kobe during 1895. The firstwas on the occasion of an imperial visit. There was a vast crowd ; theforemost ranks knelt down as the Emperor passed ; but there was noteven a whisper. The second remarkable silence was on the return of thevictorious troops from China, who marched under the triumphal archeserected to welcome them without hearing a syllable from the people. 1asked why, and was answered, " We Japanese think we can better expressour feelings by 1 may here observe, also, that the sinister silence of the Japanesearmies before some of the late engagements terrified the clamorousChinese much more than the first opening of the batteries. Despite exceptions, it may be stated as a general truth that the deeperthe emotion, whether of pleasure or of pain, and the more solemn orheroic the occasion, in Japan, the more natnrally silent those who feelor act. DOES THE REAL ENGLISHMAN GO TO THE THEATRE? DOESHE ACT IN IT? A Note on the Above Paragraph by Gordon Craig. Qentlemen: ... May 1 suggest that the exact depth of the emotion,whether it be in Kyoto or London, is always guaged by the noise orthe silence of those who are moved by that emotion ? May 1 suggestthat the noisy actors tell us exactly how shallow Is their emotion, andthe noisy audience exactly how little they h&lt;ive felt or understood it; that both are noisy because they need encouragement. &amp; &amp;As an actor it was Sir Henry Irving who felt deeply although 1 haveseen It stated that he was not capable of emotion. He was never noisy.&amp; Again, the success or failure of a performance in London depends todayupon applause. If the audience are silent the cri-r 3,... most of the critics.... assert that the play has been a failure. It is no excuse to saythat it is the western way to applaud and the eastern way to remainsilent. To say this is merely to damn the west wholesale and proclaimsit incapable of deep feeling. It Is curious though that the English whoare so phlegmatic, who really can feel very acutely and who in momentsof great danger can be and generally are as cool and quiet as Japaneseare so appallingly boisterous at the theatre. &amp;All this leads some to believe that, broadly speaking, the representa=tlve Englishman seldom goes to a theatre, and I believe the theatreis very shortsighted in not doing more to attract the true Englishmanto Its performances.When an English gentleman is seen in the stalls or pit how quietlyhe sits there ; how little he says; how quiet are his hands. At the endhe goes out and perhaps expresses himself in half a dozen words onthe performance.&amp; And what would happen supposing an English artist could draw afull house of English gentlemen to his theatre ? A delightful evening wouldpass in silence. It would be quite sensible for once, but the actors wouldbe alarmed and believe that the audience had felt nothing, the criticscocksure that the actors were unpopular, and the wlg=makers wouldspread the report that the play was a dismal failure. Then no one wouldgo, not even the rest of the English gentlemen, and art and good tasteand deep emotion would be damned.&amp; This state of things is to be regretted. The remedy is to get out ofthe mind of the critic, the actors and the general deadhead publicthat applause and noise indicate that the deep emotions have beentouched ; and it should be clearly shown that on the contrary only theshallow emotions have been touched. JS?That I believe is the first step towards improving all things in themodern theatre, though I by no means imagine for one moment that such a step, small though It be, will commend itself to anyone in the theatre.Rather do 1 believe with Madame Duse that " TO SAVE IHE 1HEATRETHE THEATRE MUST BE DESTROYED : THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSESMUST ALL DIE OF THE PLAQUE " for.... " THEY POISON THE AIR,THEY MAKE ART IMPOSSIBLE. " A WORD ABOUT APPLAUSE. Goethe. Wilhelm Meister. Bk IV. Chap YVTranslation by Carlyie. Ah ! I too was in that happy case, when 1 first betrod the stage, withthe loftiest opinion of myself and of my nation. What a people, inmy fancy, were the Germans ; what a people might they yet become! 1addressed this people; raised above them by a little joinery, separatedfrom them by a row of lamps, whose glancing and vapour threw anindistinctness over everything before me. How welcome was the tumultof applause, which sounded to me from the crowd ; how gratefully did 1accept the present, offered me unanimously by so many hands! For atime 1 rocked myself in these ideas; I affected the multitude, and wasagain affected by them. With my public 1 was on the fairest footing ; 1imagined that 1 felt a perfect harmony betwixt us, and that on eachoccasion I beheld before me the best and noblest of the land. " Unhappily it was not the actress alone that inspired these friends ofthe stage with interest: they likewise made pretensions to the young andlively girl. They gave me to understand, in terms distinct enough, thatmy duty was not only to excite emotion in them ; but to share it withthem personally; j£? jg?j0 " This unluckily was not my business: 1 wished to elevate their minds ;but to what they called their hearts 1 had not the slightest claim.Yet now men of all ranks, ages and characters, by turns afflicted me withtheir addresses; and it did seem hard that I could not, like an honest young woman, shut my door and spare myself such a quantity oflabour." The men appeared, for the most part, much the same as 1 had beenaccustomed to about my aunt; and here again I should have felt disgustedwith them, had not their peculiarities and insipidities amused me.As 1 was compelled to see them in the theatre, in open places, inmy house, I formed the project of spying out their follies; and mybrother helped me with alacrity to execute it. And If you reflect that, upfrom the whisking shopman and the conceited merci?ant's son, to thepolished calculating man of the world, the bold soldier and the irapet- tuous prince, all in succession passed in review before me, each in hisway endeavouring to found his small romance, you will pardon meif 1 conceived that 1 had gained some acquaintance with my nation. £?" The fastastlcally dlzened student; the awkward, humbly-proud manof letters; the sleek-fed gouty canon; the solemn heedful man of office ;the heavy country-baron ; the young erring parson ; the cool, as well asthe quick and sharply-speculating merchant; all these 1 have seen inmotion ; and 1 swear to you there were few among them fitted to inspire%me even with a sentiment of toleration . On the contrary, 1 felt It alto- gether irksome to collect, with tedium and annoyance, the suffrages offools; to pocket those applauses in detail, which in their accumulatedstate had so delighted me, which In the gross 1 had appropriated withsuch pleasure. js/ CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY ANDITS BAN ON A CTRESSES by C. G. Smith. rjphings begin to move, and this time forwards instead of backwards.By order of the Proctors the undergraduates at Cambridge areforbidden to take part in dramatic performances in which professional!actresses appear, (i) &amp; jg?The Proctors of Cambridge University have decided wisely. In actingthus they do but follow the legislators of Athens in one of the mostperfect periods of civilization, and they also revive the rule of theElizabethan age. is interesting to note the vitality, the inherent recuperative force*of fine traditions. The Greeks excluded women from their stage in 300B C. They found such exclusion essential to their art. The Elizabethansnineteen hundred years later again perceived the value which lay inthe replacing£of women by men in female roles; and now, as proofthat" age cannot wither " nor " custom stale " a fine tradition we find agroup of thoughtful and scholarly men deciding, after due considerationand experience, to banish women from so much of the theatre as iswithin their own control. &amp; Ji? &amp; &amp; &amp;It is to be hoped that this excellent example set by the CambridgeProctors will be pondered, understood and imitated, for how deep awisdom lies at the roots of this old 'prohibition of women from appearingon the stage is obvious to all who seriously consider the question.&amp; The advantage is two-fold. jg?A/ 1-irst, to the women themselves it Is a gain to be saved, even againsttheir will, from making this public display of their persons and theiremotions which serves to foster all their latent folly and conceit, sincewhat a woman may gain upon the stage is but little compared withwhat she loses.Secondly, it is an incalculable gain to the art in that it replaces aa personally by a symbol. For men, when they act female roles, do notparody womankind as do women themselves when they let loose theirsilliness and vanity on the stage as representative of the beauty of thefemale sex. Nor do men representing women pretend to be women orto create an illusion. Rather do they present an Idea, interpret the spirit of womanhood ; and the power of that spirit is the more deeplyfelt by the audience in that it is unallied to any counter attraction ofthe flesh. In fact a man, in playing a woman's part, may be said tomake himself sexless to the end that he may reveal what is most idealin the sex he represents.&amp; The following extract from.the " Journal de C0II6, 1734 «s interestingas emphasizing this view of the matter: &amp;"On the 19th of this month there was played in the little house ofM. le Compte de Ciermont, rue de la Roquette, on a small, very passable" stage, which he had had erected there, the vaudeville farce of the44 Disguised Lovers ", a little piece in my own style.44 I had thought that it could not fail to succeed, and, at the perfor=" mance, I was quite astonished to be the first to condemn it. It seemed" to me disgusting. js?44 There was a pregnant girl in it, and it was a woman who played44 the part; that revolts and only gives disagreable and ugty thoughts44 instead of a comic effect. 1 see now what had deceived me; If on the44 occasions when 1 introduced pregnant women on the stage it always44 caused much laughter it was because a man then played the part; 1" had not foreseen that it would cause an entirely contrary effect when44 a woman was charged with the acting of this role and, in fact, the44 truth of the tableau is revolting, even disgusting; that is the44 term. " j£&gt; .-e?In fact it is in the banishing of the personal by the impersonal, thereplacing by suggestion and symbol of that realism and robust emotionwhich, as Professor Raleigh so wisely says 44 obscure the sheer practical44 value of the author's conception " that the value of the custom lies,and, as the same author continues female parts, by being entrustedto boy actors, 44 may well have been rendered with a clarity and simplicity44 which served as a transparent medium for the author'swit and pathos ".For 44 poetry, like religion, is outraged when it is made a platform forthe exhibition of their own talent and passion by those who are itsv.44 ministers ". (1). (1) See 44 Daily Mail " May 16. 1911 (1) Professor Walter Raleigh. " Shakespea e ETERNITY AND SOAP BUBBLES by J. Van Holt adame Ida Rubenstein Is ambitious. She seems to havethe ambition to become eternal through blowing soap- bubbles. It is decidedly original. &amp;jg/ Madame Rubenstein having by some great magic,(probably that magic of personality about which we hear so much), procured large sums of money, goes to Paris, takes a quantityof D'Annunzio, mixes it with some Debussy, Bakst and Hahn, and beginsblowing the bubbles. The first bursts in Paris, the second in London.^?In the first bubble, which was called " The Martyrdom of Saint Se- bastian " but was really a chapter from the martyrdom of Art, MadameRubenstein figured as a saint. In the second, called " The Blue God "Madame Rubenstein figured as a goddess. Blue being too ordinary apigment, the lady had herself gilded. One has heard of gilding the pillbefore now.The Daily Mail has provided most of the air for the bubble experi- ments and some of this is very refined. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Concerning " The Blue God " Mr Hahn said, " our ballet is to be of" the Impressionist school. We want to show London what can be done" away from the senseless traditions of the ballet skirt with its anti=" quated poses and gesture". &amp; jg? &amp; &amp;(Mr Hahn here strikes one as a little late, for the senseless traditionswere done away with quite five or six years ago. Possibly Mr Hahndoesn't know of this. Ecco! the comic side of the bubble I)" Some quite extraordinary experiments ", he goes on, " are to be" tried with regard to the principle characters. Madame Rubenstein, who"is to represent a Hindu goddess, will probably be entirely gilded. Mi" Mijinsky the great solo dancer will dye his face, hands and legs bright" blue. The feature of the ballet will be when Madame Rubenstein," wearing her diamonds over the gilding, emerges from a huge lotus44 flower, etc, etc, etc ".g? &amp;These certainly are very extraordinary experiments, but why not makethem and keep theni in the bathroom ? Or if Madame Rubenstein, in giltand diamonds, went out to tea to the Countess of Winkleboro and M.Nijinsky, dyed blue, could be persuaded to take black coffee at the Reform Club, might not nearly as great a sensation be produced ?Why drag in the Theatre ? The answer is all too easy:... because thetheatre is sufficiently low to oblige willingly when such a proposal ismade to It and a cheque offered. The theatre is indeed becoming whatthe manager in Zola's 44 Nana " held it to be. The theatre is so low thatit cannot protect itself. Any vulgar woman or man can make it servetheir sensational purpose. js&gt; &amp;&amp; Again and again 1 give praise that the Censor rules over the Londonstage preventing further vulgarities In the name of Art. My only regretis that he is not ten times as strict as he is: that he passes these ex- hibitions of the nude on the stage; that he lets much that Is vulgarpass on the Music Hall stage.We all know perfectly well that eccentric comedians can keep thehouse in a roar of laughter without resorting to vulgarities. Dan Lenowas the most successful English comedian of his day, and avoided allvulgarity. We also know that perfect dancing is possible without adisplay of naked or semi-naked limbs. Sada Yacco was perhaps the mostperfect dancer of her day, and she avoided all such display. &amp;.&lt;2/ All these liberties taken upon the stage are ruining the stage. Letthe Censor act twice as stringently as before. Let his office be investedwith new powers, and let the modern theatre-music-hall have a chance todevelop its strength. &amp; &amp; &amp;If the Censor postpones action any longer the matter will be out ofhis hands, and the public will have to step in.... Then look out for dis- turbances 1 For there is a very large section of the public which realizesthat such licence as is allowed today in the music hall is dangerous tothe nation. &amp; &amp;The Church knows this only too well and deplores the matter. &amp; The Archbishop of Paris protested, and rightly, against the productionof 44 Saint Sebastian ". Others have supported that protest. They havebeen keen-witted enough to perceive the vast gulf which separates thisconfuseed, decadent and hysterical spectacle from those grave andsincere 44 Mysteries" of the middle ages whose title it presumes toadopt. &amp; They feel the impropriety, the bad taste, of the person of the saint being played by an actress; they resent the lowering of moral standards,the lessening of reverence towards fine traditions, which such licenceencourages.The function of a church is to protect and strengthen the noblestideals of a people, and these ideals are perpetually outraged, belittledand ridiculed in the theatre; thus moral sense becomes confused.&amp; The church does well to condemn the evil; but it should not stopthere. It should not only protest, and far more strongly, against theevil in the theatre but it should cooperate strongly and vigorously in theefforts being made for the reform of that evil. It should give its warymest support to those artists and workers who are endeavouring todrive out of the theatre that which is harmful to the nation andto introduce in its place that which shall be for the nation's moralJ&amp;J&amp;JZ?JZ?JZ?JZ/JZ/J&amp; MORE CIRCUS CLASSICS by Adolf Furst. pirst it was Reinhardt with his troupe. Dishonour to whom dishonouris due. Now it is Bonn.J&amp; The style of Direktor Bonn's production of Richard III was really nodifferent from that of Direktor Reinhardt except that it was a trifleless " artistic" and more frankly of the ring. In fact the culturedBerliners were asking each other why Reinhardt had not mounted" Edipus " and citizens on horseback. Obviously a grave omission. Direk- tor Brahm would never have forgotten it.By the way the old cry of Brahm versus Reinhardt "is still heardnow and again in the suburbs of Berlin.Brahm was before Reinhardt arrived. In Berlin these directors are allallowed an innings of about six to ten years and then they have tomake room for some one with a fresher idea of what clap-trap is. «£?Brahm was an uninteresting producer of plays just as Reinhardt isuninteresting : ... but Reinhardt was young, and they prefer young to old men here In Germany. But to suggest that we Germans have takeneither of these men seriously would be a grave error, for neither ofthem has done anything worthy of the serious consideration oithe age.Reinhardt is a good actor: that much has to be admitted; but therehis personal talent ends. He is a man without Ideas, without imagination ;he does not create, he. gets ideas from a group of playwrlters, painters,architects and dilettanti whom he invites to Ills theatre as guests.Brahm did differently. He was content to get all his Ideas from hisexperience as journalist, as the reader and writer of much that wastalked about when Ibsen first gave theatrical journalism new things tothink about.Brahm was dull but never vulgar. Reinhardt adds this second qualityto the first. I have heard so much about him lately that 1 was once moreconstrained to visit his theatre and see whether the reports were true.&amp; I went to see the second part of " Faust ". •&amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; There Is nothing to be said. It was only what the English call\44 Shocking " .... shocking bad taste, shocking pretension. &amp; &amp;j0 Indeed I prefer Brahm. He was only dull. But I think Bonn Is thebest of ail for no one can call Bonn dull or pretentious. He only dealsin the 44 theatrical ", and a bad but frank theatricality is better than thedry journalistic seriousness of a Brahm or the pretentious artisticness ofa Reinhardt. 44 TO SAVE THE THEATRE THE THEATRE MUST BE DESTROYED, THE44 ACTORS AND ACTRESSES MUST ALL DIE OF THE PLAQUE: THEY44 POISON THE AIR, THEY MAKE ART IMPOSSIBLE. Madame Eleanora Duse. SOME EARLY ITALIAN WOODCUTS.A Note upon their Use to Modern SceneDesigners by Felix Urban. "La Compagnla del Mantellacefe" Engraved about 1500 Pram the Sacra Rappresentazione of Sta. Eufrosina. A Scene from a "Sacra Rappresentazione". 15th Century Engraving. Prom The "Flores Poetarnm". Prom the "Contrasto di Carnevale e Quaresima". From the "Fior di Virtù" 1498. Prem Lorenzo del Medici's "La Nencia da Barbarino". A Florentine Engraving from the story of Ippolito Boon delmooto and Dianora daBardi, think it was Mr Allen Carrie who was the first to bringbefore readers of The Mask the Italian woodcut and topoint out its value to the modern scene designer. MrOordon Craig has also touched once or twice on this subject. 1 am therefore to some extent poaching. I hope however both theseartists will let this acknowledgement stand as my apology, moreespecially since I practically leave the designs to speak for themselves andsav only what is essential. &gt;£? JG/I offer eight wood engravings of the fifteenth century for yourconsideration. &amp;g? My reason for selecting these particular cuts is not that they do notcontain a line too much or a line too little, for that would be to Judgethem as the things they obviously are, that is to say, as woodcuts for illustrating some stories. But it may be easily admitted thatgood things serve more than one purpose, and the settings or backgioundsof these wood cuts are good enough to act for me as ideal examples ofstage scenery, scenery without a thing too much or too little in it.1 suggest that nowhere else are such good lessons to be found ;and the fact that they do not contain features to be found in modernstage scenery in no wise weakens my suggestion. &amp;&amp; The first thing which strikes one as absent is detail.in the cut facing page 48, for instance, we have a room in whichseven young men and a dog are gathered. Look at the walls, windowsand ceiling. The artist was one of those our modern cynics are pleasedto call 44 post-Impressionists "or 44 symbolists "or some such phrase,meaning it as a term of reproach. 1 regret that 1 am obliged to remindyou at this moment of the existence of the cynics, but they crop uptoday in such numbers and in such unexpected places that we haveevery reason at all times nowadays to fear their unpleasant suggestionsand to be prepared for their ungenerous attacks.&amp; Anything which takes them off their guard, anything which they cannot understand in the works of younger masters of modern art is dubbed bvthem " post impressionistic " or " symbolistic " or " eccentric ", andwhen they have finished with the work of the young masters we mavexpect them to attempt to take the side out of the old masters. •£&gt; They have before this probably laughed over these my wood engra=vings which I bring to your notice. &amp; &amp;But to return to more interesting matters to the wall,windows and ceiling shown in the design on page &amp;&amp; There are none of the usual details which attach themselves to walls,windows and ceilings because these usual details are insignificant thingssuch as cracks in the wall, damp marks, tones of all kinds, reflections,and so forth, and are a nuisance. jg? jg? &amp; In like manner windows as a rule have gratings or shutters or frames,or light comes through them ; but our old artist has refused to troubleabout these things, (devilish post-impressionistic, eh ?) and has pleasedhimself and put in two windows plain and simple, windows for windows'sake. What eccentricity» what affectation! &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;The ceiling is, like all Florentine ceilings, made of small cross beams.But where are the shadows ? Don't you miss them ? Don't you feel youare insulted by the artist having omitted all shadows ? How can it be awork of art without proper legal shadows ? &amp; &amp; &amp;There is nothing more to tell you about this design, taken as a scenedesign. Alt you have to do is to study it well, noticing what 1 have pointedout to you, and try to recreate in your imagination the state of mindof the artist. What was he thinking about ? Was he frightened of any- thing?.... of the critics, of the purchasers, of what Florentine Smithwould say, or even of Florence herself? Do you think he gave a thoughtto the " Daily Mail "of the times or dreaded the cynical sneer of theBeerbohm Tree of the period ? 1 think not. But do you think he ranfoul of his employer ?On the contrary, his employer ordered moresuch cuts. &amp; jg&gt; Let us turn to l,is next. What is to be said of it ? Well, I cannotkeep on repeating myself about simplicity, absense of detail, but I askyou to look at the whole set of woodcuts and see how free from detailhow satisfactory they are. That is all there is to say about them. And can you put these on the stage ?&amp; No, hut you can If you study well put a like simplicity there.Managers trade in that word 44 simplicity " and fall in the achievementof It, 44 I am going to produce my next play with great simplicity " isthe pathetic announcement of the great man. He knows he can't besimple so he talks about it. &amp; Of the origin of the cuts themselves 1 can here give but thebriefest notes, interesting though tlje historical study of themwould be.That facing page 54 is a scene from one of the44 Sacre Rappresentazlonl "(1) and the following one from the Rappresentazlone of Santa Eufrosin*.That facing page 48 is from Lorenzo de Medici's 44 La Compagnia delMantellaccio " and Is from a book printed about 1500 by Bernardo Zuc- chetta, while the one on page 55 Is from Lorenzo's 44 La Nencia da Bar- berino Of the two designs on page 51 the one of a man at table and awoman roasting a fowl is from the 44 Contrast between Carnival andLent " while the lower one is from the 44 Fior di Virtu " (Flower ofVirtue) printed in 1498 by Francesco Buonacorsi and Antonio Veneziano.The design on page 49 is from the 44 Flores Poetarum, (1492) and thefast from the story of Ippolito Buondelmonte and Dianora dei Bardi.But, whatever the subject, the leading characterestic of all theseengravings Is the same, ..., that simplicity of idea which is the firstgreat need of scenery. So obvious a need is it that it is strange howcontinually it is overlooked by those who design stage scenes. Yet considerfor a moment. If you want to tell someone a story you tell it as simplyas possible. If you want to state a fact in a letter you make it asdirect as possible. You confine youself, In fact, to the history you areabout to tell or to the fact you have to relate. .If while tellingthis fact or relating this story you begin to drag in other stories orother facts you fall iit your intention which Is to make an impressionupon your hearer. And so It is with the scenery of a theatre. The sceneryIs not put there to tell the story but perhaps to fill up the gaps, for Itis the poet who tells the story and the actors who interpret that story.Therefore the scene must not interrupt. And as perfect examples of this 1 can suggest nothing better than the scenes of these old Italianengravers, which are certainly not bare uninteresting places but whichyet act to perfection the part of listener to the tale. If something of the simplicity which characterises all these designscould be regained in the theatre the favourite boast of the Managersthat they are going to produce " with great simplicity " would no longerbe as empty as it is pathetic; but the change will have to be an internalnot an external one, be fundamental and not only superficial; for theseold designers did not sit down saying " I will produce a simple design"they merely gave expression to the spirit which was in themselves.Nor is the importance of this return to simplicity in stage sceneryconfined to its artistic aspect. It is one of national moment owing to theresult exercised on the mind of the spectator by what is set upon thestage. Possibly the English gentleman does not often go to the theatretoday, but his wife goes; and he would do well to consider how muchthe gaudy chattering plays, actors and scenes are responsible for thegaudiness of her dress next month, the fussiness of her ways next weekand the chattering of her tongue next day.The Influence of the theatre is enormous and its influence Is not somuch in the subject treated as in the way that subject is treated. "Romeoand Juliet" may be either a delightful and refreshing story or it may bemade the most rubbishy commonplace sentimental novellette that wasever told. All depends upon the way it is treated,... all. And even if theactors are as good as may be wished, if the scenes are fussy and thecostumes flimsy a fussy and flimsy atmosphere is created, and that at- mosphere absorbed by the audience and carried home and spread allround the house. Let the same spectator visit twenty such productionsand at the end of three or four months the nerves of the household willbe all upset... a misfortune which occurs with regularity in very manyfamilies of today. &amp; J&amp;&amp; The English gentleman, with his grand commonsense will do well tolook into this matter even as he looks into the matter of the defence ofhis home and country from invaders ; for what is the good of defendingEngland if the Beauty and Life of England has already been stolenaway JZ? J0 (I) Ao Article on these " Sacre Rappreeentazlonl " will appear in a future number of " The Mask Ed. LETTERS TO THE EDITOR. Sir. Jn your last number you touched upon the performance of "Salome" bythe New Players' Society at the Court Theatre "in defiance of the Censor".T*1® cho'ce of the play was curiously ingenuous, for " Salome " herselfis the symbol of all those who cry aloud for the removal of the Censor. &amp;The play has been acted many times in Germany, Hungary, Russiaand elsewhere and has had a regrettable influence on the period. &amp;&amp; The play also acts as a flaming poster for drawing the attention of thePublic to the inadvisability of permitting women to parade their frailtieson the stage under the guise of High Art, a practise which is regrettablyupon the increase and is finding its climax in the nude dances and " bathroom ' scenes so popular upon the stage todays cheap trash must flourish and increase so long as the Censor'shands are tied and that they are so is obvious, or how could theseAmateur Societies « defy" with Impunity an authority so important toour well-being as a nation ? FaithfullyEdwin J. Burin Sir.I think that perhaps the following extract from the dark archives of" the Green Room Book " will interest your readers: *&amp; " TREE, Herbert Beerbohm, actor manager ; was born London,&lt;&lt; Dec. 17,1853. second son of Julius Beerbohm a London merchant" and Constantia Draper (grandson of Herr Ernst Beerbohm, landed" Proprietor and timber merchant of Bernsteinbruch, on the Baltic;" and ncphew of Qeneral von Unruh) etc, etc. Joined the Irrationals" Amateur Dramatic Society "• &amp;&amp; It is therefore a German gentleman who is President of the TheatricalManagers' Association of Great Britain. &amp; This should be a source of pleasure and encouragement to «• us Ger- mans", and a guarantee of future success to the English stage: and althoughThe Mask is anti-German in its tendency it will perhaps admit that whatSir Herbert Beerbohm Tree has done for the English stage has been donewith true German sincerity. Yours faithfullyHeinrich Klinkenstein. BOOK REVIEWS. LAFCADIO HEARN IN JAPAN:by Yone Noguchi: El kin Matthews. London. J. S. jfy|r Noguchi has sent me a bookwhich 1 shall very often remem- ber to take down from its shelf. Justto hold it in the hand is pleasant,so light it is, so cool its lemonyellow cover to the eye, and as oneswiftly turns all the leaves by onethumb movement, one is remindedof the waves which roll upon theshore at Yaldzu.£? What is the word which bestdescribes this little book ? I thinkit is " distinction and It is distinc- tion which we pride ourselves InEngland on possessing. Ours is sodifferent though. Ours is a distingui- shed lacquer rather than somethingfrom under that which is under theskin. Ours is so rude that we drive aLafcadlo fleam or a Shelley intoremote lands where true naturaldistinction waits to welcome them. if after we have killed them wewrite about them we are particularto prove how undistinguished we are." It is perfectly appalling to44 observe In the Western countries44 that when anyone dies his friends44 have to rush to print his private44 letters and even an unexpected44 person volunteers to speak as44 his best friend and presumes to44 write his biography. " &amp; &amp;Mr Noguchi might have saidmore. He tells us that in theEast 44 personality is not talked44 about so much, and gossip is only44 a little short of crime, and44 silence is poetry and virtue, (We44 never talk of Hearn's personality44 here; it Is enough to have his44 books). " &amp; &amp;1 like very much the chapterin which Mr Otani, Hearn's literaryassistant for a short while, setsdown a few facts relating to hisservice to his master. It has Jus* that same distinction as the rest ofthe book,... is full of love.... a rarequality In an assistant. How puffedup a Westerner would have how he would have ruffled hisfeathers to show that, without hisassistance, the master would havebeen nothing! Pupils of Europe,take a lesson from Mr Otani! Atsome future date 1 hope to havethe privilege of reprinting MrOtani's words.Then there is a delightful chapterby Mrs liearn. But I think the best/of the book is somewhere betweenpages 8o and 104, wherein thewriter tells us of Mr liearn at Yaidzuby the sea, of his great swimmingand how the one thousand fivehundred fisherman wondered: ofthe life led by the Fuji mountainworshippers, of their grief whenHearn died, of how the Idol withouthead or arms was to have bothagain, and of how the law of MamaSan was obeyed in silence by all. MASKS AND MINSTRELS OFNEW GERMANY, byPollard. John Luce. Boston U.S.A.'"phis book is all about those fearfullabourers of Art, the Germans. Itis a very full book and Mr Pollardis enthusiastic about his subject whichhe has obviously studied only too well. Mr Arthur Symons has writtenabout German Art and we thinkeveryone will be the wiser forstudying carefully what he says. JZ? "Strauss is the on!y decadent in" music, and he has tried to debauch" music, as Stuck has tried to de- " bauch painting, and as Klinger has" tried to debauch sculpture, for the"satisfaction of a craving which is not" simple, sensuous, and passionate'," but elaborate, intellectual and44 frigid. The whole tendency of44 modern German art is summed up44 in his tone=poems, and it is a44 tendency towards an orgy of the" brain, at once idealistic and gross,44 a perversity which proceeds from&lt;4 impotence, and culminates in that44 emphasis which is worse than vice4 because it is vulgar. " &amp;Anyone who likes vulgarity willget it in Mr Pollard's book. This isnot Mr Pollard's fault but hismisfortune. Germany attracted him.It does not attract us. J&amp;Mr Pollard only needs a moredistinguished subject and he willwrite a famous book. As it is hewrites with vigour and that is thefirst and best quality. After thatperhaps comes distinction. But whois there who could write of Bierbaumwith Distinction ? This is Bierbaum'sstyle: '* 1' ve been appointed ", hedeclared, " to amuse Berlin Into44 artistic life, but not to bore it44 with literature. The object of our" Hall Is to do away with the last44 vestiges of interest in all this44 literature of yours. We want to44 make the people of Berlin truly44 aesthetic. There are still people44 here who read books. That's got44 tO Stop. j£&gt;&amp; 44 There's more of the lyric44 in the lace drawers of my sou- 44 brettes than In all your printed44 works; and when once the time44 is come that I can let them dance44 without any drawers at all, even44 you will realize that it is superflu- 44 ous to write any other verses than44 those sung on our stage. Beautiful44 clothes, beautiful arms, busts,44 legs, gestures, those are what44 count. Evolve dances for me;44 create pantomime; solve me the44 problem of emancipation from44 tights.... those are the things I44 need. 44 And if you absolutely have44 to write verses, don't forget they44 must be sung by beautiful girls44 whose corsets do not embrace the44 void ".And we don't like this style ofunder-wear,.:. when worn as anovercoat, &amp; THE DRAMATIC AUTHOR'SCOMPANION. Mills Boon.Two shillings and sixpence.Jfyi essrs Mills and Boon have nowdone for the Dramatic Authorwhat they had already done for theNurse, the Chauffeur, the Gardener,Lady Motorist, Golfer, Rifleman,Poultry-keeper and Bee-keeper: thatis to say, they have found a Compa- nion for him..3? Without all the disappointmentsattendant upon the matrimonialagency Messrs Mills and Boon actas caterers to the long felt wantsof the artists in Patients, Pigeonsand Plays for companions. And surelytoday the Dramatic Author mustfeel his loneliness even more acutelythan either the Bee-keeper or thekeeper of Poultry, and we maysay that the Companion found forthe Dramatic Author by Messrs Millsand Boon is an ideal person. He iswife, counseller, friend, perhapsmore than a mother to him. Byfollowing his advice anyone withgenius can add that necessary dash ofcommonsense which the Companionsays is as desirable as it is rare.Altogether Messrs Mills and Boonhave found the Dramatic Authoran ideal Companion But I wouldlike just to see all these companionsof Beekeeper, Nurse, Chauffeur, Gar- dener and Pood Reformer gatheredtogether and hear them all talking44 shop " ! MODERN DRAMATISTSAshley Dukes. Frank Palmer.HPhe author seems to considerconsistency a • great virtue and,In the attempt to be consistent atany price, is obliged to sell hishouse and all.&amp; He writes of the dramatists asthough he knew. What the drama- tists will say about it heavenknows. &amp;These dramatists according toMr Dukes are no dramatists at all.They are men who first of all havesomething to say against drink,prisons, dishonest ship-owners,women, the aristocracy, etc, andto whom it Is quite a secondarymatter how they say it. &amp;We had always hoped that dra- matists were to be grouped withthe seers, but Mr Dukes shows usclearly that these dramatists of hisare pretty human and fond of no- thing so much as a good cackle.ug? Holding the old theory that theTheatre is for a maximum amountof action and a minimum of wordswe think Mr Dukes has demonstratedthat these dramatists are certainlytnot of or for the Theatre.We were quite aware that the dramatists were full of faults, espe- cially that huge unforgiveable oneof preaching, but we have seldomhad the evidence of this fact sowell gathered together and soconvincingly stated.Por Mr Dukes takes it for gran- ted from the first that the wholesoul of the dramatist is bent onteaching:.... not that he praises orblames them for this but that hetakes It so for granted that hisreaders will surely believe that thegood dramatist must be a teacherand a preacher before all things andan artist or seer secondarily if at all.It is this conviction which standsout in Mr Dukes's work whereaswhat the different men are as artistsis not even suggested. &amp;j&amp; The two greatest artists amongmodern European playwrights areYeats and Synge. These he omitsto mention and the excuse he givesthat 44 Relevance may be a greatervirtue than completeness " is quiteinadequate.&amp; Perhaps however he has done wellto omit these two, for it is obviousthat Yeats and Synge would notbehave well in company with thoselong-faced moralists of the Order ofthe White Tie, with Shaw, Brieux,Barker, Heljermanns and Co.Synge and Yeats are like two tipsy tinkers, drunk with great draughtsof beauty: the others are like soberclergymen with the usual which clergymen have for the foot- lights, sipping thimblefulls of com- monsense, unecstatic. At least this isthe impression Mr Dukes's bookmakes upon us. J&amp; And Mr Dukes himself seems likesome kindly verger who goes beforethese staid gentlemen and whisperstheir hankering into the ear of thedoor-keeper. ■£? •The Theatre is In no hurry tofollow false prophets and thesepreaching men are not fond of theTheatre as Theatre but merely be- cause it provides them with a littleVexcitement.£? The Theatre contains the mate- rials of an art which is neither lite- rary, pictorial nor musical. Thisfact has been stated by Mr GordonCraig who has given his life to thestudy: therefore books like this oneby Mr Ashley Dukes seem quitefutile. £?■£? Mr Dukes says that he has per- ceived a real awakening of the Thea- tre to be taking place and that hehas accordingly brought a few white- tied preachers to the stage door inthe hope that something may turnup for them. The Theatre will ofcourse handle these gentlemen as it has for centuries handled play- wrights ready to make twenty percent out of it but not to lose a pennyin its rightful cause. MEMOIRS AND IMPRESSIONSOF Mme. MODJESKA, Mac mil- iars. Price Seventeen shillings net.In this book Madame Modjeskatells of her work, her triumphs, herpublic and private life, and in thetelling reveals, perhaps unconscious- ly, but as does each actress whogives us tise Story of her Life, thecolossal blunder which has been com- mitted in ever permitting women toappear upon the stage. We havespoken often of the harm done tothe art by the practise; here wehave proof from an actress's ownwritings of how great and inevitableIs the loss to the woman herself;" No, no, 44wrote Madame Mod- " jeska " a public life is not fit" for a women! Some one said,44 The happiest woman is the one of44 whom nothing good and nothing44 bad can be said. " Who knows44 how much truth is in these words,44 and whether any woman should44 seek for happiness outside of her44 home, which seems to be the44 proper place for her. There she44 reigns, Her life Is inaccessible to44 human curiosity. But a woman 44 who has dared to raise her head44 above the others, who has exten- " ded her eager hand for laurels,44 who has not hesitated to expose" and throw to the crowds all that44 her soul possessed of love, despair44 and passion, that woman has44 given the right to the curious44 multitude to interfere in her44 private affairs, to rummage in the44 most secret recesses of her life,44 to count her very heart's pulsa- 44 tions ", and, she concludes, 44 at44 last an invincible horror fills our44 soul towards that pillory called the44 Stage ", and a great doubt rises44 in our mind. Was it worth while44 to give all that we had of the44 best of ourselves to the world, in44 order to obtain as a reward a44 momentary applause followed by44 a cup of bitternessAnd again;44 In the old Roman times they44 used to throw prisoners to the44 lions. I threw all that was best of44 me to the hungry crowds, but44 they still ask for more, and I am*4 so poor, so poor, that there Is not44 enough of feeling left IK me to44 give me comfort in everyday life.These extracts speak for them- selves and we offer them for theconsideration especially of the youn- ger actresses who step forward so confidently and rashly to a work Inwhich they have much to lose forthemselves and nothing of value togain for the art they profess to serve. INTERPRETERS OF LIFEArchibald Henderson MitchellKennerly. New York. Price oneand a half dollars net. &amp;Jhe " Interpreters" selected byMr Henderson for discussion areGeorge Meredith, Oscar Wilde,Maurice Maeterlinck, Henrik Ibsenand George Bernard Shaw, but thewhole seems to be too much theresult of reading books upon thesubject and restating the opinionsas well as the facts. Mr Hendersonhas nothing original to give us; hemerely dishes up for other cooks.At times his method betrays- him, as, for instance, in his obser- vations on the work of M. Stani=»slawski and Mr Herbert Trench.He appears to have formed hisopinions in this case fron newspaperreports and not to have covered histraces sufficiently carefully, for heaccords the same meed of praise tothe latter as to the former, testingboth by their production of thesame play. In fact his idea of M.Stanislawsky, whom he describes as" the greatest of living stage mana- gers, " (this alone proves Mr Hen- derson to know little abQut the leading men in the European Theatreof today), is nicely guaged for uswhen we read his' estimate of MrTrench on the following page.The essay on Ibsen is Interestingas is some of the informationgathered together about Wilde who'* always affirmed that he respected" life too deeply ever to discuss it" seriously". &amp;But as we close Mr Henderson'svolume we wonder a little howmuch of if would have been givento us had Mr Henderson locked hislibrary, dropped the key downthe well, countermanded his dailypaper, and relied on his own eyesand brains, for his ideas. We wouldsuggest the experiment to him inwriting his next book. It may bea tenth the size of this, but. ....It might have ten times theweight. jg? THE GOLDEN AGE OF EN- GRAVING by Frederick ReppelBaker Taylor Co:U. S. A. Pricethree and a half dollars net.Ml r Keppel has chosen a most in- teresting subject for his bookwhich bears evidence of long studyand casual research and should proveof value to students and collectorsand to all who appreciate the " Noblehuman labour of the Engraver " ascompared with the mechanical pro- cesses of pictorial reproduction oftoday.The volume is well bound andprinted, and contains two hundredand sixty two illustrations showingthe progress of the art from theyear 1465 to the year 1910. A HISTORY OF JAPANESECOLOUR PRINTS .litz. &amp; Heinemann, Price twentyfive shillings net. &amp;'"Phis book contains many finereproductions of Japanese platesand the actors and actresseshave much to learn from theirstudy. &amp;We would draw attention espe- cially to those which show actorsin female parts, since each of thesefigures is worth any amount ofargument upon the desirability, theabsolute necessity to the art of thetheatre, of replacing women by menupon the stage. &amp;jg? There are some people who willnever believe until they see. Weadvise them to study these picturesand we feel assured that they willthen no longer doubt or questionthe truth of what has been so manytimes repeated in The Mask.... thatwomen must withdraw from thestage and leave it finally and exclu- sively to men if the theatre is to besaved. &amp; JAPANESE ART by LaurenceBlnyon. T. Fisher Unwin. Fiveshillings net. E. E. Trills book has the distinction andscholarly tone which we expect...and find... in all to which Mr Blnyonputs his hand. It includes among itsmany fine plates some especially inte- resting ones of the Japanese Theatre.STRUGGLES AND VICTORIESby Yvette Guilbert and H.Simpson, JS? Mills and Boon.Price ten shillings and sixpence.TPhe life of Yvette Guilbert is nei=ther more nor less extraordinarythan that of any woman ot like fibre.The pity is that there are so few.We see them sometimes seated onthe throne, sometimes on a doorstep;sometimes they pass before us onthe stage or in a drawingroom.Courage is their prime quality, andto that is added grace or distinction,brilliance or strength, never vulga- rlty or malice.Yvette Guilbert Is exactly such awoman ; never vulgar, never mali- cious; always striving like fire to bejust and like fire burning up in theflame of this desire all that is not pureenough to stand the heat.That she is also a great actressIs a detail, and certainly it in no waydetracts from her great personalverity. This can be said of but few women. When women become ac=tresses they become something false.1 have said that Madame YvetteGuilbert is a great actress. I saidso because people tell me so. Everyone tells me so. Some say the grea«test actress. JZ?I challenge this. She could not bepossessed of that flaming desire tobe just and sincere and be an actressat the same time,... no, not even thegreatest actress.&amp; I think I would prefer to call hera poet, and if I may be allowed todo so 1 will. &amp;She creates, and that which shecreates is poetry,., a kind of poetry.Like Shakespeare and most of thegreat dramatists she takes some ragof verse or story and emblazons uponit the names of many victories wonby the proud and the brave over themean and the cowardly. This is herbanner woven by her own hands.She is certainly a poet,,., a fightingpoet. She is certainly no actress,....actresses never fight for a cause:they squabble for personal fame....and hate all causes, all principles.And they hate their " Art". Theproof of this lies in their taking toflight, in their deserting the guns«»when the bullets begin to fly.JS/ In this book Madame Yvette Or* bert tells the story of her early IIfe;A the whole tale is of a long fight andshe does not tell how easy it wouldhave been for her to give in andwin a different success by usingdifferent weapons. That remains yetfor some one to do. *£?It is Madame Yvette Guilbert'sdistinction not to have compromised,not to have accepted quarter, not tohave acted off the stage, not to haveacted at ail and yet to be on thestage all the time. It is nothing shortof gigantic in its loveliness.This has been Madame YvetteGuilbert's lovely past; we can wit- ness her present, now for the future.What is that to be ? She. willfight; she must; she will never settledown although happily married to afine man and with all good thingsaround her; she is sure to fight. &amp;&amp; For this we salute her. She Is allwe admire most; she as that whichfights against all that Is mean, uglyand vulgar: against that vast Re- bellion of man and woman who sinagainst Nature and God ...in being small. &amp; &amp; A HISTORY OF PAINTING byHaldane Mac Fall. Eight Vols:1 • G. &amp; E. C. Jack, Priceseven shillings and sixpence netvolume. *&amp; jg?' Preface to this 44 History ofiting, of which four volumes have reached us, Mr Brangwyn thepainter tells us that Mr MacPallhas said the right thing about Artand Its relation to Life. Mr MacPallhimself in his Foreword says " In" these pages I have simply written44 of the greater men of genius who" have contributed to the Art of44 painting; and 1 have touched upon44 their more famous works rather44 than attempted an exhaustive list44 of their endeavour, the which has44 no value save to the dealer in44 antiques. The volumes are an at- 44 tempt to place before the ordinary44 man the chief achievement of the44 years in the Art of Painting; and44 to hint at something of the real44 significance of that achievement".And again, 44 I give you no fantastic44 pedant's balderdash about 44tactiie44 values" or 44 space composition";44 about your 44 vasamotor system "44 or 44 the materially significant "44 or your 44 ideated sensations ". Itis, in fact, a book for the44 ordinary man " and he is very44 grateful.There are maps and charts in thevolumes and many many reproducetlons In colour of the master piecesof painting.The author tells us that all Artis an 44 overwhelming need, that itis no luxury, the need is not allied to the other need for diversion ".The moment Art becomes a luxuryor a mere diversion it is in decay "says he; which is, as we understandit, a great truth, but not the wholetruth. It is likely that the wholetruth will only be quite evident tothe great masters. £?£? Mr MacFall has written a bookwhich for many reasons should bevery popular; and belongs by deedof gift to "the ordinary man" sinceit is with the consciousnes that thisman is his reader that Mr Macfailwrites. J£&gt;This is a good thing to have done;a bold thing too, for we too oftentoday give up the " ordinary man"as hopeless. j&amp; Mr MacFall's book is good sense,and more, is readable. It is Historymade romantic; It is the pyramid offacts with the sun on it. Of howmany books on the History of Pain- ting can that be said ? Some onlywant facts and dates. Blake isamongst those who are satisfiedwith Just that; but some want more.They get it from Mr MacFall. The history is an enormous un- dertaking and is evidently the workof a lifetime, and, though we of TheMask are all for Dates and Facts,and Dates and Facts alone, IF weare to have opinions let them be of the kind Mr MacFall gives us andnot those generally imposed upon usin Histories of Art, for his are givenwith gusto, ...and that's everything.The other Art writers are a bit dry,and you know this when you cometo read Mr MacFall. £? THE PLAY BOY OF THE WES- TERN WORLD, by J. M. Synge.Maunsell. Dublin. Price half acrown net.new Edition, admirable for thedistinction of its format and style,of Synge's Masterpiece. -2? SIX SMALL BOOKS OF PLAYS*from Maunsell, Dublin, at Oneshilling or sixpence each.these plays, two " The Jackdaw''and "The Image" are by Lady Gre- gory. The former especially is admi- rable.... simple, most amusing, alto- gether charming..others are respectively "False- ly True " by Johanna Redmond;" The Cross Roads " by S. L. Robin- son; "Birthright" by T. C. Murray,and " The Troth " and "The Drone"by Rutherford Mayne. £?All of these are good, and as weknow that Synge's plays are superband Yeats's plays are even finer wefeel that the Irish Theatre is safe asSt Patrick. MAGAZINE REVIEWS. E. E. T"*he English Review has onegreat good quality,.... courage. Isthis enough to justify us in express- ing admiration for it? It has otherqualities also, for amongst its writersare Joseph Conrad, Yoshio Mashino,O. S. Street, Maxim Gorki, Wells,and Newbolt. ££7 True, every one does not likeConrad, Wells and the others ; yetevery one does like courage andwhen criticising a journal are we tojudge by what everyone likes or bywhat the few like ?£7 Take, for instance, the Nine- teenth Century and After. No onecould exactly call it over-bold, and%some would not even call it coura- geous. Among its writers we findthe names of Andrew Carnegie, MrBram Stoker, the Duchess of Marl- borough, Professor E. C. Clark : but then everyone does not likethese writers and everyone hatescaution which has become timidity.£7 Again, there is a new magazinecalled The Irish Review with ItsIrish names lending grace to itspages. And there is the Conservatorfrom America. £? £7£7 All these journals have a greatdeal to say about a great many dif- ferent subjects and one wonders whocan be found to have a hot interest In all of these subjects, or even insix of them or four of them, or eventwo of them. j£7 In many people's opinion the" Conservator" would seem to dobest in keeping to one subject, foras these are all very serious journalsthe idea must be scouted that theyhave no fixed belief about anything.Yet 1 felt a suggestion of this theother day when giving myself therelaxation of reading the much aboutthe many things these four Journalscontained. And 1 could not honestlysay with which journal's views 1agreed, for, except in the case ofthe 44 Conservator ", I failed to findany unshakeable belief in any ofthem. £7 £7 £&gt;£7 For the rest, the "English Review"Is very courageous and alive, the44 Nineteenth Century " very timidand rather shaky, and the 44 IrishReview " less Irish than one mighthave hoped.£7 Well then, what was left to meout of the confusion of tongues ? Afew Individuals were left;.. Artists.Conrad with his genius,... one withwhom one likes to be; Lady Pagetand her graceful young way ofwriting about old times and oldfriends; Street and his gaiety... Andlittle more. And so it comes that, in spite of prejudice, 1 find myself• l' '•hailing the " Conservator " as the best of the bunch because of itspurpose, its deadly earnestness. £?j&amp; I do not care a scrap that it sooften tries to speak in the mannerpersonal to Walt. Whitman, for the44 Nineteenth Century " writersmostly write in a queer style bor- rowed from the minority. If Traubelof the 44 Conservator " has no per- sonality of his own, no more havethese "Nineteenth Century" writers,and to imitate a god is just as wiseas to imitate a member of the Re- form Club. The first shows courageand belief,... and possibly conceit,but the second reveals nothing buttimid herd behaviour. So in spite ofeverything, 1 end by finding the4' Conservator " the best, and forthat one quality only,... that courageof belief. &amp;And having that, dear 44 Conser- vator get all the rest and don'tdespise them. Cut away from theoften too exaggerated and meaning- less echo of the voice of WaltWhitman ; you get nothing from itand we lose much. Don't tell us toomany times what love Is and thatyou really do love us and everyoneand everything because we knowit; we take it for granted ; but singsometimes so that we feet It. Or write a word or two instead of athousand in praise of something sothat we too may feel like agreeingwith you. In short, leave somethingunsaid.... don't say it all, becauseit makes the other people in theroom feel such fools, and so out ofit all.&amp; 1 can go to church to hear oneman talking, but when friends aretogether they all talk a little.Of course I should not say thisif you were Euclid or Vitruvius orWilbur Wright, because we mustalways listen to the specialist. Butyou write about Love, God, Demo- cracy, Kings, Struggles and the restand everyone knows as much andas little about these things as youdo. Then let us all rather say aslittle as possible about them until we are specialists. have received a copy ofCamera Work, a quarterlyissued by Alfred Stieglit#, 4 Madi- son Avenue, New York, and a veryremarkable book it must make atthe end of a year. &amp;The number we have receivedcontains some good photographs byCraig Annan, a fine reproduction ofan etching by Gordon Craig and tworemarkable reproductions of draw- ings by Henri Matisse. The letter press is also vivid and independent.Alfred Stieglitz in conjunctionwith his friend Eduard Steichenhas given New York a small Artdallery. It is said to be second tonone in the city. There may be seenthe works of Cezanne, Rodin, Mat- isse, Picasso, Nadelman, Craig,Toulouse, Lautrec and others. There Is an Interesting littlePreface to a catalogue of the worksof Elie Nadelman which is too goodnot to reprint: Mr Nadelman writes:44 1 am asked to explain my draw- 44 ings. 1 will try to do so, although44 form cannot be described. Modern44 artists are ignorant of true44 forms of art. They copy nature,44 try to imitate it by any possible44 means, and their works are44 tographic reproductions not44 works of art. They are works44 without style and wtthout unity.44 It is form in itself, not resem- 44 blance to nature, which gives us44 pleasure In a work of art. 44 But what is this true form of44 art ? It is significant and abstract,44 i. e., composed of geometrical44 elements.&amp; " Here is how I realize it. 144 employ no other line than the44 curve, which possesses freshness44 and force. 1 compose these curves44 so as to bring them in accord or " in opposition to one another* In" that way I obtain the life of" form, 1. e., harmony. In that way" I intend that the life of the work" should come from within itself." The subject of any work of art is" for me nothing but a pretext for" creating significant form, relations" of forms which create a new" life that has nothing to do with" life in nature, a life from which" art Is born, and fromwhich spring" style and unity. &amp;** Prom significant form conies" style, from relations of form, i. e.," the necessity of playing one form*' against another, comes unity. 1" leave it to others to judge of the" importance of so radical a change" in the means used to create a" work of art." &amp;Nadelman repeats what has beensaid by the Oods since the yearOne ; he thinks his statement new,...and it is new in so far as theeternal is never old; and a newbelief In eternity is surely original.It is only the incessant expressionof a disbelief In the eternal truthswhich is so tedious and utterlydepraved. This belief is uttereddally by the heads of Royal Acade- mies, the Literary Lions and theTheatrical Tabbies. &amp;No less good in another way h the article by B. de Casseres on" Decadence and Mediocrity" inwhich he champions and vindicatesthe artist who " stalks through theworldweaving his filaments of beautyinto concrete Images and ideas"and holds up to ridicule the " CandyKids of art and the " cabals ofmediocrity". &amp; 'T'/re Century Magazine continuesto have lots of good things in it.Most interesting of all are SignorGuglielmo Ferrero's " Women ofthe Caesars " series.The Mask alone of all Journalshas said that woman is a danger tothe theatre and that . before thestage can lay claim once more toits art women will have to leave Itsboards. Signor Ferrero shows thatliberty for woman is a danger to thestate:" Although it is a hard, cruel" plainly iniquitous thing to deprive" a woman of liberty and subject" her to a regime of tyranny in order" to constrain her to live for the" race and not for herself, yet when" liberty is granted "her to live for" herself, to satisfy her personal" desires, she abuses that liberty" more readily than a man does," and more than a man forgets her" duties towards the race. "Woman looks upon the theatre in the same selfish spirit as shelooks upon the earth; as a meansfor satisfying her own personal gra- tification. &amp; This is well known, and beingso should be guarded against.Nor is the spectacle of youngboys aping the female sex a thing tobe desired. Yet at Oxford and Cam- bridge and in the American Collegeshave such young fools ever beenfound ? Indeed not; and whenever aman has played the role of a womanhe has invested it with all thequalities which he as man imagineswoman to bo possessed of and hasrobbed it of all its sensuality. If hedoes not simulate the heaving bosomor the tear-stained visage it Is onlythat he would have it held untruethat woman is merely a crazy senti- mental animal of little moods andno aspiration..&lt;£? Primavera, a monthly journalpublished In Rome, of which we havereceived six numbers, Is really rathergood, the February number beingdevoted entirely to the Italian corn- media and &amp;&amp; Another young journal is theLicorne which conies from Antwerp.A good deal of enthusiasm hasevidently gone to its making and weshall be glad to see It again. Itsaddress is 13 Rue Longue Neuve. FOREIGN NOTES STRATFORD ON AVON. L. C. ft is always a pleasure to seeMiss Ellen Terry here at our poorFestival, and when, dressed like apilgrim in white, she moved throughthe streets of our town this springit was like a dream. jgr &amp;Her lecture was admirable andbeautiful, it Is a pity she did notcome here and act all the Shake- speare roles with Irving. We havenever had any 'serious Festival hereand for this reason never a trulygay one except from the student'spoint of view, and a very littleexcitement makes him intoxicated.Mr Benson is serious enough butin so different a way from what onee xpects with Shakespeare as theme.Shakespeare was neither provin- cial nor metropolitan. (How metre- politan Sir Herbert Tree, is to besure!) jgf £?Our good Mayor does much togive happiness, and all the dwellersin the town, writers, printers,painters and even Hotel keepers doall they can. jgr But we want to see the King andQueen here. We want to see membersof the two Houses; we want to seegroups of modern artists and poetsof all lands seated at table togetherand we do not want the wholething quite so actorish or quite soprovincial. For after all Shakespeareis Shakespeare, you know, and therehasn't been such another in Europesince. £/ £* £&gt;Our celebration week is nothingbut a parody, an advertisement fora few actors, and there an end. " Wake up, England I PARIS. H. L. Down to Circus Level.por May 3rd and pth were an- nounced two Dancing Performan- ces by Mile. N. TROUHANOWA, thelady being in very large letterspresumably so that we could learnto masticate the name correctly.&amp; We expected something by Mile,Trouhanowa, Instead we had theusual collaborated performance byMile. Trouhanowa assisted by M.Pierre Monteux assisted by Mmes. Rosita Mauri, M. Marlqulta, A.Gedda and M. N. Clustine and bySaracco; assisted by Mme, Muelleand M. Pinchon, assisted by M. P.Pagnereau, and the whole bandled by the brigand chief M. G.Astruc. x? &amp; jjEf Gluck and Chopin were two ofthe victims ; I was another. 1 paida very high price for my seat. 1 hadbeen in the morning to the Louvreand was allowed to look at one ofthe world's wonders, the MonnaLisa of Leonardo, for nothing. Theroom was quiet and I looked uponthe serious work of a man in thefield of art. The Theatre is supposedto be in that field.jE? At the Chatelet that afternoonwhile watching Mile. Trouhanowaassisted by a score of hardworkinglabourers I felt that the Theatre wasnot even In the hemisphere of Art,far less in the very field. *E? I contrasted the two experiencesfollowing so quickly one upon theother and I, an old theatre goer,suddenly became aware of the awful- ness of the stuff which the moderntheatre offers us under the guiseof art. If offered to us as a sheerexhibition of personal qualities, legs, arms, emotions of ladles andgentlemen, It would not beopen to this criticism for then no comparison would be invited. jSTAnd 1 also felt that If Mile.Trouhanawa had appeared alone andshe had done some wonderful thingalone and by her own unaidedefforts, I could have found cause tocongratulate the modern theatre*But the collaboration of this dancerwith orchestra, scene-painters, cos- tumiers, and other dancers, and theawful dragging to the altar of thenoble Gluck and the loved Chopinall seemed too weak for anythingbut the feminine applause whichburst out now and again like anattack of measles.^"j&amp; The Theatre is certainly in aweak state when such a collaborationis possible and approved. jE? je/There is no excuse to be foundsuch as that a great city producesthese eccentricities. The Theatreshould be strong enough to refuseto play down to the circus public,and It should play up to the samepublic as goes to the Louvre, looksat Leonardo's Monna Lisa, probablydoes not understand or like it, butat all events remains silent beforeit. &amp; je? «&amp; My confrere " Percival " of theReferee, whose witty writings alonemake that journal readable andwhom the other regular writers onthe staff constantly attempt to iml- tate with awful results, had anunpleasant experience at the perfor- mance for which he thanks M. Astructhe amiable Impresario in thefollowing words: "The other after- "noon M. Astruc sent me tickets for"the first performance of "Mademo- "iselleski Trouhanowa," whose dan- "clng 1 love.When I got to the theatre"I found a wild and angry crowdCURSING THE NAME OF ASTRUC," and if you'll try it you will find" it quite a handy name to curse. M." Mozzeltov had sent out cards of" Invitation to more people than the" house would hold, and hundreds" of us were unable to get in. Now,0" that may be clever advertisement," because people who have heard" of a crush always want to go to" the theatre. But, Caro Astrucclo," may 1 point out that journalists" are busy folk, and promise you" with my hand on my heart that" I'll see you in China first before" I accept any other invitation from" you without a numbered seat" attached to it. I've no objection," Astrucstein, to advertising you," but I'll be dashed, Hastruck, if" you shall waste more of my time."&amp; And when I saw " Percival " atthe doors he looked every scrap ofthat paragraph .... and a good deal more. .?? &amp; LONDON Q. H. Patriotism.Mr Frederick Whelen, after havingsuggested that we shall go toDusseldorf for our ideas of a newTheatre school, emphasizes his ten- dencies even more clearly by enthu- siastically assisting Professor Rein- hardt and his German Imitationgoods to obtain a footing in London.However, 1 suppose its a case ofanything for a job. its a pity though,for Mr Whelen would have made acapable business man for any of thedifferent English personalities whoare slowly making their way in the fore. The Shakespeare Ball. R. S. ball was given in aid of theShakespeare Memorial NationalTheatre. It would have been betterif the energy and money spent onits preparation had been employedIn preparing that which is to gointo the said National Theatre. Infact it would be altogether betterto select the artist and to announcea programme before going to thecountry for funds. Those who aresubscribing to the National Theatremight keep their money for Monte- carlo or the Derby, for then at leastthey would have some say in the matter. &amp; &amp; A Sign of Awakening.Tphings here are waking up at last.they are beginning to move andwill, no doubt, soon move a gooddeal more. One sign of this movementis before me in an invitation to aDinner in honour on Mr Gordon Craigto take place of Sunday July 16that the Caf6 Royal, Regent St. Thisdinner has been organized by aCommittee of Ladies and Gentlemenwith the Duchess of Sutherland atthe head. The form of their announce- ment is one more of those strawswhich for some time past have beenshowing which way the wind wassetting. Here it is:.... 044 In 1900 Edward Gordon Craig44 began to stage operas and plays44 in a new and significant way. Such- 44 productions as Purcell's 44 Dido44 and Aeneas" and 44 Masque of44 Love ," Handel's 44 Acls and Gala- 44 tea ", Ibsen's 44 Vikings, " Laurence44 Housman's "Bethlehem" and Shake44 speare's 44 Much Ado about No- 44 thing ", gave a new direction to44 the Art of the 00 44 In this way, as well as through44 his writings, Gordon Craig held44 up an inspiring and dignified vi- 44 slon of the stage, and his attempts44 to recover the canon of theatrical44 tradition, led him to make expe- " rlments In the direction of scenic44 representation, which have had a " vital influeuce on the Theatre" throughout Europe. &lt;0«« It Is well known that the Theatre44 in Germany, Austria and Russia44 admits its debt to Craig's inspi- 44 ration: his influence has, indeed,44 gone deeper than most people are44 aware of, and much that has been" accomplished of late years, owes44 Its success to Craig's impulse. It44 has been felt among many of those44 interested in the dignity of the44 Theatre in England, that it would44 be a fitting thing that some definite44 acknowledgement be made to44 Craig for his unfaltering devotion44 and high aims through almost in- 44 superable difficulties ■£?Then, after particulars as to thetime and place of the dinner, comethe following names: 0 &amp;MUlicent Sutherland 0 AugustaGregory 0 Beatrice Stella Campbell.Mabel Dearmer 0 May Morris Alice Rothensteln Max BeerbohmLaurence Binyon George Cal- deron 0 Walter Crane RogerPry Austin Harrison MartinHarvey Augustus JohnHaldane McPall JS/ T. Sturge Moore0 James Pryde WilliamRothensteln 0 Charles -ShannonMartin Shaw 0 William Strang &amp;E. P. Spence 0 A. G. WellsFrederick Whelen J£&gt; W. B. Yeats.Yes, things are waking up at last EDITORIAL NOTES ROYALTY AT THE THEATRE Hphe Referee, speaking of theCommand Performance at DruryLane tells us that there was no en- thusiasm,.... because " Enthusiasmwith society people is not thecorrect thing " and It drew atten- tion to the fact that " until the endthere was hardly a cheer throughout the evening ". &amp;This only shows the good effectMajesty has upon a crowd. Cheersand applause are as out of place ina theatre as in a church or in apicture gallery. With cheers at arace meeting it is different. Thehorses need it and the animals exciteus to cheers and the presence ofRoyalty has never stopped thosecheers. Curious, how right the In- stincts of people are i At Drury Lanein the presence of the King theybehave; at the Derby in the presenceof the King they behave also. Instinc- tively they do the right thing inboth cases, but that which is rightin the one case is the opposite ofthat which is right in the other.The Referee is wrong is suppo- sing the Drury Lane audience wasnot enthusiastic; they simply foronce behaved and did the right thingnot merely the " correct thing. IMPERIAL BOUNTY. Qur Moscow Correspondant tells usthat when the Dowager Empressvisited a St Petersberg Theatre lastmonth to witness a performance bythe Moscow Art Theatre Companyshe called two of the actors to herbox between the acts and presentedthem with a purse containing fivehundred pounds. &amp;This strikes us as delightful, quite like the old days. One canimagine Queen Elizabeth acting inthis way. &amp;Of course now that the actoropens bazaars and is invited tocourt it would hardly do in England.It could be done, but only if theactor were willing, and he wouldrather give up the five hundredpounds nowadays than the positionof public man. He would even preferto lose the title of artist thanthat of public man.,... And he haslost it. MORE FREEDOM FOR THECRITICS. Qur contemporary, The New YorkDramatic Mirror, from time totime shows a real desire to go aheadand lead public opinion, and thenwhen the opportunity comes itshirks the privilege and shouldersthe heavy responsability of followingwith the crowd.In 1909 we drew attention tothe way in which plays wereproduced in Europe with too muchhaste, and in 1910 Mr H. T. Parkerin the Boston Transcript finds thesame fault with the American pro- ductions, and the New York Dra°&gt;matic Mirror in a leading articleasks who will deny that this istrue. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; At the same time and in the samenumber the Editor permits longand short articles or noticesto be published about the playsin New York without a word beingsaid against their hasty preparation.In short, the leading editorialsare often very righteous and right...and there an end. We fail to seewhat such a publication is drivingat. To agree in one part of thejournal that hasty production marsthe work of the New York theatres,and then to praise up those theatresin the other part of the journal is rather less courageous than we liketo take our friends over the waterto be. We do not wondor when theyoften praise what we deplore, butto contradict themselves in so down- right a manner as this we mentionis a pity. &amp;&amp; We wonder whether the criticson the New York Dramatic Mirrorare allowed to say what they think ?Oh ! for a little more freedom, forthe critics often know so well whatis the matter with the theatre andif they had their lives ensured weshould hear the truth. THE CHICAGO THEATRE. W e are glad to hear thatChicago remains true to MrDonald Robertson and that themembers of the Chicago TheatreSociety have asked him to lead themin their next venture.The twenty-fivethousand pounds subscribed Is agood round sum and in capablehands should go far, and last long.£? It is too large a sum to be spentin one season, yet many will tellvou that it needs that amount torun a theatre for so long. JS? DOES IT? To run anything on old conventionnal lines costs a fortune, but that isbecause brains and taste are thenleft out of the calculation. And if thepossession of money rocks the brains to sleep in a cradle of conceit, thenLord Rosebery is right and theless money artists have the better.g? But the experience of yearsshould have taught Mr Donald Ro- bertson that he must exert hisbrains this time If he is to achieveanything and that he must realizethat not in the space of one seasoncan any achievement be notice- able,jgt If he is wise Mr Robertson willdo everything on a small scale, andwill make that twenty-five thousandpounds spread over several years.If he cannot do that someoneelse ought to be invited to showhim how it can be done. The problem is not easily solved,but there Is a solution. £?Anyhow we wish Chicago a realand lasting success,.., not a displayof fireworks for the fun of seeing alot of open mouths. jg? THE ANTI-SUFFRAGE LEAGUE. •"jphese very brave and very noisyladies are for some strange reasonenlisting the active co-operation ofthe ladies of the English stage.These ladies evidently have timeto spare from their work. Miss Ellen Terry is supposed tobe a keen Suffragette but there arereasons why she is obliged activelyto espouse the cause. Miss Kate Terry (Mrs Lewis) is probably justas keenly opposed to the movementfor we note that her daughter MissL. Terry-Lewis is the Secretary ofthe Woman's National Anti-SuffrageLeague, and, as we are very muchanti-Suffrage, we are glad to givehere the address of Miss L. Terry-Lewis:... Caxton House, TothillStreet, Westminster. May successattend her. A SHAKESPEARE MEMORIAL. best Memorial which we canoffer to Shakespeare is to readhis works, and perhaps In time learnhow to act them. &amp;That Memorial will not be erectedfor very many years. &amp;Give Ellen Terry a theatre andthe Memorial can be erected tomor- row. Give every village a theatre andlet the boys and girls have a chanceof acting and the same Memorialmight be up within six years. If this does not commend itselfto you let us suggest that you supportthe men who collect and print the allbut inaccessible works relating toShakespeare, his works and his times.«ig? Public subcrlptions are nowasked for to put the ShakespeareHead Press at Stratford-on=Avon ona permanent basis with its founderMr A. H. Bullen at its head. &amp; Subscriptions amounting to more than one thousand pounds havealready been promised.j£? We hope this scheme will appealto some of the readers of The Maskfor in our opinion it is very worthyof solid support. THEATRICAL SCHOOLS. jyir Gerald Du Maurier, speakingsome weeks ago at the RoyalGeneral Fund dinner, said a wordin favour of training for the actor.£? He wished the actors and actresseshad to pass certain examinations andbe awarded a certificate of meritbefore they could apply to a managerfor an engagement. &amp;He mentioned several thingswhich the actor neglected to learn.Perhaps Mr Du Maurier will oneday renounce the stage and teachthe Art; He is one of the very fewmen in England who, we believe,could help to recover for us whatw© have lost. x?\We have done something towardspointing out the need of schools forthe study of the whole Art of theTheatre and we hope to have anopportunity of going into the matterthoroughly before very long. Mean- time this suggestion from a youngactor-manager is valuable, for aschool for the actor and actressseems inevitable if the stage Is notto pass entirely into the hands ofthe amateur. &amp; &amp; IR VING AND STA GE LIGHTING qpo us It seems curious that MrBram Stoker should attempt towrite about " Irving and StageLighting " for of all Irving's staffMr Stoker must be the one whoknows least about It. The '« Nine- teenth Century " should have securedan article on this subject from MrLoveday, Sir Henry's stage manager,before it was too late. For after allone who directs the lighting of thestage as did Mr Loveday is morelikely to know about it in detailthan Mr Stoker who directed thebox office.&amp; Mr Stoker flounders most distress- fully :.... he takes ten pages toprove that Irving was very pains- taking,. a thing we all felt must be.What everyone is not quite clearabout Is Ir ving'sfndisputable rightto be considered the foremost actorof his century. We would not com- pare him with the younger men,(some, alas, amateurs), who vainlyused to compare tiieselves with himand who even to this day ask " Whacdo you think of my " Shylock " afterIrving's ? " but we would comparehim to the greatest actors of Europeand America, and we would like tosee It proved how far greater wasIrving's mastery of the materialwhich the actor has to work with.Of course Mr Stoker cannot do this any more than Whistler's fa- mous policeman at the NationalGallery could speak about Art. Butsome day we may hope that thebook on this subject will be written.Irving was above all a mysteriouspersonality. Let those who study hisart remember this and let them tryto read some of the mysteries whichvery often he veiled when speakingabout the art of the actor or playingthe part of public man. What Irvingpreached was something very diffe- rent from what he practised. Heperformed like an artist; he prea- ched like any orthordox man of themoment. And let those who wouldtell us one of the profoundest secretsof the Art of the Theatre rememberthe face of Irving. His face was amask. ■&lt;&amp; TWO GERMAN "COUPS." J. s. &amp; On July 3rd it was announcedthat Germany had sent a warship toAgadir in order, we suppose, ultima- tely to seize Morocco. The sameday it was also announced thatProfessor Reinhardt the theatricalmanager, assisted by the Polish Pro- fessor Ordinsky, assisted by ProfessorSchiller, assisted by other professors,has been invited to enter London inbroad daylight and to demonstrateat Olympia that the Germans arebetter able to move a crowd of two thousand performers than weare able to move a crowd of twothousand spectators. &amp; _This will be in December. InAugust the German and Polish Pre- \fessors assisting each other willbring " Sumurun " once more to aLondon Music Hall. In the autumnthese same Professors will beg MrMartin Harvey to assist them stillsome more in a production of (Edipus.So says the Daily Mail and it seldommakes mistakes.The assistance all round seemsto us very charmingly internationaland friendly, but isn't It Just a trifleincompetent ? When are a few indi- vidualities of genius going to appearin the [Theatre who shall, insteadof a patchwork, give us examples oftheatrical art woven in one piece?In order to do this the men ofindividual genius will first have tolearn a lesson lost somewhere inCrete or China two thousand yearsbefore Christ, a lesson which Flauberttaught the writers in the last century;"...Genius is not rare nowadays, but"what no one any longer has and what"we must strive for is Conscience."" 1 have always tried not to belit- " tie art for the satisfaction of an " isolated personality A LETTER FROM* *MADAME YVE TTF" The Mask, that journal created for athoughtful Public enlightens a multitudeof artists. A vast number ofinnovatorswho, in the bringing forthof their master-pieces have, to inspirethem, only their instincts and the Schoolof the Great Past which Italy, that nurseof Art sets at their service.One journal has devoted itself to thissplendid cause. The Mask! and its energeticinsistence upon the Great Duty of servingBeauty renders it a valuable little organfor artists.This journal is at the same time instructorand guide, for while it teaches us of pastthings, it also directs our future efforts,and that is why The Mask is M Y journal. "