Bruno's Weekly 2 2 January 8th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-01-08_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 2 Ilonka Karasz Illustration 1 Civilization Tom Sleeper cre 3 Greenwich Village of Yore III. Peter Warren's Country-Place Thomas A. Janvier cre 3-6 Life: A Dream Robert Swasey cre 6 A Woman's Revenge Guido Bruno cre 7-8 In Our Village 8-9 Edison To American Musicians 10 Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska cre 10-11 Smiles Tom Sleeper cre 11 TWO DESERT SONGS Florence Lowe cre 11 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-13 Newark Wishes To Attract Poets 14 Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner cre 14 Ilonka Karasz Illustration 15 Prayer H. Thompson Rich cre 15 Phantasies A Guest Heroichiro K. Myderco cre 16 QNLY yesterday a guest came and praised the flower of our 16 Maude: A Memory Guido Bruno cre 16-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents January Bth, 1916N.S.E. READERS OFBruno's WeeklyAre Asked To BecomeSUBSCRIBERS 52 Issues Two Dollars BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 2 JANUARY Bth, MCMXVI Vol. II Copyright 1915 by Guide Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued). RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association BooksBooks for Christmas GiftsPurchased singly or in sets for people who have neither time nor opportunity toselect for themselves, or for those who have not access to the best book marts.Why not begin collecting now?Address E. V., Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass. Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 WashingtonSquare, New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Applications for entry at second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. Ilonka Karasz Civilization Tom Sleeper So then, to-morrow I will get up as usual—the sameas yesterday, the day before ....And I will plod to my place at the bench that I maypaste labels on tomato cans until dark . . . after- wards returning to a cold radiator, a few slices ofbologna and an unmade bed.World without end—Amen. Greenwich Village of Yore III. Peter Warren's Country-Place Thomas A. Janvier JpLYING his flag aboard the Launceston, commanding on thestation, and making such a brave show with his capturedships, Captain—by courtesy Commodore—Warren cut a prodi- giously fine figure here in New York about the year of grace1744; so fine, indeed, that never a man in the? whole Provincecould be compared with him in dignity save only the Governorhimself. And under these brilliant circumstances it is not atall surprising that pretty Mistress Susannah De Lancey wasquiW ready to complete his tale of "Irishman's luck" by givinghim in her own sweet person an heiress for a wife; nor thather excellent father—who already must have made a pot ofmoney out of this most promising son-in-law—was more thanready to give his consent to the match. It was about the timeof the Commodore's marriage, probably, that he bought hisGreenwich farm—a property of not far from three hundredacres; which was a little increased, later, by a gift of landvoted to him by the city in recognition of his achievement atLouisburg in 1745.Pending the building of his country-seat, and probably alsoas a winter residence, Captain Warren occupied the Jay housenear the lower end of Broadway. One of the historians ofNtfw York, falling violently afoul another historian of NewYork, has asserted hotly that Captain Warren built and livedin the house, known as the Kennedy house, which long occupiedthe site No. 1 Broadway. Heaven forbid that I should ventureto thrust my gossiping nose (if so bold a metaphor may btftolerated) into this archceological wrangle; but, with submission,it is necessary for my present purposes to assert positively thatCaptain Warren had no more to do with the building of theKennedy house than he? had to do with the casting down of the walls of Jericho. In the English Records, under date ofMay, 1745, is this entry: "Ordered: That a straight line bedrawn from the south corner of the house of Mr. AugustusJay, now in the occupation of Peter Warren, Esquire, to thenorth corner of the house of Archibald Kennedy, fronting theBowling Green in Broadway, and that Mr. William Smith, whois now about to build a house (and all other persons who shallbuild between the two houses) lay their foundations and buildconformably to the aforesaid line." This record, I concieve,fixes definitely Captain Warren's down-town residence, andalso sufficiently confirms the accepted genesis of the Kennedyhouse.Concerning the country-seat at Greenwich even the historianshave not very materially disagreed. It was built by CaptainWarren on a scale of elegance appropriate to one who had onlyto drop across to the Leeward Islands and pick up a Spanishplate ship, or a few French West-Indiamen, in order to satisfyany bills which the carpenters and masons might send in; andthe establishment seems to have been maintained upon a footingof liberality in keeping with this easy way of securing a revenue.The house stood about three? hundred yards back from the river,on ground which fell away in a gentle slope toward the water- side. The main entrance was from the east; and at the rear—on the of the drawing-room and a dozen feet or so abovethe sloping hill-side—was a broad veranda commanding theview westward to the Jersey Highlands and southward downto bay clear to the Staten Island hills. I like to fancy myround little captain seated upon this veranda of placid sum- mer afternoons, smoking a comforting pipe after his mid-daydinner, and taking with it, perhaps, as sea-faring gentlemenoften did in those days, a glass or two of substantial rum-and- water to keep everything down under hatches well stowed. Withwhat approving eyes must he have regarded the trimly keptlawns and gardens below him, and with what eyes of affectionthe Launcesion, all a-taunto, lying out in the stream 1 Presently,doubtless, the whiffs from his pipe came at longer and longerintervals, and at last entirely ceased—as the spirit which ani- mated his plumply prosperous body, lulled by its soft and mel- lowing surroundings, sank gently into peaceful sleep. And thenI fapcy him, an hour or two later, wakened by Mistress Sue'splaying upon the harpsichord; and his saying handsome thingsto her (in his rich Irish brogue) when she comes from thedrawing-room to join him and they stand together—one of hisstout little arms tucked snugly about her jimp waist—lookingout across the gleaming river and the Elysian Fields, dark inshadow, at the glowing splendor of the sunset above the foot- hills of the Palisades.It was in the year 1809 that Mr. Samuel Burling's highlyinjudicious offer to plant the principal street of New York—from Leonard Street northward to the Greenwich Lane—withpoplar-trees was accepted gratefully by the corporation, "be- cause it will be an additional beauty to Broadway, the pride of our city;" and the outcome of that particular piece of beauti- fying was to make Broadway look for a great many years after- wards like a street which had escaped from a Noah's ark.But long before anybody had even dreamed that the Broad- way ever would be extended to these remote northern regionsthe Warren farm had passefd from the possession not only ofSir Peter, but also from the possession of his three daughters—Charlotte, Anne, and Susannah—who were his sole descendantsand heirs. The admiral seems to have been but little in Amer- ica during the later years of his life; and after 1747—when hewas elected a member of Parliament for the borough of West- minster—I find no authentic trace of him on this side of theAtlantic. But Lady Warren, while Sir Peter was spending themost of his time at sea blazing away with his cannon at theFrench, very naturally continued to reside near her father andbrother here in New York; not until his election to Parlia- ment, at which time he became a house-holder in London, didshe join him on the other side.Doubtless, also, consideration for her daughters—in the matterof schooling, and with a look ahead toward match-making—had much to do with hefr Ladyship's move. So far as match- making was concerned, the change of base enabled her to makea very fair score—two, out of a possible three. Charlotte, theeldest daughter, married Willoughby, Earl of Abingdon, andAnn, the second daughter, married Charles Fitzroy, afterwardBaron Southampton: whereby is seen that real estate in NewYork, coupled with a substantial bank account, gave as firmassurance? of a coronet sevenscore years ago as it does to-day.Susannah, the youngest daughter, was indiscreet enough, I fear,to make a mere love-match. She married a paltry colonel offoot, one William Skinner—and presently diefd, as did also herhusband, leaving behind her a baby Susannah to inherit herthird of the chunky admiral's prize-moneys and lands.The names of the? husbands of all three of these ladies be- came attached to the property in New York. Skinner Roadwas the present Christopher Street; Fitzroy Road ran north,near the? line of the present Eighth Avenue, from about thepresent Fourteenth Street to about the present Forty-secondStreet; and the Abingdon Road (called also Love Lane), almoston the line of the? present Twenty-first Street, connected whatnow is Broadway with the Fitzroy Road and eventually wasextended to the North River. The only survival of any of thesenames is in Abingdon Square.The deeds for the property in the Greenwich region all beginby reciting—with the old-womanly loquacity of deeds—the factsin regard to Sir Peter's issue set forth above; and in additiontell how his estate was partitioned by a procefss in which thesolemnity of legal procedure was mitigated by an agreeable dashof the dicing habits of the day:"In pursuance of the powersgiven in the said antefnuptial deeds the trustees therein named, onMarch 31st, 1787, agreed upon a partition of the said lands,which agreement was with the approbation and consent of the cestui que trusts, to wit: Earl and Lady Abingdon, and CharlesFitzroy and Ann his wife, the said Susannah Skinner the secondnot theh having arrived at age. In making the partition thepremises were divided into three parts on a survey made thereofand marked A. B. and C; and it was agreed that such partitionshould be made by each of the trustees naming a person tothrow dice for and in behalf of their respective cestui quetrusts, and that the person who should throw the highest num- ber should have pared A; the one who should throw thenext highest number should have parcel B; and the one whoshould throw the lowest number should have parcel C—forthe persons whom they respectively represented: and the prem- ises were partitioned accordingly."It was on the lines of the map made for this partition thatGreenwich went along easily and peacefully until it was broughtup with a round turn, in the? year 1811, by the formation of thepresent City Plan. Life: A Dream Robert Swasey. LIFE is a dream in which figures appear with all theirrelevancy of fantastic designs in ancient tapestry.Friefnds, figures, passing shadows of people, come andvanish. All a dream, and we sleep on.Realities come upon us in the most unexpected angles of life,but their effetet passes, swiftly retreating as dream waifsflit across the edge of our fancy. Everything as in a dream.Faces that meant so much to us, dear faces that containedthe sum and all of our existence,—once! so vivid,—go intothe dim twilight of purple memories. All, as in a dream.Then shadowy thoughts are re-awakened, and in a phantasmagoriaof strange events, we have again all we had lost; all thathad floated away in the mists of our imagination. All, as ina dream.Weird combinations of people and things, as startling intheir arrangement exotic pictures in clashing colours, comeupon us and we are overwhelmed by the bounty of our liveswhich can produce such arabesques. W£ almost wake.But the dream goes on; and the rush of worlds in greatcycles of perfection, make no stranger sound than the quietcurrents of these episodes in the? circles of our lives. We neverawaken. A Woman's Revenge By Guido Bruno THE thin shadows of the dying day groped in hungry wavesinto the room. Their pointed tongues reached after thecolor of the pictures and the glitter of the polished furniture.The bevelled edges of the? mirror gleamed steel blue and reflectedthe moving shadows of the wall, ghostly long and distorted.A table with bric-a-brac seemed a miniature graveyard withtombstones and monuments and hoveling clouds above. Theslender pine trees out of the window and the dark heavenswith the yellow shimmer of the departing sun, suggested afantastic painting by some Japanese artist.She stood at the window. She pressed her forehead againstthe glass till it became clouded from her breath and she lookedat the sky. She observed how the deep yellow of the farthesthorizon changed into a violet gray, how it was losing constantlyits color; how the oncoming darkness defined itself; and theclear deep blue of the heavens stood out creating for the con- stellations a fabulous Oriental background .... And theevening star blazed up and sparkled like a solitary diamondin the black hair of a beautiful woman. She observed hurryingmists like zealous couriers rushing hither and thither, and shewaited until a great misshapen cloud that had completely cov- ered the entire picture swept away and was gone.She listened to the murmuring voices of the physiciansin the next room where her husband lay dying. She felt thatthey were consulting together how to break the truth to heras gently as possible. The little watch in her girdle tickedon and the beat of each second meant to her a step nearer therealization of her one? desire—nearer the moment for whichshe had been longing a lifetime.Often at night, lying in bed, she had folded her handslike a pious child and had prayed: "Dear God! Let me bewith him in his last hour and let me reckon with him!"It had happened just as she had imagined it would inher tormenting dreams. He lay in the next room woundedto death by one of the many husbands that he had betrayed.And again she folded her hands and prayed: "Let me reckonwith him, Oh Lord! Don't let him die without my tellingeverything! Let me tell him how I hate him!""I hate him, I hate him," thrilled every nerve of herexcited brain. Her ears listened enviously for the sound ofsteps in the next room and her eyes were fixed on the doorknob which would turn before they could come out. Wouldshe be able to speak to him—to the man that had destroyedher body, that had tormented her soul, that in every act ofhis life had offended her. Would he regain consciousness ifonly for a little while? Yes! Yes] . ._ . . He must! Itwould be too terrible; she had waited a lifetime for just thismoment. She knew what she was going to say. In many sleepless nights she had rehearsed it; like a part in a playshe had repeated it over and over again. And she hated him!A thousand times more than she had ever love?d him. Andhow she had loved him!She was ashamed of this love and her hate and the con- sciousness of her rejected devotion mounted to fury.The physicians had pressed her hand, had spoken to herin a quiet, professional way. The door stood open. Shecrossed the threshold. She closed the door behind her. Shethrust the portieres aside.The clear light of the five-branched chandelier floodedpeacefully over the white bed. The? Smyrna carpet that servedas a plumeau softened the severity of the linen sheet.The long, high-bred fingers of his bluef-veined hands playedwith the knotted fringe of the rug. He raised his head fromthe pillow; she saw how he tried to hide the signs of acutesuffering. He efven forced himself to smile and nodded to her."Come! Come nearer to me," he breathed, scarcely audibly.He was conscious!She could speak! The lines about his eyes that had alwaysfascinated he?r were more strongly marked than ever. Hewas very handsome. She looked away, up to the white ceiling."For the others he had had love. For her indifferent aloof- ness, polite rejection "She? stepped nearer to the bed. She did not see the handextended to her. She looked him straight in the eyes.He drew back as the helpless one does when he gazes inthe? eyes of his merciless, determined murderer. In Our Village F sounds more like a tale of something that might havehappened some time in another age, somewhere—but surelyfar remote from America—this story of Capt. George EdwardHall, who painted Abraham Lincoln from life, who gave uphis art for the sake of a woman who had married him uponthis_ condition. Who went through the; years of excitementduring the War of Secession, as soldier and officer, whowas a pioneer of California—the father of orchards—in thatpart of the country which he had chosen for his home, andwho finally in the evening of his life, resumed the ambitionsof his youth and became again a painter.Half a century ago he had been in Greenwich Village andnow an old man, almost eighty years of age, with snow-whiteand venerable beard, but unhampered in vigor and En- thusiasm he came back; and his paintings, marvelous creationsfrom out there where he tilled the soil, where he felt one withthe bigness of God's own country, will be on exhibition inBruno's Garret on Washington Square.Only once in my life have I felt similarly looking at worksof art. It was on the day that I viewed for the first time paintings by Cesanne. There is something strange to my eyeon his canvases. It seems realer and realer the longer welook at it. It seetas to live, all at once, and if we turn andwalk out into life, the things on the street seem different,they seem realer than ever before.Captain Hall paintefd several portraits of Lincoln as he knewhim, after sketches made years and years ago from life. Thereis a portrait of Nancy Hanks, Lincoln's mother. There aremarine scenes and sunsets, and then his forests, the? trees heloved so much and the house which he built with his ownhands from trees he had chopped down himself. Captain Hall'sexhibition comprises twenty paintings which will be on vidwfrom January 10th, until January 24th.Sadakichi Hartmann will shortly make an appearance inGreenwich Village and will read two of his dramas on January18th, and January 19th, in Bruno's Garret. He will read his"Christ," on January 18th, and his "Buddha," on January 19th.Both plays created great sensation in the efarly '90s, and it wasmostly due to the persecution to which Sadakichi was exposedafter publishing "Christ." That he did not have a universalsuccess prophecied his talent and genius. There are only fiftyseats reserved for each of these readings and those who desireto hear Sadakichi are advised to communicate, at their earliestconvenience, with Bruno's Garret.The first exhibition of "The Eclectics," a group of sculptorsand painters of Greenwich Village, is on view at present atthe? Folsom Galleries. Marie Apel, she who did the Astorbaby in bronze and a good bust of Sadakichi, is representedwith some of her late work and most assuredly her best work.Kirk Towns, of Dallas, Texas, and formerly of Chicago,spent the Christmas holidays in New York, and the? greaterpart of his time in the? Village. Mr. Towns, who is the best- known baritone in the West, was one of the victims at acertain New Year's Evening party which had been supposedto be a fancy dress ball, and was not in reality. Was it ajoke or was it a misunderstanding of some sort?—but thisis what happened: two women and three men—and KirkTowns was one of them—were, all New Year's day, feverishlyengaged in finishing some costumes designed by Clara Tice,and succeeded in getting them ready just in time to be a littlebit late at the fancy dress ball.Well, it wasn't. It was a very correct reception, and it was arather delicate situation: the small fancy dressed party amongold ladies and gefntlemen and some young ones too, who hadcome to attend a social function. Edison To American Musicians surely must be among the thousands of musiciansin New York—and it is safe to say hundreds of thousandsin the United States—men who are taking the old masters of theworld for fundamental knowledge and worshipful reverie butfeel the throbbing life around them—who feel its music, itstragedy, its romance, and who are endeavoring to express them- selves through their medium: music. The far West, theBad Lands, the deserts, that wonderful quiet and peace ,thegrandeur of Nature, the solitude of a man, a lone traveler;then again the! buzzing life of the busy industrious oity.Shouldn't the noises, the roaring and the moaning whict( fillthe air of our cities impress the creative genius of a musician,shouldn't all that that is distinctively American call forth anecho in the soul of the artist? There surely must be Americanmusic, right at this moment. It only has not had a chance tofind its way to its right possessor: the American public.The Little Thimble Theatre invites every American com- poser and musician to take advantage of its opportunities.Everybody will be considered equally seriously.The Little Thimble Theatre? does not endeavor to producemasterpieces or to detect geniuses, in other words, to createsensational successes. The artist is equally frete to step beforethe public, as the people—his audience—are free to come and tolike or to dislike. To have an audience! must be the most cher- ished desire of every artist, and he who takes his art seriouslywill welcome his audience as his critics. Because therg is noadmission fee charged and everybody welcome as long as thereare seats and standing capacity, the audietoce is comprised ofa combination of people who resemble truly the Americanpeople at large to whom every artist wishes to appeal finally. Passing Paris Muriel Ciolkowska Paris, December Ist. GALLIENI, our new Minister of War, chasesafter such citizens as may still be "embuscaded," likea terrier after rats. He is supported in his zeal by those peoplewho in their claim for justice may commit many injustices andwho call what is really, perhaps, envy and revenge by thatmock tetm which is served up to all purposes: "equality."Many a delicate young constitution has been irrevocably com- promised, lost perhaps, owing to the next door neighbor's orconcierge's craving after "equality," expressed through anony- mous letters addressed to the Ministry or corps commander.In the slacker regime favouritism may or may not be respon- sible for the acquittal of some culpable ones, in the severermany innocent ones are! condemned. Which is the better rule?I know a young man who, after having been wounded on ac- tive service, has been given some post in the rear. He dare not come home to sptfnd Sundays with his wife and two littlechildren because of the neighbours wanting so much to know"why" he has so many holidays, "why" he is not at the front,etc. So they have to meet in secret in some district where he isnot known to the shrews prying at their windows.And yet those—few, it is true, they are—who are influcfntiallyconnected and want to "get off" do. The Intransigeant askedopenly the other day why the son of a celebrated poet—appar- ently sufficiently able-bodied, if not for active service, at leastfor a post at the rear—found nothing better to do than toperform in his father's plays for the benefit of wounded, etc.A certain sturdy-looking actor, son of an actor, seems equallyimmune? from the general rule. But the position of these isnot to be envied either now or in the future.The men whose health keeps them in the so-called auxiliaryservice have, notwithstanding, a very hard time. Long presencehours, as is the custom in other spheres of French life, aredemanded of them; those working in offices, for instance, haveten-hour days (at Sometimes the labour is manual,sometimes clerical. The discipline is as severe as in the activeranks, perhaps even more so, and life in barracks is anythingbut luxurious. Though they may be spared from peril, thesemen do their duty in proportion to their physical capacities'.It is a monotonous round indeed to which they are harnessedand bringing neither "sport" nor glory. Extract from a letter to"The Egoist," London. Smiles Tom Sleeper CHE was with me last night smiling across the table. Her eyeshad been moist when, earlier, she had told me that "never,never,—come what might" would she forsake me.The waiter came with the coffee and afterwards I gave her alittle Chinese coin. This, too, she would "always" keep with heras a love? token. But quite accidentally it slipped out of her handwhile I was showing her another bubble, a sea-green emeraldbrought from India, the gift of Rajah Mahil. The little coinwent bounding away over the tile floor and was lost forever insome crack.A thought crossed my mind for a half a moment . . .then I smiled at her again across the table. TWO DESERT SONGS Florence Lowe The Stars are white fireThat has died and crumbled',Into a thousand piecesClear and unimpassionedYet even they falterAnd fallLet them, what does it matter? Once I stood very nearA pale intense presenceThat was LoveVery near\fy very speech was gone—l felt,And nowI am lonely. Books and Magazines of the Week T. HANSON, Jr., has written an early life of JohnHoward Payne with contemporary letters heretofore un- published. There is just one objection I have to the remarkablework Mr. Hanson did in the vindication of that American geniuswho gave us our most loved home song, who was one of thegreatest American actors and the first American dramatist whosework found appreciation and success in England: the book isprinted privately in a very limited edition and only for compli- mentary distribution. Very much persecuted by his contempor- aries, grossly misunderstood by those who formulated the opinionof future generations, Payne was and is—like Poe—a muchabused and misunderstood personality. And just his early lifeshows us the struggles and heartaches of the boy whose later lifewe can understand now so much better.Of great interest are his experiences as editor, publisher andproprietor of a dramatic and literary paper in New York, whichhe founded at the age of thirteen and conducted anonymously.He succeeded in being taken seriously by the leadingnewspapers and magazines, and even by Mr. William Coleman,the severe editor of the Post."In Boston, when Payne had been deprived of his favoriteamusement he had had recourse to his pen; so, in New York,when he found a like condition awaiting him he decided tomeet it as he had in Boston; and on December 28, 1805,anonymously appeared the first number of a little weekly pub- lication, entitled the Thespian Mirror, printed for the Editor bySouthwick and Hardcastle, No. 2 Wall Street."As note'd in his introduction, it was the purpose of theEditor in presenting the sheet to the 'enlightened citizens ofNew York,' to exhibit, 'a specimen in matter and manner ofwork, which on sufficient encouragement, would be issued inthe metropolis; the work to comprehend a collection of interest- ing documents relative to the stage, and its performers; chieflyintended to promote the interests of the American Drama,and to eradicate false impressions respecting its nature, objects,design and tendency of Theatrical Amusements.""It had at first been Payne's plan to issue a literary paper,and without communicating his plan he had composed a pros- pectus for a publication to be known as the Pastime, intendedfor the perusal of youth only. After some reflection, con- sidering the existing number of papers called 'literary,' andbelieving the habits of the citizens of New York—as stated inNo. XIV, of the Thespian Mirror, 'better calculated to en- courage a work more intimately connected with the prevailingthirst for pleasure,' he had recourse to his favorite topic, andstruck the plan of the Thespian Mirror. He seems to havesecured pecuniary supplies which enabled him to enter uponthe work; the printers were applied to; and it was but threedays from the moment of the first projection to that of pub- lication—a period more inconsiderable when it is remembered that the only time at his command was before eight in themorning and after eight in the evening. Thretf young gentlemen,two of them fellow clerks in the store, were alone entrustedwith the secret."Following the? issue of the first number a few subscribersappeared and such complimentary notice was given to theMirror by the newspapers, that Payne was encouraged toproceed." In Which The little monthly in which Norman Geddes, in Detroit "saysjust what he thinks," contains a good reproduction of Van Dyck'sfamous painting, "St. Martin Cutting his Mantel and Sharing itwith a Poor Man". The masterpiece is a gift to the people of theUnited States from Mr. Charles Lefon Cardon, the noted artistand connoisseur of Brussels, Belgium, in recognition of thegenerous sympathy and relief which has poured from theAmerican people during the last year. It was presented to theUnited States Minister, Brand Whitlock, a short time ago andwill be presented to this country on Washington's birthday.According to the wishes of the Government, it will be exhibited inthe large cities of the country and thefn find its permanent home inthe beautiful Toledo Museum of Art, of which Mr. Whitlock wasa trustee during his residence there. The Wild Hawk Hervey White, the editor's poem "Ave Maria", in the Decemberissue, is a masterpiece. Its spirit is a unique combination of thewonderful devotion of a Catholic and a frank admiration of atwentieth century man. The Philosophy of Health "A Stuffed Club" appears under a ne?w name but editedby its old publisher, Dr. Tilden. Our Town Our namesake, the Greenwich in Connecticut, has a newmagazinel, a weekly which calls itself "The Magazine News- paper of America's Ideal Suberb." Norman Talcoft wrotein the current issue an interesting comparison between Green- wich Village and Greenwich Town, and a fragrant bouquet didhe hand to our little! weekly in one of his November issues.Belated Thanks! Book-Plate Auction A well-known resident of Greenwich Village, Mr. HenryBlackwell, disposed last week of his collection of book- plates, comprising the richest representation of very scarceearly American book-plates in an auction held in the "Col- lectors' Club." Many originals by American engravers andartists of fame were in the collection. Mr. Blackwell iswriting at present a book on American Book-Plates Previousto the War of Secession. Newark Wishes To Attract Poets fHE Committee of One Hundred offers a series of prizes, ag- gregating $1,000, for poems on Newark and its 250 th An- niversary and plans to publish the best of the poems submittedin a volume to be entitled, "Newark's Anniversary Poems."In this competition all the poets of our country are invitedto participate.The prize poem on Newark and its Anniversary may touchon any or all of such topics as, the City's historic aspects, itsrapid industrial development, its civic and educational features,the? chief purpose of its celebration,—which is, to develop awider and deeper public spirit.Newark is not all industries, smoke, rush and din. It is agreat center of production and in its special field of work isalert and progressive. But it has also beautiful homes, fineparks, admirable schools, a useful library. Its thousands ofshade trees are the envy of many cities. The cleanliness of itshighways surprises even the Newarker himself. It has a goodgovernment, churches in plenty and many worthy clubs andsocieties. Art and science, even, are not altogether neglectedhere. Newark is an old town, solid and conservative and tena- cious of certain old time peculiarities. Newark, with 400,000people, the largest city in New Jersey, though known to allthe world as a producer of honest goods, is still to that sameworld quite unknown as to its own special quality among Ameri- can cities. Will the poet, the man of insight and of prophecy,kindly come? forth and discover her to the world and to herself?There are many interesting phases in Newark's life and in itscelebration. All are within the field of the inspiration of thepoet we are seeking. To make our volume interesting, itsverses should touch on a wide range of subjects. The witsas well as the philosophers have their opportunity here. Wethink our city already quite? worthy! Now we seek a poet whoshall make us famous! If with him comes one who makes usludicrous—and he does it well—to him also we can award aprize! Replated Platitudes Julius Doerner The penalty of being a generation ahead of your time, isto become the fool of your generation, to become perchance,the prophet of all future generations.Those who, having no business, make a business of pur- suing activities which have no purpose give a purpose tothose who make a business of pursuing those whose life hasno purpose.Yes, "knowledge is power" if whoever has the knowledgealso has the power to correlate that knowledge to the needsof the world; especially so much of the world as has thepower to pay for the satisfaction of its needs. Ilonka Karasz Prayer By H. Thompson Rich Front "The Red Shame"—Bruno Chap Books for January Europe is all one tomb! The awful wordsMake the most hardened ones among us sigh;And still the soldier multitudes come by,Cold legions with their lifeMblood turned to curds.For they have seen their fellows' desperate herdsStumble upon the stricken plain and die;And they have known the! buzzards' harsh cry—And they have? missed the music of the birds.God send us healing pity of green grass,And heartening of flowers, and help of trees,To bury The Red Shame forever more;And they whose bodies perish, they who passOut of the World and over unknown seas—Send them forgetfulness of Death and War, Phantasies A Guest By Heroichiro K. Myderco QNLY yesterday a guest came and praised the flower of ourhumble? garden; today the guest is no more with us. Wesee the tiny quilt upon which he sat, the tea-cup from which hidrank his tea, the square fire-box in which he dropped the ashesfrom his pipe, and upon them all the sad airy shower ofchefrry-blossoms.Shall we call Death a mystery? Then, surely, our guest'slife consecrated to art and its love, is far more mysteriousthan his death. Whereof we stretch our vain hands and stareat the abyss of Eternity, claiming for a trifle more token ofhis heart, we gain naught but a grave and sunburnt wreathtattered in shreds. We must turn to ourselves to love him.Such a sympathetic guest was he that after he was gone wtfall became conscious of ourselves, and our life became full- limbed and whole-souled. Out of a thousand who came fromthe West, he alone? remained with us, virtuous, brave andsmiling. If his love to us were noble and manly, if his deathwere sad and heroic, what did we give him as the token of oursoul's gratitude? We are ashamed to disclose our face* beforehim, save in one instance, when we know that he is still lovingus beyond the maze of Death. Such was the coming and passingof a guest to our garden, and the flowers are" lonelier nowwithout him.The rain beats against the boughs of trees, and the roofis wet; I come down from my seat and pick up a name-cardfrom the empty quilt upon which he sat ye?sterday. It is heavylike a leaf of sea-weed. On its surface I read the name of ourguest . . . Lafcadio Hearnl Maude: A Memory By Guido Bruno "The lights of the skyscrapers of Chicago reminded us ofthe end of our trip. I was a new man. I longed for the city—to go back to those surroundings I had left, a few hours ago»dissatisfied with myself—not contested with my lot and no pros- pects for a change for the better at all."But now I wanted to go back to do things and there werelots of things I wanted to do. I felt instinctively that there wasin me just the thing that she seemed to lack. With the sharpknowledge of the physician I realized what she needed to achievethe success at which she was aiming. She needed a strong man,who could be able to create the concentration in her which shedid not have—who could make her see things as they ought tobe seen by other people. All my life I had collected beautifulthings and guarded them—pictures and precious stoncfe and bric- a-bracs. How I wished I could let her see those things because I knew she could appreciate them. She wanted to know Every- thing about myself and she had such a fine understanding thatshe guessed what I didn't care to speak about. She didn't knowmv name. I didn't know hers.•r"The time for parting came." 'Shall we meet again ?" I asked."'Shall we? yes, we shall,' she said. 'Tomorrow if itrains I shall be at the Ashland Drug store at 2 o'clock. Whenit rains I have a headache and I'll need those tablets and also youmight help me if you wish to. I don't want to know your lastname and don't you ever ask me mine. And now, here's my bag- gage check. Please assist me in getting off the steamer andthen promise! not to look when I go.'"That night I went home and prayed fervently that it mightrain the? next day. I felt like a young boy. I have hated thename of Maude as long as I can remember. When a little boy,I once had a governess—the most dreadful old maid you canimagine. Her name was Maude—and she knew how to makeme perfectly unhappy. That night I started to love that name.I acted very silly. I was thinking of all the things I wanted toshow her, that I wanted to talk to her about and I awoke thenext morning and glorious sunshine poured into the room. WhenI raised the curtain, I felt dreadfully unhappy."I performed my duties as usual that day but everythingseemed to carry a greater happiness, the day was brighter,after I remembered the cheerful and original remarks Maudehad made about my work the previous day."I had a very important appointment for two o'clock in theafternoon. I arranged to have it postponed. It was the finestday you could imagine. There were no signs of coming rain.But I believed with all my heart that there would be a rainbecause I could not grasp the thought that I should neversee! her again. And as there was no rain, but shine, I wentup anyhow. I entered the store and there she was. She seemedembarrassed for a second. I could not make out why. BecauseI had come in spite of the sunshine? Or because she wasthere herself?" 'I just dropped into telephone and have purchased a slug,'she said, 'but I don't care to phone now,' and she showed methe slug to show me there was no other purpose in her enteringthe store. And I thought, 'how silly,' and took the slug out ofher hand and put it in my pocket. I wanted to keep it. I likelittle things with a lot of memories attached to them. I amstill keeping it in my pocket now."That was yesterday, Kenneth, and you don't know howcharming she was, and how I felt the more that she was thewoman made for me. Made for me so that we could perfect oneanother! And again we parted, not knowing who we reallywere. But we wanted to meet tomorrow and spend the fore- noon in one of those quaint little suburbs near Chicago. Canyou imagine, Kenneth, what I felt when you purchased thathorrid pink newspaper? And there I saw the face I had dreamed of all day. And the line telling me her name? And thosesincere-looking eyefs had lied to me? That she had not onlyplayed for a pastime with the most sacred feeling of a man,but had lowered herself to forget that she was the wife ofanother man? And do you know what I must hav£ felt to knowthat this woman—who was my constant thought since I mether, for whom I wished to do all the things we think of doingfor those whom we wish to see happy—that this woman was atthe present time in her home somewhefre in Chicago, paralyzedwith pain, uncertain about the safety of her husband?"I wonder, Kenneth, if she is sitting right now in a darkcorner of an unlighted room somewhefre and living throughdreadful hours of remorse? Through those hours when man andwoman who never have believed in a God, wonder whetherthere is not a punishment of Sin. Does she not think thatthis is a punishment for her Sin?"The loveliest women are charming liars. But why did shetell me all those things? How rotten her soul must He. Ifshe is able to talk about the most sublime:, about the highestthings, looking into the admiring eyes of a man—listening tohis devoted speeches and knowing in the bottom of her heart,t have no right to look and listen!' How vile she? must be.""My dear fellow," said Kenneth, looking his friend in theeyes after listening intently, and without having dared to changehis position, "I would not judge her too quickly. Aref younot mistaken? Are you sure it is she you met? Pardon me—it seems to be rude, but I don't believe you when you sayshe is vile. I know you too wefll* and when you speak about someone as you spoke about her, she must possess exceptional qual- ities. You did not even tell me that she is beautiful! But youtold me her aim in life. Do you really believe that a womansuch as you describe could change as quickly in reality as inyour own mind? I think you do her an injustice." THREE BIG COHAN &amp; HARRIS SUCCESSES AT k CTAD Broadway and 45th St. Telephone, Bryant 287. Eve'g at 8:20THE AO i l/H Matinees, Wednesday (Popular Prices) and Saturday at 2:00Geo. M. Cohan's H IT-THE-TRAILCREAT HOI I in AYAMERICAN *-* * ■ *PLAY With FRED NIBLO as " BILLY HOLLIDAY " AT fi Mm CD 42d Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 6344THE IAINLJLEiK. Eve'g, 8:10. Matinees, Wednesday and Saturday at 2:10BEST PLAY OF THE YEARTHE HOUSE OF GLASSWith MARY RYAN and the Great All-American Cast ThomasPweter „ ■r\ . m No. Fivebarrett Bankst.It is now possible for meto receive a few privatepupils in my studio at No.Five Bank Street in theafternoon from two untilsix at one dollar a lessonJSg ThomasPwetermfNo. rive r% ~Bankst. barreit AT I AWf A ror 48th Street, West of Broadway. Telephone, Bryant 23THE Eve'g,B:3o. Matinees,Wednesday and Saturday, 2:30LEO DITRICHSTEIN111 TRIIJMPHdy The Great Lover The Oasisof Washington SquareTea RoomIce Cream ParlorCigars and CigarettesBeneath Bruno's GarretROSSI BROS., Prop'rs Ilonka KavaszCharles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village,N.Y.C.Guido Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsWednesday, 2:15 p. m."Thursday, 8:15 p. m.IFriday,8:15 p. m.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Saturday, 2:00 p. m. Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.8:15 p. m.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge*