The mask 3 10 11 12 April 1911 naau_1911-04_01 The mask 3 10 11 12 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 MASK OF THE FOOL IN "THE HOUR GLASS" BY W. B. YEATS DESIGNED AND ENGRAVED BY GORDON CRAIG. Illustration 4 THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE or PROFESSIONAL COMEDY. J. S cre 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 5 A LETTER TO THE EDITOR FROM GORDON CRAIG. Gordon Craig cre 5-6 Untitled Image Illustration 5 Untitled Image Illustration 6 "CAPITAN FRACASSA" Dr Michele Scherillo cre 7-15; 17-20 Untitled Image Illustration 7 FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622. GIACOMO CALLOT: 1593-1635. Illustration 15 BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TO THE PRECEDING ESSAY. J. S cre 21-23 Untitled Image Illustration 23 THE INTRODUCTION TO "LE THEATRE ITALIEN" of EVARISTO GHERARDI, Written by himself; Translated, with a Biographical Note upon the Author D. Nevile Lees cre D. N. L cre 24-25; 27-30 Untitled Image Illustration 24 THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. (1) CLAUDE GILLOT. 1673-1722 Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 30 THE PREFACE TO "LE THEATREITALIEN." E. Gherardi cre 31-33 Untitled Image Illustration 31 Untitled Image Illustration 33 A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY 33-34 Untitled Image Illustration 34 (1) From left to right, Pierrot, Mezsetioo, Arlecchino, Dottore, Aurelia. (probably) 35 THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. (1) CLAUDE GILLOT. 1673=1722. Illustration 35 ON ACTORS AND ACTRESSES Count Carlo Gozzi cre 37-38 Untitled Image Illustration 37 Untitled Image Illustration 38 ANOTHER ESTIMATE OF THE ACTOR'S CHARACTER. Walter Pater. "Their Majesty's Servants An Essay from the Guardian cre 38 RICCOBONI'S ADVICE TO ACTORS; Translated and Epitomized, with a Biogra=phical Note on the Author Pierre Ramés cre P. R cre 39-41 Untitled Image Illustration 39 RICCOBONI'S ADVICE TO ACTORS. 41-44 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 44 THE EXTEMPORE PLAYERS' ADVICE TO HAMLET, THE PLAYWRIGHT. E. E cre 44 Untitled Image Illustration 44 SCHUBLER. 1729. Illustration 45 THE ENGLISH STAGE IN 1911. A DIALOGUE BETWEEN A CRITIC AND A PROFESSIONAL PERFORMER. Allen Carric cre 47-50 Untitled Image Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 50 HENRY IRVING. Illustration 52 BOOK REVIEWS 53-56 Untitled Image Illustration 53 ART'S ENIGMA by Frederick Jameson. 53-54 ADAM'S DREAM and Two other Miracle 54-55 I COMICI ITALIANI by Luigi Rasi. F. Lumachi; Florence. Price one hundred and fifty francs. J. S cre 55 DRAMATIC VALUES, by C.E. Montague. 55-56 THE ADVENTURE by Henry Bryan 56 CRITICS CRITICISED 56 Untitled Image Illustration 56 AT-1' " ~vy" ' v• fjn. |*jri AllJJgajg 56 Untitled Image Illustration 56 FOREIGN NOTES. 57-61 Untitled Image Illustration 57 LONDON J. B cre 57-58 DUB L I N 58-60 FLORENCE J. S cre 60 P A R / S 60-61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 EDITORIAL NOTES. 62-64 Untitled Image Illustration 62 Mr. GORDON CRAIG'S INVENTION. 62-63 INTELLECTUAL DRAMA. 63 THE FALLACY OF " FREE SPEECH 63 HERR REINHARDTS LAST STAND. 63 Mr. FROM MAN, PHILANTHROPIST. &amp; 63 THE POVERTY OF MILLIONAIRES. 64 AN OPPORTUNIT Y FOR LONDONERS 64 THE VITALITY OF THE MUSIC HALL. 64 TO OUR READERS. J. S cre 64 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 65 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 68 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 68 Vol. 3 N.° 10=12 APRIL &amp; 1911- THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION 0 FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE ■piie Editor will be glad to consider MSS relative to the Art and History of the but would point out that he can only make use of articles written by such as have a realknowledge of the subjects treated. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; All possible care will be taken, but he cannot hold himself responsible [for the acci- dental loss of MSS. These must in every case be accompanied by a stamped an d addressedenvelope as otherwise they cannot be returned. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Communications should be addressed to the Arena Goldoni, Florence. Italy. THE MASK.Apr II 1911. THE COMMEDIADELL'ARTE 0Improvisation. &amp; CAPITANFRACASSA. &amp; CAP ITA NFRACASSA. C A P I T A NFRACASSA. &amp; CAPITANFRACASSA. JE&gt; CAPITANFRACASSA. 0 CA PI TANFRACASS A &amp; CAPITANFRACASSA. CAPITANFRACASSA, THE MASK.April. 1911. JZt CAPITANFRACASSA. &amp; CAPITANFRACASSA. &amp; C A P IT A NPRACASSA BIOGRAPHICALNOTES. &amp; &amp; BIOGRAPHICALNOTES; &amp; &amp; THE MASK.April. 1911. &amp; EVARISTOQHERARDI.^? &amp; EVARISTOQHERARDI. &amp; EVARISTOGHERARDI. &amp; E VARISToQMERARDI^ LE THEATREIT ALIEN LE THEATREITALIEN. LE THEATREITALIEN. THE MASK.April. 1911. £&gt; ACTORS &amp;ACTRESSES. LUIGIRICCOBONI. LUIQIRICCOBONI TOACTORS &amp; ADVICE TOACTORS. TOACTORS. &amp; THE MASK.April. 1911. &amp; THE ENGLISHSTAGE. &amp; &amp; &amp; THE ENGLISHSTAGE. &amp; THE ENGLISHSTAGE. &amp; &amp; TUB MASK.April 1911. &amp; ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; Gerente responsabile, GIULIO VANZI &amp; IT" H E MA S K|A QUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE"I read " The Mask"... Ifs excellent... Like fresh I"air in a stuffy room, those who live in the I"close atmosphere never know how stuffy it is"till the window is opened. What a lot of colds"it must cause, that "Mask" of yours with the" fresh air whistling through its eyes and mouth !"Paul Cooper."The Mask. A delight to bibliophiles, with its I" budget of frank, original notions to most of" which we subscribe willingly.".New York Dramatic Mirrori Nov 9:1910 ||" The Mask always inspires me,'... it creates a" vague vision of a new sort of joyous, over flowing" dramatic art. No sort of criticism is any use"to an artist but technical criticism.... criticism" at once technical and philosophical, and that is I" what The Mask gives one."W. B. Yeats. Irish National Theatre. I" It is good, in these days of imitation and unifor- " mity, to meet with a sincere and individual en- " thus iasm, and this is to be found within the pages"of The Mask. Never before has the theatre in this" country had so earnest an advocate. "Black &amp; White.HOW TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE MASK.Write your name and address on a post card and send it to us today; and then todayor tomorrow or next week, or when we remind you, send the amount named belowaccording to the country in which you live. Cheques and postal orders should be made payable to the Proprietor of The MaskIn countries where paper money is in usey this may be enclosed in a registered letter.YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, 8 roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire France, 20 Francs FREE7HE MASK OFFICES, ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R. Lastrucci, Via dei Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office of " The Mask "Arena Qoldoni. LITERARY CONTENTS. A LETTER RELATIVE TO THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE from GORDON CRAIG." CAPITAN FRACASSA " by Dr. MICHELE SCHERILLO, &amp; BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TODr. SCHERILLO'S ESSAY. THE INTRODUCTION TO " LE THEATRE ITALIEN " OFEVARISTO GHERARDI, WRITTEN BY HIMSELF; TRANSLATED, WITH A BIOGRAPHICALNOTE UPON THE AUTHOR by D. NEVILE LEES. &amp; A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY•« DEADHEAD " ; A SiJENE FROM " LE THEATRE ITALIEN " ON ACTORS ANDACTRESSES by COUNT CARLO GOZZI. &amp; ANOTHER ESTIMATE OF THE ACTOR'SCHARACTER by WALTER PATER. RICCOBONI'S ADVICE TO ACTORS: TRANSLATED,WITH A BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE ON THE AUTHOR by PIERRE RAMES. &amp; THE EXTEMPOREPLAYERS' ADVICE TO HAMLET, THE PLAYWRIGHT by E. E. 0 THE ENGLISH STAGEIN 1911 by ALLEN CARRIC. BOOK REVIEWS CRITICS CRITICISED by GORDON CRAIGFOREIGN NOTES. 0 EDITORIAL NOTES. &amp;£&gt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; ILLUSTRATIONS. FRONTISPIECE: DESION FOR " THE FOOL'S " MASK IN " THE HOUR GLASS " by GORDONCRAIG. SCARAMUCCIA AND FRICASSO by GIACOMO CALLOT. TWO ILLUSTRATIONSOF THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE by CLAUDE GILLOT. A DESIGN by .SCHUBLER 0HEAD AND TALE PIECES AND INITIAL LETTERS FROM DESIGNS by GIACOMO CALLOT.GORDON CRAIG, CHARLES BORROW AND OTHERS. MASK OF THE FOOL IN "THE HOUR GLASS" BY W. B. YEATSDESIGNED AND ENGRAVED BY GORDON CRAIG. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE or PROFESSIONAL COMEDY. J. S. (1) This number of " The Mask " is, like the preceding*,dedicated to the Actors and to the Peasant Folk. n the present number of The Mask we proceed with the story of theCommedia delPArte and of those men of genius, the great Improvisators,who brought it to its perfection. And of such men we select EvaristoQherardi, (i663=«1700) and Luigi Riccoboni (1675=1753) for our special studysince they left on record in writing something of what they did andtheir predecessors discovered, and, as men who acted in the theatre,created for the theatre and wrote about the theatre, their lives and wordsshould have a special value for the student of today.&amp; As their works have, with two exceptions, never been printed pre«viously in English, and as the books, even in the original French and Italian versions, are very rare and accordingly seldom read by members of the Englishstage, we hope that we are rendering some little service to the English theatre in makingthem accessible to all who care to know about that period of dramatic art which was themost courageous in its aim and the most successful in its &amp; The general reader must remember that what we are introducing to him was a phaseof the dramatic art almost without parallel; that it appealed not only to the people butto the aristocracy; in short, that it captured and held the Public,.... not merely a public,...for three centuries.&amp; The specializing reader, the one who looks keenly and deeply into things, will want toknow the reason for this, amd it is open to him to discover that reason for himself or tolet others forestall him.To us it seems quite evident that when that reason shall be clearly demonstrated tothe actors and the artists of the theatre a new form of Acting and a new form of Drama will come into existence. &amp; Qherardi andRiccoboni The importanceof the Com -media delTArte. A LETTER TO THE EDITOR FROM GORDON CRAIG. Gordon Craig. My dear Semar. ow well you are doing to print in The Mask for the younger generation thefacts about tha Connadii dell'Arte; your translations from the Italian areg.-eat blessings. I feel sure that the few students for whom they are publishedwill not fail to express their gratitude. Signor Scherillo's articles have given me]|great pleasure and the Biographical Notes are very valuable.^&amp; I understand that there is a great store of such material in Italy and elsewere and Isuppose you have just gathered the uppermost layer of it. Anyhow It is most exciting and ought to excite the younger generation. Will it ? That depends upon the stuff from whichthe boys are made. Most of 'em seem keener about eight to fifteen pounds a week thanas to whether Improvisation is a hard thing to master or how to set about mastering it.Still, everyone cannot be a master, and so the fewer who turn to this study the better.The others will be taught (at eight to fifteen pounds a head) later on.There was a cleverish young actor in London whom I first met some, nine yearsago in a theatre. I think he was playing the part of a cook. He looked well, he seemedinteresting ; he seemed out of the usual run. Then only last year I met him again inLondon. He said that one of the three famous playwrights had promised to write hima part. He was worrying about that part; it didn't hurry up enough for him; he was out of•work he was one of ten thousand others and was waiting for Barrie or Shawor Pinero, 1 forget which, to write him a part. A nice fellow, too ; but, great Jupiter,Apollo, Dionysus, the young fellow was waiting &amp;&amp; He'll wait right enough. Patience, what a vice it has become, what a blanketto put out the fire, what a cloak under which to hide the ashes of incapacity. And that'swhat thousands of English actors are doing... waiting for what they call " their chance ".If only I could help them, if only one could destroy these large liars who enslave theyoung fellows with their promises of a future to him who has patience to wait fora part. It seems that I am to have my school very shortly and 1 shall then be able to do some- thing for these men who haven't learnt how and when to rebel. " Revolutionary School "« Founded by Gordon Craig in Paris" or wherever it takes root. I anticipate the headlinewhich will appear in the kindly journals. Yet of all revolutionary persons I suppose therenever was one less revolutionary than I am. Instead of wanting to upset things I wantto get them straight again.When I changed the idiotic way of producing a play all I upset was the folly of pro- ducing it backwards. I cannot but feel convinced that the right way of producing a playis to produce it forwards.&amp; Yet some of the London managers at that time were producing plays backwards; callingjerkiness rhythm, gaudiness taste, amateurishness professionalism and reality, Art.And they are still up to these tricks, though everyone knows that confusion Is not order,nor the haphazard lawful in a work of art.&amp; Everyone acknowledges that it is wrong to put a bunch of ;real roses in the paintedhand of a painted figure on a canvas at the Royal Academy. It would be anarchy to actin such away; and yet such an anarchy is permitted In the London theatres. It is todestroy anarchy in the theatre, to expose the revolutionary principles which have disgracedour theatre for some time that I am working; therefore when my school is built it willbe dedicated not to Revolution but to Order, and we shall teach obedience there, notdisobedience, to what always was and will be the ruling principle of the Art of the Theatre;self-reliance and collaboration and quite a number of minor accomplishments, but weshall not encourage any of our pupils to wait patiently until Sir Arthur Pinero writes hima part or Mr. Barrie sees an opening for him in his next play. If there are no openings,no parts, we will make them, for we shall open wide the larger doors of the future to theactor so that he may with self-reliance know that all parts are ready for the comedianwho cares to undergo the training which gives the power to improvise, f A school veryshortly &amp; Anarchy in theTheatre &amp; To give placeto Order• (l) The expre33ioa, " Pfo'easiaaal comedy " refers to the execution, not to the subject, of the play. MLantzius. "CAPITAN FRACASSA" by Dr Michele Scherillo. FROM THE BALLI DI SFESSANIA. 1622. GIACOMO CALLOT: 1593-1635. Qnce upon a time there dwelt in Gascony a phantom of a Baron whose life was spent in* 44 contemplating his moth-eaten coat-of=arms which mouldered away day by day, and44 in awaiting the time when his crumbling castle should have finished falling about44 his ears and have buried him beneath the ruined greatness of his house.£/ 44 One wild night there happened to arrive at these ruins a company of strolling players44 who sought shelter from the storm and, among them, was one, Isabella the ingenue,44 who, by her modest and serious countenance, reawakened the soul in this ghost of a44 Baron. &amp;For love of her, he forsook that den of rats and bats disguised in the worn-out44 clothes of a provincial actor. He took the stage name of 44 Capitan Fracassa " and filled44 the place and the part of the dead Matamoros. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Such is the story which Theophile Gautier relates of Capitan Fracassa in his novel ofthat name, wherein he.gives an almost perfect idea of the nomadic life of those companiesof actors which, in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries, wandered about beneath theawning of a wagon drawn by oxen.&amp; These companies were for the main part made up of Italian vagabonds, without country,without name, rejected, cursed, and even refused by the Church burial in the commoncemetaries, but who, none the less, under their rags, yet bore witness that Italy wasnot dead. &amp; I do not pretend to make up a story in my turn; but rather to trace the historicaloutline of the 44 Capitano " type in the popular Italian comedy, from the earliest timeswhen he made his appearance on the stage until later, when he forsook it to reappear ina different costume.&amp; The Captain is one of the first types which the Italian Commedia dell' Arte pre- sents to us.He is the caricature of the vain-glorious Spanish soldier. To hear him talk one wouldthink that he wanted to swallow the whole world with its accompanying satellites, but ifin the midst of his boastings he hears a cry, a rustle of leaves, he stops short, stammers,trembles and takes to his heels. He has the figure of some grotesque creature, dry andparched ; is wrapped in a threadbare cloak and has, fastened at his side, a sword aroundthe sheath of which a spider has spun its web. He wears in his hat a long straight moth- eaten feather; with the fingers of his left hand he twists a pair of long and bristlingmoustaches while he lays his right solemnly upon the hilt of his sword. He styles himselfson of the Earthquake and the Lightning, cousin of Death and intimate friend of Beelze- bub : he is valiant enough to offer to pierce a mountain with his sword and to hurl themoon against the sun, and his appearance is so attractive that it fascinates all the womenwhom he meets.&amp; 44 Superposed as it were on to the Italian comedy, " writes Vernon Lee, 14 was the type 44 of the military adventurer, of the Spanish hidalgo, violent, tyrannical, overbearing and44 rapacious; a mixture of Don Juan, Pizarro and Don Quixote ; at first rather terrible44 than ridiculous, and growing into a bond fide comic figure, into a threadbare and hungry44 adventurer, a cowardly sonorous fire-eater, a Captain Fracassa or Matamoros, only in44 proportion as the redoubtable kingdom of Philip 11, odious but dignified, turned into the44 tattered Spain of the seventeenth century, execrable but ludicrous." (1)&amp; You may see a goodly number of them engraved by the burin of Giacomo Callot. Whatgrotesque figures and what a variety of types ! One must see, to be able to form any ideaof, those skeletons clothed in rags, upright, withered; forming, with the blades of theirlong swords, the figure of an ipsilon. &amp;&amp; And what names, and how many of them! There dances Pasquariello Truono with MeoSquamara, Capitan Bombardon with Capitan Grillo, (2) Capitan Babeo with Cucuba, (3) CapitanMala Gamba with Capitan Bella vita, Capitan Esgangarato with Capitan Coccodrillo, Cardoniwith Maramao, (4) Capitan Cerimonia with the Signora Lavinia, Capitan Spezza Monti withBagatino, (5) Cicho Sgarra with Colii Francisco, Scapino with Capitan Zerbino, (6) Scaramucciawith Fricasso, Taglia Canton! with Fracasso, (7) and in a corner, alone, drawn on a largerscale, is the 44 Capitan de' Baroni ". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;He bears displayed over his shoulder a tattered banner upon which is inscribed hisname; and, hung at his side, his pouch, porringer and flask. He has his right hand in asling and wears a flowing beard. His hat is full of holes and pulled over his eyes, with along plume ; his breeches and stockings so ragged as to leave the right leg almost bare.In the background of the little picture there is the figure of a blind man being led by anold man who, on seeing the Captain, writhes In terror and tries to escape, dragging theblind man after him.It is strange that Callot's 44 Fracasso " is not a captain at all. He wears a blouse anda pair of loose trousers like those of Pulcinella, a hat with a very wide peak and adornedwith feathers, a small cloak upon his shoulders, and in his hand a large dagger with whichhe pretends to fight with Taglia &amp;Riccoboni gives us two distinct figures of Captains,... the Italian and the Spanish. The former is in the act of posing, in all the pride of his tall figure, his stupendous pair ofmoustaches, the hilt of his long sword ; the latter in the attitude of one who, in insolentmanner, wards off a blow. (1.) 0000.^00^0 A prototype of the Spanish Captain is Captain Cardone, who, says Stefano Arteaga ofMadrid, with a certain bitter smile of offended national pride, " by reason of the ancient"goodwill of the Italian nation towards us, must always be made ridiculous on the stage." (3)He takes part in the " Amfiparnaso " of the Modenese Orazio Vecchi, a musical comedyperformed at Venice in IS97&gt; (3-) and he is graphically described to us in the "Fiera", a playby Michelangelo Buonarroti the younger, performed at Florence in the Carneval of 1618:" VedeteQuel Capitan Cardon stare interato,Scagliar le gam be e quei mostacchi neriSpietato arroncfgliarsiSimulando fierezza e crudeltade ;E granciti i pendagliColla sinistra, star pronto per porseLa destra a trar la spadaA fender monti e penetrar nel centro,Tagliar le corna a Pluto a per la codaPreso ed entrato poi quasi in savoreDelia palude Stige,Vivo e crudo ingolarselo. CodardoPoi piu di un blrro. Ecco ch'e' passa e spiraBravura, e pauroso par che stiasull'ali per fugglre: vera espressioneD'un poltron vantator valamedios (4)&amp; One of the first actors to represent the Captain on the stage was Francesco Andreini.Born at Pistoia in 1548 he became a soldier; then, enslaved by the Turks and liberated,he devoted himself to the theatre and acted as the Innamorato, as a Sicilian Doctor, andas Falsirone the magician, speaking various languages and singing and playing differentkinds of instruments. He called himself Capitan Spavento delia Vail' Interna, but -had alsothe names of " Ariararche, Diacatolicon, Leucopico, Melampigo: 44 Diacatollcon " meansuniversal capitan, 44 Capitan Ariararche " means leader of the militia ; Capitan Melampigomeans Capitan Blackbottom, and Capitan Leucopigo means Capitan Whitebottom. Hebelon- ged t0 the Company of the 44 Gelosi " directed by Flaminio Scala, one of the mostcelebrated companies in the history of the Italian improvised theatre, drawn from thedisbanded company of the 44 Comici Uniti » which in 1574 had united together the 44 Con- fidenti - and the ancient 44 Gelosi ". While Andreini was still playing the lovers' parts he made the acquaintance of the beautiful Isabella, the diva of the time, sung by both Italianand French poets, not excluding Tasso and Chiabrera, and made her his wife. At Lyons,when returning to Italy,_ Isabella died, and Andreini, heart-broken, would no longer appearupon the stage and devoted himself to publishing the 44 Letters " and 44 Fragments ofwritings " of his beloved wife. In 1607 he published at Venice 44 Le bravure del CapitanoSpavento " which he three times afterwards reprinted, and in 1618 the second part of the44 Bravure del Capitano Spavento ".These 44 bravure ", says a later actor, 44 are full of hyperboles because such were ne- cessary to the character of that personnage which our Francesco represented ; but they are14 not on that account lacking In fine philosophical sentiments and in a civil and restrainedwisdom " (1.)To Francesco and Isabella Andreini was born, in 1579, Glovan Battista, who likewisededicated himself to the theatre assd played the part of 44 Lelio " in the company of the44 Gelosl ". On the death of his mother, which took place in 1604, he, following his father'sexample, retired from the stage, but found himself unable to remain inactive. The follow- ing year he organized a new company which he called the 44 Comici Fedelis"44 oggi ancora il mondoRisuona de' Gelosl il nome eterno,Che fra palme et honor spiegare a I'auraVirtuoso vessil, cui seguon lieti(Emuli professor) quei, che FedeliComici appella I'uno e l'altro polo " (2.)sang Andreini himself. (3).&amp; In this new Company the part of the Captain was entrusted to GiroSamo Garavani ofFerrara, who took the name of 44 Rinoceronte " and played this personnage on the stagewith martial viguor, depicting fear and bragging of wondrous deeds too fantastic andfull of hyperboles for human belief. (4) He was very religious and of most exemplaryhabits, and It is said that, while acting, he lacerated his flesh with a hair shirt, whichwas found upon him, after his death, beneath his clothes. (5) He died at Paris on Oc- tober 2 1624.ln the meantime, in these same early years of the seventeenth century, there flourishedthe Neapolitan Silvio Fiorillo, who called himself 44 Capitan Mjitamoros", slayer of Moors ;and of whom a contemporary actor says that, ,4 in acting the Spanish Captain there hadbeen no one to surpass and perhaps few to equal him ". (6) jz?&amp; It seems from the name that he, more than any other, was a genuine caricature ofthe Spanish Rodomonts, and he toured with much success in Neapolitan companies andwith the Lombard companies of the 44 Accesl, " the 44 Affezionati" and the 44 RisolutiA poet, he wrote eclogues in the Neapolitan and Tuscan dialects, and various plays, suchas the 44 Tre Capitani vanagloriosi " printed at Naples in 2623: 44 La Cortesia di Leone edi Ruggero colla Morte di Rodomonte " at Milan in 1621, aud 44 Ariodante tradito inPavia in 1629. jZ? J?jg? But one fine day this actor flung away the cloak and sword of Matamoros, donned awhite shirt and a pair of loose white trousers like those worn by the peasants in the neighbourhood of Naples, and called himself " Pulcinella " I And, even if not himself Itscreator, it is to his talent that we owe it if this attractive type was able .... almost thesole survivor,... to outlive the Golden Age of the popular Italian theatre of the sixteenthcentury. The Spanish Captain, with all his bombast, ends by surrendering the field to Pul- cinella, although this latter never succeeded in freeing himself entirely from his influence.To the plays containing the part of the swaggering Captain Silvio Florillo added the" Lucilla costante con le ridicolose disfide e prodezze di Pulcinella " which he printed in 1632and which was his last work. &amp;?«&amp;&amp;&amp;?The competitor and rival of Matamoros, Capitan Coccodrillo,... that is to say, the Nea- politan Fabrizio de Fornaris,.,. in 1584 crossed the Alps with the company of the " Confi- dent " and took his way to Paris, to declaim to the public of that city his astounding deedsof valour. He usually spoke Spanish; &amp;&amp; " Combattiendo yo, vino una bala d'artilleria, y me dio tie la bocca y me sacco da ellados dientes, como veys, sin hazer me otro mal. Yo torno esta bala en las manos; y lavuelvo a tras contra Sos enemigos, y doy en una torre adonde havia mil y quinientos sol- dados, y la heche por tierra con matar todos los soldados la hige convertir en polvo, neaun quedo sennal adonde stava. Cleofila, viendo mi braveza, me vinb encontra con la espadapor matarme, yo paro con my espada y le corto el brazo y I'hecho per tierra con toda laespada, y despeces la torno per los cabellos y la hecho con tal furia azia al zielo, quellegada al fuso del hemispero lo rompe y entra nel qulnto zielo y halla Marte que jugava ataroque con Venus yle rompe la Venus empiega a critar aiudo aiudo; todos losDioses y las Diosas del zielo espantados llamavan h Jove que lo soccorriesse ; Jove, viendoMarte par tierra, espantado desto, viene a su ventana, quando yo rodeando mi espada contralos enemigos, parezia el fuego que salia della un nuovo Mongibello. Dixo: ninguno de vosotros diga nada, porque el que ha matado Marte, ha sido el Capitan Cocodrillo, y agora staenojando, podria venir en el zielo, y matarnos todos "(1&amp; 2) jZ? jZ? jZ?This terror of heaven and earth died in 1637. &amp; &amp;&amp; But the most famous of the actors who girded on the sword of the Captain was TiberioFioriliOj, " Scaramuccia " who was born in Naples in 1608 and died at the age of eighty sixin the year 1694. He did not create the part, since there already existed in the Companyof the " Fedeli " an actor named Goldoni who acted as " Scaramuccia " and to whomCallot gave a place in the " BalSi di Sfessania This mask "is the type of the Neapo- " litan adventurer, boastful and cowardly, more supple, less definite and less solemn" than the Spanish Captain ; lascivious, maintaining in this respect all the tradition of the" fescinnine licence " (3) He dressed all in black, even to the ribbons on his shoes, and Molidre, to signify a dark and starless night, makes an actor say that 44 the sky has clotheditself this evening like Scaramouche (1) &amp;Fiorillo visited all the theatres of Italy and in 1639 went to France where he receiveda most hearty welcome alike from Court and Public. 44 In Italy " says Riccoboni, 44 This44 personnage had never played any other part than that of the Captain, but in France he44 was so much appreciated that he was served up with all sauces. " &amp;His principle talent lay in facial expression, and for that reason he wore no mask butwhitened his face and blackened his eyebrows and moustache. 44 This excellent actor " saysa worthy critic, (himself a player), who was acquainted with him, 44 possessed to so high44 a degree of perfection this marvellous talent that he touched more hearts by simple44 natural means than the ablest speakers by the charms of the most persuasive rhetoric ",a fact which caused a great prince who saw him act in Rome to declare that 44 Scara- muccia does not speak and yet says everything " ; and, as a mark of his esteem, he sum- moned him after the play and made him a present of the coach and six horses in whichhe had been fetched. (2).It was from him that the upholsterer Gianbattiste Poquelin learned the art of acting,and from his scenarios that he derived the inspiration for some of his plays. So much so,indeed, as to cause Moland to say that, wherever in Moll&amp;re there is complicated action,there is imitation of the Italian Commedia. (1) Riccoboni has handed down his portrait tous, and the actor Angelo Contarini, (if indeed it be true that it was he), a life of him inFrench, although to this latter,.... and with every reason... all authority and veracityis denied. (3)Hardly any memory survives of 44Capitan Spezzaferro", (Giuseppe Bianchi,) who went toParis in 1639 and in 1645. Then, about 1655, Francesco Manzani walked the stages underthe name of 44 Capitan Terremoto his great stature and resounding voice winning forhim that disastrous name. And, as late as 1750, in the theatres of Naples, Nicola Boniti, aNeapolitan, gave infinite pleasure in the part of 44 Capitan Spacca " by the readiness of hiswit and the thorough knowledge which he possessed in all matters relating to his pro- fession. (4)After this date the part of the Captain was neglected to such an extent that In theyear 1781 Francesco Bartoli, in the 44 Notizie istoriche de' Comlcl Italian! " only speaks ofit as of a character gone out of fashion, while Francesco Cerlone, the playwright of Pulci- nella and of Don Fastidio, does not admit him to a place in a single one of his numerousplays. &amp;But, though neglected at the end of the eighteenth century, the Captain was restoredto honour in the nineteenth. From the gutter where the kicks of the 44 Lelios " and the44 Coviellos " had driven him and where the mocking smiles of the 44 Flaminias " and the44 Beatrices " had been directed to annihilate him, he raises himself very cautiously, and,behind the wings, changes his clothes. He sets on his head a tall white hat, girds his waistwith a red sash, dons a black jacket and a pair of white trousers, brandishes a malaccacane and reappears upon the stage with the title of guappo. (5) From the bragging Spanishsoldier of fortune he becomes the Neapolitan camorrista. The character is, however, fun- damentally, the same. In fact, In the booth of the puppet showman he has not even leftbehind his military name, he has only descended from the rank of Captain to that ofCorporal. He is in eternal opposition to Pulcinella and his rival in love; The action in these primitive comedies is always the same; the quarrels of Corporal Fasulo with Pul- cinella for the possession of Columbine's heart. And to this same Corporal Fasulo has remained... .indelible mark of ancient nobility... the enormous nose which formerly made so finea show upon the gaunt and terrible faces of " Spavento ", of 44 Francatrippa ", of 44 Bella- vita " and of the old &lt;4 Scaramuccia".&amp; In the Neapolitan Op£ra Buffe, that great and spontaneous manifestation of the Neapo- litan genius of the eighteenth century, the Captain occupies a conspicuous place towardsthe end of 1720, being there a singer as well as an actor. &amp;&amp; Let us now study our type in one single comedy,... in the " Patro' Tonno d'lsca "performed at Naples at the Theatre of the Florentines in 1714, a play of which the verse isby Agasippe Mercotellis and the music by Giuseppe Veneziani.One of the characters is Capita' Ciullo. He comes out upon the stage addressing his dis- course to 44 Uommene, uomenicche e uommennune ". (1) He believes himself an Adonis andsays that all the women are fulminated by the mere flicker of his eyelash. &amp;44 Saje che bbo' di', Clannello,Tieme', sta bella posta de cappiello,A la potta de diece !Sto pede 'nnante e sta sbattuta 'n terra,Sta spotazzelia jettata de sguinzo,Te farriano cade', che bbuo' che ddica,Comm'a no bello contePorzi' la Dea Caronte. " (2.)&amp; And for the beautiful ones he becomes a poet. In merely catching sight of their housesfrom a distance he falls into the poetic rage:44 Amor, che questo cor mi spacca e felia...(Chisto m'e 'sciuto da le catamella)E11a... e11a... ah si si... per Carminella...Non caddi no, precipitai di sella!Oh in toscana favellaVi' come corre il pie'..." (3.)and, roughly interrupted by a volley of stones in the back he only observes 44 It is lovewhich shoots " and continues his song. He hears laughter behind his back, turns, and seesan urchin who is mocking him. 44 Do you know who I am! " N0...44 Bennagg' o]o ITu non si de sto munno,Tu si no' gnorantone,Tu si n'&amp;seno 'nviso 'nverbo et opera.Siente, piezzo d'anchione,Siente lo nomme mio, apre st'aurecchie,Tremma da capo a pede,Mo' te faccio venire le petecchie..! (4.)44 I am dead! " cries the urchin. A crowd gathers and wants to fall upon Capita Ciullo who makes himself as small as possible, not understanding what has befallen him, andmurmurs :44 Vi' la mmalora I io sso' no maccarone,E unn'aggio fatto 111 aje male ana mosca.E mo' co no guaglioneVoleva fa lo guappo ! "and very softly, without being noticed, slips away. When he is seen far in the distance,running for his life, all burst into fits of laughter and the boy launches after him avolley of insults. &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; jp &amp; One may say that the type of the Captain retained its popularity so long as we hadthe Spaniards over us, and that, if not born at Naples, he certainly found his best fortunethere, since it was there that the dominion, and burden of that vainglorious nationweighed longest and most heavily. The Viceroy and the nobles declaimed on high, andCapitan Matamoros mimicked them in the piazza; while the people laughed, raising theireyes to the windows of the Viceregal palace I 44 Through our streets " says Del Tufo, de- scribing the Naples of the close of the Sixteenth century, 44 through our streets there marchwith lofty mien the vile and cowardly bullies. " &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;44 tra di noi tagliacantoniFracassaferri e manglacatenazzi,Portando a la cinturaCon certa lor tremenda intosciaturaArrabbiando da cani,II diavolo sempre ed alle mani ....Nel sembiante Ciclopi aspri e feroci,Polifemi ale voci,E ne le man' cotanti Briarei.Questi bravan, quest! animosi cori,Che ucciderian la morte,Riescono di sorteCos! buon traditoriChe non fu Giuda o Gano,Mostrando, al poner mano,La codardia piii d'ogni vil marrano " (2).&amp; Our lower classes listened to their amazing adventures, affecting terror and admiration,and sometimes tolerated their overbearing ways as if constrained thereto by the fascina*tion of the hero ; but not infrequently, so soon as the braggart had turned his back, attackedhim with jeers and rotten fruit, obliging him to run away. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; For the most part the actors who represented this character were themselves Neapoli*tans. But our public was not pleased to see him kicked by his fellow-citizen Coviello inthe booths and theatres, nor ridiculed In musical comedy; though it liked to hearthe story of his drubbings even in the little vernacular poems. Giulio Cesare Cortese makeshim the hero of the 44 Micco Passaro innamorato " sg? jg? jg? jg?44 Io canto chelle brave cortellate,Le fente, le revierze e fi scenniente, Li fuorte stramazzune e le mbroccateDe lo shiore de l'huommene vallenteE chille ammure tanto unommenateDa quante foro e so' ricche e pezziente,De chillo ch'e smargiasso porzi' muortoMicco Passaro nato' mmiezzo Puorto. " (1.)&amp; Micco was the capoparanza (2.) of the 44 guappi " who inhabited the quarters of the Duchesnaand the Porto and led them to war. He was quick to provoke a combat and always readyto lay his hand to his sword, but he was also nimble in taking to his heels as soon as hecaught a glimpse of an enemy's blade or the train of powder of an arquebus. Passing alongan alley in Naples he hears an uproar in a house near by. He goes up to see what is hap- pening and finds a number of women, among whom is Ills own lady-love, are desirousof throwing one of the most popular doctors in the city down stairs because he had shownhimself incapable of making a good suggestion. Micco raises his voice to restore order, butthe women, having assembled there for the very purpose of confabulating against him, hehaving instigated their lovers to go off to the war, fall upon him, and by force of kicks withtheir wooden shoes, cuffs, and slaps on the face, drive him into the street. Micco, allbruised, stops, regains his breath, and then, turning to the closed door of the houseexclaims in a bragging voice:44 Jesce cca co la spata ca t'aspecco,E te do conto de la vita mia ;E si non jesce, si no 'nfammo becco,E te lo provo 'mmiezzo de sta via " (3,)But suddenly, and quite contrary to his expectations, two men come out armed with guns:44 Ohime ! in'assassinate !Chest'e sopierhieria ! Vocche de fuoco !Ferma, potta de Nico, non Urate,Ca craje nee travarrimo a n'autro loco," (4.)and he luns away without looking back. They fire several shots after him, and he, sup- posing it to be a regular volley, doubles his speed amid hisses and yells,.&lt; 2* &amp;&amp; The orthordox critics, to whom a musty odour is pleasant, and who have claimed thatthe Cotnmedia dell'Arte of the Cinquecento is but a continuation of the ancient Atellanianfarce, naturally see in the Captain none other than the *4 Miles gloriosus " of Plautus (5)The points of resemblance are in fact, very striking.&amp; The Plautinian 44 Pyrgopolinices " comes out upon the stage saying to the servants ;See to it that the brightness of my shield be more brilliant than are the rays of the sun44 when the sky is clear, to the end that, when I use it, it may dazzle the enemy's sight,44 although they protect their eyes with their hands ". &amp;And he delights in hearing his own deeds of valour related by the Parasite, who in- vents astounding ones so as, by means of his cunning, to procure for himself a moresucculent dinner.I remember ", says the Parasite, 44 that you slew in a single day one hundred and fifty in Sllicia, one hundred Sicolatronidi, thirty Sards and sixty Macedonians44 And to how many do all these amount ? "44 To seven thousand44 Just so ! they must have been just so many. You are right ".44 Yet I have not noted down one of them : I recall them from memory ".44 By Pollux, you have a prodigious memory I "44 (It is my empty stomach which prompts it I) "And then in all affairs of the heart he is most tender. He has loved half the worldbut he has been loved in return by the whole. jz? jz&gt;44 All women love you " says the Parasite, 44and, by Hercules, they are not wrong, youare so handsome. " And he tells him how the fair ladies of the city, on seeing them passtogether, accosted him and pulled at his toga to ask if it were Achilles, and exclaimed44 Nae illae sunt fortunatae, quae cum isto cubanti " 44 A great misfortune, " observes theMiles, 44 to be a very handsome man ; Nimia 'st miseria pulchrum esse hominem nimis I&amp; Antemonides is another vainglorious soldier of the Plautinian drama, but he sins alittle in the matter of gluttony, being in this unlike any of his fellows, who, on the con- trary, take pleasure in satisfying the appetites of parasites so that these may discant upontheir memorable deeds. In the matter of boasting, however, he Is second to none. jZ?44 As I said to you, then, in that battle of five crowned kings I slew with my ownhands, in a single day, six hundred thousand flying men. "44 What I flying men ? "44 Certainly ".44 And wherever are the flying men ? "44 They were there, but I killed them. "44 And how did you do it ?44 I will tell you. I gave my soldiers birdlime and slings and bade them cover theselatter with leaves of coltsfoot. "44 And why ? "44 So that the birdlime should not stick to the slings44 Go on ! you tell lies marvellously ! And then ? ".44 In the slings they put some small globules of bird lime and I ordered that they should44 hurl these against those flyers. What need to say more ? When one of these was struck44 by the birdlime he fell to the ground like a stone, and, as fast as they fell, I slew them44 immediately, transpiercing their brains with one of their own feathers as though they&lt;4 had been turtledoves. And if, by the gods, these things did not really happen, may Jove44 never hear or grant my prayers I" (1)£? They certainly resemble each other ; but how is one to connect these two apparitions,...the 4Miles' of the Plautinian Comedy with the 4Capitano' of the sixteenth century comedy ?Rather is it necessary to go yet further back than Plautus, since the 44 Miles gloriouss" iscopied from the 44 Alazon " and the 44 Poenulus " from the 44 Carchedonius " of Menander,while a portrait which most closely resembles the Captain is to be met with in Lucianoin the person of a certain 44 Leontico " who, 44 the better to captivate the soul of Innide,44 boasts of his marvellous deeds of prowess in battle, and, among others, of a duel which44 he fought with the Satrap of Paflagonia. " (2)sZ? But, as with Pulcinella, so here, we have neither one single proof nor one single docu- ment which renders us certain that this type continued to exist during the Middle * Ages.44 What became of them during that long period of darkness ? " asks Vernon Lee. 44 Did44 they lurk, with the last remnants of paganism, in the rural festivals, playing their44 pranks in honour of antique gods disguised as mediaeval saints ? Did the Church absorb44 them, as it absorbed all the life that remained, and let them loose to dance, gesticulate,44 and jest among the donkeys and drunken clerks of the feast of fools or the inummers of 44 shrove«tide, humouring the love of the ridiculous and the gross in the same way as It44 did in the dirty and grotesque aplshness of the Cathedral fronts ? " &amp; &amp;I do not know and it does not seem so to me. Besides, I do not see the object of insis®ting to such an extent upon the hypothesis of a historical connection. At a time when aSpanish soldier, Miguel de Cervantes, succeeded In creating the genial type of the hidalgoDon Quixote de la Manclia who has also many points of resemblance to our Captain, couldnot the Italians, who had daily before their eyes these blustering fellows swollen with pride,create a 44 Capitano Spavento della ValFlnferna " or a self=styled 44 Matamoros " just as theGreeks and Romans had been able previously to create a 44 Miles Gloriosus " ?And besides, who is there to certify that the 44 Miles " was a popular type and notrather a creature of the individual imagination of the poet, having, however, a counterpartIn the contemporary life ? Might he not be, for instance, a creation such as 44 Fanfulla"or 44 Don Abbondio " 01* Don Quixote himself ? Whereas It is certain that the Italian Captainwas the personificatien of a sentiment common to all Italians of the Cinquecento : a typefirst presented by an actor, and then developed to suit their own taste by the peoplethemselves, approving with applause and correcting with hisses: and it seems to me thatthere! is nothing either unnatural or improbable in admitting that our swaggering fellowmay have sprung spontaneously from the inner consciousness of the Italian people of theCinquecento, without a shadow of plagiarism.&amp; It is conceivable, however, that the Idea may have been suggested to the actor whofirst presented that type 011 the stage through the reading of Plautus (1.) as was the case withmany other literary and artistic phenomena of the Renaissance; with musical drama, forexample, the first idea of which sprang from the reading of the Greek tragedians.&amp; This is probable, but it excludes the hypothesis of the silent tradition of more thanseventeen centuries : and one must also beware of falling into an optical delusion. If oneobserves the type of the Captain in the plays of the Cinque® or Seicento one hears againin them the Plautinian 44 Miles ". For example, .... to cite some of them,.... in thecomedies of Glambattista della Porta, the Captains 44 Basilisco " from the "Furiosa" (1609)44 Parabola " from the 44 Moro " (1607) 44 Gorgoleone " from the 44 ChSappinaria " (1609),44 Martibellonio " from the 44 Two Rival Brothers " (1601) 44 Trasiloco " from the 44 Olimpia "(1589), and 44 Dante " and 44 Pantaleone" from the 44 Fantesca " (1597) and the 44 Cintia "(1601), seem but pupils of 44 Pirgopolinice " who have inherited from their master his invin®cible bravery and his incessant boasting. je?But one cannot, on account of this hint of imitation, affirm that there have been twodifferent manifestations of that type in Italy, the one derived from the literary tradition,the other spontaneous and popular. On the contrary, it seems certain that, when the regularCommedia appropriated from the public squares the already-formed masks and types andwith them the Captain, noting the likeness which he bore to the ancient Plautiniancharacter, it retouched the sixteenth century braggart with the vivid and characteristiccolours of the Roman soldier, and this retinting has occasioned an optical delusion inthe later critics.A famous art critic, Signor Ugo Fleres, puts forward a most reasonable and ingeniouscomparison; 441t seems to me", he says, "that the 44Guappo" stands in the same relation to44 the 44 Capitan Fracassa " as this latter to the 44 Miles gloriosus ". That is to say, that as44 the 44 Miles was born from the insolence of the Roman soldier and the 44 Fracassa " from" the boasting of the Spanish soldier, (and perhaps also the Basque) so is the 44 Guappo "44 born of the braggings of our 44 lazzarone (2.) They all have their roots in the society44 In which they live so that they are all derived the one from the other, as much, re® 44 spectively, as are their social surroundings; they resemble each other, not by the heritage44 of artistic traditions but of necessity through their very nature ". (1)But my readers must not think that the 44 Fracassas " were always base in their deedsand boasters in their words. There Is in the history of the Italian dialectic literatureanother 44 Fracassa ", no longer Don Quixotian but a real giant. &amp; &amp;44 Cujus strips olim Morganto venit ab illoQui bachiocconem campanae ferre solebat" (2.)£/ He is one of the heroes of the 44 Opus macaronicum " of Teofilo Folengo and the mostattractive. His size was immense. Imagine that with the mere lobe of one of his ears fivepairs of shoes could be made! There was no horse that could carry him:44 Quando scandit eos smagazzat more fritadae 99 (3).and his boldness and strength were such as to cause his companions to exclaim,44 Ire sub Internum tuti poterimus adessum,Postquam nobiscum venit haec montagna gigantis " (4)But this 44 Fracassus "is akin to the Captain of the same name as were Orlando orAmadigi to Don Quixote! (5) &lt;£? zz? &amp; &amp; &amp; Gautiers i' Capi- tan Fracassa. " &amp; The type of44 The Captain &amp; The Balli diSfessania. &amp; Callot'sFracasso. &amp; &amp; C a p it anC at done . &amp; FraneescoAndreini. C a p it anRinoceronte. &lt;£? Capi t anMatamoros. Pulcinella. CapitauCoccodrillo. &amp; Scaramaccia. Three otheiCaptains. &amp; 44Capita Ciullo". His poems. And misfortunes &amp; The Spanishinfluence. &amp; Micco Passaro. The Milesgloiiosus. 44 Antemonides "and his exploits. .&lt;&amp; A yet olderCaptain. &amp; The ItalianCaptainj&amp; &amp;A possibleorigin. &amp; An ingeniouscomparison. A genuine giant. (I) See also pages 147-8 NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. &amp; Vernon Lee. Studies of the Eighteenth Century in Italy. London; Satchel), 1880.Page 235=236.2. &amp; 3. j&amp; See Illustrations facing page 108 in " The Mask " January. 1911. &amp; &amp;4. &amp; Maramao is presented in the act of pointing an enormous clyster at Cardoni. It isworthy of notice that the name of the valiant Neapolitan soldier, the conqueror of Ferruccioshould have afterwards passed to a buffoon type of the Commedia delPArte. In the44 Balduino ", a work by Pierre Corneille, translated into Italian by the Abbot Gigli ofSiena, (Bologna, Longhi, 1716) a 44 Capitano Maramao " a foolish slave keeper, plays a part.The following extract from the eighth scene is characteristic:&amp; 44 Who goes there ? seize him ! thou art a dead man I It is a column ! (colonna), well44 for thee that thou wast not a Colonel! (colonnello). Bully! I swear by the left whisker of44 Mars that this envious night always plays its tricks on Captain Maramao. It has made44 me waste a sword-thrust which, striking on the rebound the turban of the Grand Sophi44 would have hurled his head against the temples of the Grand Mogul, and the temples44 of the Grand Mogul into the moustache of the King of China, and that moustache into44 the memory of the King of Japan, leaving that monarch until the fourth generation a44 man of poor memory. But thils is the fault of my impetuous nature. I set my hand to44 my flashing sword and immediately it grew dark. I carry the daylight in my eyes, but44 when I draw my sword the universe wraps itself in gloom. &amp;A reference as to the later tradition relating to the name Maramaldo is to be foundin G. de Blaslis's 44 Fabrizio Maramaldo ed i suoi antenati " (in the 44 Archivio storico perle provincie napolitane ", a. 111, fasc: IV. pg. 815=6) and also in A. Luzio's 44 Fabrizio Ma- ramaldo, nuovi documenti " (Ancona, Morelli, 1883, page 104).5. 6. 7. See Illustrations facing pages 108 and 116 in The Mask. January 1911. &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. &amp; Hlstoire du Theatre Itallen. &amp;■&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;2. &amp;3. &amp;Le rlvoluzioni del teatro musicale dalla sua orlgine fino al presente "by Ste- fano Arteaga. and edition, Venice 1785. Vol 1. page 263. The monograph, "l'opera buffonnapohtana ", chapter 1. and especially the article by Luigl Lianovosanl, (Q. Salvioli), inthe Gazzetta Musicale di Milano, 39th year, numbers 17 and 18. (37 April and 4 May 1884).4. 0 See that Captain Cardone standing there stiff with pride, planting his feet far apart,and twirling those black bristling moustaches of his; simulating pride and cruelty. Andsee him then, seizing their drooping ends with one hand, stand ready with hisright to draw his sword and with it cleave mountains and, penetrating to the very centre,cut off the horns of Plutus, and, seizing him by the tail and entering almost intothe mire of the Stygian marsh, swallow him alive and raw. A coward is he rather than acatchpoll. Behold him, breathing forth his bragging words while all the time he seemstrembling, on the point of taking to flight. A true example is he of a cowardly boastful" Valamedios "5. The •' Bravure del Capitano Spavento, divise in moiti ragionamenti in forma didialogo di Francesco Andreini da Pistoia, comico Qeloso Venice 1634. Dialogue XVII. 0 NOTES AN &amp; TRANSLATIONS.1. Notizie istoriche de' comici i tali an i che fiorlrono intorno alPanno 1550 fino a' giornipresent! " by Francesco BartoSi of Bologna, Padua ; Corzatti Vol. 1. Page 12. jzz2. jg? The world today yet echoes the eternal name of the 44Gelosi" who, amid applause andhonours, displayed upon the breeze their glorious banner; and after whom joyously follow,(competitors in the same profession), those who are known from the one pole to theother as the 44 Fedeli Comici " j&amp;&gt; 3. La Saggia Egiziana.4. &amp; Francesco Bartoli. Notizie istoriche de' comici italiani. (See Note 8). jg?5. 44 La Suppllca ; discorsi famigliari intorno alle Commedie " by Nicolo Barbieriknown as Beltrame.6. Pier Maria Cecchin!; 44 Frutti delle moderne commedie ", page 35. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.(i.) jZ/ From the " Angelica " a play by De Fornaris himself 1585, Act 1. Sc: 48.(2.) JZ? While I am fighting there comes a cannon ball and strikes me in the mouth,knocking out, as you see, two teeth, but without doing me any further harm. I turn thisbail round in my hands and hurl it back against the enemy, and, striking a tower in whichare fifteen hundred men, knock it down, killing all the soldiers and reducing the wholeto dust so that there remains no trace of it whatever. jz? jz?&amp; Cleofila, seeing my valour, comes against me sword in hand to slay me; S parry her blowand with mine cut off her arm and fling it on the ground together with the sword. Then! take her by the hair and fling her with such fury against the sky that, on reaching thecentral point of the hemisphere, she breaks through it and enters into the fifth heaven*finds Mars playing at chess with Venus, and breaks his head. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Venus begins to cry out "help ! help 1" and all the gods and goddesses of Olympus, ter- rified, call on Jove to help them. &amp; jZ? &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Jove, seeing Mars lying on the ground, and being frightened by the whole affair*comes to his window, and, while I brandish my sword against the enemy till it flashes likethe fire rising from some new Mongibello, says: "Be silent, all of you, for he who hasslain Mars is Capitan Coccodrillo, and now he is so enraged that he might come intoheaven and slay us all. " &amp; (3.) Moland. Moliere et la comedie italienne. page 165. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. Le Sicilien ou I'Amour peintre, 1667. Sc: 2. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;2. &amp; Evaristo Gherardi, 44 Le Theatre italien ou la recueil g£n6ral de toutes les comedieset scenes Francoises jouees par les Comediens Italiens ". Paris, 1717* In the play in Volume 144 Columbine avocat pour at contre ", Act 3, Scene 7.&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;3. &amp; Compare Adolfo Bartoli, 44Scenari inediti", page 170 and following. The writer who in- veighs against the falsity of this unfounded romance is Gherardi, see preceding note.4. Bartoli. 44 Notizie istoriche " etc* &amp; &amp; &amp;5. 44 Guappo " may mean an audacious or self-assertive person, used chiefly of the lowerclasses or it may signify the equivalent of the modern 44 Hooligan &amp; &amp; NOT&amp;S AND TRANSLATIONS.1. Men, big men and small men. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;2. &amp; Do you know what this means, Cianniello ? Look i This fine way of putting on one'shat, this planting of one's foot well forward, this stamping, and this sidelong spitting makesuch an impression that it would bowl over any on-looker, were he a great noble or oneof the gods themselves! &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;3• Love, which this heart of mine cleaves and imbitters,... (Why, what a splendid phraseI've turned out now !) She... she... ah yes, ah yes, for Carminella I did not merely fall,but flung myself from the saddle! (Oh, how well the metre runs in the Tuscan tongue !)4. &amp; Bless your soul, you're not of this world, you're a great silly fellow, an ass in looksand speech and all you do ; listen, you stupid thing, listen to my name ; open those earsof yours, tremble from head to foot, for now I'll make your flesh &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.I Just see what bad luck ! I* rn' but a poor silly fellow who never harmed a fly, andnow with a boy I wanted to play the bully. &amp;2, See the Monograph on the 44 Opera buffa napolitana." pages 55 and following. jg?3. &amp; Among us these cutters of corners, smashers of iron and devourers of chains, movewith tremendous affrontary and noisy as dogs, having the devil ever at their side and beingever ready to come to blows. In appearance the}' are like violent and ferocious Cyclops, invoice so many Polyphemuses and in their blows like Briaseo. These braggarts, these over*bearing spirits who would slay death itself, prove themselves greater traitors than eitherJudas or Janus, showing, so soon as a hand is laid upon them, more cowardice than thebasest serf. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.l. &amp; I sing of the noble stabs, the feints, the cuts, the thrusts, of the flower of valiantmen, and of the love affairs, (so celebrated among all to whom they were known, whetherrich or poor) of him who, even when dead, strikes terror; I mean of Micco Passaro, whowas born in the midst of the Porto, (The Porto is a part of Naples. Ed.) &amp;Capoparanza ". The head of a society or association of persons similarly employed.3. Come here with your sword for I'm awaiting you, and I'll soon let you know whoI am , and if you don t come you're a horned villain, as I'll prove to you in the middle ofthis street. 4. Oh, oh, you re killing me! this is an outrage! a gun! stop! don't fire, for so tomorrowwe may meet again in another place. &amp; &amp; &amp;is. " Certainly this type descends from the 44 Miles of Plautus. "A. Bartoli. 44 Scenariinediti ". pages 18 &amp; 19. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; NOTLS AND TRANSLATIONS.1. Plautus. 44 Poenulus. " Act 2. 2. See Camerini: 44 I Precursor! del Goldoni ". Milan 1872. pages 47-48. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. It is very noteworthy that in 1567, in the presence of Charles IV and of Catherine de'Medici at the Hdtel de Reims, Antoine de Baif, who boasted of having given 44 the Frenchfashion of dress and the French speech to the actors of Terence " had represented a playentitled 44 Le brave ou Taille-bras", which was In part translated and in part Imitated fromthe 44 Miles gloriosus " (See Charles Gidel, 44 Histoire de la littdrature page 242.2. "Lazzarone" is used among the common people In Naples to describe an idler. jst NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. 44 Ancora del Capitan Fracassa, More about Capitan Fracassa, in 44 Capitan Fracassa"for September 26. 1880.2. j&amp; "Whose race originally decended from that Morgante who used to carry the clapperof the bell "3. Teofili Folengi 44 vulgo Merlini Cocaii Opus macaronicum 9&gt; etc. Part 1. Amstelodami2768, J. Braglia. 44 Macaronea ", 11, pages 99 and 100. 44 When he mouts he crushes themflat as pancakes jz? sZ? •£&gt;4. Macaronea " XVIII, volume 11. page 222. 44 We could now go safely to the bottom ofHell itself since this mountain of a giant accompanies us. "d&amp; Ugo Fleres, who, In the paper 44 Capitan Fracassa 99 for Sept: 26th 1880 published aletter to me in reference to my historical sketch of the Captain=»type published In thenumber for September 12 of the same Journal, (and which was the basis of the presentstudy), observes, in regard to this comparison of the Captain with Don Quixote : 44 Don44 Quixote is in spirit as much of a hero as Orlando and Amadigi: and if, instead of44 cutting down Moors, he fights with windmills and makes his breakfast off drubbings44 the fault is in his muscles and not in his spirit, which is, on the contrary, the more44 heroic in as much as he does not lose his paradoxical courage at the most violent44 caress of the cudgels, whereas all the heroes of the Round Table would have per- -44 haps bowed their proud heads if they had received but the half of what the Hidalgo44 received. jZ? js? j£? &amp; Here is Orlando: a hero, permit me to express myself thus,.... both in soul44 and body. Little by little his muscles wither, his fresh colour fades, his skin, which44 seems like an ancient parchment, clothes a walking skeleton, a kind of stockfish, In44 which, however, there continues to beat the heart of Orlando, In which there yet burns44 a brain drunk with glory:... it is Don Quixote de la Mancha, &lt;4caballero andante".44 But all at once the 44 Hidalgo " pulls himself together; the dull iris of his eyes44 usually veiled by the upper lid, is fully disclosed by the raising of this and by the dreadful44 arching of the eyebrow: then, with the tips of his thumb and forefinger he turns up44 the bristles of his moustache as though, as Gautier's 44 Matamoros says, to pierce the%44 very sky with them: next a tremendous step forward, an oath like an earthquake on his44 lips ~.. and we have Capitan Fracassa. jgr *&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;«« But we must not go too fast. The heart of Orlando is dead ; the heart of Don Quixote44 beats no longer. Capitan Fracassa is a mask like Don Quixote, but not a true Don Quixote ;44 he is not even a caricature of one ; in fact the 44 Hidalgo " is already himself a ca»44 ricature. 44 The Captain and the 4Guappo' are of the same race. The family of the della Mancha44 is as far removed from them both as it Is itself from the "Montaulon". &amp; &amp; BIOGRAPHICAL NOTES TO THE PRECEDING ESSAY. J.S. Stefano. A Spanish Jesuit and litterateur. Born in 1747, he afterwards spentmany years in Italy at Bologna, moving later to Paris where he died in 1799. He wrotethe 44 Rivoluzioni del Teatro musicale " which was first published in Italian and of whichan abridged edition afterwards appeared in French under the title, 44 Les Revolutions duthe&amp;tre musical en Italle, depuis son origin© jusqu'a nos jours ". He also left the manuscriptof an Italian work, 44 del Ritmo sonoro et del Ritmo muto degli antichi: dissertazioni 7",and Grainville, to whom he had entrusted the translation into French, says that in it theauthor had drawn upon the most celebrated writings of antiquity, treating therein of music,poetry, grammar, pantomime, the dance, etc. and adds that, according to the opinions ofseveral leading savants, the discoveries of Arteaga as set forth in this work are absolutelynew and most essential to art.Giuseppe. An actor who flourished about the middle of the Seventeenth centuryunder the name of Capitano Spezzaferro. The Freres tell us that, during the twoyears (1668=79) during which the famous Scaramuccia, (Tiberlo Fiorilli) was, by permission0of the Court, absent In Italy, his place in Paris was taken by a new and most able Italianactor whose talent was such as to cause his celebrated predecessor to be but little missed;and they add that on Fiorilli's return this actor, Bianchi, surrendered the part of Scara- muccia and took again that of the Captain, which he seems to have played previouslyin 1645* &amp;Giacomo or Jacques. Engraver born at Nancy in 1592. He lived a short adventurouslife,... the life of an artist, 44 accompanied, " his biographer tells us, 44 de misere et dejoie." When scarcely twelve, being opposed by his parents in his desire to become a painter,he ran away from his home, and, having no resources, joined a company of gypsies or playersbound for Italy. He reached Florence and there began to study, but, being recognised bysome merchants, he was sent back to his father. This happened more than once until he atlast obtained permission to remain in Italy. He returned later on to Nancy in the serviceof Henry Duke of Lorraine, and this prince's favour, added to his own talents and charmof character, quickly won him success.jg/ After the capture of Nancy he was urged to engrave a souvenir of this conquest, butreplied proudly that 44 he would sooner cut off his thumb than do anything contrary tothe honour of his prince and country ". Louis XIII, admiring the artist's fine spirit, acceptedthis refusal and even offered him a pension of five thousand francs to enter his own service,but Callot, preferring liberty to all else, refused. *&amp; &amp; &amp;His works are far too numerous to name, but those which have a peculiar interest forthe student of the theatre are his 44 Balli di Sfessania " (many of the figures from whichappear in this and the preceding number of The Mask) and Illustrations of pageants andscenes from plays. He died at Nancy on March 27th, 1635 at the early age of forty two. MiguelMiguel Saavedrade de. Was born at Alcala de Henares on October 9, 1547 ofan ancient family. He spent many years as a soldier and in the course of them was madea slave and sent to Algiers. It was not until after his return to Spain in 1584 that he ap- pears as an author, writing about thirty plays which are said to have won great applausewhen performed, but of which all but two were afterwards lost. In 1604 he published thefirst part of 44 Don Quixote ", the great work upon which his fame rests, and of which a continuation appeared in 1615. Cervantes also wrote a collection of plays in the style of thenew school which had been introduced by Lope de Vega, and these, though never acted,were published in Madrid in 1615. His death took place at Madrid on April 23, 1616, being thesame day as that of his great contemporary Shakespeare.CoRTESE. Giulio Cesare. A Neapolitan poet born in 1570. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;pIORILLO, Silvio. Italian Actor born in Naples in the second half of the sixteenth century.He performed first under the name of Capitan Matamoros and later under that of Pul- cinella. He wrote various plays and poems, of which 44 The Three Vainglorious Captains "was published at Naples in 1621. The date of his death is uncertain, but as he was alreadyleader of a company in Naples in 1594 when he could hardly have been less than twentyyears of age, and as the date of his last publication is 1632 when he would, according tothe former supposition, have been nearly seventy, it seems probable that he died soon afterthat date. His son Glovan Battista was also an actor, performing under the name ofTrappolino.pIORILLO, Tiberio. Italian actor born in Naples in 1608. He was one of the most celebratedcomedians of the seventeenth century, and was for about fifty years the delight of hisaudiences under the name of Scaramuccia. According to his biographer Angelo Costantlnihe was the son of Silvio Florillo, but this assertion, when tested by dates, and viewed inthe light of Costantinl's erroneousness on almost all points of his hero's [life seems verydoubtful.pOLENGO, Teofilo. Born at Capada near the lake of Mantua in 149 L he entered the Orderof St. Benedict in 1507, but, falling deeply in love, he forsook the cloister to follow thelady and they wandered together from place to place for many years. About the year 1526,however, he returned to his Order and died in a monastery in the territory of Vicenzain 1544. He wrote various plays, among them being 44 La Pinta " or 44 La Palermita ", adrama treating of the Creation and the Fall of Adam, and various other religious plays.pORNARIS, Fabrizio de. An actor who recited in the second half of the Sixteenth centuryin the famous Company of the Confldenti. He was in France in the years 157* and 1584*and while there he published the 44 Angelica ", a prose play in five acts, which has a cer- tain value and interest as the work of an expert actor. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;/TARAVANI, Girolamo. An Italian actor celebrated under the name of 44 Capitan Rinoce- ronte ". Beltrame gives his name as 44 Garavini ". He married an actress named Isabellaand was with the Company of the Fedeli in Paris in 1621 and died in that city on October2, 1624. £?' &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Claude. A French artist born at Langres 1673, died in Paris 1722. Having begun hisstudies under his father, himself a painter, he was sent to continue them in Paris underJean Battiste Corneille, a historical painter ; but the boy, endowed with keen imaginationand impatient of the course of study laid down for him, preferred to escape from the studioand, wandering about the streets and squares, study from life and especially from theactors who performed in the public places, and his work chiefly represents popular scenesand burlesue adventures. He was the master of Watteau. He also directed the scenery andcostumes at the Opera, and published' the 44 Livre d'Ornements, de trophies, cul-de-lampeet desslns " and 44 Le Theatre Itallen ", a volume of scenes from plays, some of which arereproduced In The Mask.&amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; &lt;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&lt;&amp;&lt;&amp;iMANZANI Francesco. An actor who was playing, according to Francesco Bartoll, aboutthe middle of the seventeenth century. His stage name of 44 Terremoto " was suggestedby his great stature and powerful voice. As well as playing the part of the Captain he alsowrote at times for the Theatre, and he translated into Italian prose the Spanish play, 44 Agran danno gran rimedio ", Turin, Zanpta, 1661. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; Buonarroti the younger. Born in Florence 156&amp;, he was the son of Leo- nardo, a nephew of the great Michelangelo. He was a member of the Academy of theCrusca, and, being a very learned man and most zealous for the honour of the Italianlanguage, was employed on the first edition of the Vocabulary of the Crusca. He publishedmany poems, dramas and orations for the celebration of festivals, marriages, the visits offoreign Princes and other like occasions, and displayed great talent for such compositions.But his chief fame arose from a rustic comedy in verse, the '* Tancia " which he publishedin 1612 and from another, the " Fiera the action of which was divided into five days andtwenty-five acts. This latter piece was performed in 1618 and published In 1626. In both ofthese plays he introduced a great number of actors and displayed much skill in handlingthe manners and customs of the Tuscan peasants. He made a collection of his uncle's poemswhich he published In 1623. He died on January 11, &amp; &amp;pORTA, Giambattista della. A Neapolitan, born in 1540. He was a celebrated scientificscholar and writer. He also wrote tragedies, tragicomedies and scenarios, the best-knownof these latter being the ** Trapolaria " which was derived from one of the plays of Plautus,the " Pseudolus ", and which is interesting as showing how a sixteenth century playwrightset about adapting a classic play as a scenario for the stage of his own day. He died In 1615.'jpUFO, Giovanni Battista del. Born 1546, died 1623. An ecclesiastical historian who wrotemuch about the life of Naples of that period. &amp; &amp; VECCHI, Orazio. An Italian monk and musical composer who died in 1605. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.j&amp; 44 The figure in Italian art which most nearly resembles that of Don Quixote is the very" charming, the mad, the brilliant figure of Fanfulla da Lodi. Don Quixote is in relation to44 Fanfulla as a Spaniard of that period, domineering, insolent, but yet courageous* is to44 an Italian,... always of that same period ... without country but not without honour;44 without God but not without ideals; mad but valiant. "£? 1 have left my phrase without modification on purpose to be able to quote this finecomparison of Fleres's. &amp; jzr &amp; THE INTRODUCTION TO "LE THEATREITALIEN" of EVARISTO GHERARDI,Written by himself; Translated, with aBiographical Note upon the Author by D. Nevile Lees. D. N. L. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. (1) CLAUDE GILLOT. 1673-1722 mong the most delightful as well as the most useful books forthe student of the Italian Improvised Commedia dell' Arte isundoubtedly 44 Le Theatre Italien " by Evaristo Gherardi.Indeed, (according to Professor RasS) it is, with the exceptionof the Scenarios of Flaininio Scala, the most important of allfor the history of the Italian actors. No mere literary man could have achieved what he hasachieved. The book is emphatically .... as should be all writingsfor or about the theatre... one carried from the stage to thestudy and not from the study to the stage. That its contentshave literary charm, afford pleasant reading, is an added, not an essential grace, for that which is only complete in the theatre is essentially, andrightly, incomplete in any other form. &amp; &amp;The book gives evidence on every page of its theatrical origin. It tells us just what wowant to know and nothing that we do not. It tells us what Arlecchino, when in love withColumbine, said and did, not what some poet had prepared for him to say or do: it showsinto what words and gestures a comedian would expand the bare scenario direction of ascene of despair " or 4&lt; scene of misunderstanding ", not what the playwright, pen inhand, planned for him to do. It tells us, in some brief pause taken from setting down thewords of the dialogues, of the facial expression of that 44 Scaramuccia " whose silence wasmore expressive than other men's speech, and who, by merely sitting in his armchair, guitarIn hand, could keep the audience for a good quarter of an hour in roars of laughter at hisvaried manifestations of terror at the unseen presence ef Pasquariei behind his chair; orit explains that certain rows of stops introduced into the text indicate that 44 here Arlec- chino changed his tone and his gesture ".... though, indeed, we knew they meant thateven without being told, so living were the words themselves! One feels, from the firstpage one reads, the fundamental difference.... considered in regard to their quality, notto their degree.... between these plays and those of Shakespeare; between the works ofthe poet, belonging to the world of literature, and those of the actor, belonging to andcreated in the world of the stage. The figures of the former shape themselves in our ima- gination in ideal scenes and surroundings which fade and recede before the impact with thereal when some equivalent of them is offered to us in wood and painted canvas; they be- ' ong to the region of the purely imaginary: are complete as they speak to us from theprinted page, lose instead of gaining by being set upon the stage. &amp;The latter, on the contrary, however delightful in the reading, call in every line forhe theatre to round off their incompleteness, and the images they evoke are not of remote'beings of some world apart, 44 east of the sun and west of the moon " where no mortalever entered, but of those swift, lusty and immortal figures of the Italian Commedia, thosepure-blooded sons of the Mediterranean who had in their veins as much of the ranknessas the refinement of the earth. Men of genius, they needed no poets to give them inspiration,to shape their speeches or set loose their tongues ; men of fertile imagination, they couldstir the same in their audience without calling to their assistance the illusions of the stu- dio painter; men of action, they needed no playwrights to plan their plots and developtheir situations; but, by their own individuality, created a living drama in which the lite- rary man with his petrified plays had no part, and which held the stage triumphantly forover two hundred years.One such was Evaristo Gherardi, actor, and compiler of 44 Le Theatre I tali en. Of his life we know but few facts which can be relied upon apart from his theatricalcareer. Francesco Bartoli would have him a Ferrarese who 44 was a- clever actor in the partof the Innamorato ", but a later writer, (1) weighing all the evidence, sets Bartoli's infor- mation regarding him aside as erroneous, and states him to have been the son of a certainGiovanni Gherardi* of Spoleto, himself an actor of considerable talent, who mad.e his firstappearance at Paris in 1677 in the play 44 Arlechin Berger de Lemnos " under the name of44 Flautino " which he selected on account of the numerous wind instruments which heknew how to imitate with his mouth. In fact his talent for music was evidently a markedone since as Robinet, in a rhymed letter of January 5 1675 tells us, he could give forth,44 de son seul gosier44 un concert de flutes entier!" (2)and was also skilful with the guitar as is recorded in a verse beneath his portrait byBonnart: 44 Avec sa guittare toucli^eplus en maitre qu'en ecolieril semble qu'il tienn© cache©une flute dans son gosier ". (3)Skilled as he was alike in music and acting, this elder Gherardi won considerable po- pularity and applause, and his association with the Comedie Italienne would have probablybeen of long duration had he not been, on account of his 44 depraved habits ", first impri- soned and then expelled from France. &amp;&amp;&amp;?*£?&lt;&lt;&amp;;&amp;&lt;£?Of this debonnaire but disreputable person and of his wife Leonarda Galli was born inthe little town of Prato in Tuscany on November 11, 1663 (according to the Biblfografiapratese) a son who received the name of Evaristo, and who, after concluding his studiesin philosophy, made his debut at the Comedie italienne in Paris on October 1, 1689, playingthe part of Arlecchino in Regnard's play 44 The Divorce " which had been acted for thefirst time at the Hotel de Bourgogne on the 17 th of March 1688 with Domenico Biancolelliin the caste.Of this debut Gherardi himself gives an account which, in its naive self-satisfactioncertainly proves that he had little need to use the Scotchman's prayer, 44 Lord, gie' us aguid conceit o' oursel's "IThe play " he says, 44 had no success in the hands of the late Signor Domenico. It had.44 been cut out of the repertoire and the parts burned; I, who had never before appeared44 on a stage and had just left th© Collegio della Marca where I had completed my course44 of philosophy under Doctor Balli, chose it for my first attempt. (October 1 1689) when I44 appeared before the public by order of the king and of Monsignore, and such and so great44 was the success that it brought very great gain to the &amp; &amp;&amp; 44 Were I a man to pride myself on the talent with which nature has endowed me for the44 stage, whether with uncovered face or with the mask, in the leading roles, both serious44 and comic in which, amid applause, I have been seen to shine before the eyes of the44 most gracious and intelligent spectators, I should have plenty with which to satisfy my44 Rinout propre. I should say that I have done more, at the beginning of my career and44 in my early youth, than illustrious actors after twenty years of practise and in the flower44 of their age. But I protest that, far from being puffed up on account of such rare talents,44 I have always considered them as the result of my lucky star rather than of merit, and44 if anything has been able to beguile my spirit to such a comparison, it was nothing else44 but the pleasure of hearing myself applauded after the inimitable Signor Domenico, who44 carried to such a pitch the excellence of the burlesque in the part of Arlecchino that44 whoever may have seen him act must always find something to criticise in the most44 famous Ar leech in os of his time ". JZ? Gherardl continued to act at the Comddie italienne until its suppression in 1697, anddied suddenly on August 31 1700 from a blow on the head received in a fall during a per- formance with Thorilliere and Poisson at Saint-Maur where he had been to offer a copyof his book " le Theatre Italien " to Monsignore, &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The following description of his appearance is given in •• Le ponipe funebre d'Arlechin "Paris, Jean Musier, 1701) ;Je commence par son portrait.Tune le vis que sous le masque,et qu'avec son pourpoint de Basque;II n'dtait ni bien, ni mal fait,grand ni petit, plus gras que maigre11 avait le corps alaigre.Le front haut, Toell foible mais vif.Le nez tr&amp;s significatif,et qui promettait des merveilles.La bouche atteignoit ses oreilles;son teint dtoit d'homme de feu,son menton se doublait un peu,son encolure assez petitele menagait de mort subite.Pour voir au vif son vrai portraitil faut voir le fils qu'il a fait,a mon avis il lui ressembie,hormis qu'il est un peu vulcain,ce que n'etoit pas Arlequin,ou pour le moins il me le semble. (1)Thus really all that we know of this actor is summed up in a very few, though suffi- cient, facts .... his birth, parentage, death ; the number of years he spent at the Comddieitalienne, the name of the mask under which he played, and then .... that which containsall, sums up all the rest and brings us near to the man himself... the work by and in whichhe lives.It is, as already said, emphatically an actor's book compiled by an actor. In it we havethe scenes, the dialogues, the lazzi, the little songs and the music which went with them,set down by one who had watched them all spring to life and weld themselves Into shapeunder the swift touches of the actors themselves. We have a long series of copper plateengravings throwing most interesting light upon the stage costumes of the time; we find,in an endless sequence of fresh circumstance and fresh inter-relationship one with ano- ther .... ever the same figures but ever in freshly varied connection as are the pieces inevery game of chess.... all our old friends; Scaramuccia, the Doctor, Mezzetino, Isabella,Pasquarlello, Aurelia and the rest, laughing, jesting, making love, qnarrelling, intriguing,fighting, tumbling down, dancing, hiding in corners, running in and ont, and with them,above all, perhaps best of all, Arlecchino, that incredible immortal being in the black maskand parti-coloured clothes.^Never, surely, was there any other being like him! Possessed of the qualities of thatmercury to which his prototype, the god Mercury, gave his name, he can throw himself into any part without perpetuating it in himself, just as the quicksilver, which will runinto any mould, yet retains the form of none. He is always the same in essence, always different in expression. His many-facettedpersonality catches every ray of light; is many«coloured as the rainbow.... the creationof sun and water, tears and smiles. He moves in a world full of magnificent laughter,gaiety, wit, inimitable repartee. He has the brilliance and the strength of some gorgeousflower born of the union of the sun and a rich marshy soil. He is a visitant from Olympuswho has brought with him some of the romantic devilry of the old gods. In his jovial robustspirit there is none of that sentimentality which we find, for instance, in Pierrot, mooningaround with his cat and his rose and his floppy ruff. For Pierrot Is essentially artificial,a dry and powdery figure, not the son of a god but the son of a barber: he was cradledin a powder box and his ancestry is mixed :he is no true son of Italy; has nothing incommon with those greater figures of an earlier and finer age. But Arlecchino .... why,he is as strong, as teeming with life both coarse and delicate as a rich manure heap, asgraceful and gaily coloured as the rose which blooms above. Philosopher and ragamuffinfused together; god and beast packed tight in a spangled coat and particoloured hose. Perhaps it was because he was really so dominant a figure in the Commedia, perhapsbecause the compiler of the 44 Theatre italien " was himself Arlecchino and so threw evenmore spirit into the recording of that mask than of the others, that his whimsical brilliantpresence seems to pervade this collection from end to end. His invention is inexhaustible,his spirits unflagging, his versatility amazing, his audacity superb. 4Z?He calls himself 44 The Comet actor manager of a company of actors, and earnestlydiscusses with Columbine the choice of a play. Himself, he is all in favour of the 44 Horseof Troy " .., . " and 1 will play the Horse Or he gravely explains to Mezzetino his Inge- nious scheme for making 44 twelve dancing men fly without ropes and pulleys ", the deathof the twelve seeming to him but a trifling obstacle to the carrying out of his plan.Or he describes his visit to the theatre as a 44 deadhead ", (i) doubtless a pointedsatire aimed at certain unprofitable and greedy spectators at the italienne.JZ? Or again, from a window in the Doctor's house, (where be certainly finds himself forno very good purpose), he sees Mezzetino and tells him that he is going to throw out allthe furniture. Mezzetino waits, and receives a mattress, a feather bed, some blankets, andhangings and a little child in a vest whom Arlecchino says he found sleeping on the bed.Arlecchino also gives him a mousetrap to put in his room, 44 to prevent the mice frontnibbling a little rind of Milanese cheese which he has been saving for ten years in his mat- ress " . ... and one can well believe, as Gherardi tells us, that the precipitancy of the twoin giving and receiving the things 44 produces a very pleasant play".. &amp; &amp;Having consigned all the Doctor's goods to Mezzetino and himself stolen a basket ofsilver plate from Scaramuccla, Arlecchino runs away ; but, when the back of the sceneopens upon a hall of justice where his victims come to denounce the thefts, there is theübiquitous one again, playing the part of Commissioner and listening to their complaints.Gravely he promises them justice, and in that moment his seat changes into a hideous beast,belching fire, which terrifies the plaintiffs and puts them to flight. He and Pierrot rollCinthlo home in an empty wine barrel.... 44 the house of Cousin Diogenes " as Arlecchinocalls it. He gives good advice to Aurelio on the occasion of his marriage, assuring himthat women, like carpets, need, for their preservation, a good beating from time to time.Driven to despair because the Doctor decides to marry Columbine to a Farmer, he con- templates suicide. But how to do it ? with his cutlass ? No. By hanging ? N0... 44that is acommon death, a death that one sees every day, which would do me no honour. "44 let us seek some extraordinary death, some heroic death, some Harlequinesque death "and he thinks deeply. Then, a happy thought;... 44 I have it I I will stop up my mouthand nose, the wind will not be. able to escape and I shall die, " So he tries with his hands,but with poor success, since what does not escape in one way embarrasses and frustrateshim by escaping in another, So having heard that people die of laughing, he sets himselfto laugh and falls and rolls upon the ground where he lies until Pasquarlel finds him inthis state, believes him to be drunk, calls him, brings him to himself, consoles him and leads(I) See The Mask page 170 him away, thus ending a scene which it hardly needs Gherardi's note to assure us musthave been one of the most amusing ever played upon the Italian stage. ug?&amp; But why seek to enumerate what is beyond enumeration ? For though one might setdown all the characters personified by Arlecchino, who shall enumerate the thousandvariations and slight subtle changes of inflection and interpretation with which Arlecchinoon repetition, played each part ? Born afresh every night, yet ever the same person, whocould predict from one moment to the next in what chariot of caprice the wind of im- provisation would next carry him away ? &amp; &lt;£? &amp; jg? &amp;He thinks of Columbine, for instance, and weeps great sad tears, catching them pensivelyone by one with his thumbs until he realises that salt tears are folly and that the wiseman weeps only the tears of the grape;Arlequin quelque terns nous parut s'attendrir;Mais jugeant la douleur inutile e mallgne,Par des pleurs superflus cessant de s'affolbllr,II se borne a verser les larmes de la vigneHe sits on an upturned drum nursing a flask and gives himself up to the pleasures ofgreed. His salutations are a wonder, to see him take off his cap a revelation. He laughs,sings, weeps, sighs, protests, persuades, rages, makes love, steals, intrigues, dances, playsthe guitar. He is all things to all men, and all men find some reflection of themselves Inhfim. He sums up in himself the genius of all the actors who have worn his mask, absorbsit and is still Arlecchino. They have been incorporated in him, never he in them. He isno more to be captured even by those who act him than is the rainbow by those who areseen touched with its prismatic colours where for a moment It seems to rest upon the earth.&amp; How venture to write at all about so extraordinary a being ? The pen can never bringhim back to life, and neither can the pencil, for have not Callot, Gillot and many othersall made the attempt without success ? Then shall we never see him again ? Let us not betoo sure! Although his presence is removed his spirit is not dead and any night there maycome a knock upon the rdoor of the theatre, and, as it opens, we may see the god Mercuryenter to take his old place, the same in essence whether he come in his old form or under a new disguise,... and with him will come fresh life for the Theatre and its Art. T,e TheatreItalien. Its value to thestudent. The 44 Improvi«satori " His father. &amp; &amp; GhetatdVs &lt;debut. &amp; His appearance. An Actor''s Booh. A rlecchino. Arleccli in o'sVetsatility. Arlecchin othe supremeImprovisator, jg? jg? His infinitevaiiety. jg? A hope for thefuture. 0} Prom left to right. Mezzetino, AureHa. (probably) Arlecchino, Scaramuccia, Pierrot. NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.1. &lt;£? Professor Rasi. 44 I Comici Ifaliani. " Life of Evaristo Gherardi. &amp; &amp;2. &amp; From his own throat a whole orchestra of flutes.3. &amp; Touching his guitar more as a master than as a pupil, he seems to have in his throata hidden flute. &amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.i. I begin by giving his portrait. You saw him only under a mask and with his Basquedoublet. He was neither well nor ill-favoured, neither tall nor short, and fat rather thanthin. He had an active body, a high forehead, eyes weak but full of life, and an expressivenose which promised great things. His mouth stretched from ear to ear, his complexionwas fiery; he was rather double-chinned and his short neck threatened him with suddendeath. If you would actually see him as he was you must see the son he has left, who in myopinion resembles him, save that he is somewhat deformed and Harlequin was not,. ... atleast so it seems to me. &amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp; NOTES AND TRANSLATIONS.I. &amp; Harlequin seemed for a while to be overcome by grief; but then, judging sorrow tobe useless and malignant, he braces himself, ceases to weep and allows himself to shed nonebut the tears of the vine. THE PREFACE TO "LE THEATREITALIEN." E. Gherardi o one must expect to find complete plays in this collection since theItalian pieces could not be printed. &amp;&amp; The reason of this is that the Italian actors learn nothing by heart,and that, for the acting of a play, it is enough for them to have seenthe subject for a moment before going on the stage. In fact the greatestbeauty of their pieces is inseparable from the action, the success of theirplays depending entirely upon the actors, who embellish them more orless according as they themselves possess more or less wit, and according to the good or bad situation in which they find themselves when acting. It is this necessity of acting on the spur of the moment which makes it so difficult toreplace a good Italian actor when unfortunately he fails you. There is no one who cannotlearn by heart and recite upon the stage that which he has learned, but something verydifferent is required in the Italian actor. To say a 6i good Italian actor " is as much as tosay a man who has depth, who plays more from imagination than from memory, whocomposes, while acting, all that he says : who seconds and supports whoever is with himon the stage, that is to say, fits his words and actions so perfectly to those of his comradethat he instantly enters into all the acting and movements which the other iequlres ofhim In such a manner as to make everyone believe that, they were pre-arranged.It is by no means the same with an actor who plays merely from memory, fie nevercomes upon the stage but to recite as quickly as possible that which he has learned byheart, and with which he is so much occupied that, without paying attention to themovements and gestures of his fellows, he always goes his own way, in a furious hurryto deliver himself of his role as if it were a burden which fatigues him toomuch. One may say that such actors are like scholars who come, trembling, to recite alesson which they have carefully conned; or rather, they are like echoes, who wouldnever speak if others had not spoken before them. They are actors in name, butuseless, and a burden to their company. I compare an actor of this kind to a paralisedarm, which, however, useless, always bears the name of an arm. The only difference whichI find between the dead arm and the useless member of the comedy is that, if the formerbe of no service to the body it is equally certain that it does not receive from it anynourishment, this being divided among the members which fulfil their dutyi but the latter(although quite useless to the theatre), does not fail to receive as much nourishment as theactors who work more and are more necessary. j&amp;It may be said then in regard to the useless actors of whom almost all companies arefull, that they are people without life and without art, whom a capricious patronage oran extraordinary good luck has raised to their position, and who henceforth no longerregard the theatre but from the financial side and not from the point of view of the workit demands; always drawing a clear distinction, however, between these actors in nameand those real actors, who, though they indeed learn by heart, yet, after the example ofexcellent painters, know how to seek art with art, and who charm the spectators by theirbeauty of voice, truth of gesture, perfect flexibility of manner, and a certain gracious,easy and natural air with which they accompany all their movements and which they impartto all they utter.But I am wandering far from my subject &lt;£? jg? The question we are here concerned with is not the good qualities which a good actorshould possess, but the French scenes which have been acted on the Italian stage.&amp; These scenes are the work of many persons of wit and talent, composed for the mostpart in their hours of recreation and by some given gratis to the company. They were,as it were, introduced Into our subject matter. All Paris admired them when we actedithem, and all Paris regrets them now that they are acted no longer.The favourable welcome which the public gave to the first volume of them which I pub- lished in 1694 excited the envy of some of my comrades, who represented that the printing of these scenes might he prejudicial to the performance of the pieces from whichthey were taken. On this ground it pleased the Chancellor, so as to re-establish peaceIn this company, (these are his own words) to recall the privilege which he had been sogood as to grant me and to require that I rendered a full obedience to his orders.That which proves, however, that it was only due to envy and not to any good reasonthat the suppression of them had been asked is that the nine hundred copies which hadbeen seized from me and which the company had deposited with M. Octave, (i) one of theactors, were sold by him to several book-sellers of Paris at thirty-two sous a copy, hehaving, however, previously burned two or three leaves and having made his comradesbelieve that he had burned them all.£/ This volume, although prohibited, has sold so well and has attained so large a circula- tion that it has been reprinted not only in Holland, at Brussels and at but also inalmost all the provinces of the kingdom. It has even been augmented by two other volumesof which the one, which appeared under the title of Volume 111, was stolen from mystudy in MSS, and, before being given to the public, had all the pieces mutilated, so that1 should not recognise it; and the other, which is sold under the title of "Supplement to theTheatre Italien ", and which is worth less than nothing, has been composed, from what Ihear, by the author of either the " Arlequiniana " or the " Vie de Scaramouche ".It is true that these two authors are so much alike in the vileness of their style andthe falseness of the facts which they relate that one may easily make a mistake and con- fuse the one with the other without much difficulty. They are two equally bad writers andtwo equally false historians, each of them attributing to his hero things which neitherArlecchino nor Scaramuccia ever did or thought. I excuse, however, the author of the Lifeof Scaramuccia in that he admits that his book is detestable, but that he was obliged tomake it such as it as so as to render it in conformity to the capacity of him who wished toset his name to it. I would likewise excuse the author of the " Arlequiniana " if I knewhis reason for introducing into it so many sorry things.However that may be, the multiplicity of dull books which appear from time to time andwhich do no honour to our theatre has determined me to reprint my own. &amp;*£&gt; I have augmented it with all the pleasing scenes which I had over, and with all thosewhich have since been played upon our stage.All this material has furnished me with the means to compile six volumes, which I haveenriched with prints In copperplate at the beginning of each play, while at the end ofeach will be found the airs sung, noted down, with their figured bass accompaniment. Ina word, I have neglected nothing which I believed capable of embellishing my work andaffording pleasure to the reader, who will, an' it please him, pass over the scenes whichhe does not find to his taste, and which may perhaps be found among those which Ihave myself been the first to condemn and which I have only printed because all tastesare not alike, and that which does not please one often pleases another. I have knownnone but the " Gradellns " and the 44 Polichinelles " which never pleased anyone ; andthey will never be found in any of the scenes of my collection, and if I have admittedthem to my Preface, it is because they have ever been at the door of the Italian Theatre.Those who are fond of the Italian language will find here and there scenes entirely InItalian, and others in French and Italian mixed, just as they were acted on our stage; withthis difference, however; that the Doctor and Arlecchino do not speak the harsh dialectof Bologna and Bergamo because they would not be understood. Those who like connectedsubjects will find about forty complete plays which I have had printed just as they wereacted on our stage, with the exception of the language of Pasquariello which I have cor- rected, and of the greater part of the scenes played by him, of which I have put only thetenor because they were either entirely super-added or wholly Italian,... that is to say, allgrimaces and posturings. &amp;&amp; These plays are not those Italian pieces to which I was referring when, at the beginningof my Preface, 1 said, "one would not know how to print them because they are inseparableI. Giovan Battlsta Costantinl. "from the action, and because the Italians act without learning anything by heart " ; butare taken from those plays In which the company was obliged (in conformity to the tasteand intelligence of the greater number of its auditors), to insert much more French thanItalian, and which the authors called " Comedies francalses accoinodees au theatre Italien ".(French plays adapted to the Italian stage). Z? Z? z&amp;z&amp; In regard to certain terms used among Italian actors, I have thought it best not toalter them ; but, that they may offer no hindrance to the reader, I explain them. "Lazzi"for instance, is one of them. It means 'tour', *jeu italien'. "After having repeated two orthree times the same " Lazzi ", means to say, after having played two or three times thesame trick, after having repeated two or three times the same Italian jest. z&amp; z?&amp; u Cantonade " is another. It means wing, corner, side of the stage. Arlecchino'sspeaking "a la cantonade" means Arlecchino speaking from the wing, the corner, the sideof the stage. zsru&amp;j&amp;z&amp;j&amp;z&amp;zc?j&amp;j&amp;j&amp;I pass over In silence the fine and delicate satire, the perfect knowledge of the man- ners off the time, the fresh and subtle expressions, the sprightliness, the wit; in a word,all the salt and all the vivacity with which all the dialogues in this collection are filled,and content myself with saying that, if the first volume which I published In 1694 andof which I have spoken above, merited the title of "grenier au sel", (a glorious name givento it by that divine man, that superior genius whom heaven has endowed with a knowledgeand intelligence which it has denied to all other men to the end that all other men shouldbecome the subjects of his satires,).. I hope that this will merit the name of 'saline' being much fuller and more correct than the former. &amp; z&amp; Italian actots. Improvisation. jZ? Recitation byrote. A? a&amp; &amp; A distinction. Publication otthe French scenes &amp; Fate of thefirst edition. &amp; The later edition Explanationof terms. A SEVENTEENTH CENTURY following is a French Scene taken from Gherardi's "Theatre Italien" and served asPrologue to " Le Banqueroutier". Ed. z&amp; &amp; z&amp; &amp; z&amp; &amp; &amp; ARLECCHINO AND MEZZETIN. z? &amp; z? zpj&amp; Mezzetin. &amp; " Where do you come from, my friend '?&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;j&amp; Atlecchino. j&amp; I come from the Comedie Italienne. Those wretched people have at lastgiven their " Banqueroutier " after having advertised it for eighteen months.Mezzetin. And tell me, pray, is it a fine play ?&amp; Atlecchino. 'faith, I don't know. The desire I had to criticize everything and to passfor a wit prevented me from attending to the play. jg?Z&amp; Mezzetin. Z? Then what do you go to the play for ?ZP &lt;£?Atlecchino. What do I go for ? I go so as to enter without paying, to play the wit, toeat and drink well without its costing me a sou and to have some money over. z?&amp; Mezzetin. &amp; Tell me, pray, this secret of yours. &amp; &amp;Atlecchino. Well then, this is what I did. In the morning I came across an Italian actorwhom I.„bad never met before. I buttonholed him most politely. I said to him, i( you, sir»are an illustrious actor, the most gifted man of the century. I should very much like tohave three tickets so that 1 can take two lady-friends to the Play who are dying to seeyou act. " Why, delighted " said he. He gave me three tickets and I went all alone to theplay. As the people were crowding round the door of the parterre to buy tickets I drew twostrangers aside and I said to them: " Gentlemen, I had taken two tickets for two of myfriends who have not turned up. They are thirty sous apiece for the gallery; if you like Iwill give you the two for thirty sous; " They accepted the offer, gave me thirty sous whichI put in my pocket, and we all three entered the theatre together. z&amp;I sat myself down in the middle of the first row of the gallery. When the curtain roseI cried out instantly, " Fie, what a hideous scene! what devil of a dauber has daubed that ? Why, 1 have seen better ones at the Marionettes. There Is no common sense in it. Look atthose shadows ! they aren't light enough, and those lights, they aren't dark enough ".&amp; "Quite true", said a man near me; "and look, even that grass is not a real grass green."" Evidently, Sir, " I replied, " you are in the business ? "&amp; 44 Oh, not at all, Sir " he responded 44 but I am a dyer and am very experienced incolours ". The play opened with an Actor and an Actress, and I immediately cried out, 44 What abad actor I how awkward he is in all that he does! how badly he speaksl To hear himwouldn't you say that he was a hawker of old silver lace ? "44 It seems to me, however ", said a man, 44 that the woman acts naturally enough. ""Yes, indeed" I returned promptly, "but she is too small; she does not fill the theatre".44 But is it her fault, Sir, that she is small ? " he queried* &amp; &amp;44 No ! but nor is Is it mine either " I retorted 44 But I want actresses with fine figuresfor my money "..&lt;£? &amp; Now you know that today the Italian actors play the first scene all in French. A townsman,who had never before been to the Comedie italienne turned to me and said with a verygrave air, 441 am astonished to hear people say that they cannot understand the Italianactors, for this scene has been as clear as day to me. "jg? &amp; &amp;&amp; At last, having cut my jokes at the expense of play, actors, scenery and everything, Idrew a big whistle from my pocket and began to blow on it, hissing like the very devil.There was a woman behind me who said to me, " Oh, Sir, I can't hear anything ". 44 I amsorry for it, Madam," replied I 44 but I am hissing as loud as I can". Other people said tome, 44 Why do you hiss, Sir?" 44 Don't you see," returned I, 44 that these idiots on thestage deserve to be hissed ?" jz? &amp; &amp; jg?&amp; The first Act came to an end. The lemonade seller came into the gallery crying, "Lemonade,gentlemen, biscuits, macaroons. " I at once called to him, 44 Hie, you rascal, haven't youa better play to give us " ? 44 I haven't anything to do with the play " said he ; 44 I onlysell lemonade ". 4* Well, let's see if your lemonade is better than the play ", and I drankfive or six glasses and eat lots of biscuits and macaroons. Then 1 said to him, 44 Go and getme two cups of chocolate ; your lemonade has chilled piy stomach ". During his absenseI pretended to recognise a man in the parterre although I did not really know anyone. Icalled out, 44 Hie, Chevalier! i' faith I have something of importance to tell you ": Isprang from the gallery into the parterre, I mingled in the crowd and disappeared, ....andnow you know how I got into the theatre without paying, how 1 played the wit, how I eatand drank well without it's costing me a penny, and how I had one and sixpence over,&amp; Mezzetin. &lt;£? Let us talk of something else. While you were out this letter was broughtfor M. Perillet. JC? j? JZ?&amp; Arlecchino. Was it brought by a footman in yellow ?Mezzetin. Yes.zpArlecchino. ( taking the letter eagerly). Give it me, give it me, it is to me thatthis letter is addressed. It is from a widow with whom I am madly in love, (opens the letterand reads.) 44 Sir " . . . . ah, how polite that is! what wit there is in that! (continues toread). 44 I beg you not to fail to come and see me as soon as you receive the presentletter " . Yes, Madam, 1 go immediately ! (he dashes off, and Mezzetin runsafter him. THE COMMEDIA DELL'ARTE. (1) CLAUDE GILLOT. 1673=1722. (1) From left to right, Pierrot, Mezsetioo, Arlecchino, Dottore, Aurelia. (probably) ON ACTORS AND ACTRESSES by Count Carlo Gozzi. (1) THE ACTORS AND ACTRESSES OF ITALY IN GENERAL, CONSIDERED WITH REGARDTO THEIR PROFESSION, THEIR CHARACTERS, AND THEIR MANNERS;&amp; WRITTEN FROM THE POINT OF VIEW OF A PHILOSOPHICAL OBSERVER (I.) &amp; mong all sorts and conditions of human beings who offer themselvesto a philosophical observer, none are so difficult to know in their realnature as actors and actresses.Educated in deception from the cradle, they learn the art of maskingfalsehood with an air of candour so completely, that it requires greatgifts of penetration to arrive at their true heart and character. Journeyings from place to place, affairs of business, accidents of all sorts, experience ofcommon life, examples furnished by their commerce with the world, the constant exerciseof wit and intellect in rivalry, make their brains up, and subtilise their comedians nature.In another chapter I intend to print a special picture of Sacchi's company, with whomi fraternised, and whom I helped for about a quarter of a century. At present I shall con- fine my remarks to Italian players in general, who are, I think, in no essential points ofmoral quality different from those of other nations. &amp;It may be laid down as an axiom, to be accepted with closed eyes, that the chief idolof all actors is their venal interest. Expressions of politeness, acknowledgements of obliga- tion, terms of praise, humanity, sympathy, courteous welcome, and so forth, have no valueamong actors, except as parts of a fixed system of deception which they consider necessaryin the worship of this idol. If that idol of pecuniary interest is attacked (with justice it maybe and the best reasons), you will not find in them a shadow of these fine sentiments.The merest scent of coming profit makes them disregard and blindly sacrifice the personswho have done them good ; the reputation of the whole world is as nothing to them then ;they take no thought of the damage they may have to suffer in the future, blinded bygreediness, lulled into security for the time being, and hoping to avoid impending disastersby address and ingenuity. The present moment is all that actors think of. Hot and choleric temperaments reveal their true selves more readily among this classof people. The cool-headed are more difficult to fathom. Their system of cozenage is notonly applied to persons outside the profession, from whom they expect material gains; itis always at work to take in and delude the members of the guild. Of course they find itless easy to checkmate the initiated in their own devices. But if they have attained to theposition of being necessary to their comrades in the trade, there is no sort of impropriety,pretence, injustice, swindling, tyranny, which they do not deem it lawful to employ. &amp;&amp; These arts, which the progress of our century has extended to many kinds of personswho are not of the profession, have a certain marked character among the tribe of actors.Other people, when detected, show some sense of shame and self-abasement. The unmaskedcomedian, after all his turns and twists have been employed in vain, is so unprejudiced andcandid that he laughs good-humouredly in the face of his detective, and seems to exclaimwith indescribable effrontary; " You are a great fool if you flatter yourself that you havemade a notable discovery.Such is my experience. But of course it is possible that among the innumerable actors,male and female, whom I have known, conversed with, and studied, some phoenix of theone or the other sex may have escaped my observation.&amp; In what concerns the practise of their art, all that these people know is how to read andwrite; one better, and one worse. Indeed, I have been acquainted with actors and actresseswho have not even had that minimum of education, and yet they carried on their businesswithout flinching. They got their lines read out to them by some friend or some associate,whenever a new part had to be impressed in outline on their memory. Keeping their ears open to the prompter, they entered boldly on the stage, and played a hero or a heroinewithout a touch of truth. The presentation of such characters by actors of the sort I havedescribed abounds in blunders, stops and stays, and barkings back upon the leading motive,which would put to shame the player in his common walk of life.Barefaced boldness is the prime quality, the chief stock-in-trade, the ground-element ofeducation in these artists. Assiduous use of this one talent makes not a few of them bothpassable and even able actors.&amp; These are the reasons why a civil war is always raging in our companies about the firstparts in new pieces. The conflict does not start from an honest desire to acquire or tomanifest theatrical ability. The players are actuated wholly by ambition, by the hope ofattracting favourable notice through the merit of their rdle, by the wish to keep them- selves continually before the public, performing ill or welEas their blind rashness promptsthem. «£? jg? jg? jg? jg/ fg&gt;Notwithstanding all these disadvantages, Italy would be able to make a good show incomparison with other nations if our theatres were better supported and remunerated.There are not wanting persons of fine presence, of talent, sensibility, and animation. Whatwe do want are the refinements of education, solid protection, and emoluments sufficientto encourage the actor In his profession. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; I have observed that the best artists of both sexes are those who have some higherculture; but I have also observed that the support of themselves and their families, andthe inevitable expenses of their wardrobe, render their professional salaries inadequate.They make up for these deficiencies by spunging upon credulous tradesmen and besottedlovers; and thus they bring discredit upon the whole profession. &amp; &amp;&amp; I have always laughed at those who depreciate the Influences of the pulpit, and thinkthey can instil sound morality into the people by the means of scenic shows. When Rous- seau maintained that the precept, " Do what I tell you and not what I do, " is worthlesswithout a good example from the man who gives it forth, he uttered one of the truestthings that can be said. I leave people to meditate upon the inverted morality which isnow being diffused In our most recent dramas, the dramas of so-called culture, from thelips of players in the place of preachers. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; The chief idolof actois. &amp; Theii systemof cozenage. &amp; Their ignoiance Theii barefacedboldness• &amp; A cause of theseevils. &amp; &amp; Prom the Translation of Qozzi'a Memoirs by J. A. Symonds.(2) We must remember that Gozzi is here writing of actors who had been obliged to turn from serving princes to serving the public. Ed. ANOTHER ESTIMATE OF THE ACTOR'S CHARACTER. Walter Pater."Their Majesty's Servants An Essay from the Guardian. ghould we really care for the great actors of the past could we have them before us ? Shouldwe find them too different from our accent of thought, of feeling, of speech, in a thousandminute particulars which are of the essence of all three ? Dr Doran's long and interestingrecords of the triumphs of Garrick, and other less familiar, but in their day hardly lessastonishing, players, do not relieve one of the doubt. Garrick himself, as sometimes hap- pens with people who have been the subject of much anecdote and other conversation,here as elsewhere, bears no very distinct figure. One hardly sees the wood for the trees.On the other hand, the account of Betterton, " perhaps the greatest of English actors ".is delightfully fresh. That intimate friend of Dryden, Tillotson, Pope, who executed a copyof the actor's portrait by Kneller which is still extanct, was worthy of their friendship ;his career brings out the best elements in stage life. The stage in these volumes presentsitself indeed not merely as a mirror of life, but as an illustration of the utmost intensityof life, in the fortunes and characters of the players. Ups and downs, generosity, darkfates, the most delicate goodness, have nowhere been more prominent than in the privateexistence of those devoted to the public mimicry of men and women. Contact with the stage,almost throughout its history, presents itself as a kind of touchstone, to bring out thebizzarrerie, the theatrical tricks and contrasts of the actual world. RICCOBONI'S ADVICE TO ACTORS;Translated and Epitomized, with a Biogra=phical Note on the Author by Pierre Ramés. P. R. t was in or about the year 1675 that Luigi Riccoboni, celebratedupon the stage under the name of 44LeIio ", was born at Modena,being the son of a Venetian actor, Antonio Riccoboni, whoplayed the part of Pantalone in the company of the Duke ofModena in 1670, and who, still in the service of the same DukeAlfonso, visited London and acted there in 1679. The first ap- pearance of Luigi Riccoboni on the stage was in the part of the44 Innamorato ", but the name which he then adopted was Fe- derico, and he only changed this afterwards to Lelio at theInstance of the Directress of the Company, Diana, the wife ofGiovan Battista Costantini, who thought the latter name more44 theatrical He seems to have married twice. His first wife was Gabriella Gardelinl (" Argentina ")who was step-sister to Francesco Materazzi, the 44 Dottore " of the Company, but she diedvery young, leaving no children, and Luigi Riccoboni, left a widower, then married ElenaVirginia Balletti, an actress who was celebrated under the name of Flamlnia.In Luigi Riccoboni we see the beginnings of the decline of that splendid period of the greatImprovisator!, ol Andreini, Pasquati, Biancolelli, Martinelli, Barbieri, FiorelH and thosewho had rendered the Commedla dell'Arte so justly famous, since he believed himself tobe 44 reforming " the theatre by introducing,instead of improvised comedies, the writtenworks of the poets, such as the 44 Sofonisba " of Trissino, the 44 Edipus " of Sophoclesand many more.&amp; This experiment in the literary drama seems to have been successful enough at Modena,but fortunately Venice, to which city he next took his company, remained faithful to itsArlecchinos, its Dottores and its Pantalones, and Riccoboni, disappointed and discouraged,had to renounce his purpose.&amp; It was at this time that he decided to accept an invitation which he had received fromFrance to form a Company of Italian actors for Paris under the patronage of the Regent,the Duke of Orleans, hoping to realise there the dreams which had been so rudely dis- appointed in his native land. But for a second time he had to submit, and renounce hisliterary dramas, since, even before the opening of the theatre, the Parisians plainly mani- fested their intention of having only such plays as they had been familiarised with by theItalian companies which had visited Paris in previous years.The new Company opened its season at the 44 Palais Royal ", 44 In the name of God, ofthe Virgin Mary, of St Francis of Paola and of the souls In Purgatory " with the 44 HappySurprise a play which had great success, the receipts amounting to lire 4068 in spite ofthe fact that the places cost a third less than a century later. &amp;&amp; The Company received the title of 44 Actors of his Royal Highness the Lord Duke ofOrleans, Regent ", to which prince the actors, before joining him in Paris, had addressedthe following petition which is interesting on account of the light which it throws uponthe organisatiou and control of such companies.&amp; 44 I. The whole company humbly entreats your Serene Highness to accord to it the same44 grace as that shown to Its predecessors, that no other Italian company be received at44 Paris under any pretext whatever, even though all the actors should speak French; and44 that it may be absolutely forbidden to any other to make use of the costumes of the44 masks of the Italian Theatre, such as Arlecchino, Scaramuccia, Pantalone, the Doctor and44 Scapino, and also of Pierrot, which, If French has none the less sprung from the Italian44 theatre.&amp; *4 2. The actors, desiring to serve your Majesty in peace and good reputation, request44 that at no time may there be received into the company any of the family of the 44 Costantlnl, through whom they all know that the Italian actors who preceded them fell44 into disgrace at the court.44 3, They humbly ask that dances and music in the interludes may be permitted to44 them as to their predecessors.44 4. If any one of the actors should have the misfortune not to win the favour of the44 court and of the city that the Company may have the right to dismiss him with a gift44 and send for another in his place. &amp;&amp; 44 5. The actors entreat your Highness to make urgent representations at the court that44 they may be permitted, as in Italy, the free use of the Holy Sacraments; the more44 so as they will never recite anything scandalous; and Riccoboni undertakes to submit44 the scenarios of the plays for examination by the Minister and also by an Ecclesiastic,44 for their approval. " (i)The above petition is interesting not mereiy, as already said, as a specimen of suchcontracts in general, but for the sidelight thrown upon the character of Riccoboni himself,who, as leader of the Company, was presumably responsable for the clauses it contained.There is something both childish and mean, for instance, in the request that nomember of the Costantini family should ever be accepted in the Company. It is theattitude of the over-righteous who says, 44 I can't come to your dance if Jones comes ;because why ? because, forsooth, Jones is different from me. How different ? Well,they do say, ! and then follows a list of Jones's enormities and indiscretions.Such methods are mean and wholly unreasonable; foolish, too, in matters of Art, forin that connection there is but one question of any value to be put in regard to aman : Is he a good workman ? does he act well ? paint well ? build well ? If yes, then heis the man we are looking for; if no, then find the man, but don't ask if he is a goodman because no other man can act as judge in this matter; that must be left to theCreator of men.Riccoboni seems, however, to have been suffering from an exaggerated moral sense, andit was this which probably accounts, not only for the insertion of the second and fifthclauses in the contract, but for his attempt to reestablish the literary drama. His pioussoul had doubtless been shocked and scandalised by the elder comedians, .....his parentsin art, and their overflowing manners and jovial plays. Reaction perhaps producedin him, as usually in the case of sons of overflowing fathers, an eagerness to be correct;he could not better them on their own lines, therefore he would strike out in anotherdirection and seek for that moral correctness of which they had been so joyously careless,and establish this correctness in the theatre by a careful choice of his fellow actors andthrough the restoration of those seemly literary plays which could be thoroughly censoredbefore being set upon the stage.In regard to the administration of the business affairs of the Company all the actorswithout distinction, Riccoboni himself included, had equal shares, the funds being keptby one member and two others appointed to oversee the expenditure. Each one had toprovide his own costumes with the exception of Fabio Sticotti, to whom they were furnishedby the Company.In June 1733 Riccoboni, together with his wife and son, became a naturalised Frenchsubject and in April 1737 he obtained permission to absent himself for two months and goto act in England, while two years later leave was granted him to retire from [the stagewith his wife and son with an annual pension of one thousand francs. He withdrew toItaly, but after two years spent at Parma he returned to Paris where he died on December 61753 at the age of seventy eight, being referred to in his death certificate as 44 un ancienufficiel du roiOf the many works which he wrote for the theatre nearly all, if not all, have been for- gotten, but his works about the theatre have retained all their value and are amongthe number of those to which the student of that period chiefly turns. The most impor- tant are : 44 l'Histoire du Theatre italien ", (Paris, 1728) with eighteen illustrations of figuresfrom the Italian Commedia engraved by Joullain. The 44 Nuovo Teatro Italiano " (Paris 1733)containing the plays printed and performed by the 44 Signor Luigi Riccoboni, known as(1) See Rasi; 44 I Comici Italian!. " Lelio ". The 44 Observations sur la Comedie et sur la Genie de Moliere " (Paris, 1736), the"Reflexions Historiques et Critiques sur les differenfcs Theatres de PEurope, avec les Penseessur la Declamation " (Paris 1738), 44 Reformation du Theatre (Paris 1767), and the treatise44 deli'Arte Rappresentativa " (London, 1728) the paraphrase of which is here given andwhich contains much which is well worth the serious consideration of the actor of today. Riccoboni9 sParentage. &amp; His marriage. fixpeiiment inliterary Drama. An invitationto Prance. &amp; His petition Riccoboni9 scharacter. &amp; An exaggeratedmoral sense. &amp; Retirement anddeath. &amp; His works. RICCOBONI'S ADVICE TO ACTORS. he author gives his advice in metrical form, using that same 44 TerzaRima "as Dante used for the 44 Divina Commedia and dividing theargument into six cantos. &amp; &amp; &amp;In the first Canto he occupies himself chiefly with the necessity forstudy on the part off the would=be actor, since it is not enough totrust only to natural instinct. He quotes the popular saying that 44 onlyto histrions and comedians was no law given " and asks why ? Was one perhaps to believe [that no rule for the teaching of acting was given because suchmight be held to be useless, since there is no need to teach men how to stand and walkand turn ? Does not every animal, from the time it wakes until it sleeps again, stand,move and walk without instruction, and should not man likewise, without special instruc- tlon, be able to express as many passions and emotions as Nature prompts ? Surely he whosees in those around him the demonstrations cf fear, hope, joy, delight and fury has aschool in which to study ? What can be better than nature itself ? &amp; &amp;jg/ But no, says Riccoboni; this is a mistake. He who has not studied long and closely byrule comports himself, when he comes to act, either too stiffly or in too free-and-easy amanner. Doubtless there are some who say that on the stage one should imitate reallife as closely as possible, and that whoever seeks or desires more than this is a fool. But,on the contrary, they are fools who do not so seek and who deny that there is further or better to be sought. Nature at times jests, and at times fails, in the shaping ofa human being. There are those, for instance, who have one leg shorter than the other,one shoulder higher, or who squint or have some other physical defect, so that one findsnature has its monsters, which are not limited to one country but found among all natio- nalities alike. Good Mother-Nature endows some with talent and beauty, but to othersshe acts as a stepmother, distorting their bodies or dulling their minds. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Now, it is obvious that neither a person who is hunchbacked nor one who looks twoways at once is to be imitated by any actor who wishes to make a handsome appearanceupon the stage. Nor should all the excesses seen in this one or that one be copiedalthough they should be ceaselessly studied.&amp; The next point enforced is that the actor should be careful not to have a good conceitof himself, nor flatter himself because there flies about a good report of him, alwaysbearing in mind that it is not enough to please the stupid or a few silly women. Undeservedpraise is never stable, ard, since one person of good sense is enough to enlighten ahundred, the conceited actor should beware of coming across such a one, for his insolentglory, his self-satisfaction and his pride and presumption will then only win for himcontempt. It does not need a Solomon to judge him, and he will meet only too many whoare very well able to sum him up and value him at his right worth.£? The second Canto treats chiefly of physical qualifications,&amp; As a man who is crooked and awkward will only be ridiculous.dancing a minuet, so isit foolish for any, unless his figure be adapted, to choose acting as his profession, as howcan he hope for success in so gracious and delicate an art ? Everyone knows that it isnecessary on the stage to have well-formed limbs and to be without physical blemish,and if any should be so unfortunate as to be crooked and ugly and at the same time anactor, (a thing to make one's very blood run cold even on an August day!), he should atleast have the good sense to select roles fitted to him and beware of choosing parts thatdemand dignity and gallantry, for in such he will be not only unadmired, but not endured at all. &amp; us? &amp;It is not enough, for instance, for him who plays a king to appear upon the stageamid a noble company and wearing gold and jewelled robes. He must have the fiery eyewhich menaces death, the bearing at once lofty and courteous, the voice which can bothterrify and inspire, and how are such things to be found in one physically deformed ? &amp; And so is it in the playing of the lovers' parts. A sigh, a glance, a b0w,... these fromone so handicapped may be not only unbecoming but positively absurd.No, the only possible way of escaping the limitations imposed by Nature lies in turningdefects themselves to advantage by the choice of suitable parts, so that misfortune mayitself be made a gain. A fraudulant king or one who falsely feigns himself a knight, suchparts as these may yield excellent results when interpreted by one who is deformed sinceit Is ever amusing to see a misshapen person imitating beauty.... and this is advice notto be disdained. jg? On the other hand, the well-shaped actor is too apt to think that his physical gifts aloneare enough to set him above his fellows, but it is useless to be handsome if stupidity liesbeneath. The danger of the handsome actor lies in moving too much by rule and compass,calculating every step and acting stiffly as children do when they are set to recite somepiece they have learned in school and make five or six set gestures to each word. &amp;Such an actor is too prodigal of gesture, but he should consult reason. What is it whichprompts or controls him when he talks with various people in the house or street ? Soconvinced is the author of the importance of this frugality of gesture that he goes on to praythe Muse that each actor may feel as though lie were entirely deprived of arms and legs, andso, and so only, he wili be unembarassed and act well and his fame will go from east to west;and he continues praying that he himself, as actor, may understand the true and livingsense of what he acts, for, he says, 44 I am the interpreter, I the priest ". He declares thatin imagination he can hear them all inveighing against the 44 great reformer " who wouldthus mutilate the actor of his four principle limbs, leaving him, in moments of the fiercestpassion, like a 44 boccale ; " (i.) but, let them say what they like ; if they can prove him to bewrong he will accept the correction gladly, but he still asserts that 44 the marking of everycomma with a gesture is a trespass against truth " and that nothing is more annoying tothe audience.The principal and necessary thing for the actor is, he asserts, to show clearly that hedoes not depart from the truth, for so he can almost convince his audience that what isfeigned is not false, and unless he attains to this he will not please them. The actor, togive a natural effect, should forget not only his four limbs, but perhaps also the fifth, thehead; but. he must feel what he acts,..;, love, anger, jealousy; feel like a king or likeBeelzebub, and if he really feels all these emotions, if 44 with his heart he measures hismovements" they will of themselves germinatq in him and move him to the rightaction.In the third Canto the actor is pictured as objecting that he can't feel like Beelzebub;like Achilles, for instance, he manage to feel, but not like Beelzebub ; no, that isa little too much to expect. The author admits that he has left the actor in a hard positionat the end of the last canto, but that he does not really mean to send him to school toHell. What he means is that when right feeling is master it imparts the right movementsto the limbs. &amp;The actor must regard just proportion and not over-pass the truth. He certainly does notwant to hear himself called a monkey, and the very characteristic of a monkey is that itimitates the reality of the living man but disfigures it by over-stepping truth. The actor should remember that Nature has its limits. He must also avoid extremes,bearing in mind that he has to please both the poor man and the prince. But in tryingto be human he must be careful not to lower himself. If his imagination sweeps him outof the direct way let him ever keep the helm turned rather towards the higher extremethan the lower; And here the author, to emphasize his meaning, gives an example of theundignified behaviour of a king he once saw upon the stage.(1) A " boccale " la a kind of bottle. This king had assembled before him his royal counsellors to examine and try a seriouscase. The accused was his own son, and, for the maintenance of the law, there was auniversal murmur of 44 Death. ' The king, who was seated, rested his elbows on his kneesand his chin between his hands, until, says Riccoboni, 44 he really seemed to me, in allgood faith, one of those Pagodas that come from China, the only difference being that hewas made of flesh and bone instead of clay. " Another example of the unbecoming behaviourof such petty kings was in a scene where a monarch, seated opposite his great lords androbed in kingly splendour, received a foreign ambassador and listened to the orator withhis legs crossed and nibbling a glove. &amp; &amp;Of course all the stupid immediately began to cry out, 44 how natural, how true to life!why, I did that myself! ", 44 and 1, more than once; " which could be well believed, sinceit was a gesture worthy of base persons, but certainly not of kings. True, a king mighthave made such gestures, but they should never have been offered as typical 44 kinglyactions " on the stage.The actor must show nature, yes; but in an elevated and noble form, the trivial,(which may be becoming enough to the common people), being reserved for the streets orfor the house. 44 In Comedy one smells at every flower, but Tragedy is a lady to be respectedand full of majesty " and if the actor finds himself applauded for such actions as thosecited above he must remember that it is false applause and that the glory bestowed bythe base people is of little worth. In comedy it is permissable to show the low and triviallife of the city, but when a king is brought upon the stage, (although it may be that inreal life there are kings who degrade themselves), he should be shown as noble and withall the dignity and beauty at command. &amp;The actor should be careful to make himself heard to the most distant spectator andalso to make all his gestures visible, being heedful at the same time not to appear to thoseclose at hand to be shouting and wildly gesticulating. As for other matters, those must beleft to the actor's own good sense until he find the right way,In the fourth Canto facial expression is principally discussed. The author declares thatinterest is concentrated upon the actor's face. He cites examples from pictures whereinthe impression caused by one central action is differently depicted upon each face in thegroup, and says that the actor must show feeling or he will not be believed to feel, and inthat case all is lost. It is foolish to delude oneself with the idea that the audience noteonly gesture, form and voice. Why, it a line could be drawn from the eyes of every spectatorto the point where his gaze fixes itself where would all the lines terminate and meet ? inthe actor's face;&amp; This shews the value and importance of facial expression and the actor should practisethis in front of a mirror. He should seek after the old mimic art, now unknown to us,remembering that those ancient mimes had only gestures and face by which to expresseverything, and yet the modern actor, with eyes, hands, ears and mouth at his command,seems often unable to express joy or sorrow or any emotion, giving, by his immobility, theimpression that Nature sleeps in him.In weeping on the stage the actor must be careful not to disfigure his face and somake the people laugh or he will produce the opposite effect from that which he desires.A woman crying in a scene with her lover should, for instance, give the impression thather emotion is real to him, but should make it appear feigned to the audience, so thatthey may see 44 the deception joined with the truth and yet distinct ". Again, in laughter,that 44 jewel without which comedy cannot exist ", It is important to laugh well and infec- tiously, for nothing is worse than to see an actor gay and jubilant while his audience Isgloomy and bored.Canto five is chiefly about the cultivation of the voice. It is not enough to be good tolook upon, says the author, if you have a voice like a parrot. Also he urges thatthe actor study the delivery of verse and learn neither to hurry nor to drawl, and thatin comedy he be careful to set aside his declamatory manner and use the familar discoursesuch as his father Adam used. &amp;&amp; The sixth Canto treats principally of the value of Silences, and the actor is advised toinvoke Arpocrate, 44 the great ever-silent god ". You think it is so easy to be quiet when you have said your say " says Riccoboni. " I tell you it is the hardest thing there is, andthat as a rule to see you at such moments is enough drive one mad ". &amp; &amp; The need forstudy Physical quali»fications*j&amp; &amp; Gesture. Just proportion The trivial tobe avoided. &amp; Facial expres- sion, &amp; The v o ice. Silence . THE EXTEMPORE PLAYERS' ADVICETO HAMLET, THE PLAYWRIGHT. E. E. The Actors &amp; Write the speech as we recite it to you, spontaneously, and with afacile pen ; but if you correct and polish it too much as many of your writers do, we hadas lief a notary wrote our lines.Nor do not put down too many bombastic phrases such as " From this time forth "" my thoughts be bloody or be nothing worth ", but write all gently : for in the verytorrent, tempest, and as I may say the whirlwind of passion, you must acquire and begeta temperance, that may give it smoothness.&amp; O, it offends us to the soul, to read the flatulent phrases of a pettifogging poetinflating a passion into a hollow O, to amaze the commentators ; who, for the most part,are capable of nothing but extravagant hieroglyphics ; we would have such a fellow whippedfor o' erdoing Abracadapra, .... it out Mumbos Jumbo. Pray avoid it. &amp;The Play-writei. &amp; I warrent your honours.^&amp; The Actors. Write not too tamely neither, but let your own discretion be your tutor;suit the language to the action, the action to the language with this special observance,that you o'erstep not the modesty of nature; for anything so overdone is from thepurpose of language, whose end, both at the first, and now, was, and is, to hold, ast'were, the mirror up to nature; to show virtue her own feature, scorn her own imageand the very age and body of the time, his form and pressure. Now this, over°embellished,though it make commentator glow cannot but make the ideal spectator grieve ; thecensure of the which one must in your allowance o' erweigh a whole British Museum ofothers. O there be play»writers whose works we have read, .... and heard others praiseand that highly.... not to speak It profanely, that having neither the thoughts ofChristians, nor the language of Christian, pagan nor man, have so written and rewrittenand corrected and recorrected that we thought some of nature's journeymen had madephonographs and not made them well, they reported humanity so abominably. &amp;&amp; The Play writer. I hope I have reformed that indifferently with my plays, Sirs.The Actois. O, reform it altogether. And let those that copy down our clowns' partswrite no more thereto than has been spoken and omit nothing neither: for there be somewho will waste time in pondering and set on some quantity of barren commentators toponder too, though in the meantime some necessary question of the Drama be then to beconsidered. That's villainous, and shows a most pitiful ambition in the sage that uses it. Go, make ready your &lt;£? &lt;£? SCHUBLER. 1729. THE ENGLISHSTAGE IN 1911. A DIALOGUE BETWEEN A CRITIC AND A PROFESSIONAL PERFORMER. by Allen Carric. THE PROFESSIONAL.£? Why are you always grumbling againstthe modern English Theatre as If there werenothing good to be said about it &amp;THE CRITIC.Because there is nothing good to be saidabout It. It is intoxicated with itself. It doesnothing to be at all proud of and yet deceivesitself that it is doing admirably. Its idea ofbeing up-to-date is to put back the handsof the clock. All its energy is concentratedupon this task and upon the still morehopeless task of proving this error to be thetruth. &amp; &amp; &amp; £&gt;THE PROFESSIONAL.I am amazed to hear you say this. Ipresume you do not include certain talentedactors and actresses in your wholesale abuseof the modern- stage ?THE CRITIC,It depends upon who you mean by 44 cer- tain talented actors and actresses". There arecertainly a few men and women on themodern stage who are remarkable actorsand possessed of distinction and taste, menand women of fine and interesting character,charming manners and fascinating countryhouses. But when the individual makes noattempt to alter the vile conditions withwhich he is surrounded because those condi- tions in no way affect him, then he layshimself open to be criticised as part andparcel of the modern theatre. &amp;THE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; What can he do but go on doing hisbest ? THE CRITIC.He can protest against the bad conditions,and his protest, if sincere, will bring aboutbetter conditions. &amp; &amp; &amp;As it Is he remains silent,... he lies by his silence. Mark Twain puts the case clearlyIn one of his books :44 It would not, "hesays, 44 be possible for a humane and intel- -44 ligent person to Invent a rational excuse44 for slavery; yet you will remember that in44 the early days of the emancipation in the44 north the agitators got but small help44 or countenance from anyone. Argue and44 plead and pray as they might, they could44 not break the universal stillness that44 reigned," they were met, 4&lt;all the way down44 to the bottom of society.... by 44 the44 clammy stillness created and maintained44 by the lie of silent assertion ... the silent44 assertion that there wasn't anything going44 on in which humane and intelligent people44 were interested". &amp; &amp;The modern theatre meets all attacks onits worthlessness and proposals for its Im- provement with just this 44 lie of silent as- sertion ".THE PROFESSIONAL.Again I am amazed to hear you say this.THE CRITIC.But it is only what everyone else knowsand doesn't say. 44 The universal conspiracyof the silent assertion lie is hard at workalways and everywhere, and always in theinterests of a stupidity or a sham, never inIthe interest of a thing fine and respectable."Don't imagine those are my words. Againthey are Mark Twain's. &amp;THE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; May not the reason for remaining silentbe a tasteful desire not to interfere ?THE CRITIC.No, for there is a time for good taste insuch matters and a time limit also. In myopinion you have exceeded the time limitby thirty or forty years and have not a legto stand on. You would do better to admit it than to waste your time and the patienceof the century by brazening it out with anair of slightly astonished and offendeddignity. &amp; &amp;THE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; Would you kindly inform me what youthink would be the best thing for us to doso that we might have something to guide us ?THE CRITIC.Why not ? ... although you are not sin- cere in your request. &amp; &amp;jg/ Begin by remembering that you have thedisadvantage of being insular and art makesno allowances for this misfortune. Take thetrouble to go abroad so as to study the workof your contemporaries. Visit Paris, Berlin,Madrid, Munich, Vienna and Moscow moreoften ; and then do not forget that thereare possibly still more Important places foryou to visit,... Warsaw, Cracow, Amsterdam,Naples, Palermo, Budapest; and even thenyou have not exhausted the list of placeswhere the theatre shows more profitableactivity than you are showing in London,and where life is to be seen in a morenatural pose. JZ? &lt;£?THE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; Well, I have been to Paris, to Berlin andto Moscow. &lt;£? &amp; &amp;THE CRITIC.And did you learn nothing there ?THE PROFESSIONAL.What is there to learn ? I saw rathereccentric pieces in Paris, queer pieces donein a queer way in Berlin, and downright de- cadent things in Moscow. &amp;THE CRITIC-How long were you in Paris ? THE PROFESSIONAL.About a week.THE CRITIC.And how long in Berlin ?THE PROFESSIONAL.j&amp; About ten days: but I had little time tosee more than two performances there for Iwas working at the time.THE CRITIC.And Moscow?., how long were you there?THE PROFESSIONAL.Three days. £&gt;THE CRITIC.&amp; And you judge the plays and performan- ces of a nation and the life of that nationafter seeing them for about three or fourdays and nights at most ? THE PROFESSIONAL.I can tell in a moment what I like. &amp;THE CRITIC.The question, my friend, is not what youlike, and I was not asking you to like ordislike anything. The question is what it isnecessary to Jknow. When you know thorough- ly what is being done by your contempo- raries in Art you are better able to criticiseyour own efforts, and after you know whatthe life of Europe means you will be morecritical to yourself. But as you have indica- ted, your conceit is so , abnormal that youare unable to - recognise the good things ina piece of foreign work when you see it.I don't want you to be madly enthusiasticabout the work of strangers, but you mightfor your own sake remember that theseforeigners are your nearest kin,... artistsall the world over belong to one family,and one would think itjmight bring aflittle na- tural warmth to your body to witness thework of a brother artist no matter to whatnationality he belonged.THE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; What you say is possibly very correct ifits expression is a little exaggerated. Un- fortunately I have no time to enjoy myselfin the way you propose.THE CRITIC.As I suspected you have no time to devoteto the study of the work of your contempo- raries. But let me tell you that you have notime to postpone it any longer. You havehardly time to extricate yourself from a dan- gerous situation. &amp; &amp; &amp;THE PROFESSIONAL.Sir, you exaggerate! The condition ofthe English stage is not, certainly, all thatit might be, but it compares favourably withany other stage of modern times.THE CRITIC.&amp; I have so often heard you and your fel- lows say this that I begin to think that itmust be a quotation from Pinero. Pray howdoes it compare favourably ?THE PROFESSIONAL.Well, we have as good actors and actresses,we mount our plays as well as or betterthan foreigners, we have as great play- wrights. &amp;THE CRITIC.What playwright have you of the firstrank ? THE PROFESSIONAL,Our Shakespeare. &amp; &amp; THE CRITIC.(i Our Shakespeare " indeed ! Why, youlet the Germans do more honour to him thanyou will do yourselves, (i) It is wonderfulhow you flourish the name of Shakespearewhen you want to win an argument,.... itcosts so little .... and when you want towin credit for your country you drop himlike a hot penny ... it costs too much. Yes,you have the greatest playwright, but forall he is honoured in England he might bethe worst. When it comes to acts instead ofwords you all of you with one accord cryout " it won't pay; Shakespeare may be artbut it isn't business ". Instead of having acontempt for anyone who was heard to uttersuch unpatriotic sentiments you think sucha one rather brave and call him a trueEnglishman. It is disgusting. &amp;If any other nation could boast this dra- matist as its son the whole land would havea Shakespeare Festival in every city andvillage; the theatres of each centre such asBirmingham, Manchester, Bristol, Liverpool,Stratford-on-Avon, Newcastle and many othertowns would each give at least sixty perfor- maces of his plays each year and such a cityas London would possess no less than fifteentheatres wherein Shakespearean plays weregiven no less than one hundred times a year,and one, or perhaps two theatres where no- thing else was ever given.JG?Whereas what you do i 5,.... well, youtalk about Shakespeare and you do nothing.You give a kind of Festival yearly, but oneof your scape-goats bears the brunt of It.You think it absolves the rest from all re- sponsability and you heave a sigh of reliefwhen the period has passed. As for being ableto see a play by Shakespeare all the yearround at one theatre or another in London,why it is out of the question. JG? JG&gt;THE PROFESSIONAL.But is this our faultTHE CRITIC.Most certainly it is. If as a body youshowed determination to produce these mas- ter pieces you would soon have the supportyou need. But you show no determination,and you leave those leaders who do showany determination unless they can buy you(I) In 1897 no fewer than 930 performances were given in Germanyof 24 plays by Shakespeare, In 1898 no less than 895 performancesof 28 plays of Shakespeare. In 1910 no more than 140 Performanceswere given in London according to Mr Waters.and this numberincluded the Shakespeare Festival. and your tongue; &amp; &amp; &amp;THE PROFESSIONAL.You are getting abusive.THE CRITIC.Perhaps,... and speaking the truth. Youactors are without backbone or pluck. JG/THE PROFESSIONAL.Was Hepry Irving without backbone orpluck ? &amp;THE CRITIC.So after Shakespeare whom you trembleto read you bring forward Irving whom youtrembled to see? You take Henry Irvingas your example, but pray what kind ofsupport did you give him ? If you had doneyour duty when Henry Irving was alive youwould have all seen to it that when he leftthe Lyceum he passed into the NationalTheatre as head and front of the whole In- stitution, supported by the first gentlemenof the land. You could have done it, but youneither valued Henry Irving nor the interestsof the Theatre as a Palace of Art nor haveyou the grace of true affection for greatthings. Yon love yourselves each of you in- divldually, and you do not love the theatre.THE PROFESSIONAL.We gave Ellen Terry one of the greatest" Benefits " it is possible to give.THE CRITIC.A Benefit! What Ellen Terry, HenryIrving and every good worker in the Theatreis entitled to is Theatres, Theatres, Theatres•Away with your ''Benefits" and fuss whichcovers a rare lot of economy. Try to letyourselves go next time. Demand for EllenTerry a Theatre, and for every good workerof the first order a Theatre, and let thoseTheatres be controlled by the State or en- dowed by the first gentlemen of Englandwhose duty it is to support this branch ofArt. Do you suppose that these actors andactresses whom you pretend to rave aboutare enjoyng the fruit of their labours ? TakeBenson, for instance. JG? JG?have you, his comrades, done for him?Nothing. If you took him to Manchester andinstalled him in a theatre of his own andlet him work on without the everlastingburden of having to make two ends meetyou might claim to be of some use to yourgeneration. But you have no pluck. You letBenson waste his energies when you mightassist him to nurse them, because you arelazy and because you hate putting the ca- pable man above you. &amp; &amp; But to return to our argument. You saidyou had as good actors and actresses asthere are on the Continent, and I have justpointed out to you how you reward them.What then have you to boast about?THE PROFESSIONAL.jg? But it's none of our business to rewardourselves. We must leave that to the Public.THE CRITIC.Evidently another quotation from Pinero !You must leave nothing to the Public. Youmust lead the Public in everything. You mustdictate to the Public for you are its humbleservants. But before being able to do thatyou must show a little more spirit, get ridof your selfish leaders and put the othermen in their place,... the best men, thoseof most talent.THE PROFESSIONAL.1 really don't understand you at all;THE CRITIC.Never mind,... you will, And now aboutstage productions. Do you seriously claim tomount your plays better than or as well asplays are mounted in Germany, Russia orFrance ? or that your stage management isbetter than that of the Russians, Siciliansor GermansTHE PROFESSIONAL.&amp; Certainly, far better.THE CRITIC.&lt;g? Then I give you up! You could mount andstage-manage them better, but you don't.Your scenery is just up to the level of yourworst acting. You never but once gave EllenTerry a background worthy of her genius,and as there is only one Ellen Terry yousay to yourselves, Why trouble to improvethe whole Theatre just so as properly tosupport one actress ? No, you will level down anything rather than level up to anything.You are not ashamed of this for you call ityour practical ccmmon sense and set greatstore by it. jg?&amp; It is the same with your stage-manage- ment . There is no standard. The Irvingstandard was high and you have gone belowit whilst in Europe it has been steadily ri- sing.&amp; You realise that the first requirement ofa good stage-manager is a troupe of well- disciplined actors of temperament; as youdo not like discipline and despise tempera- ment you decide that you will also do with- out good stage- managers or anyhow makeit impossible for them to achieve what theywant. &amp;&amp; My advice to you is to go abroad and seewhat is being done there, and to come backand see if you can discern the differencebetween what is first class in our theatreand what is of no class. And before we se- parate let me tell you that you have muchgreater playwrights, greater actors and ac- tresses and greater producers in Englandthan abroad, but you cannot pick them outfrom the crowd and so you ignore them andtheir needs and rights and bring discreditupon your theatre through this apathy, andEngland is the sufferer.&amp; Learn to rave less about'your home pro- ducts and to cultivate them more. But beforeyou can do this you must get rid of your in- different and conceited leaders who preventbetter conditions for the art, and youmust learn that until you treat your artseriously and everything affecting its inte- rests, (not your interests), you will have theproud satisfaction of boasting the worst- conditioned theatre in Europe. HENRY IRVING. BOOK REVIEWS ART'S ENIGMA by Frederick Jameson.The Bodley Head, Price sevenshillings and sixpence.r Jameson is the last of many to comeforward and try to solve the riddle ofthe Sphinx. Many have done so before him,and many will do so yet; and still the rid- dle,... if riddle there be, ...is not JS? But why should it be ? What advantageis there in all this talk about Art ? Can aman, by searching, find out God ? and whatshall it profit him to apprehend Art withhis brain when the only essential is that heperceive it with his spirit ? Is not the dis- cussion of Art in the abstract somewhatanalogous in its futility to discussion of theHoly Ghost ? for there are things which onefeels but cannot demonstrate, secret forceswhich inspire and explain the whole of lifeand which yet no man could conclusivelydefine.To the world at large it is more essentialto have an appreciation of the manifestationsof art than an intellectual understanding ofits nature. Pater says that it is less know- ledge than a particular kind of temper, a sen- sitiveness to impressions, which is requiredin one who approaches a work of art. Whit- man's words, 44 All architecture Is what youdo to it when you look upon it " applies tomore than architecture, and this qualitywhich expresses itself in the 44 looking " isnot of the brain but of the heartsNor is this intellectual understandingmore essential to the artist himself. Hecreates; and he will create none the betterfor continually peering into and dissectingthe secret of his own power and his ownsoul.&amp; The greatest artist probably could n0t....almost assuredly would not trouble to, explainwhy he acts or creates as he does; he obeyssome law as profound as that which governsthe stars in their courses ; Is probably hardlyconscious of the processes which produced the results : even while perfectly controllingand compelling his material he was in histurn compelled and controlled by some my- sterious inner spirit, and before his comple- ted work would perhaps reply as did Aaronto Moses : 44 I cast it (the gold) into the fire,and there came out this calfMr Arthur Symons, in the Preface to thenew edition of his 44 Plays, Acting and Music "says that he is gradually working his way44 towards the concrete expression of a theory,or system of aesthetics, of all the arts ";and again, that 44 each art has its own laws,44 its own capacities, its own limits; these it44 is the business of the critic jealously to44 distinguish. Yet in the study of art as art44 it should be his endeavour to master the44 universal science of beautyMr Jameson seeks to discover the secretof 44 the essential unity of the several thingswe range under the title of Art", beingsure that whatever is 44 included under onetitle will be found to have a vital bond ofunion " and his object is 44 to trace out thatbond in the matter of art, and to discoversome of the essential characteristics of thedifferent things it unites in oneHe divides his essay into chapters uponMusic, Poetry, Drama, Novel-writing, Pain- ting, Architecture and Technique, and natu- rally the chapter which interests us most isthat upon Drama. But we come to it a littledoubtful of Mr Jameson's fitness fot thetask he has set himself,... the serious dis- cussion of Art,... after reading in his chapteron Poetry so amazing a statement as that WaltWhitman's 44 essays in poetry " are 44 a stri- -44 king example of the failure of the deepest4* feeling to produce poetry when unaided by44 true artistic imagination " and when hefurther tells us that, in using the poetic form,Whitman 44 grasps at an instrument uponwhich he is unable to play "IWe are not surprised after this to find MrJameson basing all his arguments upon amisconception of what Drama really is, anddisappointment to the student is the inevi- table result of such a method, for if thepremises are wrong how can the conclusions,even if arrived at, be right ? &amp; &amp;The author confounds the dramatic withthe poetic art and complains that the worksof the poets are spoiled by the way they aretreated when brought upon the stage. Butthat is inevitable, for they are completebefore being brought there, and so all ad- dition can be only 44 gilding the lily " withmore or less disastrous results. JZ?Mr Jameson complains that 44 our ideas ofthe relation of scenery to drama and of the atti- tude of the public with regard to it are unclearand ill-conceived ", but is this to be wonder- ed at when one who sets out to teach othersabout Drama is himself so 44 unclear " as towhat Drama really is, so oblivious of thefact that its essence is in action, not words,and that a written play bears as much rela- tionship to a living drama as does a fossilleaf to a similar leaf bursting from its sheathin spring ? &amp; &amp; jtsrA piece appears " overweighted" withscenery because the whole work, theaction, the place, the sound,... has not deve- loped together to create one impression ; the44 piece ", that is, 44 the word ", is alreadycomplete in itself, a perfect literary workof art, and any addition at all will be 44 over- weighting ", and this will ever be the casewhen one artist tries to add to another'scompleted work of art.Would it not, for instance, have been44 overweighting" had Botticelli put the colourof his Venus, not upon his canvas, but uponthe sculptured Venus dei Medici, she beingcomplete as she was ? Or had Ghiberti chaseda fine set of metal armour and attached itto Donatello's figure of Gattamelata ? Hereof course I do but re-echo the opinion expres- sed originally by Mr Gordon Craig in hisessay on 44 Plays and Playwrights, Picturesand Painters in the Theatre ", (i) where hewrites as follows.44 Suppose we look at a picture by Signo- -44 relli, the famous one of the Berlin Gallery.44 1 fail utterly te [believe that a stirring44 quartett playing hard at the same time44 would assist our eyes; or that some one44 reciting to us simultaneously the 44 Birth44 of Pan" would bring out the qualities in44 the picture. It would only confuse.44 Supposing we are listening to the Pa- -44 storal Symphony by Beethoven. I do not44 believe that a panorama of haymakers44 making hay, or a pleasant voice reading to44 us from Spenser's 44 Shepherd's Calendar "44 would add in any way to the understanding44 or the enjoyment of those qualities which44 are in the Symphony. It would only44 confuse." &amp;&amp; And how right he Is, and how necessaryit is that we all re-echo the statement. In fact all this discussion as to howShakespeare should be put upon the stage isreally but a shirking of the larger issues;of the truth that the theatre should haveno need to call in Shakespeare or any otherpoet at all, but should resume its old inde- pendence, an independence of the other artssuch as characterised it when the great Im- provisators were the creators as well asthe actors of all that was set upon thestage. (1.) "The Mask." December 1908 ADAM'S DREAM and Two other MiraclePlays for Children, by Alice Corbin.Charles Scribner's Sons. &amp;rphis little book contains three plays, Adam'sDream, 44 The Star of Bethelehem " and44 Easter Morning " together with stage de- corations and suggestions for the colourschemes and costumes used in the plays, lineillustrations of some of the scenes, and musicfor the songs and choruses.The whole possesses a certain unity owingto the fact that the author did not merelywrite these down, but herself set the pieces onthe stage, and seems to have grasped inrelation to her little plays a truth to whichmany are blind :.. . that the words are onlya portion of a play, and that scene and move- ment must be considered from the outsetas factors of equal importance and not merelyas extraneous additions when the 44 piay "is already a completed thing; and she isfollowing a right train of thought when shewrites in her Preface of the visual stand- point as that in which " fully one-half ofthe artistic importance of a play consists "and tells us that she shaped her own playsso that " colour and the natural and simplegrace of movement make up more than halfthe mystery. "Of course not having seen the plays acted itis really impossible to do them justice, for thecolour may have been bad, the movement farfrom graceful or natural; and then it wouldbe just to remind Miss Corbin that the goodintentions which she shows in her Introduc- tion count little unless technically she isable to perform the miracle as well as chro- nicle it. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; The little pieces themselves have muchcharm of style and the book is heartily to berecommended to those on the lookout forchildren's plays. We like, too, the littlePrologue:Our play begins, be quiet all,And clap not till the curtain fall; 'Tis Adam's Dream " we mean to show,And you will like the play we know,So please be quiet!i .... advice which might well be followedby audiences in larger theatres and of olderfolk, and so, to quote the words of Mr Furst.n The Mask, 44 prevent a vulgarity ", since44 Applause is the flattery of the strong bythe weak ". I COMICI ITALIANI by Luigi Rasi.F. Lumachi; Florence. Price one hundredand fifty francs. J. S. Jn this work, the result of tireless andamazing patience, and skilful, well-directedand discriminating research, Professor Rasi,the distinguished head of the FlorentineScuola di Recitazione, gives us a completeBiographical Dictionary of the Italian actorsfrom the early days of the fifteenthcentury down to the late nineteenthcentury.&amp; Professor Rasi has brought profoundscholarship and an enthusiastic delight inhis subject to the preparation of his work.He has searched libraries in all lands, studieddocuments, delved among old parchments ; hehas unearthed things forgotten for centuries;he has brought to light facts about thelives of comedians whose very names hadbeen forgotten, and he presents all thisaccumulated treasure to us further enrichedwith innumerable illustrations in three largevolumes. &amp; &amp;Certainly his book is a remarkable achieve- ment, and those who desire to knowsomething of the Italian actors can go to nomore convenient and well-arranged source tosatisfy their curiosity. &amp;Here they will find the lives of Andreini,Martinelli, Fiorilli, Gherardi, Riccoboni andall that splendid band who rendered the Ita- lian Theatre so famous in the sixteenthand seventeenth centuries; they will findheir portraits and their horoscopes, the recordof what they did and of what they wrote.Every page is full of valuable information,vivid with rare illustrations, alight withquaint anecdote grouped and arranged byone possessed of a store of knowledge, awell-stocked library and a facile pen.Indeed, we admire Professor Rasi's bookso much that we fear lest our expression ofthis admiration should seem insufficient inwarmth, incomplete In description, especiallyto the author himself, whom we should par- ticularly like to convince of our sincere appreciation of his fine achievement.We are glad to have been the first to intro- duce this remarkable work to English readers,grateful for the information it has given us,happy to seize this opportunity of publiclyexpressing to Professor Rasi our appreciationof and gratitude for several little serviceswhich he, so rich in knowledge of, as wellas in objects of historical value relatingto, the Commedia dell'Arte has renderedto The Mask in its preparation of thenumbers which it has especially devotedto that most interesting phase of the Italian Theatre. JZ? DRAMATIC VALUES, by C.E. Montague.&amp; Methuen. Price five shillings net.JYI* Montague is a good writer and goes infor criticism. He criticises the theatreand forgets to inform himself thoroughlyabout the theatre. He knows something aboutMoliere and his period, something aboutIbsen's period, a little about the Commediadell'Arte, and he goes ahead.Then of course he has been obliged tostudy the plays of Synge, Masefield, Shawand Wilde, and so he knows a good dealabout these things, and, writing well uponthem, he gives us great pleasure when weread. £&gt; &amp;In the meantime some necessary questionof the theatre be then to be considered,and of that Mr. Montague knows but little.But how well he writes, how delightfulare his words about the plays of Mr. Syngeand the tragedies of Mr. Masefield I It isonly when he attempts to analyse the theatreand its yet unformed art that he writes inso queer away, saying that the three strictelements of great acting are, 44 a plasticphysical medium, a finished technical cunning,44 and a passion of joy In the thought of thecharacter acted ". All of which is, of course,talking nonsense. £?&amp; Again in the same essay where he speaksof Coquelin filling the impish valets of Moliere44 with a vehemence of life that no one hadthought of before " he reveals his ignoranceof theatrical history. This tradition, thisvehemence of life, was in these impishvalets even before Moliere copied them intohis book. Gherardl, Andreini, Fiorelli, Dom- inique Romagnesi, Martinelli, were all fargreater actors than Coquelin and greatereven than Moliere in that they created thesesame valets whereas the poet merely madea record of their words and acts which the modern actor simply repeats word for wordand act for act. jgrThis It is to be a grand traditional actor,and that he is faithful to his old masterscan be his proud boast. He cannot claim tocreate nor can another claim for him thathe fills these roles 44 with a vehemence oflife no one had thought of before. " THE ADVENTURE by Henry BryanBi'nns. A. C. Fifleld. London. Pricetwo shillings and sixpence net. jg/romantic variation on the Homeric themeof Circe and Ulysses in which we findmuch of that vivid beauty and dignity ofexpression of which Mr. Binns has alreadyproved himself possessed in 44 The Wanderer "and 44 The Great Companions&amp;&amp; We read Mr. Binns' poem with so muchpleasure that we hope he will not be temptedto materialise his 44 Isle Perilous " in woodand canvas upon any stage, nor to allow his44 wanderer in quest of Freedom " to wanderinto the theatre out of that land of poeticliterature which is his right and only sphere. CRITICS CRITICISED AT-1' " ~vy" ' v• fjn. |*jri AllJJgajgTHE IMPERTINENCE OF AMATEURCRITICISM, by Gordon Craig.&lt;&amp; he New Age continues to invitepainters to chatter about the Art ofthe Theatre as though they had studied the craft of the stage. It is meant well enough,but it calls forth a tremendous amount oftwaddle, and what is more dangerousexcept trash ? This latter commodity thesame little group will now probably manu- facture and offer to the public as Art. &amp;Startlingly straightforward and useful arethe reasons given by two writers in the NewAge Symposium who decline to enter intothe trap; these two are Madame YvetteGuilbert and M. Henri Marcel. j&amp;The former states clearly after a life'sexperience in the theatre that u to replyintelligently 44t0 the questions put by the NewAge on the reform of the theatre it wouldneed a book, and she excuses herself fromthe task by informing the enthusiastic editor that she has a big enough task in hand as itIs : that is, her daily work in the theatre.Indeed, Madam, that work is doing moreto reform the theatre than any amount oftheory will ever do. jz?&amp; M. Henri Marcel excuses himself becausehe 44 has not the technical knowledge neces- sary to speak with authority ". Oh, if onlythe others had M. Marcel's modesty, his goodmanners which forbid him to intrude in anargument which concerns none but thosewho have worked all their lives in thetheatre! jz? jg/M. Jacques Blanche is an example of onewho rushes in and exposes his folly. He sumsup a list of incompetent and incorrectstatements by saying that he thinks " thosewho work for the stage should have threequalifications: &amp; &amp; jgr44 (i) Knowledge of the various styles in44 architecture (obtained from the best clas- -44 sical and historical examples) and know- -44 ledge of the finest pictures in the public44 galleries.44 (2) Taste, a genuine taste, and an un- -44 derstanding of beauty. An appreciation for44 the most beautiful works of art in existence,44 together with an understanding of the44 play or opera which they undertake to44 interpret, quicken and emphasize plasti- -44 cally. &amp; &amp;44 (3) A total and decided neglect of every- -44 thing done on the stage within the last44 fifty years. "The third qualification is rather moreoriginal than the first two, and one wouldgather from M. Blanche's own showing thathe is eminently qualified in his own way toproduce in his own theatre for himself quitea number of sweet nothings, for he seemsto have a total and decided neglect (?) ofeverything done on the stage within thelast fifty years " developed to extraordinaryjz? &amp;&amp; What and who is M. Blanche anyway ?We know who Madame Yvette Guilbert is.She is a professional actress, and M. Blancheprobably not even an amateur actor.I hope that some day people will learnthat a carpenter is not the man to consultwhen it comes to reforming the bakeries;that policemen are no authorities upon thesubject of making jewelry ; and that painters,professors and editors are incompetent todeliver an opinion of any value upon the verydifficult Art of the Theatre. FOREIGN NOTES. LONDON J. B. " Sumurun " and Mr Gordon Craigjgveryone her© is speaking, of " Sumurun "the Pantomime brought over by ProfessorRelnhardt from Berlin. Everyone is delightedwith it.Of course the production is, as Mr PaulKonody, writing in the Daily Mail, rightlypoints out, " merely the latest developmentof the stage reform initiated by Mr GordonCraig"... a fact which will naturally in=crease the pleasure of the public since MrCraig is an Englishman. JZ/But what does Mr Konody mean when hegoes on to tell us that Mr Craig was in histurn "inspired by the art of Mr James Pryde"?I was so curious to know what Mr. JamesPryde had to do with it that I wrote to MrCraig on the subject. I got a short line inreply; it ran ask Pryde"; but not havingthe pleasure of knowing more than thepaintings of that remarkable artist 1 could'utact according to this suggestion.&amp; For my part 1 have never seen any stagework by Mr Pryde and 1 know of no one elsewho has seen any either. Therefore if Mr Craig,stage manager, has been inspired by Mr Prydepainter, it seems quite obvious that he hasalso been inspired by Rembrandt, by Blake,by Fra Angelico and by Leonardo da Vinci,and it is only fair to these gentlemen todrag them in somehow. &amp; &amp; &amp;But surely some credit is due to thosemost responsible for producing the man,that is, his parents. &amp; .aI look forward to Mr Craig's return toLondon ; at present he is in Paris arrangingfor the production of .., . but I must followthe precedent of the London Theatre and bevery mysterious about it. R. S.Mr Whelen1 s new" Dusseldotf" plans. Whelen has not yet obtained the capitalhe requires to launch another RepertoryTheatre of problem plays at us. But that isnot surprising, for in a recent article he asksfor money so as to make a theatre " with a dramatic school attached on the Dusseldorfmodel " As if England wanted to copya German model ! &amp;What Mr Whelen can be thinking of isnot clear. Is he really so pessimistic aboutthe originality of the English?...." The Dusseldorf model "... tut! M. P.Salome: Realism versus the Censor. &amp;Idealism delights people so much that theywill even take liberties with the law ofthe land to get it.^s?&amp; The New Players' Society has produced" Salome " at the Court Theatre, paragraphi- ng their performances as 'in defiance of theCensor".&lt;£? " Salome " is a realistic piece about alady who parades the stage in an almostnude condition saying she will kiss the lipsof John the Baptist. She does it, and getswhat used to be called toe-koe for it. In factthe poor girl is killed.Now what the whole fuss is about is neverclear. We go away from the performance quiteunmoved and utterly worn out with listeningto the conscious everlasting chant which themarionettes and that hussy the leading ladyhave kept up. We want a cup of tea; we wantto get back to our fresh old garden or evento our stuffy old study where our books seemyoung and innocent with their old wisdomafter the terrible experience at the CourtTheatre.The performance was not so bad exceptthat it was awful. There were good actorsacting worse than ever before. There werepretty dresses looking sillier than ever.Sweet voices forced themselves to utter fool=»lish or feeble sounds and graceful and well=built bodies bent themselves jnto horridshapes. &amp; &amp;And all for Hecuba=Salome, for not asoul on the stage was expressing anythingeither experienced or felt; all was so muchrepetition,... a pumping up of stray emotionsfelt once by some one now long dead:What folly then this kind of mumming is !" We will produce Salome " said the NewPlayers' Society, because:i. It is a prohibited play.а. Because Oscar wrote it.3. Because it's sure to make a sensation.4. Because it must make a sensation.5. Because we'll make it make a sensation.б. Because like the cat we will walk byourselves.7. Because we have to. jg? But this good Society has no answer tomake when we ask, why didn't you set aboutmaking a sensation in an original way soas to be sure of making at least that. ? &amp;Miss Loie Fuller at 44 His Majesty's."Loie Fuller has for some unaccoun- table reason accepted a little engagementat His Majesty's Theatre to help in someproduction. It has not transpired whatshe will be asked to do, but from certainindications it can be gathered that the taskwill not be an arduous one nor the engagementfor more than a few 44 Macbeth" at His Majesty's Theatre.Jt Is pity Sir Herbert Beerbohm Tree couldn'tspare Mr Gordon Craig the time he askedIn which to superintend 44 Macbeth, "... thatis to say, eight short weeks.jg? It is a pity because London is just learningthrough the 44Daily Mail " that the Germanwork 44Sumurun" is 44the latest developmentof the stage reform initiated by Mr GordonCraig " and London is going crazy with de- light over that piece of stage-craft, andEngland would probably have been glad tosee the work of one of her own sons. jg/Of course it is not always convenient forSir Herbert to supply the demand, but heshould not have let a few extra weeks' workhinder ' what promised to be an exceptionalproduction from every point of view. jg?As It Is, Sir Herbert promises to proceedalone with the work, taking for himselfprobably twice eight weeks, or at any rateexceeding eight, and we may expect as ad- mirable a production as Sir Herbert gene- rally manages to concoct. &amp; &amp;We shall see witches in the air, no doubt,and all the actors will be forced to take aback seat,... or rather, nearly all the actors,...and everyone will be pleased with himself,and the receipts will, we trust, reach thesame figure as those for 4&lt;Henry VIII" whichhas been an overwhelming success. jg?By the way, I hear on excellent authoritythat very little money is going to be spenton the production of " Macbeth "; in fact,every penny is being saved... presumably forthe next fairy play. jgrAnd, again by the way, it has never beenthoroughly explained why Sir Herbert didnot seize the opportunity offered to him toproduce 44 The Blue Bird" at his theatreinstead of letting it pass to Mr HerbertTrench who, as everyone knows, made much fo it. &amp; jgr DUB L I N The Abbey Theatre's Success.January 12th was a memorable occasionin the history of the Abbey Theatre ;infact I may say.... and I believe subsequentevents will prove me right,.... in the his- tory of the modern theatre as a whole,being the occasion of the first public useof the new scene for the poetic dramaconceived, constructed and patented by Mr.Gordon Craig.The triple programme consisted of afirst performace of 44 The Deliverer " LadyGregory's tragicomedy, a revival of 44 Theflour Glass " by Mr. W. B. Yeats, and 44 TheFull Moon ", a Comedy in one act also byLady Gregory.&amp; The method of decoration employed forthe two former was invented by Mr. Craig andused by him for the famous Art Theatreof Moscow where, to quote the Abbey TheatreProgramme, 44 it will make possible a per- -44 formance of the full Hamlet, with a diffe- -44 rent decoration for every little scene, so44 rapidly can the scenes be changed. 44 Tiiismethod, " continues the same programmenote 44 does not aim at effects of realism,44 but at a decoration of the stage almost44 infinite in the variety of its expression44 and suggestion, and for the first time44 makes possible effects of lights and44 shadow various, powerful and delicate " :and the note concludes, 44 Mr. Craig has44 given us the right to make use of his44 patent in Ireland, with the generosity of44 a great artist and because he respects our44 work and ambition ". &amp;This scene consists of a series of portablescreens capable of an infinite variety ofeffect; They are as plastic, as limitless intheir potentiality as clay in the hands of asculptor, as fluid in their capacity for changeas the line which follows the draughtsman'spencil, and yet as obedient to law, as closelyallied one to another, as mathematicallyprecise in their movement as the notes ina piece of music. With these, and these alonethe scenic artist can conjure up before uswalls, columns, corridors, halls, stairs, exits,entrances ; so elastic is the material that itmay widen to a spacious piazza or narrowto a secret winding way ; it may be trans- formed before our eyes from a palace hallto a prison cell, and this fact minimisesfor the managers of the Abbey Theatre someof the limitations hitherto imposed upom them by the structural conditions of theirstage.Mr. Yeats himself stated the advantagesof Mr. Craig's invention as follows; " The44 primary value of Mr. Craig's invention is44 that it enables one to use light in a44 more natural and more beautiful way44 than ever before. We get rid of all the44 top hamper of the stage all the44 hanging ropes and scenes which prevent44 the free play of light. It is now possible44 to substitute in the shading of one scene44 real Sight and shadow for painted light44 and shadow. Continually, in the contem- -44 porary theatre, the painted shadow is44 out of relation to the direction of the44 light, and what is more to the point, one44 loses the extraordinary beauty of delicate44 light and shade. This means, however, an44 abolition of realism, for it makes scene*44 painting, which is, of course, a matter of44 painted light and shade, impossible. One44 enters into a world of decorative effect44 which gives the actor a renewed impor- -44 tance. There is less to compete against44 him, for there is less detail, though there44 is more beauty. " 22?The application of the new method to44 The Hour Glass " was of especial interestto those who had witnessed the play pre- viously as affording an opportunity of com- paring the old system with the new; and cer- tainly the verdict of all those present wasall in favour of the new, which investedthe piece with a fresh beauty and dignityand rendered it infinitely more impressivethan of old. &amp; &amp;Indeed, the production was an irrefutableproof of the capacity of simple materials andmediums, when handled by a genius, toproduce beautiful results. The scene was amere arrangement of neutral tinted screens,and the only accessories upon the stagewere the Wise Man's seat, built up of thesame neutral tinted material, the WiseMan's illuminated missal, bell and hour-glass ;but through these scant and simple means,this method of suggestion rather than state- ment, beauty was brought upon the stage,and we found ourselves indeed in what TheMask, referring to this Scene a year ago,described as 44 that strange and wonderfulplace called the land of imaginationAll accessories which could distract fromthe significance of the diamatic apotheosisahd been discarded, while the dramatic values were accentuated and thrown into reliefThe costumes, made from Mr Craig's designs,were, in their simplicity, perfectly in harmonywith the scenic setting, the graceful hangingrobes delighting the eye as they appearedin relief against the light neutral back- ground. &amp;Indeed, the whole production did morethan justify, it brilliantly vindicated, thisinnovation in stage setting. &amp;Dublin has long had cause to be proudof the Abbey Theatre and the fine and cou- rageous enterprise being carried forward byLady Gregory, Mr W. B. Yeats and theirlittle band of helpers. It has additional causeto be so since Friday night's performance.P. N.Extract from The Irish Times; January 13.|f the introduction of Mr. Gordon Craig'ssystem does not mark 44 what the news- papers call an epoch, " it has, nevertheless,many striking points of merit, and consti- tutes a great improvement on the old staging.Mr. Yeats has spoken of Mr. Craig's 44 inven- tion, " and there is apparently a patent inconnection with the system. But what isvaluable in the new scheme does not arise somuch from any 44 invention " as from theapplication of genius to the methods anddetails of staging. There is, in the first place,a reduction of the stage furniture to itssimplest elements, so that the figures of theplayers stand out more prominently againstthe primitive background, and attention isconcentrated on the human and truly expres- sive elements of the drama. There is next acareful design and adjustment of the simpleelements of staging which still further tendsto secure that effect. Lastly, there is asimilar care in regard to the supplementaryelements, lighting arrangements and cos- tuming. The success of these aims is the workof the genius of an individual producer, whocombines with artistic and thoughtful ideason the principles of staging an unusual abi- lity to deal with the mechanical problemsinvolved in giving effect to those principles.A system will work itself out in varyingand numberless cases; but the fulfilment ofMr. Gordon Craig's Ideas will be accordingto the measure of the ability of the indivi- dual producer to deal with each new pieceas it comes up for treatment.The Freeman's Journal. January 13.Jt is one of the cardinal theories of Mr,Gordon Craig that any particular presenta- tion on a stage should be a unity in whichthe spoken words and the acting and thesetting and the colour should combine andblend to form a harmony of mood vivet is difficult to pass judgment on thenew system of stage setting, so hard is it torid oneself of the tyranny of custom andto enter a world where a totally differentset of canons prevails.Mr. Gordon Craig aims at large effectsand at giving a setting which suggests ratherthan depicts. The system which he employsseeks to achieve its aim by the use of a se- ries of screens the full height of the prosce- nium, which fold and open according to thepleasure of the scene-designer. The screensare arranged according to a mathematicalplan, and are destitute of any painted design.Painting interferes, according to the the- ories of Mr. Craig, with proper lightingeffects. £/The setting of Lady Gregory's play wasextremely simple. The screens were placedslantwise across the stage and were foldedso as to suggest pillars. The lighting wasfrom the top and the sides. One did not get,however, the sense of space which wasintended by the artist. Possibly this is thefault of the construction of the theatre, theproscenium being so close to the auditorium,but it seemed to be in some measure dueto the arrangement of the background. Thelighting again was difficult to judge, partlybecause of the play, and partly because onewas wandering in 44 worlds not realised. "If one may venture, in one's ignorance, toquestion, why was there so much amberand so little white light ? There was whitelight in the 44 Hour Glass "... the setting ofwhich, by the way, was entirely beautifuland convincing... when the Angel enters,and perhaps in that we may have the answerto our question.it must be borne in mind in criticisingMr. Gordon Craig's work that he is notmerely a reformer in scene mounting, hepreaches an entirely new theory of thetheatre. &amp;?&amp;&amp;&amp;&lt;&amp;&amp; Far from pretending that his scenerycan be employed in every play, Mr. Craigwould banish from the stage to the study,almost every work which we call a play,and would substitute an entirely new art- form based on all the conditions..... and notmerely on some.... of the theatre. Lady Gregory's play, written as it is, was perhaps a severe trial to which to sub- ject a stage-setting which aims at creatinga mood. jg? &amp; &amp;In Mr. Yeats' Morality the setting didachieve, better even than the simplicity ofthe older setting, what it aimed at. The lighteffects with sombre and heightened tonesaccording to the change in mood investedthe play with a new beauty. FLORENCE J. S. Arena Goldoni.Gordon Craig, having withdrawn hiswork for 44 Macbeth " from His Majesty'sTheatre, has gone to Paris.While there he has been asked to produceany play he might select, and with entireliberty, at the Theatre des Arts. He was notable to accept the offer.He goes again to Moscow very shortly. Thedirector of the Moscow Art Theatre has beenseriously ill and this caused the postpone- ment of 44 Hamlet " for a time. £/ &amp;Mr Craig has also been asked to workon a piece for production in Paris in theautumn. He is considering the idea. Meantimehis school, about which he wrote in theJanuary number of The Mask 1910 beginsto come nearer realization. This will be agood thing, since, to anyone who knows themodern theatre, the necessity of such a schoolof experiment, following the methods andfulfilling the requirements set forth by Mr Craig, is obvious. &amp; P A R / S The Comedie Francaise and the Odeon.J send you news from Paris. Yet what isthere new in Paris ? Paris herself Is newfor she is Eternal ; and there is theComedie Francaise, the very blush of heryoung cheek.&amp; The plays by Moliere acted by the superbchildren of the ancient house are just asentrancing as ever. I have not been in Parisfor close upon thirty-five years, and 1 assureyou that since I have returned here 1 feelmyself twenty-two again. How many menhave written just like this I Why, then, itmust be true. When I left Paris to go toNew Zealand, there was a young man namedAntoine who was the very latest thing, andnow I come back after thirty-five years andfind him still the latest thing; in fact theyare beginning to speak of him as being 44 be- fore his time &amp; &amp;jg? i saw his production of " Romeo and Juliet " and a very wonderful affair it wasto be sure. I have never seen a better pro- duction. I have never before listened to theplay without going to sleep, but the Companyat the Od£on recited the verse with suchrapidity, with such youthful abandon that 1couldn't sleep a wink. &amp;I had been in Germany just before cominghere and seen such very drab performancesin some of their cities, notably in Berlin,that I was charmed to get home to the landof my birth and find everything so wideawake,.... even myself, and so I send youthis note. L. R.Madame Yvette Guilbert: Tragic Actress.adame Yvette Guilbert has been singinghere and is now touring Germany andother places which don't deserve the honour.44 Has she improved ? " I was askedyesterday. &amp;&amp; 44 No, Madam, she has no t" I replied ;44 and yet she is the greatest tragic actressof today.44 But 1 thought she was a comic actress? ".... 44 Ah, Madam, now you are makingfun of me ".... &amp;Mr Gordon Craig's new 44 Scene ".Gordon Craig has been here bringingwith him his 44 Scene for the PoeticDrama".It has impressed the few people whohave seen it, and the inventer has been in- vited by two theatres here to produce aplay, and it is likely, other arrangementspermitting, that before long we shall seehere the work of the man who perhaps,more than any other, has been the source ofinspiration for the modern imaginativework in the theatre. &amp;S. de S.«4 The Blue Bird. " a la Russe &amp; &amp;Georgette Leblanc has, with theassistance of the Russians, 44 produced "44 The Blue Bird " in a Paris Theatre. Whyshe did not produce it alone at Saint-Wan- drille no one has been told and everyone isguessing.&amp; It is a great step forward for her to havegone in for a professional instead of anamateur production, and it shows her goodcommon-sense that she invited M. Stani- slawsky to do the work for her. Unfortu- natelyM. Stanislawsky was too busy to acceptbut he sent his right-hand man, the uniqueM. Soulerjitsky, to attend to the wants ofMadame Leblanc. &amp; &amp;M. Soulerjitsky was responsible for very much of the original production of this playin Moscow where it was produced severalyears previous to the English and Americanversions and his talent, or rather genius,for being able to inspire the workers inevery branch with enthusiasm is exceptional.Under him their best is bound to manifestitself;.... and what an organizer!M. Soulerjitsky took with him to Paristhe designer of the original production inMoscow, and the result has been triumphant.M. Egorof's designs with their toweringcolumns and vast flights of steps have struckthe Parisians as delightful. It was a realtriumph for the Moscow Art Theatre.Of M. Soulerjitsky's work it is hard tospeak. &amp;Some people, (Madame Leblanc, for exam- ple,) speak of him as the chief machinist ofthe Moscow Art Theatre. But if he is thathe is also far more. Some talk of his mar- vellous light effects,... but yet he is a gooddeal more than a producer of light effects.I felt this while 1 was present at a re- hearsal which he was directing, and I cameto the conclusion that one could only speakof him as one of those rare personalitieswhich influence and make more beautifuland more living all that they approach.The secret of the success of " The BlueBird " In Paris is the secret of the persona- lity of M. Soulerjitsky. &amp;M. Rouche and his 44 Theatre des Arts."Jifk Jacques Roucli£ has done some quite nice'things at his Theatre des Arts lately. 1suppose that is why our genial friendReginald Piccadilly in the New York Reviewcalls his work "freakish art."&amp; M. Rouche's work is not on the same levelas that of the Munich Theatre and is far belowthat of Stanislawsky, but it has some goodqualities. The theatre is neither a studio nora temple nor even a Chatelet, and it has nodefined character; hence Reggie Plccaledilly'sdistress. He would have liked it a kind ofmauve satin and rose-wood boudoir, I'm sure...and all Reggies really ought to have whatthey &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES. Mr. GORDON CRAIG'S INVENTION.pon another page we give news sent by ourDublin Correspondant relating to thefirst use in that city of Mr. Gordon Craig'sScene for the Poetic Drama, and of the suc- cessful results achieved, and to this accountwe add also some extracts from the Irishpapers relative to the same event. jg?jgr This success is the more satisfactorysince it was a first performance, and thesystem is so radically different from anyprevious method of stage decoration thatthe invention naturally ran the risk of beinginadequately demonstrated owing to insuf- ficient knowledge of its resources on thepart of those who used jg/It goes without saying that only somesmall portion of the intrinsic value of theScene was displayed on this occasion. Amusician needs long experience before hecan call forth the melodies which are latentin a violin, the result depending upon the skiljof the artist to manipulate the instrumentrather than upon the instrument Itself, and wesay this in no sense in disparagement, nor evenin criticism of the production at the AbbeyTheatre, for the noble work of which we havethe most sincere admiration. This Theatre hasbeen designated by a critic 44 a laboratoryfor dramatic experiment ", and everyoneknows that those who have the courage tomake experiments run the risks, and oneshould rather admire the spirit which promptsthem to new enterprises than criticise theresults which they achieve in those essays.Though in the present case the result seemsto have been a triumphant success. Wesay what we do rather in reply to thosecritics who might be inclined to ascribeany Imperfections in the production tothe methods employed.&amp; This invention of Mr. Craig's is so entire- ly fresh, so unlike any instrument everbefore put into the hands of the stagemanager, that it is hard for the critic toreadjust his mental attitude and perceivethat he must attrbiute any shortcomingsto the producer and not to the method, forto do otherwise would be as illogical asto criticise a Stradivarious if it failed toyield perfect harmonies in the hands of animperfect musician.Mr. Craig has himself likened his Inventionto an instrument upon which each stageartist will perform according to the powerof artistry that is in him, and the simileseems to us a just one. &amp;&amp; One thing the performance at Dublin hasamply demonstrated, and that is the practi- cality of the invention. It is cheaper toconstruct than ordinary scenery when itis taken into consideration that the samepieces are used, in varied combinations, forevery scene in the play and can be adaptedfor many succeeding plays ; it is capable ofinfinite variety; it requires less space ; allfacts which should have their due weight withTheatre directors. jg?The Dublin Theatre has already used it;the Moscow Art Theatre Is completing aproduction of 44 Hamlet" in which no otherscenery will be used; three at least ofthe more intelligent of the Paris managers,...M. Antoine, M. Rouch6 and M. Astruc have approached Mr. Craig with a view tointroducing it into their theatres. Is Londonin this matter, as in all else, to lag behind ?Are the London managers going to waituntil it is brought over by some French,Russian or German manager and set upin their midst before they recognise itsbeauty and practicality ? If so it will notbe the first time that London has lostits head over the work of Mr. Craig's imi- tators and followers while refusing recog- nition to the original from which thoseimitations derive. jg?We know whet happened in the recentcase of "Sumurun," how enthusiastic Londonwaxed over Herr Relnhardt's production.Some few, however, were found to recognizethe source and inspiration of that production,among them the Daily Mail from which wequote the following passage: &amp;Is it of German origin ? The question44 is not raised with any view to belittling44 the merit of those who were quick enough " to see the possibilities of a new stagecraft" and to develop it to such perfect " But German artists and stage®managers" will be the first to admit that the move®" ment of which " Sumurun, " is the outcome" has originated in England. " Sumurun "" is merely the latest development of the stage" reform initiated by Mr. Gordon Craig, who•* in turn was inspired to a certain extent" by the art of Mr. James Pryde. Mr. Gordon" Craig began by attempting his stage" reform in England. He was chilled by the" indifference of the English public. He left*' his country and started his crusade on the" Continent. His was a triumphal progress.** In Germany his teaching fell upon fertile" ground. In hailing " Sumurun " as a great" work of stagecraft England has begun to" acknowledge the genius of one of her own" children. Perhaps " Sumurun " has paved" the way for Mr. Gordon Craig's trium®" phant return. "&amp; We wonder why it is that the Londonmanagers prefer copies to originals in worksof Art and how long they wiil continue to wastetheir time and money on them?Of course theatre has long beenahead of them,... and now Ireland too !. ...Wake up, England ! it's about time. INTELLECTUAL DRAMA.Jt is good news to hear through the DailyMail that the " Little Theatre " of Londonis about to become for a few weeks the homeof the intellectual Drama; but it is a bitdisheartening to learn later that the onlypeople who can supply the intellectual Dramaare Mr Bernard Shaw, Mr John Galsworthyand Mr Granville Barker.&amp; We always had an idea that Shakespearecould be put down as intellectual as well aslovely, loveable, stupendous and all the otherqualities. And Chapman, Marlowe, Beaumontand Fletcher, Webster, are not theseintellectual? Was not the writer of " Every®man " intellectual ? &amp; &amp; &amp;We suppose what the Daily Mail wantedto say and didn't dare to was that the" Littie Theatre " is to be made for a fewweeks the home of that demned dull discur- sive Drama. Ah! that's quite another thing. THE FALLACY OF " FREE SPEECHRev. George W. Fuller who writes onCensorship in the New York DramaticMirror and Mr Austin Harrison who writes onthe same subject in the Monthly Review seemto be, to use the Italian phrase, " two souls in one nut " so closely do their opinions andsympathies coinside.They both object to the limitation of thestage to works fitted to the needs and in®telligence of a public composed of high schoolchildren or the " young person " , they bothurge that the stage must enjoy the right offree speech. &amp;Yet we cannot but feel that these gen®tlernen somehow or other miss the issue. Forwhat does the stage "want with more free®dom of speech than it has ? If any particu®lar playwright wishes to write about Reli®gion, Royalty, or Sexual matters what is toprevent him from doing so in an essay andpub lishing his work if he can find a publi®slier ? But let him not think that thesesubjects are to be discussed freely before amixed audience upon a stage. We have no usefor them there.The Censor is a hundred times a blessingto England. HERR REINHARDTS LAST STAND.g-jerr Max Reinhardt is going it with thedesperation of the loser who won't bebeaten. He is playing all his cards at once.Pantomime, Circus, Greek Tragedy by theton; all has now been hastily brushedaside by him to make way for a colossalproduction of Goethe's 41 Faust " (secondpart). JS/ &amp;For this production a whole day andnight are necessary. There is a break atseven o' clock when dinner is served.This idea of a protracted performance isof course not original; only the idea of thedinner is purely German.&amp; The other day the Moscow Art Theatre pro®duced "Crime and Punishment by Dostoievsky,letting the performance take two days. Nodinner was served,... nor found necessaryto the performance.The haste to rush things forward whichHerr Reinhardt exhibits just at present isbetter understood when it is known thatthe Moscow Art Theatre is to visit Parisnext year. The German bubble will probablythen be pricked. J&amp; G? Mr. FROM MAN, PHILANTHROPIST. &amp;Frohman " and other philanthropists "(how delicious!) are, says the DailyMail, " going in for open air dramaticspectacles ". &amp; &amp;It was to be feared; but the definite an®nouncement now removes the last remaininghope we cherished that all might yet be well. THE POVERTY OF MILLIONAIRES.M Jacques Blanche has lately told the pub«lie that M. Rouche the millionaire ishandicapped in his efforts to make his thea- trical scheme at the Theatre des Arts afine one owing to lack of financialsupport. &amp; jg? £?But it seems to us that a millionaire onlyneeds artistic support. &amp; &amp;&amp; Perhaps that is what he can't get. Why? Weare forced to the conclusion that artists aretoo expensive and that M. Rouche, millionairecannot afford them. &amp; &amp; &amp;And yet we have known artists give theirwork to some people. Why won't artistsgive their work to rich men ?... t Fveryoneknows why. AN OPPORTUNIT Y FOR LONDONERSgy the way people in London who do prefergold to ashes, art to trash, and flagonsto teacups will be pleased to hnow wherethey can always be sure of hearing rich andlovely music most of the year round and ina nice quiet place. Let them go up the hilltowards Highgate, and at Primrose Hill, whereBlake saw angels, they will still hear thevoices of some of those angels yet shoutingfor joy as of old. It is at the Church of StMary the Virgin, Primrose Hill that the angelslike best to express their happiness. On thefirst three Sundays of Lent the followingmusic was to be heard.£/ Sequence » Tallis 3rd Mode Melody. Com- munion Hymn - "Of the Glorious Body telling"(Vittoria). Anthem at Evensong - " O Lordof Hosts" (Dr. C. Tye) [about 1550 A. D.Sequence - Tallis ard Mode Melody. Commu- nion Hymn - " Therefore we " (Palestrina)Anthem at Evensong - " Save me, O God "(Dr. W. Boyce) and on Refreshment Sundaythe following : Sequence -J. Randall. Com- munion Hymn - " Therefore we " (Palestrina).Anthem at Evensong - " Save me, O God "(Dr. W. Boyce).&amp; The listener to these songs will rememberas he passes out of the quiet chnrch he owesremembrance and gratitude to the musicalleader of the church, Mr Martin Shaw, acomposer whose work should be more oftenheard today in London, even as it is assuredlydestined to he heard in the future. THE VITALITY OF THE MUSIC HALL.leading representative of the Londonstage has recently been speaking veryslightingly of the Music Hails and of the ap- pearance in them of actors and actresses seen previously only in the theatre itself. Heseems to regard it as a folly which will, likethe cinematograph, (of which also he Is veryscornful,) wear itself out inSuch casual critics condemn in theseactors and actresses what they wrongly sup- pose to be their " desertion of the Theatre"..But consider for a moment what their offenceis? they have been guilty of making one stepin the right direction.The modern Theatre is worn out; Itnever was so worn out as it is today. TheMusic Hall, cherishing as it does so muchcreative talent of a somewhat exaggeratedorder Is very much alive. Half, if not more,of the music hall " turns " may be calledcreative. Madame Yvette Gullbert's perfor- mances are the finest examples of the livingMusic Hall. Madame Bernhardt, the mostdistinguished of those who have turned fromthe Theatre to the Music Hall, does no creativework of the kind, but the fact of so cele- brated a performer appearing on the MusicHall stage must be accepted as the " legiti- mate " Theatre's recognition of the force of *what is known as the Variety stage. &amp;&amp; The Variety stage is the sole remaininglink connecting us with that stupendnusachievement of the Sixteenth century knownas the Commedia dell'Arte. It is not theCommedia but it has certain marked resem- blances to it and when the " legitimatetheatre sees distinguished players steppingon to the Music Hall stage it has, far frommatter for complaint, the best cause for selfcongratulation and for hope. &amp; TO OUR READERS. J. S. rjp/re Mask completes its third year ofexistence with this number. 4?&amp; The number of its friends increasescontinually.Warmest thanks are offered here tothose who have helped our work forward,especially to those of our friends whohave helped us through the Press. &amp;And to those who have done so muchto prevent our existence we have onlyone thing to say:... Go on preventingand a merry Christmas to you. Be assuredwe shall forget you, so have no fear,but.... don't, "don't throw us into a briar patch " NEW YORKDRAMA TIC MIRROREdited by Harrison FiskeThe oldest and most reliable Ameri-can theatrical paper, published everyweek at 92 West 42nd Street, NewYork, U, S, A.^Sample copies on request free ofcharge. Foreign subscriptions 5- Dollarsone year; 1,70 Dollars three months, DINI &amp; CELLAIArtistic &amp; Decorative Terra Cotta ofSigna. Via dei Fossi N. i - FLORENCEReproduction of sculptures of Oldand Modern Masters = Statues - Busts- Vases = Bas=Reliefs » Fountains «Doors, Chimney - pieces - Bases etc.etc. in every style. &amp; &amp; THE MOSHER BOOKS &amp;&amp; J&amp; MDCCCXCI-MCMXI My new Catalogue is sent free on request to book-lovers anywhere that can be reachedby Mail. My Catalogues are not made up of old and hackneyed quotations concerningbooks- You are not wearied by"a jollie good book" jingle and that sort of thing butyou are treated to some very genuine prose &amp; verse not found in every cut-and-decidedly-dried anthology,THOMAS B. MOSHER PORTLAND. MAINE &amp; U, S, A, A GREAT ITALIAN CLASSIC(FIFTEENTH CENTURY)The Most Delectable Nights ofStraparola——— -COMPLETE TRANSLATION.Two large stout 8vo vols.*, on Superfine English Paper. About 800pages, with 50 Coloured Plates and 90 Black Drawings. Price L 4 4s. od.Reduced to L. 1. us. 6d. nett.Reasons why you should buy this Edition:1. BECAUSE the books, in addition to being a durable monument of strong,nervous English, are illustrated with fifty wittv plates in colours...and to-daythe rage is all for coloured illustrations...to say nothing of some ninety-sevenpen-and-ink drawings in the text. 44 Gorgeous" is the only word that canadequately describe many of those hand-coloured illustrations.2. BECAUSE, in answer to the question, What are Straparola's 44 Nights "?we reply: ihey are a collection of bright, rollicking stories in the style ofBoccaccio...now pathetic, anon brimming over with boisterous fun and Rabe-laisian humour. The laugh rings true, the gallantry is never low-minded, themorality is sometimes indeed high, and in any case there is no canting smirklurking at the corner of the lip: the work reeks with the joy and gaietyof life.I 3. BECAUSE the work consists of two stout 8vo volumes of some 800 pagesin all: and, being a magnificent piece of typography, in red andblack throughout, will please all who like fine printing. The initials lettersare in red, the titles of the chapters in red, also the running titles on eachpage; the paper is fine, and of the best English make and quality,j • ■;4. BECAUSE, further, to add still more to the literary value of the book,the Translator has given an exhaustive Introduction, and been prodigal ofnotes elucidating names of those persons and places not generally known,and drawing attention to analogous stories in Boccaccio, Shakespeare, 44 TheArabian Nights," thus making the work useful to the scholar and student,as well as agreeable to the general public who read for the sake of pleasureand amusement.5. BECAUSE the price is for the moment absurdly low for two such noblevolumes, whereof the value will increase in proportion as the books get scarcer,like stocks and shares that fluctuate according to the well-known law ofsupply and demand.6. BECAUSE only a small number of copies have been printed, and whenthese are sold out, or given away...the terms are nearly convertible in thepresent case...there will be no more obtainable, as we bind ourselves neverto reprint the book, however great the demand.Detailed Prospectus and two specimen platesmay he had for the Asking against sixpenceto cover Cost of Postage.BRITISH BIBLIOPHLES ' SOCIETY.10 Rue de la Tribune, Brussels, Belgium THREE YEARS OLD TODAY!With this Number THEcompletes its third volume andthe third year of its life.Those who wish it wellcan do so in no better way thanby sending us today a post cardauthorising us to enter theirnames or the names of theirfriends upon oursubscribers' listfor the comingyear.| TURN THE PAGE FOR FULL PARTICULARS.\ THE MASKBOUND VOLUMES.''jphe first three annual Volumes ofThe Mask, bound in the bestFlorentine vellum, may be had attwenty shillings, (Francs 25,00, Marks20, Dollars 5.) a volume post free,from this office. &amp; &amp; &amp;ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE.ITALY. A HISTOR Y OF PAINTINGby Ha.ld an e M acfal Iwith a Preface by Frank Brangwyn.In Eight Volumes. Illustrated withTwo Hundred Plates in Colour at sevenshillings and sixpence net per Volume.Mr Macfall brings to his task gifts" and eqiupment that ensure his" ability to present a book of living" interest and free from all trace•• of pedantry.London. T. C. and E. C. Jack. A SPECIAL OF£E_RWith this number of The Mask aportrait of SIR HENRY IRVING,Designed and Engraved b y E.GORDON CRAIG is presented toall annual subscribers. &amp;subscribers may obtain copiesof this print by forwarding twoshillings and sixpence with theirname and address toThe Mask Publishers,Arena Goldoni, Florence, Italy. +L'ART THEATRALMODERNEby JACQUESPrice five francs.PROFUSELY I TTREATINQ OF THE WORK OFSTANISLAWSKY, APPIA, REINHARDT,FRITZ ERLER, FORTUNY &amp;GORDON CRAIGJR du.atdC o i n ely &amp; Ci e101 Rue de Vaugirard, Paris