Bruno's Weekly 1 2 Monday July 19, MCMXV naaq_1915-07-19_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 2 A Song of Life Charles Keeler cre 1 Edison in Greenwich Village 1-2 If I Were a Millionaire 2-3 I Sing Charles Keeler cre 3 Exhibition of Book-Plates with Nudes in Bruno's Garret. Illustration 3 Milligan Place Greenwich Village Illustration 4 Ave Maria Guido Bruno cre 4 BRUNO'S WEEKLY Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square MONDAY JULY 19, MCMXV Vol. I. Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY Charles Keeler will give a private reading of his very own poemsat the studio of Mr. Charles Edison, No. 10 Fifth Avenue. Itis on Monday, the 19th of July, at 2:30 P. M. BRUNO'S WEEKLY A Song of Life Charles Keeler. P ROM the womb* To the tombThis is life, O love,Panting breathUnto deathAll the strife, O love.From the lightUnto nightMust we go. dear heart;We but wedEre the deadIVe know, and part.DiVT ere dayHaste awav.Let us live, O love,Let us sing,Let us clingAnd forgive, O love.Death is naughtWe are taught,Life is king, dear heart,But above life, is love,So I sing, dear heart. Edison in Greenwich Village LIE has big, blue eyes, looks very much like his father, but Ididn't know he was Thomas Edison's son until after we hadmet a few times in my garret.He is one of us now, living in Greenwich Village in that bigold stone mansion on the corner of Eighth street and Fifthavenue, in Greenwich Village proper, where once the MinnettaCreek rippled, and where Our great-grandfathers used to go fora day's outing in the green fields near the city limits of Old NewYork."You have art in all its expressions in Greenwich Village,"he said to me on one sunny afternoon, standing at the windowof my garret—the same window from which General Lafayettewitnessed the execution of twenty-five highwaymen, during hislast visit to the United States in 1824—Washington Square inthose days being the Potter's Field of our metropolis. "You have poetry and paintings and etchings and drawingsand literary magazines, but you have no music." And we spokeabout the possibilities of giving to the thousands of New York- ers and of visitors to New York who pass daily through ourvillage on their sight-seeing trips and on their hunt for the oldlandmarks and their present dwellers, a taste of all the beautifultranslated from life into tunes and emanated by the human voiceand by instruments.We spoke about the life work of his father, completed tothe great inventor's satisfaction in the afternoon of his life, inthe Diamond Disc, registering for eternal times the fleetingbeauty of sound.And then he extended to me and to those who come to myGarret, and to those who will come to my Garret the hospitalityof his studio. All commercialism excluded, all business set aside,they can come and listen to those wonderful carpets of soundswoven by the greatest composers of the universe and executedby equally great interpreters.Greenwich Village is one place of worship richer, and grate- fully do I register the fact that it is our own Thomas Edison'sson who will afford everybody who will come a chance to hearreal music in the realest part of New York, in dear old Green- wich Village. If I Were a Millionaire If I were a millionaire I would buy enough grounds to seatcomfortably every man, woman and child of New York; Iwould hire two thousand gardeners and make them plant won- derful grasses and flowers, and then I would issue an invitanonto every man, woman and child, and would place them on thosesoft lawns amidst the odor and tender beauty of the flowers,and I would have Mr. Keeler tell them stories, stories from theJapanese, or from India, or from California, or from the EastSide of New York.And they all would feel the music and the rhythm of life,they would feel that all is love that lives. Their dull sensesagain would see and feel the romance of colors, the miracles ofeveryday life, the goodness of love, and the tidings of gladnessemanated from every thing that lives and exists, His stories aresimple. The people he tells about are simple toilers whom wewould call slaves if he did not let us see their lives with theirown eyes.And how we do need, all of us, such a story on the eve ofa dark day when the spirits seem cast in iron, our souls troddendown and the darkness of the night, the foreboding messengerof a new day of sorrow and of disappointment instead of amysterious veil spread over a table loaded down with gifts onChristmas eve. - ■ 'Millionaires of money are building mausoleums, mass up inmarble houses books and paintings and statues, and he whoneeds beauty and love more than anything—even more than thediscovery of a new remedy for consumption—has to find it him- self as he walks along his road to the indefinite. And rare and precious are the seconds when he finds one of those strangesouls who seem to live in another world, who seem to view usand our surroundings with the eyes of another world; whotouch us and we feel we are not alone in this self-suggestedand self-imposed misery. Who speak to us and we feel thatwords are not mere sounds; who give us their thoughts and werealize that we forged ourselves that iron ring, that constrainingring about our heads; and we look and we listen and we do notdare to believe.Charles Keeler is the master of storytellers.Like the weaver of wonder- ful brocades, he selected thread after thread and up loomed thosewonderful pictures before my eyes, creations of simple wordsdipped in red blood, tinted by the golden sun, formed and shapedby hands who know the labors and pains of millions, scented withgood-will towards everybody and emitted with pure love. I Sing Charles Keeler. M Y songs are incense* * Burning up my heartIn this temple of love,All for thee, my dear one.If they give joyUnto thee in the burning,Let them be wafted afarWhen the ashes of my heart are cold. Exhibition ofBook-Plates withNudes inBruno's Garret. Milligan PlaceGreenwich Village Ave Maria By Guido Bruno SOON the thick brown buds of the trees will open. Nature ispregnant and will give birth. The tender green, and pink lifewill thirst for the first refreshing rain. Everything will bloomand send forth fragrance and live—and live.The atmosphere around me vibrates. The darkness seemsto stretch into the immeasurable. And there, from there re- sounds the echo. I feel it. With every nerve of my brain andwith every vein which leads back from the extremest finger-tipsto the heart, I feel it. .A grave is there with a big cold stone, and under it the dustof the warmest heart. Does it bloom there, too, sending forthfragrance? And will the rosemarys glow again?The Mother of God in the nearby church holds her baby inher arms. She seems to smile and to be pleased with the beau- tiful roses and mignonettes brought to her in her month.Mother of God, do you remember the last sigh of that redbleeding heart; you, her last thought before it died? Mother ofGod, did you send the fragrance and the love through the nightfrom the one end of the indefinite to the other?Ave pro nobis.