Bruno's Weekly 3 9 August 12th, MCMXVI naaq_1916-08-12_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 3 9 The contents include: 1 Coulton Waugh Illustration 1 After Verlaine Ernest Dowson cre 3 Submarine Vessels A Historical Survey Alfred Ernest Keet cre 3-5 Octave Mirbeau After the French of J. Flax by Renee Lacoste cre 5-8 Octave Mirbeau. Original Drawing by A. Delannoy Illustration 5 In Memoriam: James Whitcomb Riley Illustration 7 Love, Let us Live in Fairyland To-day Edward H. S. Terry cre 8 The First Violin Omaha (Nebraska cre 8 Misericordia or As It Will Happen Cat's Paw cre 8 The Governor's Poodle W. Azow cre Translated by Guido Bruno cre 8-9 In the Manner of Edgar Lee Masters H. Thompson Rich cre 9 Drawing by Clara Tice Illustration 9 Modern Craftsmanship W. G. Blaikie Murdoch cre 10-12 Finis. By Charles Rickets in "Form" Illustration 10 Illustration by Aubrey Beardsley Illustration 10 From an Old English Chap Book Illustration 11 Untitled Image Illustration 11 Herbert Beerbohm Tree Is He an Artist? Dennis Denmore cre 12 Votes for Women T. W. H. Crosland cre 12 In Our Village 13 A Few Natives as observed on Bleecker Street by Jack Flanagan Illustration 13 Germany, Literature and the War Hans Von Weber cre 14-15 Burning Waters Catulle Mendes cre Translated from the French by Renee Lacoste cre 15 Gravity of Breakfast 15 A Contented Native of Greenwich Village (He is a Landlord). By Jack Flanagan Illustration 15 And such is the blessing of truth: it permits us to remain 15 Why and How I Got Married 16 Wife His Teacher I. B cre 16 She is Magnanimous L. W cre 16 Pride and Stubbornness P. P cre 16-17 The Thlobbon of Sappanal ACT VII Translated by Lord Dunsany cre 17 Often we tell to somebody else what we would like to 17 Jean Orrick Johns cre 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY 100 Dollars for theStory of Your MarriageA Contest for Married People EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRET ONWASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents August 12th, 1916W. A G. Copyright by Guide Bruno, 916. Original mutter,Mddifl« &amp;M drowisgt, amy not bis reproduced without permissionof Guide Brum; but that pemuMioo nasy be wmmed if creditm aire® to authsf and Bruno's Weekly. One Hundred Dollars for theStory of Your Marriage Bruno's Weekly will pay one hundred dollars for the best story settingforth why and how you were mai*rscd.We don't want literary masterpieces or extraordinary stories of adven- ture. But there is a lot of romance and fragrance about those dayswhen you two met. You know you like to recall those times even ifeverything has changed since.Write down your story just as simply as it happened. We shall notuse your name if you do not wish us to do so.There is no better Action than the one Fate writes upon the pages ofour lives. We know your story will be enjoyed by lots of others. Writeit down to-day and address it to the "Contest Editor," Bruno's WeeMy,58 Washington Square, New York City. Every week those stories which are printed will be paid for at spacerates. The contest will close on October Ist, 1916, and the storiesshould be limited to three hundred words. Detailed conditions of the4 .• ( . . jmarriage story contest will be mailed to you upon request BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 9 AUGUST 12th, MCMXVI Vol. 11l Copyright *9*6, by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY &gt; BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Bruno's Weekly, Inc. Charles Edison, Pres.; Guido Bruno, Viee-Pres.;Walter "L. Eckert, Sec. and Treas., at 58 Washington Square, New York City. Edited and written by GuidoBruno. Subscription $2 a year.Entered as second class matter at the Post Office of New York, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Actof March 3d, 1897. Coulton Waugh The contents include:Octave Mirbeau—A PortraitSubmarine VesselsHerbert Beerbohm Tree—Is He an Artist?The Governor's Poodle After Verlaine Ernest Dowson. A ROUND were all the roses red,The ivy all around was black.Dear, so thou only move thine head,Shall all mine old despairs awake!Too blue, too tender was the sky,The air too soft, too green the sea.Always I fear, I know not why,Some lamentable flight from thee.I am so tired of holly-spraysAnd weary of the bright box-tree,Of all the endless country ways;Of everything alas! save thee. Submarine Vessels A Historical Survey Alfred Ernest Keet IT is hard to say, at this late day, where man got the ideaof a submarine vessel from. It may have been sug- gested to him by that leviathan of the deep, the whale,which, although a warm-blooded mammal, is able to re- main under water for long periods. Or perhaps itsevolution is traceable to the human diver, whose art isa world-old one. It is more than likely, however, thatthe submarine vessel owes its origin, like all other greatinventions, solely to necessity—the necessity of every mari- time country is under of protecting itself from armed in- vasion at sea.Be this as it may, it is remarkable that from a veryearly period the brain of man has been incessantly at workdevising submarine boats—a period far antedating JulesVerne's imaginary "Nautilus," whose terrible destructive- ness he so entertainingly described in his "TwentyThousand Leagues under the Sea." Indeed as far backas 332 B.C. something of the sort was used and with somesuccess by Alexander the Great at the siege of Tyre; andit is common that from time immemorialdivers, with almost fish-like qualities, have trod the oceanbed gathering pearls and sponges. That Cleopatra em- ployed divers is a matter of history. Thus Shakespeare,to cite one authority:Charmian. 'Twas merry whenYou wager'd on his angling; when your diverDid hang a salt-fish on his hook, which heWith fervency drew up.Cleopatra. That time!—O times!—I laugh'd him out of patience ...These primitive methods of submarine navigation wereat last improved upon; but it was not until A. D. 1150 that we find any recorded use of submarine vessels in war.In that period, so it is related by an Arabian historian, adiver entered Ptolemais during a siege by means of asubmarine apparatus. Then nearly 400 years passed, andToledo, Spain, produced one in 1538; and in 1588 cameBourne's plunging apparatus. Other attempts at sub- marine navigation quickly followed; but the first realsubmarine boat was invented in 1620 by a Dutch physician.Cornelius Van Drebel who in that year launched a sub- mersible navigable boat, followed by two others in oneof wfiich James I made a trip. These boats were builtof wood and made water-tight by a casing of greasedleather, being propelled by twelve rowers whose oarswere jointed where they passed through the ship's casingin a moveable watertight leather holder. They carriedpassengers in addition, and made journeys of several hourssubmerged 15 feet.In the next hundred years, Norwood, the two priestsMersenne and Fournier, Barrie, Bishop Wilkins, De Sou,Borelli, Doligny, John Holland (who patented an enginefor use in submarine navigation), Evance, Lethbridge andSymons were inventors of subamrine craft, Father Mer- senne being the first to use a metallic hull and adopt thepisciform shape for his boat, which carried two cannon.About this period, in 1721, a diving apparatus was in- vented in England by Halley; and in 1763, Day, of Yar- mouth, while testing his submarine vessel in PlymouthHarbor, lost his life through his inability to rise to thesurface after a dive. This was the first casualty in thehistory of this invention.At length, in 1733, an-American engineer, D. Bushnell,constructed one turtle-shaped, and to him belongs thehonor of fabricating the first submarine boat that couldbe navigated under water under any conditions. Threeyears later, during the War of Independence, Bushnellhad an ideal opportunity to test the fighting qualitiesof his boat, and, with the permission of General Parsons,attempted to blow up an English- frigate in New YorkHarbor. He was towed one night by two rowing boatsto a point near the vessel, but when he reached its sidehe found that he could not affix his torpedo because ofthe ship being copper sheathed. He was carried by thecurrent away from his intruded victim, and later his mineexploded harmlessly, causing great consternation amongthe British fleet.In 1780 and 1796 there were other attempts, and in1797 Robert Fulton, whose inventive brain had long recog- nized its possibilities, offered his plans for a submarineto the French Government. A committee reported favor- ably, but nothing eventuated. After like unsuccess withthe Dutch, Bonaparte gave him 10,000 francs to exprei- ment with, and in 1800 he built the "Nautilus" (and laterthe "Mute"), a cigar-shaped vessel. After numeroustrials on the Seine, during which she remained underwater once for five hours, the French authorities decidedagainst her, and raised so many objections that Fulton,in disgust, threw up the project and turned his attention in America, to the problem of steam navigation, winningin that field immortal renown.A persistent pioneer in submarine navigation was Wil- helm Bauer who, getting his idea from the dolphin, builta dolphin-shaped boat at Kiel in 1850. After offering hisinvention vainly to Austria and England, he tried Russia,with the result that in 1856 "Le Diable Marin," builtat St. Petersburg, was launched at Cronstadt. Notproving successful, he finally had to leave Russia in greathaste. Bauer relates that while submerged he could hearpeople's voices on the surface some distance away, provingthat water is a good conductor of sound.In 1859 Delany, of Chicago, built one, but it was toocomplicated for practical use; while too cumbrous was''The Intelligent Whale" built in Brooklyn. Next yearcame "Le Plongeur," the invention of Bourgois and Brun,139 feet long.During the Civil War the submarine first demonstratedits value as an engine of war. In 1863 the "Keokuk,"a type of submersible monitor built in New York, foughta duel with Fort Sumter, and, though riddled with shots,escaped without the loss of a man. But she sank the fol- lowing night. This curious monster, 164 feet long, wasboth a ram and a monitor, and resembled a huge floatingbattery. She was constructed of pipe and palmetto logs,her armor being railway iron, and her iron turrets weresix inches thick. In the same year the Confederates atCharleston used a submarine boat against the blockadingFederal squadron. It was cigar-shaped, built of boilerplates and propelled by eight men at a maximum speed of4 knots, and when advancing her top was level with thewater. While being tried out she sank and failed torise on three occasions, her crew perishing each time.The fourth time she was successful in her manoeuvers,reached the "Housatonic," and sank her—but at theexpense of her own life. This type of submarine wascalled a David, and a number of them were built atMobile.Goubet, of Paris, in 1882 built one of the first effectivesubmarines, and he was followed by Mordenfeldt witha boat that surpassed all previous attempts.The "Katahdin," launched in 1893, and which costour government close to a million dollars, had a lengthof 251 feet, and was one of the most successful of hertype.Finally when the twentieth century dawned, man'spatient tenacity began to bear fruit, and submarine warvessels of great practical use were produced by Italian,French, Russian, German and, in particular, Americaninventors. Nearly all obstacles were overcome, and analmost perfect craft evolved. For propulsion electricstorage batteries, oil, benzol, gasolene and even steamwere used, and, still more marvelous, eyes to see whatis going on at the surface while submerged were provided.This miracle was accomplished by the invention of theperiscope, by whose aid the navigator, while beneath thesurface, can see anything above. He is thus enabled toattack and destroy a hostile ship, or carry out valuablereconnaissances.Among the first successful submarines in the UnitedStates was the "Argonaut," designed by Simon Lake ofBaltimore. She made trips on the Patapsco, Md., in1898, and later traveled 200 miles under the surface of Lake Champlain. Another Lake ship, the "Seal," builtin 1911 , was 161 feet long, had six torpedo tubes andcarried 10 torpedoes. Her surface speed was 14 knots,9 1-2 while submerged.It was in 1893 that France first began to use sub- marines; and from 1901-4 quite a number were built ofa larger and improved type. Her "Circe" and "Calypso"(1905) were 155 feet long, and with Diesel oil enginesmade about twelve knots per hour on the surface, whensubmerged electricity was the motive power. In 1909 anumber of small submarines were built from designs ofM. Labeuf. At the preesnt time France probably hasmore of these "sea-devils" than any other nation. Mostof these boats, and the early American boats, were of thefamous Holland type, so-called from the name of theirAmerican inventor, John P. Holland, who designed thefirst submarine, the "Holland," acquired by the U. S.Navy Department, in 1897. This boat was followed by,a number of similar but improved types, seven of whichwere launched 1901-2. It is surmised that Americansubmarines were used by Admiral Togo to destroy theRussian Fleet in the Sea of Japan in 1905.Among the requirements of the first Holland boat wasthat it should make 8 knots per hour for 6 hours, andreach a depth of 20 feet in one minute after receivingorders to dive. By 1910 the United States had 27 ofthese torpedo boats, some of which have made goodrecords. The U. S. submarine "Narwhale" has madetwo clean hits out of four at a distance of 2000 yardswhile traveling at full speed and 40 feet below surface.It may also be noted that the small U. S. submarine"Petrel" during the Spanish War easily destroyed twoSpanish torpedo boats.Thus after hundreds of years of tireless and dangerousexperiment, man's ingenuity won the day, and we haveonly to read the war despatches of the past few weeksto realize that the submarine war-ship, as a great designerof them (John P. Holland) once wrote, is "a weaponagainst which there is no defence."Porpoising her way, unperceived, towards her prey,this submarine snarpshooter fires death and destructioninto the very vitals of a supposedly invulnerable dread- nought, and escapes unseen.Defects it may still have, but the submarine haddemonstrated beyond a doubt its deadly effectiveness asa war engine. Whatever defects there are will doubtlessbe removed before long. A cardinal defed: is the inabilityof the submarine to see further than a few yards whensubmerged; its restricted radius of action and low speedcome next, and then there is to be considered the cramped,confined life of the crew which is very enervating.But there is little doubt that these obstacles to perfectcontrol and swift action will be overcome, and in thefulness of time perhaps a more peaceful field of activityand usefulness for submarine craft may open up whenthey are used for commercial travel, marine surveying,and in locating and removing sunken treasure.A notable instance of the fear in which submarine warvessels are held was on the occasion of the sinking of the"Aldabaran" in the North Sea by the Russian war-ship"Kamschatka" a few years ago. Mistaking the "Alda- *baran" for a submarine, the Russian commander signaled that he was being attacked by submarines at the same timefiring upon the Swedish steamer, sinking her.Notwithstand the perfection ot which the submarineas a war engine has been brought it is the opinion ofnaval experts, among them Admiral Mahan, that thegun will always keep ahead of it, and recent events in thegreat European war now raging have to some extentjustified this opinion. They are at best a frail craft.Only a short time ago (Nov. 23) the German submarineU-18 was rammed and sunk by the British destroyer"Garry," and all her crew, with the exception of one manwho was drowned, captured. Built in 1912 the U-18had a radius of action of 2000 miles, a surface speed of14 knots, and 8 knots while submerged. On the otherhand and offsetting to some extent this expensive sub- marine mortality was the reported success of a Germansubmarine in sinking the British superdreadnought"Audacious" on October 27 near the Irish coast. This$10,000,000 giant, it is believed, was destroyed by oneof a fleet of submarines from Wilhelmshaven whichlaunched two torpedoes at her, the second taking effect.So long as these invisible marine sharpshooters prowlthe sea for the dreadnought, battleship or other surfacewar-ship eternal vigilance is the price of safety. Octave Mirbeau After the French of J. Flax by Renee Lacoste Octave Mirbeau. Original Drawing by A. Delannoy In Memoriam: James Whitcomb Riley HTHE first time I saw Octave Mirbeau, or rather heardhim, was amid the smoke of a public gathering atthe time of the Dreyfus case. He presided at a meetingof some sort, in some quarter or other. He impressed meas being firm and energetic. Prominent eyebrows, a pow- erful jaw, neck as strong as a bull's and a spiky moustachehiding a thin mouth—the whole arrangement of thosesharply defined features gave.him the impressive appear- ance of a retired sea captain or a wrestler at a country fairside-show. To this must be added the brutal accent inwhich he addressed his audience, his jerky gestures, and hisbluntness. That evening Octave Mirbeau revealed him- self to me as a bold, aggressive, formidable fighter.Since then I have met him at Durand-Ruel's and atvarious exhibitions. He was no longer a fighter. On thecontrary, he appeared tired and as if disillusioned. Heseemed weighed down by a great sorrow. It flashed acrossmy mind that in his limpid eyes, deep behind the arch ofhis brows, I saw an expression of unspeakable suffering—like a reflection of destpair, of irremediable nostalgia.All Mirbeau seems revealed in these two attitudes. Afighter he certainly is; his opponents know somethingabout that. But he is also a creature full of sensitive- ness and of foibles. This formidable controversialist, whothrows himself body and soul into the fray, who rushes athis enemies and deals savage blows right and lift, possessesa young girl's shyness, a lad's tenderness. He adoresflowers, but above everything he loves birds, always pro- tecting them from harm. Do you recall Isidore Lechat, acharacter in one of his plays, who no sooner appears on thestage than he causes a poor bird to be frightened awayfrom his garden? Mirbeau intended this action to sym- bolize all the vileness and meanness of the human race.For him, a man who doesn't love birds, becomes classified;he is a brute, a criminal capable of any sort of felony. Mirbeau also loves dogs, with the exception, perhaps ofthe horrible little beast of the "Calvaire." Lastly, heloves men, notwithstanding his great knowledge of themand the fact that he has become a master in the art of ex- posing their foibles and their vices. But he loves themwhen they are helpless, miserable, wretched; when theystimulate in him fraternal—compassion, when they jointhe ranks of life's vanquished ones. And all this hidden love, all this tenderness, which heconceals so awkwardly—fearing ridicule, perhaps,—butwhich shows, nevertheless, in all his works; all this storeof sentiments, aspirations, and human desires, brotherlyand helpful, which he represses and stubbornly forcesback—all this explodes suddenly and becomes anger, in- dignation and vehemence. Then occurs one of those mar- vellously lucid and incisive pages, thundering with im- precations, laden with anathema and bubbling impetu- ously with rage and scorching words. His writing be- comes a torrent that has broken loose, carrying away allthings before it and sweeping onward in a tumultousstream of fierce invective, daring metaphor and audaciousparadox. Such pages are masterpieces in which one feelsthat the author has poured out some of his strength ansblood, and in which he has allowed his heart, filled withlove and pity, to overflow.The particularly ignominious period in which we liveknows few writers of this stamp. Our present day literaryand artistic domesticity faithfully reflects our spirit of de- mocracy and universal suffrage. Artists and writers, whowere formerly knaves and courtesahs, are to-day the flunk- eys of the triumphant bourgeoisie.Among this herd of servile and timorous persons, allcraving enjoyment and all seeking adulation, the man ofgenius develops painfully; a temperamental writer has ahard time asserting himself. If he merely mumbles, the alarmed flock turns around ready to check him. If hepersists, if he faces his adversaries returning blow forblow, if he attacks them, then a boycotting is organizedand silence prevails; he is left to struggle in the dark anddie of inanition.Two forcible writers have resisted and have main- tained -their opinion: Octave Mirbeau and Leon Bloy.The former early acquired the faculty of asserting himselfand of conquering public indifference. He commands re- spect. His genius was so obviously real that it becameimpossible to deny its existence.Being talented while those surrounding him had to striveto achieve mediocrity; speaking the truth while otherswere spreading lies; giving proofs of daring, audacity, en- ergy and revolt, while this herd of frightened sheep couldnot bleat and cower, Mirbeau incurred an unrelentinghatred. But instead of attacking him openly, they re- sorted to defamation and backbiting; his errors and hisidiosyncracies were slyly pointed out, and great effortswere made to belittle him and drag him down to theirown level.His errors, his idiosyncracies—we are all aware of them—but, shall we confess it? We love Mirbeau even in hisshortcomings, and perhaps still more on account of thesedeficiencies which bear proof of his temperament and prob- ably imperfections without repining and without partial- ity. This will permit us to take the man bodily and lifthim up on a pedestal.Mirbeau was born on February 16th, 1850, in Tre- vieres, Calvados—a fellow countryman of Flaubert andBarbey d'Aurevilly. His father was a physician at Reg- malard in the Orne, where Mirbeau grew to manhood.His mother was a charming and sweet woman, whom headored and from whom he inherited, presumably, the giftof human understanding. There was also in the familyan uncle, the terrible Abbe Jules, whose story has beentold by the author.Mirbeau has given us, in his works, the history of hisfamily and that of the first years of his life. We meethis father in the "Calvaire" and in "L'Abbe Jules," to- gether with the descriptions of the valleys of the Orne, ofthe fields and forests of Bresnin, and of Isigny "withpoplars, apple trees and the sea as a background," wherethe writer's childhood was spent in close contact withr na- ture, we follow him to the Jesuits of Vannes in his "Se- bastien Roch," in which he shows us how a child's intellectbecomes warped.After leaving college, he vacillated; should he take uplaw or medicine? Finally, he decided to study law andwent to Paris. Then the war of 1870 occurred. Mirbeaubecame a militia lieutenant in the army of the Loire.Again in the "Calvaire," we find a marvellous chapter inwhich he describes his horror of war and massacre.The first year in Paris was spent in a restless fashion;the young man had not as yet found his vocation. Hetried his hand at writing. A friend of the family, Duguede la Franconnerie, put him on the staff of the Ordre, apaper which had just been established. Mirbeau's firstarticle was a lyrical essay on Manet, Monet and Cejanne,and full of terrible insults addressed to the Academicians.This article cost him his position as art critic, but he re- ceived in exchange that of theatrical critic. In a fewmonths he had consciously torn to pieces a number of artists and had caused all the theatrical managers to wagewar on the paper.After this, according to Edmond Goncourt, the authorspent four months smoking opium; "he has met some onejust returned from Cochin, China, who has assured himthat everything Baudelaire has written on opium is purehumbug, and that it produces, on the contrary, a verysoothing effect; the enticer gives him a pipe and a CochinChinese dress. For four months behold him in a floweredrobe, smoking pipe after pipe, as many as a hundred andeighty a day, eating nothing or perhaps only a boiled eggevery twenty-four hours. He reaches a state of com- plete depression and confesses that opium, which producesa certain cheerfulness when smoked in small quantitiesloses this power after further indulgence and brings abouta sense of emptiness accompanied by sadness, a sadnessbeyond description. At this stage, his father, who believeshim to be in Italy, finally finds him, tears him away fromhis robe and his lodgings, and takes him for a few monthstrip through Spain."Mirbeau soon recovered and was appointed deputy sher- iff of Saint-Girons; and what a sheriff he made! Beingfrankly reactionary, he never left off striving against andmaking fun of the Republicans. He scandalized the ad- ministration by his bluntness and his paradoxical behavior.It didn't take him long to abandon this position and toreturn to journalism. He joined the staff of the Gaulois.Meanwhile he developed a strong passion for a certainwoman, and, wishing to make some money, he became abroker on the Exchange. He managed successfully tomake as much as twelve thousand francs a year. A crueldeception ensued. Determined to shun the world and toavoid women, he set off on an eighteen months' sailing ex- pedition in a fishing boat he had purchased in Brittany.One cannot accuse Mirbeau of not being passionately inearnest. Perhaps it is because of this earnestness that hisdefects become apparent. With the same whole-hearted- ness in hatred as in love, he is off like a shot. He doesn'treckon with circumstances, contingencies or motives. Hejudges, condemns or exalts. He is given to quick and in- explicable impulses and to unexpected passions which sud- denly give way to abruptness and disgust. He makes onethoroughly understand Maupassant's phrase which seemsto have been written for him: "On given days I experi- ence such horrors towards existence as to desire death;on other days, however, I enjoy life after the manner ofanimals."Once on the warpath, nothing can stop him; he goesstraight on with beautiful courage. Whether in the fieldof art or in that of politics, he contributes the same amountof uncompromising ferocity; even if he has to change hisattitude, he never ceases being sincere. Thus it is thatwe saw him, who was once anti-Semitic, later on takingDreyfus' side. It is likely, however, that association withArthur Meyers justified his anti-Semitism.One has seen him take up the cudgel of some artists,the majority of whom are really great. But he is noart critic. He judges with too much prejudice. He can'tanalyze coolly, nor examine details. He perceives a workof art, he appreciates its value, and knows admirably howto express what he feels about it. But when he is mis- taken, he remains just as excessive, and so the impressionproduced is painful. In his book, 628-EB, Mirbeau tells us that after admiring a Rembrandt for a whole day, hefound but one artist whose work could rank next to it;he named Van Gogh. This is going a little too far,especially if one realizes that such a statement is not madefor the empty pleasure of appearing paradoxical. Furtheron he sets Mayol, an inheritor of the Etruscans, againstthe powerful Rodin and places him above the latter.What he does in the criticism of art, he does equallyin the novel, the theatre and the press—he exaggerates.Les Amants, a playlet directed at love, becomes a music- hall farce because of its efforts to be extremely comical.Les Journal d'une Femme de Chambre and les Vingt etun Jour d'un Neurasthenique are full of disconcertingpassages and exaggerated interpretations—just as, in628-EB, when he judges the intelligence of animals by thediligence they display in keeping out of the way of auto- mobiles, he decides in favor of the wild geese of the Romancapitol.Behold! Those are the defects of this dynamic and en- thusiastic writer, enthusiastic even in his scepticism anddisgust. Here they are, those defects which are asenormous as his good qualities, and which we love becausethey are Mirbeau's defects and because one must eitherlove or reject him entirely.Putting aside his peculiarities, his voluntary brutalities,his affected bad manners, Mirbeau is the most human andconscientious writer. One feels an immense sorrow inhis pages which sometimes turns into anger and sometimesinto irony. All sufferings and weaknesses attract himand move him to pity. Still he is the most lucid andsuccinct writer, deliciously poetic and brutally realistic.Some people might find this panegyric too excessive.To us it feebly expresses our admiration for Mirbeau.Our best excuse lies in the difficulties besetting the task;to speak of Mirbeau, one ought to have at one's commandMirbeau's own art of speech. Love, Let us Live in Fairyland To-day Edward H. S. Terry I OVE, let us live in Fairyland to-day:Our modest home shall be a palace fair,And you a princess with long golden hair,And I the prince who comes the spell to stay.What strange adventures shall beset my wayBefore I find your winding marble-stairWhere magic roses make a drowsy airTo dull the knights, ere they engage in fray!But with Love's charm (The Witch knows naughtof this!)I shall not* falter, though her wild green eyesDaft lightning, and, with an enchanting hiss,She try her best to keep me from the prize;I shall go on and free you with a kiss,As she goes in a smoke-puff toward the skies! The First Violin Omaha (Nebraska) A H, those last notes still quivering on the airPassionately deep and soft!Is there but one in all that gaudy throng,That drink and feed and laugh such stupid laughs,Will wrap himself in silence and stand byFeeling the master's soul breathe in the song? Misericordia or As It Will Happen Cat's Paw CHE had loved him once sometime ago. Lately she hadseen him very seldom.They were talking about him: about his financial em- barrassment. She only said: "Oh," and she thought ofmany others who were bad off.They said: "He has debts and he will hardly be ableto pay them. He will have to leave the city. Goodnessknows where he is going to and what he will do for aliving."She said: "Poor boy" and thought, "why should Ibother with such sad thoughts?"The others continued to discuss him and one laughedmaliciously: "He always was a snob. He wore the bestof linen and silks in the summer. Now he will have todo with ordinary shirting."And she shuddered: his soft white skin will be irritatedby rough materials? His sensitive small feet withoutsilk? . . . she could have cried—.It seemed to her that her lips felt soft smooth skin andshe couldn't bear the idea that his tender flesh shouldsuffer.• • • • •She telegraphed to his late haberdasher and orderedsome of the most expensive and wonderful underwearsent to him anonymously.• • • • •The haberdasher applied the money against—what heconsidered—a bad account of his once distinguished cus- tomer. The Governor's Poodle By W. Azow. (Translated by Guido Bruno) ""FIE governor's poodle was promenading on the streetsof the city. He was no different from all the otherdogs and therefore the citizens did not notice him at all.It was his bad luck that the City Dog-catcher came alongand spied him, and as he hadn't a license—not at allastonishing for a dog that belongs to a governor—hegrabbed him without any hesitation.The Dog-catcher had seen a brute without a dog-collarand he exclaimed: "Hullo! didn't our good Governorprohibit dogs without licenses on our streets?"And like an Indian lasso-thrower, he captured the dogwith his rope and a few minutes afterwards the poodlewas in the Dog-catcher's bag.The poodle didn't even make a sound but his proudbearing worried the Dog-catcher.He observed how a few of the other dogs in the wagonhad jumped at the newcomer, ready to bury their teethin his skin; but the poodle barked very gently into theear of the wildest of his aggressors, and they all keptquiet and remained in the remotest corner of the wagonin respectful silence."Something is wrong," thought the poor intimidatedDog-catcher. "I must ask the policeman what this allmeans." "Officer,"he called with a rather timid voice,He took off his hat after a policeman had answered in- dignantly his call and inquired what the noise was about:"I caught a poodle but perhaps the dog belongs to the Police Commissioner or maybe it is the property of aGeneral—"Let's see how he looks," replied the policeman andleaned over the wagon. "This one? Oh, you fool! Youbelieve a General would have a shabby dog like this one?Generals have Airedales or Russian hounds . . . andno Police Commissioner would own a dog like this . . .I am very well acquainted indeed with the dogs of allour police officials."From a nearby house door emerged a janitor and seeingthe poodle, he respectfully removed his £ap."What is the matter with you?" asked the policemansurprised. •"This is the dog of the governor," was the janitor'ssolemn answer.The policeman seemed to feel the ground rocking underhis feet. "The dog of the governor? And you havedared to catch it! Release him immediately, youscoundrel!" And he gave the Dog-catcher such a punchin the jaw that the cap flew off his head. The Dog- catcher did not reply. He did not even dare to say aword of protest and with trembling hands he opened thedoor of the wagon.The policeman tried to attract the attention of the dogby whistling. "I shall send *him home in a cab," he said."Oh, you confounded dog! how do you dare to let outthis poodle without a license," sounded the voice of thepolice sergeant suddenly. "Don't you know the policeregulations?"The policeman seemed perfectly helpless and studdered:"This is the dog of the governor . . ."His superior officer laughed heartily. "You darn fobl,do you believe that the governor's dog would be strollingaround the city all alone? The dog of the governor is asuperior being and always has a lackey or a chamber-maidas a servant. . . . Anyhow there isn't much t&lt;s dis- cuss. Put that miserable brute into the wagon!" heordered the dog-catcher.The latter grabbed the poodle with brutal bestiality,gave him a kick and hurled him into the wagon."This surely is not an ordinary dog," remarked a sales- man of a nearby department store, "one can see by hisears that he has breeding, and just lqok! how clean he is,and how nicely combed!"The police sergeant thought deeply for a few minutesand then he said rather unconvinced: "Maybe it is reallythe dog of the governor." Suddenly he yelled full ofanger at the Dog-catcher: "Let that dog out immediately!Don't you see, you idiot, that he is a very well-bred dog?""Ha, ha! a well-bred dog," mocked somebody rightnear the police sergeant . "Ha, ha, what a dog-fancier. . .!'" All turned around and saw MagistratePietrov."Good morning, Your Honor," called the police ser- geant. "So, in your opinion, this is only an ordinary dog?""The worst alley dog, my dear man, I ever saw in mylife; he even has sore eyes. Who knpws but he mighteven be mad?"The police sergeant seemed to have lost his head. Hestruck at the dog-catcher angrily with fists and ieet,screaming at him:"Go on, go on, you beast, I will teach you to let maddogs walk about the streets. Hey, policeman! To- morrow put him in jail for two days!"The dog-catcher's wagon went on and followed hiscourse through the city and soon disappeared from thehorizon of those that had witnessed this incident.But in about half-an-hour, at the same spot there as- sembled two police commissioners, three police sergeantsand five policemen."Hasn't anybody here seen the Governor's poodle?"asked one of the commissioners of the police sergeant onduty.The sergeant was not able to say a word. But hestarted to run in the direction in which the vehicle of thedog-catcher had disappeared. He was followed by all thepolice dignitaries.On the following day the dog-catcher was condemnedto three months hard labor.The mayor of the city was fined to pay 500 roubels andhe was not allowed to commute the fine into a jail sentence.The police sergeant was dismissed from the force fornegligence of duty.Miraculously enough the political editor of the localpaper escaped punishment in this case. In the Manner of Edgar Lee Masters H. Thompson Rich. r | ' HERE was once a butcherWho, for love of a chorus-lady,Disembowelled himself with a meat-axOn her sofa.Now I do not claim this was particularly wrong;I do not condemn the man.I simply sayThat when a useful male animalWould make such miserable shiftOver an amour with an abandoned woman,There must be something rottenIn the moral fabricOf the community which bore him. Drawing by Clara Tice Modern Craftsmanship W. G. Blaikie Murdoch Finis. By Charles Rickets in "Form" Illustration by Aubrey Beardsley From an Old English Chap Book IT is usual to speak of modern craftsmanship in anapologetic tone, and certainly this attitude is only toojustifiable. For, if few beautiful pictures or statues arebeing wrought to-day, the present age shows itself yetmore incompetent where the applied arts are concerned.The advent of machinery, occurring towards the middleof last century, dealt a terrible blow to fine craftsmen,their products having now to compete with those of com- mercial manufactories; and before long the craftsmen lostthe battle, the world preferring the hideous machine-madegoods to the lovely things fashioned by hand. Neverthe- less, machinery is not wholly responsible for the declineof craftsmanship, and a fair part of the blame must belaid upon modern artists themselves. Because, with theiregotistical eagerness to gain prominence for their ownnames, they mostly consider the applied arts an unworthyfield for their activities, and insist on painting the easel picture, or moulding the independent statue. It neveroccurs to them, seemingly, that even so divine a sculptoras Donatello was largely concerned with ecclesiasticaldecoration; while a wealth of the greatest Italian painters,contemporaneous with that master, were also occupiedalmost exclusively with this task. Moreover, in what wasperhaps the greatest of all periods in French art, themid-eighteenth century, many of the rarest painters gladlyspent their talents on decorating china or furniture; whilein England of Georgian times, Chippendale was electeda member of the Society of Arts, his name being inscribedin its muster-roll hard by the names of Reynolds, Dr,Johnson and Horace Walpole. In fine, the great cabinet- maker was thought as important a member of the Societyas the expert, the scholar, and the portraitist; and thisspirit of honour towards the craftsmen, together with thatreadiness on the part of good sculptors and painters towaive doing independent works—these are among thethings which must be reinstated, would the applied artsonce more prosper. Nor is it inconceivable that a rein- statement of this sort will begin to take place at no verydistant date, the recent exhitjition at the Little Gallery,E. 40th Street, proving that at least some endeavour in thedirection is being made to-day; and it is proposed to ex- plain, in this article, just how that interesting exhibitioncame to be held. But, before doing so, it behooves todevote a few words to the new magazine, Form, whosepublication is likewise, in a sense, a step towards thegreater honouring of the handicrafts. Form ' In contradistinction to most journals of an aspirational,and therefore unpopular kind, Form is not the organ ofan actual school, a group of writers or painters sharing agiven aim. It must not be confounded*with Blast, forinstance, instituted by the "Vorticists" for expoundingtheir own creed; and the n.ew periodical embodies con- tributing, alike by artists of acknowledged reputation, andby quite young men. Two of its best poems are by Mr.Lawrence Binyon, while as to the younger poets repre- sented, the one showing by far the rarest gifts is Mr.Walter de la Mare, a lyric by him having a gentle,andante music to which Verlaine himself would surelyhave done homage. The outstanding prose item is atravel-sketch by Mr. Cunninghame Graham, while thatvery talented draughtsman in pen-and-ink, Mr. E. J.Sullivan, contributes an essay, The Grotesque, which re- veals him as a really sparkling writer, his wit withal beinghere and there of a somewhat Rabelaisian order. Mr.Frederick Carter's drawings are all weak save one calledImagination, its topic a group of nude figures; while themany drawings by Mr. Austin Spare are not nearly asstrong as his earlier things, for example those in his de- lightful Book of Satyrs; and a woodcut by Mr. C. H.Shannon is in no way comparable to the lithographs hedid fifteen or twenty years ago, marking him as easily the finest lithographer since Whistler. However, Mr.Shannon's woodcut, along with one by Mr. Frank Brang- wyn, and a beautiful lithograph by Mr. Charles Ricketts,are exactly what give Form its especial importance. Foralthough there are numerous magazines ready to offerhospitality to good prose or verse, there exists likewiseabundant facilities for exhibiting pictures and statues, theexquisite crafts of wood-engraving and lithography aresadly without adequate means for winning the keen in- terest they deserve. That torpid institution, the RoyalAcademy, has always neglected them studiously, whichis the more regrettable considering how wide theAcademy's influence is, and it is culpable again for nevertrying to foster good printing. Now Form embodiesdivers typographical ventures, there being here sundryfine initial letters; while various styles are employed in the different pages, some being set with a very decorativetype, akin to what William Morris used for his famousChaucer. And, if all these ventures are not completelysuccessful, they certainly represent an ambtiion of a sig- nally praiseworthy sort. Mr. C. R. Ashbee The exhibition at the Little Gallery was principallycomposed of metal work and jewelry, the things havingbeen made by the Guild of Handicraft. This is an Englishbody, founded by Mr. C. R. Ashbee, who is an architectby profession, author besides of many fine drawings andpoems, along with writings in prose. And being long aclose friend of William Morris, he early came to sharethat master's passion for good craftsmanship, his firm be- lief that beautiful household goods are perforce made byhand, with the result that he inaugurated, in a poor partof London, a school of design whose pupils were recruited exclusively from the Artisan class. Here nearly every- thing belonging to a category of applied art was taught,and soon the exploit expanded into the Guild aforesaid,its members being frequently commissioned to carry outthe decoration of whole rooms, if not houses or churches.Nevertheless the affair was soon menaced inevitably byfinancial difficulties; and thereupon Mr. Ashbee, realizingwell that union is strength, took a new, and still moreinteresting step. Contriving to acquire a piece of landin the south of England, he built on it a tiny village; andhere the craftsmen working under his tuition now livetogether, each having his own separate cottage, of course,but a kind of masonic regime existing among the members,while they have a library and various other necessities incommon. United thus, these workers are able to holdtheir own against the purely commercial houses; while thebeautiful things they make are mostly sold through anagency in London, whence came those which were shownat the Little Gallery. The whole idea is a most excellentone, and it is to be hoped that, indue course, somethingof the same species be attempted here in America. The Book Beautiful Every writer, caring as much for the visible, as for theliterary arts, must have dreamt fondly, now and then, ofproducing his works in a guise wholly chosen by himself,printing his every page with his own hands, and givingto the arrangement of title-pages, and so forth, that lovingartistry which is practically unknown among ordinarytypographers. Very few men, however, have been luckyenough to realize this dream; but Mr. Ashbee has beenfortunate herein, hand-printing being one of the artspractised by his Guild. He designed personally thebeautiful, if slightly cryptic type used by his press, knownas the Essex House; and it has printed the majority of his recent writings, for instance An Endeavour towards theTeaching of John Ruskin and William Morris, Conradin:A Ballad, and Echoes from the City of the Sun, the last- named embodying, memorable decorative items by theauthor. Nor have his works monopolized the activitiesof the press, for it has also sent out many classics, amongthem Gray's Elegy, Tennyson's Maudand Bunyan'sPilgrim's Progress. All these books contain lovely wood- cut illustrations, notably a few by Miss ClerrienceHousman, with others by Mr. Reginald Savage. Andat some future date, no doubt, the Essex House publica- tions will be sought for as sedulously as Elzevirs or Al- dines; while then too, perhaps, Mr. Ashbee will at lastreceive due honour for his fostering of good craftsmanship. Herbert Beerbohm Tree Is He an Artist? Dennis Denmore jH ROM a struggling player in the German theatre of* an East Side locality in London to the most dis- tinguished actor in the metropolis of the world, is a longstretch. This, however, has been accomplished by HerbertBeerbohm, later Mr. Tree and now Sir Herbert Tree.To-day, Sir Herbert Tree is an institution. Londonersattend his productions as faithfully as they patronize theDerby races. And like all institutions, he is likely toarouse the criticism and often the ire of the young artist,pulsating with a restlessness and a hunger for newerinroads into life and beauty.The home of Tree productions is His Majesty's Theatrein Haymarket, truly one of the most magnificent andbeautiful playhouses in London. Here there is presenteda continual flow of new and old plays, in which the artof Tree as producer, manager and actor is afforded thefullest scope and before an audience that is ever ready toapplaud, to acclaim and to praise. In defining thispeculiar hold over a vast number of playgoers evercisedby Tree, it is necessary to point out that he has alwayssat on the right side of the public. Tree's attitude hasbeen that the public can be trusted to appreciate the goodand high in drama and when a very fine type of play hadbeen placed with infinite care upon the boards of HisMajesty's Theatre and had not received the support thatit deserved, Tree has been very careful not to harranguethe public for their lack of appreciation. Good-humoredlyhe taken his "defeat" and the public was given tounderstand that the management of His Majesty's Theatreunderstands its attitude. Thus with a public that "hasever been diplomatically and gently handled, Tree hasestablished himself as a marked favourite of whom it isproud and of whom it carries the illusion (this isimportant) that it "possesses." The public is never happywith a dramatist like Shaw, whom it can never control ora politician like Lloyd George capable of outbursts or aman like Winston Churchill ever on the verge of changingpolitical colour. The public requires of its idols that theyshall meet with its fixed ideas of, them. Thus they likeAsquith in politics; Mrs. Humphrey Ward in literature;the"Daily News" in Journalism and Herbert Tree in thetheatre.All this might be taken as a disparagement of the notedactor. But this is not meant. As an actor, Tree standsout to-day as one of the foremost in his profession. Whathe has done, however, which will prove of little importancewhen the summing of his life work is considered, is hisattempt with that of Sir George Alexander to make actinga "respectable" profession, instead of allowing it to re- main a great art, above respectability and the social ideasand amenities of the current generation. The taking partin public affairs, the opening of charity bazaars, the entryof the latter (Sir George Alexander) into municipal poli- tics, the association of both in favor of the vague thingcalled patriotism and their joint culminating crime inaccepting knighthoods at the hand of their King, are allacts which deter from the purposes for which true artists must live. One of the most tragic acts in the career ofthat most gifted of living actors, Johnston Forbes Robert- son, was his acceptance of a knighthood. It had beenhoped by his admirers that so great an artist would nothave fallen. The tremendous influence of class, however,does not apparently ever leave those who have been bornor who have lived for a considerable time in England.The personality of Tree on the stage is powerful andingratiating. His voice has a mellow strength and thequality of arousing a liking for after it has been heardseveral times, although on first hearing, it may appeargrating to the ears.Tree's productions are most lavish. The scenery isspecially painted and the furnishing is of the most luxuriouscharacter. His innovations are many and whilst theygive pleasure to the eye they often crowd out the at- mosphere peculiar to the author's mind when he conceivedthe play. Thus in the Merchant of Venice, in which Treegives an excellent performance of Shylock, the impressiondrawn is that one is witnessing a performance of a playin which there is three quarters Tree and one quarterShakespeare. The productions fairly teem with innova- tions. Yet very few of Tree's innovations are of a qualitywhich will, in any considerable degree, affect stake pro- duction of the future. None seem significant or trulybeautiful.The greatest character portrayal of Tree is that ofFalstaff; in this part he excells. Tree has splendid physi- cal attributes, a wonderful and robust form; magnificenthead and strange piercing eyes. In the part of Falstaff,he utilizes his large physical frame to unique advantageand this with a fine understanding of the character and hissplendid boistrous acting,-has spread Tree's fame through- out the world. Tree's Malvolio is another triumph ofacting.The place is not here to discuss the long role of thepartswhe has played. Herbert Beerbohm Tree is an actor,who, whilst he has a distinguished and powerful follow- ing, would have become a still greater actor, had he notensconsed himself in the lap of the public opinion. Anactor who enrolls himself as "special constable" inorder to benefit the community, may be a good citizen,but can he, also be a great artist? Votes for Women T. W. H. Crosland IT ARK how their shining effigies are setA * For ever on the firmament of Time,Like lovely words caught in a lovely rhyme,Or silver stars kept in a faery net.Ivory and marble hold them for us yet,And all our blossomy memories of them chimeWith all the honest graces of the prime—Helen, and, Ruth, Elaine, and Juliet.And You, in this consolate London square,Flaunting an ill-considered purple hatAnd mud-stained, rumpled, bargain counter coat,You of the broken tooth and buttered hair,And idiot eye and cheeks that bulge with fat,Sprawl on the flagstones chalking for a vote! In Our Village A Few Natives as observed on Bleecker Street by Jack Flanagan Germany, Literature and the War Hans Von Weber (/ received the following letter from Mr. Hans Weber,Munich, Germany. Mr. Von Weber is one of the bestknown German publishers. He controls serveral monthlymagazines and weekly publications devoted to art andliterature. During the last twenty years he cultivatedthe (tbook beautiful" and his press 'Hyperion Press/J iswell known all over the world for the production ofbeautiful specimens of printing, and of masterpieces ofliterature. He is president of the German Association ofPublishers and was one of the trustees of the Board of Di- rectors of the recent International Exposition in Leipzig.)YOU lament in your recent letter the fact that allGerman articles about the present situation of litera- ture and the conditions of the book-market in Germany,submitted to you, are saturated with hatred against ourenemies with glorifications of the Kaiser and with de- testable submissiveness and servility of men that are butsubjects of their ruler and that such articles are of nointerest whatever for Americans. You cite Remy deGourmont and his article about the present state ofliterary matters in France which appeared in a previousnumber of your journal as an example of cool and neutralspirit. I admire greatly the coldbloodedness of Remy deGourmont who can write such nice and quiet resumes atsuch times and I shall do my best to find a German whocould do equally. But I am sorry to say that I have tostate for myself and I dare say for most of us, we don tcare very much what you the water thifik of us,considering all the measures America—the official Amer- ica—concluded to take against Germany. We are ratherslow in thinking, but if our thinking machine once starts° to operate it works exactly and intensively—and we cameto the conclusion that we cannot find understanding forall our peculiarities, those that make German character.We simply have to wait till you in the country of eternalbusiness realize again how convenient we are to work withand that you need us. 1 hat we are not disposed to courta country that does not only do its best to supply ourenemies—enemies that do their best to starve us out withnecessities of life in abundance—but also furnishes themwith guns, cannon and ammunition. (Three hundredof the finest Americans cannons of excellent make weretaken by our troops recently in East Prussia.) AVe leaveit with pleasure to Japanese activities to change youropinion about us as you know the Japanese are our pupilsand their knowledge is based upon German schooling. Idon't blame you that you accuse us of the "glorification ofimperialism" and "that certain servile spirit that goes withit." It is not only the Atlantic Ocean that lies betweenour two countries; it is necessary to have been here amongus during those last months, those months of wonderful,glorious happiness (notwithstanding the tragic seriousnessof all that happened) to be able to grasp the links thatchain us Germans to our Kaiser."Servility?" In what country does the cradle of socialdemocracy stand? Where had social democracy moreenemies, especially in Governmental circles, and where didDemocracy win the greatest victory over any government,no matter if imperial or republican? Somebody or some- thing is always adored in every country. It might be a big man or a group of big men, or the woman as a sex,or his majesty, the people or it is the friendship to ourKaiser, which you choose to call adoration. But don't youthink that the average state of education among our peoplealone, (which has hardly one illiterate) gives me the rightto call ourselves the most democratically ruled people ofthe world?You ask about the state of affairs among periodicalpublications and daily papers. There is not one periodicalthat suspended publication on account of the outbreak ofthe war. But there are several dozens of magazines whichhave doubled their volume since the mobilization, increas- ing considerably their circulation. (Here follows anenumeration of 48 German periodicals, illustrated month- lies and weeklies and statistical dates of their increase.)The daily papers especially in larger cities and of goodrepute increased their circulation and size beyond the be- lief of possibilities. Six average a daily edition of onemillion copies—for German circumstances an enormous,monster figure. The most read is "Die FrankfurterZeitung." (Here follows the enumeration of the mostimportant daily papers with statistics of circulation, ad- vertising, increase and decrease, and material printed.)About one hundred daily papers had to suspend publi- cation in the first week after the declaration of war. Thesewere mostly papers in smaller cities, whose financial stand- ing was bad previous to the present complications, or inmany cases where one man had been publisher and editor,assisted perhaps by his son or some other relative and hadbeen called to arms. There was no time to make arrange- ments for the temporary continuation of the paper andso it was suspended.And now to the production and the disposal of books.Of course, in the first months, there was no business atall. Maps were manufactured and disposed of as quicklyas they came from the presses. Later on the productionfo war literature started, but now we really do not knowthat there is wTar at all. Business is carried on just likein times of peace, and what is most wonderful, my ownspeciality, the production of the book beautiful, and theselling of books de luxe is flourishing. We, in Germany,would know little about the war that is carried on in ourenemies' country, if there were pot telegrams which keepus posted about the operations in the field, and if thestreet pictures with the many soldiers did not remind usthat we are in arms.Necessities of life and heating material are partlycheaper, partly more expensive, compared to prices beforeAugust Ist, 1914. But market prices are varying alwayseven in times of peace. Of course there are articles whichare especially needed by our troops, like blankets andleather. These are rather scarce, but everybody couldforesee this, and lay in a good stock long ago.According to the statistics of the exchange of Germanbook-dealers we published during the last five months of1914, fourteen thousand volumes of books, (there wereonly 300 published in France). lam enclosing a clippingthat appeared this week in the Berliner Tageblatt aboutthree of my new publications de luxe. Subscriptions tothese very expensive works of art were all solicited afterthe outbreak of the war. You can judge for yourself that such a war does not reflect upon the population at homeas severely as you outsiders imagine. Only the conscious- ness of not being out there with our brothers at the frontmakes us feel rather uncomfortable. I, for my part, wasrefused several times on account of my weak heart.More excitement than by war telegrams is being createdhere in Munich by the new utra-modern exhibition of"Die Neue Munchener Sezession." I do not know ifyou in America are properly introduced to the Futuristsand Cubists and all the other "ists." It is really unbe- lievable in what theories they indulge and what they dareto transform into practice. Naturally a genius might beslumbering in one or the other of these artists, a geniusthat the future has in store for us. But mostly know- nothingness, incapability and the thirst for sensationalismis hiding behind those vivid colors which in most caseshave not even traceable forms and lines.I am mailing you under seperate cover a few of theperiodicals published by me. I am afraid you will findin them that spirit that you call hatred and against whichyou protest as not in harmony with literature and art, butpray do no forget that we are surrounded by hatred, thatwas carefully nursed and grown against us for tens ofyears, meant to undermine the fruits of our hard labor.Our writers have no fish-blood in their veins and whatyou call hatred is in reality a cry of indignation.I wish to emphasize that the accusations that appearedin several English journals regarding the book treasuresexhibited by France, Russia, Japan and England duringthe recent exhibition of graphic arts and book making inLeipzig is not based on facts. We do not intend to keepthese treasures or to steal them from the righteous pro- prietors. Even the smallest pamphelt as well as the booksworth hundreds of thousands of dollars, are securely lockedup in safe deposit vaults and will be safely returned totheir proprietors in foreign countries after the conclusionof the war.Please do not take these lines personally, but you askedme questions and here are the answers.Very sincerely yours, Burning Waters By Catulle Mendes (Translated from the French by Renee Lacoste) INASMUCH as he was consumed by fever—the cruelfever of love—the poor lover decided to bathe in thecalm and cool river which flowed over such smoothpebbles.He had been told:"Seeing that you suffer without hope and without re- prieve, seeing that on your heart, your forehead, and yourlips are stamped the incandescent flushes of eternally un- fulfilled desires, it would be advisable for you to go inthese waters and remain there a long time, as they havebeen credited since time immemorial with possessing thepower of extinguishing the conflagrations of passion, andmany a one who wasn't any less strcken than you has felttheir good effects. The whole countryside can bear wit- ness to this."He slid from the bank into the river. No sooner hadhe stepped into the waters than he felt as if his wholebody were in the embrace of liye coals, as if it wereenveloped in flames. He fled through the open country. Burns lacerated all parts of his body, devouring and con- suming him. Never before had he experienced such un- bearable tortures.That evening when he complained about it to the onewho didn't love him, she said:"Ah! I know the reason well enough. It is because oneday while I was passing by this river I dropped in it oneof the tiny flowers which adorned my hair." Gravity of Breakfast W/HETHER breakfast is the most serious and silentmeal, because it is first, or because it is the soberestit is difficult to say; but it does generally pass withoutmuch talk, or, at all events, without much talk that isworth recording. Punsters very seldom pun at breakfast,and the narrators of long-winded stories are at that timemore sparing of their tales. There is then seldom anyargumentative discussion or any play of wit. Breakfastis altogether a matter of business, an affair of life anddeath, because if people did not break their fast, they couldnot live. Dinner is quite another thing ;that is more amatter of pleasure than of business; and they who speakof the pleasures of the table, are supposed to allude todinner, and not to breakfast. A man may dine withColonel Roosevelt five days in the week; but it is a muchmore serious matter to breakfast with Colonel Roosevelt. A Contented Native of Greenwich Village (He is aLandlord). By Jack Flanagan And such is the blessing of truth: it permits us to remainalways the same. He who wears a mask has to change itfrom time to time in order not to be recognized.Honor your dead—but not at the expense of your riving.You might do deadly injury to vanity but you never cankill it.Not to know how to use your talent is still harder thannot to have talent at all. Why and How I Got Married Many hundred stories, brief and lengthy accounts, arrive every week at the desk of our Contest Editor. Mostof them testify that marriage, even in our commonplace age, preserves its old romance and that to relate a story ofhow Grandfather took Grandmother urges the pen into hands not otherwise ambitious of literary achievement. Ahandful of these stories will be chosen every week for the perusal of our readers. Wife His Teacher I. B. IN the time of the revolutionary period of 1905 almost everyyoung person, in Russia, was eager to free the countryfrom the paws of the Russian bear.I was one of the inspired young men who threw myself, withmy whole soul, into the revolutionary movement.Among our comrades and associates, there was a beautifulyoung girl, Masha. She had soon noticed my illiteracy, andproposed to teach me how to read and write the Russianlanguage.With tears of joy in my eyes I accepted her proposition.I was then twenty years of age, a shoemaker by trade.When I was eight years of age, my parents, very poor, gaveme away to a master shoemaker, as an apprentice, to learn thetrade for four years without pay. In the fifth year I wassupposed to get twenty roubles with an increase of five roublesevery successive year.My friendship to Masha soon turned into a burning love.Both of us Were soon arrested, for distributing illegal literature.Masha, owing to the influence of her wealthy parents, was soonreleased from prison without a trial.Her parents have been trying their utmost to have me sentaway to Siberia, at least for a couple of years, in order tnat I, apoor shoemaker, should not be able to associate with theirdaughter.I escaped with only six months of imprisonment.Our town became too hot for revolutionists, and as soon asI had been released from prison, Masha and I concluded togo to America.With great difficulty, we came to the Island of Tears andSuffering.We were not permitted to enter the land of the free andthe brave unless we marry.On the next day, we were marching the streets of theMetropolis, as husband and wife, looking for some work.Many changes took place in our married life, since then, but• we are not sorry, and are always recollecting our past with asmile. She is Magnanimous L. W. SEVEN years ago I was spending the summer as usual neara large lake in northern Maine. I knew all the guides inthis region of the Big Woods. One of them, a chum of minesince little-girlhood, took me canoeing one night and said, "Ihave a 'boarder' coming to my camp to-morrow; a young artist,a German." "He's mine, Blackhawk," I responded quickly."Save him for me."The next day I strolled through the woods along the shore- path which led past Blackhawk's camp. A strange young manwas casting for trout from a rock near the shore, and as I ap- proached he landed a fine big fish. The excitement led to ananimated conversation, which resulted in my showing him howto lay a camp fire and cook his precious trout. Four days later we climbed the mountain together, affianced lovers—and withinthe month we were married.He was penniless, so was I. We believed in Love, in Art,and in each other. What more was necessary? We came toNew York and starved in a tiny attic room on WashingtonSquare South. ... A little son came. . . . He died.. . . Painting pictures means that one must have paints andcanvas—money can buy them, but food must be bought first, andthen there is no more money. As my man's talent lies deeperthan cigarette posters and pretty-pretty girls he has never yetbeen "discovered." So years have passed in fruitless struggle.Sometimes he has earned the food and shelter, sometimes Ihave. Twice since I have become a mother—children havebeen our only luxuries.Now we have broken the nasty claws of poverty in our ownway. The children are boarding with kind country people. Iam working at the literary work that I love and barely sup- porting myself and them. My man is working out his problemfor himself—where I do not know—but this I do know, thatultimately he will win, that he will gain the leisure and themoney to enable him to paint the pictures that are his life.Of course no one understands my view of this. . . . If Idesired it I could swim in the sympathy of all who now darenot voice their indignation, but I desire no sympathy for myself—rather for the man who through all these years of strugglehas kept faith enough in himself to give up all except his aim. Pride and Stubbornness P. P. IN my father's house there were seven daughters and threesons. The sons were born to die like other folks. Thedaughters were born to marry.Counting from the oldest down, or the youngest up, I wasthe middle one. When I was sixteen my mother began talkingabout my chances of marriage. Three sisters were alreadysettled and though there was nothing to object to in my broth- ers-in-law, I could see nothing in the least alluring in the pros- pect of annexing another of the same type. It all looked veryhumdrum. I had the idea of getting away from country lifeand there was no way of doing this excepting by marrying acity man. That variety was scarce. However, at a trifle pastseventeen I met the man, who besides hailing from the CapitalCity of the State, possessed qualities that appealed to the veinof romance in my make-up. He was handsome and he was notwhat the country folks described as "steady." He had no set- tled employment and he was of such a general character thatthe members of my family who sat in the seats of the mightywould have none of him. He was not allowed to enter myfather's house. Our meetings and correspondence were caredfor by mutual friends. So, in this handsome boy, four yearsolder than myself I saw the misjudged hero of all the romancesI had ever read or imagined.Of course, there were urgings for a clandestine marriage, butto this I would not consent. My father was a Baltimore man and had the old school Southerner's ideas of protecting andmanaging his family. His edict was I should never marry thisman in his house, and if I married- him anywhere else thehome would be shut against me forever after. I inherited someof his old stubbornness. I would be married at home andnowhere else.There was a five years' engagement. The opposition of thefamily was growing shaky, but, at twenty-two my ideas hadgrown to fit the other ma?i.To oppose this change there were my old style sense ofhonor. My word was given. So on a rainy day in June Iwas married to my early fancy and went away with him,taking what comfort I could to my heavy heart in the factthat I was envied by my girl friends because of my handsomehusband, and that my home would be in the Capital City ofthe State. The Thlobbon of Sappanal ACT VII Translated by Lord Dunsany Scene: The great hall at Ilaunos.Time: The year after the fifteenth festival of theAkneian mysteries.The King is seated on the Throne of Skyadax, in themidst of the splendid hall, looking out through the win- dow over the golden plains towards Heliostahn. QueenThyape is near him with attendants.Twelve men, entirely in grey, pass slowly over thestage at intervals of seven paces. They can scarcely seein the strong morning light, because they have neverbefore left the caverns beneath the palace. Each onesalutes the King by uplifted hand as he passes the crystalthrone, and says to him "This is the day." The Kingmotions at once to two of his spear-guard, who slip awayfrom the hall.The King (to Thyape)—So we shall never go toHeliostahn.Thyape—We shall even yet go to Heliostahn, and singtheir pastoral song. (To the King's Envoy) : Summonthe thakbars and the loyal and the sworn. Bid themcome armed at once. It is the day.The King—We shall never come to the gates of Helio- stahn, nor sit by the river of Kyfe.Thyape—lt was an idle prophhecy.The King—ls not the sky bloodshot? Is there notrouble among the winds?An Attendant (leaning from the window)—There isno trouble among the winds to-day. The sky is like aturquoise that the mountaineers have found.The King—Doth nothing evil come from Ektherana?Attendant—Nothing from Ektherana, save a far* speckof dust.(From now on the chiefs come in by twos and threes.Presently the two spearsmen of the guard come back tothe hall, dragging between them the slave who is destinedto be king. Again the King casts his spear at him, andweeps when it harmlessly strikes a pillar of cedar.)The King—At least let him be flogged.(The spearguard set upon the slave and wound andbeat him before the King.All the King's thakbars and soldanos are by nowgathered round him with weapons in their hands. On a sign from Thakbar Odwahn, they say in unison the oathto the dynasty of Skyadax.A sound of musick is heard far off.)A Spearsman of the Guard (looking out by the win- dow)—A company of camels is coming from Ektherana.(There is a silence among those assembled but for themoans of the slave and the sound of the spearsmen wound- ing him.)A Thakbar (to the Chieftain of the spear-guard) —The musick has a sound as of silver drums.Chieftain—lt is like to silver drums.Thakbar—Silver drums strangely beaten.Several Voices at once—lt is the tune of the prophecy.(Henceforward, all listen, rapt to the strange musickwhich continues to grow louder; nobody speaks, and allforget the King.)The King (to the Prophet of the Dynasty)—lt is thetune of the prophecy:(The Prophet of the Dynasty does not notice him, butstands listening to the musick.)The King (clutching his wrist)—lt is the tune of theprophecy.(The Prophet of the Dynasty nods his head.The spearsmen of the guard cease wounding the slaveand listen to the musick. It grows so loud that his moansare audible no longer.Four powerful men enter. They have grizzly beardsand are blind. By the taps and touches whereby theysign to each other, they appear to be also dumb. Theymove apart and bend forward, each stretching out a hand,and moving grotesquely with a kind of dance, in step tothe tune outside, they grope about the hall. It is clearthat they are hunting for the King. Still all the King'smen stand motionless, still listening to the tune. TheKing sits pale and silent, not deigning to descend fromthe Throne of Skyadax. The four men draw silver pipeswith their left hands out of their tunics and play on themas they move, and by the sound they keep in perfect line.The tune is the same as the one that is played outside.When their clutching right hands touch one of the thak- bars or soldanos, they withdraw it and keep on At last one lays a crooked hand on the Throne of Sky- adax ; his pipe utters a sudden and shrill skirl. The otherthree draw in. They grip the King, who neither speaksnor resists, and walking erect, he is led away between theirungainly figures.Presently, by an unseen hand outside, his crown isthrown into the hall, and is gently placed by the Prophetof the Dynasty on the slave's bleeding forehead as he lieson the onyx floor, the rest continuing as it were in atrance. And as soon as this is accomplished, the sound ofthe magical tune grows rapidly fainter and fainter.At seven paces interval, the twelve grey men* return,and each uplifts his hand as he passes the slave.)CURTAIN. Often we tell to somebody else what we would like tokeep secret before our own selves.Happiness ? Unhappiness ?Perhaps they are only various degrees of power, andhappiness we call what we are able to exert. Jean By Orrick Johns HE took her arm and they walked along happily. Shepulled him over and walked in the gutter while hewalked on the curb. "I feel like it's raining and I'm bare- footed and it's just a joy," she said. She told him she hadto fix her sixter's doll; she never played with dolls, theywere so foolish. She laughed and said, "It ain't hard tohave a baby. I know all about it." He answered, "Shut upnow." Jean told him he would have to be good now untilhe died, because his mother would know everything he did.When they came by the house again she wanted to sit onthe steps. "It's so nice here because nobody's inside; butwe'll have to talk in whispers, anyway, on account of yourmother." She asked him, "What would you rather be,Martin? I'd rather be a heroine and save a child from afire—and be all scarred up so I had to stay in the hospitaland get flowers." He said she would surely court death;that her dress would fly out and catch a flame if therewere any to speak of. She said, "Yes, I know it's awful;but it would be fun, too." Then she told him he wouldbe rich now, with only himself. She sighed and scratchedher hand on his rough one, as she always did when theywere alone. She liked to have him make her stop it, be- cause then she would tussle with him and sometimes hewould hurt her. Martin thought from what she said anddid that she liked being hurt more than anything.He said no, he would never be any good and could notever marry, because he might have children. He thoughtit was wrong to have children unless you could send themto school even after they got big. "Yes, all our peopleare such fools," said Jean. She was standing up on thestep and he was below her. She suddenly closed her eyesand stiffened up. Then she said, "Oh!" and started tofall. He caught her just in time and her weight camefull against him. He wondered that she was so light and. seemed so little. All at once he felt himself aching allover and did not remember anything more except her hairin his mouth and her face in front of his, right up againstit. The face did not seem like hers at all, it was close tohim, and it was three times as big as hers and looked sowild. They both made funny little sounds in their throatswhen he let her go. Martin's throat was so dry he Couldnot speak. He took her arm without knowing it and theywalked to her house. She laid her head on his shoulder and he could not see her face, but he felt her shakingunder his arm. He thought she was crying, but when shelooked up he saw she was laughing. "I was so scared,Martin, darling," she said. "Something pushed me off thestep. It kept pushing me right at you and I couldn't stop."He was scared, too, and shivered and they held each othertighter. Presently she said, "Now, you must always tellme I'm pretty, but if you don't mean it, I'll know by your}yvoice.After she had gone in he felt he was perspiring all over.He went home and splashed water on himself. When hestarted to fix the clock he remembered what she said aboutit and wanted to throw it out of the window.The next night Martin tried to see her again and shetold him she would never let herself out of somebody'ssight with him again; that she might have known he hadno chivalry. He said to quit beating around the bush, totell him what was the trouble. She had a bucket withsome eggs in it, taking it home. She held it up and said,"Let me pass." Martin stood in her way and she triedto dodge past him, but he stopped her everv time. Shesaid, "You'd have had more senses not to take advantageof a fainting woman." It made him so mad he held herand kissed her about twenty times. She said it was nother that let him, but the eggs, and he need not flatter him- self.The next time he saw her she stood square up to himand said, "Now, Martin Hupp, you know you're onlydallying." He made her sit down and told her life hadgot to be hard with him now; he did not think like heused to, and if his mother was back it would be better forhim, because he knew he had lost her too soon for his owngood. Jean straightened up and tried to look like a teacherin school and took his hand and said, "Now it's my dutytp take her place and I've been such a fool not to knowwhat you meant." She said it was hard for a girl toknow when she had any friends and she did not really hatehim at all, but something had told her tj acr tnat way.He was so glad to feel her hand* again she said he almostbroke her thumb. Then she kissed him on the cheek andsaid, "I've always hated myself, and now more than ever.''She came over every day, long enough, anyway, to movesomething so he would know she had been there. He gotso he would take everything in the house that she hadtouched and hold it against his coat, where his heart oughtto be, for a minute. They went out together almost everynight for a walk or in the park or to one of the gardens. Edith Haynes ThompsonHER SHOP*Containing Many Quaint and Beautiful Things58 WASHINGTON SQUARE SOUTHHours: 1 to 5.30 P. M. j. 112. McCarthyPAINTINGS ANDANTIQUES30 WEST 46th STREET HOTEL BREVOORTCAFE LAFAYETTEFifth AvenueUniversity PlaceRAYMOND ORTEIG, INC.The Two French Hotels and Restaurants of New York GONFARONE'S40 West Bth StreetTABLE D'HOTE"Eating places are literary landmarks" said O. Henry, speaking of Gonfarone's in one of Msunexcelled Greenwich Village Stories. Greenwich Village Inn(Pony's)Between Washington Sq. &amp; 6th Ave.Service a la CarteOutdoor Dining RoomFrom the making of a lamp to the creation of aperiod room there is a right and a wrongway. The problems of your own house may beanswered by consultingANTON HELLMAN80 West Washington Square :Spring 6340Florence Gough has designed children's playfrocks and kiddies rompers for vacation wear.PAINT BOXISO W. 4th St., nr. 6th Ave., N. Y.Phone Spring 23Artistic Cushionsi.Including wool embroidery. Unique and originaldesigns in patchwork. Cushions made to order.Call or write Sessers Studio Co., 82 WashingtonPL, N. Y. Spring 1076.LE DERNIER CRIThe gift shop magazine. Exploits the latest giftshop novelties. Devoted solely to the Gift andSpecial Shop. Sample copy free. 50 cents peryear.LE DERNIER CRIGrand Rapids, Mich.T. D. CoxStationery and News ShopCirculating Library68 Washington Place, N. Y.JUDSON TAILOR SHOP51 Washington Sq.All kinds of tailoring work neatly done. Drycleaning of Ladies' Suits, Gowns, Wraps, etc.,a specialty.'Phone 5360 Spring'Phone Spring 3922THE DUTCH OVEN135 MacDougal Streetnear Washington Sq.Open Air Dining RoomHome CookingLuncheon Tea READERS OF BRUNO'S WEEKLY ARE ASKED TO BECOME SUBSCRIBERS52 ISSUES, TWO DOLLARSSEND YOUR CHEQUE TO-DAY58 WASHINGTON SQUARE, NEW YORK CITYRare Books First EditionsExtra Illustrated Books. Early Printed Books. Association Books. Books for Christmas Gifts.Purchased singly or in sets for people who hare neither time nor opportunity to select for themselves,or for those who have not access to the best hook marts. Why not begm collecting now?Address, E. V. Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.Being a hookINWHICHwo say just what we think. Published every month by Norman-Bel Geddee at 171 Wilson Avenueis Detroit, Michigan. It is a little book vmpwtj illustrated. Write for sample copy.I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots, and libraries; autograph letters of known Btsrary men ariartists, drawings, pictures and engravings. Address"COLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq.The Mad Hatter Has a Tea Party Every AfternoonFrom 3 to 6 at150 WEST FOURTH STREETJust Down the Rabbit Hole From Washington Squares&lt;Take Some More Tea""I've Had Nothing Yet So I Can't Take More""You Mean You Can't Take Lets, It's Very Easy toTake More Than Nothing.""Nobody Asked Your Opinion" Edith Unger*ROSSI BROTHERS6S Washington SquareUnderneath the GarretICE CREAM AND TOBACCOThere can be no pleasanter place to hear that remarkableEdison Record Number (82536) thanTHE DIAMOND DISC SHOPat Number 10 Fifth AvenueiiIn this stole, at least, the delightful atmosphere of Old (sreenwieh Village has notOH ttff* altar ofA postal will bring you, withan interesting little biography of Mr. lime. A.Phone: Stuyvesant 4570