Digital Transcription and Facsimile of Broom, Vol. 4, No. 1 (1922-12) naap_1922-12_01 Princeton University Library 3 types (wrapper, inside, glossy image, one image in colour); not hand-made paper as previous issue, hence no chain-lines or watermark 84 22 32 new pagination images and illustrations on inside paper (two in colour, p. 61 and p. 64) and two-sided images on glossy paper, glued in as inserts, between pp. 16-17, pp. 32-33, and between 56-57 Advertisements: 10 pages, two on glossy paper, one on inside back cover same as previous issue Inscription/annotation on the cover in blue crayon/pencil and in grey pencil ('Dec 1922') cover in wrappers glued; inside stitched/sewn double-sided images on glossy paper, glued in as inserts, between pp. 16-17, pp. 32-33, and between 56-57 Sold for 50 cents 10 lire 6 francs 3 . Beach; two 'Shakespeare And Company' stickers, one on inside front cover, one on inside back cover Broom Harold A. Loeb edt pbl Matthew Joesphson edt Lola Ridge edt Broom pbl Printed by Rich. Labisch &amp; Co., Graphische Kunstanstalt G.m.b.H., Berlin (Germany) prt 4 1 December 1922 Headquarters: Schickler Strasse 5, Berlin, Germany Broom Broom 4 1 Cover Design (Woodcut) Halika cre Illustration 1 Table of Contents 2 Seventh Street Jean Toomer cre 5 Stavrogin's Confession Feodor Dostoyevski cre A. Yarmolinksy trl 6-12 Postscript A. Y. cre 12-13 Dostoyevski Louis Grudin cre 14-15 Untitled Woodcut Ladislas Medgyes cre Illustration 15 Some Commonplaces on the Dance André Levinson cre K. C. trl 16-25 Jason and Medea (1781) J. Boydell cre Illustration 19 Mile. Puvigné, La Statue dans Pygmalion (18th Century) Boquet cre Illustration 20 Untitled Illustration 25 The Cosmic Theatre Paul Scheerbart cre Matthew Josephson trl 26-34 Untitled Woodcut Ladislas Medgyes cre Illustration 34 Notations from a Music Master's Roll-Book Henry Bellamann cre 35-40 Marie Taglioni dancing a Pas-de-quatre Old Lithograph 1845 Illustration 37 Fanny Elsler (1840) G. Leybold cre Illustration 38 The Lay of Maldoror Comte de Lautreamont cre John Rodker trl 41-57 Young Mr. Elkins Malcolm Cowley cre 58-62 Carlotta Grisi (about 1845) Illustration 63 Ballerinas Pablo Picasso Illustration 64 Instant Note on Waldo Frank Matthew Josephson cre 65-68 Dancer from the Ballet Tricorne Pablo Picasso Illustration 69 No. 19. Louis Kassak cre 70-71 Costume for Ravel's Rhapsodie Espagnole Gontcharova Illustration 72 On the Stairs Leading to my Marble Halls Alfred Mombert cre Babette Deutsch trl A. Yarmolinksy trl 73 Suffering Albert Ehrenstein cre Babette Deutsch trl A. Yarmolinksy trl 73 The Moscow Art Theatre H. A. L. cre 74-75 Broom Logo Illustration 84 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 3 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 4 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 76 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 76 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 77 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 77 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 77 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 77 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 77 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 78 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 79 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 80 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 81 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 82 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 83 BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb. Editor, Harold a. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge. DECEMBER, 1922 APPEARS MONTHLY VOL. 4, NO. 1 Page Cover Design — (Woodcut) — Halicka — Seventh Street — Jean Toomer 3 Stavrogin's Confession — Feodor Dostoyevski 4 Dostoyevski — Louis Grudin . 12 Woodcuts — Ladislas Medgyes 13,30 Some Commonplaces on the Dance — Andr£ Levinson 14 Jason and Medea — Engraving by J. Boydell facing 16 Mlle. Puvign£, la Statue dans Pygmalion —by Boquet facing 17 The Cosmic Theatre — Paul Scheerbart 22 Notations from a Music Master's Roll Book — Henry Bellamann . . . 31 Marie Taglioni dancing a Pas-de-Quatre — old Lithograph facing 32 Fanny Elsler — Lithograph by G. Leybold facing 33 The Lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautr£amont •. . 35 Young Mr. Elkins — Malcolm Cowley 52 Carlotta Grisi — Old Lithograph facing 56 Ballerinas — Pablo Picasso facing 57 Instant Note on Waldo Frank — Matthew Josephson 57 Dancer from the Ballet Tricorne — Pablo Picasso 61 No. 19 — Louis Kassak- . 62 Costume for Ravel's "Rhapsodie Espagnole" — Gontcharova 64 On the Stairs Leading to My Marble Halls — Alfred Mombert , 65 Suffering — Albert Ehrenstein 65 The Moscow Art Theatre — H. A. L 66 ' • The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. must be accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon - sible for loss of mss. in transit. Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin officemss. from America to the New York office. The price of Broom is: For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy, 10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and 6o francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3 shillings the copy, and one pound and shillings for a year's subscription. The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of same will be prosecuted. Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. y. April 22, 1922 under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, Germany New York Office, Three East Ninth Street. BETWEEN OURSELVES John Cournos, the author of Babel, is generally regarded over here as an English author. As a matter of fact, Cournos is an American citizen whose parents came from Russia many years ago and settled in Phila- delphia where young Cournos began his literary adven- tures by peddling newspapers outside of the Pennsylvania station. From peddling papers to the job of printer's devil was a quick step, and from printer's devil to the job of reporter was only a matter of a few years. During these years when he was the principal support of a large family. Cournos saved enough money to make his "grand tour" abroad and finally settled in London where he has lived the last three years, during which time he wrote his trilogy, The Wall, The Mask, and Babel. Such worth while critics as F. Scott Fitzgerald, Rebecca West, Rose Macaulay, Sheila Kaye-Smith, May Sinclair, John Macy, Burton Rascoe, T. R. Smith, etc., think that Babel is a big book, and when Cournos returns to America this autumn, he hopes that the public will already have shown its full agreement with the high opinion of the critics. Few people will believe that an author would spend something like $ 12.00 rather than have a single comma in one of his books left out. Mr. Liveright, however, is willing to take an affidavit that on the morning of September 4 th at the horribly early hour of 3:15 A. M., Ben Hecht telephoned to him from Chicago and took no less than 15 minutes to insist that on page 47 of his new book, Gargoyles, in the sentence rea- ding, "If all women were like you, there would be no bad men," the omission of a comma after the word you entirely destroyed the rhythm of his prose. Mr. Hecht knew that the book was to go to press the following day and would not trust a telegram to make his meaning clear. In relating this story to several people the only comment which seemed to be forthcoming has been: What is punctuation to Hecht, anyhow? It is not generally known that Stacy Aumonier, the author of Heartbeat, which in a short month has proven to be by far the most popular of his novels which have been published in America, was, before he devoted himself to letters, an artist of no mean ability. At The Savage Club in London, which corresponds more or less to our Players Club in New York, there are a number of Mr. Aumonier's pictures, and two of his sketches are among the most prized possessions of Miss May Sinclair, who is a next door neighbor of the Aumoniers at St. John's Wood. Hendrik Van Loon, as everyone knows, is a merry old soul and he is just as generous as he is merry. His publishers have just received a cable from him from Stockholm saying: "Congratulations to everyone in the office on Mankind touching the 63,000 mark! The critics have said it's a good book, but the love and energy lavished on it by all of you, from the boss down to the shipping clerk, made it 60 instead of 6." We have just printed 50,000 additional copies of The Story of Mankind and feel that maybe that won t be enough for the holiday season. Beginning this autumn, instead of continuing the former practice of publishing a number of new titles in The Modern Library in one group each season, one new title will be issued on the 10 th of each month. One title each year will be chosen by the booksellers themselves. Mr. Liveright says: "There seems no reason why the reading public shouldn't look forward with as keen anticipation to the new Modern Library volume on the 10 th of each month as the music-loving public does to the new Victor and Columbia records." The September Modern Library title will be Ancient Man by Hendrik Van Loon with a number of new illustrations by Hank himself. Ludwig Lewisohn, the author of Up Stream one of the finest autobiographies which have been published in America in many years, and which, by the way, is now in its Bth edition and moving stronger up stream every day, is now at work on his new novel, The Hearthstone. If the next 300 pages are as good as the fiist 50, Lewisohn will score another big success. The Carra edition of the works of George Moore, the first three volumes of which will be published in October, will be prefaced by a 10,000 word intro- duction which Mr. Moore calls Apologia Pro Scriptis Meis. Gertrude Atherton writes us that she has almost completed the third revison of her new novel which will appear with our imprint early in January. How many writers in these mad dynamic days qualify for that fine definition of genius which consists in taking infinite pains? The books mentioned on this page may be had at any first- class book shop in the United States BONI &amp; LIVERIGHT, Publishers 103 West 40 th Street NEW YORK The subcription price of BROOM is $ 5 per year, but for a limited time only we are making the following special offer: (1) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and The Goose Man by Jacob Wassermann, author of The World's Illusion ($ 2.50). Both for $ 5.50. (2) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and Batouala by Rene Maran, winner of the PRIX GONCOURT ($1.75). Both for $5.00. (3) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and The Hairy Ape (including Anna Chrystie and The First Man) ($ 2.00). Both for $ 5.00. BROOM 3 EAST 9th STREET, NEW YORK CITy For the enclosed $ please send me Broom for a year and the following book Name Adress i* 3 SEVENTH STREET Money burns the pocket, pocket hurts, Bootleggers in silken shirts, Ballooned, zooming Cadillacs, Whizzing, whizzing down the street-car tracks. Seventh Street is a bastard of Prohibition and the War. A crude-boned, soft-skinned wedge of Negro life breathing its loafer air jazz songs and love thrusting unconscious rhythms, black reddish blood, into the white and white-washed wood of Washing - ton. Stale soggy wood of Washington. Wedges rust in soggy wood . . . Split it in two! Again! Again! Shred it! . . . the sun. Wedges are brilliant in the sun; ribbons of wet wood dry and blow away. Black reddish blood. Pouring for crude-boned soft-skinned life, who set you flowing? Blood suckers of the War would spin in a frenzy of dizziness if they drank your blood. Prohibition would put a stop to it. Who set you flowing? White and white - wash disappear in blood. Who set you flowing? Flowing down the smooth asphalt of Seventh Street, in shanties, brick office buil - dings, theatres, drug stores, restaurants, and cabarets? Eddying on the corners? Swirling like a blood-red smoke up where the buzzards fly in heaven? God would not dare to suck black red blood. A Nigger God! He would duck his head in shame and call for the Judgment Day. Who set you flowing? Money burns the pocket, pocket hurts, Bootleggers in silken shirts, Ballooned, zooming Cadillacs, Whizzing, whizzing down the street-car tracks. Jean Toomer 4 STAVROGIN'S CONFESSION CHAPTER III The reading lasted about an hour. Tikhon read slowly and perhaps re-read several passages many times. All the time Stavrogin sat silent and motionless. The shade of impatience, absentmindedness and, one might say, delirium which had hovered over his face all morning, vanished almost com - pletely, and was replaced by a calm and by a kind of sincerity, which gave him the appearance of something close to dignity. Tikhon took off his spectacles, paused, and finally looked up at him and began with a certain cautiousness: "And wouldn't you make some corrections in this document?" "Why, I wrote sincerely," said Stavrogin. "Possibly in the style. . "I forgot to warn you," said Stavrogin swiftly and abruptly, with a forward jerk of his whole body, "that all your words will be in vain; I shall not delay carrying out my intention; do not take the trouble to argue with me. I will send it broadcast." "But you did remember to warn me before I began reading." "It's all one," Stavrogin interrupted brusquely, "I repeat: however strong your arguments may be, I won't give up my intention. Note that by this awkward or perhaps shrewd remark, however you may take it, I'm not trying to lead you on to argue with me and persuade me that I should give up my idea." "I could hardly attempt to argue with you, let alone ask you to give up your intention. This idea is a great idea, and a Christian thought could not express itself more amply. Repentance can go no further than the admirable act which you have in mind, if only. . ." "If only what?" "If only it is really repentance and really a Christian thought." "I was writing sincerely." "It is as though you purposely presented yourself as a coarser man than your heart would dictate. . ." Tikhon was getting bolder and bolder. Obviously the "document" had made a very strong impression on him. 5 r Presented? I repeat, I didn't present myself, I did not pose." Tikhon quickly dropped his eyes. "This document comes straight from a heart wounded unto death. Isn't that true?" he said with persistence and with extraordinary fire. "Yes, this is repentance and the natural need for it which has overcome you, and you are on a great road, an incredible road. But it is as though you were already hating and despising in advance all those who will read what you have written, and as though you were challenging them to an encounter. Since you are not ashamed to confess your crime, why are you ashamed of repentance?" "Ashamed?" "Yes, ashamed and afraid." "Afraid?" "Terribly. 'Let them look at me,' you say; and you yourself, how will you look at them? Some of the passages in your narrative are exaggerated by virtue of style; it is as if you were admiring your own psychologizing, and you cling to each detail so as to amaze the reader by a callousness which isn't really in you. What is this, if not the guilty one's proud defiance of his judge?" "But where is the defiance? I eliminated all discussion on my part." Tikhon passed this over in silence. A faint color came into his pale cheeks. "Let's leave this subject," Stavrogin cut him off abruptly. "Allow me, on my side, to put a question to you: we have been talking for some five minutes after this,"(he motioned with his head toward the pamphlet) "and you show no signs of disgust or shame... It seems you are not squeamish..." He did not finish. "I shall hide nothing from you: I was horrified to see so much idle energy spent upon abominations. As for the crime itself, many commit it, but live at peace with their consciences, considering that it belongs to their inevitable wild oats. There are old men too who sin likewise, even wantonly and playfully. All these horrors fill the whole world. As for you, you have perceived all the depths of this vileness, a thing which rarely happens so completely." "Am I to understand that you have begun to respect me after these sheets?" Stavrogin grinned crookedly. "To this I shall give you no direct answer. Of course there is not and there cannot be, a greater and more fearful crime than your act against the child." 6 "Let's give up this measuring by the yard stick. Perhaps I do not suffer as much as I wrote here. And perhaps I lied a lot about myself," he added unexpectedly. Tikhon passed this over in silence also. "And this young lady," began Tikhon again, "with whom you broke in Switzerland, where is she at present, if I may take the liberty of asking you?" "Here." Another pause. "Perhaps I lied a good deal to you about myself," Stavrogin repeated insistently. "What if I have defied them by the coarseness of my confession, if you did notice the challenge? I will only force them to hate me more, that's all. That will only make it easier for me." "That is, their hatred will only rouse hatred in you, and hating, you will feel more comfortable than if you had accepted pity from them." "You're right. You know,"he laughed suddenly, "they'll probably call me a Jesuit and a pious hypocrite after this document. Ha! Hal Ha! Isn't that so?" "Of course, such words will certainly be said. And how soon do you intend to carry out your intention?" "Today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, how do I know? Only very soon. You're right: I believe I will do it suddenly, in a fit of revenge and hatred, at a moment when I hate them most." "Just answer one question, but sincerely, only to me, to me alone," said Tikhon in an entirely different tone of voice. "If someone were to forgive you for this," (Tikhon pointed to the pamphlet) "and not anyone whom you respect or fear, but a stranger, a man whom you will never know, who would forgive you mutely, while reading your terrible confession, would the thought of this make it easier for you, or would it be all the same to you?" "It would be easier," answered Stavrogin in a low voice. "If you were to forgive me, it would make it much easier for me," he added, lowering his eyes. "I will forgive you, if you forgive me also," said Tikhon, in a voice betraying deep emotion. "Bad humility. You know, these monkish formulae are altogether ungraceful. I will tell you the whole truth: I want to have you forgive me. And perhaps to have another man, and even a third, do so too, but let everybody else hate me. But I want this simply that I may bear with humility. . 7 "And you couldn't bear universal pity with the same humility?" "Perhaps not. Why do you ask?" "I feel the depth of your sincerity, and of course, it's my fault that I do not know how to approach people. I always felt it to be my great failing," said Tikhon with warm frankness, looking straight into Stavrogin's eyes. ff l ask, because I fear for you," he added. "You have an almost impassable abyss before you." "I shan't endure it, I shan't be able to stand their hatred?" Stavrogin was roused. "Not hatred alone." "What else?" "Their laughter," the words escaped from Tikhon as though with difficulty, in a half-whisper. Stavrogin was taken aback. His face showed his alarm. "I foresaw it,"he said. "Do you too find me very ridiculous, after having read my document? Don't let it trouble you, don't be embarrassed. I expected it." "There will be universal horror, and of course, more sham than real. People are only terrified by what directly threatens their personal interests. I do not speak of the pure souls, they will be horrified secretly, and will blame only themselves, but they will be unnoticeable because they will hold their peace. But the laughter will be universal." "I am surprised to see what a bad, what a low opinion you have of people," Stavrogin dropped, with a somewhat embittered air. "And will you believe me, I judge more by myself than by what I know of others," exclaimed Tikhon. "Really? Is it possible that there is something in your soul which rejoices in my misery?" "Who knows? Perhaps there is. Oh, yes, perhaps there is." "Enough. Tell me then, what is there in particular in my manuscript that is ridiculous? I know it myself, but I want to have it pointed out by your finger. And be as cynical as possible, and speak with all the frankness of which you are capable. And let me tell you again that you are an awfully queer fellow." "Even in the very form of this great confession there is something ridiculous. Oh, don't doubt but that you'll conquer," he suddenly exclaimed, almost rapturously. "Even this form," he pointed to the pamphlet again, "will avail, if only you will sincerely accept the blows and the spittle. It was always thus, that the most disgraceful cross became a great glory and 8 a great power, if only the humility of the act is sincere. It may be that you will be solaced even while alive." "And so it is in the form alone, perhaps, that you find something ridiculous?" insisted Stavrogin. "In the substance too. The ugliness will kill," whispered Tikhon, lowering his eyes. "The ugliness? What ugliness?" "Of the crime. There are truly unbeautiful crimes. Grimes, no matter what they are, are the more imposing, the more picturesque, so to speak, the more blood, the more horror there is; but there are shameful, disgraceful crimes which escape the dreadful, so to speak, which are all too un - graceful. . ." Tikhon did not finish his sentence. ' That is," Stavrogin fell in, agitatedly, "you found I cut a very ridi - culous figure when I kissed the dirty little girl's hand. ... I understand you perfectly. And you fear for me desperately, precisely because this is ugly, disgusting, no, not that, not disgusting, but shameful, ridiculous, and you believe that this is what I'm not likely to endure." Tikhon was silent. I understand why you asked whether the young lady from Switzerland is here." "You aren't prepared, you are not inured," whispered Tikhon timidly, dropping his eyes. "You are torn out of your soil, you have no faith." "Listen, Father Tikhon: I myself want to be able to forgive myself. That's my chief aim, that's my whole aim!" Stavrogin said suddenly, with gloomy rapture in his eyes. "I know that only then the vision will vanish. That is why I seek measureless suffering, I seek it myself. Do not frighten me, or I will perish in my viciousness." This fit of frankness was so unexpected that Tikhon rose to his feet. "If you believe that you yourself can forgive yourself, and that you can attain to that forgiveness in this world by suffering, if you set yourself such a goal with faith, then you have complete faith!" exclaimed Tikhon rapturously. "How then could you say that you don't believe in God?" Stavrogin did not answer. "God will forgive your unfaith, for you honour the Holy Ghost without knowing it." "And by the way, will Christ forgive?" asked Stavrogin with a crooked grin, rapidly changing his tone, and there was a slight shade of irony in 9 his voice. "It is said in Scripture 'Whoso shall offend one of these little ones,' remember? According to the Gospels there is no greater crime." 1 "Simply, you are anxious to avoid a scandal, and you set a trap for me, my good Father Tikhon," Stavrogin drawled casually and spitefully, half rising. "In short, what you want is to have me become respectable, marry perhaps, and end my life as a member of the local club, visiting the monastery each holiday. A penance, of course, isn't that so? However, as a searcher of hearts perhaps you have the feeling that no doubt that's how it will all end, and it's all a question of having you plead with me insistently for the sake of appearances, because it's really the only thing that I'm after, isn't that so?" He laughed brokenly. "No, not that penance, I'm preparing another one," continued Tikhon with fire, without paying the slightest attention to Stavrogin's remark and his laughter. "I know an old man, he's not here, but not far from here either, a monk and hermit, and of such Christian spirit that you and I could hardly understand him. He will heed my entreaties. I will tell him everything about you. Go to him, and become a novice under him for some five or seven years, for as long as you find it necessary. Take a vow and through this great sacrifice you will purchase all that you desire, and even more than you expect, for you cannot appreciate now what you will receive." Stavrogin listened earnestly. "You bid me become a monk and enter the monastery?" "You do not have to enter the monastery. You do not have to take orders. Simply be a novice, secretly. You can do this living in the world." "Quit it, Father Tikhon," Stavrogin interrupted disgustedly, and rose from his chair. Tikhon rose also. "What is the matter with you?" he exclaimed suddenly, staring almost fearfully at Tikhon. Tikhon stood before him, his palms pressed together and thrust forward, and a morbid convulsion, apparently caused by an overwhelming fear, momentarily contorted his features. "What is the matter with you? What is the matter with you?" repeated Stavrogin, running toward him to support him. It seemed to Stavrogin that the man was going to faint. 1 This is the end of the fourteenth galley. There is a gap between it and the beginning of the next galley. 10 "I see. . . I see clearly," exclaimed Tikhon in a penetrating voice and with an expression of most intense grief, "that never, poor lost youth, have you stood nearer to a new and more terrible crime than at this moment." "Compose yourself," Stavrogin begged him, positively alarmed for him. "Perhaps I will postpone. . . You're right. .." "No, not after the publication, but even before it, a day, an hour perhaps, before the great step, you will plunge into a new crime as a way out for you, and you will commit it solely to avoid the publication of these sheets." Stavrogin veritably shook with anger, and with some fear. "Cursed psychologist!" he broke out in a rage, suddenly cutting the conversation short, and without looking back, left the cell. Feodor Dostoyevski (Translated by A. Yarmolinsky) POSTSCRIPT The proof-sheets which contain the preceding text are crowded with corrections and insertions. Yet hardly any of them are sufficiently significant to demand inclusion in this translation. Even with these changes the text lacks the polish of final copy. In this connection it is pertinent to note that there exists another version of Stavrogin's Confession, which presents internal evidence of being an earlier variant. This is a manuscript, written in Madame Dostoyevski's hand, and kept with other Dostoyevski material in the Pushkin House attached to the Russian Academy of Sciences. This text was published in a Russian historical review practically simultaneously with our own. The two texts differ considerably in phrasing, especially in the third chapter. The text given here is on the whole more concise. The manuscript version contains a curious detail of composition characteristic of Dostoyevski's literary technique. Stavrogin hands Tikhon his confession sheet by sheet, and the first sheet carries the narrative to the point where the reader expects a description of his crime. When Tikhon has read this sheet Stavrogin, instead of handing him the second one, gives him the third. The following dialogue ensues: 11 " 'That second sheet is under censorship for the time being,' said Stavrogin rapidly, with an awkward smile. He was sitting in the corner of the divan, and watching Tikhon with a steady, feverish stare. 'You'll get it later, when you deserve it,' he added, with an unsuccessful attempt at familiarity. He laughed, but it was pitiful to look at him. 'Well, second sheet or third sheet, it's all the same now,' remarked Tikhon. 'What do you mean — all the same? Why?' cried Stavrogin, starting forward. 'It's by no means all the same. Ah, you, as a monk, must immediately suspect the worst. A monk would make the best prosecutor.' Tikhon regarded him silently. 'Compose yourself. It isn't my fault if the little girl was foolish and misunderstood my intentions. . . Nothing happened. . . Ab-so-lute-ly nothing.' 'Well, then God be thanked,' Tikhon crossed himself. f It would take too long to explain. It was merely a psychological misunderstanding.' He blushed suddenly. Disgust, longing, despair were written on his face. He stopped abruptly. For more than a minute neither of them spoke or looked at the other. 'You know, you'd better read it,' he said, automatically wiping the cold perspiration off his forehead. 'And you'd better stop looking at me altogether. . . It seems to me that I'm dreaming. . . And remember, I'm at the end of my patience,' he added in a whisper. Tikhon swiftly turned his eyes away, took up the third sheet and read the pamphlet to the end without interruption." In the third chapter Dostoyevski indicates that both men disregard Stavrogin's denial of his crime. In this chapter the novelist introduces an incident which he omits from our version. Stavrogin picks up a small ivory crucifix from the table, and turning it nervously about in his fingers, accidentally snaps it two. It is curious to note that this is a favorite device of Dostoyevski's for symbolizing the tragic split in the spirit of the unbeliever. A. Y. 12 DOSTOYEVSKI A man with a face like a thin green wave that rose in a drawn treble against the darkness, stood in a small bare room; it fled in four directions from the frantic gaslight. Faces vaguely resembling his own ranged about him and hung in straight lines, like an abandoned quest. Hungers with tired hands and hatreds, breast to breast groped toward him, crying that their struggles were unavailing, and in their midst a ceaseless wailing suddenly choked itself, explaining that it did not know how to die; a man and woman relinquished each other and pointed to their futile bruises; a violent ghost leaped before him and fluttered with a pain without words; among them hovered a woman with an invisible face and shoulders like a heavy scent which she had wearied of pursuing; a giant stared at his own phosphorescence and begged with guiltless candor, from a heap of implements and rags, to be told what he wanted. 13 The young man stumbled among them and they clung to his clothes, their voices struck him like hail, and he cried that he was only a child. He fled till he knew they would not vanish, then he lay, whispering their questions, tasting them warily, as though he had learnt how to sip poison; it flamed gently in his veins, and he knew the gaiety of those that need no sunlight and can no longer die. Louis Grudin 14 SOME COMMONPLACES ON THE DANCE I THE BALLET AND THE ANTIQUE DANCE The position to which the classic ballet has been relegated by public opinion for the last fifteen years is such that any discussion of the subject is apt to resemble a trial by jury, with the partisan of the ballet in the role of attorney for the defence. This being the case, I take the witness stand with alacrity and shall restrict myself simply to refuting some of the arguments of my adversaries. The supreme argument triumphantly hurled in the teeth of the devotee of the ballet is the example of the ancients. It is one of the confirmed habits of our civilization when seeking a renewal either of inspiration or execution to turn towards Ancient Greece."It was thus in Greek times" has become a phrase to conjure with — and this in spite of our freedom from all aesthetic dogma and our revolt against the categorical imperative of the laws governing creative effort. The actual reformers of the dance invoke the Hellenic tradition with profound conviction. For example Isadora Duncan dancing before the camera in the ff orchestra" of the deserted theatre of Dyonisios, and studying antique monuments in the Museums! Or Fokine the famous Russian maitre de ballet, composer of Narcisse, Daphriis arid Chlo 'e, and the dances for Gluck's Orpheus; and did I not one hear a savant partisan of Jacques Dalcroze honor his method with the name of Rhythmic orchestic? In reality nothing could be more arbitrary or more paradoxical than this constant opposing of the antique orchestic to our ballet. True, during three centuries numerous attempts to reconstitute the antique dance from literary sources have failed lamentably. Monsieur Maurice Emmanuel alone, in his remarkable book, succeeded in giving a plausible and precise idea of the mysterious orchestic of the Greeks, by juxtaposing reproductions of 600 friezes and monuments illustrating the Greek dance with photographs of the movements of the contemporary ballet. A few conclusive examples will suffice to prove the analogy between the classic ballet and the orchestic dance and to eliminate certain pre- 15 judices which tend to distort the facts. A great number of poses and steps (and the monuments analysed by Emmanuel prove this) constitute a common foundation for the two styles — ballet and orchestic. I will mention only the attitudes, the battemerits, the jetes, the glisses, even the rf entre chat"and the famous fouette, considered by some detractors to be a lucu - bration of the late nineteenth century. The antique dance practised leaps and cabrioles as well as the steps which do not leave the ground. Certain steps were executed on the flat foot, others on the half toe and still others, contrary to the general opinion, on the toe. This latter performance of the Greek orchestic was only attained by the ballet one century ago. The naive idea that "bare feet" constituted an essential element of Greek dancing comes from the conventionalized method of representation employed by Greek sculptors and decorators. The ordinary shoe of the Greek dancer, the crepide with flexible sole, appears to have been much like our ballet slipper. The insistence upon nudity, as well as upon the use of the short tunic has been "made up out of whole cloth" by the popularized Hellenism of today. As a matter of fact the antique dance made much of the play of complicated draperies. At the base of the mechanical and decorative structure of the ballet is the principle, (formulated for the first time by Jean Georges Noverre, developed by Carlo Blasis and later by Del Sarte) of opposition of the different parts of the body (the right arm balancing the left leg etc.) which gives the maximum of stability and harmony. The same principle is found in many statues of the antique dance. This brief summary leads us to infer that there was not merely a fortuitous resemblance but a fundamental affinity between the technique of the ballet and the methods of the antique dance. The Greek dance was not, as we are too apt to believe, a mere variant of habitual and ordinary movements; it was on the contrary the result of a conscious and complicated technique and was, like every real art expression, artificial. That which absolutely fixes the boundaries of the two domains is the role played by the arms. It goes without saying that in the poses and steps where the movements of the arms and legs balance according to the law of opposition the analogy remains. Otherwise the position of the arms in ballet dancing is determined by fixed decorative rules, — always conserving a beautiful unity of line. Thus the position of the hand is subordinated to that of the arm; even the fingers are restricted to a few combinations. And though our ballet includes an expressive pantomime, 16 this only alternates with the pure dance and never encroaches upon its essential unity. The antique dance on the other hand, was dualistic. The legs danced, the arms talked; the dancer was also a chirosopher. The decorative position of the arms was replaced by the significant gesture. The gesture had to be able to say everything and"to say everything in the clearest possible manner." The expressive faculties of the arm were possibilities which were meticulously studied: the hand, free, moved independently; each finger had its role; one part of "the language of the hands" (chironomy) was the "language of the fingers" (dactylology). Thus dance and pantomime formed in Greek times a complete ensemble, while the dance of the ballet is limited by fixed gymnastic formulae and alternates with the pantomime. Here are in short the similarities between the Greek dance and the ballet. The technique of the ballet creates a system of artificial movement, whose smallest details are foreordained, prescribing the amplitude of the various movements within definite limits, subject to its inherent logic and acting upon the "plane" of pure form, without paying attention to the specific emotions of pantomime. Its mechanical and decorative canons are inalterable; it has evolved through two centuries of uninterrupted tradi - tion. The antique dance does not present such homogeneity, the intrinsic law of the dance is less evident. The Greek dance formed, above all, the gymnastic and rhythmic basis of the pantomime. The ballet on the con - trary, is pure dance and its spiritual content is expressed through the inter - play of balanced lines and masses. My reason for insisting upon the parallel between the two styles is that many elements which our reformers seek in the antique dance are already present and harmoniously developed in the ballet dance. Emmanuel's book, which is a source of authentic information, deals only » with the gymnastic side, the pure dance of the orchestic. The expressive side, the pantomime of this art, is not even touched upon in his work. Let us see how this pantomime was produced. Was it a free impro - visation springing from the legendary joie de vivre of the ancient Greek, the expression of his sensibility, a sort of choreographic impressionism? We might think so if we heeded certain propogandists of the "Greek revival." Our literary documents alone suffice to prove the contrary. True I am but a mediocre humanist and can make no pretence at paleography. Moreover the existent texts, the collection of which was begun in the 16th century, are fragmentary. The sole evidence belonging to the classic period, the treatise on the dance by Aristoxenes, the illustrious theorist of Jason and Medea Engraving by J. Boydell, 1781 Mile. Puvigné, La Statue dans Pygmalion Boquet &lt;18 th. Century&gt; 2 17 rhythm, is lost; and the exact significance of the orchestic terminology is far from proven. But the little we actually know permits us to affirm that nothing in the Greek orchestics was left to chance or to the incoherent inspiration of the executant. Movement and gesture were restricted by severe rules, unchangeable as a liturgical ceremony. It was an extraordinary language of forms, hieratic like all the Greek dramas and very probably incom - prehensible to the uninitiated. And, it is not without reason that Atheneus, encyclopedist of the Roman epoch glorified in the person of Aeschylus, the austere warrior of Marathon, not only the great poet but also the inventor of several new choreographic formulae (schemata.) It follows that if the sublime spirit of the antique orchestics still exists anywhere it is in the forms of our classic ballet. There we find if not the direct continuation of the Greek dance, at least its aesthetic equi - valent, a method born of the same preoccupations, subordinating the dancer to the law of mobile forms while freeing him from the anarchic fantasies of his personal sensibility. It is high time that the prejudices which range the antique Hellede upon the side of the Duncans and the Dalcrozes in their combat against the art of the ballet, be eliminated, for it is a presumption founded upon a misconception. II THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE DANCE Taken in a general sense, the effort of the supposed reformers of the dance — be they named Fokine or Duncan — is above all an attempt to base the dance upon a rational or psychological foundation. One cannot move without reason; in order to hold interest the dance must have a subject. Thus philosophical rationalism being already "dead and buried" some artists advance a sophomoric rationalism, a teleology which very nearly approaches an utilitarian conception of the dance — the freeing of the body from the limitations of a style, from the immorality of unnatural conventions, and Heaven knows what other humanitarian and pedagogical nonsense! They would have the dance express definite emotions, be determined by rational motives. But what precise emotion does the overture to the "Magic Flute" express? What plausible subject inspired the trills from the "Queen of Night?" Why did El Greco exaggerate the length of limb in his saints and martyrs? Of what use are the fugues of Bach? 18 The apparent irrationality of the ballet, the absence of a passable bridge between the abstract spirit of its form and the superficial phenomena of our emotional life, aroused a profound distrust of the "dance for its own sake" in half cultured renovators, and orientated them toward pan - tomime, archeology, and folk dancing. They would sacrifice everything to a psychological realism, to an exact and intense evocation of the passions. They envy the drama where everything is motivated. They seek the com - prehensible, the explicable, the truth that can be proven; and they ask perplexedly. "What sense is there in spinning like a top?" Naturalism having exhausted literature, seized upon the art of the comedian; now that the comedy has thrown it off, it menaces the ballet. The old doctrine — "Life is the law of art" —is again being preached to us. Let us consider it. Life is the raw material out of which art is made, but does this material (whether it be marble or the human body) contain within itself the law of creation? "The most important problem of architecture" — says Salomon Reinach in his splendid book, — "is the victory over the suggestions of its medium." What is then the aesthetic nature of the classic ballet? It is not easy to define, but the ancient sage frankly acknowledged that it was "difficult to define beauty." It is easy to describe the technique, the gymnastics of the ballet dance, but who would think of establishing for each movement a corresponding psychological idea? The ballet dance, as we have already said, is not deter - mined by any exterior motive. It includes its own law, its own logic and any departure from that logic, pertaining to a body moving in space with the aim of creating beauty by organized dynamism, is perfectly apparent to the spectator. One of the fundamentals of the ballet dance is equilibrium, the search for absolute balance. Hence the shape of the ballet slipper — flat sole and reinforced toe. "It is then the simple and irritating necessity of furnishing a balancing point for the ballerina which determines the shape of this shoe which you extol!" — jeer my adversaries. I find this necessity neither simple nor irritating. All architectural art is founded upon necessities just as simple. What is a buttress if not a force counterbalancing the pressure of the arch? What is a colonnade but a system of pillars supporting the weight of the cross beams? In so far as it is possible to compare movement with immobility we find many points of analogy between architecture and the ballet. Like architecture the ballet is an emanation of geometrical and spatial con - ceptions. It is a Raum Kunst — "The art of space," as the Germans call 2* 19 the arrangement of architectural interiors. It reduces its splendid and vibrant instrument — the human body — to its tectonic not plastic elements. For the plastic volume is autonomous, limited by the form. The framework of the dance is like the draft of a temple formed by lines — lines which are often ideally prolonged in space. This is why classic choreography can disregard certain plastic peculiarities of the human body which would break its unity of line. Thus the leg of the ballerina with instep thrown out and toes rigid creates a vertical line of incomparable purity from which radiates a char - ming and delicate play of curved lines. In this position the shape of the leg, subordinate to the single movement of the whole body, loses its individual character and becomes conventionalized or generalized. "You would like to synthesize the dance then, but that is the opposite of art; you would achieve a dull uniformity; you would suppress creative development by doing away with individuality" and my adversaries would demand individual rights for each toe and finger, and tear the rose satin of Cinderella's slipper and the silken threads of her fleshings (for generally the first gesture of the modern dancer is to discard fleshings.) Every artist, painter or sculptor begins with what is individual and works toward the typical, eliminating accidental and emphasizing essential elements. Creation is a constant deformation of empiric reality, a progress toward a superior reality, de realibus ad realiora. The path of the artist leads always from the concrete to the symbolic. Who dares criticize the spirit of uniform synthesis found in Egyptian sculpture, in the Byzantine mosaics of Ravenna or the primitive Siennese frescoes? Decidedly all these rebellions against the conventional formulae of the ballet must be relegated to the garret along with old fashioned naturalist methods. There is nothing more unnatural than the fundamental position of the ballet technique, the feet turned directly outwards, but the result of this habit achieved by years of gymnastic training is not only a balance which surmounts all difficulties but also an extraordinary amplitude of movement. Thus the moving leg can be raised until it forms an obtuse angle with the pivot leg without upsetting the centre of gravity. Natural movement acts upon a limited plane while the ballet dancer can move with equal freedom in all directions. Under the old regime with its great formal culture, a close relation existed between the theatrical dance and the dances of Court and Society. But with the decline of mondaine choreographic education not only the 20 theatrical dance but even its elementary position became impossible for the non professional. As it was more and more monopolized by professional artists the artificial character of the dance became increasingly pronounced and at the same time more spiritualized. The idealistic cult of the toe dance and the elevation, which determined the forms of our contemporary ballet made its first appearance in the beginning of the nineteenth century. Noverre, the "Shakespeare of the dance," in the eighteenth century knew nothing of the whirling movements on the toe nor of balance prolonged in the attitudes. This is not the first time that a crisis has occured in the development of the ballet. They recur periodically and their usual symptom is the predominance of pantomime. In the middle of the eighteenth century there was the rationalist crisis; in the beginning of the nineteenth the romantic crisis. Both menaced the ballet but it survived them enriched by new resources. The evolution of its technique has continued uninterruptedly. The different centuries through which the ballet has passed have left their impression upon its scenic arrangement. The libretto of 1830 is still its model and through this romantic veneer we catch glimpses of rococo affectations, the pompous alle - gories of the French Baroque. These echoes of the past may charm us — memories light as the pollen of flowers upon a butterfly's wing. But the living spirit of the ballet is not in these seductive futilities. She is not a marquise in powder and patches! Today the ballet is passing through a third crisis. I do not know if it will prove as fecund as the other two, but I doubt not that the ballet will rise like the Phoenix from its ashes. It will adopt more profound modern theatrical conceptions. It will create for itself a new pictorial or architectural milieu. All the fortuitous elements, ephemeral and extraneous, which hide its true essence will fall by their own weight. In this "twilight of the false gods" of dilettantism, of eclecticism, which would transform the dance into an ethnological or archeological exhibition, the classic ballet shines forth in all its splendor. For it presents unlimited plastic and dynamic possibilities. We have seen how the establishment of an artificial equilibrium multiplies these possibilities. Doubtless the number of fundamental movements is limited, like the colors of the spectrum visible to the human eye, or the sounds perceptible to human hearing; but the multitude of possible combinations, shades and variations, passes all imagi - nation. It is only to the uneducated eye inapt to observe subtilities that 21 the ballet appears monotonous, as is the measured verse of the poet to the uncultured ear. These assertions are supported by incontestable evidence. And now the reformers admit the ballet scoffed at during a quarter of a century by the elite as well as the common herd, but they admit it only to combat it the better. Slily they try to crush it beneath their respect and relegate it to the museum. ff Very well," they say, ff but can we attempt nothing new? Do you insist upon the monopoly of the dance by the ballet? 1 ' And what if I do? Frankly these questions seem to me suspicious. Why should one so earnestly seek what one has already found.? Why should one replace a thing which one publicly approves? Two formidable armies are leagued against the ballet — those who do not see and prefer to touch, to hear, to feel, and those who could not if they would. But the classic ballet strong in its tradition in accordance with the spirit of order and discipline which animates the elite of today, will triumph over this conspiracy of the blind and the paralytic, which I shall never cease to denounce. May these few lines aid her triumph! Andre Levinson (translated from the French by K. C.) 22 THE COSMIC THEATRE "Bring the Edam cheese now," called Mr. vom Treckenbrock at the disappearing back of the servant. At this Justina, the spouse of Mr. vom Treckenbrock saw fit to remark: "I find the Edam cheese quite revolting today; I can't stand it. My dear Justus, can you not forego the cheese this time, and suffer it to remain in the kitchen?" "But my dear Justina," asserted Justus very roundly, ff l have never seen you show such antipathy to Edam cheese before; I can't understand you. Frederick do bring the Edam cheese." And Frederick brought in, upon a big dark blue plate, the big round carmine-red cheese. Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock took the long wide carving knife and was just about to cut the Edam cheese squarely through the middle, when his wife Justina cried out in fear: "Justus, dear Justus. Don't do it! Don't cut it! I can't bear it today; I fear that some disaster will befall us, if you do it today." Struck by this, Justus remained silent for a moment and regarded his wife strangely. Finally he said in a measured voice: "Then I must beg you to give me an explanation of all this. It passes beyond my understanding why I should not cut up my round little Edam cheese." Justina replied: "The round red ball that lies before you on the dark blue plate, reminds me of so many things which move me strangely. To me the round cheese seems just like a great drop of blood. You have always said that in our tiny world the smallest things lead to the greatest con - sequences, and vice versa. Like the astrologers, you have always believed that the planets of our solar system exert a powerful influence upon the lives of men. The sun itself and our moon undoubtedly play a great role in our life. And so I feel that even the smallest things — such as this Edam cheese — can alter our destinies fatally. It is not merely the Edam cheese; but I feel somehow that the Edam cheese will have some effect upon the play which you are to present to us tonight." "Fine!" said Justus, "if you believe that even the tiniest things and the most casual actions can endanger a whole life, I should be the last one to 23 oppose you — for it is all undoubtedly true. Nay, Igo further. I believe that the life of a man can become dangerous to a colossal star. I am ready, then, to send the nice Edam cheese back to the kitchen and continue our play without any Edam." ff ßut, no!" cried Justina, tf l must beg you also to give up the play tor tonight." Mr. vom Treckenbrock, however, had invited six guests, who had come purely to see the cosmic drama; he replied in a rather harsh voice, his face becoming quite red: ff My dear Justina, you cannot very well ask such a thing of me. If it is impossible for you to attend the performance, you can easily leave the room while it is going on. I was not brought into this world to treat your most unfounded misgivings with the tenderest regard." ff You have no regard for anybody," retorted Justina vehemently. It is precisely your complete indifference to everyone and everything that makes me so unhappy, that makes me feel that sometime they will be just as indifferent about us." Then the guests spoke soothing words. But nothing helped. Justina only became the more aroused. She spoke decisively and in a rather loud voice: ff You-do not know my husband. You do not know how violent and ill-tempered he is — how he always expresses himself in the crudest speech of the common people — how he hates the common people — how he wishes them the most horrible end — how he prizes the old Mithra legend in which the ignorant and witless are tortured to death. Do you think that these cruel and callous words will have no rebound upon him? We can never know what will happen. But we should fear for what may happen. Boastful domineering men always come to some unhappy end. We must be more tolerant about that which we cannot bear: we must realize that we are not the masters of our destinies." Justus wanted to interrupt his wife, but she kept on with her hand upraised and even more animatedly: "Why does my husband always prate of the countless relationships between stars and men? Why does he say that the each is bound up in the all, when he seeks merely to tear oil the threads which bind him to the rest of mankind. There is something illogical about all this. How often we have spoken of the inner relationships of all things and all forms of life — especially, how one word could release a whole procession of images and associations of thought — and how 24 accordingly one single thoughtless act — such as the cutting of an Edam cheese — could unloose a whole succession of dreadful catastrophes." tf My dear wife," cried Justus laughing, "of course anything may come to pass. Certainly. By all means. That is, however, the big thing in life: that something unexpected is always liable to happen. If we knew everything beforehand, the future would have no charm for us. If we knew what would become of us after death, death would no longer be so impressive. And it is precisely its impressiveness that counts with us." He was silent, but his wife was not; she resumed bitterly: "You overlook what is essential. I feel that an art which addresses itself only to a few and not to many, is something barbarous. Understand me, bar - barous. It is just those people who try to pass for superior or extremely cultured persons by avoiding all contact with simple people, who are to my mind nothing but plain blockheads. Every fresh outburst of rage, my dear Justus, has its echo. And you rage against the ignorant, who, you are firmly convinced, can not understand your cosmic drama. You will be punished for this hatred. That is why I fear something will happen tonight if you present your cosmic drama before only seven or eight people. Why didn't you invite more guests?" I do not throw my pearls to swine," retorted Mr. vom Treckenbrock coldly. His spouse rose from her chair and answered scornfully: "I never bade you to invite such animals. But I see that all argument is fruitless. You will maintain your obstinacy and indifference at all costs. I shall no longer try to oppose you. Come what will. If the knife cuts the Edam cheese — or if something similar takes place in the Andromeda Nebulus — remember what I said! Think of me! We shall see each other again perhaps — under other circumstances." She bowed and, gathering up her rustling train, forsook the room swiftly, swiftly. Mr. vom Treckenbrock looked at his guests, laughed, and then said softly: "My wife seems to be very nervous. Please be so good as to pardon her." These words spoken, he cut with one broad motion of his carving knife the whole red Edam cheese in two halves, so that the two slices glowed warmly upon the blue plate against the red crust of the cheese. This was in December of the year 1885. In the month of August a great star of the sixth magnitude had suddenly flared up in the Andromeda Nebulus, which had grown verv much smaller bv the beginning of December. 25 Astronomers had interpreted the sudden appearance of this great luminary as a token of the doom of a whole astral system. Mr. vom Treckenbrock however, who had built an astronomical theatre in his castle in the Tyrol, did not at all accept this theory, and so he invited six friends to a performance entitled: ff An End-of-the-World with a Surprise." After the cutting of the Edam cheese the wide black silk curtains which covered one whole wall of the dining room rolled back and the seven gentlemen suddenly found themselves staring into universal space. The servants handed the guests opera-glasses and they all gaped at the count - less stars. ff Gentlemen, you are now beholding the Andromeda Nebulus. I have brought this highly interesting nebulus a few billion miles nearer to you. The nebulus is of course no nebulus at all; it consists of millions and millions of stars like our Milky Way, and is lentil-shaped. But you are now so near this astral system that you can no longer perceive its shape. The stars that you are able to see compose only a small part of the whole system — this very system in which we discovered last August the new star of the sixth magnitude. Scientists are of the opinion that the sudden appearance of this new orb can be ascribed to the collision of two suns; according to their view we have witnessed the destruction of a whole solar system in the Andromeda Nebulus. According to science, the great stars of the universe are clumsy beasts who are afraid to come too near each other; as soon as they get too near, they recoil violently, and crowding and bumping into each other are immediately transformed into smoke, steam and gas, out of which a great mass of light appears. To my mind, the stars are by no means such clumsy stupid beasts as our earthly scholars would have them; they are of course creatures who think differently from human beings, and are not stupider, but somewhat cleverer — in fact so clever that we can never quite grasp them with our cumbersome systems of reasoning. One thing is certain to me, however: the stars can't be so foolish as to fall apart and be turned into mere atoms. Our conception of magnetic power in order to be applied to cosmic phenomena must undergo a considerable revision. The stars in our solar system, for instance, are so placed that (hey keep at a given distance from each other which does not permit of too great proximity. So with the cosmos. Look again, gentlemen, at your ease, at those parts of the Andromeda Nebulus which lie within your ken." This the six gentlemen did with alacrity. They saw also, that very few of the stars were spherical; most of the 26 stars had long quivering snouts that seemed to go sniffing about in all directions. And then there were stars that looked just like long telescopes, and could in turn lengthen and shorten themselves. Other stars were shaped like crystals, and others again looked like lop-sided punctured toy balloons. The small creatures who lived on the outer crusts of the stars could not be distinguished. The remarkably varied colors of the stars called forth repeated ap - plause. There were stars that glittered with all the colors of the rainbow. Then there appeared many cones of light which would suddenly shoot out like reflectors and illuminate their surroundings as with the light of day, so that the innumerable littler stars which spread out like vast swarms of gnats became visible. Such reflectors also made larger pear-shaped and spherical stars visible. And these larger stars were almost completely dark. "Behold, gentlemen," cried Mr. vom Treckenbrock excitedly, "the dark ball shaped star which becomes visible above and to the right of the three cylindrical stars. Do you observe how it has a dark red color which distantly resembles that of the Edam cheese. It approaches slowly. You will soon observe how it grows larger and larger with every vibration of light." And then a comet became visible to the left, which in a few seconds developed six beautifully formed comet-trains; the whole comet moved with extraordinary rapidity from left to right. "Will you please tell us, Mr. vom Treckenbrock, whether the stars are not moved by little strings," called out one of the guests. "How did you concoct the whole business? It is certainly very interesting technically." "In this theatre," replied Mr. vom Treckenbrock laughing, "every - thing is designed to maintain the illusion perfectly. If I should reveal to you with what delicacy each star is directed by my mechanics, the illusion would be lost for you, You should simply assume that all of the stars perform upon my stage exactly as they do in the heavens." New comets began to appear thick and fast upon the left — and these comets were all of different shapes, many of them having, instead of tails, great refulgent bladders. The comets passed off at the same pace with which they had entered. "You must keep in mind however," said the Inventor of the Cosmic Theatre, "that each second of your life is as long as a thousand years — for the life of a great astral system does not pass as rapidly as it seems 27 to in my theatre. Perhaps my guests will do me the kindness to approach close to the rail, so that they can gaze into the depths, for my theatre of course has no stage-floor like the theatre of other mortals." Everybody came forward; they pushed their chairs up to the parapet and looked down into the depths of universal space and were quite ravished with the infinite colors and forms which the stars radiated all about. And now there rose slowly out of the deep an orbicular comet; the orb turned round and was all snow-white, and from its surface brilliant rays shot out in a fine spray and vibrated like waves of radium light. In the meantime, the great red star moved slowly up from the right and became larger and larger, so that its crimson outer crust could be distinguished quite clearly, it had many strange lines, which traversed the whole whirling body like mountain chains. The lines became clearer and clearer and were of a deep red color. "And remember," said Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock, "that according to the view of my wife, I should make this miraculous cosmic theatre accessible to a larger public. It is true that I am often transported with rage when I think upon all the human stupidity and ignorance which engulfs us. Of course, it is not difficult to follow such a play with perfect ease and pleasure. But I urge you, my friends, not to forget that the astronomers of our time are as yet unwilling to accept such presentations. Do you think then that the simple peasant would receive them better? Or do you think that the ordinary frequenter of our metropolitan theatres would pay any attention to such a drama of world catastrophes. The average theatre lover would probably ask me: But wh£re is the conflict? How about the hero? And if I answered: But wait a moment; the great spherical comet will soon grapple in conflict with the round red Edam cheese — then they would . . . ." At these words the spherical comet moved close to the dark red star and with a frightful stroke cut it — just as the knife had cut the Edam Cheese — into two even halves. The guests sprang up dismayed, but out of the interior of the red ball - shaped star came the great surprise: innumerable little stars glittering like diamonds burst into fiery pyrotechnics and then dispersed falling splendidly in all directions. The spherical comet, whirling, climbed hastily upwards, while the two glowing crimson halves of the round red star sank into the deep, like empty shells. Then in the neighbouring room a fearful crash was heard, and im - mediately after a pealing scream of pain. 28 A servant burst into the dining room and stuttered "Madam is — Madam is —!" "What has happened?" bellowed the lord of the house grabbing a chair, as if he meant to throw it at the head of the servant. But the servant ran out still yelling as if possessed: "A disaster! a misfortune!" And now the guests of Mr. vom Treckenbrock recalled how Mrs. vom Treckenbrock in leaving had said: "Think of me, if the knife cuts the Edam cheese or if something of a like nature takes place in the Andromeda Nebulus." And all thinking of this simultaneously the six leaped to their feet as one man and ran after the howling servant. Mr. vom Treckenbrock kept on looking at the scintillating play of colors that had spilled out of the round crimson star, and said in a loud masterful voice: "Look, gentlemen, it is the end of a world — but one accompanied by a surprise. There is nothing destroyed. Nothing at all. This stroke brought but liberation for the round star, which held hidden and sheltered in its belly billions of new worlds, which having been sheltered long enough can enter into the vast free spaces of the universe. We have witnessed a moment of liberation in this world-catastrophe. And thus we can interpret the appearance of the star in August 1885 as the birth of billions of new worlds — nothing is destroyed, nothing perishes. In the life of the cosmos the destruction of matter is unknown — that is . . .' He turned proudly and saw . . . that he was alone. He lifted his eyebrows and suddenly recalled the crash, the scream of pain, and the ill-behaved servant who had dared to interrupt the presenta - tion of a spendid world-end. Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock let his head sink to his chest and stood quite still. Then the servant came again and said with correct demeanour: "I should like to know, sir, c whether you wish to come to madam." They went into the boudoir of the lady. Justina lay upon the divan and whimpered; the heavy wash bowl had slipped out of her hand and fallen on her left foot. One of the six guests who happened to be a physician was bandaging her foot. When Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock seized all this, he began to laugh like a madman and could hardly contain himself. The six guests did not know what to make of the whole matter. 29 Justina continued to whimper and than said with a sigh: ff l have no worlds in me." Justus stopped laughing; he said angrily: "My dear Justina, your poor foot will soon get better. And rest assured: you are not the only one who has no worlds in himself. Your heavy wash bowel also had no worlds in it — merely water — dirty water. The whole room is full of water. But I am full of anger. I can scarcely believe that anyone should ever dare to interrupt me so. Your forebodings were quite justified: I have suffered a monstrous vexation." Just then voices cried out loudly: "Fire! Fire!" In the machine room of the cosmic theatre fire had broken out. Two hours later the whole cosmic theatre and the dining-room had burnt to mere ashes. Mr. vom Treckenbrock promised his spouse a few months later to build the Cosmic Theatre for a great public in Munich. They traveled to Munich and the great theatre was to be built. But then Mr. vom Treckenbrock repented of the whole business, and he declared to his wife one evening that his new theatre would be built to contain only ten persons. Just as he had uttered these words the servant entered again with an Edam cheese; Justina looked at the servant with such dread that he let the plate with the cheese fall to the floor. At the same instant Justina fell forward with her head upon the table. A doctor was called immediately, and he announced after a brief examination that a stroke of the heart had brought the life of Mrs. vom Treckenbrock to its end. Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock soon left Munich and went abroad. But he returned within the year and not far north of Munich by the banks of the Isar and near the Grunewald castle had a new laboratory built — for his cosmic theatre of the Future. This time however he arranged the heavenly bodies in such different sizes that all of his time was taken up and he could scarcely think of holding a public performance. Mr. vom Treckenbrock was so completely overwhelmed by the preliminary labors that he entirely lost sight of their goal. The old gentleman still lives near Grunewald castle, and is accessible to nobody; only when he travels away to buy some new chemical can one 30 enter his great laboratories by bribing the butler and behold the most remarkable of heavenly bodies. Indeed, they all lie about in such great disorder, covered with so many layers of dust, that it is hard to conceive how any presentation can be given in a cosmic theatre with these out - landish orbs. The butler, who does a rather good business in this way, assures each visitor that Mr. vom Treckenbrock will soon build the cosmic theatre. But it is already ten years that the butler has been assuring people of this, with the same earnest butler's mien. His earnestness earns the man much money. Paul Scheerbart (Translated from the German by Matthew Josephson) 31 NOTATIONS FROM A MUSIC MASTER'S ROLL-BOOK FLY-LEAF Uplifted faces of slim, laughing girls — fleeting as wild roses on a hedge. ESTHER CAIN Professor Vale and Doctor Gray, Dean Cartright and Tutor Waite: Running river, do you heed them, — these old snags that break your speeding into foam? Better snap them, take them with you to the sea! SUE KITTREL Rutledge, Ravenal and Rhett: Flowered names, often on your lips, with Chaucerian tricks of speech, something Charleston lends — . . your playing peeps out from the silence half heard, as one half sees, painted silken ladies in a folded fan. 32 ALINE CARTER The dark stream of the world's sorrow threads its way downward, seeking — seeking a channel for its wide singing. A thousand faces, row on row, like terraced silly blossoms, fluttering pink and white, while Beethoven's tortured questions shout at God. Why do you shrink as from a shameful thing? Why do you fumble programs? The dark stream of the world's sorrow threads downward, breaking a channel for its wide singing. MARY LARKIN . . . bread and butter manners manners like your father's smoothly buttered sermons. Is this your writing, girl? — the jig-step of your thought? Now I know your mind races at night over the tiles, the green-eyed cat I always thought it was. Marie Taglioni dancing a Pas-de-quatre Old Lithograph 1845 Fanny Elsler Lithograph by G. Leybold &lt;1840&gt; 3 33 LOUISE TRAYLOR The supercilious dean makes sad eyebrows at the mention of your name. Ladies, in Sunday taffetas, creak with sighs, as your car, orange pennants on the back, and five co-eds 011 the running board, roars out the Camden road. But I have heard adagios singing under your hands, and mighty allegros running like chariot horses before the whip-lasli of your thin brown arms. O chilly-fingered, school-girl crew — can you know the Valkyr cry, Walhalla bound? CARRIE DYER You wait with such slow patience some magic from my lips io make you play like other girls. Good biscuit-making fingers, how shall they learn the subtlety and indirection of this little compliment Chopin paid the Countess? — 34 or know the laughter, the tears and kisses, the gesture of youth in the stark face of Death as the Polish exquisite danced toward Pere la Chaise? EDNA BENTLEY You have the line of cheek and chin and dark fanatic eyes one sees so often in the quaintly drawn mediaeval heads. They lived in little cities walled from the wilderness; knew God and the saints through the hard speech of Dante or Savanarola's threats. You live, walled tight, in Orangeburg; know God from the harsh echoes of outworn creeds — burnt cinders of Savanarola's fire, back wash from Dante's hell. Outside, God walks with man, — You still pile bricks along your walls. Henry Bellamann 35 THE LAY OF MALDOROR SIXTH CANTO The shops of the rue Vivienne spread their riches to mar - velling eyes. Lit by many gas jets the mahogany coffers and gold watches shed streams of dazzling light through the windows. The clock of the Bourse has struck eight, it is not late. Hardly has the gong struck for the last time, when the street, whose name has been given, begins to tremble and shake its foundations from the Place Royale to the boulevard Montmartre. Pedestrians quicken their steps and pensively withdraw into their houses. A woman faints and falls to the asphalt. No one picks her up; each hastens to remove himself from the vicinity. The shutters bang to hurriedly and the inhabitants bury themselves under the blankets. One would think the bubonic plague had revealed itself. Thus, while the greater part of the city prefers to swim in the delights of nocturnal rejoicings, the rue Vivienne suddenly finds itself frozen into a sort of petrifaction. Like a heart that has stopped loving, its life is extinct. But soon the news of the phenomenon spreads into other layers of the population, and a dead silence hovers above the sacred capital. Where have the gas jets gone? What has become of the chafferers of love? Nothing . . . solitude and darkness. A screech owl flying in a direct line and with a broken leg passes above the Madeleine and takes its flight to the barrier of the Throne, crying out: "Some evil will happen." But in the region which my pen (this true friend who is a veritable accomplice of mine) has just made mysterious you will see a person show his silhouette if you look in the direction where the rue Colbert enters the rue Vivienne in the angle made by the meeting of these two ways, and lightly walk towards the boule - vards. But should one approach more nearly, in such wise as 3 s 36 not to draw upon himself the attention of the wayfarer, it will be seen with an agreeable astonishment that he is young. From a distance one would have taken him for a man of ripe age. The sum of a man's days and years counts nothing when it is a question of measuring the intellectual capacity of a serious face. I can read from the physiognomical lines of the brow; he is sixteen years and four months! He is as lovely as the retractility of a bird of prey's claws; or again, as the instability of muscular movement in wounds of the flabby parts of the posterior cervical region; or rather like the perpetual rat-trap which is always stretched again by the captured animal, and which alone can catch rodents indefinitely and can even work hidden under straw; and above all, like the fortuitous encounter on a dissecting table of a sewing machine and an umbrella! Mervyn that son of pale England has just had a fencing lesson from his tutor and he hopes to arrive home at nine; it is an enormous presumption in him to think he knows the future with certitude. What unforeseen ob - stacle may not delay him on his way? Mervyn does not know why his temporal arteries throb so strongly, and he hastens his step, ob - sessed by a terror of which he and you vainly seek the cause. One must grant him his determination to discover the enigma. Why does he not turn around? He would understand everything. Does one ever think of the simple method of putting an end to a condition of alarm? When an apache crosses a suburban road, a bottle of wine in his gullet and his blouse in shreds, if in some corner of a fence he sees a muscular old cat, contemporary of the revo - lutions in which our grandfathers took part, contemplating with melancholy the moon's rays as they fall upon the sleeping plain; he approaches tortuously in a curved line and gives a sign to a knock-kneed dog who rushes off. The noble animal of the feline race awaits its adversary courageously, and defends its life dearly. Tomorrow some ragpicker will buy an electrifiable pelt. Why did he not fly then? It was so easy. But in the predicament which interests us now, Mervyn further complicates the clanger by 37 his own ignorance. He had, to be sure, certain very rare fore - bodings, whose vagueness I shall not stop to explain here. He is no prophet, I daresay; nor does he recognize any such faculty in himself. Having arrived at the great artery, he turns to the right and crosses the boulevard Poissoniere and the boulevard Bonnes Nouvelles. At this point of his road, he advances into the rue du Faubourg Saint-Denis, leaves behind him the terminus of the Strasbourg railway, and stops before a lofty portal, immediately before reaching the almost perpendicular superposition of the rue Lafayette. Since you advise me to end the first strophe here, this , time lam very willing to comply with your desire. Do you know that when I think of the iron ring hidden beneath the stone by a maniac's hand, an uncontrollable shudder passes through my hair. He pulls the copper bell, and the gate of the modern mansion turns on its hinges. He strides through the courtyard and mounts the eight steps of the flight. The two statues situated to the right and left as guardians of the aristocratic villa do not bar his passage. He who has abjured everything, father, mother, Providence, love, the ideal, in order to think only of himself, has taken care not to follow the preceding footsteps. He saw him enter a spacious drawing-room with cornaline panelling on the ground floor. The aristocratic boy throws himself upon a sofa and emotion prevents him from speaking. His mother with long and trailing robe, anxiously tends him and clasps him in her arms. His brothers, younger than himself, group themselves round the burdened piece of furniture; they do not know life sufficiently to clearly com - prehend what is happening. Finally the father lifts his cane and throws an authoritative glance upon the onlookers. Pressing his wrist on the arm of his chair, he leaves his usual seat and advances with alarm, though enfeebled by years, towards the motionless body of his first born. He speaks in a strange language and all listen with respectful silence: ff Who has put my son into this state? The foggy Thames will sweep down a great quantity of mud before 38 my strength is completely exhausted. Defensive laws do not appear to exist in this inhospitable country. If I knew who was guilty he would feel the weight of my arm. Although I have retired remote from naval battles, my commodore's sword, hanging upon the wall, is not yet rusted. For the rest, it is easy to sharpen it up: Mervyn be at ease; I will give instructions to the servants, to look out for the track of him whom henceforth, I shall seek to destroy with my own hand. Wife, take yourself from there and go and squat in a corner; your tears unman me and you would do better to close the conduits of your lachrymal glands. My son I beg you, come to your senses and recognise your family; it is your father speaks to you . . The mother held herself at a distance and to obey the order of her lord, she has taken a book in her hands and tries to remain quiet in face of the danger run by him whom her womb engen - dered. Children, go and play in the park, and take care, in admiring the swimming of the swans, not to fall into the lake . . The brothers, heads hanging, were mute; all, their bonnets topped with a feather torn from the wing of the Caroline goat sucker, with breeches of velvet, stopping at the knees, and red silk stockings, took each other by the hand, withdrew from the drawing-room taking care to press the ebony floor only with their toes. I am sure they did not enjoy themselves, and that they walked gravely in the alleys of plane-trees. Their minds were precocious. So much the better for them. Futile ministrations, I rock you in my arms and you are insensible to my prayers. Won't you lift your head? I will embrace your knees, if necessary. But no .. . she falls back inert. My sweet lord, if you will permit your slave, I will go to my room to look for a phial filled with spirits of turpentine which I always use when headache invades my temples on returning from the theatre, or when reading some moving story, recorded in the British annals of the chivalrous history of our ancestors, my pensive thoughts are cast, into the bogs of drowsiness." 39 'Wife, I have not given you leave to speak and you have no right to take it. Since our legitimate union no cloud has come to interpose itself between us. I am satisfied with you, I have never had any reproach to make you, and reciprocally. Go seek in your apartment the phial filled with spirits of turpentine. I know there is one in your chest of drawers and you tell me nothing new. Hurry to mount the stairs of the spiral staircase and return to find me with a satisfied expression." But the emotional London lady had hardly reached the first stairs (she did not run as quickly as a person of the lower orders) when one of her own maids descended from the first floor; her cheeks empurpled with sweat, and holding the phial which might perhaps contain the life-giving liquid within its crystal walls. The maid, offering her present bends gracefully, and the mother advances with regal gait to the tassels which fringe the sofa, sole object which occupies her tenderness. The commodore with a proud, though benevolent gesture, accepts the phial from the hands of his spouse. An Indian handkerchief is dipped therein and the head of Mervyn is wrapped round with the orbicular meanderings of the silk. He smells the salts; he stirs an arm. The circulation comes to life and the joyous cries of a Philippine cockatoo perched in the recess of the window are heard. "Who goes there? .. . Do not stop me .. . Where am I? Is it a tomb supports my heavy limbs? The planks seem soft to me . . . The locket which contains my mother's portrait, is it still fastened to my neck? . . . Away, ill-doer with tousled hair. He could not catch me, and I left a slip of my doublet in his fingers. Untie the bulldog's chains, for to-night a recognizable thief may with effraction introduce himself while we are plunged in sleep. Father and mother, I recognize you and I thank you for your cares. Call my little brothers. It is for them I have bought these burnt almonds and I want to kiss them." With these words he fell into a deep state of lethargy. The doctor, called with all possible haste, rubbed his hands 40 and said: f The crisis is passed. Everything is well. To morrow your son will awake cured. Go all to your respective couches; I command it, so that I may rest alone by the sick bed, until the apparition of dawn and the nightingale's song." Maldoror, hidden behind the door has not lost a word. Now he knows the character of the mansion's inhabitants and will act accordingly. He knows where Mervyn lives, and does not wish to know more. He has inscribed in a note-book the name of the street and number of the building. That is the chief thing. He is certain of not forgetting them. He advances like a hyaena, unseen, and skirts the walls of the courtyard. He scales the railing with agility, and is embarrassed a moment by the iron prongs; with a bound he is on the pavement. He moves away stealthily. tf He takes me for a criminal," he cries out; "as for him, he's an idiot. I would like to find a man exempt from the accusation which the invalid has made against me. I did not steal a flap of his doublet as he said. Simple hypnogogic hallu - cination caused by terror. My intention was not to seize him, for I have other ulterior projects for this timid youth." Walk towards the lake with the swans, and I will tell you later why one of the group was completely black, his body bearing an anvil surmounted by the putrefying carcass of a hermit crab; inspiring and with reason, his other aquatic comrades with distrust. i &gt; Mervyn is in his room; he has received a letter; who then writes to him . . .? His emotion had prevented him thanking the postman. The envelope has black borders and the words are traced in a hasty writing. Will he carry this letter to his father? And if the signatory expressly prohibits it? Full of anguish, he opens his window to breathe the scents of the air; the sun's rays reflect their prismatic irradiations on the Venetian glasses and the damask curtains. He throws the letter aside among the gilt edged 41 books and albums bound in mother of pearl, strewn upon the tooled leather which covers the surface of his school-desk. He opens his piano and runs his tapering fingers over the ivory keys. The brass wires make no sound. This indirect warning makes him pick up again the vellum paper, but the latter recoils as though affected by the hesitation of the receiver. Taken in the trap Mervyn's curiosity increases and he opens the scrap of prepared rag. Until this moment he had seen no other than his own handwriting. 'Young man, you interest me; I would make you happy. I will take you as my companion and together we will accomplish long pilgrimages in the Oceanic Isles. Mervyn, you know I love you, and there is no need to prove it you. lam certain you will accord me your friendship. When you know me better, you will not repent of the confidence you will have shown towards me. I shall keep you from the dangers your inexperience must run. I shall be a brother to you and there shall be no lack of good advice. For a more detailed explanation, be on the Pont du Carrousel the day after to-morrow at five o'clock in the morning. If I have not come, wait for me; but I hope to be there at the exact time. You do likewise. An Englishman will not easily forego an opportunity of seeing clearly in his business. Young man I greet you, and good-bye for the present. Show this letter to nobody." 'Three stars instead of a signature," cried Mervyn; ff and a bloodstain at the foot of the page!" Copious tears poured upon the strange phrases his eyes had devoured; and which opened an illimitable field of uncertain and new horizons to his spirit. It seemed to him (but only since what he had just read) that his father was a little severe and his mother too majestic. He had reasons which have not come to my know - ledge and which in consequence I cannot transmit to you; which insinuated that his brothers did not please him either. He hid the letter in his breast. His tutors have noted that on this day he did not seem himself; his eyes had grown unnaturally gloomy and the veil of excessive thought had fallen upon the peri-orbital 42 region. Each tutor blushed, afraid of not finding himself of the intellectual standard of his pupil, and yet, the latter for the first time had neglected his duties and had not worked. In the evening the family gathered in the dining room, adorned with ancient portraits. Mervyn admires the dishes heaped with succulent meats and odoriferous fruits, but he does not eat; and the polychromatic gushing of Rhine wines and the sparkling ruby of champagne in narrow tall Bohemian crystal goblets, leaves even his sight in - different. He rests his elbow on the table and like a sleep-walker remains deep in thought. The commodore, his face tanned by the sea spray, leans towards his spouse's ear: f The first-born's character has changed since the day of the fit; even then he was full of absurd ideas, but to-day he spends more time then ever dreaming. All the same, I was not like that when I was his age. Pretend not to notice anything. Now would some efficacious moral or mental remedy easily find employment. Mervyn, you who love reading books of discovery and natural history, I will read you a tale you will not dislike. Let everyone listen attentively, and each will profit thereby, myself first. And you others, chil - dren, learn by the attention you know how to lend my words to perfect your style and to make sure of the subtlest meanings of the author." As if this brood of adorable brats could have understood it as anything but rhetoric. He spoke, and upon a gesture of his hand one of the brothers moved to the paternal library and returned with a volume under his arm. During their passage the tablecloth and silver had been cleared and the father took the book. At the electrifying word discoveries, Mervyn has lifted his head and has tried to put an end to his irrelevant meditations. The book is opened about the middle, and the metallic voice of the commodore proves that he is still, as in the time of his glorious youth, capable, of commanding the fury of man and of tempests. Long before the end of the reading, Mervyn has sunk upon his 43 elbow, finding it impossible to longer pursue the explanatory development of phrases passed through the filter and saponi - fication of obligatory metaphors. The father cried out: rf lt isn't that will interest him; let's read something else. Wife, read. You will be luckier than I in chasing annoyance from our son's days." The mother has no further hope* nevertheless she takes another book and the sound of her soprano voice falls melodiously upon the ears of the product of her conception. But after a few words, discouragement overwhelmed her and of herself she ceased the interpretation of the work of literature. The first born cried: ff l am going to bed." He withdrew, his eyes lowered with a cold obstinacy, and without adding a word. The dog begins to howl lugubriously, for he does not think this conduct natural and the wind outside, irregularly engulfed by the longitudinal crack of the window, makes vacillate the light of the bronze lamp, which is thrown downwards by the rosy crystal domes. The mother presses her hands to her brow and the father lifts his eyes to heaven. The children cast terrified glances at the old mariner. Mervyn double locks his door and his hand runs rapidly over the paper: ff l received your letter at midday, and you will forgive me if I have made you await a reply. I have not the honour of per - sonally knowing you and I do not know if I ought to write to you. But since impoliteness does not dwell in our halls, I have resolved to take up the pen and thank you warmly for the interest you take in a stranger. May God keep me from not showing grati - tude for the sympathy with which you overwhelm me. I am aware of my imperfections and it does not make me prouder. But if it is proper to accept the friendship of a grown up it is proper also to make him understand our natures are not similar. Indeed, you appear to be older than myself, for you call me young man and yet I still have doubts as to your real age. For how are the coldness of your syllogisms to be reconciled with the passion which they breathe? It is certain that I will never abandon the place that gave me birth in order to accompany 44 you to far countries; which would be impossible save on condition of asking first from the authors of my days an importunately desired permission. But since you have enjoined me to secrecy (in the critical sense of the word) as to this spiritually tenebrous affair I hasten to obey your undoubted wisdom. It would seem that it would not willingly affront the light of day. Since you appear to desire me to have confidence in yourself (a desire, not out of place, I am pleased to confess) have the kindness I beg of you to show an analagous confidence, as regards myself, and do not presume so much as to imagine that I will be so unsym - pathetic to your advice, as not to be punctual at the appointment. The day after to-morrow morning at the stated hour, I will scale the wall of the park enclosure, and no one will witness my departure. To speak frankly, what would I not do for you, whose inexplicable attachment so promptly knew how to reveal itself to my dazzled eyes, most astonished by such a proof of kindness, and which was, lam quite sure, entirely unexpected. Before I did not know you. Now I know you. Do not forget the promise you have made me to walk over the Pont du Carrousel. In the event of my passing, I am absolutely certain of meeting you and touching your hand, provided that this innocent display of a youth who, but yesterday, bowed before the altar of modesty, does not offend you by its respectful familiarity. But is not familiarity admissible in the case of a strong and ardent friendship, when ruin is serious and earnest? And what harm, I ask you yourself, could there be after all, for me to say good-bye in passing, when the day after to-morrow, whether it rain or no, five o'clock will have struck .. . ? You will appreciate, sir, the tact with which I have conceived my letter; for I do not allow myself in an easily lost loose sheet, to say more to you. Your address at the foot of the page is a conundrum. It has taken me nearly a quarter of an hour to decipher it. I think you have acted well in making the words so microscopic. I dispense with signing and in that I imitate you; we live in a too eccentric age to be 45 astonished for a moment by what may happen. lam curious lo observe how you learnt the place where my glacial immobility dwells, surrounded by a long series of deserted rooms, foul charnel houses of my bored hours. How express myself? When I think of you, my chest swells, sonorous as the collapse of some decaying empire; for the shadow of your love suggests a smile which perhaps does not exist; so vague is it and moves its scales so tortuously. I abandon my impetuous feelings between your hands, tablets of new marble and still virgin of mortal contact. Let us be patient till the first rays of the morning twilight, and while awaiting the moment which will cast me into the hideous embrace of your two pestiferous arms, I bow humbly before the knees I embrace." After writing this guilty letter, Mervyn carries it to the post and returns to go to bed. Do not count on finding his guardian angel there. The fishes tail will fly for three days only, it is true, but alas! the beam will none the less be burnt; and a cylindro - conical bullet will pierce the rhinoceros skin despite the beggar and Snow-white! The crowned mad man will have spoken truly concerning the fidelity of the fourteen daggers. The golden haired pirate has received Mervyn's reply. In this strange page he follows the trace of the intellectual difficul - ties of him who, abandoned to the feeble forces of his own suggestivity has written it. He would have done much better to have consulted his parents before replying to the unknown friendship. No benefit will result to him for having taken part as principal actor in this equivocal intrigue. But anyhow, it was his own desire. At the appointed hour, Mervyn has gone from the door of his house, straight before him; following the boulevard Sebastopol as far as the fountain of St. Michel. He takes the quay of the Grands Augustins and crosses the quai Conti; at the moment he passes over the quai Malaquais, he sees upon the quai of the Louvre, walking parallel to his own direction an individual bearing a sack under his arm and who seems to be examining 46 him attentively. The morning mists have vanished. The two wayfarers issue at the same time from each side of the pont du Carrousel. Though they had never seen each other, it was a mutual recognition! Truly, it was touching to see these two beings, separated by age, unite their souls in nobility of feeling. At least, such would have been the opinion of those who would have stopped before this spectacle which more than one, even of a mathematical turn of mind, would have found moving. Mervyn, tears streaming down his face, thought he was meeting, at the beginning of his life so to speak, a precious support in future ad - versities. Be persuaded that the other said nothing. This is what he did: he unfolded the sack he bore, opened the mouth, and seizing the youth by the head, pushed his whole body into the canvas envelope. With his handkerchief he tied up the end which served as an entrance. Mervyn uttered shrill cries, but he lifted the sack like a bundle of clothes, and several times hit the parapet of the bridge with it. Then the patient, made aware of the cracking of his bones, was silent. Unique scene which no novelist will ever invent again! A butcher passed sitting on the meat in his cart. An individual runs to him, requests him to stop and says: "There is a dog shut up in this sack; it's mangy, kill it as quickly as possible." The interrogated person shows himself willing. The interruptor, moving off, sees a young girl in rags holding her hand out to him. How far then will the height of his audacity and impiety stretch? He gives her alms! Tell me whether you would like me to introduce you some hours later to the door of a remote slaughter-house. The butcher has returned and throwing his burden to earth, said to his mates: f 'Let's kill this mangy dog quickly." There are four of them and each seizes his accustomed hammer. And yet they hesitate because the sack moves violently. 'What emotion holds me," cries one of them, slowly lowering his arm. This dog whimpers with anguish like some baby," said another, 'one would think he understood what fate awaited him." 47 f lt is their habit," said a third, "even when they are not sick, as is the case here, it is enough for their master to remain absent for some days from the house for them to begin to give tongue to howls which really are painful to endure." 'Stop .. . stop . . cried the fourth, before all the arms could be raised in unison to resolutely strike, this time, upon the sack. 'Stop I tell you; there is some fact here we are ignorant of. Who tells you the canvas contains a dog? I want to make sure." Then, despite the gibes of his companions, he untied the bundle and drew out one after another the limbs of Mervyn! He was almost suffocated by the difficulty of his position. On seeing the light again, he fainted. Some moments after he gave indubitable signs of life. His saviour said: "Another time know to use caution even in your business. You have all but remarked of yourselves, that it serves no good to practise the inobservance of this law." The slaugh - terers fled. Mervyn, his heart oppressed, returns home and shuts himself up in his room. Is there any need to enlarge upon this strophe? Ah, who would not deplore the events consummated! Await the end to pass an even more severe judgment. The catastrophe is about to precipitate itself; and in this kind of tale, when a passion of whatever kind it be is premised it fears no obstacle in continuing its progress; there is no room to water in a cup the gum-lac of four hundred banal pages. What may be said in half a dozen strophes should be said and then silence. I continue! There was a fishes tail, which moved at the bottom of a hole, beside a down-at-heel boot. Was it not natural to ask onself where is the fish? "I but see the tail in movement." For, since one implicitly admitted not having seen the fish, it was because it was really not there. The rain had left some drops of water at the bottom of this funnel, hollowed in the sand. As for the down-at-heel boot, some few have since thought that it was deliberately abandoned there. The hermit crab, by the divine might was to be reborn from his resolved atoms. He drew 48 the fishes tail from the well and promised to rejoin it to its lost body if it would announce to the Creator, the impotence of his messenger in dominating the furious waves of the Maldororian seas. He lent it two albatrosses wings and the fish tail took to flight. But it flew towards the home of the renegade, to relate what had happened and to betray the hermit crab. But he divined the spy's plan and before the third day reached its end, he pierced the fish tail with a poisoned arrow. The spy's gullet emitted a feeble exclamation which rendered up its last sigh before reaching earth. Then a venerable beam, situated on the summit of a castle, rising to its full height, and turning on itself, cried out loudly for vengeance. But the Almighty, changed into a rhinoceros, informed him that the death was deserved. The beam, reassured, went and took its place again in the depths of the manor, resumed its horizontal position and recalled the terrified spiders that as in the past they might continue to weave their webs from its corners. The man with sulphur lips learnt of his ally's weakness; he commanded the crowned madman to burn the beam and reduce it to cinders, that is why Aghone carried out this severe order. "Since, according to you, the moment has come," cried he, ff l have gone again to get the ring I buried under the stone, and I have attached it to one of the ends of the cable. Here is the packet." And he showed him a thick cord, sixty yards long, rolled upon itself. His master questioned him as to what the fourteen daggers did. He replied that they remained faithful, and held themselves ready for any necessary event. The forger bent his head as a token of satisfaction. He betrayed surprise and even disquiet when Aghone added that he had seen a cock cleave a candelabrum in two with his beak, plunge his vision into each part in turn and cry out, flapping his wings with frantic movements: It is not as far as one imagines from the rue de la Paix to the place du Pan - theon: the lamentable proof will shortly be seen!" The hermit crab, mounted on a fiery steed, flew at full speed towards the reef, which had witnessed the hurling of a stick by a tatooed arm, asy- 4 49 lum of his first day's descent upon earth, A caravan of pilgrims was about to visit the place, henceforth consecrated by a sacred death. He hoped to reach it to beg urgent help against the plot in preparation for him, and of which he had knowledge. Some lines further on, helped by my glacial silence, you will see that he did not arrive in time to relate to them what a rag-picker, hidden behind a scaffolding near a half-built house, had reported to him, the day when still bearing the damp dews of night the pont du Carrousel, perceived with horror the horizon of its thoughts enlarge confusedly in concentric circles at the matutinal apparition of the rhythmical kneading of an icosahedron shaped sack against its calcareous parapet! Before he stimulates their compassion by the souvenir of the episode, they had best destroy within thefnselves the semen of hope ... To destroy your laziness make use of the resources of a good will, walk at my side and do not lose sight of the madman, his head surmounted by a chamber - pot, who pushes ahead of him his hand armed with a stick, and whom you would have difficulty in recognizing did I not take care to warn you, and to recall to your ear the word pronounced, Mervyn. How changed he his! His hands tied behind his back, he walks straight before him, as though he went to the scaffold, and yet he is guilty of no crime. They have reached the circular area of the place Vendome. On the entablature of the massive column, and leaning against the plain balustrade more than fifty yards from the ground; a man has cast and unrolled a rope which falls near Aghone. Habitual things are quickly done; but I may say that the latter did not take long to tie Mervyn fast, to the ends of the cord. The rhinoceros had learnt of what was about to happen. Covered with sweat he appeared breathless at the corner of the rue Castiglione. He did not even have the satisfaction of a fight. The individual who scrutinized the neighbourhood from the top of the column, cocked his revolver, carefully took aim and pressed the trigger. The commodore who begged in the street since that day upon which he believed what he imagined to be the madness of his son, had begun, and the mother who had 50 been called Snow-white on account of her extreme pallor, inter - posed their breasts to protect the rhinoceros. Futile precaution .. . Ihe ball drilled his hide like a gimlet; one might have thought with some semblance of logic that death must infallibly appear. But we know that the substance of the lord had been introduced into the pachyderm. He withdrew with annoyance. If it had not been proven definitely that he was too good to one of his creatures I would pity the man on the column! He with a sudden jerk of the wrist, pulled to him the thus ballasted cord. Situated abnormally, his oscillations balanced Mervyn, whose head looked downwards, and who clutched eagerly with his hands at a long garland of immortelles which connected two consecutive angles of the base against which he struck his brow. He carries into the air with himself, what is not a fixed point After having piled a large part of the rope, at his feet in the shape of superimposed ellipses, so that Mervyn was suspended half way up the bronze obelisk, the escaped forger with his right hand imparted to the adolescent, a movement accelerated by a uniform rotation in a plane parallel to the axis of the column; and gathered with his left hand, the serpentine entwinements of cordage which lay at his feet. The sling whistles in space; Mervyn's body follows it everywhere, always held from the centre by centrifugal force, always keeping his mobile and equidistant position in an aerial circumference, independent of matter. The civilised savage little by little lets it out to the very end, which he retains with a firm metarcarpal, resembling to the life a bar of steel. He begins to run round the balustrade holding to the rail with one hand. This manoeuvre has the effect of changing the original plane of the rope's revolution and of augmenting its already too considerable tension. Henceforth it turns majestically in a horizontal plane, after having in a crazy progress passed successively through various oblique planes. The right angle made by the column and vegetable thread has its sides equal and the renegade's arm and the murderous instrument are confounded in a linear unity, like the atomical elements of a ray of light entering a dark room. 4* 51 The theorems of mechanics permit me to speak thus; alas! it is known that a force added to another force engenders a resultant made up of the two original forces! Who would dare assert that the linear cordage would have broken already but for the athlete's vigour, but for the good quality of hemp? The golden haired pirate, suddenly and at the same moment, arrests his acquired speed, opens his hand and lets go the cable. The countershock of this operation, so contrary to those preceding, makes the joints of the balustrade crack. Mervyn followed by the cord, resembles a comet trailing after itself its flaming tail. The iron ring of the running knot, flashing in the sun's rays pledges itself to complete the illusion. In describing his parabola, the doomed one cleaves the air as far as the left bank, passes it by virtue of the propulsive force, which I suppose infinite, and his body hits the dome of the Pantheon, while the cord with its turns, partly embraces the upper region of the immense cupola. It is on the spherical and convex superficies that resembles an orange only by its form, that at any hour of the day a dried up skeleton, still hanging, is to be seen. When the wind swings it, it is said that the students of the Latin Quarter, in dread of a like fate, make a brief prayer; but these are trifling rumours, and there is no need to believe them; they serve merely to frighten little children. He holds in his contracted hands what seems like a large wreath of stale yellow flowers. The distance must be taken into account and no one can affirm, despite the evidence of his long sight, that they are really those immortelles. I have mentioned, and which an unequal struggle close to the new Opera, saw detached from a grandiose pedestal. It is none the less true that the drapings arranged like a crescent moon, no longer receive the impression of their definitive symmetry in a quaternary number; go and see for yourself if you do not wish to believe me. Comte de Lautreamont (Translated by John Rodker) 52 YOUNG MR. ELKINS "Apparently the skyscrapers of lower New York had vanquished. What could one individual, assisted by a few dreamers, do against a civilization 9" PAUL ROSENFELD To make the factory wheels revolve, eternal hills squeezed minerals from their bowels and prairies consumed themselves in wheat. Factories turned in three shifts daily, competing with churches and poolrooms to produce a new and arbitrary civilization, the only one of its kind, Biggest in the World Endorsed by Millions of Satisfied Users, and this civilization laboured in its turn and brought forth young Mr. Elkins. It suckled him with Shredded Wheat. It draped Kuppenheimer Klothes about his shoulders. It gave him an Underwood typewriter (Model 5) and convenient magazines. It sent him to Harvard as a classmate of Walter Lippman. Perhaps it was only to produce young Mr. Elkins that American civilization existed. . . . Under the grey water a volcano stirred, vomiting boulders in a steam, depositing them in layers awkwardly, and so building a mountain higher than all other mountains: Mount Marbor that slopes on all sides vastly into a grey sea. On top of Marbor precisely, by its one caprice, was deposited a pea, and the pea was critical of the mountain. Mr. Elkins while still in college wrote such articles on puritanism as would have shocked his forebears. His possible forebears would be shocked, but in spite of biology I suspect that he does not possess any. I suspect that only American civiliza - tion brought him forth, acting as both his father and his mother. Mystically functioning both as male and female agent ... so young Mr. Elkins may have written. He never mentions more definite relatives. Certainly he is not con - nected, even remotely, with the family of the defunct senator from West Virginia or with the Elkins Wideners of Philadelphia. There is no old Mr. Elkins. 53 There is a young Mr. Elkins nevertheless, and he retains the adjective which has definitely taken the place of his initials. ff Young Mr. Elkins asserts," writes the superior-but-friendly critic of the Literary Review or the Independent. fr Young Mr. Elkins objects (or disclaims or rejoins)." One pictures him vaguely in knickerbockers dictating his precocious essays to a governess. As a matter of fact young Mr. Elkins was born in 1838, and there is a trick of puffy eyes under his spectacles which makes him look well over forty. Mr. Elkins, being an American intellectual, belongs to the professionally young. At sixty he will retain the discouraged deep scepticism of adolescence. At sixteen, however, he joined the Y. M. G. A. and even meditated a course in electrical design from the International Correspondence School of Scranton, Pa. Why and at what age did the milk-and-honey, even the rye whiskey of America turn bitter in his mouth. Was it in his sophomore year and because he bought a complete and unexpurgated edition of the works of Guy de Maupassant? Was it because he felt ff a naked instinct stirring in him, down, deep down; an urge, a flood of sex which would some day burst the narrow man-made barriers of American convention?" Was it because of a course he took on Sewage Disposal in the German Cities? Or merely was it because he felt the London-tailored mockery of an article in the London Nation? He wanted so to be Free and he wanted to be urbane; he wanted to be English and Continental; he hardly understood what he wanted or how his new idea was born, but already before he graduated from college he was declaiming against American grossness and American puritanism in one breath and as if they were the same thing. ff 77ie new feeling that is in America, it is only an infant. It is no more than a puny child born in the nadir of the year, a helpless, naked mite. In all the grey winter of the land, under the leaden immeasurable vault, it is a nigh invisible fleck. And still, somehow, it is there, born" The new feeling that is in America ... it inspired young Mr. Elkins to thunder against billboards, Billy Sunday and Methodism, proportional representation, Comstock, elevated railroads. One year with a special fulgurance he thundered against the commercial ugliness of cities. American civilization listened and moved uneasily like a sleeping volcano. Stung 54 finally to action by his criticism it spewed forth city planning commissions, commissions specially trained at the Beaux Arts and specially delegated to make Paris, Okla. the replica of Paris, France, in miniature. The volcano slept comfortably. Mr. Elkins was not appeased. He gathered disciples about him; young Mr. Elkins multiplied himself. He published magazines and wrote them; he wrote plays and acted in them; he populated a quarter of New York with two suburbs. His face and opinions were reduplicated as if by American machinery. At times you met him everywhere and at times this omnipresent personality was reduced to the proportions of a squat young man of thirty-four, with puffy eyes; a single tired wrestler at grips with American civilization and determined to talk it to death. So as to confound it, he began to amass facts about this society he hated. He went about his work as if he were organizing espionage in an enemy country. He made the acquaintance of reporters, statesman, barbers; studied official reports; even joined a lodge of Elks surreptitiously. In this manner he collected volumes of fact; millions of shining, unpleasant facts. Some of them he published, but he reserves the choicest for his conversation. He says: "Whiskey running last year caused 26 deaths at the Canadian border . . . The new representative from Oregon is only the third atheist in Congress .... Out of 1103 cases of insanity in the State Asylum, 458 were caused by sexual repression .... An injunction has been granted to restrain Pittsburgh streetcars from operating on Sunday." He says, confidentially: f I learned yesterday from a private source that there were 433 murders last year in Memphis, Tennessee. In the year before prohibition there were only 219. The hypocrisy of a dry nation cannot endure much longer." A few days later he draws you aside and says: r 'Remember. Remember that we are living in the United States and not in a free nation. I know authoritatively that the Society for the Suppression of Vice is taking action against 183 books and pamphlets, including several editions of Shakespeare. Already a bookseller has been jailed because he sold a copy of Measure for Measure. Trouble is brewing. Tell nobody, nobody." Young Mr. Elkins places an evident value on his facts and yet he collates them around a simple, almost a childish thesis; a single thesis concerning America and puritanism: Puritanism is bad; America is puritan; 55 therefore America is bad. (Or, to state his syllogism in its more usual form: America is bad; America is puritan; therefore puritanism is bad.) (Or: badness is puritan; badness is American; America is therefore badly puritan,) He has never tried to define puritanism or America. But he dreams about them often; before his typewriter he dreams of an America delivered utterly from the puritan yoke. An America whose street-corners blossom with cafes and whose sidewalks with little tables painted green. Beer stains and the smell of beer. A broad leisurely America without machines and Methodism. Sunday baseball in Pittsburgh (or better, Sunday cricket;) open urinals and racetrack gambling; the works of Freud and Boccaccio and D. H. Lawrence sold at newsstands openly. Young Mr. Elkins dreams and writes a few rapid sentences on his Underwood. He dreams of the Paris where he should like to be at home. A walled river with its bridges gilded and millions devoted to Art. For Mr. Elkins a bench in the Luxembourg gardens; children play it front of it decoratively and none of them bursts out of the picture to disturb him. Dreaming he writes: "1 like nothing better than to watch the youngsters, the nurses and mothers, the students, and the promenaders all at play. There is so much unaffected fun and laughing gaiety over the simplest things: I can watch the eager babies as they get their first ride on the stolid donkeys, the pride of the owners of the small yachts that sail over the tiny artificial lake, the quivers of delight and mirth that shake the children's audience at the f Grand Guignol,' 1 ) their sheer joy at riding on the flying pigs .. . The students from the Sorbonne or the Ecole de Medecine nearby swing their books, and on some of the stone benches young people will be embracing or kissing with no one paying the slightest attention . . . Somehow I never enjoyed walking in Central Park of a Sunday." He never walked in Central Park without dreaming of the Luxembourg and Hyde Park and the Tiergarten, or of a future America into which their virtues had somehow been incorporated; he dreams of an America which has imitated the best of Paris and Berlin and London, an Anglo-Franco- German America ruled by philosophers and economists and rising clean from the sackcloth-and-ashes of puritanism into the leisured humanism of European culture, into a naked dawn. And what he dreams he writes, in his deep room, sulkily, on a typewriter which is the most finished product of a mechanical civilization. 1 ) Grand Guignol: — a theatre which Mr. Elkins would find, if be ever visited Paris, at a distance of several kilometres from the Luxembourg Gardens. 56 Meanwhile this civilization which produced young Mr. Elkins and his typewriter in one careless gesture; meanwhile American civilization howls outside his window. An elevated express rumbles up Ninth Avenue and an elevated local rumbles down Ninth Avenue. Precisely under Mr. Elkins' room four subway trains crash past each other. One of them is bound for the 273 d Street hugest Tabernacle, where Mr. Sunday preaches that after - noon to an audience of over fifteen thousand. Shortly he will save 931 souls for democracy, while at the same moment and as if by the same angelic influence, the quarrel which had been storming in the poolroom at the corner will be composed to the tune of East Side, West Side. Black Jim Kelly produces a pint of gin. James Robert Kelly finishes the layout of his two-page spread for the Foundation Company of America and the Saturday Evening Post. He shows his drawing to a friend. "That's damn fine," James Kelly sa} r s, translating freely from Benvenuto Cellini. Thirty stories below an automobile skids into a shop window, killing two and a wax dummy .... Child Crushed by Car at 92nd Street .... Bronx Express Derailed Many Deaths .... A cable snaps on Brooklyn Bridge; fire spreads to the oil tanks; on the docks a carload of dynamite explodes .... In a vain effort to dislodge the pea Mount Marbor was erupting: Granite boulders as big as a locomotive shot into the air, collided, and crashed down; ten thousand feet ten thousand fathoms bumping crashing down. Young Mr. Elkins, annoyed by the racket, rose nervously and closed his window. Malcolm Cowley Carlotta Grisi Old Lithograph &lt;about 1845&gt; Ballerinas Pablo Picasso *) Rahab, by Waldo Frank, Boni &amp; Liveright, New York, 1922. City Block, by Waldo Frank, privately printed, 1922. 5 57 INSTANT NOTE ON WALDO FRANK f 7 know what love is because 1 know what horror comes when love is starved or denied ... I am a woman who has always lived in dirt .... I know that dirt is always just that denying of love" MRS. LUVE. The green sea waves toss mountainously burying the swimmer. They . are liquid and then they are erect. They are green . . . They are real . . . With mighty efforts the swimmer plunges and wallows through the creamy foam. He is tired. He is little. He is one. . . His mouth is full of tears. Salt tears. Words come, rounded and easy words, through the sea of his mouth. His own life, his own gay and lovely life .... broken so wantonly, so swiftly .... here is strangeness enough .... Magnificent his Desire to attain the land, magnificent his muscles, magnificent his poised back. From the breasts he sees the land. He sees Hope. And in the troughs . . . . Faith .... So he rolls. So he swims. Nearer . . . The shocking sex-repression of the nineteenth century has reaped the shocking sex-outletting of the twentieth in our unhappy land. Puritanism is sent rolling back to the farthest corners of New England upon a wave of moral indignation. The day of vengeance. The lost provinces are restored and phallic monuments are struck and erected in the public places. But it is far easier to understand how a myth came about than to forgive it. Let us not be irritated by the sex alarm of the day into offering a futile resistance to the crusaders. Let us grant first that all true pictures of life have represented man as a base animal, especially foul and dangerous when his appetites are thwarted; to wit: The History of Amelia, Roderick Random, le Rouge et le Noir, Brothers Karamazov. Prepared by years of journalistic warefare, one fails to be revolted by the single-mindedness of the psycho - analytic novel proper, such as Waldo Frank has conceived it. Its interest lies chiefly in the application of the Freudian tactic: we shall hearken only to the strata of the brain, observe only instinctive be - haviour, and speak only in the shadowy diction of dreams. It is simply Henry James undone! The actions of each character appear in their most naked state; the conversation always en deshabille, if not a poil; the style is reduced to brief gasps of bad breath, instead of the sustained sober pace of the elder novelist. 58 Your unconscious type par excellence always removes all her clothing upon receiving a guest, revels dogmatically in nudity, longs for freedom, slips readily into the most compromising situations, in short abides by a most definite, restricted and habitual creed of her own, with its established cere - mony and mummery. Substitute for the crucifix the phallus, and for the pater noster such facile shibboleths as, "I am real ... I touch .... I am one .... I am in you I" Thus from Rahab, which is the romance of a woman whose behaviour is unfailingly and remarkably sub-conscious: "I shut my face in my hands and you are about me, my Baby. I am a baby with you. Our flesh is one: our hands are one like the petals entwined in a flower. We are a flower together. We spring from the black earth. We have had our blooming. The earth is there. We are gone. In the black earth under the snows, there is a seed of us, Edith! ... of our softness, of the bright bloom of our twined petals the hard seed. I am lain away in the earth. The earth blooms only in us." From this specimen of the apostrophizings of Fanny Luve, it will be remarked that the sub-conscious is extremely mystical, that it prefers to speak in monosyllables, to employ only the short sentence, of which the stress always comes in the opening phrase, thus giving the effect of the rhythmic spasms of the old gasoline motors found in back country districts. This is a highly disturbing element, because at least forty per cent of the pages of Rahab and City Block is devoted to the communings of people with their subconscious selves. The subconscious mind employs words most weirdly: ". . . . With her child in her arms she could pinch bravely and find real . . . "Harry is coming back. O I know! I must be ready. I must be real." "Nakedness binds this warmth and this stillness. Nakedness must end." (*) To suggest the qualities of dreams, the Great Vague is invoked. Sub - stantives, such as "softness," "whiteness," are heavily counted upon by the myopic libido. One serious objection to the subconscious is its lack of humor. It has no sense of the absurd, no capacity to laugh at itself. For instance when the question is put: "Could you eat some more toast?" it cries: "How do I know what I eat? God you insult us. If we must feed on dirt. Why give us the love of the Clean?" 1 ) *) The italies are for laboratory purposes only. *) RahaU — Page 175! 59 Needless to say, a personage who proceeds through life in such a dazed, unprotected state suffers severely at life's hands; and Mrs. Luve from the time she betrays her husband to the day she is put into the streets by the ruffianly police of New York certainly does suffer many hardships. But in stripping her, in divesting her of her gowns, her camisoles, of all the — for the Freudian — fripperies of a superficial civilization which are invested in the conscious mind, Waldo Frank has rendered her unsympathetic and tedious. He has attempted, through the psychoanalytic formula to catapult himself into the ultimate sappy core of reality, to steal a march upon the Ding an sich. An interesting and daring experiment, this of launching human beings into a vague plane of life like muffled machines, with all their organs functioning blindly and immodestly. An experiment quite unprofitable: these creatures are slack balloons appended to bulbous genitals. City Block is an arrangement of stories about people whose lives happen to pass in one square block. This is evidently the thread which binds these people, making their existences unanimous, (unanimistic) and their drama, a collective one. But the crowd element neither adds to nor detracts from the interest. Their personalities are still libido-ridden. All varieties of Freudian paraphernalia, from the simple affair of the pretty young gover - ness who throws herself at the first comer, a policeman, to the young boy who loves his mother — well — pathologically. The machinery of these stories is conventional, aside from the erotic data; i. e., the plot moves either to the fulfillment or the vanquishment of a repressed desire. (Here you have the technical basis for a "psychoanalytic" literature to supplant the plot-setting-character formula.) And the women are extraordinarily alike. They are all hungry and want "beyond. .." Beyond what? The men all have big coarse features, hairy hands and kind hearts. Their lives are restless, their moods always high-pitched, their voices hoarse and intense with emotion. How ugly are untutored emotions. Especially when they are not balanced against the schooled reasoning of modern man, when there is no vacation from them, when one fails to be diverted by them. And Waldo Frank has excellent musculature. He has gone far afield, conspired and perspired much to fabricate a psychoanalytic prose. Delib - erately, he rides a vague and flaccid vocabulary. His style is certainly the most vexing issue. When he consciously misplaces verbs and adjectives as "Friday night when always he broke away. . ." instead of "Friday night when he always broke away," and distorts and inverts the language as in "Sophie no longer yearned to do caring things for Hilda," or "She is pain, 60 gasping and falling," one can only remark that with the same effort an impressive and convincing diction might have been attained. There are moments when the dramatic possibilities of a situation cause Frank to swerve from his bias. The second of the Under the Dome stories is a calm sunny picture of an idiot boy and his credulous parents. It is an excellent human-interest story in the old grand style. But here at least one may measure Frank himself. In Hope the chug-chug of the Frank style is most adapted to his subject matter, and carries the most physical persuasion. In its brief confines, this story really contains all that the writer could have done artistically with his sexual machinery: a common case of adultery becomes something terrifically absurd and — tragic. It is interesting to conjure with what the writer of these two stories will turn to next. How articulate or how ff sub-conscious" will his succeeding books be? The dominant tendency of Waldo Frank's books place him with a group of American Impulsionists, with the exponents of mystical or un - conscious behaviour such as James Oppenheim and Sherwood Anderson. Despite an unfortunate emotional equipment similar to that of these men, he does attempt experiments with his material, which the others are either incapable of or unwilling to hazard. This alone renders him a much more hopeful subject than these inarticulate personalities: his process swings from thought associations to thought-dissociations, to a state of mind (upon a few rare occasions) when the march of rhetoric seizes him to the complete obliteration of his message. Out of his unhappy gropings comes an in - genuous and unforgettable sentence: "She walked, clear slender neck and legs with her child so full before her her walk seemed to say: f My child comes first.' " Dripping, as he is, with emotion for humanity, for the spread of knowledge, or clarte, or whatever it is that must be spread, will Frank ever turn upon himself with a nice brutality and adjust himself properly about the language? The emphasis of modern literature, and of modern poetry especially is upon great articulateness and precision of expression, whether or no the whole form give an effect of articulateness. The effect of novelty developes through a fresh approach to the business of defining experiences by a sharply demarcated personality, such as one discovers in William Carlos Williams, in E. E. Cummings, in Marianne Moore. Their speculations with syntax, their rebellions, are the consummation of a long straight line whose inception lies in our traditional literature, and in the purest language forms. A truly inventive spirit is a lordly fish; the language is his grateful element: a sea in which he cannot drown. Matthew Josephson Dancer from the Ballet Tricorne Pablo Picasso 62 NO. 19. The angels filed through the black net the geese gathered round the glass warehouses and the scullion milked the pot clear to the brim light be his burden who is gone yet we are a simple European family and our life here is like an old cylinder it is in fact full of lice waterways and pilots with nine fingers lift the children out of your eyes lo and behold the mothers of Lily Street of the ponderous breasts the arms linen rods and under the knots of their hair the liveried coachmen stretch themselves out the thinkers have just installed themselves under the brass hump of the camel and the mountains labor in the throes of birth however the midwife has lost her diploma I have neither shirts nor hose I have no shirts no shirts I have straw slippers I have no shirts I have straw slippers I have no shirts I have straw slippers I have no shirts of shirts I have not any And it you who are entirely to blame the bells of the neighboring village sing in D flat and you do not remark the snowdrops in our hearts drip it is also possible that we have grown too fat 63 O O it were best to die let us ring the little lambs in beyond the forest the world can still be seen dissolving in a scarlet nebulus and the most domesticated of the dogs flying with pea - cock feathers in their buttocks toward the moon there can be no more doubt that it is the twelfth hour our our our thour our ow Mr Kempeler lights up the stars the war veterans close up their shops and we three walk in a pair of straw slippers through the cloven mountains. Louis Kassak (Translated from the Hungarian) Costume for Ravel's Rhapsodie Espagnole Gontdharova 65 ON THE STAIRS LEADING TO MY MARBLE HALLS On the stairs leading to my marble halls, In the moonlight I stand, erect. Far below, in the thin blue mountain-lake, Death is bathing, The miscarried child of an unripe world. The wretched creature is two feet high. He wants to cleanse himself secretly In my beloved faithful waters. Every worm in my kingdom Is more radiant and is more blessed Than that creature, below there. Alfred Mombert SUFFERING How am I hitched To the coal-wagon of my mourning! Loathsome as a spider Time creeps over me. My hair falls out, My head greys, like a field Where the last reaper Swings his sickle. Sleep darkens about my limbs. Already in dreams I have died, Grass sprang out of my skull, My head was of black earth. Albert Ehrenstein (Translated by Babette Deutsch &amp; A. Yarmolinsky) 66 THE MOSCOW ART THEATRE Czar Feodor loannovitch produced by the Moscow Art Theatre Com - pany under the personal direction of Stanislavsky was given, last Sunday night, in Berlin. The lifted curtain revealed a picture, three men in a room, a primitive, such a one as the art galleries term ff ln the Byzantine Manner." And as the participants spoke, gestured, moved, the illusion remained. Not the crooking of a finger would have roused the spectator from dreaming that he had awakened, like the Connecticut Yankee, in some long past century. The critical faculty revived as the action proceeded. One examined the constituents of the picture to discover just how the spell was invoked. The setting was good. The costumes were genuine, such as one sees in a few rare collections, and very beautiful. A group of old Altar paintings in a corner was the centre and binding motif of the decorative scheme. More than to any of these elements the spell was perhaps due to the perfection of the acting. Each gesture could have been only that gesture and no other. Each inflection of the voice, each cut of beard, could have belonged only to that particular actor and no other. Perhaps the production of Stanislavsky can be compared to Salammbo of Flaubert except that in this case for the mot juste is substituted the ensemble juste. Both seem inspired by the belief that there exists but one way of expressing a thing and that to find this is the task of the artist. Like Flaubert, Stanislavsky with superhumen efforts, approximates his ideal. In the year 1898 the Moscow Art Theatre was established. Feodor loannovitch was given on the opening night and the same company, with a few minor changes in the cast, performed in early October 1922. Twenty four years ago the utilization of an original tableset from the time of Boris, the faithful imitation of an ancient room, copied out of a museum, the exact representation of the superseded social mannerisms of the epoch and above all the perfection of detail which the genius of Stanislavsky never fails to command, made a sensation in Moscow which culminated, many years later, in the general recognition of the supremacy in the theatrical world of the Moscow Art Theatre. 67 Stanislavsky still possesses in the Western World his great prestige. He intends with the assistance of an American contract to exhibit the plays which "made his theatre famous," before the great foreign audiences. As he has without question pushed his method or theory of the theatre to the limit of its possibilities it is well worth attending the performances even though one believes, like the contemporary Russian art radicals, that his productions are as anachronistic as the painted icons in the museums. In fact Meyerhold, Tairov, Forreguer and many other of the active theatrical men are wholly opposed to the subtle realism, to the scientific analysis of psychological states, which constitute the main preoccupation of the Three Sisters, Uncle Vania, The Cherry Orchard and other plays of his repertoire. They consider all this obsolete now that the revolution has overturned every old value and made fluid the social stratas, formerly static. The newer tendencies in the Russian theatre seek theatricalism rather than realism, turn to the circus, to melodrama, to burlesque, neglecting the drawing room and the hidden struggles of constrained wills. Simple passions expressed in action are felt to be more in tune with present conditions. Even though workmen have taken the place of the old bourgeoisie and a new bourgeoisie is now occupying the chairs of the work - men, still the Russian theatre-going public throngs Stanislavsky's theatre and from one point of view their instinct is sound. For it must be admitted that this Moscow stage has maintained during many terrible years a standard of production which has never been excelled even though we may differ with its underlying theories. An interesting commentary on the problem is that Stanislavsky admits in conversation, to a change of emphasis not evidenced by the plays which will be given in America. He believes the importance given to settings and stage accessories overdone and would prefer to have his actors play their parts before a black curtain. H. A. L. /C\ne must learn the language in which an art speaks if one / Jis to have a mastery of that art. Like all forms of art, interior decoration draws upon many others for its perfect individuality. It has its own laws, its own technique, its own rewards, and it is one of the few arts that works in three dimensions. It demands wide academic knowledge, a thorough grasp of principles and practice to understand as well as to create. The Arts &amp; Decoration Practical Home Study Course in In- terior Decoration is a result of the remarkable demand made upon the magazine for authoritative comprehensive know- ledge on this subject. The course covers every phase of interior decoration beginning with fundamentals and explaining each progressive step, illus- trated with a wealth of pictures and clear, simple text. This course is essential to a cultural education and a necessity to those who desire to make their surroundings more beautiful. The directors of the course are Harold Donaldson Eberlein and Nancy V. McClelland consulting and practicing decorators of national reputation. The Advisory Faculty includes such distinguished authorities as William Emerson, Director, Architectural School, Massa- chusetts Institute of Technology; Huger Elliott, Principal, Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art; Richard F. Bach, of the Department of Industrial Art, Metropolitan Museum of Art; Whitney Warren, Architect, and Phyllis Acherman, Ph. D. The course is completed in twenty-four lessons covering a full year. We shall be glad to send you a booklet giving a full description. Hrts &amp; Decoration 50 Uldt 47 th Street * ]Vew City THE NATION 20 Vesey Street NEW YORK OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Editor Associate Editors LEWIS S. GANNETT ARTHUR WARNER FREDA KIRCHWEY LUDWIG LEWISOHN NORMAN THOMAS ERNEST H GRUENING Managing Editor JOHN MACY Literary Editor Contributing Editor JOHN A. HOBSON ANATOLE FRANCE H. L. MENCKEN FRIEDRICH WILHELM FOERSTER ROBERT HERRICK CARL VAN DOREN With THE NATION for a year: $ 5.00 Contemporary American Novelists, by Carl Van Doren The Enormous Room, by E. E. Cummings $ 5.50 Babbitt, by Sinclair Lewis On Life and Letters, 111, by Anatole France The Critical Game, by John Macy $ 6,00 Up Stream, by Ludwig Lewison Jf Balieff's small drama On the Sudden Death of a Horse illustrates as he insists the Greatness of the Russian Soul, it is easy to understand why Sherwood Anderson's animadversions on the Cincinnati river front reveal certain important facts about the mental processes of Americans. Admitting this, one admits that The Nation's series, "These United States," is building a composite picture of America all the more faithful because it distinguishes instead of generali- zing. While Kansas is still buzzing with William Allen White's accusation that his mother state is unsafe for poets, Nevada and Delaware and New Jersey leap into the public view and prove by the heat of their protests the unwelcome truth of their portraits. * * * Adding the ideas of his "Spirit of American Literature" to the rich tradition of Carl Van Dorens literary editorship of The Nation, John Macy is making the book department illustrate the theme of his latest volume that talk about literature is of no value unless in itself it is enjoyable. It is possible to be entertaining even about statistical works, and this when necessary The Nation's reviews achieve. * * * The above reasons for reading The Nation are of minor importance, compared to your certainty that you will find information which is not accessible elsewhere; and that events in Europe are pretty apt to turn out as The Nation prophesies them. At the left are mentioned a few attractive ways to see The Nation regularly. THE NATION 20 VESEY STREET NEW YORK I enclose $ — Send The Nation for a year and Name Address 15 cent a copy. Annual subscription $5 00 B-1 2 "LIGHT AND LEADING" IN THE WORLD OF LETTERS THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, which for more than a hundred years has maintained unchallenged primacy among the literary periodicals of America, announces the publication of a series of articles of singular timeliness and authoritative value in the present period of disputation and transition in the world of letters. The writer is Professor John Erskine, who occupies the Chair of Literature at Columbia University and who is himself an author, editor and critic of distinction. Under the general heading of The Literary- Discipline he is discussing the pertinent topics of Decency in Literature, Originality in Literature, The Cult of the Natural, The Cult of the Contemporary, The Characters Proper for Literature. In these five comprehensive articles he states, in terms of the art of letters itself, certain aesthetic principles of the highest importance, which for the moment seem to be forgotten, and to the overlooking of which is due the major part of the unsatisfactory conditions now prevailing in American literature. The first of these articles, on Decency in Literature, appears in the November number of THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, and the others will appear consecutively in the succeeding four numbers. This series, which will be recognized as one of the most significant publications in literary criticism for many years, will be not so much as a tithe of the valuable contents of this magazine. Other articles in the current number or scheduled for its near successors are by Robert Bridges, Poet Laureate of England, on Free Verse; by John Cotton Dana, the eminent librarian, on the effects of recent social and economic changes upon reading, and conversely the effect of reading upon such changes; by Montrose J. Moses, author and critic, on paternalism in children's literature; by Joel Blau, one of the foremost rabbis and Hebrew scholars of the age, on the Second Coming of Israel; by William D. Riter, Assistant Attorney-General of the United States, on the contrast between earlier and later Constitutional conceptions of the relation between States and Nation; by B. Seebohm Rowntree, the British industrialist and publicist, on the future of British industry; by Alice Lothian on the literary art of Walter de la Mare. Poetry, always an important feature, will be represented by contributions from Anne Goodwin Winslow, Margaret Widdemer, Constance Lindsay Skinner, Leonora Speyer, John R. C. Peyton, William A. Drake, Joseph Auslander, and others. A frequent feature will be a critique of some outstanding Book of the Month, from the brilliant and incisive pen of Lawrence Gilman; Professor Willis Fletcher Johnson, historian and international publicist, will write each month on the Affairs of the World; and there will be a multitude of reviews, extended or brief, of significant new books. Any reader of BROOM can secure this extraordinary series of articles by Professor Erskine, each accompanied by more than a dozen others of comparable worth, and two ad- ditional numbers of this REVIEW for good measure, by writing to THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, mentioning BROOM, and enclosing $ 2.00 (or $ 2.48 from a foreign country). He will in return receive seven succesive numbers of THE NORTH AMERICAN RE- VIEW, beginning with that for November containing the first article on Decency in Lite- rature. Seven numbers for the usual price of six. Address — promptly, in order to take advantage of this special offer and to make sure of securing the November number before the edition is exhausted — THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, 9 East 37 th Street NEW YORK If Tou Uroom You Will £i\e THE DIAL —a journal whose sole purpose is to bring the work of the artists who count to the people who care. The significance of The Dial in contemporary literature is due to its established policy of including the best procurable work of Americans and Europeans, both famous and unknown, without regard to the novelty or conventionality of the form in which their work is presented. The Dial is, therefore, able to offer its readers a review in which new and traditional modes of expression are published side by side, so that the reader may have the unusual pleasure of exercising his own judgment, with the assurance that he has in hand the best of both schools. In addition, The Dial offers a critical compte rendu of art and letters throughout the world. The Dial was the first old established magazine in America to adjust its policy and point of view to include the newer tendencies in art and letters. Since The Dial's change of policy, less than three years ago, two other well-known, old established magazines, have modified their traditional point of view in the direction first taken by The Dial. A number of new magazines representative of modern tendencies in art and letters, of which Broom is one, have sprung up in both Europe and America within recent months. If you like Broom, you will like The Dial. Each supplements the other, and yet each has its own distinctive flavor. It is im- possible for any one magazine to offer all of the best work of the world's finest artists. Broom and The Dial together, however, you like one, you will surely like You may enter my name for a year's subscription to Broom and The Dial at the special combination rate of $7.50 Name Address I I I enclose $7.50. EH I will remit $7.50 on receipt of your bill. THE DIAL 152 West 13th Street, New York City B-11-22 B-11-22 very nearly cover the field. If •? the other. r Special Offer BROOM and THE DIAL each alone for one year $5.00 BOTH TOGETHER $7.50 for the p?ayiorisAts of tomorrow &amp; professional course in PLAY WRITING under the personal supervision of Theo- dore Ballou Hinckley, of THE DRAMA (formerly of the University of Chicago) assisted by famous playwrights, critics, actors and producers. OFFERED now to a limited number of ambitious people, this personal correspondence "course in play- writing affords an unusual opportunity hitherto una- vailable. It covers a year of closely supervised instruction in the technique of play-writing. It is individualized in a manner that makes it unique, thorough and practical. Throughout, the aim is toward actual production — not mere amateurish effort. The course brings all that is best from many sources. In study courses, books, examinations, practice plays, analyzations, criticisms, etc., you are taken step by step, from the simplest rudiments up to actual completion of plays, and then on to the consideration of producers. Good Plays Earn Big Royalties The building of a successful play lies in the intelligent direction of study —in the guidance of a master-critic. Mr. Hinckley has devoted his life to the study of the drama. He has guided many successful playwrights. He knows what to stress, what to avoid. He will train you to sense the changing demands of the public. Manuscripts with the endorsement of THE DRAMA receive the attention of producers. As this is a highly personalized course, Mr. Hinckley, in order to individualize each course by correspondence, is forced to limit the enrollment to the most promising people. Please do not confuse this with any correspon- dence course ever offered before —it is entirely different. Limited Enrollment The coupon brings complete information. Fill it out and mail it. You'll be surprised and pleased at the details and at the low cost of enrollment. To insure your place in the class, you should familiarize yourself with this great opportunity before the class readies its limit of enrollment. Mail the coupon now to the Department of Instruction, The Drama Corporation, 500 Athenaeum Building, Chicago. Complete Information Sent to You If You Mail the Coupon Now Department of Instruction, THE DRAMA CORPORATION, 548 Athenaeum Bldg., Chicago. Please send information regarding your personalized course in play-writing. Name Street City State I ARE YOU A 1 | BOOKFELLOW? [ g If not, you should belong to the order g g of Bookfellows, an International Association g H of Readers and Writers. Publishers of books g g and brochures written by, and sold to members g g only. First editions of James Branch Cabell, g g Hamlin Garland and oJthers, not on sale in g g bookstores. We also publish the Step Ladder, g a monthly journal of bookly ascent, free g | to members. Referring to Stuart P. Sherman's jj M note on Carl Sandburg (in September issue) j the Chicago News says,"We easily recommend |f M The Step Ladder in place of The New J Republic". One dollar per annum, circulars g M on request. g | Flora Warren Seymour, | 1 Clerk, 4917 Blackstone Avenue, 1 M Chicago, Illinios, U. S. A. g 0600600600600600600600600600600600600600^ I DANIEL GALLERY PAINTINGS BY MODERN American and French Artists 8 2 WEST 47 th STREET 8 NEW YORK CITY 8 000600600600600600)0060060060060060060010060060 I I Mil II m C, Qa£cLeman~Jufius Editor LIFE AND LETTERS "I Will 'Fordize' the Magazine Field Too!" — C, feaPcteman-Jutius That Was the Assertion of the Editor of The Pocket Series of 239 Classics —And He Did It BY GEORGE C. NAGEL. "I want to edit a magazine that will be better than the so-called' Quality Group,' but which zcjill NOT cost $5.00 per year. My idea is to print the finest literary material and charge only twenty-five cents per year — two cents per issue. I know the idea is sound; so lam going right ahead with the work, positive you will endorse the plan and subscribe.'''' LIFE AND LETTERS tackles one subject at a time. Below are lisled some of the historical characters Mr. Haldeman-Julius' editorial depart- ment will handle, each in a separate issue. Look over the program below and see if there are not some charac- ters with whom you would like to get better acquainted. There are also many others who will get consideration. Don't you want to know more about these Master Minds? Mr. Halderran-Julius has succeeded, purpose the acquainting of its readers and LIFE AND LETTERS takes its with the great masters and their works. place among the magazines of today fj rst num ber was devoted to devoted to giving the public the very Henry David Thoreau, the great New best in English literature at the unthink- England individualist. Sir Richard Francis able subscription price of 25 cents a Burton, the British explorer, Orientalist, year. It now has 100,000 subscribers. soldier, writer dominated the second issue, LIFE AND LETTERS is a monthly and Plato the third. magazine devoted to the best in literature. jjpE AND LETTERS is not filled Nothing but the best appears in it. It w ; t h mere pr i nt ed pages. Neither is it preaches no isms. It has no pet theories. stuffed with dry-as-dust theories or half- It has no hidden policies. Mr. Halde- baked ideas. The biographical sketches man-Julius maintains the American j n up£ AND LETTERS are correlated people know what they want. He con- w £ t h the character's deeds and works. tends they want the best kind of reading Don't miss LIFE AND LETTERS. matter. But they cannot and will not c , ~ 1 • .1 . . 3 , . . 1 A/i Subscribe NOW and receive the cur- pay several times what it is worth. Most t . . rent issue' purses will not permit that. LIF E AND LETTERS contains six- Education will increase in direct pro- teen pag es, each half the size of your portion to the decrease in the expense Sunday newspaper. It is printed on a fine of attaining it. Good reading is one of grade of book paper, and is profusely the greatest elements in education and illustrated with portraits and pictures, culture. University education has the fsj 0 pains are saved in making LIFE works of the masters as its basis, and LETTERS a magazine any one the individual who consistently reads the should be proud to have on the library works of the masters gets the same table. Its being there is a sign of literary satisfaction. taste and appreciation of the better LIFE AND LETTERS has as its things in literature. Twelve issues for 25 cents Mr. Haldeman-Julius' ambition to "Fordize" the magazine field, coupled with a 100 per cent automatic printing plant and presses that can print 25,000 maga- zines an hour, permits LIFE AND LETTERS to be sold at 25 cents a year. And still Mr Haldeman-Julius can maintain around him an able editorial staff to make LIFE AND LETTERS distinctly a magazine of culture. Subscribe now. Don't miss an issue LIFE AND LETTERS is not sold on Newsstands. It comes every month direct to your door. For one dollar bill you can subscribe yourself and have three of your friends receive LIFE AND LETTERS and enjoy the pleasures of good reading for twelve months. This coupon in an envelope with 25 cents in coin or stamps will bring you LIFE AND LETTERS for a whole year. Life and Letters, Girard, Kansas milium iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii | Subscribe for LIFE AND LETTERS —Use this coupon. | E. Haldeman-Julius, Dept. T —4s | Girard, Kansas. Send me your magazine LIFE AND LETTERS for one year for which | I enclose 25 cents. E Name I Street | City State In Canada and other foreign countries the subscription price is 50c. iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii ir= why not read them now? why not read them now? why not read them now? why not read them now? £ o a aj u -M o a £ o G as w o G £ O G &lt;y •M o G £ O G &lt;y •M o G £ o G &lt;V u o G £ o G C 3 U O G Oe Ofolest andTCeioest Clrt o/Ctmer/ca In the January 7broom Maya Sculpture and Architecture Contemporary American Prose and Poetry The Art of the Mayas was the earliest American Art. Conceived some ten centuries ago, it remains the magnificent expression of one of the noblest races which inhabited America. Since then, many races, many cultures have come and gone. All but the topography of North America has been altered. But the new races which populate the transformed continent are also creating a new art which mirrors as faiths fully the astonishing environment they have made for themselves. Why not read them now? BROOM from old Europe will present in the JANUARY number an array of AMERICAN writings such as no magazine in America has yet ventured. Why not read them now? PRIZE CONTEST •Si Which prominent American does this portrait-statue represent. PRIZES for best answers! V "SPs 1st. PRIZE Subscription to BROOM for Life. 2nd. PRIZE One year's subscription to BRO 0 M 3rd. PRIZE One years subscription to BROOM. BROOM has never lacked faith in the Artistic future of America. Here are new writers, some known, most unknown, whose work is as varied, as fertile, as powerfully muscled as anything being written in England France or Germany. Here is Comparative Literature. Here are writers who will be studied in Courses in Comparative Literature twenty years hence. Why not read them now? KAy BOyLE MARIANNE MOORE ROBERT SANBORN MALCOLM COWLEy MARGARET EVANS JEAN TOOMER WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS KENNETH BURKE GERTRUDE STEIN CHARLES GALWEy and others who are not to be had in book form, not to be found on library shelves. In them is the clamor of a young culture. The JANUARy number of BROOM is a challenge to Americans to recognize a national art as profoundly American as BASEBALL THE CINEMA THE JAZZ BAND AND THE DIZZY SKYSCRAPER while fundamentally in harmony with the Art of the ancient Mayas. The best way to be sure of reading them now is to SUBSCRIBE AT ONCE Five Dollars ($ 5) to BROOM 3 East Ninth Street, New York. 3 O 3 3 Q o* 3 O 3 3 O rt- n so 3 o 3 3 O rt n n 3 O * 3 O o CO (X. 3 O 3 3 O rt n n v 3 O 3 avou uiaij; puaj jou Aijav uiaijj paej jou Aijav uuaijj peaj jou Aijas. uiaijj jou Aijav Gifts for All in great variety and style—'to suit every age and taste and purse —for your friends, your family, your children, or other children. Books make particularly acceptable and lasting gifts. 0 N i u TH FOR MOTHER Books, Leather Goods, Portfc Engagement Pads, Brass ] Sets, Imported and Dom Stationery, Silver and Gold cils, Miniature Bibles. FOR CHILDREI Books: Myths, Legends, F Tales, History, Animal Stc Nursery Rhymes, Picture B( Games, Blocks, Toys. EX LIBRIS Picturesque Spain, by Profuse illustrations of little known spots of natur wonder. Architecture and Appl Spain, by Augusl A study of the beauti* ture, showing by more than tions the fulness of an art wh boyant fancy of the Moor w ness of the Goth. to 0 I 3 % % FATHER [ars, Diaries, Foun- dress Books, Brass Brass Paper Weights, &gt; Books, Reference :sk Sets. FRIENDS Cards, Book Ends, and Single Volumes Subscriptions to agazines. SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANY PARIS azine published in and fantastic beau- translation. $ 15.00 the year. of the Italian a Schottmuller. strations, the assem- r of Italian domestic An essential book $ 10.00 Degeneration in the Great French Masters, by Jean Carrere. A criticism of the tendencies in French literature from Rousseau, with much new light and personal anecdotes about Zola, Verlaine, Chateaubriand, and others. $ 4.00 The French Revolution: A Historical Sketch, by Walter Geer. The first book in English for forty years on the great Revolution. Geer deals with men. His history has the swiftness of an outline with the intimacy of a biography, and is always soundly grounded, A comprehensive and authentic book. $ 5.00 Italian Romance Writers, by Joseph Spencer Kennard. A discussion of the art and work of the great Italian romancers of the present and past generations. Dr. Kennard is equally facile in Italian and English. His novels have sold second only to those of D'Annunzio in Italy. A necessary book for quid understanding of Italian literature. $ 2.50 BRENTANO'S NEW YORK Paris Washington London THE m Printed by Richard Labisch &amp; Co., Graphische Kunsianstalt G.m. b. H., Berlin 027 (Germany) BROOM An International Magazine of the Arts Published by Harold A. Loeb. Editor, Harold a. Loeb. Associate Editor, Matthew Josephson. American Editor, Lola Ridge. DECEMBER, 1922 APPEARS MONTHLY VOL. 4, NO. 1 ' •The Editor of Broom will be pleased to consider mss. submitted to him, but all mss. mustbe accompanied by a self-addressed, stamped envelope. The Editor cannot hold himself respon- sible for loss of mss. in transit.Mss. from Europe should be sent to the Berlin officemss. from America to the NewYork office.The price of Broom is:For America, fifty cents the copy, and five dollars for a year's subscription. For Italy,10 lire the copy, and 100 lire for a year's subscription. For France, 6 francs the copy, and6o francs for a year's subscription. For Great Britain, 3 shillings the copy, and one pound andshillings for a year's subscription.The contents of this issue are protected by copyright, January, 1922. Infringement of samewill be prosecuted.Entered as Second Class matter at the Post Office at New York, N. y. April 22, 1922under the Act of March 3, 1879. Headquarters, Schicklerstrasse 5, Berlin, GermanyNew York Office, Three East Ninth Street. (Translated by A. Yarmolinsky) (translated from the French by K. C.) (Translated from the German by Matthew Josephson) (Translated by John Rodker) (Translated from the Hungarian) (Translated by Babette Deutsch &amp; A. Yarmolinsky) Printed by Richard Labisch &amp; Co., Graphische Kunsianstalt G.m. b. H., Berlin 027 (Germany) PageCover Design — (Woodcut) — Halicka —Seventh Street — Jean Toomer 3Stavrogin's Confession — Feodor Dostoyevski 4Dostoyevski — Louis Grudin . 12Woodcuts — Ladislas Medgyes 13,30Some Commonplaces on the Dance — Andr£ Levinson 14Jason and Medea — Engraving by J. Boydell facing 16Mlle. Puvign£, la Statue dans Pygmalion —by Boquet facing 17The Cosmic Theatre — Paul Scheerbart 22Notations from a Music Master's Roll Book — Henry Bellamann . . . 31Marie Taglioni dancing a Pas-de-Quatre — old Lithograph facing 32Fanny Elsler — Lithograph by G. Leybold facing 33The Lay of Maldoror — Comte de Lautr£amont •. . 35Young Mr. Elkins — Malcolm Cowley 52Carlotta Grisi — Old Lithograph facing 56Ballerinas — Pablo Picasso facing 57Instant Note on Waldo Frank — Matthew Josephson 57Dancer from the Ballet Tricorne — Pablo Picasso 61No. 19 — Louis Kassak- . 62Costume for Ravel's "Rhapsodie Espagnole" — Gontcharova 64On the Stairs Leading to My Marble Halls — Alfred Mombert , 65Suffering — Albert Ehrenstein 65The Moscow Art Theatre — H. A. L 66 SEVENTH STREET Jean Toomer Money burns the pocket, pocket hurts,Bootleggers in silken shirts,Ballooned, zooming Cadillacs,Whizzing, whizzing down the street-car tracks.Seventh Street is a bastard of Prohibition and the War. Acrude-boned, soft-skinned wedge of Negro life breathing its loaferair jazz songs and love thrusting unconscious rhythms, blackreddish blood, into the white and white-washed wood of Washing- ton. Stale soggy wood of Washington. Wedges rust in soggywood . . . Split it in two! Again! Again! Shred it! . . . the sun.Wedges are brilliant in the sun; ribbons of wet wood dry and blowaway. Black reddish blood. Pouring for crude-boned soft-skinnedlife, who set you flowing? Blood suckers of the War would spinin a frenzy of dizziness if they drank your blood. Prohibitionwould put a stop to it. Who set you flowing? White and white- wash disappear in blood. Who set you flowing? Flowing downthe smooth asphalt of Seventh Street, in shanties, brick office buil- dings, theatres, drug stores, restaurants, and cabarets? Eddyingon the corners? Swirling like a blood-red smoke up where thebuzzards fly in heaven? God would not dare to suck black redblood. A Nigger God! He would duck his head in shame andcall for the Judgment Day. Who set you flowing?Money burns the pocket, pocket hurts,Bootleggers in silken shirts,Ballooned, zooming Cadillacs,Whizzing, whizzing down the street-car tracks. i* STAVROGIN'S CONFESSION Feodor Dostoyevski CHAPTER III The reading lasted about an hour. Tikhon read slowly and perhapsre-read several passages many times. All the time Stavrogin sat silent andmotionless. The shade of impatience, absentmindedness and, one might say,delirium which had hovered over his face all morning, vanished almost com- pletely, and was replaced by a calm and by a kind of sincerity, which gavehim the appearance of something close to dignity. Tikhon took off hisspectacles, paused, and finally looked up at him and began with a certaincautiousness:"And wouldn't you make some corrections in this document?""Why, I wrote sincerely," said Stavrogin."Possibly in the style. ."I forgot to warn you," said Stavrogin swiftly and abruptly, witha forward jerk of his whole body, "that all your words will be in vain;I shall not delay carrying out my intention; do not take the trouble to arguewith me. I will send it broadcast.""But you did remember to warn me before I began reading.""It's all one," Stavrogin interrupted brusquely, "I repeat: howeverstrong your arguments may be, I won't give up my intention. Note thatby this awkward or perhaps shrewd remark, however you may take it,I'm not trying to lead you on to argue with me and persuade me thatI should give up my idea.""I could hardly attempt to argue with you, let alone ask you to giveup your intention. This idea is a great idea, and a Christian thought couldnot express itself more amply. Repentance can go no further than theadmirable act which you have in mind, if only. . .""If only what?""If only it is really repentance and really a Christian thought.""I was writing sincerely.""It is as though you purposely presented yourself as a coarser manthan your heart would dictate. . ." Tikhon was getting bolder and bolder.Obviously the "document" had made a very strong impression on him. r Presented? I repeat, I didn't present myself, I did not pose."Tikhon quickly dropped his eyes."This document comes straight from a heart wounded unto death.Isn't that true?" he said with persistence and with extraordinary fire. "Yes,this is repentance and the natural need for it which has overcome you,and you are on a great road, an incredible road. But it is as though youwere already hating and despising in advance all those who will read whatyou have written, and as though you were challenging them to an encounter.Since you are not ashamed to confess your crime, why are you ashamedof repentance?""Ashamed?""Yes, ashamed and afraid.""Afraid?""Terribly. 'Let them look at me,' you say; and you yourself, howwill you look at them? Some of the passages in your narrative areexaggerated by virtue of style; it is as if you were admiring your ownpsychologizing, and you cling to each detail so as to amaze the reader bya callousness which isn't really in you. What is this, if not the guilty one'sproud defiance of his judge?""But where is the defiance? I eliminated all discussion on my part."Tikhon passed this over in silence. A faint color came into his palecheeks."Let's leave this subject," Stavrogin cut him off abruptly. "Allow me,on my side, to put a question to you: we have been talking for some fiveminutes after this,"(he motioned with his head toward the pamphlet) "andyou show no signs of disgust or shame... It seems you are not squeamish..."He did not finish."I shall hide nothing from you: I was horrified to see so much idleenergy spent upon abominations. As for the crime itself, many commit it,but live at peace with their consciences, considering that it belongs to theirinevitable wild oats. There are old men too who sin likewise, even wantonlyand playfully. All these horrors fill the whole world. As for you, you haveperceived all the depths of this vileness, a thing which rarely happensso completely.""Am I to understand that you have begun to respect me after thesesheets?" Stavrogin grinned crookedly."To this I shall give you no direct answer. Of course there is notand there cannot be, a greater and more fearful crime than your act againstthe child." "Let's give up this measuring by the yard stick. Perhaps I do notsuffer as much as I wrote here. And perhaps I lied a lot about myself,"he added unexpectedly.Tikhon passed this over in silence also."And this young lady," began Tikhon again, "with whom you brokein Switzerland, where is she at present, if I may take the liberty ofasking you?""Here."Another pause."Perhaps I lied a good deal to you about myself," Stavrogin repeatedinsistently. "What if I have defied them by the coarseness of my confession,if you did notice the challenge? I will only force them to hate me more,that's all. That will only make it easier for me.""That is, their hatred will only rouse hatred in you, and hating, youwill feel more comfortable than if you had accepted pity from them.""You're right. You know,"he laughed suddenly, "they'll probablycall me a Jesuit and a pious hypocrite after this document. Ha! Hal Ha!Isn't that so?""Of course, such words will certainly be said. And how soon do youintend to carry out your intention?""Today, tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, how do I know? Onlyvery soon. You're right: I believe I will do it suddenly, in a fit of revengeand hatred, at a moment when I hate them most.""Just answer one question, but sincerely, only to me, to me alone," saidTikhon in an entirely different tone of voice. "If someone were to forgiveyou for this," (Tikhon pointed to the pamphlet) "and not anyone whomyou respect or fear, but a stranger, a man whom you will never know, whowould forgive you mutely, while reading your terrible confession, wouldthe thought of this make it easier for you, or would it be all the sameto you?""It would be easier," answered Stavrogin in a low voice. "If youwere to forgive me, it would make it much easier for me," he added,lowering his eyes."I will forgive you, if you forgive me also," said Tikhon, in a voicebetraying deep emotion."Bad humility. You know, these monkish formulae are altogetherungraceful. I will tell you the whole truth: I want to have you forgive me.And perhaps to have another man, and even a third, do so too, but leteverybody else hate me. But I want this simply that I may bear withhumility. . "And you couldn't bear universal pity with the same humility?""Perhaps not. Why do you ask?""I feel the depth of your sincerity, and of course, it's my fault thatI do not know how to approach people. I always felt it to be my greatfailing," said Tikhon with warm frankness, looking straight into Stavrogin'seyes. ffl ask, because I fear for you," he added. "You have an almostimpassable abyss before you.""I shan't endure it, I shan't be able to stand their hatred?" Stavroginwas roused."Not hatred alone.""What else?""Their laughter," the words escaped from Tikhon as though withdifficulty, in a half-whisper.Stavrogin was taken aback. His face showed his alarm."I foresaw it,"he said. "Do you too find me very ridiculous, afterhaving read my document? Don't let it trouble you, don't be embarrassed.I expected it.""There will be universal horror, and of course, more sham than real.People are only terrified by what directly threatens their personal interests.I do not speak of the pure souls, they will be horrified secretly, and willblame only themselves, but they will be unnoticeable because they willhold their peace. But the laughter will be universal.""I am surprised to see what a bad, what a low opinion you have ofpeople," Stavrogin dropped, with a somewhat embittered air."And will you believe me, I judge more by myself than by whatI know of others," exclaimed Tikhon."Really? Is it possible that there is something in your soul whichrejoices in my misery?""Who knows? Perhaps there is. Oh, yes, perhaps there is.""Enough. Tell me then, what is there in particular in my manuscriptthat is ridiculous? I know it myself, but I want to have it pointed outby your finger. And be as cynical as possible, and speak with all thefrankness of which you are capable. And let me tell you again that youare an awfully queer fellow.""Even in the very form of this great confession there is somethingridiculous. Oh, don't doubt but that you'll conquer," he suddenly exclaimed,almost rapturously. "Even this form," he pointed to the pamphlet again,"will avail, if only you will sincerely accept the blows and the spittle. It wasalways thus, that the most disgraceful cross became a great glory and a great power, if only the humility of the act is sincere. It may be thatyou will be solaced even while alive.""And so it is in the form alone, perhaps, that you find somethingridiculous?" insisted Stavrogin."In the substance too. The ugliness will kill," whispered Tikhon,lowering his eyes."The ugliness? What ugliness?""Of the crime. There are truly unbeautiful crimes. Grimes, no matterwhat they are, are the more imposing, the more picturesque, so to speak,the more blood, the more horror there is; but there are shameful, disgracefulcrimes which escape the dreadful, so to speak, which are all too un- graceful. . ."Tikhon did not finish his sentence.' That is," Stavrogin fell in, agitatedly, "you found I cut a very ridi- culous figure when I kissed the dirty little girl's hand. ... I understandyou perfectly. And you fear for me desperately, precisely because this isugly, disgusting, no, not that, not disgusting, but shameful, ridiculous, andyou believe that this is what I'm not likely to endure."Tikhon was silent.I understand why you asked whether the young lady from Switzerlandis here.""You aren't prepared, you are not inured," whispered Tikhon timidly,dropping his eyes. "You are torn out of your soil, you have no faith.""Listen, Father Tikhon: I myself want to be able to forgive myself.That's my chief aim, that's my whole aim!" Stavrogin said suddenly,with gloomy rapture in his eyes. "I know that only then the vision willvanish. That is why I seek measureless suffering, I seek it myself. Do notfrighten me, or I will perish in my viciousness."This fit of frankness was so unexpected that Tikhon rose to his feet."If you believe that you yourself can forgive yourself, and that youcan attain to that forgiveness in this world by suffering, if you set yourselfsuch a goal with faith, then you have complete faith!" exclaimed Tikhonrapturously. "How then could you say that you don't believe in God?"Stavrogin did not answer."God will forgive your unfaith, for you honour the Holy Ghost withoutknowing it.""And by the way, will Christ forgive?" asked Stavrogin with a crookedgrin, rapidly changing his tone, and there was a slight shade of irony in his voice. "It is said in Scripture 'Whoso shall offend one of these littleones,' remember? According to the Gospels there is no greater crime."1"Simply, you are anxious to avoid a scandal, and you set a trap forme, my good Father Tikhon," Stavrogin drawled casually and spitefully,half rising. "In short, what you want is to have me become respectable,marry perhaps, and end my life as a member of the local club, visitingthe monastery each holiday. A penance, of course, isn't that so? However,as a searcher of hearts perhaps you have the feeling that no doubt that'show it will all end, and it's all a question of having you plead with meinsistently for the sake of appearances, because it's really the only thingthat I'm after, isn't that so?"He laughed brokenly."No, not that penance, I'm preparing another one," continued Tikhonwith fire, without paying the slightest attention to Stavrogin's remark andhis laughter."I know an old man, he's not here, but not far from here either, a monkand hermit, and of such Christian spirit that you and I could hardly understandhim. He will heed my entreaties. I will tell him everything about you.Go to him, and become a novice under him for some five or seven years,for as long as you find it necessary. Take a vow and through this greatsacrifice you will purchase all that you desire, and even more than youexpect, for you cannot appreciate now what you will receive."Stavrogin listened earnestly. "You bid me become a monk and enterthe monastery?""You do not have to enter the monastery. You do not have to takeorders. Simply be a novice, secretly. You can do this living in the world.""Quit it, Father Tikhon," Stavrogin interrupted disgustedly, and rosefrom his chair. Tikhon rose also."What is the matter with you?" he exclaimed suddenly, staring almostfearfully at Tikhon.Tikhon stood before him, his palms pressed together and thrustforward, and a morbid convulsion, apparently caused by an overwhelmingfear, momentarily contorted his features."What is the matter with you? What is the matter with you?"repeated Stavrogin, running toward him to support him. It seemed toStavrogin that the man was going to faint. "I see. . . I see clearly," exclaimed Tikhon in a penetrating voiceand with an expression of most intense grief, "that never, poor lost youth,have you stood nearer to a new and more terrible crime than at this moment.""Compose yourself," Stavrogin begged him, positively alarmed forhim. "Perhaps I will postpone. . . You're right. ..""No, not after the publication, but even before it, a day, an hourperhaps, before the great step, you will plunge into a new crime as a wayout for you, and you will commit it solely to avoid the publication ofthese sheets."Stavrogin veritably shook with anger, and with some fear."Cursed psychologist!" he broke out in a rage, suddenly cutting theconversation short, and without looking back, left the cell. 1 This is the end of the fourteenth galley. There is a gap between it and thebeginning of the next galley. POSTSCRIPT A. Y. The proof-sheets which contain the preceding text are crowded withcorrections and insertions. Yet hardly any of them are sufficiently significantto demand inclusion in this translation. Even with these changes the textlacks the polish of final copy. In this connection it is pertinent to notethat there exists another version of Stavrogin's Confession, which presentsinternal evidence of being an earlier variant. This is a manuscript, writtenin Madame Dostoyevski's hand, and kept with other Dostoyevski materialin the Pushkin House attached to the Russian Academy of Sciences. Thistext was published in a Russian historical review practically simultaneouslywith our own.The two texts differ considerably in phrasing, especially in the thirdchapter. The text given here is on the whole more concise. The manuscriptversion contains a curious detail of composition characteristic of Dostoyevski'sliterary technique. Stavrogin hands Tikhon his confession sheet by sheet,and the first sheet carries the narrative to the point where the reader expectsa description of his crime. When Tikhon has read this sheet Stavrogin,instead of handing him the second one, gives him the third. The followingdialogue ensues: " 'That second sheet is under censorship for the time being,' saidStavrogin rapidly, with an awkward smile. He was sitting in the cornerof the divan, and watching Tikhon with a steady, feverish stare. 'You'llget it later, when you deserve it,' he added, with an unsuccessful attemptat familiarity. He laughed, but it was pitiful to look at him.'Well, second sheet or third sheet, it's all the same now,' remarkedTikhon.'What do you mean — all the same? Why?' cried Stavrogin, startingforward. 'It's by no means all the same. Ah, you, as a monk, mustimmediately suspect the worst. A monk would make the best prosecutor.'Tikhon regarded him silently.'Compose yourself. It isn't my fault if the little girl was foolish andmisunderstood my intentions. . . Nothing happened. . . Ab-so-lute-lynothing.''Well, then God be thanked,' Tikhon crossed himself.fIt would take too long to explain. It was merely a psychologicalmisunderstanding.'He blushed suddenly. Disgust, longing, despair were written on hisface. He stopped abruptly. For more than a minute neither of them spokeor looked at the other.'You know, you'd better read it,' he said, automatically wiping thecold perspiration off his forehead. 'And you'd better stop looking at mealtogether. . . It seems to me that I'm dreaming. . . And remember, I'mat the end of my patience,' he added in a whisper.Tikhon swiftly turned his eyes away, took up the third sheet andread the pamphlet to the end without interruption."In the third chapter Dostoyevski indicates that both men disregardStavrogin's denial of his crime. In this chapter the novelist introducesan incident which he omits from our version. Stavrogin picks up a smallivory crucifix from the table, and turning it nervously about in his fingers,accidentally snaps it two. It is curious to note that this is a favoritedevice of Dostoyevski's for symbolizing the tragic split in the spirit ofthe unbeliever. DOSTOYEVSKI Louis Grudin A man with a face like a thin green wavethat rose in a drawn treble against the darkness,stood in a small bare room;it fled in four directionsfrom the frantic gaslight.Faces vaguely resembling his ownranged about him and hung in straight lines,like an abandoned quest.Hungers with tired handsand hatreds, breast to breastgroped toward him, cryingthat their struggles were unavailing,and in their midst a ceaseless wailingsuddenly choked itself, explainingthat it did not know how to die;a man and woman relinquished each otherand pointed to their futile bruises;a violent ghost leaped before himand fluttered with a pain without words;among them hovereda woman with an invisible faceand shoulders like a heavy scentwhich she had wearied of pursuing;a giant stared at his own phosphorescenceand begged with guiltless candor,from a heap of implements and rags,to be told what he wanted. The young man stumbled among them and theyclung to his clothes,their voices struck him like hail,and he cried that he was only a child.He fled till he knew they would not vanish,then he lay, whispering their questions,tasting them warily, as thoughhe had learnt how to sip poison;it flamed gently in his veins,and he knew the gaiety of thosethat need no sunlight and can no longer die. SOME COMMONPLACES ON THE DANCE Andre Levinson Jason and Medea Engraving by J. Boydell, 1781 Mile. Puvigné, La Statue dans Pygmalion Boquet &lt;18 th. Century&gt; I THE BALLET AND THE ANTIQUE DANCE The position to which the classic ballet has been relegated by publicopinion for the last fifteen years is such that any discussion of the subjectis apt to resemble a trial by jury, with the partisan of the ballet in therole of attorney for the defence. This being the case, I take the witnessstand with alacrity and shall restrict myself simply to refuting some ofthe arguments of my adversaries.The supreme argument triumphantly hurled in the teeth of the devoteeof the ballet is the example of the ancients. It is one of the confirmedhabits of our civilization when seeking a renewal either of inspiration orexecution to turn towards Ancient Greece."It was thus in Greek times"has become a phrase to conjure with — and this in spite of our freedomfrom all aesthetic dogma and our revolt against the categorical imperativeof the laws governing creative effort.The actual reformers of the dance invoke the Hellenic tradition withprofound conviction. For example Isadora Duncan dancing before thecamera in the fforchestra" of the deserted theatre of Dyonisios, and studyingantique monuments in the Museums! Or Fokine the famous Russianmaitre de ballet, composer of Narcisse, Daphriis arid Chlo 'e, and the dancesfor Gluck's Orpheus; and did I not one hear a savant partisan of JacquesDalcroze honor his method with the name of Rhythmic orchestic?In reality nothing could be more arbitrary or more paradoxical thanthis constant opposing of the antique orchestic to our ballet.True, during three centuries numerous attempts to reconstitute theantique dance from literary sources have failed lamentably. MonsieurMaurice Emmanuel alone, in his remarkable book, succeeded in giving aplausible and precise idea of the mysterious orchestic of the Greeks, byjuxtaposing reproductions of 600 friezes and monuments illustrating theGreek dance with photographs of the movements of the contemporary ballet.A few conclusive examples will suffice to prove the analogy betweenthe classic ballet and the orchestic dance and to eliminate certain pre- judices which tend to distort the facts. A great number of poses and steps(and the monuments analysed by Emmanuel prove this) constitute a commonfoundation for the two styles — ballet and orchestic. I will mentiononly the attitudes, the battemerits, the jetes, the glisses, even the rfentrechat"and the famous fouette, considered by some detractors to be a lucu- bration of the late nineteenth century.The antique dance practised leaps and cabrioles as well as the stepswhich do not leave the ground. Certain steps were executed on the flatfoot, others on the half toe and still others, contrary to the general opinion,on the toe. This latter performance of the Greek orchestic was onlyattained by the ballet one century ago.The naive idea that "bare feet" constituted an essential element ofGreek dancing comes from the conventionalized method of representationemployed by Greek sculptors and decorators. The ordinary shoe of theGreek dancer, the crepide with flexible sole, appears to have been muchlike our ballet slipper. The insistence upon nudity, as well as upon theuse of the short tunic has been "made up out of whole cloth" by thepopularized Hellenism of today. As a matter of fact the antique dancemade much of the play of complicated draperies.At the base of the mechanical and decorative structure of the balletis the principle, (formulated for the first time by Jean Georges Noverre,developed by Carlo Blasis and later by Del Sarte) of opposition of the differentparts of the body (the right arm balancing the left leg etc.) which givesthe maximum of stability and harmony. The same principle is found inmany statues of the antique dance.This brief summary leads us to infer that there was not merelya fortuitous resemblance but a fundamental affinity between the techniqueof the ballet and the methods of the antique dance.The Greek dance was not, as we are too apt to believe, a mere variantof habitual and ordinary movements; it was on the contrary the result ofa conscious and complicated technique and was, like every real art expression,artificial.That which absolutely fixes the boundaries of the two domains is therole played by the arms. It goes without saying that in the poses andsteps where the movements of the arms and legs balance according to thelaw of opposition the analogy remains. Otherwise the position of thearms in ballet dancing is determined by fixed decorative rules, — alwaysconserving a beautiful unity of line. Thus the position of the hand issubordinated to that of the arm; even the fingers are restricted to a fewcombinations. And though our ballet includes an expressive pantomime, this only alternates with the pure dance and never encroaches upon itsessential unity.The antique dance on the other hand, was dualistic. The legs danced,the arms talked; the dancer was also a chirosopher. The decorative positionof the arms was replaced by the significant gesture. The gesture had tobe able to say everything and"to say everything in the clearest possiblemanner." The expressive faculties of the arm were possibilities which weremeticulously studied: the hand, free, moved independently; each fingerhad its role; one part of "the language of the hands" (chironomy) was the"language of the fingers" (dactylology).Thus dance and pantomime formed in Greek times a complete ensemble,while the dance of the ballet is limited by fixed gymnastic formulae andalternates with the pantomime.Here are in short the similarities between the Greek dance and theballet. The technique of the ballet creates a system of artificial movement,whose smallest details are foreordained, prescribing the amplitude of thevarious movements within definite limits, subject to its inherent logic andacting upon the "plane" of pure form, without paying attention to thespecific emotions of pantomime. Its mechanical and decorative canonsare inalterable; it has evolved through two centuries of uninterrupted tradi- tion. The antique dance does not present such homogeneity, the intrinsiclaw of the dance is less evident. The Greek dance formed, above all, thegymnastic and rhythmic basis of the pantomime. The ballet on the con- trary, is pure dance and its spiritual content is expressed through the inter- play of balanced lines and masses.My reason for insisting upon the parallel between the two styles isthat many elements which our reformers seek in the antique danceare already present and harmoniously developed in the ballet dance.Emmanuel's book, which is a source of authentic information, deals only»with the gymnastic side, the pure dance of the orchestic. The expressiveside, the pantomime of this art, is not even touched upon in his work.Let us see how this pantomime was produced. Was it a free impro- visation springing from the legendary joie de vivre of the ancient Greek, theexpression of his sensibility, a sort of choreographic impressionism? Wemight think so if we heeded certain propogandists of the "Greek revival."Our literary documents alone suffice to prove the contrary. TrueI am but a mediocre humanist and can make no pretence at paleography.Moreover the existent texts, the collection of which was begun in the16th century, are fragmentary. The sole evidence belonging to the classicperiod, the treatise on the dance by Aristoxenes, the illustrious theorist of rhythm, is lost; and the exact significance of the orchestic terminologyis far from proven.But the little we actually know permits us to affirm that nothing inthe Greek orchestics was left to chance or to the incoherent inspirationof the executant. Movement and gesture were restricted by severe rules,unchangeable as a liturgical ceremony. It was an extraordinary languageof forms, hieratic like all the Greek dramas and very probably incom- prehensible to the uninitiated. And, it is not without reason that Atheneus,encyclopedist of the Roman epoch glorified in the person of Aeschylus, theaustere warrior of Marathon, not only the great poet but also the inventorof several new choreographic formulae (schemata.)It follows that if the sublime spirit of the antique orchestics stillexists anywhere it is in the forms of our classic ballet. There we find ifnot the direct continuation of the Greek dance, at least its aesthetic equi- valent, a method born of the same preoccupations, subordinating thedancer to the law of mobile forms while freeing him from the anarchicfantasies of his personal sensibility.It is high time that the prejudices which range the antique Helledeupon the side of the Duncans and the Dalcrozes in their combat againstthe art of the ballet, be eliminated, for it is a presumption founded upona misconception. II THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE DANCE Taken in a general sense, the effort of the supposed reformers of thedance — be they named Fokine or Duncan — is above all an attemptto base the dance upon a rational or psychological foundation. One cannotmove without reason; in order to hold interest the dance must have a subject.Thus philosophical rationalism being already "dead and buried" some artistsadvance a sophomoric rationalism, a teleology which very nearly approachesan utilitarian conception of the dance — the freeing of the body fromthe limitations of a style, from the immorality of unnatural conventions,and Heaven knows what other humanitarian and pedagogical nonsense!They would have the dance express definite emotions, be determinedby rational motives. But what precise emotion does the overture to the"Magic Flute" express? What plausible subject inspired the trills fromthe "Queen of Night?" Why did El Greco exaggerate the length of limbin his saints and martyrs? Of what use are the fugues of Bach? 2 The apparent irrationality of the ballet, the absence of a passablebridge between the abstract spirit of its form and the superficial phenomenaof our emotional life, aroused a profound distrust of the "dance for itsown sake" in half cultured renovators, and orientated them toward pan- tomime, archeology, and folk dancing. They would sacrifice everythingto a psychological realism, to an exact and intense evocation of the passions.They envy the drama where everything is motivated. They seek the com- prehensible, the explicable, the truth that can be proven; and they askperplexedly. "What sense is there in spinning like a top?" Naturalismhaving exhausted literature, seized upon the art of the comedian; now thatthe comedy has thrown it off, it menaces the ballet. The old doctrine— "Life is the law of art" —is again being preached to us. Let us considerit. Life is the raw material out of which art is made, but does this material(whether it be marble or the human body) contain within itself the lawof creation? "The most important problem of architecture" — says SalomonReinach in his splendid book, — "is the victory over the suggestions of itsmedium."What is then the aesthetic nature of the classic ballet? It is not easyto define, but the ancient sage frankly acknowledged that it was "difficultto define beauty."It is easy to describe the technique, the gymnastics of the ballet dance,but who would think of establishing for each movement a correspondingpsychological idea? The ballet dance, as we have already said, is not deter- mined by any exterior motive. It includes its own law, its own logicand any departure from that logic, pertaining to a body moving in spacewith the aim of creating beauty by organized dynamism, is perfectly apparentto the spectator.One of the fundamentals of the ballet dance is equilibrium, the searchfor absolute balance. Hence the shape of the ballet slipper — flat sole andreinforced toe. "It is then the simple and irritating necessity of furnishinga balancing point for the ballerina which determines the shape of this shoewhich you extol!" — jeer my adversaries. I find this necessity neithersimple nor irritating. All architectural art is founded upon necessities justas simple. What is a buttress if not a force counterbalancing the pressureof the arch? What is a colonnade but a system of pillars supporting theweight of the cross beams?In so far as it is possible to compare movement with immobilitywe find many points of analogy between architecture and the ballet. Likearchitecture the ballet is an emanation of geometrical and spatial con- ceptions. It is a Raum Kunst — "The art of space," as the Germans call the arrangement of architectural interiors. It reduces its splendid and vibrantinstrument — the human body — to its tectonic not plastic elements. Forthe plastic volume is autonomous, limited by the form. The framework ofthe dance is like the draft of a temple formed by lines — lines whichare often ideally prolonged in space. This is why classic choreographycan disregard certain plastic peculiarities of the human body which wouldbreak its unity of line.Thus the leg of the ballerina with instep thrown out and toes rigidcreates a vertical line of incomparable purity from which radiates a char- ming and delicate play of curved lines. In this position the shape of theleg, subordinate to the single movement of the whole body, loses its individualcharacter and becomes conventionalized or generalized."You would like to synthesize the dance then, but that is the oppositeof art; you would achieve a dull uniformity; you would suppress creativedevelopment by doing away with individuality" and my adversaries woulddemand individual rights for each toe and finger, and tear the rosesatin of Cinderella's slipper and the silken threads of her fleshings (forgenerally the first gesture of the modern dancer is to discard fleshings.)Every artist, painter or sculptor begins with what is individual andworks toward the typical, eliminating accidental and emphasizing essentialelements. Creation is a constant deformation of empiric reality, a progresstoward a superior reality, de realibus ad realiora. The path of the artistleads always from the concrete to the symbolic.Who dares criticize the spirit of uniform synthesis found in Egyptiansculpture, in the Byzantine mosaics of Ravenna or the primitive Siennesefrescoes? Decidedly all these rebellions against the conventional formulaeof the ballet must be relegated to the garret along with old fashionednaturalist methods.There is nothing more unnatural than the fundamental position ofthe ballet technique, the feet turned directly outwards, but the result of thishabit achieved by years of gymnastic training is not only a balance whichsurmounts all difficulties but also an extraordinary amplitude of movement.Thus the moving leg can be raised until it forms an obtuse angle with thepivot leg without upsetting the centre of gravity. Natural movement actsupon a limited plane while the ballet dancer can move with equal freedomin all directions.Under the old regime with its great formal culture, a close relationexisted between the theatrical dance and the dances of Court and Society.But with the decline of mondaine choreographic education not only the 2* theatrical dance but even its elementary position became impossible for thenon professional.As it was more and more monopolized by professional artists theartificial character of the dance became increasingly pronounced and at thesame time more spiritualized.The idealistic cult of the toe dance and the elevation, which determinedthe forms of our contemporary ballet made its first appearance in thebeginning of the nineteenth century. Noverre, the "Shakespeare of thedance," in the eighteenth century knew nothing of the whirling movementson the toe nor of balance prolonged in the attitudes.This is not the first time that a crisis has occured in the developmentof the ballet. They recur periodically and their usual symptom is thepredominance of pantomime.In the middle of the eighteenth century there was the rationalistcrisis; in the beginning of the nineteenth the romantic crisis. Both menacedthe ballet but it survived them enriched by new resources. The evolutionof its technique has continued uninterruptedly. The different centuriesthrough which the ballet has passed have left their impression upon itsscenic arrangement. The libretto of 1830 is still its model and through thisromantic veneer we catch glimpses of rococo affectations, the pompous alle- gories of the French Baroque. These echoes of the past may charm us —memories light as the pollen of flowers upon a butterfly's wing. But theliving spirit of the ballet is not in these seductive futilities. She is nota marquise in powder and patches!Today the ballet is passing through a third crisis. I do not knowif it will prove as fecund as the other two, but I doubt not that the balletwill rise like the Phoenix from its ashes. It will adopt more profoundmodern theatrical conceptions. It will create for itself a new pictorial orarchitectural milieu. All the fortuitous elements, ephemeral and extraneous,which hide its true essence will fall by their own weight.In this "twilight of the false gods" of dilettantism, of eclecticism, whichwould transform the dance into an ethnological or archeological exhibition,the classic ballet shines forth in all its splendor. For it presents unlimitedplastic and dynamic possibilities. We have seen how the establishment ofan artificial equilibrium multiplies these possibilities. Doubtless the numberof fundamental movements is limited, like the colors of the spectrum visibleto the human eye, or the sounds perceptible to human hearing; but themultitude of possible combinations, shades and variations, passes all imagi- nation. It is only to the uneducated eye inapt to observe subtilities that the ballet appears monotonous, as is the measured verse of the poet to theuncultured ear.These assertions are supported by incontestable evidence. And nowthe reformers admit the ballet scoffed at during a quarter of a century bythe elite as well as the common herd, but they admit it only to combat itthe better. Slily they try to crush it beneath their respect and relegateit to the museum. ffVery well," they say, ffbut can we attempt nothingnew? Do you insist upon the monopoly of the dance by the ballet?1'And what if I do? Frankly these questions seem to me suspicious.Why should one so earnestly seek what one has already found.? Why shouldone replace a thing which one publicly approves?Two formidable armies are leagued against the ballet — those whodo not see and prefer to touch, to hear, to feel, and those who could notif they would. But the classic ballet strong in its tradition in accordancewith the spirit of order and discipline which animates the elite of today,will triumph over this conspiracy of the blind and the paralytic, whichI shall never cease to denounce.May these few lines aid her triumph! THE COSMIC THEATRE Paul Scheerbart "Bring the Edam cheese now," called Mr. vom Treckenbrock at thedisappearing back of the servant.At this Justina, the spouse of Mr. vom Treckenbrock saw fit toremark: "I find the Edam cheese quite revolting today; I can't stand it.My dear Justus, can you not forego the cheese this time, and suffer it toremain in the kitchen?""But my dear Justina," asserted Justus very roundly, ffl have neverseen you show such antipathy to Edam cheese before; I can't understandyou. Frederick do bring the Edam cheese."And Frederick brought in, upon a big dark blue plate, the big roundcarmine-red cheese.Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock took the long wide carving knife andwas just about to cut the Edam cheese squarely through the middle, whenhis wife Justina cried out in fear: "Justus, dear Justus. Don't do it! Don'tcut it! I can't bear it today; I fear that some disaster will befall us, if youdo it today."Struck by this, Justus remained silent for a moment and regardedhis wife strangely.Finally he said in a measured voice: "Then I must beg you to giveme an explanation of all this. It passes beyond my understanding whyI should not cut up my round little Edam cheese."Justina replied: "The round red ball that lies before you on the darkblue plate, reminds me of so many things which move me strangely. To methe round cheese seems just like a great drop of blood. You have alwayssaid that in our tiny world the smallest things lead to the greatest con- sequences, and vice versa. Like the astrologers, you have always believedthat the planets of our solar system exert a powerful influence upon thelives of men. The sun itself and our moon undoubtedly play a great rolein our life. And so I feel that even the smallest things — such as this Edamcheese — can alter our destinies fatally. It is not merely the Edam cheese;but I feel somehow that the Edam cheese will have some effect upon theplay which you are to present to us tonight.""Fine!" said Justus, "if you believe that even the tiniest things and themost casual actions can endanger a whole life, I should be the last one to oppose you — for it is all undoubtedly true. Nay, Igo further. I believethat the life of a man can become dangerous to a colossal star. I am ready,then, to send the nice Edam cheese back to the kitchen and continueour play without any Edam."ffßut, no!" cried Justina, tfl must beg you also to give up the playtor tonight."Mr. vom Treckenbrock, however, had invited six guests, who hadcome purely to see the cosmic drama; he replied in a rather harsh voice,his face becoming quite red: ffMy dear Justina, you cannot very well asksuch a thing of me. If it is impossible for you to attend the performance,you can easily leave the room while it is going on. I was not broughtinto this world to treat your most unfounded misgivings with the tenderestregard."ffYou have no regard for anybody," retorted Justina vehemently.It is precisely your complete indifference to everyone and everything thatmakes me so unhappy, that makes me feel that sometime they will be justas indifferent about us."Then the guests spoke soothing words.But nothing helped.Justina only became the more aroused.She spoke decisively and in a rather loud voice: ffYou-do not knowmy husband. You do not know how violent and ill-tempered he is — howhe always expresses himself in the crudest speech of the common people— how he hates the common people — how he wishes them the mosthorrible end — how he prizes the old Mithra legend in which the ignorantand witless are tortured to death. Do you think that these cruel and callouswords will have no rebound upon him? We can never know what willhappen. But we should fear for what may happen. Boastful domineeringmen always come to some unhappy end. We must be more tolerant aboutthat which we cannot bear: we must realize that we are not the mastersof our destinies."Justus wanted to interrupt his wife, but she kept on with her handupraised and even more animatedly: "Why does my husband alwaysprate of the countless relationships between stars and men? Why doeshe say that the each is bound up in the all, when he seeks merely to tearoil the threads which bind him to the rest of mankind. There is somethingillogical about all this. How often we have spoken of the inner relationshipsof all things and all forms of life — especially, how one word could releasea whole procession of images and associations of thought — and how accordingly one single thoughtless act — such as the cutting of an Edamcheese — could unloose a whole succession of dreadful catastrophes."tfMy dear wife," cried Justus laughing, "of course anything maycome to pass. Certainly. By all means. That is, however, the big thingin life: that something unexpected is always liable to happen. If weknew everything beforehand, the future would have no charm for us.If we knew what would become of us after death, death would no longerbe so impressive. And it is precisely its impressiveness that counts with us."He was silent, but his wife was not; she resumed bitterly: "Youoverlook what is essential. I feel that an art which addresses itself onlyto a few and not to many, is something barbarous. Understand me, bar- barous. It is just those people who try to pass for superior or extremelycultured persons by avoiding all contact with simple people, who are tomy mind nothing but plain blockheads. Every fresh outburst of rage, mydear Justus, has its echo. And you rage against the ignorant, who, youare firmly convinced, can not understand your cosmic drama. You willbe punished for this hatred. That is why I fear something will happentonight if you present your cosmic drama before only seven or eight people.Why didn't you invite more guests?"I do not throw my pearls to swine," retorted Mr. vom Treckenbrockcoldly.His spouse rose from her chair and answered scornfully: "I neverbade you to invite such animals. But I see that all argument is fruitless.You will maintain your obstinacy and indifference at all costs. I shallno longer try to oppose you. Come what will. If the knife cuts the Edamcheese — or if something similar takes place in the Andromeda Nebulus— remember what I said! Think of me! We shall see each other againperhaps — under other circumstances."She bowed and, gathering up her rustling train, forsook the roomswiftly, swiftly.Mr. vom Treckenbrock looked at his guests, laughed, and then saidsoftly: "My wife seems to be very nervous. Please be so good as topardon her."These words spoken, he cut with one broad motion of his carvingknife the whole red Edam cheese in two halves, so that the two slices glowedwarmly upon the blue plate against the red crust of the cheese.This was in December of the year 1885. In the month of Augusta great star of the sixth magnitude had suddenly flared up in the AndromedaNebulus, which had grown verv much smaller bv the beginning of December. Astronomers had interpreted the sudden appearance of this great luminaryas a token of the doom of a whole astral system.Mr. vom Treckenbrock however, who had built an astronomicaltheatre in his castle in the Tyrol, did not at all accept this theory, and sohe invited six friends to a performance entitled: ffAn End-of-the-Worldwith a Surprise."After the cutting of the Edam cheese the wide black silk curtainswhich covered one whole wall of the dining room rolled back and the sevengentlemen suddenly found themselves staring into universal space. Theservants handed the guests opera-glasses and they all gaped at the count- less stars.ffGentlemen, you are now beholding the Andromeda Nebulus. I havebrought this highly interesting nebulus a few billion miles nearer to you.The nebulus is of course no nebulus at all; it consists of millions and millionsof stars like our Milky Way, and is lentil-shaped. But you are now so nearthis astral system that you can no longer perceive its shape. The stars thatyou are able to see compose only a small part of the whole system — thisvery system in which we discovered last August the new star of the sixthmagnitude. Scientists are of the opinion that the sudden appearance of thisnew orb can be ascribed to the collision of two suns; according to theirview we have witnessed the destruction of a whole solar system in theAndromeda Nebulus. According to science, the great stars of the universeare clumsy beasts who are afraid to come too near each other; as soon asthey get too near, they recoil violently, and crowding and bumping intoeach other are immediately transformed into smoke, steam and gas, outof which a great mass of light appears. To my mind, the stars are by nomeans such clumsy stupid beasts as our earthly scholars would have them;they are of course creatures who think differently from human beings,and are not stupider, but somewhat cleverer — in fact so clever that wecan never quite grasp them with our cumbersome systems of reasoning.One thing is certain to me, however: the stars can't be so foolish as to fallapart and be turned into mere atoms. Our conception of magnetic powerin order to be applied to cosmic phenomena must undergo a considerablerevision. The stars in our solar system, for instance, are so placed that(hey keep at a given distance from each other which does not permit oftoo great proximity. So with the cosmos. Look again, gentlemen, at yourease, at those parts of the Andromeda Nebulus which lie within your ken."This the six gentlemen did with alacrity.They saw also, that very few of the stars were spherical; most of the stars had long quivering snouts that seemed to go sniffing about in alldirections.And then there were stars that looked just like long telescopes, andcould in turn lengthen and shorten themselves.Other stars were shaped like crystals, and others again looked likelop-sided punctured toy balloons.The small creatures who lived on the outer crusts of the stars couldnot be distinguished.The remarkably varied colors of the stars called forth repeated ap- plause. There were stars that glittered with all the colors of the rainbow.Then there appeared many cones of light which would suddenly shootout like reflectors and illuminate their surroundings as with the light ofday, so that the innumerable littler stars which spread out like vast swarmsof gnats became visible.Such reflectors also made larger pear-shaped and spherical starsvisible. And these larger stars were almost completely dark."Behold, gentlemen," cried Mr. vom Treckenbrock excitedly, "the darkball shaped star which becomes visible above and to the right of the threecylindrical stars. Do you observe how it has a dark red color whichdistantly resembles that of the Edam cheese. It approaches slowly. Youwill soon observe how it grows larger and larger with every vibration oflight."And then a comet became visible to the left, which in a few secondsdeveloped six beautifully formed comet-trains; the whole comet moved withextraordinary rapidity from left to right."Will you please tell us, Mr. vom Treckenbrock, whether the stars arenot moved by little strings," called out one of the guests. "How did youconcoct the whole business? It is certainly very interesting technically.""In this theatre," replied Mr. vom Treckenbrock laughing, "every- thing is designed to maintain the illusion perfectly. If I should reveal toyou with what delicacy each star is directed by my mechanics, the illusionwould be lost for you, You should simply assume that all of the starsperform upon my stage exactly as they do in the heavens."New comets began to appear thick and fast upon the left — andthese comets were all of different shapes, many of them having, insteadof tails, great refulgent bladders. The comets passed off at the same pacewith which they had entered."You must keep in mind however," said the Inventor of the CosmicTheatre, "that each second of your life is as long as a thousand years —for the life of a great astral system does not pass as rapidly as it seems to in my theatre. Perhaps my guests will do me the kindness to approachclose to the rail, so that they can gaze into the depths, for my theatreof course has no stage-floor like the theatre of other mortals."Everybody came forward; they pushed their chairs up to the parapetand looked down into the depths of universal space and were quite ravishedwith the infinite colors and forms which the stars radiated all about.And now there rose slowly out of the deep an orbicular comet; theorb turned round and was all snow-white, and from its surface brilliant raysshot out in a fine spray and vibrated like waves of radium light.In the meantime, the great red star moved slowly up from the rightand became larger and larger, so that its crimson outer crust could bedistinguished quite clearly, it had many strange lines, which traversed thewhole whirling body like mountain chains. The lines became clearer andclearer and were of a deep red color."And remember," said Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock, "thataccording to the view of my wife, I should make this miraculous cosmictheatre accessible to a larger public. It is true that I am often transportedwith rage when I think upon all the human stupidity and ignorance whichengulfs us. Of course, it is not difficult to follow such a play with perfectease and pleasure. But I urge you, my friends, not to forget that theastronomers of our time are as yet unwilling to accept such presentations.Do you think then that the simple peasant would receive them better? Ordo you think that the ordinary frequenter of our metropolitan theatreswould pay any attention to such a drama of world catastrophes. The averagetheatre lover would probably ask me: But wh£re is the conflict? Howabout the hero? And if I answered: But wait a moment; the great sphericalcomet will soon grapple in conflict with the round red Edam cheese —then they would . . . ."At these words the spherical comet moved close to the dark red starand with a frightful stroke cut it — just as the knife had cut the EdamCheese — into two even halves.The guests sprang up dismayed, but out of the interior of the red ball- shaped star came the great surprise: innumerable little stars glittering likediamonds burst into fiery pyrotechnics and then dispersed falling splendidlyin all directions.The spherical comet, whirling, climbed hastily upwards, while thetwo glowing crimson halves of the round red star sank into the deep, likeempty shells.Then in the neighbouring room a fearful crash was heard, and im- mediately after a pealing scream of pain. A servant burst into the dining room and stuttered "Madam is —Madam is —!""What has happened?" bellowed the lord of the house grabbing achair, as if he meant to throw it at the head of the servant.But the servant ran out still yelling as if possessed: "A disaster!a misfortune!"And now the guests of Mr. vom Treckenbrock recalled how Mrs. vomTreckenbrock in leaving had said: "Think of me, if the knife cuts the Edamcheese or if something of a like nature takes place in the AndromedaNebulus."And all thinking of this simultaneously the six leaped to their feetas one man and ran after the howling servant.Mr. vom Treckenbrock kept on looking at the scintillating play ofcolors that had spilled out of the round crimson star, and said in a loudmasterful voice: "Look, gentlemen, it is the end of a world — but oneaccompanied by a surprise. There is nothing destroyed. Nothing at all.This stroke brought but liberation for the round star, which held hiddenand sheltered in its belly billions of new worlds, which having been shelteredlong enough can enter into the vast free spaces of the universe. We havewitnessed a moment of liberation in this world-catastrophe. And thus wecan interpret the appearance of the star in August 1885 as the birth ofbillions of new worlds — nothing is destroyed, nothing perishes. In thelife of the cosmos the destruction of matter is unknown — that is . . .'He turned proudly and saw . . . that he was alone.He lifted his eyebrows and suddenly recalled the crash, the screamof pain, and the ill-behaved servant who had dared to interrupt the presenta- tion of a spendid world-end.Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock let his head sink to his chest and stoodquite still.Then the servant came again and said with correct demeanour: "Ishould like to know, sir,cwhether you wish to come to madam."They went into the boudoir of the lady. Justina lay upon the divanand whimpered; the heavy wash bowl had slipped out of her hand andfallen on her left foot.One of the six guests who happened to be a physician was bandagingher foot.When Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock seized all this, he began to laughlike a madman and could hardly contain himself. The six guests did notknow what to make of the whole matter. Justina continued to whimper and than said with a sigh: ffl haveno worlds in me."Justus stopped laughing; he said angrily: "My dear Justina, yourpoor foot will soon get better. And rest assured: you are not the only onewho has no worlds in himself. Your heavy wash bowel also had no worldsin it — merely water — dirty water. The whole room is full of water.But I am full of anger. I can scarcely believe that anyone should everdare to interrupt me so. Your forebodings were quite justified: I havesuffered a monstrous vexation."Just then voices cried out loudly: "Fire! Fire!"In the machine room of the cosmic theatre fire had broken out.Two hours later the whole cosmic theatre and the dining-room had burntto mere ashes. Mr. vom Treckenbrock promised his spouse a few months later to buildthe Cosmic Theatre for a great public in Munich.They traveled to Munich and the great theatre was to be built. Butthen Mr. vom Treckenbrock repented of the whole business, and he declaredto his wife one evening that his new theatre would be built to containonly ten persons.Just as he had uttered these words the servant entered again with anEdam cheese; Justina looked at the servant with such dread that helet the plate with the cheese fall to the floor. At the same instant Justinafell forward with her head upon the table.A doctor was called immediately, and he announced after a briefexamination that a stroke of the heart had brought the life of Mrs. vomTreckenbrock to its end.Mr. Justus vom Treckenbrock soon left Munich and went abroad.But he returned within the year and not far north of Munich by the banksof the Isar and near the Grunewald castle had a new laboratory built — forhis cosmic theatre of the Future.This time however he arranged the heavenly bodies in such differentsizes that all of his time was taken up and he could scarcely think ofholding a public performance. Mr. vom Treckenbrock was so completelyoverwhelmed by the preliminary labors that he entirely lost sight of theirgoal.The old gentleman still lives near Grunewald castle, and is accessibleto nobody; only when he travels away to buy some new chemical can one enter his great laboratories by bribing the butler and behold the mostremarkable of heavenly bodies. Indeed, they all lie about in such greatdisorder, covered with so many layers of dust, that it is hard to conceivehow any presentation can be given in a cosmic theatre with these out- landish orbs.The butler, who does a rather good business in this way, assures eachvisitor that Mr. vom Treckenbrock will soon build the cosmic theatre. Butit is already ten years that the butler has been assuring people of this, withthe same earnest butler's mien. His earnestness earns the man muchmoney. NOTATIONS FROM A MUSIC MASTER'S ROLL-BOOK Henry Bellamann Marie Taglioni dancing a Pas-de-quatre Old Lithograph 1845 Fanny Elsler Lithograph by G. Leybold &lt;1840&gt; FLY-LEAF Uplifted facesof slim, laughing girls —fleetingas wild roses on a hedge. ESTHER CAIN Professor Vale and Doctor Gray,Dean Cartright and Tutor Waite:Running river,do you heed them, —these old snagsthat break your speedinginto foam?Better snap them,take them with youto the sea! SUE KITTREL Rutledge, Ravenal and Rhett:Flowered names, often on your lips,with Chaucerian tricks of speech,something Charleston lends —. . your playing peeps out from the silencehalf heard, as one half sees,painted silken ladiesin a folded fan. ALINE CARTER The dark stream of the world's sorrowthreads its way downward,seeking —seeking a channel for its wide singing.A thousand faces, row on row,like terraced silly blossoms,fluttering pink and white,while Beethoven's tortured questionsshout at God.Why do you shrink as from a shameful thing?Why do you fumble programs?The dark stream of the world's sorrowthreads downward,breaking a channel for its wide singing. MARY LARKIN . . . bread and butter mannersmanners like your father'ssmoothly buttered sermons.Is this your writing, girl? —the jig-step of your thought?Now I know your mindraces at night over the tiles,the green-eyed catI always thought it was. LOUISE TRAYLOR The supercilious deanmakes sad eyebrowsat the mention of your name.Ladies, in Sunday taffetas,creak with sighs, as your car,orange pennants on the back,and five co-eds 011 the running board,roars out the Camden road.But I have heard adagiossinging under your hands,and mighty allegrosrunning like chariot horsesbefore the whip-lasliof your thin brown arms.O chilly-fingered, school-girl crew —can you know the Valkyr cry,Walhalla bound? CARRIE DYER You wait with such slow patiencesome magic from my lipsio make you play like other girls.Good biscuit-making fingers,how shall they learn the subtletyand indirectionof this little complimentChopin paid the Countess? — or know the laughter,the tears and kisses,the gesture of youthin the stark face of Deathas the Polish exquisitedanced toward Pere la Chaise? EDNA BENTLEY You have the line of cheek and chinand dark fanatic eyesone sees so often in the quaintly drawnmediaeval heads.They lived in little citieswalled from the wilderness;knew God and the saintsthrough the hard speech of Danteor Savanarola's threats.You live, walled tight,in Orangeburg;know God from the harsh echoesof outworn creeds —burnt cinders of Savanarola's fire,back wash from Dante's hell.Outside,God walks with man, —You still pile bricks along your walls. 3 THE LAY OF MALDOROR Comte de Lautreamont SIXTH CANTO The shops of the rue Vivienne spread their riches to mar- velling eyes. Lit by many gas jets the mahogany coffers and goldwatches shed streams of dazzling light through the windows. Theclock of the Bourse has struck eight, it is not late. Hardly hasthe gong struck for the last time, when the street, whose namehas been given, begins to tremble and shake its foundations fromthe Place Royale to the boulevard Montmartre. Pedestriansquicken their steps and pensively withdraw into their houses.A woman faints and falls to the asphalt. No one picks her up;each hastens to remove himself from the vicinity. The shuttersbang to hurriedly and the inhabitants bury themselves under theblankets. One would think the bubonic plague had revealeditself. Thus, while the greater part of the city prefers to swimin the delights of nocturnal rejoicings, the rue Vivienne suddenlyfinds itself frozen into a sort of petrifaction. Like a heart thathas stopped loving, its life is extinct. But soon the news of thephenomenon spreads into other layers of the population, and adead silence hovers above the sacred capital. Where have thegas jets gone? What has become of the chafferers of love?Nothing . . . solitude and darkness. A screech owl flying in a directline and with a broken leg passes above the Madeleine and takesits flight to the barrier of the Throne, crying out: "Some evil willhappen." But in the region which my pen (this true friend who is averitable accomplice of mine) has just made mysterious you willsee a person show his silhouette if you look in the direction wherethe rue Colbert enters the rue Vivienne in the angle made by themeeting of these two ways, and lightly walk towards the boule- vards. But should one approach more nearly, in such wise as 3 s not to draw upon himself the attention of the wayfarer, it willbe seen with an agreeable astonishment that he is young. Froma distance one would have taken him for a man of ripe age. Thesum of a man's days and years counts nothing when it is aquestion of measuring the intellectual capacity of a serious face.I can read from the physiognomical lines of the brow; he is sixteenyears and four months! He is as lovely as the retractility of abird of prey's claws; or again, as the instability of muscularmovement in wounds of the flabby parts of the posterior cervicalregion; or rather like the perpetual rat-trap which is alwaysstretched again by the captured animal, and which alone can catchrodents indefinitely and can even work hidden under straw; andabove all, like the fortuitous encounter on a dissecting table ofa sewing machine and an umbrella! Mervyn that son of paleEngland has just had a fencing lesson from his tutor and he hopesto arrive home at nine; it is an enormous presumption in him tothink he knows the future with certitude. What unforeseen ob- stacle may not delay him on his way? Mervyn does not know whyhis temporal arteries throb so strongly, and he hastens his step, ob- sessed by a terror of which he and you vainly seek the cause. Onemust grant him his determination to discover the enigma. Whydoes he not turn around? He would understand everything. Doesone ever think of the simple method of putting an end to a conditionof alarm? When an apache crosses a suburban road, a bottleof wine in his gullet and his blouse in shreds, if in some cornerof a fence he sees a muscular old cat, contemporary of the revo- lutions in which our grandfathers took part, contemplating withmelancholy the moon's rays as they fall upon the sleeping plain;he approaches tortuously in a curved line and gives a sign to aknock-kneed dog who rushes off. The noble animal of the felinerace awaits its adversary courageously, and defends its life dearly.Tomorrow some ragpicker will buy an electrifiable pelt. Whydid he not fly then? It was so easy. But in the predicamentwhich interests us now, Mervyn further complicates the clanger by his own ignorance. He had, to be sure, certain very rare fore- bodings, whose vagueness I shall not stop to explain here. He isno prophet, I daresay; nor does he recognize any such faculty inhimself. Having arrived at the great artery, he turns to the rightand crosses the boulevard Poissoniere and the boulevard BonnesNouvelles. At this point of his road, he advances into the rue duFaubourg Saint-Denis, leaves behind him the terminus of theStrasbourg railway, and stops before a lofty portal, immediatelybefore reaching the almost perpendicular superposition of the rueLafayette. Since you advise me to end the first strophe here, this, time lam very willing to comply with your desire. Do you knowthat when I think of the iron ring hidden beneath the stone by amaniac's hand, an uncontrollable shudder passes through my hair.He pulls the copper bell, and the gate of the modern mansionturns on its hinges. He strides through the courtyard and mountsthe eight steps of the flight. The two statues situated to the rightand left as guardians of the aristocratic villa do not bar his passage.He who has abjured everything, father, mother, Providence, love,the ideal, in order to think only of himself, has taken care notto follow the preceding footsteps. He saw him enter a spaciousdrawing-room with cornaline panelling on the ground floor. Thearistocratic boy throws himself upon a sofa and emotion preventshim from speaking. His mother with long and trailing robe,anxiously tends him and clasps him in her arms. His brothers,younger than himself, group themselves round the burdened pieceof furniture; they do not know life sufficiently to clearly com- prehend what is happening. Finally the father lifts his cane andthrows an authoritative glance upon the onlookers. Pressing hiswrist on the arm of his chair, he leaves his usual seat and advanceswith alarm, though enfeebled by years, towards the motionlessbody of his first born. He speaks in a strange language and alllisten with respectful silence: ffWho has put my son into this state?The foggy Thames will sweep down a great quantity of mud before my strength is completely exhausted. Defensive laws do notappear to exist in this inhospitable country. If I knew who wasguilty he would feel the weight of my arm. Although I haveretired remote from naval battles, my commodore's sword,hanging upon the wall, is not yet rusted. For the rest, it is easyto sharpen it up: Mervyn be at ease; I will give instructions tothe servants, to look out for the track of him whom henceforth,I shall seek to destroy with my own hand. Wife, take yourselffrom there and go and squat in a corner; your tears unman meand you would do better to close the conduits of your lachrymalglands. My son I beg you, come to your senses and recognise yourfamily; it is your father speaks to you . .The mother held herself at a distance and to obey the orderof her lord, she has taken a book in her hands and tries to remainquiet in face of the danger run by him whom her womb engen- dered. Children, go and play in the park, and take care, inadmiring the swimming of the swans, not to fall into the lake . .The brothers, heads hanging, were mute; all, their bonnets toppedwith a feather torn from the wing of the Caroline goat sucker,with breeches of velvet, stopping at the knees, and red silkstockings, took each other by the hand, withdrew from thedrawing-room taking care to press the ebony floor only with theirtoes. I am sure they did not enjoy themselves, and that theywalked gravely in the alleys of plane-trees. Their minds wereprecocious. So much the better for them. Futile ministrations,I rock you in my arms and you are insensible to my prayers.Won't you lift your head? I will embrace your knees, if necessary.But no .. . she falls back inert. My sweet lord, if you will permityour slave, I will go to my room to look for a phial filled withspirits of turpentine which I always use when headache invadesmy temples on returning from the theatre, or when reading somemoving story, recorded in the British annals of the chivalroushistory of our ancestors, my pensive thoughts are cast, into thebogs of drowsiness." 'Wife, I have not given you leave to speak and you have noright to take it. Since our legitimate union no cloud has cometo interpose itself between us. I am satisfied with you, I havenever had any reproach to make you, and reciprocally. Go seekin your apartment the phial filled with spirits of turpentine. Iknow there is one in your chest of drawers and you tell me nothingnew. Hurry to mount the stairs of the spiral staircase and returnto find me with a satisfied expression."But the emotional London lady had hardly reached the firststairs (she did not run as quickly as a person of the lower orders)when one of her own maids descended from the first floor;her cheeks empurpled with sweat, and holding the phial whichmight perhaps contain the life-giving liquid within its crystal walls.The maid, offering her present bends gracefully, and the motheradvances with regal gait to the tassels which fringe the sofa,sole object which occupies her tenderness. The commodore witha proud, though benevolent gesture, accepts the phial from thehands of his spouse. An Indian handkerchief is dipped thereinand the head of Mervyn is wrapped round with the orbicularmeanderings of the silk. He smells the salts; he stirs an arm.The circulation comes to life and the joyous cries of a Philippinecockatoo perched in the recess of the window are heard. "Whogoes there? .. . Do not stop me .. . Where am I? Is it a tombsupports my heavy limbs? The planks seem soft to me . . . Thelocket which contains my mother's portrait, is it still fastenedto my neck? . . . Away, ill-doer with tousled hair. He could notcatch me, and I left a slip of my doublet in his fingers. Untiethe bulldog's chains, for to-night a recognizable thief may witheffraction introduce himself while we are plunged in sleep. Fatherand mother, I recognize you and I thank you for your cares. Callmy little brothers. It is for them I have bought these burntalmonds and I want to kiss them." With these words he fell intoa deep state of lethargy.The doctor, called with all possible haste, rubbed his hands and said: fThe crisis is passed. Everything is well. To morrowyour son will awake cured. Go all to your respective couches;I command it, so that I may rest alone by the sick bed, untilthe apparition of dawn and the nightingale's song."Maldoror, hidden behind the door has not lost a word. Nowhe knows the character of the mansion's inhabitants and will actaccordingly. He knows where Mervyn lives, and does not wishto know more. He has inscribed in a note-book the name ofthe street and number of the building. That is the chief thing.He is certain of not forgetting them. He advances like a hyaena,unseen, and skirts the walls of the courtyard. He scales therailing with agility, and is embarrassed a moment by the ironprongs; with a bound he is on the pavement. He moves awaystealthily. tfHe takes me for a criminal," he cries out; "as forhim, he's an idiot. I would like to find a man exempt from theaccusation which the invalid has made against me. I did notsteal a flap of his doublet as he said. Simple hypnogogic hallu- cination caused by terror. My intention was not to seize him,for I have other ulterior projects for this timid youth."Walk towards the lake with the swans, and I will tell youlater why one of the group was completely black, his body bearingan anvil surmounted by the putrefying carcass of a hermit crab;inspiring and with reason, his other aquatic comrades withdistrust.i &gt;Mervyn is in his room; he has received a letter; who thenwrites to him . . .? His emotion had prevented him thankingthe postman. The envelope has black borders and the words aretraced in a hasty writing. Will he carry this letter to his father?And if the signatory expressly prohibits it? Full of anguish, he openshis window to breathe the scents of the air; the sun's rays reflecttheir prismatic irradiations on the Venetian glasses and thedamask curtains. He throws the letter aside among the gilt edged books and albums bound in mother of pearl, strewn upon thetooled leather which covers the surface of his school-desk. Heopens his piano and runs his tapering fingers over the ivory keys.The brass wires make no sound. This indirect warning makeshim pick up again the vellum paper, but the latter recoils asthough affected by the hesitation of the receiver. Taken in thetrap Mervyn's curiosity increases and he opens the scrap ofprepared rag. Until this moment he had seen no other thanhis own handwriting. 'Young man, you interest me; I wouldmake you happy. I will take you as my companion and togetherwe will accomplish long pilgrimages in the Oceanic Isles. Mervyn,you know I love you, and there is no need to prove it you. lamcertain you will accord me your friendship. When you knowme better, you will not repent of the confidence you will haveshown towards me. I shall keep you from the dangers yourinexperience must run. I shall be a brother to you and there shallbe no lack of good advice. For a more detailed explanation, beon the Pont du Carrousel the day after to-morrow at five o'clockin the morning. If I have not come, wait for me; but I hope tobe there at the exact time. You do likewise. An Englishmanwill not easily forego an opportunity of seeing clearly in hisbusiness. Young man I greet you, and good-bye for the present.Show this letter to nobody." 'Three stars instead of a signature,"cried Mervyn; ffand a bloodstain at the foot of the page!" Copioustears poured upon the strange phrases his eyes had devoured;and which opened an illimitable field of uncertain and newhorizons to his spirit. It seemed to him (but only since what hehad just read) that his father was a little severe and his mothertoo majestic. He had reasons which have not come to my know- ledge and which in consequence I cannot transmit to you; whichinsinuated that his brothers did not please him either. He hidthe letter in his breast. His tutors have noted that on this dayhe did not seem himself; his eyes had grown unnaturally gloomyand the veil of excessive thought had fallen upon the peri-orbital region. Each tutor blushed, afraid of not finding himself of theintellectual standard of his pupil, and yet, the latter for the firsttime had neglected his duties and had not worked. In the eveningthe family gathered in the dining room, adorned with ancientportraits. Mervyn admires the dishes heaped with succulent meatsand odoriferous fruits, but he does not eat; and the polychromaticgushing of Rhine wines and the sparkling ruby of champagne innarrow tall Bohemian crystal goblets, leaves even his sight in- different.He rests his elbow on the table and like a sleep-walkerremains deep in thought. The commodore, his face tanned bythe sea spray, leans towards his spouse's ear: fThe first-born'scharacter has changed since the day of the fit; even then he wasfull of absurd ideas, but to-day he spends more time then everdreaming. All the same, I was not like that when I was his age.Pretend not to notice anything. Now would some efficaciousmoral or mental remedy easily find employment. Mervyn, youwho love reading books of discovery and natural history, I willread you a tale you will not dislike. Let everyone listen attentively,and each will profit thereby, myself first. And you others, chil- dren, learn by the attention you know how to lend my wordsto perfect your style and to make sure of the subtlest meaningsof the author."As if this brood of adorable brats could have understood itas anything but rhetoric. He spoke, and upon a gesture of hishand one of the brothers moved to the paternal library andreturned with a volume under his arm. During their passage thetablecloth and silver had been cleared and the father took thebook. At the electrifying word discoveries, Mervyn has liftedhis head and has tried to put an end to his irrelevant meditations.The book is opened about the middle, and the metallic voice ofthe commodore proves that he is still, as in the time of his gloriousyouth, capable, of commanding the fury of man and of tempests.Long before the end of the reading, Mervyn has sunk upon his elbow, finding it impossible to longer pursue the explanatorydevelopment of phrases passed through the filter and saponi- fication of obligatory metaphors. The father cried out: rflt isn'tthat will interest him; let's read something else. Wife, read. Youwill be luckier than I in chasing annoyance from our son's days."The mother has no further hope* nevertheless she takes anotherbook and the sound of her soprano voice falls melodiously uponthe ears of the product of her conception. But after a few words,discouragement overwhelmed her and of herself she ceased theinterpretation of the work of literature. The first born cried:ffl am going to bed." He withdrew, his eyes lowered with a coldobstinacy, and without adding a word. The dog begins to howllugubriously, for he does not think this conduct natural and thewind outside, irregularly engulfed by the longitudinal crack of thewindow, makes vacillate the light of the bronze lamp, which isthrown downwards by the rosy crystal domes. The mother pressesher hands to her brow and the father lifts his eyes to heaven.The children cast terrified glances at the old mariner. Mervyndouble locks his door and his hand runs rapidly over the paper:ffl received your letter at midday, and you will forgive me if Ihave made you await a reply. I have not the honour of per- sonally knowing you and I do not know if I ought to write toyou. But since impoliteness does not dwell in our halls, I haveresolved to take up the pen and thank you warmly for the interestyou take in a stranger. May God keep me from not showing grati- tude for the sympathy with which you overwhelm me. I am awareof my imperfections and it does not make me prouder. But ifit is proper to accept the friendship of a grown up it is properalso to make him understand our natures are not similar.Indeed, you appear to be older than myself, for you call meyoung man and yet I still have doubts as to your real age. Forhow are the coldness of your syllogisms to be reconciled withthe passion which they breathe? It is certain that I will neverabandon the place that gave me birth in order to accompany you to far countries; which would be impossible save on conditionof asking first from the authors of my days an importunatelydesired permission. But since you have enjoined me to secrecy(in the critical sense of the word) as to this spiritually tenebrousaffair I hasten to obey your undoubted wisdom. It would seemthat it would not willingly affront the light of day. Since youappear to desire me to have confidence in yourself (a desire, notout of place, I am pleased to confess) have the kindness I begof you to show an analagous confidence, as regards myself, anddo not presume so much as to imagine that I will be so unsym- pathetic to your advice, as not to be punctual at the appointment.The day after to-morrow morning at the stated hour, I will scalethe wall of the park enclosure, and no one will witness mydeparture. To speak frankly, what would I not do for you, whoseinexplicable attachment so promptly knew how to reveal itselfto my dazzled eyes, most astonished by such a proof of kindness,and which was, lam quite sure, entirely unexpected. Before Idid not know you. Now I know you. Do not forget the promiseyou have made me to walk over the Pont du Carrousel. In theevent of my passing, I am absolutely certain of meeting you andtouching your hand, provided that this innocent display of a youthwho, but yesterday, bowed before the altar of modesty, does notoffend you by its respectful familiarity. But is not familiarityadmissible in the case of a strong and ardent friendship, whenruin is serious and earnest? And what harm, I ask youyourself, could there be after all, for me to say good-bye inpassing, when the day after to-morrow, whether it rain or no,five o'clock will have struck .. . ? You will appreciate, sir,the tact with which I have conceived my letter; for I do not allowmyself in an easily lost loose sheet, to say more to you. Youraddress at the foot of the page is a conundrum. It has taken menearly a quarter of an hour to decipher it. I think you have actedwell in making the words so microscopic. I dispense with signingand in that I imitate you; we live in a too eccentric age to be astonished for a moment by what may happen. lam curious loobserve how you learnt the place where my glacial immobilitydwells, surrounded by a long series of deserted rooms, foul charnelhouses of my bored hours. How express myself? When I thinkof you, my chest swells, sonorous as the collapse of some decayingempire; for the shadow of your love suggests a smile which perhapsdoes not exist; so vague is it and moves its scales so tortuously.I abandon my impetuous feelings between your hands, tabletsof new marble and still virgin of mortal contact. Let us be patienttill the first rays of the morning twilight, and while awaiting themoment which will cast me into the hideous embrace of yourtwo pestiferous arms, I bow humbly before the knees I embrace."After writing this guilty letter, Mervyn carries it to the postand returns to go to bed. Do not count on finding his guardianangel there. The fishes tail will fly for three days only, it is true,but alas! the beam will none the less be burnt; and a cylindro- conical bullet will pierce the rhinoceros skin despite the beggarand Snow-white! The crowned mad man will have spoken trulyconcerning the fidelity of the fourteen daggers.The golden haired pirate has received Mervyn's reply. Inthis strange page he follows the trace of the intellectual difficul- ties of him who, abandoned to the feeble forces of his ownsuggestivity has written it. He would have done much better to haveconsulted his parents before replying to the unknown friendship.No benefit will result to him for having taken part as principalactor in this equivocal intrigue. But anyhow, it was his owndesire. At the appointed hour, Mervyn has gone from the doorof his house, straight before him; following the boulevardSebastopol as far as the fountain of St. Michel. He takes thequay of the Grands Augustins and crosses the quai Conti; at themoment he passes over the quai Malaquais, he sees upon the quaiof the Louvre, walking parallel to his own direction an individualbearing a sack under his arm and who seems to be examining him attentively. The morning mists have vanished. The twowayfarers issue at the same time from each side of the pont duCarrousel. Though they had never seen each other, it was amutual recognition! Truly, it was touching to see these twobeings, separated by age, unite their souls in nobility of feeling.At least, such would have been the opinion of those who wouldhave stopped before this spectacle which more than one, even ofa mathematical turn of mind, would have found moving. Mervyn,tears streaming down his face, thought he was meeting, at thebeginning of his life so to speak, a precious support in future ad- versities. Be persuaded that the other said nothing. This is whathe did: he unfolded the sack he bore, opened the mouth, andseizing the youth by the head, pushed his whole body into thecanvas envelope. With his handkerchief he tied up the end whichserved as an entrance. Mervyn uttered shrill cries, but he liftedthe sack like a bundle of clothes, and several times hit the parapetof the bridge with it. Then the patient, made aware of thecracking of his bones, was silent. Unique scene which no novelistwill ever invent again! A butcher passed sitting on the meat inhis cart. An individual runs to him, requests him to stop andsays: "There is a dog shut up in this sack; it's mangy, kill it asquickly as possible." The interrogated person shows himselfwilling. The interruptor, moving off, sees a young girl in ragsholding her hand out to him. How far then will the height ofhis audacity and impiety stretch? He gives her alms! Tell mewhether you would like me to introduce you some hours laterto the door of a remote slaughter-house. The butcher has returnedand throwing his burden to earth, said to his mates: f'Let's killthis mangy dog quickly." There are four of them and eachseizes his accustomed hammer. And yet they hesitate becausethe sack moves violently. 'What emotion holds me," cries oneof them, slowly lowering his arm.This dog whimpers with anguish like some baby," saidanother, 'one would think he understood what fate awaited him." flt is their habit," said a third, "even when they are not sick, asis the case here, it is enough for their master to remain absentfor some days from the house for them to begin to give tongueto howls which really are painful to endure." 'Stop .. . stop . .cried the fourth, before all the arms could be raised in unison toresolutely strike, this time, upon the sack. 'Stop I tell you; thereis some fact here we are ignorant of. Who tells you the canvascontains a dog? I want to make sure." Then, despite the gibesof his companions, he untied the bundle and drew out one afteranother the limbs of Mervyn! He was almost suffocated by thedifficulty of his position. On seeing the light again, he fainted.Some moments after he gave indubitable signs of life. Hissaviour said: "Another time know to use caution even in yourbusiness. You have all but remarked of yourselves, that it servesno good to practise the inobservance of this law." The slaugh- terers fled. Mervyn, his heart oppressed, returns home and shutshimself up in his room. Is there any need to enlarge upon thisstrophe? Ah, who would not deplore the events consummated!Await the end to pass an even more severe judgment. Thecatastrophe is about to precipitate itself; and in this kind of tale,when a passion of whatever kind it be is premised it fears noobstacle in continuing its progress; there is no room to water ina cup the gum-lac of four hundred banal pages. What may besaid in half a dozen strophes should be said and then silence.I continue! There was a fishes tail, which moved at the bottomof a hole, beside a down-at-heel boot. Was it not natural to askonself where is the fish? "I but see the tail in movement." For,since one implicitly admitted not having seen the fish, it wasbecause it was really not there. The rain had left some dropsof water at the bottom of this funnel, hollowed in the sand. Asfor the down-at-heel boot, some few have since thought that itwas deliberately abandoned there. The hermit crab, by thedivine might was to be reborn from his resolved atoms. He drew the fishes tail from the well and promised to rejoin it to its lostbody if it would announce to the Creator, the impotence of hismessenger in dominating the furious waves of the Maldororianseas. He lent it two albatrosses wings and the fish tail took toflight. But it flew towards the home of the renegade, to relatewhat had happened and to betray the hermit crab. But he divinedthe spy's plan and before the third day reached its end, he piercedthe fish tail with a poisoned arrow. The spy's gullet emitted afeeble exclamation which rendered up its last sigh before reachingearth. Then a venerable beam, situated on the summit of a castle,rising to its full height, and turning on itself, cried out loudlyfor vengeance. But the Almighty, changed into a rhinoceros,informed him that the death was deserved. The beam, reassured,went and took its place again in the depths of the manor, resumedits horizontal position and recalled the terrified spiders that asin the past they might continue to weave their webs from itscorners. The man with sulphur lips learnt of his ally's weakness;he commanded the crowned madman to burn the beam and reduceit to cinders, that is why Aghone carried out this severe order."Since, according to you, the moment has come," cried he, ffl havegone again to get the ring I buried under the stone, and I haveattached it to one of the ends of the cable. Here is the packet."And he showed him a thick cord, sixty yards long, rolled uponitself. His master questioned him as to what the fourteen daggersdid. He replied that they remained faithful, and held themselvesready for any necessary event. The forger bent his head as atoken of satisfaction. He betrayed surprise and even disquietwhen Aghone added that he had seen a cock cleave a candelabrumin two with his beak, plunge his vision into each part in turn andcry out, flapping his wings with frantic movements: It is not asfar as one imagines from the rue de la Paix to the place du Pan- theon: the lamentable proof will shortly be seen!" The hermitcrab, mounted on a fiery steed, flew at full speed towards the reef,which had witnessed the hurling of a stick by a tatooed arm, asy- lum of his first day's descent upon earth, A caravan of pilgrims wasabout to visit the place, henceforth consecrated by a sacreddeath. He hoped to reach it to beg urgent help against the plotin preparation for him, and of which he had knowledge. Somelines further on, helped by my glacial silence, you will see thathe did not arrive in time to relate to them what a rag-picker,hidden behind a scaffolding near a half-built house, had reportedto him, the day when still bearing the damp dews of night thepont du Carrousel, perceived with horror the horizon of itsthoughts enlarge confusedly in concentric circles at the matutinalapparition of the rhythmical kneading of an icosahedron shapedsack against its calcareous parapet! Before he stimulates theircompassion by the souvenir of the episode, they had best destroywithin thefnselves the semen of hope ... To destroy your lazinessmake use of the resources of a good will, walk at my side and donot lose sight of the madman, his head surmounted by a chamber- pot, who pushes ahead of him his hand armed with a stick, andwhom you would have difficulty in recognizing did I not takecare to warn you, and to recall to your ear the word pronounced,Mervyn. How changed he his! His hands tied behind his back,he walks straight before him, as though he went to the scaffold,and yet he is guilty of no crime. They have reached the circulararea of the place Vendome. On the entablature of the massivecolumn, and leaning against the plain balustrade more than fiftyyards from the ground; a man has cast and unrolled a rope whichfalls near Aghone. Habitual things are quickly done; but I maysay that the latter did not take long to tie Mervyn fast, to the endsof the cord. The rhinoceros had learnt of what was about tohappen. Covered with sweat he appeared breathless at the cornerof the rue Castiglione. He did not even have the satisfaction ofa fight. The individual who scrutinized the neighbourhood fromthe top of the column, cocked his revolver, carefully took aimand pressed the trigger. The commodore who begged in thestreet since that day upon which he believed what he imaginedto be the madness of his son, had begun, and the mother who had 4 been called Snow-white on account of her extreme pallor, inter- posed their breasts to protect the rhinoceros. Futile precaution .. .Ihe ball drilled his hide like a gimlet; one might have thoughtwith some semblance of logic that death must infallibly appear.But we know that the substance of the lord had been introducedinto the pachyderm. He withdrew with annoyance. If it hadnot been proven definitely that he was too good to one of hiscreatures I would pity the man on the column! He with a suddenjerk of the wrist, pulled to him the thus ballasted cord. Situatedabnormally, his oscillations balanced Mervyn, whose head lookeddownwards, and who clutched eagerly with his hands at a longgarland of immortelles which connected two consecutive anglesof the base against which he struck his brow. He carries intothe air with himself, what is not a fixed point After having pileda large part of the rope, at his feet in the shape of superimposedellipses, so that Mervyn was suspended half way up the bronzeobelisk, the escaped forger with his right hand imparted to theadolescent, a movement accelerated by a uniform rotation in aplane parallel to the axis of the column; and gathered with hisleft hand, the serpentine entwinements of cordage which lay athis feet. The sling whistles in space; Mervyn's body follows iteverywhere, always held from the centre by centrifugal force,always keeping his mobile and equidistant position in an aerialcircumference, independent of matter. The civilised savage littleby little lets it out to the very end, which he retains with a firmmetarcarpal, resembling to the life a bar of steel. He begins torun round the balustrade holding to the rail with one hand. Thismanoeuvre has the effect of changing the original plane of therope's revolution and of augmenting its already too considerabletension. Henceforth it turns majestically in a horizontal plane,after having in a crazy progress passed successively throughvarious oblique planes. The right angle made by the column andvegetable thread has its sides equal and the renegade's arm andthe murderous instrument are confounded in a linear unity, likethe atomical elements of a ray of light entering a dark room. The theorems of mechanics permit me to speak thus; alas! it isknown that a force added to another force engenders a resultantmade up of the two original forces! Who would dare assert thatthe linear cordage would have broken already but for the athlete'svigour, but for the good quality of hemp? The golden hairedpirate, suddenly and at the same moment, arrests his acquiredspeed, opens his hand and lets go the cable. The countershockof this operation, so contrary to those preceding, makes the jointsof the balustrade crack. Mervyn followed by the cord, resemblesa comet trailing after itself its flaming tail. The iron ring of therunning knot, flashing in the sun's rays pledges itself to completethe illusion. In describing his parabola, the doomed one cleavesthe air as far as the left bank, passes it by virtue of the propulsiveforce, which I suppose infinite, and his body hits the dome of thePantheon, while the cord with its turns, partly embraces theupper region of the immense cupola. It is on the spherical andconvex superficies that resembles an orange only by its form, thatat any hour of the day a dried up skeleton, still hanging, is to beseen. When the wind swings it, it is said that the students of theLatin Quarter, in dread of a like fate, make a brief prayer; butthese are trifling rumours, and there is no need to believe them;they serve merely to frighten little children. He holds in hiscontracted hands what seems like a large wreath of stale yellowflowers. The distance must be taken into account and no onecan affirm, despite the evidence of his long sight, that they arereally those immortelles. I have mentioned, and which an unequalstruggle close to the new Opera, saw detached from a grandiosepedestal.It is none the less true that the drapings arranged like acrescent moon, no longer receive the impression of their definitivesymmetry in a quaternary number; go and see for yourself if youdo not wish to believe me. 4* YOUNG MR. ELKINS PAUL ROSENFELD Malcolm Cowley "Apparently the skyscrapers of lower New Yorkhad vanquished. What could one individual, assistedby a few dreamers, do against a civilization 9" To make the factory wheels revolve, eternal hills squeezed mineralsfrom their bowels and prairies consumed themselves in wheat. Factoriesturned in three shifts daily, competing with churches and poolrooms toproduce a new and arbitrary civilization, the only one of its kind, Biggestin the World Endorsed by Millions of Satisfied Users, and this civilizationlaboured in its turn and brought forth young Mr. Elkins.It suckled him with Shredded Wheat.It draped Kuppenheimer Klothes about his shoulders.It gave him an Underwood typewriter (Model 5) and convenientmagazines.It sent him to Harvard as a classmate of Walter Lippman.Perhaps it was only to produce young Mr. Elkins that Americancivilization existed. . . . Under the grey water a volcano stirred, vomitingboulders in a steam, depositing them in layers awkwardly, and so buildinga mountain higher than all other mountains: Mount Marbor that slopes onall sides vastly into a grey sea. On top of Marbor precisely, by its onecaprice, was deposited a pea, and the pea was critical of the mountain.Mr. Elkins while still in college wrote such articles on puritanism as wouldhave shocked his forebears.His possible forebears would be shocked, but in spite of biology Isuspect that he does not possess any. I suspect that only American civiliza- tion brought him forth, acting as both his father and his mother. Mysticallyfunctioning both as male and female agent ... so young Mr. Elkins mayhave written.He never mentions more definite relatives. Certainly he is not con- nected, even remotely, with the family of the defunct senator from WestVirginia or with the Elkins Wideners of Philadelphia. There is no oldMr. Elkins. There is a young Mr. Elkins nevertheless, and he retains the adjectivewhich has definitely taken the place of his initials. ff Young Mr. Elkinsasserts," writes the superior-but-friendly critic of the Literary Review or theIndependent. frYoung Mr. Elkins objects (or disclaims or rejoins)." Onepictures him vaguely in knickerbockers dictating his precocious essays toa governess. As a matter of fact young Mr. Elkins was born in 1838, andthere is a trick of puffy eyes under his spectacles which makes him lookwell over forty.Mr. Elkins, being an American intellectual, belongs to the professionallyyoung. At sixty he will retain the discouraged deep scepticism of adolescence.At sixteen, however, he joined the Y. M. G. A. and even meditateda course in electrical design from the International Correspondence Schoolof Scranton, Pa. Why and at what age did the milk-and-honey, even therye whiskey of America turn bitter in his mouth. Was it in his sophomoreyear and because he bought a complete and unexpurgated edition of theworks of Guy de Maupassant?Was it because he felt ffa naked instinct stirring in him, down, deepdown; an urge, a flood of sex which would some day burst the narrowman-made barriers of American convention?"Was it because of a course he took on Sewage Disposal in the GermanCities?Or merely was it because he felt the London-tailored mockery of anarticle in the London Nation? He wanted so to be Free and he wantedto be urbane; he wanted to be English and Continental; he hardly understoodwhat he wanted or how his new idea was born, but already before hegraduated from college he was declaiming against American grossness andAmerican puritanism in one breath and as if they were the same thing.ff77ie new feeling that is in America, it is only an infant. It is nomore than a puny child born in the nadir of the year, a helpless, naked mite.In all the grey winter of the land, under the leaden immeasurable vault, itis a nigh invisible fleck. And still, somehow, it is there, born"The new feeling that is in America ... it inspired young Mr. Elkinsto thunder against billboards, Billy Sunday and Methodism, proportionalrepresentation, Comstock, elevated railroads. One year with a specialfulgurance he thundered against the commercial ugliness of cities. Americancivilization listened and moved uneasily like a sleeping volcano. Stung finally to action by his criticism it spewed forth city planning commissions,commissions specially trained at the Beaux Arts and specially delegatedto make Paris, Okla. the replica of Paris, France, in miniature. The volcanoslept comfortably. Mr. Elkins was not appeased.He gathered disciples about him; young Mr. Elkins multiplied himself.He published magazines and wrote them; he wrote plays and acted in them;he populated a quarter of New York with two suburbs. His face and opinionswere reduplicated as if by American machinery. At times you met himeverywhere and at times this omnipresent personality was reduced to theproportions of a squat young man of thirty-four, with puffy eyes; a singletired wrestler at grips with American civilization and determined to talkit to death.So as to confound it, he began to amass facts about this society hehated. He went about his work as if he were organizing espionage in anenemy country. He made the acquaintance of reporters, statesman, barbers;studied official reports; even joined a lodge of Elks surreptitiously. In thismanner he collected volumes of fact; millions of shining, unpleasant facts.Some of them he published, but he reserves the choicest for his conversation.He says: "Whiskey running last year caused 26 deaths at the Canadianborder . . . The new representative from Oregon is only the third atheistin Congress .... Out of 1103 cases of insanity in the State Asylum, 458were caused by sexual repression .... An injunction has been granted torestrain Pittsburgh streetcars from operating on Sunday."He says, confidentially: fI learned yesterday from a private sourcethat there were 433 murders last year in Memphis, Tennessee. In the yearbefore prohibition there were only 219. The hypocrisy of a dry nationcannot endure much longer." A few days later he draws you aside and says:r'Remember. Remember that we are living in the United States and notin a free nation. I know authoritatively that the Society for the Suppressionof Vice is taking action against 183 books and pamphlets, including severaleditions of Shakespeare. Already a bookseller has been jailed because hesold a copy of Measure for Measure. Trouble is brewing. Tell nobody,nobody."Young Mr. Elkins places an evident value on his facts and yet hecollates them around a simple, almost a childish thesis; a single thesisconcerning America and puritanism: Puritanism is bad; America is puritan; therefore America is bad. (Or, to state his syllogism in its more usual form:America is bad; America is puritan; therefore puritanism is bad.) (Or:badness is puritan; badness is American; America is therefore badly puritan,)He has never tried to define puritanism or America.But he dreams about them often; before his typewriter he dreams ofan America delivered utterly from the puritan yoke. An America whosestreet-corners blossom with cafes and whose sidewalks with little tablespainted green. Beer stains and the smell of beer. A broad leisurely Americawithout machines and Methodism. Sunday baseball in Pittsburgh (or better,Sunday cricket;) open urinals and racetrack gambling; the works of Freudand Boccaccio and D. H. Lawrence sold at newsstands openly. YoungMr. Elkins dreams and writes a few rapid sentences on his Underwood.He dreams of the Paris where he should like to be at home. A walledriver with its bridges gilded and millions devoted to Art. For Mr. Elkinsa bench in the Luxembourg gardens; children play it front of it decorativelyand none of them bursts out of the picture to disturb him. Dreaming hewrites:"1 like nothing better than to watch the youngsters, the nurses andmothers, the students, and the promenaders all at play. There is so muchunaffected fun and laughing gaiety over the simplest things: I can watchthe eager babies as they get their first ride on the stolid donkeys, the prideof the owners of the small yachts that sail over the tiny artificial lake, thequivers of delight and mirth that shake the children's audience at thefGrand Guignol,'1) their sheer joy at riding on the flying pigs .. . Thestudents from the Sorbonne or the Ecole de Medecine nearby swing theirbooks, and on some of the stone benches young people will be embracingor kissing with no one paying the slightest attention . . . Somehow I neverenjoyed walking in Central Park of a Sunday."He never walked in Central Park without dreaming of the Luxembourgand Hyde Park and the Tiergarten, or of a future America into which theirvirtues had somehow been incorporated; he dreams of an America whichhas imitated the best of Paris and Berlin and London, an Anglo-Franco-German America ruled by philosophers and economists and rising cleanfrom the sackcloth-and-ashes of puritanism into the leisured humanism ofEuropean culture, into a naked dawn. And what he dreams he writes, inhis deep room, sulkily, on a typewriter which is the most finished productof a mechanical civilization. Meanwhile this civilization which produced young Mr. Elkins and histypewriter in one careless gesture; meanwhile American civilization howlsoutside his window. An elevated express rumbles up Ninth Avenue andan elevated local rumbles down Ninth Avenue. Precisely under Mr. Elkins'room four subway trains crash past each other. One of them is boundfor the 273 d Street hugest Tabernacle, where Mr. Sunday preaches that after- noon to an audience of over fifteen thousand. Shortly he will save 931 soulsfor democracy, while at the same moment and as if by the same angelicinfluence, the quarrel which had been storming in the poolroom at thecorner will be composed to the tune of East Side, West Side. Black JimKelly produces a pint of gin. James Robert Kelly finishes the layout ofhis two-page spread for the Foundation Company of America and theSaturday Evening Post. He shows his drawing to a friend. "That's damnfine," James Kelly sa}rs, translating freely from Benvenuto Cellini. Thirtystories below an automobile skids into a shop window, killing two and a waxdummy .... Child Crushed by Car at 92nd Street .... Bronx ExpressDerailed Many Deaths .... A cable snaps on Brooklyn Bridge; fire spreadsto the oil tanks; on the docks a carload of dynamite explodes .... Ina vain effort to dislodge the pea Mount Marbor was erupting: Graniteboulders as big as a locomotive shot into the air, collided, and crashed down;ten thousand feet ten thousand fathoms bumping crashing down.Young Mr. Elkins, annoyed by the racket, rose nervously and closedhis window. 1) Grand Guignol: — a theatre which Mr. Elkins would find, if be ever visitedParis, at a distance of several kilometres from the Luxembourg Gardens. Carlotta Grisi Old Lithograph &lt;about 1845&gt; Ballerinas Pablo Picasso INSTANT NOTE ON WALDO FRANK MRS. LUVE. Matthew Josephson f7 know what love is because 1 know what horrorcomes when love is starved or denied ... I ama woman who has always lived in dirt .... I knowthat dirt is always just that denying of love" The green sea waves toss mountainously burying the swimmer. They.are liquid and then they are erect. They are green . . . They are real . . .With mighty efforts the swimmer plunges and wallows through the creamyfoam. He is tired. He is little. He is one. . . His mouth is full of tears.Salt tears. Words come, rounded and easy words, through the sea of hismouth. His own life, his own gay and lovely life .... broken so wantonly,so swiftly .... here is strangeness enough .... Magnificent his Desireto attain the land, magnificent his muscles, magnificent his poised back.From the breasts he sees the land. He sees Hope. And in the troughs . . . .Faith .... So he rolls. So he swims. Nearer . . .The shocking sex-repression of the nineteenth century has reaped theshocking sex-outletting of the twentieth in our unhappy land. Puritanismis sent rolling back to the farthest corners of New England upon a waveof moral indignation. The day of vengeance. The lost provinces are restoredand phallic monuments are struck and erected in the public places.But it is far easier to understand how a myth came about than toforgive it.Let us not be irritated by the sex alarm of the day into offering a futileresistance to the crusaders. Let us grant first that all true pictures of lifehave represented man as a base animal, especially foul and dangerous whenhis appetites are thwarted; to wit: The History of Amelia, Roderick Random,le Rouge et le Noir, Brothers Karamazov. Prepared by years of journalisticwarefare, one fails to be revolted by the single-mindedness of the psycho- analytic novel proper, such as Waldo Frank has conceived it. Its interestlies chiefly in the application of the Freudian tactic: we shall hearkenonly to the strata of the brain, observe only instinctive be- haviour, and speak only in the shadowy diction of dreams. It is simplyHenry James undone! The actions of each character appear in their mostnaked state; the conversation always en deshabille, if not a poil; the styleis reduced to brief gasps of bad breath, instead of the sustained sober paceof the elder novelist. *) Rahab, by Waldo Frank, Boni &amp; Liveright, New York, 1922.City Block, by Waldo Frank, privately printed, 1922.5 Your unconscious type par excellence always removes all her clothingupon receiving a guest, revels dogmatically in nudity, longs for freedom,slips readily into the most compromising situations, in short abides by a mostdefinite, restricted and habitual creed of her own, with its established cere- mony and mummery. Substitute for the crucifix the phallus, and for thepater noster such facile shibboleths as, "I am real ... I touch .... I amone .... I am in you I" Thus from Rahab, which is the romance ofa woman whose behaviour is unfailingly and remarkably sub-conscious:"I shut my face in my hands and you are about me, my Baby. I ama baby with you. Our flesh is one: our hands are one like the petalsentwined in a flower. We are a flower together. We spring from theblack earth. We have had our blooming. The earth is there. We are gone.In the black earth under the snows, there is a seed of us, Edith! ... ofour softness, of the bright bloom of our twined petals the hard seed. I amlain away in the earth. The earth blooms only in us."From this specimen of the apostrophizings of Fanny Luve, it willbe remarked that the sub-conscious is extremely mystical, that it prefersto speak in monosyllables, to employ only the short sentence, of which thestress always comes in the opening phrase, thus giving the effect of therhythmic spasms of the old gasoline motors found in back country districts.This is a highly disturbing element, because at least forty per cent of thepages of Rahab and City Block is devoted to the communings of people withtheir subconscious selves.The subconscious mind employs words most weirdly:". . . . With her child in her arms she could pinch bravely and findreal . . ."Harry is coming back. O I know! I must be ready. I must be real.""Nakedness binds this warmth and this stillness. Nakedness mustend." (*)To suggest the qualities of dreams, the Great Vague is invoked. Sub- stantives, such as "softness," "whiteness," are heavily counted upon by themyopic libido.One serious objection to the subconscious is its lack of humor. It hasno sense of the absurd, no capacity to laugh at itself. For instance whenthe question is put: "Could you eat some more toast?" it cries:"How do I know what I eat?God you insult us.If we must feed on dirt.Why give us the love of the Clean?"1) *) The italies are for laboratory purposes only.*) RahaU — Page 175! Needless to say, a personage who proceeds through life in such a dazed,unprotected state suffers severely at life's hands; and Mrs. Luve from thetime she betrays her husband to the day she is put into the streets by theruffianly police of New York certainly does suffer many hardships. But instripping her, in divesting her of her gowns, her camisoles, of all the — forthe Freudian — fripperies of a superficial civilization which are invested inthe conscious mind, Waldo Frank has rendered her unsympathetic andtedious. He has attempted, through the psychoanalytic formula to catapulthimself into the ultimate sappy core of reality, to steal a march upon theDing an sich. An interesting and daring experiment, this of launching humanbeings into a vague plane of life like muffled machines, with all their organsfunctioning blindly and immodestly. An experiment quite unprofitable:these creatures are slack balloons appended to bulbous genitals.City Block is an arrangement of stories about people whose lives happento pass in one square block. This is evidently the thread which binds thesepeople, making their existences unanimous, (unanimistic) and their drama,a collective one. But the crowd element neither adds to nor detracts fromthe interest. Their personalities are still libido-ridden. All varieties ofFreudian paraphernalia, from the simple affair of the pretty young gover- ness who throws herself at the first comer, a policeman, to the young boywho loves his mother — well — pathologically. The machinery of thesestories is conventional, aside from the erotic data; i.e., the plot moveseither to the fulfillment or the vanquishment of a repressed desire. (Hereyou have the technical basis for a "psychoanalytic" literature to supplantthe plot-setting-character formula.) And the women are extraordinarilyalike. They are all hungry and want "beyond. .." Beyond what?The men all have big coarse features, hairy hands and kindhearts. Their lives are restless, their moods always high-pitched, theirvoices hoarse and intense with emotion. How ugly are untutoredemotions. Especially when they are not balanced against the schooledreasoning of modern man, when there is no vacation from them, when onefails to be diverted by them.And Waldo Frank has excellent musculature. He has gone far afield,conspired and perspired much to fabricate a psychoanalytic prose. Delib- erately, he rides a vague and flaccid vocabulary. His style is certainlythe most vexing issue. When he consciously misplaces verbs and adjectivesas "Friday night when always he broke away. . ." instead of "Friday nightwhen he always broke away," and distorts and inverts the language as in"Sophie no longer yearned to do caring things for Hilda," or "She is pain, gasping and falling," one can only remark that with the same effort animpressive and convincing diction might have been attained.There are moments when the dramatic possibilities of a situationcause Frank to swerve from his bias. The second of the Under the Domestories is a calm sunny picture of an idiot boy and his credulous parents.It is an excellent human-interest story in the old grand style. But hereat least one may measure Frank himself. In Hope the chug-chug of theFrank style is most adapted to his subject matter, and carries the mostphysical persuasion. In its brief confines, this story really contains all thatthe writer could have done artistically with his sexual machinery: a commoncase of adultery becomes something terrifically absurd and — tragic. It isinteresting to conjure with what the writer of these two stories will turnto next. How articulate or how ffsub-conscious" will his succeeding books be?The dominant tendency of Waldo Frank's books place him with agroup of American Impulsionists, with the exponents of mystical or un- conscious behaviour such as James Oppenheim and Sherwood Anderson.Despite an unfortunate emotional equipment similar to that of thesemen, he does attempt experiments with his material, which the others areeither incapable of or unwilling to hazard. This alone renders him a muchmore hopeful subject than these inarticulate personalities: his process swingsfrom thought associations to thought-dissociations, to a state of mind (upona few rare occasions) when the march of rhetoric seizes him to the completeobliteration of his message. Out of his unhappy gropings comes an in- genuous and unforgettable sentence:"She walked, clear slender neck and legs with her child so full beforeher her walk seemed to say: fMy child comes first.' "Dripping, as he is, with emotion for humanity, for the spread ofknowledge, or clarte, or whatever it is that must be spread, will Frankever turn upon himself with a nice brutality and adjust himself properlyabout the language?The emphasis of modern literature, and of modern poetry especiallyis upon great articulateness and precision of expression, whether or no thewhole form give an effect of articulateness. The effect of novelty developesthrough a fresh approach to the business of defining experiences bya sharply demarcated personality, such as one discovers in William CarlosWilliams, in E. E. Cummings, in Marianne Moore. Their speculations withsyntax, their rebellions, are the consummation of a long straight line whoseinception lies in our traditional literature, and in the purest language forms.A truly inventive spirit is a lordly fish; the language is his grateful element:a sea in which he cannot drown. Dancer from the Ballet Tricorne Pablo Picasso NO. 19. Louis Kassak The angels filed through the black net the geese gatheredround the glass warehouses and the scullion milkedthe pot clear to the brimlight be his burden who is goneyet we are a simple European family and our life hereis like an old cylinderit is in fact full of lice waterways and pilots with ninefingerslift the children out of your eyeslo and behold the mothers of Lily Street of the ponderousbreasts the arms linen rods and under the knots oftheir hair the liveried coachmen stretch themselvesoutthe thinkers have just installed themselves under thebrass humpof the camel and the mountains labor in the throes ofbirthhowever the midwife has lost her diplomaI have neither shirts nor hoseI have no shirts no shirts I have straw slippersI have no shirts I have straw slippersI have no shirts I have straw slippers I have no shirtsof shirts I have not anyAnd it you who are entirely to blamethe bells of the neighboring village sing in D flatand you do not remark the snowdrops in our hearts dripit is also possible that we have grown too fat O O it were best to dielet us ring the little lambs inbeyond the forest the world can still be seen dissolvingin a scarlet nebulusand the most domesticated of the dogs flying with pea- cock feathers in their buttocks toward the moonthere can be no more doubt that it is the twelfth hourour our our thour our owMr Kempeler lights up the starsthe war veterans close up their shopsand we three walk in a pair of straw slippers throughthe cloven mountains. Costume for Ravel's Rhapsodie Espagnole Gontdharova ON THE STAIRS LEADING TO MY MARBLE HALLS Alfred Mombert On the stairs leading to my marble halls,In the moonlightI stand, erect.Far below, in the thin blue mountain-lake,Death is bathing,The miscarried child of an unripe world.The wretched creature is two feet high.He wants to cleanse himself secretlyIn my beloved faithful waters.Every worm in my kingdomIs more radiant and is more blessedThan that creature, below there. SUFFERING Albert Ehrenstein How am I hitchedTo the coal-wagon of my mourning!Loathsome as a spiderTime creeps over me.My hair falls out,My head greys, like a fieldWhere the last reaperSwings his sickle.Sleep darkens about my limbs.Already in dreams I have died,Grass sprang out of my skull,My head was of black earth. THE MOSCOW ART THEATRE H. A. L. Czar Feodor loannovitch produced by the Moscow Art Theatre Com- pany under the personal direction of Stanislavsky was given, last Sundaynight, in Berlin. The lifted curtain revealed a picture, three men in a room,a primitive, such a one as the art galleries term ffln the Byzantine Manner."And as the participants spoke, gestured, moved, the illusion remained. Notthe crooking of a finger would have roused the spectator from dreamingthat he had awakened, like the Connecticut Yankee, in some long pastcentury.The critical faculty revived as the action proceeded. One examinedthe constituents of the picture to discover just how the spell was invoked.The setting was good. The costumes were genuine, such as one sees ina few rare collections, and very beautiful. A group of old Altar paintingsin a corner was the centre and binding motif of the decorative scheme.More than to any of these elements the spell was perhaps due to the perfectionof the acting. Each gesture could have been only that gesture and noother. Each inflection of the voice, each cut of beard, could have belongedonly to that particular actor and no other. Perhaps the production ofStanislavsky can be compared to Salammbo of Flaubert except that in thiscase for the mot juste is substituted the ensemble juste. Both seem inspiredby the belief that there exists but one way of expressing a thing and thatto find this is the task of the artist. Like Flaubert, Stanislavsky withsuperhumen efforts, approximates his ideal.In the year 1898 the Moscow Art Theatre was established. Feodorloannovitch was given on the opening night and the same company, with afew minor changes in the cast, performed in early October 1922. Twenty fouryears ago the utilization of an original tableset from the time of Boris,the faithful imitation of an ancient room, copied out of a museum, the exactrepresentation of the superseded social mannerisms of the epoch and aboveall the perfection of detail which the genius of Stanislavsky never fails tocommand, made a sensation in Moscow which culminated, many years later,in the general recognition of the supremacy in the theatrical world of theMoscow Art Theatre. Stanislavsky still possesses in the Western World his great prestige.He intends with the assistance of an American contract to exhibit the playswhich "made his theatre famous," before the great foreign audiences.As he has without question pushed his method or theory of the theatreto the limit of its possibilities it is well worth attending the performanceseven though one believes, like the contemporary Russian art radicals, thathis productions are as anachronistic as the painted icons in the museums.In fact Meyerhold, Tairov, Forreguer and many other of the active theatricalmen are wholly opposed to the subtle realism, to the scientific analysis ofpsychological states, which constitute the main preoccupation of the ThreeSisters, Uncle Vania, The Cherry Orchard and other plays of his repertoire.They consider all this obsolete now that the revolution has overturned everyold value and made fluid the social stratas, formerly static. The newertendencies in the Russian theatre seek theatricalism rather than realism,turn to the circus, to melodrama, to burlesque, neglecting the drawing roomand the hidden struggles of constrained wills. Simple passions expressedin action are felt to be more in tune with present conditions.Even though workmen have taken the place of the old bourgeoisieand a new bourgeoisie is now occupying the chairs of the work- men, still the Russian theatre-going public throngs Stanislavsky's theatreand from one point of view their instinct is sound. For it must beadmitted that this Moscow stage has maintained during many terribleyears a standard of production which has never been excelled even thoughwe may differ with its underlying theories. An interesting commentary onthe problem is that Stanislavsky admits in conversation, to a change ofemphasis not evidenced by the plays which will be given in America. Hebelieves the importance given to settings and stage accessories overdone andwould prefer to have his actors play their parts before a black curtain. BETWEEN OURSELVESJohn Cournos, the author of Babel, is generallyregarded over here as an English author. As a matterof fact, Cournos is an American citizen whose parentscame from Russia many years ago and settled in Phila-delphia where young Cournos began his literary adven-tures by peddling newspapers outside of the Pennsylvaniastation. From peddling papers to the job of printer'sdevil was a quick step, and from printer's devil to thejob of reporter was only a matter of a few years.During these years when he was the principal supportof a large family. Cournos saved enough money to makehis "grand tour" abroad and finally settled in Londonwhere he has lived the last three years, during whichtime he wrote his trilogy, The Wall, The Mask, andBabel. Such worth while critics as F. Scott Fitzgerald,Rebecca West, Rose Macaulay, Sheila Kaye-Smith,May Sinclair, John Macy, Burton Rascoe, T. R. Smith,etc., think that Babel is a big book, and when Cournosreturns to America this autumn, he hopes that thepublic will already have shown its full agreement withthe high opinion of the critics.Few people will believe that an author would spendsomething like $ 12.00 rather than have a single commain one of his books left out. Mr. Liveright, however,is willing to take an affidavit that on the morning ofSeptember 4 th at the horribly early hour of 3:15 A. M.,Ben Hecht telephoned to him from Chicago andtook no less than 15 minutes to insist that on page47 of his new book, Gargoyles, in the sentence rea-ding, "If all women were like you, there would beno bad men," the omission of a comma after the wordyou entirely destroyed the rhythm of his prose. Mr.Hecht knew that the book was to go to press thefollowing day and would not trust a telegram tomake his meaning clear. In relating this story toseveral people the only comment which seemed to beforthcoming has been: What is punctuation to Hecht,anyhow?It is not generally known that Stacy Aumonier,the author of Heartbeat, which in a short month hasproven to be by far the most popular of his novelswhich have been published in America, was, before hedevoted himself to letters, an artist of no mean ability.At The Savage Club in London, which correspondsmore or less to our Players Club in New York, thereare a number of Mr. Aumonier's pictures, and twoof his sketches are among the most prized possessionsof Miss May Sinclair, who is a next door neighborof the Aumoniers at St. John's Wood.Hendrik Van Loon, as everyone knows, is a merryold soul and he is just as generous as he is merry.His publishers have just received a cable from himfrom Stockholm saying: "Congratulations to everyone inthe office on Mankind touching the 63,000 mark!The critics have said it's a good book, but the loveand energy lavished on it by all of you, from the bossdown to the shipping clerk, made it 60 instead of 6."We have just printed 50,000 additional copies of TheStory of Mankind and feel that maybe that won tbe enough for the holiday season.Beginning this autumn, instead of continuing theformer practice of publishing a number of new titles inThe Modern Library in one group each season, onenew title will be issued on the 10 th of each month.One title each year will be chosen by the booksellersthemselves. Mr. Liveright says: "There seems noreason why the reading public shouldn't look forwardwith as keen anticipation to the new Modern Libraryvolume on the 10 th of each month as the music-lovingpublic does to the new Victor and Columbia records."The September Modern Library title will be AncientMan by Hendrik Van Loon with a number of newillustrations by Hank himself.Ludwig Lewisohn, the author of Up Stream oneof the finest autobiographies which have been publishedin America in many years, and which, by the way, isnow in its Bth edition and moving stronger up streamevery day, is now at work on his new novel, TheHearthstone. If the next 300 pages are as good asthe fiist 50, Lewisohn will score another big success.The Carra edition of the works of George Moore,the first three volumes of which will be published inOctober, will be prefaced by a 10,000 word intro-duction which Mr. Moore calls Apologia Pro ScriptisMeis.Gertrude Atherton writes us that she has almostcompleted the third revison of her new novel whichwill appear with our imprint early in January. Howmany writers in these mad dynamic days qualify forthat fine definition of genius which consists in takinginfinite pains?The books mentioned on this page may be had at any first-class book shop in the United StatesBONI &amp; LIVERIGHT,Publishers103 West 40 th Street NEW YORK The subcription price of BROOM is $ 5 per year, but for a limited time onlywe are making the following special offer:(1) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and The Goose Man by JacobWassermann, author of The World's Illusion ($ 2.50). Both for $ 5.50.(2) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and Batouala by Rene Maran,winner of the PRIX GONCOURT ($1.75). Both for $5.00.(3) BROOM for a year ($ 5) and The Hairy Ape (includingAnna Chrystie and The First Man) ($ 2.00). Both for $ 5.00.BROOM3 EAST 9th STREET, NEW YORK CITyFor the enclosed $ please send me Broom for a year and thefollowing book Name Adress /C\ne must learn the language in which an art speaks if one/ Jis to have a mastery of that art.Like all forms of art, interior decoration draws uponmany others for its perfect individuality. It has its own laws,its own technique, its own rewards, and it is one of the fewarts that works in three dimensions.It demands wide academic knowledge, a thorough grasp ofprinciples and practice to understand as well as to create.The Arts &amp; Decoration Practical Home Study Course in In-terior Decoration is a result of the remarkable demand madeupon the magazine for authoritative comprehensive know-ledge on this subject.The course covers every phase of interior decoration beginningwith fundamentals and explaining each progressive step, illus-trated with a wealth of pictures and clear, simple text.This course is essential to a cultural education and a necessityto those who desire to make their surroundings more beautiful.The directors of the course are Harold Donaldson Eberleinand Nancy V. McClelland consulting and practicing decoratorsof national reputation.The Advisory Faculty includes such distinguished authoritiesas William Emerson, Director, Architectural School, Massa-chusetts Institute of Technology; Huger Elliott, Principal,Pennsylvania Museum and School of Industrial Art; RichardF. Bach, of the Department of Industrial Art, MetropolitanMuseum of Art; Whitney Warren, Architect, and PhyllisAcherman, Ph. D.The course is completed in twenty-four lessons covering a fullyear. We shall be glad to send you a booklet giving a fulldescription. Hrts &amp; Decoration50 Uldt 47 th Street * ]Vew City THE NATION20 Vesey StreetNEW YORKOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD,EditorAssociate EditorsLEWIS S. GANNETTARTHUR WARNERFREDA KIRCHWEYLUDWIG LEWISOHNNORMAN THOMASERNEST H GRUENINGManaging EditorJOHN MACYLiterary EditorContributing EditorJOHN A. HOBSONANATOLE FRANCEH. L. MENCKENFRIEDRICH WILHELM FOERSTERROBERT HERRICKCARL VAN DORENWith THE NATIONfor a year:$ 5.00Contemporary AmericanNovelists,by Carl Van DorenThe Enormous Room,by E. E. Cummings$ 5.50Babbitt,by Sinclair LewisOn Life and Letters, 111,by Anatole FranceThe Critical Game,by John Macy$ 6,00Up Stream,by Ludwig Lewison Jf Balieff's small drama On the Sudden Death of aHorse illustrates as he insists the Greatness of theRussian Soul, it is easy to understand why SherwoodAnderson's animadversions on the Cincinnati riverfront reveal certain important facts about the mentalprocesses of Americans. Admitting this, one admitsthat The Nation's series, "These United States," isbuilding a composite picture of America all the morefaithful because it distinguishes instead of generali-zing. While Kansas is still buzzing with WilliamAllen White's accusation that his mother state isunsafe for poets, Nevada and Delaware and NewJersey leap into the public view and prove by theheat of their protests the unwelcome truth of theirportraits. * * *Adding the ideas of his "Spirit of AmericanLiterature" to the rich tradition of Carl Van Dorensliterary editorship of The Nation, John Macy ismaking the book department illustrate the theme of hislatest volume that talk about literature is of no valueunless in itself it is enjoyable. It is possible to beentertaining even about statistical works, and this whennecessary The Nation's reviews achieve.* * * The above reasons for reading The Nationare of minor importance, compared to your certaintythat you will find information which is not accessibleelsewhere; and that events in Europe are pretty aptto turn out as The Nation prophesies them. Atthe left are mentioned a few attractive ways to seeThe Nation regularly. THE NATION20 VESEY STREET NEW YORKI enclose $ —Send The Nation for a year and Name Address 15 cent a copy. Annual subscription $5 00 B-1 2 "LIGHT AND LEADING" INTHE WORLD OF LETTERSTHE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, which for more than a hundred yearshas maintained unchallenged primacy among the literary periodicals of America, announcesthe publication of a series of articles of singular timeliness and authoritative value in thepresent period of disputation and transition in the world of letters. The writer is ProfessorJohn Erskine, who occupies the Chair of Literature at Columbia University and who is himselfan author, editor and critic of distinction. Under the general heading of The Literary-Discipline he is discussing the pertinent topics ofDecency in Literature,Originality in Literature,The Cult of the Natural,The Cult of the Contemporary,The Characters Proper for Literature.In these five comprehensive articles he states, in terms of the art of letters itself,certain aesthetic principles of the highest importance, which for the moment seem to be forgotten,and to the overlooking of which is due the major part of the unsatisfactory conditions nowprevailing in American literature. The first of these articles, on Decency in Literature,appears in the November number of THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW, and theothers will appear consecutively in the succeeding four numbers.This series, which will be recognized as one of the most significant publications inliterary criticism for many years, will be not so much as a tithe of the valuable contents ofthis magazine. Other articles in the current number or scheduled for its near successorsare by Robert Bridges, Poet Laureate of England, on Free Verse; by John Cotton Dana,the eminent librarian, on the effects of recent social and economic changes upon reading,and conversely the effect of reading upon such changes; by Montrose J. Moses, authorand critic, on paternalism in children's literature; by Joel Blau, one of the foremost rabbis andHebrew scholars of the age, on the Second Coming of Israel; by William D. Riter,Assistant Attorney-General of the United States, on the contrast between earlier and laterConstitutional conceptions of the relation between States and Nation; by B. Seebohm Rowntree,the British industrialist and publicist, on the future of British industry; by Alice Lothianon the literary art of Walter de la Mare.Poetry, always an important feature, will be represented by contributions from AnneGoodwin Winslow, Margaret Widdemer, Constance Lindsay Skinner, Leonora Speyer,John R. C. Peyton, William A. Drake, Joseph Auslander, and others.A frequent feature will be a critique of some outstanding Book of the Month, fromthe brilliant and incisive pen of Lawrence Gilman; Professor Willis Fletcher Johnson,historian and international publicist, will write each month on the Affairs of the World;and there will be a multitude of reviews, extended or brief, of significant new books.Any reader of BROOM can secure this extraordinary series of articles by ProfessorErskine, each accompanied by more than a dozen others of comparable worth, and two ad-ditional numbers of this REVIEW for good measure, by writing to THE NORTH AMERICANREVIEW, mentioning BROOM, and enclosing $ 2.00 (or $ 2.48 from a foreign country).He will in return receive seven succesive numbers of THE NORTH AMERICAN RE-VIEW, beginning with that for November containing the first article on Decency in Lite-rature. Seven numbers for the usual price of six.Address — promptly, in order to take advantage of this special offer and to makesure of securing the November number before the edition is exhausted —THE NORTH AMERICAN REVIEW,9 East 37 th Street NEW YORK If Tou UroomYou Will £i\eTHE DIAL—a journal whose sole purpose is to bring the work of the artistswho count to the people who care.The significance of The Dial in contemporary literature is dueto its established policy of including the best procurable work ofAmericans and Europeans, both famous and unknown, withoutregard to the novelty or conventionality of the form in whichtheir work is presented.The Dial is, therefore, able to offer its readers a review inwhich new and traditional modes of expression are publishedside by side, so that the reader may have the unusual pleasure ofexercising his own judgment, with the assurance that he has inhand the best of both schools.In addition, The Dial offers a critical compte rendu of art andletters throughout the world.The Dial was the first old established magazine in America toadjust its policy and point of view to include the newer tendenciesin art and letters. Since The Dial's change of policy, less thanthree years ago, two other well-known, old established magazines,have modified their traditional point of view in the direction firsttaken by The Dial. A number of new magazines representativeof modern tendencies in art and letters, of which Broom is one,have sprung up in both Europe and America within recent months.If you like Broom, you will like The Dial. Each supplementsthe other, and yet each has its own distinctive flavor. It is im-possible for any one magazine to offer all of the best work of theworld's finest artists. Broom and The Dial together, however,you like one, you will surely likeYou may enter my name for a year'ssubscription to Broom and The Dialat the special combination rate of $7.50Name Address I I I enclose $7.50. EH I will remit$7.50 on receipt of your bill.THE DIAL152 West 13th Street, New York CityB-11-22B-11-22very nearly cover the field. If•? the other.rSpecial OfferBROOMandTHE DIALeach alone for one year $5.00BOTH TOGETHER$7.50 for the p?ayiorisAts of tomorrow&amp; professional course inPLAYWRITINGunder the personal supervision of Theo-dore Ballou Hinckley, of THEDRAMA (formerly of the University ofChicago) assisted by famous playwrights,critics, actors and producers.OFFERED now to a limited number of ambitiouspeople, this personal correspondence "course in play-writing affords an unusual opportunity hitherto una-vailable. It covers a year of closely supervised instructionin the technique of play-writing. It is individualized in amanner that makes it unique, thorough and practical.Throughout, the aim is toward actual production — notmere amateurish effort. The course brings all that is bestfrom many sources. In study courses, books, examinations,practice plays, analyzations, criticisms, etc., you are takenstep by step, from the simplest rudiments up to actualcompletion of plays, and then on to the considerationof producers.Good Plays Earn Big RoyaltiesThe building of a successful play lies in the intelligentdirection of study —in the guidance of a master-critic.Mr. Hinckley has devoted his life to the study of the drama.He has guided many successful playwrights. He knowswhat to stress, what to avoid. He will train you to sensethe changing demands of the public. Manuscripts withthe endorsement of THE DRAMA receive the attentionof producers.As this is a highly personalized course, Mr. Hinckley,in order to individualize each course by correspondence,is forced to limit the enrollment to the most promisingpeople. Please do not confuse this with any correspon-dence course ever offered before —it is entirely different.Limited EnrollmentThe coupon brings complete information. Fill it outand mail it. You'll be surprised and pleased at the detailsand at the low cost of enrollment. To insure your placein the class, you should familiarize yourself with this greatopportunity before the class readies its limit of enrollment.Mail the coupon now to the Department of Instruction,The Drama Corporation, 500 Athenaeum Building, Chicago.Complete Information Sent to YouIf You Mail the Coupon NowDepartment of Instruction,THE DRAMA CORPORATION,548 Athenaeum Bldg., Chicago.Please send information regarding your personalized coursein play-writing.NameStreetCityState I ARE YOU A 1| BOOKFELLOW? [g If not, you should belong to the order gg of Bookfellows, an International Association gH of Readers and Writers. Publishers of books gg and brochures written by, and sold to members gg only. First editions of James Branch Cabell, gg Hamlin Garland and oJthers, not on sale in gg bookstores. We also publish the Step Ladder,g a monthly journal of bookly ascent, free g| to members. Referring to Stuart P. Sherman's jjM note on Carl Sandburg (in September issue)j the Chicago News says,"We easily recommend |fM The Step Ladder in place of The NewJ Republic". One dollar per annum, circulars gM on request. g| Flora Warren Seymour, |1 Clerk, 4917 Blackstone Avenue, 1M Chicago, Illinios, U. S. A. g 0600600600600600600600600600600600600600^I DANIEL GALLERYPAINTINGS BY MODERNAmerican and French Artists82 WEST 47th STREET8 NEW YORK CITY8000600600600600600)0060060060060060060010060060 I IMil IImC, Qa£cLeman~JufiusEditor LIFE AND LETTERS"I Will 'Fordize' the MagazineField Too!" — C, feaPcteman-JutiusThat Was the Assertion of the Editor ofThe Pocket Series of 239 Classics—And He Did ItBY GEORGE C. NAGEL."I want to edit a magazine that will be better than the so-called' QualityGroup,' but which zcjill NOT cost $5.00 per year. My idea is to printthe finest literary material and charge only twenty-five cents per year—two cents per issue. I know the idea is sound; so lam going rightahead with the work, positive you will endorse the plan and subscribe.''''LIFE AND LETTERS tackles onesubject at a time. Below are lisledsome of the historical charactersMr. Haldeman-Julius' editorial depart-ment will handle, each in a separateissue. Look over the program belowand see if there are not some charac-ters with whom you would like to getbetter acquainted. There are also manyothers who will get consideration.Don't you want to knowmore about these Master Minds?Mr. Halderran-Julius has succeeded, purpose the acquainting of its readersand LIFE AND LETTERS takes its with the great masters and their works.place among the magazines of today fjrst number was devoted todevoted to giving the public the very Henry David Thoreau, the great Newbest in English literature at the unthink- England individualist. Sir Richard Francisable subscription price of 25 cents a Burton, the British explorer, Orientalist,year. It now has 100,000 subscribers. soldier, writer dominated the second issue,LIFE AND LETTERS is a monthly and Plato the third.magazine devoted to the best in literature. jjpE AND LETTERS is not filledNothing but the best appears in it. It w;th mere printed pages. Neither is itpreaches no isms. It has no pet theories. stuffed with dry-as-dust theories or half-It has no hidden policies. Mr. Halde- baked ideas. The biographical sketchesman-Julius maintains the American jn up£ AND LETTERS are correlatedpeople know what they want. He con- w£th the character's deeds and works.tends they want the best kind of reading Don't miss LIFE AND LETTERS.matter. But they cannot and will not c , ~ 1 • .1. . 3 , . . 1 A/i Subscribe NOW and receive the cur-pay several times what it is worth. Most t . .rent issue'purses will not permit that. LIFE AND LETTERS contains six-Education will increase in direct pro- teen pages, each half the size of yourportion to the decrease in the expense Sunday newspaper. It is printed on a fineof attaining it. Good reading is one of grade of book paper, and is profuselythe greatest elements in education and illustrated with portraits and pictures,culture. University education has the fsj0 pains are saved in making LIFEworks of the masters as its basis, and LETTERS a magazine any onethe individual who consistently reads the should be proud to have on the libraryworks of the masters gets the same table. Its being there is a sign of literarysatisfaction. taste and appreciation of the betterLIFE AND LETTERS has as its things in literature.Twelve issues for 25 centsMr. Haldeman-Julius' ambition to "Fordize" the magazine field, coupled witha 100 per cent automatic printing plant and presses that can print 25,000 maga-zines an hour, permits LIFE AND LETTERS to be sold at 25 cents a year.And still Mr Haldeman-Julius can maintain around him an able editorial staff tomake LIFE AND LETTERS distinctly a magazine of culture.Subscribe now. Don't miss an issueLIFE AND LETTERS is not sold on Newsstands. It comes every monthdirect to your door.For one dollar bill you can subscribe yourself and have three of your friendsreceive LIFE AND LETTERS and enjoy the pleasures of good reading for twelvemonths.This coupon in an envelope with 25 cents in coin or stamps will bring youLIFE AND LETTERS for a whole year.Life and Letters, Girard, Kansasmilium iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii| Subscribe for LIFE AND LETTERS—Use this coupon.| E. Haldeman-Julius, Dept. T—4s| Girard, Kansas.Send me your magazine LIFE AND LETTERS for one year for which| I enclose 25 cents.E Name I Street | City State In Canada and other foreign countries the subscription price is 50c.iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiir= why not read them now? why not read them now? why not read them now? why not read them now?£oaaju-Moa£oGaswoG£OG&lt;y•MoG£OG&lt;y•MoG£oG&lt;VuoG£oGC 3UOGOe Ofolest andTCeioest Clrt o/Ctmer/caIn the January 7broomMaya Sculpture andArchitectureContemporary AmericanProse and PoetryThe Art of the Mayas was the earliest American Art. Conceived some ten centuries ago, it remainsthe magnificent expression of one of the noblest races which inhabited America. Since then, many races,many cultures have come and gone. All but the topography of North America has been altered. Butthe new races which populate the transformed continent are also creating a new art which mirrors as faithsfully the astonishing environment they have made for themselves. Why not read them now?BROOM from old Europe will present in the JANUARY number an array of AMERICANwritings such as no magazine in America has yet ventured. Why not read them now?PRIZE CONTEST•SiWhichprominentAmericandoes thisportrait-statuerepresent.PRIZESforbest answers!V"SPs1st. PRIZESubscription toBROOMfor Life.2nd. PRIZEOne year'ssubscription toBRO 0 M3rd. PRIZEOne yearssubscription toBROOM.BROOM has never lacked faith in the Artistic future of America. Here are new writers, someknown, most unknown, whose work is as varied, as fertile, as powerfully muscled as anything being writtenin England France or Germany. Here is Comparative Literature. Here are writers who will be studiedin Courses in Comparative Literature twenty years hence. Why not read them now?KAy BOyLE MARIANNE MOOREROBERT SANBORN MALCOLM COWLEyMARGARET EVANS JEAN TOOMERWILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMSKENNETH BURKEGERTRUDE STEINCHARLES GALWEyand others who are not to be had in book form, not to be found on library shelves. In them is theclamor of a young culture. The JANUARy number of BROOM is a challenge to Americans torecognize a national art as profoundly American asBASEBALL THE CINEMATHE JAZZ BAND AND THE DIZZY SKYSCRAPERwhile fundamentally in harmony with the Art of the ancient Mayas. The best way to be sure of readingthem now is toSUBSCRIBE AT ONCE Five Dollars ($ 5) to BROOM3 East Ninth Street, New York.3O33Qo*3O33Ort-nso3o33Ortnn3O*3OoCO(X.3O33Ortnnv3O3avou uiaij; puaj jou Aijav uiaijj paej jou Aijav uuaijj peaj jou Aijas. uiaijj jou Aijav Gifts for Allin great variety and style—'to suit everyage and taste and purse —for your friends,your family, your children, or other children. Books make particularlyacceptable and lasting gifts.0NiuTHFOR MOTHERBooks, Leather Goods, PortfcEngagement Pads, Brass ]Sets, Imported and DomStationery, Silver and Goldcils, Miniature Bibles.FOR CHILDREIBooks: Myths, Legends, FTales, History, Animal StcNursery Rhymes, Picture B(Games, Blocks, Toys.EX LIBRISPicturesque Spain, byProfuse illustrations oflittle known spots of naturwonder.Architecture and ApplSpain, by AuguslA study of the beauti*ture, showing by more thantions the fulness of an art whboyant fancy of the Moor wness of the Goth.to0I3%%FATHER[ars, Diaries, Foun-dress Books, BrassBrass Paper Weights,&gt; Books, Reference:sk Sets.FRIENDSCards, Book Ends,and Single VolumesSubscriptions toagazines.SHAKESPEARE AND COMPANYPARISazine published inand fantastic beau-translation.$ 15.00 the year.of the Italiana Schottmuller.strations, the assem-r of Italian domesticAn essential book$ 10.00Degeneration in the Great French Masters, by Jean Carrere.A criticism of the tendencies in French literature from Rousseau, with much new light and personalanecdotes about Zola, Verlaine, Chateaubriand, and others. $ 4.00The French Revolution: A Historical Sketch, by Walter Geer.The first book in English for forty years on the great Revolution. Geer deals with men. Hishistory has the swiftness of an outline with the intimacy of a biography, and is always soundly grounded,A comprehensive and authentic book. $ 5.00Italian Romance Writers, by Joseph Spencer Kennard.A discussion of the art and work of the great Italian romancers of the present and past generations.Dr. Kennard is equally facile in Italian and English. His novels have sold second only to those ofD'Annunzio in Italy. A necessary book for quid understanding of Italian literature. $ 2.50BRENTANO'SNEW YORKParis Washington LondonTHEm