Bruno's Weekly 1 17 November 13th, MCMXV naaq_1915-11-13_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 1 17 F. Coulton Wanah Illustration 1 Facsimile reproduced from"The Autograph," Mr. Madigan's interesting magazine of a few years ago, which was devoted exclusively to autographs and their lore. Mr. Madigan owns the original of this best-known poem of the Hoosier Poet. Illustration 2 The Splendor of Richmond Hill General Prosper M. Wetmore cre 2-3 American Music and the Thimble Theatre 4 Diogenes In Our Village 5-6 This Week's Performance in Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre 6-7 A Story in White Paul Leclercq cre 7-9 A man cannot help that other people do not think htm Sadakichi Hartmann cre 9 General Washington, the Patron of Our Square. A Contemporary and Very Scarce Engraving. Illustration 10 In Our Village 10-12 Books and Magazines of the Week 12-16 Cats' Face Baths D. Molby cre 16 Richard Wagner—Egoist Guido Bruno cre 16-17 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 18 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents November 13th, 1915. BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 17 NOVEMBER 13th, MCMXV Vol I Copyright 1915 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last issue) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be Continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly, by Charles Edison andEdited and written by Guido Bruno, 58 Washington Square,New York City. Subscription $1 a year.Applications for entry as second-class matter at the Post Office ofNew York pending. F. Coulton Wanah Facsimile reproduced from"The Autograph," Mr. Madigan'sinteresting magazine of a few years ago, which was devotedexclusively to autographs and their lore. Mr. Madigan ownsthe original of this best-known poem of the Hoosier Poet. The Splendor of Richmond Hill By General Prosper M. Wetmore Once Situated at Varick and Charlton Streets, Greenwich Village. j"&gt;URING the first year of the Government,_under the newly- adopted constitution, while President Washington was living,with some display of courtly splendor, at the Franklin mansion,at the corner of Pearl and Cherry streets, John Adams, ofMassachusetts, the? first Vice-President, occupied the house andgrounds of Richmond Hill. How much the delightful surround- ings of that beautiful residence were enjoyed by its inmates,at this pefriod, is pleasantly depicted in the letters of Mrs. AbigailAdams, the wife of the She writes to herrelative, Mrs. Shaw, in the following glowing tefrms: Richmond Hill, N. Y.,27th September, 1789."I write to you, my dear sister, not from the disputed banksof the Potomac, the? Susquehanna, or the Delaware, but fromthe peaceful borders of the Hudson; a situation where the handof Nature has so lavishly displayed her beauties, that she hasleft scarcely anything for her handmaid, Art, to perform."The house in which we reside is situated on a hill, the avenueto which is interspersed with forest-trees, undejr which ashrubbery, rather too luxuriant and wild, has taken shelter,owing to its having been deprived, by death, some years since,of its original proprietor, who kept it in perfect order. In frontof the house, the noble Hudson rolls its waves, bearing upon hisbosom innumerable small vessels, which are constantly for- warding the rich products of the neighboring hand of a moreextensive commerce."If my days of fancy and romance we're not past, I could findhere an ample! field for indulgence; yet, amidst these delightfulscenes of Nature, my heart pants for the society of my dearrelatives and friends who are! too far removed from me."In the year 1797, this property was in the possession of aneminent foreign gentleman by the name of Temple; and a gooddeal of public excitement was awakened by an extensive? robberycommitted on the premises, the perpetrators of which were neverdiscovered. Just at this period the Richmond Hill estate cameinto the possession of Aaron Burr, by whom it was retained,as a country residence, for about fifteen years.His home life was passed in the society of his family, atRichmond Hill. While his business offices and lodging apart- ments were in the crowded city, his hours of enjoyment andthe brilliant scenes of his social entertainments always foundhim at this chosen spot. It was here that he received, with fittinghonors, the distinguished strangers from every land, who cameto study the features of the country and to estimate the char- acters of the people, newly entering into the family of thenations. His daughter, Theodosia, after the death of her mother,the delight of her father's heart, the chosen companion of hishours of ease and relaxation, conducted with rare tact anddiscretion, the generous hospitality of the Richmond Hill estab- lishment.Among the frequent guests at Burr's house, during thisperiod of his highest prosperity and popularity, were the ac- complished Volney, the courtly Talleyrand, and the princely- born Louis-Philippe. Expatriated under the misrule of theFrench Revolution, these were all of a class of men whom Burrdelighted to entertain, and who could appreciate and enjoy theelegant hospitality which was extended to them. About thistime also, while the Vice-President was at his post of duty, inWashington, he requested his daughter, whom he had left incharge of his country establishment, and who was then fourteenyears of age, to give a dinner-party at Richmond Hill, to thecelebrated Indian chief, Brant. American Music and the ThimbleTheatre T° get a hearing is the hardest thing for the artist, musi- cian and literateur in America. Not that I want to say thatgenius can be silenced by proprietors of art galleries, bymusical impresarios, concert managers, readers of publishinghouses, or purchasing editors of magazines and periodicals.A good word done in this world is never lost. It is bound tobe appreciated some day. But how fortunate? is it if this"some day" happens to be in the lifetime of the artist or theauthor or of the' musician!The author and artist have it comparatively easy "toget a show." To view a painting or a drawing does not takelong and it appeals (or not) to the eye of everybody. If _hedoes not succeed in interesting art galjeries or magazineeditors, he might find keepers of stores and shops _ willing toput it on view. He' can wrap it up, take it under his arm andmake his endless rounds: they surely will.look at it, even ifonly for the sake of courtesy, and a courteous glance mayoften be transformed into interest . . . into the success ofthe artist.The writer also will find it not so difficult to get hisreader or a listener. He, too, has the advantage of beingable to take the children of his muse to whomever he wishesto approach. The musician has the hardest stand. The? wayfor him to the American public leads through narrow chan- nels. Narrow as the eye of a needle'. Our many music hallsseem to exclude American music. There is not one concerthall that would give the American musician a chance to have?his work accepted or rejected by an American public. TheAmerican composer and musician has to bring a pocket fullof clippings telling about the concert he gave in Berlin, inParis, or best of all, in Vienna, if he wants to have a slightchance with the American impresario. The arrangement ofsuch concerts abroad are not only expensive and time-killingbut degrading for the American who has to solicit the ap- plause of a foreign auditorium in order to gain a hearing inlis own country before an American audience."Of course, I know," said Mr. Edison, "that my work inGreenwich Village won't be of much influence on these pre- vailing conditions. But the American composers whom II am giving a chance to play on the stage of my ThimbleTheatre might find encouragement to _ continue theirwork successfully, and we, the? audience, will _ perhaps hearsomething that is worth while. Every American composerwho has something to offer will be quite welcome? to do sobefore my guests. The complications in Europe caused atgood many changes in the literary and art life of America.Maybe the time has come that American music will make itsappearance. Greenwich Village has been the birth-place of somany good pictures and literary productions that it wouldbe only natural to see some good music, American music,emanate from out of one of its attics or garrets." Diogenes In Our Village least one real philosopher is among us. A man who hasno other object in life but to live, and to live means to himto walk about whenever he pleases to do so, to read books andhis newspapers regularly, and above all, to let the sun shine uponhim every day—not as we do, just to know subconsciouslythat the sun is shining because we don't light the gas or turnon the electric light—but to sit in the golden warm rays andto feel that there is one glorious sun shining for one man,and that is for himself. In fact, his desire for his daily sun bathmade him a philosopher* of life, caused him to give up anoccupation and to seek and finally find a way to keep suppliedthe necessities of mind as well as of his body.For some Jays I had heard early in the morning, in the littlealley just below my window, someone chopping wood. Atfirst I didn't know that the noise was caused by chopping wood.Curiosity made me look out of the window, and there was anold man chopping up old boxes and boards into small pieces,bundling the pieces and placing them into paper bags. I wentdown one morning into the alley and here is the story hetold me?: "People are glad if I remove this waste boxes andwood from their premises. I have my regular route on Bleeckerstreet and every Saturday I make a trip down as far as Grandstreet. It takes me about an hour in the late afternoon toget my supply for the next morning. I fill my bags—at presenteight bags every day, but later on in the winter as many asfifteen and twenty. At six o'clock evefry morning, I take themto my regular customers right near by here in the tenementhouses. They pay me four cents and five cefnts for each. It'seasier for them to buy their fuel from me to cook breakfast,for a few pennies, than to pay half a dollar or a dollar to thecoal man for a bigger supply."I struck on this scheme a couple of years ago, and I neverregretted giving up my trade. I was a carpenter and I mustsay myself that I was pretty good at my trade. I used to earnas high as four and five dollars a day. In those days my wifewas living and later on she was sick and all my savings wentto the druggist and still later I paid hospital bills. The under- taker, after her death, put me into debt. I paid him off too.I had to give up my home. I had no children and it was likestarting a new life. I was out of work for a few weeks. Iwalked around in the city. For twenty years I hadn't seen thecity on a week day during business hours. I saw all that lifeon the streets. I saw so many things which were strange andnew to me, and I wandered about just seeing things and lookingat people and looking at what they were doing. That was thetime I started to like the sun. All my life had I lived in atenement house. When I left in the morning it was usuallydark, and it was dark again when I returned in the evening.Sundays I would fix things around the house or we would takea walk. But everybody did that on Sunday and so I really never got the right look at things. And then I started tothink how I could sit always in the sun and see people andgo about just as I pleased and still keefp a roof over my headand get my regular food. You know if one _ wishes to sitin the) sun, he must be master of his time. For instance, todayI'll get the warmest sun rays at about eleven o'clock on mybench on the Square. And later on in the winter I'll have? tocatch it in the noon. I know it from day today just when I'llget my sun. And then I hit on this scheme. I geft the wood fornothing and the paper bags cost me about a cent for a day'ssupply. And then the little work in the morning and my roundto my customers and I have all the day to myself. lam livingin a lodging-house right around the corner on Sixth avenue.I have been living there for a couple of years. I am payinga dime? a night. It is pretty clean and they know me and I amsure they will trust me if I can't pay. I eat one meal in a littlerestaurant nearby. They call it "Dirty Dick's Place," but itisn't dirty, and you get a nice? plate of soup, a piece of meat,some vegetables, coffee, and bread for fifteen cents. Breakfastcosts me! three cents, in Max's—a cup of coffee and three rolls.They serve butter, too, but I prefer my rolls without it. Theconductors of the buses give me the papers left by their pas- sengers and then I sit on the Square and I read. And I look atthe old women and at the babies and I talk to the down-and-outefrsand I am just happy and contented. I feel as if the city wasmine." .It is noon and the sun is shining. It is a crisp, cheery day.Right over there across from my garret he sits in the sun. Heis reading a newspaper. Through the naked trees the sun raysflood him. He surely knows to find his warm shiny spot. We?llcan I imagine? Rockefeller walking up to him without attractinghis attention, standing in front of him and still unobserved,and finally tapping him on the shoulder—why shouldn't Rocke- feller play the Haroun-Al-Raschid on a sunny day on ourSquare?—and speaking to him: "My good man, if you willtell me the thing that you most desire in this world, and ifmoney can buy it it shall be yours," and my old philosopherlike old Diogeftes, answers, "Just step aside please, so the suncan shine upon me." And he would resume reading his paper. This Week's Performance in CharlesEdison's Little Thimble Theatre *THE little journeys to the homes of composers of Americannational music; every Monday and Thursday aftefrnoon,are proving a great success and they will be continued duringthe winter season. The illustrations of thel brief stories of thelives of these men and women who gave us so much andreceived nothing in return but the pleasure to give, on the piano,on the Diamond Disc and by singers, brought their personalityin close contact with their music and in still closer contactwith our hearts. Interesting short visits will be paid in ad- dition to the great master composers of the world. The bi- ographer usually starts with the birth year of his subject, workshimself through the evolution of the man about whom heis writing, and finishes his work with a reproduction of theepigram on the? tombstone. But we are not interested in datesand facts and in criticism. What we want to know is theman himself, that mysterious link between his love songs andhis own love life; we want to s£e him in his family or with hisfriends. We want to set aside discretion and read his mostintimate letters which w£re not destroyed for some reason oranother.Richard Wagner, Schumann, Beethoven, Mozart are on thecalling list for the next weteks.If you are interested, write for a ticket of admission and Mr.Edison will be pleased to put you on his invitation list.Among the American singers who will appear during theevening performances of this week and sing for the first timebefore a New York audiefnce, is Miss Lillian Cook. Miss Cookis a New York girl and has studied with the known Americancomposer, Charles B. Havley. She? is a soprano soloist and aimsto become a concert singer. She will sing in the ThimbleTheatre a selection of songs by American composers as, "AnOpen Secret," by Huntington Woodman, and"The Lanza," byG. W. Chadwick.Adcfie Galva sang last w£ek, Richard Wagner's j "Elsie'sDream," from Lohrengrin, and her interpretation of this bigaria was the best pledge for a promising future in her opefraticcareer. A Story in White By Paul Leclercq PIERROT, in his white bed, dreams of sombrethings.He dreams of Columbine, who is asleep near him; he dreamsof her little slipper, no bigger than a rose-leaf, which seems,before the extinguished hearth, to be waiting sadly for SantaClaus*The pink slipper seems to be waiting before the extinguishedhearth, but poor Pierrot has no other money than the greatwhite flakes gathering slowly on the roofs—money that doesnot pass current, even with the good God.Pierrot thinks, indeed, of borrowing a few golden rays fromthe moon, who is looking at him through the casement, butshe dwells so far, that money-lender of lovers and of Pierrots!The little pink slipper is still waiting; Columbine is asleep."Arise, friend Pierrot, take thy guitar, that old companion,and seek thy fortune on the roofs. The air and the snowwill refresh thy thoughts; they are now as crooked as a crescentmoon." 'And off Pierrot goes, skipping from roof to roof. By the light of the moon Pierrot skips in the snow; thechimney-pots look like great ghosts, but Pierrot is not afraid,by the light of the moon."What are chimney-pots for, unless it be to give refuge tofrozen sparrows, and to offer peep-holes to curious Pierrots?"thinks he, lifting himself up on tiptoe in order to see better.Do you know what Pierrot sees? He sees a little slipperalmost like Columbine's, filled with roses and lilacs.Ah, if thy arm were longer, friend Pierrot!Weary, discouraged, Pierrot rests against a chimney-pot.With his head on his hands, and with tears in his eyes, hethinks ... he thinks . . . But meditation brings nothing tothe unhappy. Who knows if music ....White Pierrot, on the white roof, by the light of the moon,twangs sadly on the guitar.Of a sudden, he feels something warm and soft brushingagainst him. Fortune, perhaps.It was not Fortune, but a big gutter-cat, all black."Oh, the pretty Christmas present for Columbine! • A cat—almost a child!"Pierrot slings his guitar on his shoulder, and carrying thecat in his arms, betakes himself homeward.He reaches the garret fagged out, chilled through, black withsoot; he runs to the hearth, but, alas! Columbine's slipper is nolonger there. The little slipper, no bigger than a rose-leaf,has blown away—Columbine has gone!And, forgotten in a corner, where a few hours before hi*love was sleeping, do you know what he found?A black hat, blacker than his cat, a hat such as is wornneither by Pierrots nor poets.Poor Pierrot, all that thou hast left is a cat, a guitar, anda heart, and thou hast not paid thy rent to that terrible DamePipelet.Fly, Pierrot, fly far from that great Paris where thou hastso much loved, so much suffered; fly towards the silent forests,where thou canst wander like a butterfly.Pierrot, followed by his cat, walks across the country. Whereis he going to? He knows not; he goes straight before him;his stomach is empty, and his white coat is whipped intotatters by the north wind. But Pierrot feels nothing; hemeditates.The hours go by. Pierrot walks, walks on.The sunset falls upon the plains of snow. Over there, faraway, Paris scintillates like the firmament. Pierrot contem- plates, in the silence of solitudes, the city whose lamps arebeing lighted. It seems to him that the little lights studdingits sombre mass reach to the stars to weave him a shroud.The moon arises from behind the clouds; mistress of cere- monies, she also looks at Paris, with her great red face, butshe does not weep.He stands there, scrutinizing the darkened horizon; overthere lies all that he loves; behind that veil is Columbine. Pierrot, in tears, throws a last look at Paris which disappearswitli his memories, and with one hand he wafts it a kiss; thenhe resumes his crazy wanderings, escorted by his cat.No, thou shalt never be loved, Pierrot; love is not capturedby dreams; thy poet's nature is of less use than the pocket- book of the poorest bourgeois.Pierrot walks, walks on._ Towards morning he entered a wood where the songs of thebirds, his brothers, attracted him, and he lay down under abush.While he was sleeping a tomtit perched on his mouth andpecked at it"Thou art loved at last, Pierrot!" thought he, on awaking;"the tomtit kisses thee; she loves thee!""She took thy mouth for a cherry," murmured a sly wood- pecker.Years have gone by; Pierrot is very ill; white Pierrot is onthe point of death.At the foot of a willow-tree, among the grasses and thecorn-flowers, two little tombs lie side by side.On one a few white roses are in flower; it is Columbine's.On the other run wild weeds; it is the Muse's.Pierrot gazes upon both tombs and remembers—remembersthat he has always been ungrateful. He has placed roses uponthe tomb of a faithless one who has broken his heart; hehas wept for a hypocrite who had always mocked him, whilehe had allowed the weeds to mould upon the tomb of theMuse, who alone in the world had never abandoned him.Ah, how he remembered all! He saw his past life in adream, and regretted that he had lived.Pierrot is very ill; white Pierrot is going to die.He lies down among the high grasses on the neglected tombof the Muse, and waits.He waits, before dying, for the moon to light him a lasttime with her rays; he waits for the pale twinkling of thefriendly stars to guide his soul to heaven.The angelus tolls afar, the birds sing, the night falls. Lyingamong the high grasses on_ the tomb, white Pierrotblows a last kiss to Columbine, and falls into everlasting sleep,shrouded in a ray of the; moon. Sadakichi Hartmann A man cannot help that other people do not think htmas great as he considers himself to be.I do not care who admires me as long as 1 admire myself. General Washington, the Patron of Our Square.A Contemporary and Very Scarce Engraving. In Our Village The de Rham Bay Window A young man in a neat little uniform, who seemed to havetaken up the unusual vocation of professional guide to touristson foot to see the sights, the otheY day halted his little com- pany of gaping Western people in front of the Northern ex- tremity of the de Rham mansion, at the northwest corner ofFifth avenue and Ninth street. "That is the house of thehaunted bay window," he pointed out to his credulous hearers,as they gazed at the weird and impenetrable mass of brickmasonry jutting out from the North efnd of the mansion. Justat that moment one of the ominous wooden shutters on thesecond iloor of the bay window, pierced by a solitary port- hole, swung he'avily open. "You see that port hole. In the dayswhen a tribe of Shashonee Indians was encamped over againstGreenwich Village, an Indian chief who was out foragingalone?, was shot down by a gun through that porthole when thehouse was used as a fortress. The little garrison was so terror- strickefn, as soon as they realized the vengeance that would bemeted out to them for slaying this chieftain, that they threw thebody down into that bay window and it has been walled upon the inside ever since. On the anniversary of the Indianchief's death, which was on Hallowefen, host patrols thatgloomy porch which is built around the? five sides of the baywindow."The little man in the uniform was considerably upset over hisMunchausen business being put out of commission when a by- stander who had overheard the whole of this Seeing-New-York twaddle, confronted him in the presence of his whole partyof neophytes with the facts that the de Rham mansion wasnot more than ninety years old and that the interior layout ofthis blind bay window, which has been a subject of curiousspeculation with persons in the neighborhood not acquaintedwith the de? Rham family, is as follows—first floor, mostly bookshelves of a rotunda for the library—second floor, a crudely ap- portioned space for foisting in a servants' staircase and onthe other side of the' board partition, letting light into the hallof this somewhat lugubrious dwelling. The nearest approachto an apparition which has beten seen on the "haunted porch,"was on this Halloween when a New York University studentwho had been celebrating in the role of an Indian chief at anAll Saints' vigil, attempted to patrol the porch of the fatefulbay window, but was blocked in his progress by the sharp ironspikes of the de? Rham stone wall in front, and by the vistadown the avenue, of two patiolmen of much less joyful type, inblue? uniforms and glittering brass buttons! Among Our Aristocrats The defeat of John G. Milburn, Jr., who ran for Assemblymanfrom this district, was a source of regret to many people livingin the Washington Square neighborhood, irrespective of politicalbias. The rise of the Milburn family fortunes points the moralof a success story such as is seldom recorded in WashingtonSquare annals, where? such a large proportion of foremostfamilies have had what they possess mainly through inheritance.The Milburn family, two generations ago, emigrate?d fromEngland to this country in humble circumstances, settling inWestern New York. John G. Milburn, Sr., who in later yearshas be'come an eminent lawyer, fell in love with Patty Stocking,a school teacher in Batavia, the daughter of of a farmer livingnear a little hamlet called York, in the Western part of this stat£.He married her and she proved a valuable? help-mate in en- couraging him in pursuing a course of legal study and beingadmitted to the bar. At the height of Mr. Milburn, Sr's., successas a practising lawyer in Buffalo, the Milburn family was shotinto national prominence by President McKinley's being take?nto their house in Buffalo and dying there. In about the year1904, the? Milburn family removed to this city, John G. Milburn,Sr., living at No. 16 West Tenth street, and his son, John G.Milburn, Jr., the recent candidate for Assemblyman, who isalso a lawyer, lives at No. 35 of the same? street. In the recentcampaign it was remarked by various observers how much of hismother, the former Patty Stocking's teaching ability youngMilburn was the fortunate possessor of, his explanations of thepolitical situations to the less-instructe?d voters being especiallydidactic and helpful. To emphasize the success which hashitherto crowned the well-directed ambitions of the Milburnfamily, DevCreaux Milburn, a noted polo player, the brotherof John G. Milburn, Jr., married about a yea/ ago the rich andfashionable Miss Steele, one of the daughters of a partner of J. Piefrpont Morgan Co. It is hoped that John G. Milburn,Jr., will run for office again—he has the personality and theability. Bruno's Garret Djuna Barnes' Exhibit of war pictures and grotesque drawingsof every-day exaggerations of unique characters will continue tillNovember 15th. On November 17th, sixty-four pen and inksketches and forty color drawings of F. Carlton Waugh willbe tacked to the walls of Bruno's Garret until November 30th.They are Mr. Waugh's conception of the insect life in the plainsand forests of America and on Fifth avenue, New York. Hiswork is not only original in execution and in the use of blackand white, but his groups of low insects and women arestartling and pleasing to the eye.Mary Pyne Kemp is, after a long absence, a frequent visitorto the village. She wrote in the woods of Connecticut, a novelwhich will be published in the near future.Richard Berry devotes in last Sunday's New York TimesMagazine a full page to Amos F. Enos, "one of the last Wash- ington Square millionaires, who died on October 22nd, in hiseighty-second year, leaving a fortune of many millions to publicinstitutions. "The Greenwich House, at 26 Jones street, has founded amusic school with an experienced director and Miss MarionCurtiss as executive secretary. The aim of this school is to pro- vide musical training at the nominal sum of fifty cents per hour.The school is one month old and has registered a large numberof pupils.Frances Gilford, who looks like a twin sister of Clara Tice,finished an interesting series of clothed nudes.D. Molby is on the trail of something quite different frompotato bugs' eyes and hippopotamus tails. It's a Paramecium.He put it under his microscope. Books and Magazines of the Week The least about all the nations who make up the United Statesdo we know about the gypsies living their old adhered-to nomadlife in our midst. Romance and interest is always closelylinked with outcasts and adventurers. The visit to a gypsycamp has attractions which will rarely be overshadowed by thethought that we look upon the'm as pariahs of humanity. Neverwill I forget the late afternoon of a beautiful summer day,far out somewhere near Fort George, when I happened tobump into a gypsy camp for the first time in America. Theywore the same fantastic costumes like in southern Europe;they had the same wagons painte'd with vivid colors, in whichthey lived, the women with big old ear rings and the men,heavy watclr chains and leather belts with brass buttons. The women smoked cherry wood pipes and the men rolled cigarettesand they didn't seem to be at all on the outskirts of America's bigmetropolis. And these people have a language of their own. Avocabulary of the American gypsy language compiled byGeorge F. Blacke, appears in the October issue of theBulletin of the New York Public Library. It is compiled frommanuscripts of the late Albert Thomas Sinclair, of Allston,Massachusetts; the manuscripts are now in the possession ofthe New York Public Library."The vocabulary is the result of inquiries made by Mr. Sinclairamong hundreds of gypsies in the different parts of theUnited States, and is confined strictly to the English-speakingsypsies born in Great Britain or their American descendants.Mr. Sinclair says in one of his manuscripts that no one gypsywas familiar with all the words he had noted, but many ofthem knew nearly all. Most of the younger generation bornin the United States, however, knew very few of them. "The only other vocabulary of American-Romani is thatpublished by Professor Prince in the Journal of the AmericanOriental Society, to which the present list forms a valuablesupplement."The Romani, the language spoken by the American Gypsies ofEnglish descent, is now little more than a broken jargon basedgrammatically on English. The vocabulary, on the other hand,abundantly shows its Indian origin." Poetry, a Magazine of Verse Chicago, the home city of pork and packer millionaires,seems to be the only city in the United States where poetsget not only a dignified hearing but also substantial rewardfor their works. It was in Chicago where the first magazineexclusively devoted to poetry saw the light of the world. Mostfortunately, this magazine did not depend upon the financialsupport of its subscribers and readers, but was endowed byMaecenases so its existence was assured for years to come. Thecurrent issue, just at hand, contains the announcement of theannual award of prizes, in addition to the Levenson Prize of$200, of two guarantors who wish to be nameless, to award poetsthrough the jury of the Poetry magazine, two prizes of $100 and$150, respectively. While the Levenson Prize of $200 must goto a citizen of the United States, the two other prizes wereoffered without a restriction.The jury takes exception to the offering »nd awarding of aprize for the "best poem," "since no jury can pass final judg- ment." The prizes are awarded in the same spirit which artjuries aim at in making the numerous and munificent awards atthe annual exhibition in our large cities: they express theadmiration of fellow-artists for work of superior quality, butthey do not express infallible or irrevocable judgment. Others, A Magazine Of The New Verse A voice from the thicks of New Jersey is this magazine ofour old friend, Alfred Kreymborg. Of course, they are interest- ing—these new poets whom he gives a chance to appear inprint, who are voicing "a new spirit in a new form." Thespirit is not new and the form is just as old.But their enthusiasm is new—always new. And Kreymborg'soffering brings each month a breeze from strange banks. 11lwinds blow from the direction of Ezra Pound in the Novemberissue. But there is Richard Aldington and Helen Hoyt. Invain do I search for Mushrooms of Mr. Kreymborg's owngrowth. Pan A literary revolutionary magazine, whose editor must surelybe an exclusively self-possessed individualist, contains a gooddeal of gossip about German men of letters at present in thetrenches and at the front. The following is the notice ofAlfred Kerr, publisher, editor and owner, of Pan, which hasentered upon the fifth year of its existence."Contributions are not wanted. You may send your manu- scripts after you have given up all your hope! to see themagain. In the most impossible and improbable case of acceptance,I shall notify you by telegraph. I never answer letters. Underthese circumstances, authors are advised to keep their returnstamps. Stamps still forwarded to me, I shall turn over at theend of the year to an institution for the feeble-minded. I amnot an express company." Much Ado Harry Turner, the editor of this new fortnightly in St. Louis,has the exclusive distinction of owning the only magazine in theUnited States which carries a portrait of Shakespeare on itsfront page and a champagne advertisement on its back cover.It did my eyes good to see Veuve Cliquot, even if not on thelabel of the bottle, on the cover of so much esprit as is containedin this new St. Louis literary messenger. Bulletin of the Authors' League of America William Lee Howard, an author relates an interesting storyfrom the? literary free market of New York in which hefigures as seller and two magazine editors as Tmyers."I received in one mail two orders for copy. One was from the editorof a popular fifteen-cent magazine, the other from a thirty-five or twenty- five center.The editor of the fifteen center wrote:"I want about 5,000 words in your usual style. Don't forget that themass of readers in the United States are motormen, shop girls—all thatkind. You know what I mean.Yours ."The editor of the high-priced monthly wrote:"About 5,000 words, but use your own judgment. You know our classof readers. Avoid any mention of sex in any form no matter how vitalit may be to health. Yours —Poor, dear, misunderstood public of America! Bulletin of the Metropolitan Museum of Art The greater part of the November issue is devoted to thework of the Egyptian Expedition of 1914-1915. The illustrations are the four panels of an altar piece byBenozzo Gozzoli and which have been lately acquired by thtfmuseum They are being shown in the room of Recent Acces- sions."They were painted for the chapel of the Alessandri family in thechurch of San Pier Maggiore in Florence and remained in that placeuntil a portion of the building collapsed in 1784 and the church was con- sequently abandoned, when they were removed to the place of theAlessandri in the neighboring Borgo degli Albizzi. Here they stayeduntil the time of their purchase by the Museum." Edna W. Underwood's "White Peacocks" An excursion into the land of ancient fairies and beautyMrs. Underwood made, and brought back with her a slendervolume of sonnets which she calls "White? Peacocks." Theyare printed privately and the peacock on the front cover isnot white, but black. The Poetry Journal The wonders of its own future birth are described in theOctober issue of this magazine by H. T. Pulsiver, in a poem"To An Unborn Child."Another poem is Edward Ramos', "Touch Me Not Unclean."Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff writes about the taste of truepoetry. Poets' Translation Series Few in these days of war are the magazines devoted exclusivelyto poetry, art or literature coming from England to our shores.There is solely the "Egoist" which brings the only good and im- partial, really critical review of things continental to America.The third number of the Poets' Translation Series has justcome off the press: "Choruses from Iphigeneia in Aulis," tran- slated by H .D. (Mrs. Richard Aldington)."A literal word for word version of so well-known an author asEuripides would be useless and supererogatory; a rhymed, languidly-Swinburnian verse form is an insult and a barbarism. It seemed,therefore, that the rhymeless hard rhythms used in the present versionwould be most likely to keep the sharp edges and irregular cadence ofthe original."The fable of the play is, of course, the story of the sacrificeof Iphigeneia, daughter of Agamemnon, to placate Artemis and to alowthe fleet of the Greeks to reach Troy." A New American Violin Mr. Edison takes great interest in the invention of Mr.Frank M. Ashley—a violin which, as its inventor claims, is,after having been played upon for a few days, as free andbeautiful in tone as those rare old instruments constructed bythe Italian masters. Mr. Ashley had a chance last weekto play upon his violin before the audience of the Little ThimbleTheatre.This new violin is made by bending the top and bottomplates to the required shape to form the arching, the sides andends of the instrument being curved so that the edge of theplates can be bent to conform to this curvature and held inposition to the side frame. By this construction, the long fiber of the wood is maintained unbroken, thus lending to the in- strument when new a richness of tone and freedom not hereto- fore known in new violins. Cats' Face Baths By D. Molby WHENEVER a cat is ready to sit down for a while he wantsto make sure that his face is clean. The only way hecan tell is to work his tongue around until he has a little moisturein his mouth and moisten his paw and rub it around over hisface. When he licks it again he can tell by the taste whetherhe has got off any dirt. He keeps on putting moisture on hispaw and rubbing it on his face until the taste is the same afterevery rub and he knows that there isn't any more dirt comingoff.All of this dirt that he can get off he probably swallows,because he doesn't spit it out. He? doesn't mind getting thedirt in his mouth, because it is his own dirt. And he doesn'tthink anything about his face being spit-washed, for it is withhis own spit. He will let another cat lick his back, but nothis face—unless he is a small cat and it is his mother that isdoing it.When he has washed as well as he can and has used up all hisspit, he fe'els brighter and looks brighter, because he has theconsciousness that he is clean. He doesn't think about thedirt that is in his ears, and even if he should, he is out ofspit. And so long as he isn't aware of the dirt there, hisconsciousness is just as good as though he waited until hecould make more spit and made a lot more and washed themclean. Richard Wagner—Egoist By Guido Bruno It was a cold December afternoon. Wagner had receiveda ticket admitting him to one of the famous Gewandhaus Con- certs. The music between the acts in the! theatre was treatedrather as "dinner music" and the concert gave Wagner for thefirst time in his life the chance to listen to music played byskillful musicians in a dignified way.There he heard Beethoven's Ninth Symphony.It was like a revelation.It forced open in him the flood-gates of a torrent of emotion.A new world dawned upon him. Music that had hitherto laindormant suddenly awakened into a vigorous existence."I will be a musician," was the decision of his future career.He started the theoretical study of music with all the con- scientiousness and vigor so characteristic of him. Beethovenwas his daily companion. He was carefully storing up all thegrand thoughts of the great master but his fiery enthusiasm had not come as yet to that burning point where it would enlightenhis own latent powers. His acquaintance with the scores ofBeethoven has never been equaled. It was extraordinary. Heknew them so well by heart that he could play all movementson the piano with his awkward fingers.And so Beethoven gave the world one of its greatest com- posers.And Beethoven's Ninth Symphony created another importantturning point in Wagner's life.The master's master symphony was responsible for the crea- tion of the national German opera.Paris in the middle of the last century was for Europe whatNew York is today for the United States. Paris was the head- quarters of the celebrated theatrical producers. In the GrandeOpera were created the spectacular plays and the ballet, whichfound their way to the royal stages of the German states.Paris was the Dorado of the ambitious poet and young musi- cian. To have been in Paris was necessary to gain recognitionin Europe. To have had plays produced in Paris meant readyacceptance by the managers of German theatres.Wagner had been fascinated by the successes of Meyerbeerwhose works he felt were inferior to the two acts of The Rienziwhich he had composed. He went to Paris.His young wife and his dog accompanied him. He earned hisliving in re-writing orchestra scores for a publisher and writingarticles and criticisms for newspapers and periodicals. But hedidn't earn enough to sustain himself in comfort. It was apitiful struggle and a miserable life—these! three years in Paris.There came a day—the great turning point in Wagner's life.The rent for his furnished room was due. Credit was exhaustedand he and his wife had not had sufficient food for three days.He went to the office of the publisher for whom he worked. Heasked for a small loan. He not only got the money and morethan he asked but also an offer which dazed him at first. Themanager of a Paris theatre had purchased one, as he thought,very promising libretto. He wanted some music written—somepiquant, light, suggestive music,—just the kind Wagner despised.And the publisher offered Wagner a large amount for writingthis music. There was not only the chance of earning somemoney but to gain entrance to the circle of successful managers,poets and musicians. Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, Situatedat No.lOFifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N.Y.C.Guid* Bruno, Manager.This Week's Performances and ConcertsMonday,3 p. m.Wednesday, 2:14 p. m.Thursday,Friday,3 p. m.8:15 p. m.8:15 p. m.Saturday, 2:00 p. ra.8:15 p. m.A little Pilgrimage to the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.A little Pilgrimage of the homeand workshop of StephenCollins Foster.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Children's Hour and Disc Concerton the Square.Performance at the Little ThimbleTheatre.Ask or write for ticket of admission to TheLittle Thimble Theatre performances. Theyare free of charge.Who Wrote Our National Home Songs?"Way Down upon the Swane«River," "My Old Kentucky Home,""Old Folks at Home." Do youknow that they were created andwritten by Stephen Collins Foster?In a Dingy Bowery Grocery Store?Come to the Matinee on Monday or Thursday at 3 P. M.