The mask 3 1 2 3 July 1910 naau_1910-07_01 The mask 3 1 2 3 Untitled Image Illustration 1 LITERARY CONTENTS. 2 ILLUSTRATIONS. 2 KINO EDWARD VII. Born November 9 1841: Died May 6 1910. 4 AND HIS DEVICE A WREATH OF CHIVALRY THE WORD, ME POMPAE PROVEXIT APEX. Shakespeare. "Pericles". Illustration 4 THE REREDOSES AND THE THEATRE OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY Johnny Roosval cre 5-9 Untitled Image Illustration 5 A FRAGMENT FROM THE MEMOIRS OF Mile: HIPPOLYTE CLAIRON. Translated by George Harrison cre 9 Untitled Image Illustration 9 THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRIS DANCE Francis Douce cre 10-18 Untitled Image Illustration 10 Untitled Image Illustration 16 Untitled Image Illustration 18 A MANAGERIAL TRICK. Memoirs of Mdlle. George. Edited by Paul Cheramy cre 18 STAGE SCENERY G. C cre 19 Untitled Image Illustration 19 LADIES, TEMPERAMENT AND DISCIPLINE. E. E cre 21-22 AFTER YOU'VE FINISHED WITH IT, John Balance cre 22-24 Untitled Image Illustration 22 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS E. W. Godwin. F. R. S cre 24-27; 29 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 25 Untitled Image Illustration 26 A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. JULIUS OLIVER. Illustration 27 THE EXQUISITE AND THE PRECIOUS Gordon Craig cre 29 Untitled Image Illustration 29 THE GENEALOGY OF PULCINELLA Miche1e Scherillo cre 30-37 Untitled Image Illustration 30 THEATRICAL REFORM Gordon Craig cre 37-38 Untitled Image Illustration 38 THREE STAGE CHARACTERS Gilbert à Becket cre 39-41; 43 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 41 Untitled Image Illustration 43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 THE THEATRE 44-45 IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp; ENGLAND &amp; A Series of Letters from Gordon Craig. Letter three. GORDON CRAIG cre 44-45 Untitled Image Illustration 44 Untitled Image Illustration 45 BOOK REVIEWS 46-49 Untitled Image Illustration 46 LANDMARKS IN RUSSIAN 46-47 THE PLAYGOER AND SOCIETY. 6d 47-48 THE BANG. Weekly. 5 cents. 48-49 / 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 FOREIGN NOTES 50-52 Untitled Image Illustration 50 PARIS J. de S cre 50 LONDON G. H cre 50 COPENHAGEN. O. R cre 50-51 MOSCOW 51-52 LONDON. 52 EDITORIAL NOTES 52-61 Untitled Image Illustration 52 we said in our last number, we reserved J. S cre 52-61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 2 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 66 Vol. 3 N.° 1-3 JULY &amp; i 9 i o THE MASKA QUARTERLY JOURNAL OFTHE ART OF THE THEATRE ARENA QOLDONIFLORENCEITALY YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FIFTEEN SHILLINGS, POST FREE. SUPER-ALTARS&amp; THE THEATRE. SUPER ALTARS&amp; THE THEATRE. SUPER - ALTARS&amp; THE THEATRE. SUPER "ALTARS&amp; THE THEATRE. THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; THE MORRISDANCE. j£&gt; THE MORRISDANCE. THE MORRISDANCE, &amp; THE MORRISDANCE* J&amp; THE MORRISDANCE. THE MORRISDANCE. THE MORRISDANCE. &amp; LADIES,TEMPERAMENT&amp; DISCIPLINE. AFTER YOU 'VEFINISHED WITHIT. j&amp; AFTER YOU'VE FINISHED WITH IT. &amp; &amp; ALL'S WELLTHAT END'SWELL. &amp; ALL'S WELLTHAT END'SWELL. &amp; &amp; ALL'S WELLTHAT END'SWELL. PULCINELL A. PULCINELLA. PULCINELLA. PULCINELLA. PULCINELLA. PULCINELLA. PULCINELLA. THEATRICALREFORM. THREE STAGECHARACTERS. The MimicI9 l 0 THREE STAGECHARACTERS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED &amp; jg? Gerente Responsabile, GIULIO VANZ1 SUPPLEMENT TO "THE MASK" JULY IQIO.Mr_ F R O H M A TV' S F/ P/?QPQS^L.Jt seems that we have been unwittingly doing Mr Frohman an injustice, and, no spaceremaining in the journal itself, hasten to make amends upon an extra and coloured page.We had considered Mr Frohman a man of many words and no achievement; for amongworkers in the theatre, we reckon as achievement only that which advances in some degreethe theatre's art. But now it seems that he is really in earnest in his desire to advancethe art about which he talks so much, for, through the columns of the Daily Mail of June5th he has made a statement which does him great credit.&amp; "1 WANT," he says, "TO DO FOR THE THEATRE IN ENGLAND WHAT THE DAILYMAIL HAS DONE FOR AIRMANSHIP. NATURALLY IT WILL COST MONEY ".&amp; Now we all know what the Daily Mali is doing and has done for airmanship. It hasgiven an incalculable Impetus to the development of flying machines, quickened the energiesand fired the courage of flying men not only in England but all over Europe, and facilitatedtheir studies. And it has cost the Daily Alall more than L. 10,000.0.0 and Will cost ItL. 20,000.0.0. And we know what the result has been ; the flight of the Channel, the flightfrom London to Manchester; one obstacle after another surmounted, one great feat afteranother achieved.JSr And the system ? Prizes. Anybody could compete, and the best man had to win. Condi®lions not impossible.&amp; It was a fine thing which the Daily Afail did ; and now we hear that Mr Frohmanproposes to follow the same method with regard to the theatre, and we can understandthat all the European artists of the theatre are awaiting with keen interest the publicationof details as to the kind of task to be accomplished and the prize to be awarded. By offe®ring a large sum of money, (which is obviously his intention as he compares his purposewith that of the Daily Alail), Mr Frohman will be affording the best man in the Europeantheatre the means of continuing his studies and experiments for the future of the theatrewithout hindrance, and he will thus be rendering a very valuable service to the st ige. &amp;We hope before the issue of our next number to have full details of Mr Froiiman'sscheme for our readers. &lt;£? jg?\ S FKFTIFKC^TOM.Chinee this was set up in type a letter has appeared in the Daily Mail from Mr Frohmanin which he announces that he has not got L. 10,000.0.0 and is therefore unable to makegood his own words. &amp;&amp;if the Daily MaiPs report Is correct,... and Mr Frohman has not contradicted it,.. .his words were, " I want to do for the theatre in England what the Daily Mail has done"for airmanship. NATURALLY IT WILL COST MONEY".Now when a man of Mr Frohman's capacity makes such an announcement in the DailyMail the public Is forced to believe that he has behind him the L. 10,000.0.0 with whichto do what the Daily Mai! has done for airmanship. What are we to think then whenthe m3n who makes the proposition afterwards writes to the same paper to say that hehas not got the money with which to substantiate his declaration?jg/ He even, in his letter, (which was written in answer to one from Mr Gordon Craigasking further details of the scheme,) ignores the fact that the suggestion was his at all.With amazing modesty he credits Mr Craig with it instead, saying " I am most eager tocomply with the fine suggestion made by Mr Crafg with reference to the Daily Mail air®manship prize", in justice ,to Mr Frohman we here state that the suggestion was Mr Froh®man's and was not Mr Craig's. Looking back to the original "Interview" It seems to usthe cheapest way of advertising we have ever come across. if every Tom, IXck and Charley may lightly make use of this expression of " doing whatthe Daily Mail has done for airmanship " and then write letters to excuse himself it seems yto us to be belittling the action of the Daily Mail; and when Mr Frohman does this he istrying to dignify his own little commercial enterprises by comparisons with actions greaterthan he Is able to rise to. This is lowering the theatre of England. &amp;Is that what Mr Frohman wishes to do? rr.*. ttiwiMitu.i'-.ir.mavM „-;Ti» fMfmrmmrmenmm-mrmtiTHE MASK OFFICES. ARENA GOLD ONI FLORENCE. ITALY. &amp;•!JB HMHHBhTHE MASKQUARTERLY JOURNAL OF THEART OF THE THEATRE^WHY YOU SHOULD SUBSCRIBE TO THE MASK&lt;&amp; BECAUSE IT IS THE SUREST WAY TO RECEIVE IT REGULARLY, AND IT IS WORTHWHILE TO RECEIVE IT REGULARLY BECAUSE: (1) It Is 44 A very amusing and stimulating, as well as a most beautiful magazine £?THE DAILY TELEGRAPH.(2) 44 There is not a page in it which is not interesting and stimulating in a fine way. "PALL MALL GAZETTE.(3) It is 41 A quite remarkable magazine, rich in intelligence. " WESTMINSTER GAZETTE.(4) It is 44 The most beautiful magazine published. " &amp; j&amp; THE NEW AGE.(5) 44 By the delicacy of its format, the pleasantness and dignity of its types, the carefulexcellence with which its illustrations have been reproduced, the character of the illustra- tions themselves, and the curious distinction and sincerity of its literary contents, itseems to prove that the artistic centre of Europe has once again shifted to Italy."LIVERPOOL COURIER.(6) It has 44 The rare attraction of abundant intellectual activity with aesthetic charm. Its44 freedom, its courage, its fecundity of ideas, its emphasis of vital potentialities in the44 theatre, its ample horizon which aims to review the centuries as well as the seasons oftheatrical art, its earnest search for rational criteria, its championship of the poetic and44 creative in its own field,... these unusual qualities differentiate The Mask from that large44 class of art journals which are mere catalogues and tend to give it a perennial rather44 than a momentary appeal. 0 £? Mr PERCY MACKAYE.(7) It is 44 A vital review, the independence and intelligence of which is a rare comfort inthese days. &amp; Mr WILLIAM ROTHENSTEIN.HOW TO SUBSCRIBE TO THE MASK. &amp;&amp; Write your name and address on a post card and send it to us today; and then todayor tomorrow or next week, or when we remind you, send the amount named belowaccording to the country in which you live. &amp;Cheques and postal orders should be made payable to the Proprietor of The Mask.In countries where paper money is in use this may be enclosed in a registered letter.YEARLY England, 15 Shillings America, 4 Dollars Russia, 8 Roubles POSTSUBSCRIPTION Germany, 15 Marks Italy, 15 Lire, France, 20 Francs. FREETHE MASK OFFICES, ARENA GOLDONI, FLORENCE. &amp; Printed for the Proprietor by Tipografia R* Lastrocci, Via dei Serragli, 104 Florence and published at The Office «f " The MaskArena Qoldoni LITERARY CONTENTS. THE REREDOSES AND THE THEATRE OF THE FIFTEENTH CENTURY by JOHNNY ROOSVAL.&amp; A FRAGMENT FROM THE MEMOIRS OF MLLE. H1PPOLYTE CLAIRON. (1723-1803)TRANSLATED by GEORGE HARRISON. uS&gt; THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRIS DANCE byFRANCIS DOUCE. 1808. CONCLUDED. 0 A MANAGERIAL TRICK, FROM THE MEMOIRS OFMLLE. GEORGE. LADIES, TEMPERAMENT AND DISCIPLINE by E. E. AFTER YOU'VEFINISHED WITH IT by JOHN BALANCE. 0 THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUME OFSHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by E. W. GODWIN, JS/ THE EXQUISITE AND THE PRECIOUS byGORDON CRAIG. &amp; THE GENEALOGY OF PULCINELLA by Dr MICHELE SCHERILLO.THEATRICAL REFORM by GORDON CRAIG. THREE STAGE CHARACTERS by GILBERTa BECKET. A LETTER ON THE RUSSIAN THEATRE from GORDON CRAIG. BOOKREVIEWS. &amp; FOREIGN NOTES. 0 EDITORIAL NOTES. £/ &lt;0 £? £? ILLUSTRATIONS. " A WREATH OF CHIVALRY IN MEMORY OF KING EDWARD VII. 0 DESIGNS OF MORRISDANCERS. A DESIGN FOR A SCENE REPRODUCED FROM A 16th. CENTURY WOODENGRAVING. uS&gt; A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE by JULIUS OLIVER. &amp; THE STAGESEAMAN AND THE STAGE LADIES' MAID: THREE DESIGNS by GEORGE CRUICKSHANK.&amp; INITIAL LETTERS, HEAD AND TAIL PIECES by E. THESLEFF, CHARLES BORROWAND OTHERS. KINO EDWARD VII.Born November 9 1841: Died May 6 1910. AND HIS DEVICE A WREATH OF CHIVALRYTHE WORD, ME POMPAE PROVEXIT APEX.Shakespeare. "Pericles". THE REREDOSESAND THE THEATREOF THE FIFTEENTHCENTURY by Johnny Roosval. (I) j once heard a clergyman, a cultivated man of artistic tastes, express his great contemptfor the altar screen of his church. He objected to having above the altar 44 such a doll'scupboard ", and similar judgements have surely caused many ancient works of art to bedisplaced, nay, have often banished them to the darkness and damp of the belfry, doomedto wretchedness and destruction but for the merciful intervention of some museum. &amp;The above judgement may be easily explained. To a person accustomed only to thealtar pieces of later times, and not sufficiently broad-minded to understand uncommonforms of art such as this, the super-altars, with their many little compartments and figuresmay appear as mere trifles. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;Yet if he realise that this work does not stand close to him as it seems to do, butis, in fact, separated from him by four hundred years, it strikes him that these triflesare not really trifles but only diminished by the perspective. But we must feel the atmo- sphere of the fifteenth century like a mist surrounding the old reredos. This atmosphere oftime will then act like a lens, which, to the eye, gives to distant objects proportionsapproaching to their right size. We shall obtain this 44 air of age " from that peculiarvessel, which is said to be the best depositary of the mind and volition of each epoch andwhich is called its Theatre.&amp; The Theatre of the Middle Ages was something very precious and profoundly solemn.Not even during its most glorious period did regular performances occcur every night.They took place very seldom, and then as a great popular and united enterprise which oneis tempted to compare with a crusade or a war. I here refer especially to the serious dramawith subjects taken from Holy Scripture. This originated with the church and was longespecially cherished by the priesthood, for its influence on the souls of the people wasvery great.£/ A landgrave, Frederic the Bold of Thuringen, saw at Eisenach a play representing theWise and the Foolish Virgins. The drama still exists, and it ends with the happy entranceof the wise lamp-bearers into heaven, while the foolish, in spite of the blessed Virgin'sentreaties to Christ, are, at his command, fetched by cruel devils and dragged down toHell in the midst of intolerable moans. As not even Mary's entreaties were of any avail,the landgrave cried out, 44 What then is Christian faith? Will the Lord not help us evenat bis mother's prayersl " Whereupon he went to Wartburg and lay there senseless forfive days, had an apoplectic fit, remained in bed during three days and then died.But the Mystery plays provided more than the horrible. They gave the spectators every- /thing that is demanded by the population of a great city and that is included in theword 44 sensation ". Splendour, life, motion, luxury, ferocity, sacrifice, all on a vast scale;and thereby a complete relief from everyday life was obtained. A city which was to be re- galed with a great Mystery play wss entirely disorganised. There still exists a proclamationissued by the Magistrates of some French town on an occasion of the kind, forbiddinganybody to " allow himself the audacity " of exercising his trade during the days of theperformance.&amp; The drama often consisted of as many as ten thousand verses, and a whole week wasneeded for its performance. A special building for the theatre was erected, surrounded bystalls, shops and various kinds of side-shows, and it is reported that Musicians played inthe town both day and night to amuse the inhabitants during the whole time the playwas going on. &amp; &amp;&amp; The performers, proud as cocks of their work, were sometimes rewarded, if they werepretty boys and girls, in a romantic manner: (reminding us of the romantic episodes ofthe modern theatrical annals). jg? jg? &amp;&amp; A handsome barber's apprentice, who took the part of St Barbara, was considered sopathetic in representing the sufferings of the poor saint "that many persons wept, andeverybody, whether knight, priest or layman, wished to take the boy into his house tofeed and educate him. " A rich widow wanted to adopt him; but a canon sent him toParis to study, which was very convenient for the boy whose voice was just cracking, andwho would consequently not have been able to take female parts with the same success.1he young Figaro succeeded well in the path of his studies, becoming both " master ofarts" and canon. &amp;&gt;&lt;&amp;&amp;&amp; jg? jg?A stage such as the one on which he and his colleagues, in the golden age of theMysteries of 1450-1550, used to appear, was generally a platform, in front of which thespectators' places were arranged as in an amphitheatre. The platform was at least twiceas long as a modern stage, and was often supplied as background with a building such asa church. &amp; Why was the stage such a length? Because the drama was acted in many different placesand all the places were arranged in a row, side by side, like little houses with their frontwalls removed. This long stage was never hidden by a curtain. One might compare thecompartments to the different sections of a modern Turntable stage, but placed in astraight line instead of being grouped in a circle. Two spaces were ever the same andwere placed as a rule at the extreme left and the extreme right, as A and Z, Paradise andHell.A great deal of fine workmanship was bestowed upon the former. Sweet, soft music behindbeautiful draperies and mysterious apparatuses for the flight of the angels gave a strikingimpression of celestial bliss. The lower regions of Hell, which could be opened whennecessary, were filled with naked mannikins who were tortured with the most fantasticinstruments by the devils. The entrance to Hell took the form of the jaws of a greatmonster. Between Heaven and Hell were the different places that might be needed in thedrama, such as Jerusalem, Bethlehem, Golgatha, etc. The action thus wandered from placeto place, the actors all being upon the stage, seated in their little houses and waiting fortheir cue... an arrangement similar to that of the small cafe-chantants of our days, whereall the performers are seated on chairs against the wall of the stage and one by one stepforward to fulfil their parts.The most popular of the Mysteries were taken from the story of the Passion and con- tained everything that the religious mind could desire, and a great deal, too, of externalsensation. Christ hung sufficiently realistically from the cross to cost the actor his life; fromthe suspended Judas real entrails gushed out in conformity with the scriptures; indeed, thetheatrical mechanism was by no means to be despised. Laughter, too, sometimes affordedrelief after the terrors, as when St John and St Peter raced each other to the sepulchre andthe holy women stood bargaining for the embalming ingredients with a Jewish apothecary,and when the latter fought with his wife. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&lt;£* The Passion Play was generally staged with great pomp and circumstance. Old scribesin solemn oriental garments glided by, Roman soldiers in glittering armour marched onreproducing'as closely as possible those of antiquity; tumultuous crowd-effects were producedat Golgatha or Jerusalem, creating a hubbub that doubtless found a ready echo among thethousands of spectators. j® Literary historians have been able to draw a picture of the Mystery-Stage, partly fromthe stage directions of the texts and other written sources, all more or less clear, andpartly from contemporary pictures of similar scenes. The best known of these is a sketchof a Passion Play M. S. of 1547 mentioned by Eugdne Lentilhac in " Le Theatre s£rieux auMoyen Age ", from which many of these statements are taken. However, other] arrange- ments were doubtless in use similar to those described above. Thus, a scene is representedin miniature by Jean Fouquet, illustrating the martyrdom of St Apollonia in which tenlittle houses in two stories open upon a semi-circular head scene. This miniature is re- produced in the " Oeuvre de Jean Fouquet " published in Paris in 1869, (1).... Fouquetunderstanding stage technique, having himself painted decorations for the theatre. j®j® If the miniature of Fouquet is, is it were, a documental copy of a Mystery-scene thereare other pictures which reproduce scenes although less as direct copies and in a moreartistic form. I will mention only one of these pictures; Memling's " The Sufferings ofChrist " in Turin, recently described by Emile M&amp;Ie, the great French conoisseur of mediaevalart, as a kind of reproduction of the Mystery Play. j® j® j® j® j®All the horrors of the story of the Passion are reproduced in this picture which, onemetre long, represents a town. Outside a gate Oethsemene scenes are going on. In thestreets of the city the captured Christ is led from Herod to Pilate, from Pilate to Qolgatha,and everything that happens in the different places is seen through a large hole in thefront-wall. Outside another gate the procession winds upwards to Qolgatha, which loomsin the background. Another work by Memling, " The Joys of the Madonna " in the Pinako- tek at Munich, reproduces quite as obviously, and with analogical paraphrases, a mediaevaltheatre scene. j® It is , however, not only in the art of painting that one gathers hints of the MysteryPlay. In the polychrome sculptures collected into niche groups in the great altar screenswe find even more pronounced evidence. &amp; u® j® j® j® j® j®j® The altar screens are the special product of Northern Europe. Their ordinary form is wellknown to Swedish readers, for the historical Museum of Stockholm possesses one of thelargest collections of them in the world, j® j® j® j® j®j® We will now consider separately a group of such screens or reredoses; those, namely, whichshow scenes containing many dramatic figures and narrating some story. The golden ageof these screens dates from the middle of the fifteenth century to 1540 and they were executedchiefly at Brussels and Antwerp. Such things were manufactured according to the rules ofthe Guilds, screens being carved by cabinet makers, figures by sculptors, and the gildingand painting of figures and frame-work executed by painters. j® j® j®j® In the Museum of Applied Art at Brussels some beautiful specimens have been collected.j® Few, on the whole, have retained their original places in the churches, having beendisplaced by the Iconoclasts of the sixteenth century or by later Art-schools; but in thecountries to which the Netherlands exported productions from their workshops,.... Spain,the Rhineland and the Baltic coast of Germany and Sweden,.... there still remain many ofthem. The prettiest Netherlandish altar-screens in our country (Sweden) are, as a rule, thosemade by the eminent wood-carver Jan Borman of Brussels, who worked between 1490 and1520, or later. In Sweden, too, they undoubtedly made altar screens during the fourteenthcentury, (Gotland) and later on during the fifteenth and the beginning of the sixteenth.The works of Swedish carvers, such as St Olaf's screen at VHrrndd Church by one MasterLars the carver, the St Mary screen by Hakon Gulleson at Enganger, the workmanship ofthe Sudermannish " joiners " In the church museum at StrengnSs, are often very simple inin construction, consisting of a screen, forming a niche for a statue representing somesaint. The opening is sometimes closed by doors on which is painted the legend of the saint,such being called " Saint's Screens In more elaborated forms the screen is divided intoseveral niches, of which the middle one contains the scene at Qolgatha or some other figurescene with images of saints and apostles arranged in those around. This type, or somethingakin to it was often made by Swedish artists, but was also imported from Lubeck andother North German places. s®j®j®j®j®&lt;®j&amp;j® The Swedish and German productions are, however, far surpassed by the more elaborateworks which we have already mentioned as imported from Brussels and Antwerp. Withtheir stately proportions and the lavishness of the gilding on every part of the frameworkand on the garments of the figures, they give an intense glowing effect, and, in the oldchurches, where lights were scant in the nave yet concentrated in front of the altar, theeffect of this light upon figures and framework must have been quite fascinating. &amp;&amp; An illumination of this kind, (well adapted for the altar screen) is never seen nowadays,for in the system of illuminating our churches we have rather chosen for model the di- ning saloons of great hotels, and the idea of lighting our art museums is like that of theoperating theatre of a hospital. &amp; &amp;&amp; But we must not only consider the Netherlandish reredoses in and for themselves. Wemust draw attention to that echo of the pulsating life of their own age which they yet cangive.&amp; We have spoken of the Mystery Plays of the closing Middle Ages. The dramatic altarscreens give us the very image of these. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Look at one of them, the doors in front taken away and one niche-group after anotherin a row like little houses:.... first the entrance to Jerusalem, then the Lord's Supper, theTribunal of Pilate, the Cross Bearing, the Crucifixion, etc, and it is undeniable that wehave before us an uncommonly true image of the Mystery Scene. That the proportions arereduced in size and the architecture of the little buildings more detailed is a matter of course.&amp; That the above is true, not only of the subjects and types but also of the costumes hasnot been proved in all particulars but it seems to me quite clear that, in certain cases,such relationship must have existed. On the stage, as in painting, they sought after faith- fulness to the age in a somewhat higher degree than is nowadays supposed. One is accus- tomed to assume that the fifteenth century dressed the sacred stories in none but thecostume of its own age. This doubtless was so, to a certain extent, although a prominentfeature is the historical character introduced. Christ and the Apostles wear the same kindof semi-antique mantles during the whole of the Middle Ages. Soldiers use armour withRoman details, certainly not entirely accurate, but through which one can trace a wish torepresent the real costume of the age of Christ's nativity. Scribes and other persons wearturbans and other Oriental attributes like the Orientals described in the Travel-books ofthe age, such as Breydenbach's " Journey to Jerusalem. " &amp;That the theatre had this same aim is clear from the play Manuscripts, and it is evi- dent that the two different attempts made through different mediums have led to similarresults.&amp; Yet it must be admitted that the theatre could hardly have used gold cloth to the sameextent as gilding was used in the altar screen,.... for a purely artistic reason of course, asthe effect of the gold was thus increased and the danger avoided of making the otherwiserealistically represented figures look like dressed-out figures of wax. &amp;How strikingly alike the altar screens and the contemporary scenic arrangements wereis proved by a series of sketches for tableaux, ordered for the entrance of Queen Joan intoBrussels in 1496. They still exist in the " Kupferstichkabinett " of Berlin, have not beenpreviously published and seem to be the stage manager's sketches for the said entrance.The text first sets forth the order of the procession and then follows the disposition ofthe tableaux.&amp; The stage, which was built on trestles, could, if necessary, be closed with curtains, andwas adorned with torches and mirrors. There appeared Judith and Holofernes, Raphaelfighting with the devil, Asmodeus, Esther and Ahasuarus and scenes in which famous womenfrom the Bible or history took part. Sketches in water-colour show the arrangement of eachparticular scene. Many of these are arranged three by three, when consecutive subjectsare required, and these remind us strikingly of the altar screens, the draperies of the theatrerepresenting the gilded framework of the reredos, and the open bows or arches above thewhole framing each one round burning-mirror, while along the bows are fastened tapersand torches.Another question is, which inspired the other, theatre or altar screen? It is a problemsomewhat difficult to solve, and which must probably be solved afresh in every individual case. This however is not the place to deal with this matter. What we want to point outis, that there exists a close connection between the dramatic altar screen and the MysteryPlay.This kind of theatre of the north European public during the Renaissance period,.... atheatre like a many=toned instrument for the interpretation of sentiments of piety andworldliness, calm and turbulence, splendour, life, love, hatred, pathos and humour, is plainlycrystallised in the altar screens.&amp; I think that he who perceives this historical connection will no longer speak of thesereredoses of Jan Borman as " dolls' cupboards ". Surely not. And perhaps some day thishistorical interest may carry us so far as to adopt a truer, more artistic way of consideringthings; perhaps the day will come when we shall give up competing with the restaurantsin illuminating our churches and devote ourselves to the favouring of works of art as wellas to the practical lighting of hymn=books, and when museums will take the same interestin setting a mediaeval work in the right light as they usually do in the case of renais°sance or later pictures.This seems to be a simple demand,.... but there is, so far as we can see, very little hopeof its being granted. &amp; 44 Doll'scupboards." &amp; The Theatre. The Mysteries. The performers. The stage. &amp; Passion Plays. &amp; Jean Fouquet j® Dramaticscreens. j® Saint's Screens Costume. JS&gt; A strikinglikeness. &amp; jg? A question. (1) The author, whose writings are so well known in Sweden, asks us to note that in the following pages he sets forth his researchesrelating to the 15th century Altar Screens in a more popular form than would hare been the case had his studies been confined to theArt of the Theatre alone. Ed.(2) Sckerr, Deutsche Litteraburgeschichte. (1) Dr Karl Mantzius, in big " History of Theatrical Art" Vol: II pg 65 mentions this and reproduces the miniature. A FRAGMENT FROM THE MEMOIRS OFMile: HIPPOLYTE CLAIRON. Translated by George Harrison. (17 23-1803) Jt is to be desired that all actors possess at least a slight knowledge of drawing; theywould then feel more easily the importance of the ensemble of the whole of a figure; the picturesque, always necessary in the theatre, would be easier found by them, both for theirattitudes and for their clothes. In 44 les pieces a spectacle " the groups, the masses, whichmust always make a picture, and bring out the principal personnages, would be disposedmore skilfully and in a more spirited manner; but for want of this knowledge I invitecomedians to consult at least famous painters and sculptors.CLOTHING. I demand of all women in general the most scrupulous attention to theirclothes: the costume adds much to the illusion of tne spectators, and the comedian entersmore easily into the tone of his role: nevertheless, the costume followed exactly Is unfeasible:it would be unseemly and mean. Draperies copied from the antique design and uncoverthe body too much; they are suitable only for statues and pictures; but in adding to themwhat is wanting, the cut must be preserved, the intentions must at least be indicated, and,as far as possible, the luxury or simplicity of the times and places must be followed. Fillets,flowers, beads, veils, coloured stones, were the only ornaments women knew before theestablishment of Indian commerce and the conquest of the New World. &amp; &amp;What I desire above all is, that all frills and furbelows, all fashions of the moment beavoided. The coiffure of French women at the moment I am writing, the monstrous pileand arrangement of their hair, gives to their whole figure an offensive disproportion, alters theirphysiognomies, hides the movement of their necks, and makes them look bold, ungraceful,stiff and untidy. The only fashion to be followed is the costume in which the role is to beplayed. Above all, the clothing must be arranged according to the personnages; age, auste«rity, pain, reject all that is allowed by youth, the desire to please, calm of soul. Hermionewith flowers would be ridiculous: the violence of her character, and the trouble that devoursher allow her neither finery nor coquettry in her toilet; she may have a magnificent dress,but a look of the greatest neglect must pervade all the rest to prove that she does notthink of herself. The first glance cast by the public on the actress must prepare it for the character she is going to develop. THE ANCIENT ENGLISH MORRIS DANCE by Francis Douce. 18 o 7 Concluded. Maid Marian. None of the materials that constitute the more authentical history ofRobin Hood, prove the existence of such a character in the shape of his mistress. Thereis a pretty French pastoral drama of the eleventh or twelfth century, entitled Le jeu duberger et de la bergere in which the principal characters are Robin and Marian, a shepherdand shepherdess. Mr Warton thought that our English Marian might be illustrated fromthis composition; but Mr Ritson is unwilling to assent to this opinion, on the ground thatthe French Robin and Marion 4&lt;are not the Robin and Marian of Sherwood." Yet Mr Wartonprobably meant no more than that the name of Marian had been suggested from the abovedrama, which was a great favourite among the common people in France, and performedmuch about the season at which the May games were celebrated in England. The greatintercourse between the countries m ight have been the means of importing this nameamidst an infinite variety of other matters; and there is indeed no other mode of accountingfor the introduction of a name which never occurs in the page of English history. (1)&amp; We have seen that the story of Robin Hood was, at a very early period, of a dramaticcast; and it was perfectly natural that a principal character should be transferred from onedrama to another. It might be thought likewise that the English Robin deserved his Marianas well as the other. The circumstance of the French Marian being acted by a boy contributesto support the above opinion; the part of the English character having been personated,though not always, in like manner. Little, if any, stress can be laid on the authority ofan old play cited by Mr Steevens to prove that "Maid Marian was originally a nameassumed by Matilda the daughter of Robert Lord Fitzwater, while Robin Hood remainedin a state of outlawry. (2) This is rather to be considered as a dramatic fiction, designedto explain a character the origin of which had been long forgotten. &amp; &amp; Maid Marian not only officiated as the paramour of Robin Hood in the May games, butas the queen or lady of the May, who seems to have been introduced long before thegames of Robin Hood. In the isle of Man they not only elected a queen of May, but likewisea queen of winter (1). Gatherings for the May lady, as anciently for Robin Hood, were latelykept up at Cambridge, but in a corrupted form, the real occasion of this ceremony being,in all probability, quite unknown to the gatherers. There can be no doubt that the queenof the May is the legitimate representative of the Goddess Flora in the Roman festival. &amp; The introduction of Robin Hood into the celebration of May probably suggested theaddition of a king or lord of May. In the year 1306 Robert Bruce caused himselfto be crowned at Scone, and a second time by the hands of his mistress, the adulterouswife of the earl of Bowhan, who changed his name to David. It is reported that he said tohis own wife on this occasion, 44 Yesterday we were but earl and countess, today we areking and queen;" to which she replied, 44 True, you are now a summer king, but you maynot chance to be a winter one." Matthew of Westminster has recorded this fact, andHolinshed, who copies him, makes the lady say, that 44 She feared they should prove butas a summer king and queen, such as in country townes the young folks chose for sport todance about may-poles". &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;In 1557 there was a May game in Fenchurch street, with a Lord and Lady of the May,4and a morris dance. (2) Both these characters are introduced in a morris in Fletcher's playof 44 The two noble kinsmen ", Act iii; and, in the 44 Knight of the burning pestle ", a grocer'sapprentice personates a lord of the May dressed out in 44 scarves, feathers and rings ". Heis made to deliver a speech from the conduit to the populace, of which this is a part.44 London, to thee I do present the merry month of May,Let each true subject be content to hear me what 1 say:For from the top of conduit-head, as plainly may appear,I will both tell my name to you, and wherefore I came here.My name is Rafe, by due descent, though not ignoble I,Yet far inferiour to the flock of gracious grocery.And by the common counsel of my fellows in the Strand,With gilded staff, and crossed skarfe. the May lord here I stand."&amp; A lord and lady are still preserved in some places where the Whitsun-ales continue tobe celebrated, and perhaps in other morrises during the season of May. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; To return to Maid Marian She was usually dressed according to the fashion of the time,as we may collect from the figures of her in Mr Tollett' s window, and Israel' s engraving.In both the kirtle and petticoat are alike; and the pendent veil is supported by the hand.The English figure holds a flower, and has a fancy coronet as Queen of the May. The otherhas apparently an apple ip her hand, and her steeple head dress is what was actually wornin the middle of the fifteenth century by queens and ladies of high rank. Barnaby Rich,who wrote in the reigns of Elizabeth and James I., inveighing against the foppery of man'sapparel, exclaims, 44 And from commeth this wearing, and this embroidering of long44 locks, this curiosity that is used amongst men in frizeling and curling of their haire, this44gentlewoman-like starcht bands, so be-edged and belaced, fitter for Maid Marian in a44Moris dance, then for him that hath either that spirit or courage that shold be in a"gentleman?" (3) &amp; &amp; &amp;It appears that the lady of the May was sometimes carried in procession on men 'sshoulders; for Stephen Batman, speaking of the Pope and his ceremonies states that he iscarried on the backs of fourjdeacons, 44 after the maner of carying whytepot queenes in Western May games." (1) Her usual gait was nice and affected. (2) Thus in the descriptionof the family visit to the royal guest, in the old ballad of " The miller of Mansfield " And so they Jetted down towards the king' s hall;The merry old miller, with his hands on his side;His wife, like Maid Marian did wince at that tide.&amp; But although the may-lady was originally a character of some delicacy and importance,she appears to have afterwards declined in both respects. In the time of Elizabeth she was usually represented by some smooth-faced andeffeminate youth. (3) Falstaff tells the hostess, that " for womanhood Maid Marian maybe the Deputy's wife of the ward to her;" meaning perhaps that she was as masculine inher appearance as the country clown who personated Maid Marian: and in Fletcher' s" Monsieur Thomas ", Dorothea desires her brother to conduct himself with more gentlenesstowards his mistress, unless he would chuse to marry Malkyn the May lady; another allusionto the degraded state of Maid Marian, who is here assimilated to a vulgar drudge or scullionboth in name and condition. The translator of " The hospitall of incurable fooles, " 16004to, speaking of Acco, the old woman who became mad on beholding her ugliness in a mirror,says that " one while shee could be as merrje as Maid Marrian. " Nor was this cha- acter, even in later times, uniformly vulgar. Every one will call to mind Nicholas Breton'spretty sonnet of " Phyllida and Corydon ", where the shepherdess," with garlands gayWas made the Lady of the Maye."THE PIPER. Sometimes called Tom Piper, an obvious and necessary attendant on amorris, and who requires very little illustration. Mr Steevens has already referred to Draytonfor the mention of him; and Spenser, in his third eclogue, speaking of the rimes of badpoets, observes that, " Tom Piper makes as little melodie;" whence we are to infer thathis music was not usually of the very best kind. The resemblance as to attitude and dress,between the figures of this character in Mr Tollett's painting and the Flemish print, is re®markable. In both we have the sword and feather. What Mr Tollett has termed his'silvershield' seems a mistake for the lower part or flap of his stomacher. &amp; &amp;THE HOBBY-HORSE of which the earliest vestige now remaining is in the paintedwindow at Betley. It has been already observed that he was often omitted in the morris.During the reign of Elizabeth the Puritans made considerable havoc among the May®games,by their preachings and invectives. Poor Maid Marian was assimilated to the whore of Ba®bylon; friar Tuck was deemed a remnant of Popery, and the Hobby®horse an impious andPagan superstition; and they were at length most completely put to the rout as the bitterestenemies of religion. King James's Book of Sports restored the lady and the hobby®horse:but during the Commonwealth they were again attacked by a new set of fanatics; and to®gether with the whole of the May festivities, the Whitsun®ales, etc, in many parts of Englanddegraded. At the Restoration they were once more revived. (4) The allusions to the omission of the Hobby-horse are frequent in the old plays, and the line " For O, for O, the hobby- horse is forgot," is termed by Hamlet an'epitaph', which Mr Theobald supposed, with greatprobability, to have been satirical. The following extract from a scene in Beaumont andFletcher's " Women pleased Act IV, will best show the sentiments of the Puritans onthis occasion, and which the author has deservedly ridiculed: &amp;Hob.Surely I will dance no more, 'tis most ridiculous,I find my wife's instructions now mere verities,My learned wife's, she often hath pronounc'd to meMy safety; Bomby, defie these sports, thou art damn'd else.This beast of Babylon I will never back again,His pace is sure prophane, and his lewd wi-hees,The sons of Hymyn and Gymyn, in the wilderness.Far.Fie neighbour Bomby, in your tits again?Your zeal sweats, this is not careful, neighbour,The Hobby-horse is a seemly Hobby-horse.Hob.The beast is an unseemly, and a lewd beast,And got at Rome by the Pope's coach-horses,His mother was the mare of ignorance.Soto.Cobler thou ly'st, and thou wert a thousand coblersHis mother was an honest mare, and a mare of good credit,Scorn'd any coach-horse the Pope had; thou art foolisb,And thy blind zeal makes thee abuse the beast.Hob.I do defie thee and thy foot-cloth too,And tell thee to thy face, this prophane ridingI feel it in my conscience, and I dare speak it,This unedified ambling hath brought a scourge upon us.Far.Will you dance no more, neighbour?Hob.Surely no,Carry the beast to his crib: I have renounc'd himAnd all his works.Soto.Shall the Hobby-horse be forgot then?The hopeful Hobby-horse, shall he lye founder'd ?Hob.I cry out on't,'Twas the forerunning sin brought in those tilt-staves,They brandish 'gainst the church, the Devil calls May poles.Soto.Take up your horse again, and girth him to ye,And girth him handsomely, good neighbour Bomby.Hob.I spit at him.Soto.Spit in the horse-face, cobler? Thou out=of»tune psalm»slnglng slave; spit in his visnomy?Hob.I spit again, and thus I rise against him:Against this beast, that signify'd destruction,Foreshew'd i'th' falls of monarchies.Soto.V th' face of him ?Spit such another spit, by this hand cobler,I'll make ye set a new piece o' your nose there;Take't up I say, and dance without more bidding.And dance as you were wont; you have been excellent,And are still but for this new nicety,And your wife's learned lectures; take up the Hobby«horse,Come, 'tis a thing thou hast lov'd with all thy heart, Bomby,And wouldst do still, but for the round=breech'd brothers.You were not thus in the morning; take 't up I say,Do not delay, but do it: you know I am officerAnd I know 'tis unfit ail these good fellowsShould wait the cooling of your zealous porridge ;Chuse whether you will dance, or have me execute;I'll clap your neck i'th' stocks, and there I'll make yeDance a whole day, and dance with these at night too.You mend old shoes well, mend your old manners better,And suddenly see you leave off this sincereness,This new hot batch, borrowed from some brown baker,Some learned brother, or I'll so bait ye for't,Take it quickly up.Hob.I take my persecution,And thus 1 am forc'd a by=word to my brethren. 'The Hobby-horse was represented by a man equipped with as much pasteboard as wassufficient to form the head and hinder parts of a horse, the quadrupedal defects beingconcealed by a long mantle or footcloth that nearly touched the ground. The performer onthis occasion exerted all his skill in burlesque horsemanship. In Sampson's play of Thevowbreaker, 1636, a miller personates the hobby-horse; and being angry that the mayor ofthe city is put in competition with him, exclaims, " Let the major play the hobby-horseamong his brethren, and he will, I hope our towne-lads cannot want a hobby-horse. HaveI practic'd my reines, my* careeres, my pranckers, my ambles, my false trotts, my smootharnbles and Canterbury paces, and shall master major put me besides the hobby-horse?Have 1 borrowed the forehorse bells, his plumes and braveries, nay had his mane new shorneand frizl'd, and shall the major put me besides the hobby-horse ? " &amp; Whoever happens to recollect the manner in which Mr. Bayes's troops in the Rehearsalare exhibited on the stage, will have a tolerably correct notion of a morris hobby-horse.Additional remains of the Pyrrhic or sword dance are preserved in the daggers stuck inthe man's cheeks, which constituted one of the hocus-pocus or legerdemain tricks practisedby this character, among which were the threading of a needle, and the transferring of anegg from one hand to the other, called by Ben Jonson the travels of the egg. (1) To thehorse's mouth was suspended a ladle for the purpose of gathering money from the spec- tators. In later times the fool appears to have performed this office, as may be collectedfrom Nashe's play of Summer's last will and testament, where this stage direction occurs," Ver goes in and fetcheth out the Hobby-horse and the morris claunce who daunce about."Yer then says, " About, about, lively, put your horse to it, reyne him harder, jerke himwith your wand, sit fast, sit fast, man; foole holde up your ladle there." W ill Summers is made to say, " Yoit friend with the hobby-horse, goe not too fast, for feare of wearingout my lord's tyle-stones with your hob-nayles." Afterwards there enter three clowns andthree maids, who dance the morris, and at the same time sing the following song:" Trip and goe, heave and hoe,Up and down©, to and fro,From the towne, to the grove,Two and two, let us rove,A maying, a playing;Love hath no gainsaying;So merrily trip and goe."&amp; Lord Orford in his catalogue of English engravers, under the article of Peter Stent, hasdescribed two paintings at Lord Fitzwilliam's on Richmond Green which came out of theold neighbouring palace. They were executed by Vinckenboom, about the end of the reignof James I., and exhibit views of the above palace ; in one of these pictures a morris danceis introduced, consisting of seven figures, viz. a fool, a hobby-horse, a piper, a Maid Marian,and three other dancers, the rest of the figures being spectators, Of these the first fourand one of the dancers are reduced in the annexed plate from a tracing made by the lateCaptain Grose. The fool has an inflated bladder or eel-skin with a ladle at the end of it,nd with this he is collecting money. The piper is pretty much in his original state ; butthe hobby-horse wants the legerdemain apparatus, and Maid Marian is not remarkable forthe elegance of her person. &amp;Dr. Plott, in his History of Staffordshire, p. 434, mentions that within memory, atAbbot's or Paget's Bromley, they had a sort of sport which they celebrated at Christmas,or on new year and twelfth days, called the Hobby-horse dance, from a person who car- ried the image of a horse between his legs made of thin boards, and in his hand a bow andarrow. The latter passing through a hole in the bow, and stopping on a shoulder, made asnapping noise when drawn to and fro, keeping time with the musick. With this man dancedsix others, carrying on their shoulders as many reindeer heads, with the arms of the chieffamilies to whom the revenues of the town belonged. They danced the heys and othercountry dances. To the above hobby horse dance there belonged a pot, which was kept byturns by the reeves of the town, who provided cakes and ale to put into this pot; all peoplewho had any kindness for the good intent of the institution of the sport giving pence apiece for themselves and families. Foreigners also that came to see it contributed ; and themoney, after defraying the expense of the cakes and ale, went to repair the church andsupport the poor: which charges, adds the doctor, are not now perhaps so cheerfully borne.A short time before the revolution in France, the May games and morris dance werecelebrated in many parts of that country, accompanied by a fool and a hobby-horse. Thelatter was termed un chevalet; and, if the authority of Minsheu be not questionable, theSpaniards had the same character under the name of tarasoa. &amp; &amp; &amp;THE DRAGON, The earliest mention of him as a part of the morris dance we havealready seen in the extract from Stubbes's Anatomie of abuses; and he is likewise introducedin a morris, in Sampson's play of the Vowbreaker, or fayre maid of Clifton, 1633, wherea fellow says, "I'll be a fiery dragonon which, another, who had undertaken thehobby-horse, observes that he will be "a thund'ring Saint George as ever rode on horseback."This seems to afford a clue to the use of this dragon', who was probably attacked in someludicrous manner by the hobby-horse saint, and may perhaps be the Devil alluded to in theextract already given from Fetherstone's Dialogue against dancing. &amp; &amp;THE MORRIS DANCERS. By these are meant the common dancers in the late morrises,and who were not distinguished by any particular appellation, though in earlier times it isprobable that each individual had his separate title. If there were any reason for a contraryopinion, it might depend on the costume of numbers 10 and 11 in Mr. Tollett's window, whichmay perhaps belong to the present class. There are likewise two similar figures in the Flemishprint; and the coincidence in their attitudes is no less remarkable than it is in those of someof the other characters. The circumstance too of one only wearing a feather in his hat is de*serving of notice, as it is the same in both the representations. The streamers which proceedfrom their sleeves and flutter in the wind, though continued in very modern times, were anciently not peculiar to morris dancers, examples of them occurring in many old prints (1).In the reign of Henry the Eighth the morris dancers were dressed in gilt leather and silver paper, and sometimes in coats of whitespangled fustian. They had purses at theirgirdles, and garters to which bells were atta®ched (2). The latter have been always a partof the furniture of the more active charactersin the morris, and the use of them is of greatantiquity. The tinkling ornaments to thefeet among the Jewish women are reprobatedin Isaiah iii. 10. 18. Gratius Faliscus, whowrote his poem on hunting in the time of Au»gustus, has alluded to the practice of dancingwith bells on the feet among the Egyptian priests of Canopus, in the following lines; &amp;" Vix operata suo sacra ad Bubastia linoVelatur sonipes aestivi tuiha Canopi. "Cyne get icon, lib. I. 42.There is good reason for believing that the morris bells were borrowed from the genuineMoorish dance; a circumstance that tends to corroborate the opinion that has been al«ready offered with respect to the etymology of the morris. Among the beautiful habits ofvarious nations, published by Hans Weigel at Nuremberg, in «577» there Is the figure of anAfrican lady of the kingdom of Fez in the act of dancing, with bells at her feet. &amp;The number of bells round each leg of the morris dancers amounted from twenty toforty (3). They had various appellations, as the fore=bell, the second bell, the treble, thetenor, the base, and the double bell. Sometimes they used trebles only; but these refine®ments were of later times (4). The bells were occasionally Jingled by the hands, or placedon the arms or wrists of the parties. Scarves., ribbands, and laces hung all over with goldrings, and even precious stones, are also mentioned in the time of Elizabeth (5). The miller,in the play of the Vowbreaker, says he is come to borrow '* a few ribbandes, bracelets,earerings, wyertyers, and silke girdles and handkerchers for a morice and a show beforethe queene." The handkerchiefs, or napkins (6) as they are sometimes called, were held inthe hand, or tied to the shoulders (7). In Shirley's Lady of pleausure, 1637, Act i. Aretinathus inveighs against the amusements of the country : &amp; &amp;" to observe with what solemnityThey keep their wakes, and throw for pewter candlestickes,How they become the morris, with whose bellsThey ring all into Whitson ales, and sweateThrough twenty scarffes and napkins, till the Hobby horseTire, and the maide Marrian dissoly'd to a gelly,Be kept for spoone meate."The early use of the feather in the hat appears both in Mr. Tollett's window and theFlemish print; a fashion that was continued a long time afterwards (8). Sometimes the hat was decorated with a nosegay (1), or with the herb thrift, formerly called our lady'scushion (a). &amp; &amp;&gt;&amp; Enough has been said to show that the collective number of the morris dancers hascontinually varied according to circumstances, In the same manner as did their habits, inIsrael's print they are nine; in Mr. Tollett's window, eleven. Mr. Strutt has observed thaton his sixteenth plate there are only five, exclusive of the two musicians; but it is con=celved that what he refers to is not a morris, but a dance of fools, There is a pamphletentitled, Old Aieg of Herefordshire for a Mayd Marian and Hereford town for a morrisdance, or 33 morris dance is in Herefordshire of 1200 years old, 3609, 4to (3). In thepainting by Vinckenboom, at Richmond, there are seven figures. In Blount's Glossographia,1656, the Morisco is defined, " a dance wherein there were usually five men and a boydressed in a girles habit, whom they call Maid Marrian. " The morris in Fletcher's Twonoble kinsmen contains some characters, which, as they are 110 where else to be found,might have been the poet's own invention, and designed for stage effect: &amp;" The chambermaid, and serving man by nightThat seek out silent hanging: Then mine hostAnd his fat spouse, that welcomes to their costThe gauled traveller, and with a beckningInforms the tapster to inflame the reck'ning.Then the beast-eating clown, and next the fool,The Bavian, with long tail and eke long tool,Cum multis aliis, that make a dance. "&amp; Mr. Ritson has taken notice of an old wooden cut 44 preserved on the title of a penny- history, (Adam Bell, &amp; c.) printed at Newcastle in 1772, " (4) and which represents, in hisopinion, a morris dance consisting of the following personages: 3. A bishop. 2. Robin Hood.3. The potter or beggar. 4. Little John. 5. Friar Tuck. 6. Maid Marian. He remarks that theexecution of the whole is too rude to merit a copy, a position that is not meant to becontroverted ; but it is necessary to introduce the cut in this place for the purpose of cor- recting an error into which the above ingenious writer has inadvertently fallen. It is properto mention that it originally appeared on the title page to the first known edition ofRobin Hood's gailand, printed In 1670, i8mo. &amp; &amp;fNow this cut is certainly not the representation of a morris dance, but merely of theprincipal characters belonging to the garland. These are, Robin Hood, Little John, queenCatherine, the bishop, the curtal frier, (not Tuck,) and the beggar. Even though it wereadmitted that Maid Marian and Friar Tuck were intended to be given, it could not bemaintained that either the bishop or the beggar made part of a morris. &amp; jg?There still remain some characters in Mr. Tollett's window, of which 110 descriptioncan be here attempted, viz. Nos. 1. 4. 6. and 7. As these are also found in the Flemishprint (5) they cannot possibly belong to Robin Hood's company; and therefore their learned proprietor would, doubtless, have seen the necessity of reconsidering his explanations (1).The resemblance between the two ancient representations is sufficiently remarkable towarrant a conjecture that the window has been originally executed by some foreign artist;and that the panes with the English friar, the hobby-horse, and the may-pole have beensince added. &amp; jg? &amp;Mr. Waldron has informed us that he saw in the summer of 1785, at Richmond in Surrey,a troop of morris dancers from Abingdon, accompanied by a fool in a motley jacket, whocarried in his hand a staff about two feef long, with a blown bladder at the end of it, withwhich he either buffeted the crowd to keep them at a proper distance from the dancers,or played tricks for the diversion of the spectators. The dancers and the fool were Berkshirehusbandmen taking an annual circuit to collect money (2). Mr. Ritson too has noticed thatmorris dancers are yet annualty seen in Norfolk, and make their constant appearance inLancashire. He has also preserved a newspaper article respecting some morris dancers ofPendleton, who paid their annual visit to Salford, in 1792 (3) ; and a very few years sinceanother company of this kind was seen at Usk In Monmouthshire, which was attended bya boy Maid Marian, a hobby-horse, and a fool. They professed to have kept up the ceremonyat that place for the last three hundred years. It has been thought worth while to recordthese modern instances, because it is extremely probable that from the present rage forrefinement and innovation, there wili remain, in the course of a short time, but few vestigesof our popular customs and antiquities. &amp; &lt;£? &amp;7 £7 &amp; A Frenchpastoral. &amp; May gamesin 1557. &amp; Carried inprocession. Elizabethanperiod. &amp; Tom Piper. Its construction. Tegcrdemaintricks. &amp; Two oldpictures. &amp; The HobbyHorse Dance. In France. &amp; &amp; The Bells. Their names &amp;numbers. Their titles. Some Survivors. NOTES.(1) Ben Jonson's " Works ", 1756, vol. vi. p. 93.Marian, or as it is more frequently written, Marion is not formed, as some French wri- ters have supposed, from Mary and Ann, but more probably from Mariamne the wife ofHerod, whose name seems borrowed from that of Miriam the prophetess, sister of Aaron.Miriam is said to come from a Syrian word signifyng Mistress, or from marar, bitterness,The name of Mary, evidently contracted from Miriam or Mariamne, does not occur til!the time of the daughter of Joachim and Anne, the mother of Christ, at which periodwe find other Maries in the New Testament. It is remarkable that Maria, from Marius,should not occur among the Roman names of women, in like manner as we have Julia,Cornelia, Fulvia, Proba, Valeria, etc; from Julius, Cornelius, Fulvius, Probus, and Valerius.The facetious and eccentric Edmund Gayton, In the dedication to his 44 Festivous notes onDon Quixote " speaks of May Myriam. He perhaps Imagined that the morris dance hadbeen suggested by the prophetess and her dancing women with their timbrels.(2) Steevens Shakespeare. VIII. 530. NOTES.(1) Waldron,s 44 History of the isle of Man ismo, p' 95. where he has described the mockbattle between the queens.(2) Strye's 44 Eccl. memorials, iii. 376,(3) The honestie of this age. 161.5. 4to. p 35. NOTES.(1) What these ladies exactly were is not easy to comprehend. Whitepot in cookery was,a kind of custard, made in a crust or dish with cream, eggs, pulse of apples, sugar, spicesamd sippets of white or manchet bread. It is possible therefore that Maid Marian, beingoccasionally personated by a kitchen malkin or cook wench, obtained the title of a white- pot queen.(2) " Golden books of the leaden Goddes," 1577, 4to, fo. 30.(3) Greene's " Quip for an upstart courtier ", sig, D. 3.(4) Yet, in the reign of Charles the Second, Thomas Hall, another puritanical writer, pub®lished his 'Funebria, the Downfall of Mayegames', 1661, 4to, in which, amidst a great deal ofsilly declamation against these innocent amusements, he maintains that "Papists are forwardto gh*e the people May®poIes, and the Pope's holiness with might and main keeps up his super®stitious festivals as a prime prop of his tottering kingdom". That "by these sensual sportsand carnal»flesh-pleasmg wayes of wine, women, dancing, revelling, etc, he hath gained moresouls, than by all the tortures andcruel persecutions that he could invent." He adds, "Whata sad account will these libertines have to make, when the Lord shall demand of them, where NOTES.wast thou such anight? why, my Lord, I was with the prophane rabble, stealing May-poles;and where wast thou such a day ? why, my Lord, I was drinking, dancing, dallying, ran- ting, whoring, carousing, etc." NOTES.(1) " Every man out of his humour " Ac ii. Sc I. NOTES.(1) See the plate of ancient cards, xxxi. in Strutt's Sports and pastimes, where a knaveor attendant is dressed in this manner.(2) Churchwardens' accounts at Kingston, in Lysons's Enviions of London, i. p. 227, 228.($) Stubbes's Anatomie of abuses, ubi supra.(4) See Rowley's Witch of Edmonton, 1658, Act i. Sc. 2.(5) Stubbes, ubi supra. Knight of the burning pestle, Act iv.(6) Stubbes, ubi supra. Jonson's Masque of gipsies. Holme's Academy of armory, bookiii. p. 169.(7) Knightlof the burning pestle, Act iv.(8) Vox graculi, 1623, p. 49. NOTES.(1) Fletcher's Women pleased, Act iv.(2) Greene's Quip for an upstart courtier, sign.. B. 31(3) This tract is mentioned by Sir William Temple, in his Essay on health and long life,from the communication of Lord Leicester. Howel, in his Parly of beasts, 1660, has recordedthat "of late years ther were call'd out within three miless compasse ten men that werea thousand years between them, one supplying what the other wanted cf a hundred yearsapiece, and they danc'd the morris divers hours together in the market place with a taborerbefore them 203 years old, and a maid Marian 105," p. 122, This seems to allude to thesame event. rz? jg? (4) See the tail-piece of this article.(5) Compare No. I, with the left hand figure at bottom in the print; No. 4, with the lefthand iigure at top; No. 6, with the right hand figure at bottom; and No. 7, with the righthand figure at top. This last character in the Flemish print has a flower in his hat aswell as No. 4. Query if that ornament have been accidentally omited by the English engraver? NOTES.(1) This gentleman's death is recorded to have happened Oct. 22d, 1779. Gough's Brit,topogi. ii. 339.(2) See his continuation to Ben Jonson's sad shepherd, 1782, 8vo, p. 255* a work of veryconsiderable merit, and which will materially diminish the regret of all readers of tastethe original was left unfinished.(3) Robin Good, I. cviii. A MANAGERIAL TRICK. Memoirs of Mdlle. George. Edited by Paul Cheramy. |Hjow did you bring about the success of the "Misanthrope " ? You gained your spurs as a" clever man by this triumph. Come now, tell us all about it. &amp;" Well, the first performance had doubtless produced a great effect, but the receipts" were unsatisfactory. Something had to be done. The second performance was also rather" tame, and we were relying on tremendous receipts. At the third performance I gave boxes"to various gay ladies, who were pretty but possessed no finery. To these I sent gowns," hats and enormous bouquets on condition that they should burst into tears, while some•« even received orders to faint. What was said was done. The play had to be interrupted" several times, the unfortunate ladies were carried into the lounge, doctors were called," and so forth. The trick was resorted to on three or four occasions and the success was" tremendous. It certainly cost the company a good sum, but the result was fabulous. STAGE SCENERY G. C. 11 scenery must be used when performing plays it is better to employ a simple backgroundrather than an elaborate one, and to create this you do better to employ a few lines thanmany broken ones. Thus the simplest background is the unclouded sky and a plain wall isalmost as simple.For a perfect drama, should it be possible some day to write one, the sky must be usedas the only worthy background. The manager or producer reveals his estimate of the valueof Shakespeare by the elaboration or simplicity of his background. &amp; &amp;The above design, (a wood engraving of the ioth century), is an example of a simplebackground. The lines are but little broken. In no way do they frustrate the dramatic in- tention.&amp; Scenery has to speak as well as the actors, but it is better when it says only that whichis necessary.&amp; Here we see that we need to have it explained that it is an interior, a prison. It is agentleman's prison, says the floor, but except for the slightly emphatic floor, window andstone bench the scene says nothing; it leaves the stage to the Dramatist and the Actors.Learn the essentials of stage scenery, and you will in time learn the essentials of Drama. LADIES, TEMPERAMENT ANDDISCIPLINE. E. E. STAGE MANAGER* More discipline is necessary in the Theatre. Too many of the failuresin the Theatre can be attributed to lack of discipline. Think of how many plays never getas far as the first rehearsal because the actress is displeased with her maid ! I know of acase where a series of twelve plays was going to be produced by a famous European actress.The stage director and the actress were to have prepared these together. Everything wasdecided and the director had gone to commence his part of the work. Suddenly he receiveda telegram. "Hedda Gabler impossible. No one to play servant." He turned to the secondplay which was, let us say, the " Lady from the Sea ". Next day a second telegram. "Sosorry width of stage only 36 instead of 37 feet. Obliged to put off Lady from the Sea." Sohe turned to the third play. "John Gabriel Borkman when a third telegram arrived," Can't do John Gabriel Borkman. All my actors too foolish. " Then he turned to the fourthplay, "Edipus Rex." Another telegram; "We won't proceed with Edipus Rex; don't likethe play." On the following day he looked through the plays which were left and, with afeeling of security on seeing 'Hamlet' set to work on that. Promptly arrived a telegram," Hamlet most gloomy play I ever read. Makes me gloomy to read it so am obliged to cutit out of repertoire." He-turned then to "Much Ado about Nothing" which was includedin the list but received a sixth telegram in the morning. " Was ever anything so ludicrousas this play. I can't bear to think of an audience indulging in laughter all the time. Leaveout Much Ado About Nothing." And this went on until there was not one of the twelveleft. &amp; &amp; &amp; *&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;PLAYGOER. Ah, 1 can guess to whom you are referring. But remember how sheleans against the door in that play by Sudermann!&amp; STAGE DIRECTOR. Yes, certainly. But the value of a moment like that does notcompensate for the loss of twelve splendid productions and the loss of everybody's temperinto the bargain. Shakespeare or any great author is not judged as great for the momentsbut for the whole play and for his whole life's work. Yet we rave about an actress forthe sake of her 'moments'.&amp; P L A Y G O E R. Then do you not value temperament? &amp;STAGE DIRECTOR. Certainly ; but I value only that temperament which is strongenough to become disciplined.PLAYGOER. Oh, can you show me any disciplined people who also have temperament?jz? ST A G E DIRECTOR. Yes, the great artists. &amp;&amp; PLAYGOER. But these are exceptions. Can you tell me of any calling where tempe- rament and discipline are equally balanced ? &amp; S T A G E DIRECTOR. Certainly, the sailor's.&amp; PLAYGOER. But there is a great deal of difference between the temperament of thesailor and of the artist.STAGE DIRECTOR. Precisely. And there should be none. When we talk of an artist'stemperament we generally mean a lot of nervous disorders. Away with your temperament,then! Perhaps if we get discipline something may come of it. At present nothing butdisturbance comes from your "temperament".&amp; P L A Y G O E R. I think that you are very extreme in your view!&amp; STAGE DIRECTOR. Yes, I speak in one extreme because 1 find you speaking in theother. You get warm when you speak of temperament, and I become cold when I think ofthe damage it does to the stage; and so I advance the theory that discipline is the oneand only thing. I know that both are necessary, but that both must be quite genuine. &amp;&amp; Let the temperament of each actor develop for all that temperament is worth, and letthe sense of discipline be developed in every actor in proportion to the force of his tem- perament. Do not let temperament be an excuse for absense of discipline. It is this whichis killing the modern theatre.We want in the Theatre the same discipline that there is on a ship, and we want thedirection of that ship or theatre to be in the hands of one man who is thoroughly disci- plinad; but ws do not want the man who directs to have the responsibility for theexistence of that theatre or that ship.&amp; PLAYGOER. Then you want the State to be responsable for your theatre?STAGE DIRECTOR. Not for one theatre but for every theatre in the land. As itis for its navy. If the State is responsible for one theatre it will not take any troubleto study the whole question of the relationship of theatre to Nation, but if it has theresponsibility of every theatre it will take great care to do so. And it would be an easierthing to manage all the theatres of England than it would be to manage one NationalTheatre in London. Conceive the idea of having one Man=of=War which belonged to theNation, while all the others were the product of private enterprise. If you are going tochange'the order of things as the National Theatre sets out to do, then you must havesufficient power to enforce that change, and one National Theatre against all the theatresof private enterprise will have no chance whatever. &amp;&amp; PLAYGOER. Bo you know I was thinking the same thing myself the other day. I wasat the committee meeting for the collection of funds for the National Theatre and I hadhalf a mind to say what you have just said. &amp;&amp; STAGE DIRECTOR. Then why didn't you say it? What prevented you?PLAYGOER. Well, you know, "live and let live"! Besides, it would have caused dis=cussion, and if there is a thing I hate it is to create a feeling of disagreement amongpeople. JZ?STAGE DIRECTOR. Ah! on the principle of live and let die"?..:. Let us go todinner!jz? PLAYGOER. But we were speaking of ladies and the stage, and of their need fordiscipline?^*STAGE DIRECTOR. 1 had not forgotten it. The ladies await us at dinner! Let usgo then and learn discipline at their hands. But let us not attempt to teach them that orany other folly. Come, lest we be late. Only ladies may be late, you know. jg?jg? PLA YGOER. And if a lady Is late at rehearsal ? &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; STAGE DIRECTOR. Then let us request her to leave, but do not correct her. In factI am now going to ask one of the two ladies who are to dine with us to leave the stage altogether. You will see how charmed she will be I &amp; JZ? Caprice. Its result, A comparison. What we need. AFTER YOU'VE FINISHED WITH IT, by John Balance. n one of the leading theatres in London I have had the curious experienceof hearing very well paid young employes saying to each other " Lend meThe Mask after you've finished with it " .It may be considered a hopeful sign that one young employe had purchasedThe Mask, but let no one cherish this delusion. It was the mana ger's copy INow The Mask is published, as those closely connected with it know,with particular pleasure for the general pain of the English theatre's young.It is by no means made to tickle their fancy or to flatter them up the rightway but to give them as much pain as can possibly be inflicted, and wewho hold this aim before us believe that we are succeeding in this, and there is only one thing that we have to complain about. It is that these young employespositively refuse to add to our pleasure In return; that Is to say, they never subscribe. &amp;I know it is quite unusual to make such a statement as this, but I have the Editor'spermission to make it, though he tells me at the same time that In consequence The Maskhas lost one of its publishers, who has gone to be a bellringer in a church. StilL The Maskis ever regardless of consequences, so Mr Semar, even in view of this, has not withdrawn hispermission which sets me free to expose this weakness of ours, and to say that The Maskhas only SIX SUBSCRIBERS ON THE ENGLISH STAGE, (i) &amp; &amp; JS&gt; Now this fact gives him, and those of us who are associated with him in his work, moreinfernal delight than fit would he possible to do justice to by mere words. The lavishdisplay of all these young employes dawdling round the theatre, loaning the single well«thumbed copy from the manager, is one of the most brilliant achievements of the Englishstage,How is it to be accounted for? Every one in London knows of The Mask through thePress. The English Press for some reason or other is always allowing bursts of enthusiasmto get the better of its common sense when speaking about The Mask. Every half year theEnglish critics attempt to assume a more serious attitude towards The Mask. Every half-yearthey complete a half-finished sentence of warning, and then burst out into a hearty chorusof enthusiastic approval. And YET the young employes refuse to purchase The Mask. Forwhat reason? They are not frightened of it. It gives them pain, to be sure, but they ratherlike that, especially if they can share it over one copy. They know that the journalis cram full of good things, serious things, and jolly things, pretty things and uglythings. What more do they wantDo you think it is that they want to be on the Free List ? Not at all I Do not imaginesuch a thing. If they were on the Free List they would not want to read the journal andwould only carry it in the street to frighten their superiors. &amp; &amp; &amp;No, the truth of it is that the young employes who are working for the managers ofLondon dislike study, dislike reading books in fact dislike work of all kinds. &amp;But there is another reason why the young employe has not got a bound volume ofThe Mask at home. It is because he would feel that it was extremely extravagant to spenda shilling a month upon printed matter which is only calculated to make him wince. Ifthere is a thing the young man dislikes it is mental athletics. Like many Englishmen hehas the good trait of being extremely obstinate. If he were not obstinate every first nightperformance would be a scandalous failure. It is through sheer obstinacy that he facesand out-faces the public. I have a great admiration for this obstinacy but I believe thatin matters relating to the Arts it is a trifle over=done in England. For after all it doesn'treally matter whose opinion is right. Whether Gordon Craig's opinion is right or OswaldStoSl's opinion is wrong, or whether William Archer's opinion is different from both: andso it does not matter whether the young employe at St Stephen's Theatre is right orwhether Mr Allen Carrie, my companion on the staff of this journal, is right. Upon theart of ringing the curtain up and down there are only two men whose opinions count:they are the man downstairs with his finger on the bell and the other man upstairs withhis hand on the wheel. But it does not seem entirely unreasonable that Johan WolfgangGoethe should also have an opinion upon these subtle points of stage craft, that each of thethree should listen to what the others have to say and that the truth should really beallowed to emerge between the soft clash of differences. &amp; &amp; &amp;In The Mask and through The Mask we create this delicate disturbance. But in Englandthe lips are so tightly pressed together, the eyebrows so indifferently raised, the eyes soentirely expressionless that one would think that they had never understood this truth,i. e., that truth only emerges when opposites meet. Where people are gathered together whorefuse to discuss amiably men arise who are forced into uttering paradoxes. These menare obliged to impersonate the two contrary forces. It does not disclose a healthy socialcondition when one man has to breathe the truth alone. He is obliged to give birth tothese paradoxes and people naturally think that is very queer. They don't know that it istheir own fault and that if they would only loosen themselves and give expression to theirairy somethings or nothings, something would be sure to come from it. Of course what Imean is that The Mask is uttering valuable truths which it would much prefer to arriveat in some other way.&amp; But I had intended to be a little less serious about all this!If I were to persuade the Editor to publish the names of those on the English stagewho subscribe for this journal it might perhaps prove rather too comic, and that is notmy wish either. dPerhaps a little later on The Mask will grow a trifle more personal. You have noticedthat where we can we havis always avoided speaking of any particalar theatre and its ec« centricities but have generalised. But I daresay that in the course of six months it may befound advisable to particularise. To speak a little, for instance, of His Majesty's Theatre, tocome to the question of the St James's Theatre, not to leave unmentioned the HaymarketTheatre, no, nor the Lyric, the Garrick or the Queen's. &amp; jg? &amp;&amp; For example in regard to His Majesty's, (although the six months is not yet up), I havenoticed in the Saturday Review of May 7th that 44 Rusticus " has been writing some ratherqueer things about Sir Herbert Tree. x &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Now, every word he has said is in a way entirely right and it is well that he has saidit. It is about the cheekiest piece of stuff that has yet appeared upon an actor who is forcedagainst his will to take himself &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Sir Herbert has no desire to take himself seriously. He is the greatest acter that hasyet been upon earth in the one respect that he has positively acted at being an actor. Awise man, (one of the wisest in London,) he has seen that the modern Theatre is the MusicHall of the world. He has acted, not as people have so often said, to captivate the vainpublic; he has acted for one man alone; he has acted for himself. &amp; &amp;When with the slightly swaggering gait he comes 011 to his stage he is thinking to himself4* how nice it tastes ; what a delicious feeling. " And as he looks at the audience a strangeexpression irradiates his face; he steps back somewhat shyly, and one feels he must besaying, 44 No, not all of them are fools." &amp;&amp; And to see this is to see something very interesting. To study the psychology of suchan actor is the delight of the man in the audience who Is conscious that he is the only manpresent who is not a &amp;Everybody admiring Sir Herbert Tree for this profound contempt of the theatre mustwrite feelingly about him. 44 Rusticus ", after a stroll in the Sussex lanes to cool his heatedimagination, enters his old farm house, and writes to the Saturday Review saying howgreatly he admires 44 Sir Herbert Tree's public spiritedness and courage in venturing toproduce in so short a time so many master-pieces. " How he admires Sir Herbert Tree44 because he is genial, earnest, and he has charm". How 44 his Shylock is excellent; hismake-up in Falstaff magnificent; his Malvolio nearly perfect". And then, (For 4Rusticus'loves his theatre), he proceeds to tell Sir Herbert the truth. But though it may be a truththat he has told, unfortunately it is not the truth, because if the entire world were to callSir Herbert 44 ridiculous " 44 absurd " and 44 preposterous " they would only be saying thatwhich Sir Herbert in his heart of hearts desires them to say.&amp; He is the living symbol of the preposterousness of the English stage of 1910. He standsin the centre of the stage a parody of all that is beautiful, but conscious that he is aparody,., .. a profoundly pathetic figure crucifed upon a paradox triumphant,And that is the truth. The youngE m ploy e. His dislike ofstudy. &amp; His obstinacy. &amp; A truth. Siz Herbert Tree An inteiesting sight. (1) American Papers please copy 11! THE ARCHITECTURE AND COSTUMEOF SHAKESPEARE'S PLAYS by E. W. Godwin. F. R. S. A DESIGN FOR A STAGE SCENE. JULIUS OLIVER. AS YOU LIKE IT his play refers distinctly to a time prior to the succession of Anne ofBritanny, for her&gt;duchy was the last of the princedoms added to thecrown by her marriage with the King of France. The time of the action,therefore, belongs to some period before the commencement of thesixteenth century, and the reign of Louis XI. (1461-1483), contemporarywith that of our Edward IV., Is probably as late as we can safely placeit. Architecture has very little to do with the scenery of this comedy. Indeed, there is no necessity for its introduction at all. The first act gives— &amp;1. An orchard near Oliver's house.2. A lawn before the Duke's palace.3. A room in the palace.&amp; Now there is nothing to call for any buildings in 1 or 2, and the 3rd Scene may Just as well be enacted on the lawn (2) as in a room.•&lt;&amp; In the 2nd Act we have for the 2nd Scene a room in the palace, occurring again in the1st Scene of the 3rd Act. Both Scenes are extremely short (thirty-nine lines in all), andmight be omitted without doing any violence to the conduct of the plot. So, too, the 3rdScene of the 2nd Act may be the same as the first of the first. And as all the rest of theaction is in the Forest of Arden there is really no need for any architectural scenery in AsYou Like It. jg? &amp;The costume of 1461—1483 was not so extravagant in France as it was in England. Inthe Court of Duke Frederick we should see doublets and gowns of silk velvet and cloth ofgold ; rich embroideries in Venice gold, chiefly of the net and pine-apple pattern ; deeptrimmings of fur or velvet to collars, cuffs, and skirts of Rosalind's and Celia's dresses, andvarious other things already noticed in the articles on the plays of Henry VI. and Richard III.But there are so many MSS. of this time, especially in the Imperial and National Librariesin Paris, and their illuminations reveal so many different styles of toilette, that the powerof selection to a certain extent and within certain limits is in our hands, and our decisionin these matters must therefore be more or less influenced by the physique of the actoror actress. For the more we know of the costume of the past the more satisfied we arethat we can avoid, vif we choose, those curiosities of dress where the ludicrous is predomi- nant, and which, by arousing untimely laughter, interfere sadly with the dramatic action. ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL he Florentine war that happened nearest to Shakspere's day fixes the time of theaction about 1555* There was, It is true, no 44 Duke of Austria" then, the last Dukehaving died about a century before. With the exception of this allusion to Austria there is nothing of any kind in the text that is inconsistent with the date I have chosen.The scenery is wholly or almost wholly architectural, and is divided between Paris, Rousilfonand Florence. There are five Acts, comprising twenty-three Scenes, very unequally divided,but in the first copy there is no scenic division. Following the course I have adopted inother comedies, I would venture to divide this play into six Acts with only four set-scenes,as thus:— &amp; &lt;£?1. Rousillon : the interior of the hall, Acts I., III., and VI.2. Paris: a room in the King's Palace, Act II3. Florence: without the walls, Act IV.4. Florence : a room in the widow's house, Act V.&amp; Some of the scenes are so unimportant that there need be very little hesitation inomitting them. These are the 2nd of Act II., the 1st and 3rd of Act III., the 5th of Act IV.,and the 1st and 2nd of Act V. The 2nd Scene of Act I. may without any inconsistency beremoved so as to form the 1st Scene in Act II. The 3rd Act might be divided at the endof the 4th Scene, and the three remaining Scenes taken with the four Florentine Scenes ofthe 4th Act may be divided Into two Acts (4 and 5)—an exterior and an interior at Florence.&amp; Our first set-scene represents, in the words of the stage directions, 44 a room I11 theCountess's palace, Rousillon". As we are not called on to supply the scene of the historicalevent, and as no special Chateau or Countess Is intended by our author, we are free toselect any Interior that will best suit the and nature of the particular stage we mayhave to use, provided only that we remember that we are in that old province of France,now known as the Eastern Pyrenees, and that the Mediaeval architecture of the district wasfrom first to last impressed—I will not say with a Romanesque but with a Roman character.To Perpignan, Carcassonne, Perigeux and Toulouse, we must look rather than to Pierre- fonds, Coucy, or Creil if we desire authorities for restoring the Mediaeval vaults and towersof the casle of the Count of Rousillon. And I think its Mediaeval character should be re- stored to Bertram's home, if only to give the strength of antiquity to the splendid aristocrcayof the Countess, and some excuse for the almost blinding pride of her son.&amp; The Paris Scene would be from the Louvre, as described in my notes on the historicalplays of Henry V. and Henry VI. (1) &amp;&amp; The third Scene Is outside the walls of Florence. A country road and fields form the foreground, whilst the gate, walls and town would be seen at tSio extreme back of thestage. Indeed, the distance represented outside the walls may be so great that there wouldbe no necessity for any other architectural work except such as may easily he painted ona back=c!oth, the line of the stage being disguised by broken banks, hedgerows, &amp;c. Thewalls and gate should look almost new ; for it was only twenty=nine years (1620) beforethe date above assigned to the action of this play that the fortifications were surveyed bythe French and extensive reconstructions ordered, with the addition of those large"* roundbastions, then a special feature de Part de la guerre. Such portions of the old walls aswere allowed to remain would belong to the first quarter of the fourteenth century. Thisfourteenth=century wall was once studded with towers, most of which were razed in 1626=7,but a few everTyet remain. Above the walls we should see a host of towers, belonging tothe palaces, monasteries, and churches of the City of the Lily, and chief among them thoseof the Duomo, Palazzo Vecchio, and the Podesta. r jg?jg? A room in the poor hostelry of St. Francis, where the kind Florentine widow, who hadseen better days, managed to live by the recommendations of pilgrims and palmers jour- neying to the shrine ot "Saint Jaquesie Grand," would scarcely be in the modern styleof the Renaissance. The widow's house would probably be one of the many fourteenth=centuryhouses with which Florence then abounded, and in its massive wooden# ceilings, with theirfaded and broken patches of colour, its unmoulded, (or scarcemoulded) arches, and itspanelled walls, we might recognise the strong, almost solemn spirit of Arnolfo, the cityarchitect of 1290=1310. &amp;A. D. 1555 introduces us to Henry II. of France, to Mary of England, and to the EmperorCharles V. Of the King of France (Henry II.), and what manner of man he was we maybehold the vraisemblance in his portrait drawn at full length by Clouet, and now in themuseum of the' Louvre. The engravings of Peressim (&lt;559) are replete with illustrations ofthe military costumes of France, from the plumed noble in embossed, chared or damascenedarmour, to the Swiss guard, vith his halberd, the arquebusier, the pikemen, and the Archersde la garde da roi. In the well=known portraits of Queen Mary and of Marie Stuart(Society of Antiquaries, London) we have sufficient authority for the fashion of the dressof the Countess of Rousillon, or the ladies of the Court of France. The colours most invogue with the ladies of this period were crimson, violet, tan=co!our, golden yellow, strawyellow, and grey; these were used with great skill, and much was done by the Judiciousemployment of black and white for relief and emphasis. A severe costume combining onlyblack and white with lines of gold embroidery was that adopted by the King at this time,and regarded as his livery. Bertram, Count of Rousillon, and the nobles of Southern andultra Catholic France, would be far beyond their sovereign in richness and elaboration ofapparel, wearing as an everyday costume crimson velvet or satin with embroideries andbuttons of gold. In the text we find mention made of scarfs and plumes, slashed or snipt=taffata of saffron colour, " delicate fins hats and most courteous feathers, " as parts of thesoldiers dress; there are, also, a few other things named, such as wearing caps of a past•*fashion, but nothing else which can be said to indicate any special form, colour, or fashion.^ LOVE'S LABOUR LOST. ove's Labour Lost is a play which has the merit of brimming over with comedy,and of being less expensive to mount and easier to arrange in set scenes for themodern stage than any other of its author's works. The scenery is laid in Na= 111 varre—a province of Spain lying on the French frontier, and once a kingdom. (2)But what appear at first sight to be historical references in the text have really no foun~dation in the history of Europe, so that there need be no hesitation in fixing the periodof the action at the time the play was written, or about 1590, The only orchitecture whichappears in the scenes occurs in an exterior view of a royal palace in a park, and the outsideof Armado's house, also In a park, an arrangement, savouring much of France and England,but not of Spain—mereover Don Adriano de Armado is often refered to not only as aSpaniard of some other State, such as Aragon or Castile, but as of an entirely different nationality from that of Navarre. There seems to me therefore no cause sufficient to stayus if we incline to fix either on France or England for the scenery and costume of Love'sLabour's Lost. The parson. Sir Nathaniel, Holofernes who educates "youth at the charge- house on the top of the mountain, " Dull the constable, Jacquenette the country wench,and Costard the clown, are English from top to toe. Nor would the description of themanners of the King and his lords by Boyet In the second Scene of the fifth Act. at allindicate the proud bearing and polished style of the grandees of Spain either under Fer- dinand or Philip. If, however, we wish to preserve some Spanish colour in the scenery thearchitecture should partake of t/ie character of some distinctive building, like the EarlyRenaissance Alcazar at Toledo, or the Gothic houses at Segovia, Valencia, or Barcelona(see " Gothic Architecture in Spain, "by Mr. G. E. Street, R, A., &amp;c). &amp;&amp; For the costume.of the ladies, the nobles, and the King, we can not do better thanrefer to the National Portrait Gallery, the Louvre, and the Recueil de Gaignieres, to. x.The great distinction between the Spaniard and the Frenchman was in the length of thetrunk hose; the first wore them short, sometimes so much so that they scarcely showedbeneath the skirt of the doublet; the French hose reached as low as the knee, and theskirt of the doublet was reduced to a mere band. (See notes on the Merchant of Venice), (i) The costume. The scenery. &lt;£? Rousillon. Paris.PIore nee. &amp; jp Costume. The Period. (1) This article will be published at a future date- (1) Rep inted In The Mask. May-Yune and Yuly, 1908. THE EXQUISITE AND THE PRECIOUS by Gordon Craig. wine cannot appreciate pearls. This has at last become a well-knownfact,.... acknowledged by the majority. &amp; &amp; &amp;The majority of people known to us certainly appreciate pearls;therefore the majority may be said to appreciate that which is bothexquisite and precious. XZ?I do not care whether the pearls are appreciated because theyare so rare and so costly.... all the better that they are so or because they look so lovely. Either reason 5s good enough, for the result is the same* Wonder and excitement are aroused,, the things are sure to behandled tenderly and the wearer will probably hold her head more charmingly than before.Thus we see that to be near the precious and the exquisite is to become more exquisite,more precious, ourselves.It is a pity that the Theatre is neither exquisite nor precious. &amp;I want in place of violent expression of violent emotions and ideas more exquisiteexpression of more precious emotions and ideas. &amp; &amp; &amp; jg/ &amp;&amp; In place of vulgar materials such as prose, coarse wooden boards, canvas, paint, papiermache and powder I would like more precious materials to be employed. Poetry, or eventhat far more precious Silence Ebony and Ivory :... Silver and Gold :... the preciouswoods of rare trees :.. . exquisite silks unusually dyed :... marble and alabaster andfine brains. jgr&amp; The Public is no fool : it will not value a lump of coal above a diamond ; It prefers silkand Ivory any day to wood and canvas. A critic who denies this is a duffer.&amp; So then, Gentlemen, I ask you to consider the imitation Lily of the Theatre and tocompare it with that more precious species, with her of the fields. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And thanking you for past criticisms I ask you to criticise justly the present materialof the modern theatre. If you do so even with tolerance you will rouse us all to a statebordering upon exquisite rage: but you will confer upon the theatre an honour, thehonour of believing that it is still open to noble criticism, still worthy of judgement pro- nounced upon its essentials, and not alone upon its nonessential details.If a fig tree should bear thistles would you criticise the prickly result ? Would you wasteyour time protesting against the quality of the thistle and write it down an indifferentspecimen and ask for better?Then why do you criticise the false product of our noble art ? &amp;&amp; I pray you to study the nature of the Art of the Theatre so that with your assistanceonce again the flower and fruit of it may be found to be both exquisite and precious. The Theatre Its material. A request. THE GENEALOGY OF PULCINELLA by Dr: Miche1e Scherillo. Battista Don!, a Florentine noble who died in 1647, in one of his treatises on music,speaks thus: 44 In the French farces the principal role usually belongs to one whoplays the part of a servant and is introduced with very ridiculous dress and face and ex«tremely depraved speech and discourse, after the manner of the foolish and extravagantbuffoons who in the Atellanians were called 'Macci', from the Greek word jj.rx.Mzv, whichmeans desipere, and more commonly Moriones, as in the " persona di Tabaria " amongthe French, and in Italy " Puccinella", introduced a few years ago, and, as understood bySIgnor Federico Cesi, prince of Acquasparta, (who has been in our days a miracle of goodness,kindness, and learning) coming from a part of the principality of Salerno called Crifone,where the men, owing to the marshiness of the situation, are corpulent and pale and speakhoarsely and through the nose. Such perhaps are the Fasiani, (that is the inhabitants ofthe Colchide near the river Fase) described by Ippocrate in the book on air, water, etc. (1)A little later, about 1693, the abbot Giovan Battista Pacichelli, a Pistoiese noble, apostoliclegate at Naples, In a book De larvis vulgo mascheris, wrote, 44 tiodie in Baccanaiibus aut44 potius Carnisprivii festo, Gentilium illls substitute, vestes obsoletae simpliciter ac jocosae44 Larvas inducunt. Quilibet enim extra patriam agens Galium, Venetum, Bononiensem,44 Neapolitanum, Acerrensem, aliosque, vulgo 11 Raguetto, Pantalone, Zauns, Cola, PuU44 cinella, quorum alter ita dictus ab erectis contra hostes Reipublicae validissimos, in44 tropheum propriis Senatus symbolis, scilicet Leonibus ; postremus vero Pulcinella, inven- 44 turn plane ridicolum cuiusdam I. C, seu Terrae Gefuni sive urbis Acerrensis, causarumque44 patroni taedio affecti in Magna Curia Neapolitanae Vicariae, nomine Andreae Ciuccio,&lt;4 qui ad vultum ex natura accomodum, ventrem straminibus onustum aptavit, plures ad*44 sui imitation em excitans, surnmamque famam per universam Europam captans. Alii vero44 ex insulsis vestium indumentis libentisslme vis! et auditi sunt." And, six years after, AndreaPerruccl, (2) a Sicilian by birth but settled in Naples from his childhood, corrected Pacichelli'sinformation and gave further indications as to the birth of our 44 In Naples," he wrote, 44 we are in the habit of making use of the character of Pulici- 44 nella, a personnage certainly not invented by a jurisconsult called Andrea Ciuccio, who44 devoted himself to acting It in the public theatres as the Abbot Pacichelli fancied, but44 by a comedian called Silvio Fioriilo, who called himself Capitan Maetamoros: It is true44 that, by study and natural grace, it was afterwards perfected by Andrea Calcese, nicknamed «44 Ciuccio, a tailor and not a tribunalist, as Is known to all those who yet remember him,44 he having died in the past plague of '56. Now this part of Pullcinella, which in the Greek44 idiom means a chicken thief, was taken to imitate the rustics of Acerra, and, accompanying44 the stupid physionomy with actions, it has become so usual, with joking, with the costume44 which is of coarse hemp, and with the mask, that In Carnival time one sees nothing else44 in Naples but Pulcinellas, each one wishing to act the gracious; but they show themselves44 so insipid that it would be a work of charity to fill the galleys with them. Then they44 make it permissable in the company of ladies, cavaliers and civil people to talk obscenely44 and to perform acts so lascivious and immodest that in comparison with them the Atel«44 lanian obscenities and the wickedness of the ancient comedies and of the Academies of " the Ateniesi, Itafali, Baccanti, and the Lupercal, the Saturnalian and Quinquatrien feasts"would appear most modest."&amp; One might rest content and helieve that Pulicinella was born contemporaneously withTrastullo, Scapino, Francatrippa, and all that excellent legion of buffoons who gaily dancethe tarantella in Callot's engravings. There would be nothing strange or unlikely, nor do Ibelieve that one who should stop at these facts could be criticised as a simpleton. But allthe same it is a fact that no one has stopped there 1 It hurt the eyes to see this personage,all white and spruce, a youth of scarcely three hundred years, and one wanted to surroundhim with a little archeologica! mildew. &amp;&amp; The writer in a Neapolitan paper of 1839 called 'Lo Zibaldone', after having referred, inan article of his on Pulicinella, to the story of Fiorillo, exclaimed, "Oh, what modernity!" he would be a thousand times more precious, even if he were less droll, were he but more"ancient!" and he felt as though he had been born again when he knew that one of theantiquarians most in vogue, Bernardo Quaranta, Professor of Archeology in the Universityof Naples, had published a dissertation with which he proved that Pulicinella dates beckto the Atellanfan fables. But it was not true! Quaranta's dissertation was never published;perhaps, in MS it may exist among the heirs,.... perhaps ! &amp;jg? But all the same, to date Pulicinella back to the exodia of buffoons was npt so new athing 01* so entirely characteristic of Quaranta. The Italian, French and German critics hadsaid and repeated It a century before. Even Doni, already cited, set in his time the nameof Macco near that of Pulicinella; but afterwards Riccaboni, (1731), Flcoroni (1750), andFloge! (1788) went further and held our buffoon as certainly the continuer of the ancientmime. And from that time forward almost all, referring to Pulicinella, have considered himas a descendant of the Atellanian 'Macco'. &amp; &amp; &amp;But if, then, Pulicinella descends from Macco, what do we know of this grotesque (2)person himself&amp; The Gramarian Diomede says, In Atellana (inducuntur) escae personae ut Maccus";and perhaps this actor played the part of the fool, because in Apuleio are these words:" Omnes 1st! quos nominavi, et si quis praeterea fuerunt dolo memorandi, si cum hac una" Rufini fallacia contendantur, macci prorsus et buccones videbuntur ". In some of the notesof the Atellanian fables handed on to us by other gramarians we find Macco mentioned:'Maccus caupo', 'Maccus miles', 'Maccus vurgo', 'Maccus sequester', 'Maccus exul'. Andnothing beyond this, so far as I know, of the progenitor claimed for Pulicinella. Festo oncespeaks of a Mimus alhus ; and Fiogel immediately credits this as being the second name ofMacco: " Macco or wfcite mime".In 1727, excavating on the Esquiline, there was discovered a bronze statuette with silvereyes, with two little globules of silver at the corners of the mouth, with a double humpbefore and behind, a large hanging nose and dressed in a short shirt reaching to abovethe knees. In that statuette Anton Francesco Gori claimed to distinguish Macco; andFlogel applauded the interpretation of the Italian archeologist, adding on his part, •' Whoever" is familiar with the story of the Roman buffoons can from its own aspect easily judge" that this must represent a buffoon ". And, having said this, he leaps to the conclusionin consequence, that the little statue represents the progenital prototype of our Puliclnalla.Klein, .. to speak of more recent things,... applauds also. "A. F. Gori recognised in the" little grotesque bronze figure which was dug up on the Esquiline, a comic Macco, who"has an obvious likeness with the Neapoiitan Pulicinella": but then he here makes aleap which would be pleasing if it were not so common in this ill=arranged book of his:" in any case, " he adds, " in any case a greater resemblance than the comic Roman Atellanianwith the satiric Greek drama \" &amp; jgf &amp; &amp; &amp;Giuseppe Micali, in a painting unearthed at Pompei in which the illustrator of the Bor=home Museum had believed he recognised a scene from the Miles gloriosus of Plautus,supposes instead that it may represent " a comic burlesque scene of the Maccus miles, a most celebrated Atellanian fable: in which case, he continues, one would have in thispainting the masks of that famous Macco and of Btsco, legitimate progenitors of Pulicinellaand of Zanii.&amp; And up to this point, fortunately, they had stopped short at the interpretation of adetermined fact; but they passed on at once to generic affirmations. Schlegel after havingsaid that the first germ of the 4Comedla dell'Arte' Is found in the 'Ateilane', continues :44 Arlecchino and Pulcinella would arouse certainly the greatest marvel in the world were44 it known that they descend in direct line (this is the 'gerader linie' of Flogel) from the44 ancient Romans and also from the Oscans, and this glorious lineage would inspire in them,44 without doubt, an alterigia burlesque. It is, however, certain that there are found on the44 ancient Greek vases, among the grotesque masquers, many costumes very similar to theirs,44 as, for example, wide breeches and a robe with sleeves, which costumes were as foreign44 for the Greeks as for the Romans ". And further on : 44 it is said that there has been 44 vered among the fresco paintings at Pompei the figure of Pulcinella exactly similar to44 the Pulcinella of our times". j&amp; 44 It is said"? and by whom? and on what proofs? The good Tommaso Semmola, aworthy Neapolitan Greek scholar of the middle of the xix century, referring to a walk of hisover the ruins of Suessola, proceeded to say, 44 As confirmation of the extreme antiquity of44 the character of Pulcinella it is helpful to us to consider that, as much in the excavations44 executed at Herculanium as in those already made at different times in the neighbourhood44 of Cum a, among the many very rare things there have been discovered many forms of44 masks made of clay, and among these there are some ugly and ridiculous ones which44 resemble Pulcinella. It might be argued from this that such a character is ancient, and44 that the Atellanians were perhaps the inventors of it". This coming down is curious IOne begins by promising a proof to confirm the fact that the character of Pulcinella is44 most ancient" and one ends by proving that perhaps it is 44 ancient " ! But where arethese 44 ugly and ridiculous " masksAbsolutely ridiculous, again, is a discovery of Carlo Tito Dalbono: 44 We find," he says,44 in the ancient Herculaniun and Pompelan excavations remains of columns bearing at the44 top as capital a head with large ears, open mouth, and sometimes crowned with leaves,44 which from the forehead to beneath the nose is black, then white to the chin. And this44 species of mask has been adopted by the present clay workers as a flower vase. Here44 then is a face in two colours, in short a mask, but a permanent mask. And this is the44 mask of PulcinellaBut in any case then Pulcinella boasts an ancient lineage ! And no one has opposed itbecause it was the universal desire and glory that the noble 'Cetru/o' family should dateback even seventeen centuries and all have saluted with deference the genealogical treewith its ancient branches. Mommsen indicates the etymology of the word maccarone inthe ancient name Maccus; and, speaking of the old Oscan farces does not hesitate to saydestinctly, 44 pulzinellkomodien". A Barnabite lecturer also has wished to find summedup in Pulcinella all the characteristics of the ancient mimes; and one must give himcredit for good will. 44 In our mask, he says, are reproduced, now one and now the other,44 all the distinctive variations of the ancient Mime, and these are: the shaven head which44 was the particular custom of the Sanniones; the stick, (which for Harlequin is changed44 for a spatula) sign of the curved cane of the characters of the ancient comedy, (and here44 is cited the 4Greek Literature' of Mulier); the foot covered by a light sandai usually of44 leather, without heel, which was the footgear of the Planipedi (one may cite the step of44 Biomede 4Planipes graece dicitur Mimus, ideo autem latine Planipes, quod actores plants44 pedibus, idest nudis, proscenium introirent; from which it is clear, instead, that the44 actors came on the stage barefoot) the hoarse and nasal voice, which is preserved entire44 in the Pulcinella of the Piazzas, a survival of the custom of the Latin rope dancers of44 speaking with little globules of silver under the mask". &amp;Certainly I too have seen Pulcinellas with shaven heads but never one who came uponthe stage barefoot or with a wand. Nor should 1 know that the hoarse and nasal voiceof the Pulcinella of today has its distant origin in the globules of silver which certainlyPuicinella does not use now I To the purpose here is an ingenuous confession of a French Journalist of 1834: 44 Policinelle played in the Atelianians. He did not really wear the three44 cornered hat, unknown to the Romans; instead of the closefitting coat and smallclothes44 he was dressed in a tunic, and he wore buskins instead of sabots, which must have taken44 from him a good deal of his comic power: in compensation, at the two corners of his44 mouth tinkled two little silver balls ". &amp; &amp;Even this Oscan origin did not suffice and one incomparably older was assigned to Pul*cinella. Actually they discovered that the vaunted progenitor Maccus was himself only adescendant of the ancient Pulcinella I Yes, gentlemen: Pulcinella belonged to the ancienttribes of Israel I 44 Archeological researches appear to have established, according to some44 embossments and basrelief figures of ancient Egypt, that the first families of Israel who44 came transported into that country some little sculptures of Polichinelles which were44 given to Jacob's children to amuse them in their cradle And this article writer of the44 Magasin Pittoresque " in 1834 only repeated that which from 1812 Millin had said in theMagasin Encyclopedique. And in 1843 a German, Hebenstreit, after having affirmed that44 undoubtedly that personage is a modification of an ancient mask" also repeated theIsraelitish origin. But, for what I know, this hypothesis has had no luck; perhaps it seemsa little rash even to the enemies of 44 modernityWho, therefore is our Pulcinella, and how, where and when was he born ?It is Important to us to ascertain his original. Millin's phrase 44 what do the origin andgenealogy of Pulcinella matter so long as he is gay and amusing " makes us smile withcompassion. And we are not satisfied by the sonorous but empty words of the canon DeJorio, 44 his great grandfather, the origin of his descent, is beyond history and enfolded inthe obscurity of fable ". We want proofs, we want precision and certainty in the factseven in this question of Pulcinella! &amp; Frankly, the real story of the origin of Pulcinella seems to be this:... In the last yearsof the 16th century, among the many players who in those days invaded the piazzas of theItalian cities, there was one who was either a peasant, or wished to counterfeit the peasants,of Acerra. Perhaps he was a countryman gifted with a happy comic and satiric vein butto whom the work of a peasant was less pleasing than his buffooneries, and he came totown and earned his living by stirring up the good humour of the porters and waitingmaids of the Piazza Pendino. He kept to his smock of white linen or pulled out his shirtover his trousers as the boys of the people do when they want to play at soldiers; claspedhis leather belt and fastened there, instead of the big knife or 4smarazzola' a short broadsword as we have seen in Callot's picture. Afterwards a talented comedian, Silvio Fiorillo,who had already rendered himself famous as 4Capitan Matamoros' took that popular typeand from it made a creation of his own. &amp;&amp; And this story finds its confirmation in the extracts cited at the biginning from thosealmost contemporaneous with Fiorillo,.... Giambattista Doni, Giambattista Pacichelli andAndrea Perrucci; and in one legend, not yet extinct, which was recounted with his usualcomic flavour, by the abbot Galiani. I give it from the French versian, not having been ableto see the original: 44 In the last century there was in Acerra, a city of the Happy Country,44 a troup of comedians who wandered about the province to earn something. One day they44 emerged on a country where the peasants were gathering the vintage. As on that occasion44 one drank more than usual and men and women worked together the gaiety was animated44 and each passer-by received a joke. The comedians saw themselves in their turn exposed44to the raillery of the vintagers; but, inured to this exercise, they began to reply and to44 give back sally for sally. Now, among the villagers there was one named Puccio d'Aniello,44 with a comical face, long nose, and swarthy skin ; facetious, moreover, and of a sharp44 Wit". AThe comedians set themselves to amuse themselves specially with him, and he redoubledhis jests and banter. No one wished to give in, and they struggled who should make mostfun of the other; the repartis became sharper; to jokes succeeded cries and hoots; it wasa regular Finally, the countryman got the best of it, and the comedians, ashamed,decided to retire and returned to town astonished. Having recovered from their emotions,they, according to the custom of theatrical folk who draw advantage from everything,thought they could do good business if they engaged in their company this peasant whom they had found so facetious and so witty; therefore they made a proposal to him and heaccepted it. They strolled the country with their new buffoon who succeeded wonderfullyand won admittance everywhere by his witticisms, to which contributed also his drollphysique and his country bearing,.... that is to say, his shirt and trousers of white linen. Thetroupe earned much and the name of Puccio d'Aniello was celebrated. At the end of someyears Puccio died ; but then the comedians replaced him by a companion who appeared inthe same costume and the same mask. lie kept also the old name, but in a modulated formand was called 4Polecenella\ Other comedians followed the example, and soon the mask ofPoleceneila spread over all the theatres of Italy and Europe, (i)&amp; However the finding of Pulcinella on the same soil where once flourished the Atellanianfables is a fact which justifies others in thinking of a historical connection between thetwo dramatic apparitions. Doubtless these coincidences in such distant times are a proofto us of the continuity of the genius of race and it would be absurd to deny the ethnogra®phical connection. The same Galiani, in recounting the legend, 44 seems to believe " saysSaint Beuve, (2) 44 that the spirit of these ancient farces has been able to perpetuate itself Inthe modern original". Also, to explain the apparition of the 4farse cavaiole', some, likeMinturno, at once had recourse to the old Oscan comedies. (3) But between these and thefirst appearance of Pulcinella intervenes a space of seventeen centuries I &amp; &lt;£? jg?&amp; What during this long period has become of Macco, of Pappo, of Bucco, of Manduco? whatof their farces ? Let us search cautiously to retrace, if it be possible, some vestige of theold comedy in the thick fog of the intervening time. &amp;In the heart of our provinces, in Carneval, they yet represent farces with fixed types,and sometimes 4a soggetto'. Now, might these not be yet living relics of the Atellanianplays? Could not these primitive forms of drama, saved from all literary influence by theirdistance from the large cities, indicate to us what was, generally, the popular comedy ofthe middle ages ? Among the people, especially in the country, traditions are faithfullymaintained, and many of the peasant dramatic forms yet living might be the repetition ofthe ancient Oscan farces. The Commedia delPArte might really have been generated inthese rustic farces ; and Pulcinella, a peasant of Gifoni in the Principality of Acerra in theCampania, might have represented the part which his great grandfather Macco had created.And as he from his native Atella came to represent the peasant 'exodia' at Rome in companywith many compatriots, so Pulcinella, from his native village, might have come one fineday into the neighbourhood of Salerno or Naples, and there, fascinated by the successobtained with his Oscan witticisms have drawn around him those other peasants with whom,in the country, he had acted the peasant farces, and have repeated them in the city amidst thehearty laughter of the people. Each of those peasant actors, little by little, took to continuallyrepresenting a particular comic character corresponding to the ancient Bucco or to Pappoor to Manduco ; and thus the fixed types were created, which afterwards by degrees, bymeans of successive actors of a certain culture, were developed and finally remodelled onthe classic originals of Plautus and Terence.&amp; But these, however probable, are only suppositions. (4) &amp;An almost certain Indication of the existence of PuScinelSa, even before the time in whichhe appears in Callot's picture, could be found in some sketch, whether by those skilled ornot in the art of drawing, representing him. We have, however, no coliection of this kind,but an Investigation might be attempted in the old books and illustrated catalogues of themuseums.First of all, the discovery in the Campania of a figure dressed like Pulcinella must notmake us at once cry out 44 Eureka! " Turning over the great volumes on the antiquities ofHerculanium we meet at every step with short togas reaching to the knee and fastened atthe waist with a leather strap. Again, in the bronzes there is a little idol as ornament ofa votive hand, which has even the hat in the style of a 'cappolone V And on the other handeven now the country peasants dress, for their rustic work, like Pulcinella. Travelling along the railway line from Napoli to Nola you will find the district of Acerra peopled bymany Pulcinellas !*&lt;&amp;■ On a column excavated at Pompei was found, engraved with a nail, a little figure ofwhich the dress and movement of the hands have much likeness to Pulcinella. Above iswritten, "Ad amphitheatr Francesco Maria Avellino, who commented on that graphite,says " By his short clothes and the movement of the head and arms one would believe him"at the first glance a comedian or a poet who is declaiming. But the inscription above," which reads 'Ad amphitheatrum' seems to forbid the adoption of such an explanation and"we therefore believe that it may be, in whatever manner expressed, one of the spectators" applauding in the amphitheatre his favourite gladiators. " (i) &amp; &lt;£?&amp; This explanation does not succeed in persuading me. To me it seems that this figuremay rather represent one of those buffoons that they put over the doors of the little theatresof our Molo, to call together the people; and that "Ad amphitheatrum" would exactlycorrespond to our " Tickets!" And much the same as this was thought also by Finati, col«league of Avellino in the Academy of Herculaneum, (2) &amp;&amp; Of far greater importance for us is an earthenware sherd, on which is shaped a headin basrelief, the portrait of Pulcinella. The large aquiline nose, the hump in front, the airof an idiot, the projecting cheek bones, and even the half mask to the level of the mouth,nothing is wanting. But of what date is the terra cotta ? where was it excavated ? Nothingis told us ; The commentator is too much occupied in holding forth on the preadamite originof the art of potting, and he gets rid of us by writing under the picture where Pulcinella'shead is copied, this simple motto, " small Italian plastic figures of buffoon type ", and weremain with that sherd in our hands, without knowing how to attribute any value to it!After all, it is not improbable that a comic Atellanian tradition may have survived, moreor less evident, in the Campania up to the appearance of Pulcinella. Proofs are lacking toassert that he really descends in direct line from Macco and are lacking in like manner toaffirm that, unconsciously, he may have known how to make the Oscan spirit live again asall would have us believe. But it is certain, however, that the modern Pulcinella was bornin the 16th century and that only from that time has he assumed an individual character;which Cerlone completed, with artistic skill, towards the end of the last century. &amp;Pulcinella was amongst our first buffoons to pass the Alps and his name was translatedby the French into Polichinelle, by the English Into Punch, by the Spaniards into Pulichinelo,by the Germans into Pulzinella. But in France they made him change his appearance, gavehim two humps, one in front, the other behind, and dressed him in a fine dress and a threecornered hat, and he was a child's toy. They also wanted to attribute to him a less peasantorigin ; among the laces of the elegant little figure the musty smell of the countrymandispleased them ! Listen to the story, as Octave Feuillet recounts it to the little readers ofthe " Petite bibliotheque blanche." (3) &amp; &amp; " The sailor Pulci and his wife were in despair because they had 110 son. One evening" he swore loudly and she called for the assistance of the Madonna. All of a sudden there6t came from under the bed a cat black as soot and rushed upon the sailor, and in the same mo- " ment a little bird was seen to fly through the room. From the empty cradle a cry arose. The" woman ran to look and found there a little monster, with two humps and with a nose" like a parrot's beak arching over a mouth so wide that it reached to his ears. This magot,"it was our hero himself, the illustrious PuIcineSlo, who later, through love for you, my" child, changed his name to Polichinelle, so that you might more easily be able to pronounce" the name or your friend." No sooner had he grown biggish than he wanted to go to Court." Having a hump, said he, both " behind and before, it Is good that I learn to read and" write ; if it please God I shall become a learned man and I shall have so much wit that"my humps and my ugliness will no longer be seen." And at the Court, for his wittytricks, he was dear to the king, but hated to death by the Majordomo, M. Ernest du Bugolin,whom he often made an object of ridicule. By having defended Naples from an army of ahundred thousand English he aroused the jealosy of the king, and, if it had not been for the princess, the king's daughter, he would have been poisoned. He escaped from Naplesand took his way to Marseilles, and on the way encountered other dangers from whichalso, thanks to his wit, he emerged with a whole skin, 000000 A little beyond Marseilles he was overthrown with his horse Into a snare of brigands,led by Ronflard. But he, the first night, spiked them all on a fork thirty feet long! Onlythe captain was spared, being absent. Pulcinella planted the fork, with the superb gamethreaded on it, up on a cart and entered Chartres, triumphant. There he was led beforethe commissioner, who was,... guess! the very captain Ronflard himself! Pulcinella knewhim by his nose, which was one of those not to be seen every day: a44 tropical" nose ofwhich one could say that it arrived a quarter of an hour before its possessor: it rose in themiddle of his face like a pointed canon or like the beam of a coach, and on the extremitywas planted, like a sentinel, a wart with three rough hairs pointing to the sky. 0 00 Beguiled by the stimulus of greed Pulcinella, invited to supper by the commissioner,accepted and fell into a trap. Put into a dark cell he had as companion of his prison 44 thegoodman Patience ", a puppet showman by profession, and together they succeeded in esca- ping astride the tale of Ronflard's cat 1 And they arrived at Paris, at the Champs Elysees.Patience set up a van, and Pulcinella adapted himself to play a part, on condition, however,that there was another actor resembling the commissioner Ronflard. And every evening heset himself with gusto to beat that longnosed traitor; and daily from Paris, on the cat'stail, he took a flight to Naples to amuse his fellow citizens. Once he returned sad, and hisgood humour was veiled by a cloud of melancholy; he had fallen in love with Columbine,the daughter of Pantaloon. But she, ... cruel... preferred Pierrot, 44 for his interestingpallor" and Harlequin, 44 whose bright colour indicated, she said, admirable heaith ". Andthen he wanted in his company also another player, a woman,.... the ungrateful Columbine.You know, in the wardrobe of the modern puppets there remain only three, Pulcinella,the Captain and Columbine. {\)0 0 0 0 0 0 0 00 And where did this name of Pulcinella originate? 0 0 0 0 00 It has been said that it is derived from a certain Pucio or Puccio d'Aniello, a peasantof Acerra, but 44 it is an error to make it descend from him " observes de Jorico; andMoltedo asks in what calender one has ever encountered this name of Pucio or Puccio I (2)But having admitted that such a name may exist, it always remains to be explained how,and by what etymological means Polecenella can have been derived from Pucio d'Aniello IPucio d'Aniello could at most have become a Puceraniello! Others have said that it is derivedfrom one Paolo CinelH, altered by the pronunciation of the French who came to Naples.But here also, Paolo Cinelli would give, in the French pronunciation, a 4PolsineIIi' whichat most could have transformed itself in Napolitan into Puzeniello, like Polsino is transformedinto Puzino. Raffaello d'Ambra proposes a IIoAAy] x.(much movement) and Moltedo, carrideaway by his thesis to wish, like an imaginary Socrates, that in his house all should beGreek, and 44che sin il can ha secodimeni la sua coda all'uso greco,"admires the etymology of 1.1 oXic , city and itevoc-, , or in Ionian form xavoc, empty fool; asif one should say, 4Buffon of the city'. 00000000 Of all this Greek I do not know what to make. It clashes with every principle of neo-Latin Philology. More fitting seems to me the etymology, proposed by others and acceptedby Settembrini, of 4PuIIiciniello', a most common diminutive of Pulclno, chicken, a namewhich might have been given to the actor sither because he had the voice or mimickedthe appearance: of this the puppet showman's pipe would preserve the 00 The illustrious Bartolommeo Capasso made a very attractive suggestion to me,.... asurname Polliceno. We came across the book 44 The noble families of Naples" by ScipioneAmmirato, and the 44 Discourses on the extinct foreign families, etc " by Don Ferrante dellaMarra, and found these an Oddo or Odone di Policeno or Polliceno, nephew of Pope Martin IV,cavalier of the Council and viceroy of the kingdom of Jerusalem for King Charles I in 1290.But this family died out at once in the kingdom of Naples! however a chronicle of theroyal residence written by Doctor Niccola Ramaglia di Saponara, referring to facts previous to 1572 names a Lucio Pulcinella; the which, "being vicar of the Marsicana Curia, for acertain insult was subjected to inquisition by the curia of the archpriest, and kept manymonths in the prisons of Saponara; and the archpriest then, to make peace with the bishop,forgave him." jgr jgr • &amp; &amp;ug? Who knows if the vicar Don Lucio may not have been the brother or cousin or uncleof the future actor who bequeathed his name to history as an incomparable buffoon ? Whoknows if the imprisonment of Don Lucio may not have determined his relative to seekhis fortune outside Basilicata, putting to advantage his uncommon natural gifts ? And thetradition, which would assign GKoni as the country of the future Cetrulo d'Acerra, renderseven more probable the hypothesis that he may have been of the family of Pulcinella ofwhich a representative in the first half of the sixteenth century, was living in Saponara. Pacichelli. 1693 A correction, " Macco " &lt;£? A supposition. A painting atPomp e i . &amp; &amp; Some moretheories. J£? TommasoSemmola. Carlo Dalbono. Another theory. &amp; Who isPulcinella? A likely origin. A Legend. A historicalconnection. &gt;1 supposition. &gt;4 warning. An eartliern- ware sherd. P iilcinell a'stravels, A French story. Pacio d' A niello 0 A surname44 Polliceno 99 ? 0 (1) De' trattati di musica di G. B. Doni. book II Florence 1763 Chap: 1 page 3.(2) Opera buffa Napoletana page 21. 1 Andrea Perucci " Dell'Arte rappresentativa premiditata ed all' iinprovviso parti due. Naples 1699. page 293=4.2 Don Giacinto Girama " Idea delta storia dell' Italia letterata." Naples. 1723.1 Napoli Sigoorelli, Storia critica dei teatri, Naples 1813, Vol V page 259. (1) L. Moland, Moliere et la cooiedie Italienne. Paris. Didier. 1867. pg 7.(2) Sainte - Beuvc. Causeries du lundi. Paris. Gamier Vol. ii pag 423.(3) L'Arte poetica, Antonio Miturno: for G. A. Yalvassori. 1564. page 16!.(4) Which seem to be corroborated by the most important " farsa d"u Gapitanw 8 Sabiliiaa see "Tradizioni dvammaticbe popolariVittorio Caravelli, Naples 1884. Page 6. (1) F. M. Avelliao. Qsservazioni su talune iscriziooi e disegoi graffiti sulle mura di Pompei, ia the "atti dell'Accademia Ercolaaese. Vol: Vpg. 59.(2) The same. Vol, VI, pg 381.(3) Vie de Polichinelle et sea nombreuses aventures. Octave Feuillet. Paris. Hetzel. (1) La storia dei Burattini. Florence. 1884.(2) For such a name see 4 Le Rime Burlesche". A. F. Grazzini. Firenze. Sansoui 1882. page 419. THEATRICAL REFORM by Gordon Craig. is too much haste about al! this reform, very much too much haste. Nearly everyoneconcerned in it seems to be frightened of time, and in this haste the good energy iswasted.&amp; Each day, week and month we read energetic statements made or hasty conclusions ar- rived at by enthusiasts.Those enthusiasts should pull up and discipline themselves a little. Instead of leapingquickly to conclusions they should begin at the beginning and search for the truth. Thiswould bring them to the end of their lives in a more contented frame of mind than theypromise to reach it at present.&amp; The enthusiasts are the only people who count, but the sum reaches a very low figurewhen they let their enthusiasm carry them away.For example, one enthusiast for the theatre has only to see one performence in the openair with a back-ground of trees, let us say by Ben Greet, to believe that the solution ofthe riddle of the theatre lies in taking the theatre into the open air.Another enthusiast believes that the whole thing is to be solved when the dance is tho- roughly understood.The third believes that it is all a matter of the scenery.A fourth that it is a question of artificial lighting. &amp;&amp; A fifth thinks that it has something to do with socialism and that if plays dealing withthe labour movement are put before the audience the whole theatre will revive.The sixth enthusiast thinks the reproduction of actual life on the stage is the secret.The seventh is convinced that it has something to do with the community and that thecommunal theatre would solve the riddle.An eighth thinks instead that the reproduction of the ancient drama, Greek and Eli- zabethan, in theatres most like to those in which they originated, would solve the riddle.&amp; The ninth enthusiast, (for the Frohmans and the Schuberts are enthusiasts in their ownway) thinks that the whole thing is a question of dollars. And so, as I have said, day after day these voices are heard making these announcementswith all the conviction of the inexpert.Alas, these gentlemen in their haste are of assistence to but one set of people only; tothose who wish to make money out of the theatre.por the clever business man can take any one reform and successfully tackle it and turnit into a good paying concern, because when the show takes place the reform will notbe noticed but only a certain kind of fresh novelty will be sensed. That is just what hewants.'phe open air enthusiasts,... alas, even Mr Coburn, even Mr Ben Greet ... are merelyplaying into the hands of Mr Frohman who comes along with a Joan of Arc and makesfifty per cent for himself and fifty per cent to the score of vulgarity. The Bohemian Club InCalifornia is doing exactly the same. And those enthusiasts, because they get near to Nature,think that they are getting near to the soul of the folk and expect some miraculous folk drama to be the result of the connection of the theatre and its painted face and gaudytrappings coquetting with the brambles and the red wood~trees. In the same way some enthusiasts In Russia, in Germany, in France and in Englandwho are studying the theory of Delsarte and making their limbs nice and supple and pro*ducing dances as sweet as the chocolates In the celebrated box, are but playing into thehands of Mr Frohman and Mr Schubert. They are certainly doing nothing to aid in the rebirthof the theatre. jZ?&amp;Mr Fortuity with his elaborate lighting effects; the young Munich and London artistswith their scenic effects, are serving the cause of the business man.&amp; The Socialist theatre reformer with his ponderous labour plays has, as you see, alreadybeen annexed by Messrs Frohman and Schubert, and we have Mr Frohman's word for it thatit is paying.The reformer with realistic tendencies who reproduces an actual room, actual mannersand other actual sights and sounds will of course be a very useful if rather expensive manto rake in the pounds, shillings and pence for Messrs Schubert and Frohman. JZ?&amp; The first comunistic enthusiast who comes along and succeeds in making even a failureof his first venture will have served Mr Frohman's purpose perfectly well, for Mr Frohman,the great and noble lover of the drama, who is nothing but a business man who should havebeen hustled out of the theatre Song ago, will then at last come to his own and the mob willbe thoroughly In his hands.As I have said before, each of these reformers, taken separately, can be of value to thebusiness man. Taken together they can only crush him. They can only crush him when theycombine, and on the day that they do so I would not give two pins for the cleverestbusiness man on the face of the earth. On that day the theatre will commence to pull itselftogether. &amp;the question of the open air must come to be considered, but it must not beconsidered enthusiastically but coolly and from many different points of view beforeanything.The thing in itself, the idea in itself, creates enthusiasm in whoever thinks about it, butwe must not rush into the open air and begin to wave our arms and quote Shakespeareand think we have achieved something by doing so.This is abominable and utterly unworthy of the good fellows who carry 011 in that way.As I have said, it shows haste. They are frightened of time. They feel they are going to beleft behind. If they did not feel this they would take many more years to consider thequestion, " How to act in the open air and what is the difference of such acting from thatdestined for a roofed theatre " ; and this question leads up to so many other questions thatvery few persons are able to answer them today, and certainly not in a hurry.&amp; So is it with the Dance. What is its actual relationship to the theatre, and, consideringour first question, its relation to the theatre of the open air in distinction to the roofed-intheatre ? No one can hastily don a few Egyptian clothes and, relying upon their personality,come before the world and claim to have discovered a new theatre in a pas-seul. Dancemay or may not have its place in the Art of the Theatre ; most probably it has not; butthis cannot be decided in a hurry. &amp;With painted Scenery and with the lighting of this modern Scene the same judgementhas to be passed. You may not claim to have discovered the new Art of the Theatre on thescore that you have designed and lighted some mysterious scenes.Again because you have dealt with the new Socialistic questions of the day you must notbelieve that you have created a new drama. jZ? jz? JZ?Reform may or may not come through reforming Theatre construction, Dance, Scene,Lighting, Motif of plays, the Box office and Acting: but such reform can only be at allvaluable when the reformers become united in friendship. jZ? jg/ jZ?sz? I hope that before long these enthusiasts who are at present divided will unite andprove again in the history of the theatre the power of real and disinterested enthusiasm. The enthusiasts. Their hlundei. The Strengthof unity. The Dance. JFriendship theonly means ofunity. jz? THREE STAGE CHARACTERS by Gilbert à Becket. THE STAGE NEGRO character of the Negro, as exhibited on the stage, is a strange compound of physicaland moral singularities, that are well worthy the attention of the student of humannature in its dramatic, which is certainly its most astounding form. The Stage Negro seemsto be deeply imbued with the beauties of the British Constitution, and is constantlyindulging in sentiments of gratitude towards England, that must be delighful to the earsof the most patriotic native of our highly-favoured isle. The Stage Negro is continuallyrunning about in an ecstasy ot delight at the reflection, that, " dreckly him put him footon British groun, him free as de air, free as Massa himself: " an announcement which Isusually followed up in an early scene by the Negro receiving a variety of cuffs or kicks(in which, by=th©=bye, he seems to delight) from some of the other characters in the drama.&amp; Sometimes the Stage Negro grows sentimental, and asks, in reference to some cruel prac- tical joke that has been played upon him, uWhether him not a man and a brother; forthough him face black as him coal, him heart white as him lily. " The old constitution-lovingand sentiment-spluttering Stage Nigger is however rapidly disappearing from the stage ;and we get, in these days, very few of those cutting allusions to the traffic in slaves, andthose tender appeals to the equality of the human race which were the charm of the dramaticnegroes of our infancy. The Stage Negro has become a vulgar dancing brute, with a banjoin his hand, and without a bit of sentiment at his heart; a wretch constantly jumping about,wheeling about, and turning about, wholly devoid of that solemn admiration for the BritishConstitution and for the liberating influence of the sands at Margate, or the shingles atDover which we once used to hear with a feeling of pride at being natives of a land thatadmitted of so much puffing on the part of our dramatist. The Stage Negro of the presentday can only indulge in frivolous allusions to Miss Lucy Long, Coal Black Rose, and otherlight characters, or call upon some imaginary individual, of the name of Josey, to Jimalong—a process that we are utterly at a loss to form any conception of.&amp; Thus much for the moral attributes of the Stage Negro, whose physical peculiaritiesremain, for the most part, unchanged ; and to these we can, therefore, turn our attentionwithout any feeling of disappointment, at the alteration which has occured in the intellectualcharacter. The Stage Negro still exhibits that remarkable peculiarity of the skin, which isshown by the dark colour, generally finishing abruptly at the wrist, the hand being perfectlythe same as that of one of the white population. The variety of hues is also very remark- able ; for while the arm is of the colour of a black worsted stocking, the face is somewhatless opaque, and, indeed, it would appear that Nature dealt for her blacking with twodifferent manufacturers, trying Warren for the limbs, and using Day and Martin for thefeatures of the Stage Negro. &amp;&amp;&amp;&gt;&amp;&amp;&lt;£? &amp; THE STAGE LADIES' - MAID. 'Jphe explorer of human nature, who digs into the drama as a mine in which charactermay be discovered, will frequently turn up a quantity of material that he will find muchdifficulty in accounting for. To pursue the simile of the mine,....there cannot, perhaps, be amore extraordinary spadeful than that very singular lump of clay whose denominationforms the title to the present article. £?&amp;&amp;&amp;/&amp;&amp; &amp;&amp; Though all the world is generally admitted to be a stage, it is fortunate that al! theladies'-maids in the world are not stage ladiesVmaids, for if they were there would be anend to all domestic discipline in every house where a lady's-maid might happen to form apart of the &amp; &amp; &amp; /&amp;&amp; A most striking peculiarity in the position of the stage ladies'-maid is the ascendancyshe immediately gains over every one in the house she happens to have got admission into.The only person she condescends to patronise is her young mistress, whom however shenever assists in anything but a love affair; but that even is beneath her notice unless it is clandestine, and terminates in an elopement, which she insists on having the entireconduct of. She permits no scruples of delicacy or propriety on the part of her young lady,who, by-the-by, seldom expresses any stronger sentiment of self-respect than such as maybe implied in the words, " Really, Betty, I tremble at the step I am about to take;" whenthe Ingenious interrogatory of Lor, Miss, what's the use ? " from the stage ladies'-maid,at once removes any feeling of compunction by which the stage young lady may for a mo- ment have been influenced. There Is generally a struggle going on in the mind of thelatter between duty and affection, when the casting vote is demanded from the stageladies'-maid, who black-balls duty at once, and gives a plumper for disobedience. The stageladies'-maid nevertheless receives bribes from the representative of the duty interest,namely the heavy man who receives thirty shillings a week for doing the respectable utility,and talks of having just dined with the minister. While, however, she gains a knowledgeof the heavy man's plans, and accepts from him at every interview a heavy purse filledwith gallery checks, as a reward for her exertions in his behalf; the stage ladies'-maid isurging her young mistress to rush into the threadbare arms of a half-pay captain whomakes love to her, by whistliftg up at the window, following her into the Park, kissingher maid, and practising other elegant little arts which military men—on the stage—areordinarily addicted to. Perhaps, however, the most curious portion of the stage ladies'-maid'sconduct is her treatment of the master of the house, whom she keeps in a state of conti- nual subjection, by an uninterrupted course of insult and violence. She ordinarily addresseshim as an old hunks, shakes her fist in his face, thrusts his hat and cane into his hand,—all the while pushing him towards the door,—when she has any purpose to serve by gettingrid of him. If he begins to talk, she talks him down, so that he can only splutter and say" Whew," but he never thinks of either giving her a month's warning, or paying herwages, and sending her about her business. The stage ladies'-maid never thinks of leavingthe drawing-room when visitors are present, but often remains in it alone to sing a songwith Swiss variations, which must be heard all over the house to the great disturbance ofthe family. In dress she always excels her mistress, and frequently wears very thin whitemuslin over pink satin, the muslin being open all the way down the back, and an apronwith pockets of very recherche embroidery.In conclusion she generally marries somebody because " she don't see why she shouldn'tdo as her young mistress does;" and she sometimes unites herself to a low-comic country- man, whom she has been snubbing ail through the piece, but who, when he has a chanceof being accepted, looks like a great fool, and says, * Well, I doant noa, thou beest woundypratty," which is at once clutched at as an offer of marriage by the stage ladies'-maid,who sings a couplet, or speaks a " tag," makes a curtsey before the fall of the curtain,and retires to her dressing-room, without saying a word to the iow-comic countryman,whom she has just promised to share the remainder of her existence with. THE STAGE SEAMAN. an, in his relation to the boards of a minor theatre, is a very wonderful animal. Curious,indeed, are the creatures that breathe the dramatic air. and inhabit [the set pieces ofscenic life, ranging the canvas woods, and sauntering in the practicable groves, listeningto the warbling woodlark in the band, or being summoned to the field of glory by a trum- peter standing at the side scenes. Man, in this state, defies the sagacity of the IngeniousPritchard, who flies flabbergasted from the contemplation of a being so utterly subversiveof all the usual theories.&amp; Perhaps the habit of holding the mirror up to nature, may account for the upsidedown- ishness which is so often met with in a dramatist's view of humanity; for let the readerseize a dressing-glass—which is more convenient than a mirror—and hold it up to theceiling—which is more come-at-able than nature—and the reflection will puzzle him as towhether he is on his head or his heels. His writing-table will appear sticking to the roofof the appartment; the lamp in the centre of his room will seem to be standing on thefloor; and his fire will be blazing away over, instead of underneath, his chimney-piece.This practice, therefore, of holding up a mirror to anything, is calculated to throw an airof topsyturvlness over the object reflected; and thus, as it has been just observed, may &amp; To return, however, to the British seaman, as he used to he according to the 25th ofGeorge the Second, and as he Is according to the license of the Lord Chamberlain. TheBritish seaman tells everybody he meets to " Belay, there;" which we find, by a referenceto a dictionary of sea-terms, is making a rope fast by turns round a pin or coil withouthitching or seizing it. He calls his legs his timbers, though timbers, in nautical language,mean ribs; and he is continually requesting that they may be shivered. He is always eitheron terms of easy familiarity with his captain or particularly mutinous, and is often in lovewith the same young lady as his superior officer, whom, in consequence of their affectionsclashing, he generally cuts down to a mere hull, as he technically expresses it. He callsevery elderly person a grampus, and stigmatises as a land-lubber every individual whosepursuits do not happen to be nautical. When at sea, though only a common sailor, thestage tar is the most important personage in the vessel; and the captain frequently retiresto the side of the ship—sitting, probably, on a water-barrel—in order to leave the entire deck at the service of the tar, while he indulgesin a naval hornpipe. The dramatic seaman usuallywears patent leather pumps and silk stockingswhen on active service; and, if we are to be- lieve what he says, he is in the habit of sittingmost unnecessarily on the main topgallant In astorm at midnight, for the purpose of thinkingof Polly. us/When he fights, he seldom condescends toengage less than three at a time: and if the actionhas been general a moment before, he has thefield all to himself, as If by general consent,directly he evinces any disposition for a combat.If there is a battle, he wins it personally, without the aid of anybody else; and he treats the admiral as if he were a mere cipher,—as in fact he is, for he generally comes in when all is over, at the head of his staff, topromote the British seaman, and to tell him that his country owes him a debt of everlastinggratitude. If the tar is a married man, he invariably leaves his Polly without the meansof paying her rent; and when he returns, he generally finds her rejecting the dishonourableproposals of a man in possession, who is making advances either on his own account or asthe agent of a libertine landlord. In these cases the British seaman pays out the executionwith a very large purse heavily laden at both ends, which he indignantly flings at theshark, as he figuratively describes the broker's man, who goes away without counting themoney or giving any receipt for it. The stage-tar sometimes carries papers in his bosomwhich, as he cannot read, he does not know the purport of; and though he has treasuredthem up, he has never thought it worth while to get anybody to look at them, but hegenerally pulls them out in the very nick of time, in the presence of some old nobleman,who glances at them, and exclaims, 44 My long-lost son ! " at the same time expanding hisarms for the tar to rush into. Sometimes he carries a miniature, and finds in some titleddame a mother to match it; or pulls up the sleeve of his jacket, and shows a stain of port- wine upon his arm, which establishes his right to some very extensive estates, and convictsa conscience-striken steward of a long train of villanies. At the close of his exploit it iscustomary to bring in the union jack (nobody knows why it Is introduced or where it comesfrom), and to wave it over his head, to the air of 44 Rule Britannia." The formetnegro. J&amp; The modernnegro. &amp; His physicalpeculiarities. &amp; A sti ikingpeculiarity1' With her master Her marriage . Holding up theminor to nature. When at Sea, Ris return. THE THEATRE IN GERMANY, HOLLAND, RUSSIA &amp;ENGLAND &amp; A Series of Letters fromGordon Craig. Letter three. GORDON CRAIG. jy|y dear Semar,You ask me how I feel after my thirdvisit to Moscow. I feel tremendous for I fee!that I have found friends. &amp; &amp; &amp;And not friends who are merely willingto accept me when I do as they want, butfriends who are willing to follow me whenI do as 1 want, and, indeed, it then becomesso easy to do as we all know is best.... thatis to say, the most difficult, not the easiestthing,.... and to make dangerous progressinstead of accepting safe stagnation. &amp;In the production of " Hamlet" in Moscowwe are all doing as we think best. The car- penters, dress makers, actors and stage ma- nagers are all working, not merely in har- mony, ... for that in the theatrical dictionarymeans everybody's being horribly tactful andnothing else, but with an enthusiastic andharmonious activity which it seems impossi- ble to break. £/ jgr &amp; &amp;We have experienced several attempts tobreak this harmony on the part of enviouscreatures who have nothing better to dothan create discord, but so far every attempthas broken itself against itself. &amp; &amp;jg&gt; For about a year the papers have beenfull of delicate little paragraphs hinting atthe discord which reigned in the theatre, atthe differences between the directors andmyself, at the fantastic demands which Imade upon the actors and so forth.jg/ All these frantic little paragraphs createdquite a stir in Moscow and St Petersbourg,and after a year the directors of the theatregave an interview to the leading Moscowpaper (a copy of which I send to you,) on thelast day of the theatre's season, (i)jg? One reason why it is so nice entering thisRussian theatre to commence work is thatone goes there with the thorough confidencethat there is going to be no ill - feelinganywhere about, no stiffness which will pre- vent exchange of thought, no conceit whichwill baulk progress and lead to ** scenes ".jg? At first, having the experience of so manyother theatres in my mind, I was overcautiousin making certain suggestions as to the treat®ment of the play, for I felt that such verynice people did not deserve to be rubbed upthe wrong way if by being a little carefulone could avoid doing so. But I found thatone could entirely forget the old and worn- out methods of the other theatres whenthinking of this theatre and that I could relyon it to the very utmost. jg?&amp; They meet all suggestions and all propo- sals with an open mind, and, knowing me asyou do, you can well understand that thismust be the case or I should not have stayedfor five days You can understand that mypraise of this theatre cannot be at all exagge- rated for you know that I have relinquishedwork in theatres time after time where themanagement was so thick - headed or sostupid that it was unable to see that whatI was bringing them was of value. jg/I shall work in London only when I canget the conditions which the Moscow ArtTheatre can give and has given me; that isto say, when I can come into the theatre,change the proscenium if 1 wish, cut or leaveuncut the play if 1 wish, use a curtain ordiscard the curtain if 1 wish, take a yearover the production of a play, or two yearsif necessary; select a first-class staff to workunder me who have no other work exceptthe one play which I am producing; experi- ment and have experiments made to theextent which I think necessary in the mat- ters of scene, costume, acting and lightingupon a full-sized model stage made in thetheatre and kept in special quarters entirelyfor my own use, and when 1 meet with amanager who will bring his troupe and meinto such chose union and such perfect har- mony as I have experienced at the Art The- atre in Moscow whose leader is ConstantinStanislawsky. &amp; jg? jgr jg?You will probably write me that you seeno reason why this should not be so in Lon- don and, as you have frequently done before,you will express your surprise that I am sooften complainig about the English theatre.But, bless your heart, my dear Semar, doyou think I should complain if 1 had foundthings as they ought to be ? Mismanagementhas made it impossible for a long timefor me to dream of doing work in London. 1 have got past the time when it is amu- sing for me to paint scenery for some ma- nager who wants to make a show, or whenI feel flattered that one or two of my ideasshall be seen on the stage and spoken of inone or two morning papers, I have my workvery seriously at heart, and in regard to noland do I consider it so seriously as in re- gard to England.I want England to have the first theatrein the world, and there are plenty of men inEngland who, when brought together underone banner, can be trusted to produce thattheatre. &amp; £? &amp; &amp;But the conditions must not be the con- ditions which rule in the English theatretoday. There must no longer be this appal- lingly happy-go-lucky rule. As I have said foryears, we must choose a master of stage craftand we must go through with him. When wehave the pluck to do that we shall have takenanother step towards the betterment of theEuropean theatre, as well as our own EnglishTheatre.Talking about the European theatre, youprobably get an idea when I write to youfrom Russia that this Moscow theatre is akind of European theatre. That Is to say,you perhaps compare it with the theatresof Paris and Berlin. But do not do so, for thistheatre stands quite alone. The Paris andBerlin theatres are quite unimportant by theside of it. You will know what I mean whenyou come here, and then the theatres ofParis and Berlin, even those advanced thea- tres there, will be blotted out of your me- mory. &amp; &amp;This is the impression you will receive asone of the audience, but should you be sofavoured as to have the advantage of workingamongst these noblemen of the stage you willsee something far more wonderful than whatthe audience sees. You will see for the firsttime in your life an organised theatre ; notmerely a mechanical but a living orga=&gt;nisation, without all the weaknesses whichbelong to such bodies as a rule. &amp;My dear John, I am using a single scenefor " Hamlet". Conceive the outcry whichwould follow if 1 said to a London managerthat I intended to use one scene only in aplay! He would begin to writhe and look atme as if I were some strange mad thingwhich it was his duty to tame. &amp; Why, years ago, I remember, when I saidthat the footlights must be removed he look- ed at me as if he would die. Yet we haveremoved the footlights at Moscow so whatis there to be said ? Either I was right or Iwas wrong; at Moscow they find that I amright. And, having proved this to people, whatthe dickens is the good of the London ma- nagers always crying out about the impos- sible ?It is just the same with this matter ofusing one scene throughout the play. Of courseI have had time to demonstrate the value ofusing one scene instead of using a lot ofpainted scenery and I could do so in Londonor in New York or in Samoa if time were atmy disposal. But time is one of the thingswhich the London manager refuses to giveeither you or himself. &lt;£?And when I say that I am going to haveonly one scene in " Hamlet " you must notimagine that I am reverting to that old ideaof mine (which I have now put aside), of usinga set of curtains suspended from a greatheight. &amp;Our family has never been very keen aboutdishing up old things. We like to go on ; andso I am making use of a Scene which I be- lieve you have mentioned before In The Mask.It is the same scene which W. B. Yeatsis going to use in Dublin for his poetic dramaand which my mother will use when shenext produces the 44 Merchant of Venice.It has proved itself to be quite useful,this Scene, and not merely useful as a make- shift, but useful in a sense that it containsthe several impressions which are necessaryin plays that differ so widely in characteras 44 Hamlet " and 44 Tartuffe ". &amp;&amp; I am perfectly willing that any managerin England or America should make use ofthis Scene, but if he does so he must be ina position to give it his time and conside- ration. &amp; &amp;This will enable him to test its value. (1) We tfaiHk this o? sufficient interest to reprint and it will tefound on page 41. BOOK REVIEWS LANDMARKS IN RUSSIAN LITERA- TURE by Maurice Baring. Meihuen &amp;Co. 6/- net.'jphose who have never lived among theRussian people will never quite feel thedelight of Russia by studying it in books.The best books about Tolstoi can give nopossible idea of the unpretentious Russiathat he represents. The same can be said ofnearly all the Russian artists,... of Dostoi- evsky and of Gogol and of Tchekov.One must always remember that there isno such thing as 4GogoI Esqre' or 4Sir AntonyTchekov' among the Russians. Their artistsdo not enter the field in search of success.Having no abnormal sense of economy suchas is possessed by other nations they spendtheir talents lavishly, and talents have acurious way of augmenting the moment youbegin to spend them.Therefore it seems to me a very difficultthing for the English to understand whatit is that quickens the creative faculties ofthe artists of Russia. &amp;Perhaps the best thing to do is for theEnglish reader to turn a mental somersaultand look at everything upside down. By thisprocess he will be looking at things the rightway up, and when he is in that position hewill be better situated for the task of com- prehending feelingly the natural artistry ofthe Russians. &amp; Now this is a position which the English- man refuses to get into, so it is no usetalking any further about it.&amp; Mr Maurice Baring's book, to come backto that, has given me very great pleasureindeed; but how much pleasure he will giveto those who have not lived in Russia isdifficult to estimate for the reasons which Ihave already given. &amp;&amp; His last chapter about the plays of Tche- kov which have been placed on the stage inso masterly a manner by the Moscow ArtTheatre strikes me as very unfair to the theatre although probably Mr Baring Is notIn a position to know that he is at all unfair.I have noticed that The Mask is alwaysto the fore in drawing a clear line betweenwhat may be called the work of the theatreand the work of the dramatist, and that forthe first time for many years both thestrength and the weakness of the theatre arebeing shown up, whereas in most books andjournals in which you read of the theatreor of dramatic literature you are never surewhat you may lay to the credit of the theatreand what to the credit of the dramatist. The Mask, in being so jealous for thetheatre, has inspired many of its writers,myself among the number, with a sense of thevalue of this jealousy; and so when I comeacross passages in this last chapter of MrBaring's admirable book attributing to Tche- kov things which have to be attributed toStanislawsky and his craftsmen at the MoscowArt Theatre I am only sorry to find yetanother writer making a somewhat unjustrecord for future generations as to the right distribution of the honours. &amp; &amp;&lt;£? Had Mr Baring know as much of the thea- tre as he knows of dramatic literature hewould probably have divided this last chap- ter into two parts. In the first he wouldhave confined himself to the play as a workof literature, and in the second to the playas a performance. As it is he is alwaysattributing to Tchekov that "atmosphere"which has certainly not been created byTchekov alone.&amp; It is true that he speaks of the interpre- tation of Tchekov's plays at Moscow as astage triumph, but the details which go tomake up that triumph he attributes toTchekov, and It is the details about whichhe is so enthusiastic.... 44 These nothings, "as he calls them. &amp;For instance, speaking of the 44 ThreeSisters" he writes, &amp; &amp;44 I have never seen anything on the stage44 so poignantly melancholy as this last scene.44 In this play, as well as in others, Tchekov,44 by the way he presents you certain frag- 44 ments of people's lives, manages to open a44 window on the whole of their life. In this44 play of 44 Three Sisters " we get four44 glimpses. A birthday party in the first act;44 an ordinary evening in the second act; in44 the third act a night of excitement owing44 to a fire in the town, and It is on this night44 that the love affair of Vershlnin and Masha 44 culminates in a crisis; and in the fourth act44 the departure of the regiment. Yet these44 four fragments give us an insight, and open44 a window on to the whole life of these44 people, and, in fact, on to the lives of44 many thousand people who have led this44 life in Russia. &amp;" Tchekov's plays are as interesting to44 read as the work of any first-rate novelist.44 But in reading them, it is impossible to44 guess how effective they are on the stage,44 the delicate succession of subtle shades and44 half-tones, of hints of which they are com- 44 posed, the evocation of certain moods and44 feelings which it is impossible to define,....44 all this one would think would disappear in44 the glare of the footlights, but the result is44 exactly the reverse. Tchekov's plays are a44 thousand times more interesting to see on44 the stage than they are to read."&amp; Now you see in this passage he certainlyleaves one with the impression that theseplays are wonderful on no matter what stagethey may be played, for he says, generalising,"Tchekov's plays are a thousand times more44 interesting to see on the stage than they are44 to read." Whereas they have been provedto be very uninteresting to see upon anystage except that of the Moscow Art Theatre.For instance, a play called 44 The Seagull "by Tchekov was performed at the ImperialTheatre at St Petersberg and met with nosuccess. 44 The reason being, " writes Mr Ba- ring, 44 no doubt that the actors did not quiteenter into the spirit of the play", and hegoes on to say that 44 as soon as it was playedin Moscow it was triumphantly successful."And having written this passage he yet doesnot see the importance of revising his wholechapter so as to do full justice to the Europeantheatre when it does happen to distinguishitself as in the case of Moscow. &amp;&amp; It is not enough to say that actors do44not quite enter into the spirit of the play".To enter into a spirit and to translate thatspirit to others are quite separate tasks. Goodreaders can enter thoroughly into the spiritof a play seated at home in their arm chairs,but that is a very different thing from inter- preting that play to the public. It is the habit for the author of a dramaticpiece to assist in the production of his play.When the Moscow Art Theatre set out toproduce the plays of Tchekov the authorunderstood that he was not to come to thetheatre till the last rehearsal. It is for this reason that "Tchekov's playsare a thousand times more interesting tosee on the stage than they are to read." But so far as I know there is only one theatre where this holds good, for it is a theatrethat desires honestly and sympatheticallyto interpret the soul of a play at whateverpersonal expense.In London, in Paris, in Berlin or in Vienna,no matter at what theatre the play shouldbe produced, something other than the spiritof the play would thrust itself forward.In London a moral or socialistic veneerwould be added to the piece, and woulddestroy its beauty; or some actor managerwould use it for the expression of a personalityhe does not possess. &amp; &amp;I have already said that in order to un- derstand what Russia is, one must live inRussia, and 1 can add here that it is ofno use for people to try to guess vaguelywhat the Moscow Art Theatre is; they mustgo and see it themselves,... or they mustinvite it to come to London. &amp; There has been for some time much talkabout the foundation of a French Theatre inLondon, and Madame Rejane was only theother day speaking of this possibility.But why? What would the French theatrebring us that we do not already know ?Far better would it be to establish a\Russian Theatre in London. &amp;The fact of not knowing the Russian lan- guage makes no difference whatever. TheEnglish people ought to know that by thistime. The Sicilians have visited them twoyears running; the Japanese have visitedthem, and the language has been in each casethoroughly understood, •., that is to say, thelanguage of the acting. &amp; &amp; &amp;There is no doubt about it that some daywe shall have an international theatre, andthen it will be a capital day for all thosewho have any talent to show; but a day ofweeping and gnashing of teeth for thosehundred and one odd theatres in Londonwhich have nothing to show,.... no talent,no adventure. J&amp; &amp; &amp; THE PLAYGOER AND SOCIETY. 6dMonthly. London &amp; &amp; &amp;Playgoer and Society continues tobe well printed and well illustrated andinterests us increasingly as we recognise init the endeavour, by the inclusion of outsidetopics, to widen the horizon (so narrow with the majority), of those connected with thetheatre, to interest them in something beyondtheir own small daily round. &amp;Few theatrical journals do this, but inThe Playgoer and Society we find quite anumber of pages devoted to really interestingmatters. &amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp;•£?We find Mr Wallace L. Crowdy, for instance,supplying a 44 Connoisseurs Note Book ".Therein he speaks of Whistler, who isprobably unknown to the Professional Actor,and his quotation from that master is a thingso well worth bringing to the notice of thoseworking in the theatre that we repeat ithere:—44 Industry in art is a necessity:... not a44 virtue.... and any evidence of the same44 in the production is a blemish, not a quality;44 a proof, not of achievement, but of abso- 44 lutely insufficient work, for work alone44 will efface the footsteps of work. "&amp; 44 The work of the master reeks not of44 the sweat of the brow suggests no44 effort.... and is finished from its begin- 44 ning."&amp; 44 The completed task of perseverance only44 has never been begun, and will remain44 unfinished to eternity.... a monument of" goodwill and foolishness. There is one that44 laboureth, and taketh pains, and maketh44 haste, and is so much the more behind. "44 The masterpiece should appear as the44 flower to the painter.... perfect in its bud44 as in its bloom with no reason to44 explain its presence, no mission to fulfil,44 a joy to the artist, a delusion to the phi- 44 lanthropist, a puzzle to the botanist, an44 accident of sentiment and alliteration to44 the literary man ". &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; And again, ... and how this applies to thehotch-potch of the theatre, where painter,musician and poet all lend a hand !.... hereminds us how Whistler disdained to givehis harmonies and symphonies popular namesborrowed from the literary man because,44 Even commercially this stocking of your44 shop with the goods of another would be44 indecent custom alone has made44 it dignified. Not even the popularity of44 Dickens should be invoked to lend an adven- 44 titious aid to art of another kind from his.441 should hold It a vulgar and meretricious44 trick to excite people about 44Trotty Veck"44 when, if they really care for pictorial art44 at all, they would know that the picture44 should have its own merit, and not depend44 upon dramatic, or legendary, or local in- 44 teres!". &amp; &amp; &amp; 44 Art should be independent of all clap- 44 trap.... should stand alone, and appeal to44 the artistic sense of eye or ear, without44 confounding this with emotions entirely44 foreign to it, such as devotion, pity, love44 patriotism, and the like. "&amp; All this, and much else which Mr Crowdycites or says is well worth the serious con- sideration of the workers in the theatretoday; we hope he will continue to contributethese interesting pages and that the actorsand actresses will not avoid reading them,for when the actor and actress know a littlemore about the other arts, and the indepen- dence of those other arts, they will becomediscontented with the existing state of thetheatre, and so discontent may lead to therealisation of the necessity for reform.The Playgoer and Society is well worthits sixpence, and promises to be the leadingLondon theatrical journal. THE BANG. Weekly. 5 cents.**jphe readers of The Mask may probablynever have heard of The Bangt a weeklyjournal published by Alexander Harvey onthe tenth floor of No. 140, West 29th Street,but they should certainly buy the numberdated April 25, 1910. &amp;&amp; It contains but one long essay, the subjectbeing Mr Laurence Irving as Monsieur Du- pont. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;It is impossible to give the exact idea ofthe quality of this journal without quotingfrom its pages. Here ,then, is the first passageof the essay 1 &amp;To the flawless art of Laurence Irving inthe part that dominates 44 The Three Daugh- ters of Monsieur Dupont," the memoir writersof our time will pay tributes no less glowing,no less merited than were accorded ElizabethBillington by the British diarists of the lateeighteenth century. As 44 Monsieur Dupont,"Laurence Irving breathes into his art a spiritas fine as that of Mounet-Suliy. &amp;Merely to see Laurence Irving emerge uponthe stage in his make-up for this part is tobecome conscious of the relation of his artto our personal affairs, for he makes us un- derstand a type of character. There is anirresistible and arresting humanity in themere stroking of his whiskers as 44 MonsieurDupont". Laurence Irving strokes those whis- kers with an inerrant ease and an Instinctiveinevitability that proclaim the hand of themaster. A detail, this, a trivial detail. Hestrokes those whiskers unconsciously, gravely. An art less finished would stroke the whis- kers grotesquely, in defiance of the sense ofproportion so much admired by Nietzsche.Laurence Irving strokes the whiskers withall the restraint of the Greek intellect as itfinds expression in the master pieces of tra- gedy. Were he not to stroke the whiskersthere would be something lacking in his44 Monsieur Dupont " precisely as were thereno knocking at the gate in Macbeth, we shouldmiss an impalpable and indescribable essence.Laurence Irving's stroking of those whiskersis sufficient to proclaim him a great inter- preter. He does not make 44 Monsieur Dupont"absurd in the gesture. He actualizes him,renders the man of common clay like our- selves, weds the sublime with the ridiculous,and leads us at the outset of the piece toanticipate the greatest things. I have readsomewhere that no mortal could say 44 oh I"so poignantly as Demosthenes. Certainly, noactor on any stage ever stroked or couldstroke the whiskers of 44 Monsieur Dupont"as Laurence Irving strokes them. They areridiculous, those whiskers, inches long, pen- dent to the shoulder from each cheek, hungrywhiskers, cheap whiskers, but as LaurenceIrving strokes them they acquire the tragicalsignificance of the gadfly that torments Io inthe Prometheus Vinctus. &amp; /HARPER'S MONTHLY. //-. London&amp; New Yotk.J-j arper's Monthly continues to be one ofthe best of the illustrated magazines. Ithas individuality and vitality, and, havinglived for sixty years, one hopes may live forsixty more. &amp;All the same, there is nothing so goodthat it cannot be better, and in turning overthe pages of the last number an impressionwas conveyed of something detracting, if buta little, from its quality.... an impressionbest described as one of pervading sadness.Why are so many of its contributors,(especially the feminine portion), so sad ?Why, to quote the opera ditty, 44 do thesemournful ladies sigh" so heavily upon somany of its pages? The most admirable thingin life is pluck, and if ladies are bent onwriting, drawing, acting and playing let theirart be gay, not sadder than that of theirrivals. &amp;Consider, for example, this present numberof Harper's. &amp; &amp;It opens excellently with a charming and exhiierating article about Marseilles and setsus on our way in a cheerful breezy mood.&amp; But on page 13 the mist gathers. A ladytakes up her pen, and she sighs heavily asshe sets before us a picture of an 44 uglycheerless twilight", 44 bleak skies and rawwinds " as the scene of her 44 Romance", andwe also sigh and our spirits fall a degreeor two. jz/On page 22 another lady comes forward,nd we can almost hear her groan as shewrites, and when she does not groan shesighs. It is really very sad.One turns over some more pages; it allseems rather pathetic, rather lacking in thejoy of life. Then we reach page 107 wherethere is a very sad story by a [lady namedMuriel, and on page 148 another lady namedAlice sobs through three verses as she tellshow her lover left her,... a subject on whichone would have counselled the utmost reti- cence and a good smile for the world.Then the pictures ! The illustrators choosethe most pathetic bits to portray. The worstis on page 19 where we are shown a girl onher knees by her bed, crying 44 till her headwas heavy, " and we long to beg her to cheerup. .. For what is the ;good of all this ? &amp;There are doubtless plenty of men quiteas down on their luck as the gentlemen whoclasps his head so despairingly on page 73.There are quite a number of girls whoselovers have left them or lovers who havebeen left by their girls, but if they had anygrit they were no doubt at their usual placesnext morning and all the succeeding mor- nings, and no one any the wiser, and onecan imagine that these people who know sowell what real pain and real discipline aremust feel rather resentful when they turnto books or to the theatre or to pictures tobe braced, distracted, refreshed, and are metwith sighs and groans and floods of tearsiHarper's has always been so excellent ajournal that it is perhaps rather impertinentfor one to find fault with it,.... what per- fect printing, what admirable drawings, whata genius in Howard Pyle, what a splendideditor !.... only the tearful ladies detractfrom the whole effect,.... just a little ... I FOREIGN NOTES PARIS J. de S. great excitement of the season hasbeen Mile. Anna Palovna's return to theOpera House in her charming dances, andwith her M. Orloff and other gentlemen whodance, and with them M. Benois, M. Bilibineand other gentlemen who paint.&amp; The result has been something quite char- ming, and, thank goodness, quite unimpor- tant. j£/ j!C/ jg}In Paris we feel so much the charm ofthe unimportant.Here is M. Orloff dressed up by M. Benoisleaping charmingly in the air and eventuallycoming down again upon the wooden boardsof the Opera House. It is that which is soentrancing. We never forget the boards. &amp;&amp; Here in Paris we may boast of havingcreated an ideal but a valueless theatre.&amp; We have always raved over the idioticprovided it was charming.,^The Russian Ballet is a queer thing madeup of pretty music, very pretty ladies, whoare very light on their feet, pretty costumesand compares pretty favourably with the balletof the last two hundred years. But should westop to compare it with the ballets of theRenaissance and the ballets of the Greeks,then, if report speaks and shows correctly,the Russian ballet can be described as trash.That it is the first ballet in Europe isnothing in its favour. It it were the lastthere might be something to think about.^ LONDON G. H. has reached here from New York ofthe downfall of the Theatrical Trust.If it is true, the New York Review hasprobably had something to do with it, Butit is rather a bad prospect for England forit seems likely that all the Trustees will takerefuge in Briton.&amp; Report says that the Schubert Brothershave played an important part in this battleagainst the Trust. But what of the Schubert Brothers themselves? Have they a very splen- did record of artistic achievement in theirbooks ? Or are their books only concernedwith figures, even as the Trust was onlyconcerned with figures ?It is nothing that business men shouldhave given place to other business men. Whatis wanted is that the business men shouldgive place to the artist. The whole questionis so very simple and so very profitablewhen looked at rightly that it seems sheer follyof the business men to stand in their ownlight any longer.jy^r Forbes Robertson has been trying toform a committee in New York for thefurtherance of the movement for the estab- lishment of the proposed National Theatrein London. &amp;Naturally he has been unable to achieveanything. jg?He ought to go to Germany and try tocollect funds for the same purpose, or perhapsto Italy. &amp; jgrIt is not a new idea, this of going roundwith the hat for national enterprises, but thiskind of thing strikes us as rather a pityeven when it is only practised at home inEngland. jgr jg/But when one goes abroad confessing thatone's nation,... the richest nation on earth....has not got enough money to spare (or towaste) for a National Theatre, only two impres- sions can be forthcoming ;.... Either thatthe nation is uncommonly ignorant of whatis good for itself, or that the idea of a Na- tional Theatre strikes the nation as tom- foolery.Therefore it seems hardly a sensible thingto do to go round the world advertisingeither of these two facts as Mr Robertson is doing. COPENHAGEN. O. R. ''jphe Danish Open Air Performances aretaking place in the pretty and romanticwood "Pyrehaven" about four miles fromCopenhagen and near the "Oeresund".The stage is very simple, being only agrass-covered hill, where a natural semicircleis formed by the majestic centenarianbeeches which surround it. &amp;&amp; In closest and happiest accordance withthe ancient northern sentiment which reignsupon the historic soil of these regions, thefirst play produced was the fine and powerfuldrama 41 Hagbarth and Sign©'% the work of the Sate poet laureate Adam Oehleijschl&amp;ger,the great Danish bard; the reviver of thenorthern Saga-era.... the age of the Vikings.&lt;£? The first performance was given on June4th before a large and enthusiastic audienceand was entirely successful owing to thebeauty of the surroundings, the mystery ofthe half-dark woods, and, above all, to thedeep and religious sincerity with which thepiece was produced.The stage management, the work of MrPoul Nielsen of the Royal Theatre in Copen- hagen, was really finely done, being In closesympathy with the scheme of open air per- formances, all stage apparatus and mechanismbeing absolutely avoided, since the meaning*of Out-of-Door Stage Art is and must be, notto attain realistic effects, naturalistic imita- tions or scenic illusion; not even to replacethe imagination of the stage with the abso- lute truth of nature, but merely to create agreat and memorable impression of poetryand nature combined. The purpose is not tosmuggle nature into art but to introduce artinto nature; to reawaken the old myths andmysteries of earth and air; to make the woodsalive with beauty and poetry. Of course Na- ture is not to be the refuge for unsuccessfulattempts at stage realism, and the Open AirPerformance is no desperate innovation ofthe struggling in-doors theatre. &amp; The leaders of this national and admirableenterprise are, the prominent literary histo- rian Mr Vilhelm Anderson of CopenhagenUniversity, whose charming works on nor- thern classic poetry have made his namewidely known, and Mr Adam Poulsen, who,with his brother, Mr Johannes Poulsen, bothexcellent actors of the Danish national theatre,is taking a leading part in the dramas.Other parts are successfully performed by MrJohannes Nielsen and by the actresses MrsBlad and Mrs With. &amp;&amp; On either side of the stage stand two gi- gantic ravens carved in wood and coveredwith plates of copper, grim and sinister asthe ominous symbols of the days of the hea- then gods, and each bearing on his head abowl in which burn sacred flames. These arethe work of the well-known Danish artist,Mr Willumsen. &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; In the auditorium built on the naturalamphitheatre of the hillside around the stage,there is place for more than four thousandspectators ranged on simple wooden benches,with, above their heads, the waving leaves and th© wonderful summer sky of these sunny days. MOSCOW a report which has had a very livelyexistence in Moscow concerning an ima- ginary disagreement between Stanislawskyand Gordon Craig has also spread to Englandwe take the opportunity of publishing thetranslation of an Interview which the Directorof the Artistic Theatre in Moscow,V.S. Neniirevitch Dantchenko, gave to a repre®sentative of the leading Moscow journal.TRANSLATION OF THE INTERVIEW|t is known that 44 Hamlet" is being put onthe stage at the Koudojestvenniy Theatreby C. S, Stanislawsky and Gordon Craig. &amp;g? V. S. Nemirovitch tells many interestingthings about Gordon Craig's views and work*44 First of all I must confess that I amgreatly surprised at various articles whichappear every now and again in newspaperswhich speak of certain disagreements betweenus and Gordon Craig. The reports spread bythese articles are entirely without foundation.There are no disagreements whatever. Craigis quite an exceptional stage director. Gene®rally a stage director works together withan artist. &amp; &amp;44 Now Craig unites in one person thedirector and the artist. 4? &amp;44 The stage director who unveils the spiritof the author gives a detailed psychologicalanalysis of the parts and detailed characte®rlstics. jg?44 The artist who gives the most detaileddesigns of scenery, costumes, lighting andmake® ups. Viz: the whole rnise® en® scene,everything that is generally done by thestage director together with the artist. &amp;&amp; 44 Craig needs only the scene® shifters andcarpenters to produce the play.&amp; 44 There still remains one department ofthe stage director's work,...work with theactor. Here Craig has quite definite views asto the manner and methods which he thinksare needful,.... beautiful.&amp; " How he works with actors we shall neverknow as both sides speak different langu®ages &amp; 4?44 All rumour as to any misunderstandingsbetween Craig and Stanislawsky are false.On the contrary, Stanislawsky is quite underthe fascination of what he calls 44 Craig'sgenius". &amp; &amp; &amp;j&amp;r 44 Generally the literary and psychologicalside of each production devolves on me, but those few sittings at which I assisted haveevoked in me such a confidence in Craig; heIlluminates so profoundly, so gracefully, withsuch taste and nobility the meaning andsense of 44 Hamlet " that I had nothing to do.44 He is going to produce the play as apoetical drama not belonging to any parti- cular epoch,.... and there is no epoch in44 Hamlet", where the legend belongs to the9th century and the Idea to the Renaissance.44 We put the whole theatre at Craig'sdisposal.&amp; 44 Craig says that since he became a stagemanager he had never dreamed of finding atheatre where an artist could work so free- ly. He himself works very hard; he feelsbored when some times half a day passeswithout work. &amp; &amp;&amp; 44 Hamlet " will have only four entr'actes;all the changing of scenes will take placewithout a curtain before the eyes of theaudience. Craig does not leave anythingout and assures us that the performancewill not take long. " &amp; &amp; LONDON. ''jphe Daily Mail gives the following reportof Mr Frohrnan's promises and performan- ces.&amp; 44 When Mr Frohman, in February last,44 announced his plans for the Repertory44 Theatre, a dozen new plays were promised44 as well as fifteen important revivals. Of44 this number only seven new plays have44 been produced, and there have been only44 two revivals. One new play has also been44 given that was not in the original list. The'* following table shows how far the original44 plans have been abandoned.PLAYS PROMISED AND NOT PRODUCED.44 4The Eldest Son' by Mr John Galsworthy.£? 44 4The Iphigenia in Tauris' of Euripides,44 translated by Dr Gilbert Murray.&amp; 44 4The Outcry' by Mr Henry James. &amp;44 A new play by Mr John Masefield.44 A new play by Mr W. Somerset Mau- 44 gham.REVIVALS PROMISED BUT NOTFORTHCOMING.&amp; 44Barrie. Quality Street', 4What Every Wo- man 44 Knows' and the 44 Admirable Crichton'.Galsworthy. 4Strife' and 4The Silver Box'44 Pinero. 4 The Amazons ' and 4 Iris '.44 Bernard Shaw. 4 Major Barbara' 4 Manand Superman ' and 4 The Doctor's Dilemma'.&amp; 44 Barker. 4 The Voysey Inheritance' 44 Chambers 4 The Tyranny of Tears'.44 John Masefield. 4The Tragedy of Nan'.THE PLAYS PRODUCED.&amp; 44Galsworthy Mustiee', (28 performances.)44 Granville Barker. 4The Madras House'44 (10 performances.) &amp; &amp; &amp; 44 Bernard Shaw. 4Misalliance' 1 perfor- 44mance.) &amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;&amp;?&amp; "J. M. Barrie.i The Twelve Pound Look'(22 performances.) 401d Friends' (6performan«44 ces.) &amp; &amp;44 George Meredith. 4 The Sentimenta- 44 lists' (6 performances). 44 Anthony Hope and Cosmo GordonLennox. 4 Helena's Path '( 2 performances44 Not in the original list. &amp;&amp;44 Elisabeth Baker. 4 Chains', (9 perfor- 44 mances.) &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;44 4Tre!awny of the Wells', revived, (4044 performances.) &amp; &amp; &amp;44 4Prunella', revived. (14 performances) &amp; EDITORIAL NOTES J. S. we said in our last number, we reservedany judgement upon Mr Frohrnan's ven=ture because we wanted to see whether thoseconnected with it were mutually loyal oneto another and really in earnest about theaim they had in view, for otherwise the en=terprise was valueless and not deserving ofserious discussion.^We now hear that the new theatrical houseis already divided; that Mr Frohrnan's nextyear's programme includes no plays by MessrsShaw and Barker, that Messrs Shaw andBarker announce, on their part, that they will44 presently break out in a new place and showour friend Frohman how to perform commer- cial impossibilities and that Mr Shaw hasbeen publishing his criticisms of Mr Frohrnan'splans in the Daily Mail &amp; &amp;&amp; There is not much mutual loyalty here,nor is there much earnestness in carrying out the original purposes if these are to beabandoned after a year's trial; for can anyof the gentlemen concerned honestly believethat a serious artistic enterprise can be reallytested, much less brought to any final suc- cess, in so short a time ? We do not knowwhere the fault lies; whether it is that MrFrohman's resources have proved less substan- tial than expected and so made the venture a"commercial impossibility" when it includedthe work of Messrs Shaw and Barker, orwhether these gentlemen with their spiritedsocialistic ideals have got on Mr Frohman'snerves. We only know that the crew no longerpulls together, and that each man is pullingas he likes instead cf in obedience to thehead. &amp;And who was the head man in the boat?Undoubtedly Mr Shaw, and for the obviousreason that he is not merely the most re- markable man concerned in the enterprise,but one of the most remarkable men in Eng- land, and we fully recognise this fact al- though we entirely disapprove of Mr Shawand all that he says and does. &amp;Of course it was obvious from the firstthat the Shaw type and the Frohman typecould not go together, though Mr Frohmanis hardly to be blamed for he was neveranything but a busines man; he began as thatand he goes on as that, ...and for his wayof going on, well, we must believe him whenhe says he Is "crazy" about the idea of theRepertory Theatre, for his handling of it justi- fies him ; it is crazy in all conscience.&lt;£? Why, a theatre like the Court Theatrewas what Mr Frohman longed for above allelse; Mr Shaw was the soul of the CourtTheatre, so surely when he secured Mr Shawhe got what he desired, and yet he has lethim slip through his fingers. We suppose hegot frightened of Mr Shaw, and Mr Shaw gottired of Mr Frohman. Perhaps, Mr Shaw, withhis unquenchable Irish optimism, hoped thatMr Frohman was going to reform in someway; but, having seen no signs of this aftera reasonable time, he is now washing hishands while Mr Barker dutifully holds for himthe towel which bears the legend " honi soitqui mal y pense We wonder If Mr Barkerrealises the meaning of those words ? If hedoes he will remain very loyal to Mr Shaw.It is to the advantage of all that groupto remain loyal and to see to it that thewhole burden of the fight does not rest ontheir leader. .., Where has Mr Archer been lately, by the way ? &amp; &amp;If Mr Shaw's followers should desert himthere will be only one feather in the capsthey wear in future, and that will be theirconnection with his personality; and whenthey fall away Mr Shaw (and personality in- tact) will return to take his place in thatsetting which really suits his figure best, thatis to say, in a ring of open enemies againstwhom he fights alone.Then he will forget the Repertory Theatre... and, let us hope, the Stage. are improving... Bubbles are burst- ing. This time it is a Belasco bubble.Belasco, like nearly every other so-called44 Stage-manager" has made his name throughother men's talents. Belasco paid the menand took the credit. Now the bubble has burst.We quote the following passage from theNew York Review, May 21st. &amp; &amp;44 The Review last autumn told how Mr.44 Buckland, who had been with the ex-martyr44 for years, was responsible for the lighting44 effects and the minute details of stage rea- 44 lism upon which much of Belasco's fame44 rests. At that time Mr Buckland would not44 talk. Since going on tour with Mrs. Fiske44 he has become more loquacious. Here are44 his words bearing upon this subject as quo- 44ted in the interview &amp;&amp; 44 My knowledge of drawing and color and44 my keen desire to maintain this integrity44 of detail in stage settimgs proved useful. "&amp; 441 went to France for Belasco later to44 get the minutiae of 4Du Barry,' to Virginia44 to get that of 4The Warrens' and to Japan44 to get that of 4The Darling of the Gods'."44 It is a great satisfaction to the educated44 playgoer to find no detail of costume or44 decoration that belongs, for instance, to the44 Louis XVI. period in a play of the period44 of Louis XV.&amp; 44 Mr. Belasco devoted much of my time44 and his money to this careful study, and44 the result was gratifying to both of us and44 to his patrons. It made his name a guarantor44 for artistic accuracy, which built up his dis- •4 criminating clientele of which he is so justly44 proud. I studied to find out what the people44 of the period and locale of a play did and44 why they did it."For the whole article we have no spacehere ; and besides, it concerns America morethan England. But the same traffic in othermen's brains goes on in all the Theatres ofEurope. The Production is generally supposed to be the work of the Manager; it is moreoften the work of some one or two others.Miss Pauline Chase is said to be a verycharming actress. Alas! we have neverseen her, but we hear that she is also a verybeautiful girl, and that added to this shehas a large share of the natural intelligencewhich belongs to her sex.For what reason then does she wish togive the world the impression that she be®lieves she is possessed of nothing and musthustle if she is to be in time ? jg? &amp;&amp; The papers have lately been full of MissPauline Chase's journey to New York in orderto sell photographs of herself and Mr Roosveltat the Actors' Fair in that city. &amp;As one of the papers points out, if halfthe money which it cost to send her overand bring her back again had been handeddirect to the bazaar the actors' fund wouldhave been richer by several hundred dollars.This is perfectly.true.ft is said that five dollars was the highestprice she could get for her photograph evenwhen she auctioned it herself. It is under®stood that Mr Frohman sent her over andbrought her back.Why, Miss Chase ? Why ? We suppose youhaven't the faintest idea why you were sent,or why you were brought back, or that youare too nice to understand why. Then whydo you do this sort of thing ? You know thatthe eye of the public is upon the public lifeof every one connected with the theatre andthat it has a perfect right to criticise thepublic actions of actors and actresses. &amp;&amp; The criticism dealt out to actresses todayby the American press is rather cruel attimes, and the New York Review has writ®ten an article about this exploit which issomewhat unfair; but then why does MissChase accept such a task from Mr Frohman orany other wire puller? Why does she play themarionette, allow herself to be attached toa wire and answer to every pull of the ma- nipulator's hand ? Doesn't she see that thereare at least thirty or fifty or even a hundredothers dangling by similar wires and MrFrohman's fingers are pulling the strings ofall of them and making these charming ladiesbehave quite absurdly ? JZ/&gt;&lt;&amp; You never find the actor managers ofLondon doing so. Sir Herbert Tree was neverknown to advertise the ladies of his theatrein this manner. Mr George Alexander wouldsooner die than play with his theatre and his performers In so vulgar a way.There is more than plenty of opportunityfor a clever actress to succeed on the stageby means of her talent, and the public prefersan actress of talent who can avoid assistingin these advertising tricks played by adven- turesome managers.&amp; May be this kind of thing Is liked wellenough in America. To us in England It isout of date behind the times, ... forthe age of the mountebank is over.&amp; Miss Chase, you must not be offended byour impertinence in advising you.... buttake our word for it; you are beautiful enoughto stand alone,.... and how clever you mightbecome should you realize this !e have heard of Donald Robertson inEurope. We know of him as a man whois reported to have done the best Americanwork in the Chicago Theatre, and quite latelywe have come across an Interview with himin a New York paper In which he talks aboutthe theatre as being the church of the future,and how its mission is purely esthetic andcannot be doctrinal, cannot be confoundedwith the pulpit or the platform, is to showthe beauty of life, is not to be used for kil- ling the idle hours of the idle rich nor evenof the busy rich, but is in Mr Donald Robert- son's opinion a very important place entrus- ted with a very serious duty.&amp; Reading the Interview a long sigh in- stinctively escapes, for one has heard so muchabout all this; but then one's caution whispersthat after all Mr Donald Robertson may haveproduced such beautiful work that he isentitled to speak in this way, and thenone regrets that one has never seen his work.Still we are inclined to think that very littlegood results when an artist speaks in theabstract about the theatre and repeats morethan a few times that it is the church of thefuture, etc, etc. &lt;&amp;&gt;Everyone is prepared to let the theatrehe what it likes to be and what it will be,and we are glad to find in Europe more andmore that those artists who are discontentwith the present state of affairs in the theatre,(and what artist Is not) are devoting them- selves to a clearer definition of just exactlyhow and where the theatre goes wrong.Thus in the last year or two very manyexcellent papers have been written pointingout technically some theatrical blundersand technically some remedy. Where thesearticles differ from those of proceeding years Is in the attention the writers give to a newstandpoint: that is to say, to that point ofview from which we see the theatre of thefuture being reborn as an independent art.... an art unassisted by literature, music orpainting. &amp; &amp;&amp; And those writers, instead of picking upthe old themes such as " Are footlights ob- jectionable ? ", or " Is the theatre a place ofamusement ?", or " Did the theatre springfrom religious rites?" or "Shall we discussethics in the theatre?" choose fresher themesand such as can be spoken of practicallyonly by those who work in theatres and bringmore benefit to those who believe that thequestions of technique are more importantthan questions in the air. These other vaguerquestions can be left to the tea-tables andthe amateur. jg?&amp; And bearing all this in mind we wouldlike to see Mr. Donald Robertson when hewrites putting his powers to some betteruse. We should like to see him turning hisattention to some theme which other peoplehave not chattered about for years. He wouldthereby be joining the ranks of those moreserious writers of whom we have spoken;of those who perceive the trick which is beingplayed on the public at large by the com- mercial managers, press agents and the rest,who every now and again attempt to hoodwinkthe public as to the real questions whichneed not be solved, and to which, in fact, thereis no solution.&amp; Such managers know perfectly well thatif only they can hold the attention of thepublic rivetted upon such a trivial questionas whether footlights are good or bad theycan keep the public attention away from thefar more important question as to whether thedaylight is not far better, than all and everykind of artificial light. jg?Such managers enter into heated discus- sion as to whether Shakespeare should beproduced lavishly or without scenery in orderto avoid the far more important question asto whether Shakespeare should be producedat all.But these other, more important, questionshave come to the fore lately, and once havingcome there it is clear that they are not goingto be left unanswered for long.gir Herbert Beerbohm Tree regrets the hasteshown in dramatic criticism. &amp;As a cure he proposes making the playcommence an hour earlier. This, he points out, will give the critic an hour more; buthe does not reckon that it wil! also give themanager an hour less. Has it suggested itselfto Sir Herbert that, with an hour more athis command, the critic will have time tonotice... and to regret... the haste shown Indramatic productions ? &amp; &amp;we know many people who thinkthat there is no Art of the Theatre, we onlyknow of one person who thinks that thetheatre possesses several arts, and that is'Sir Mordred'.Whether he could define exactly whatthese arts are it would be unfair to ask, buthe can be congratulated on his discovery*The discovery was announced on June 5th1910 in that admirable paper, The Referee.H. B. Irving, speaking on " The Pressand the Stage " the other day, drew tention to the efforts which his brother ismaking to reform theatrical criticism. Hesaid, " I have a brother touring in the United" States with a play too short for a full eve- " ning's entertainment. Consequently, he sup- " plements it by nightly addresses to the" audience.... not only in the theatre but"throughout the empire and the civilized" world... on the subject of criticism. And" so successful are these orations that I con- " fidently expect them to result in a crusade" which shall enable the theatre to come to" the same level of popularity as the music" hall."The paper which reported him says thathe spoke in a humourous vein. The humourseems a little difficult to understand. Washe poking fun at his brother when he ex- pressed the belief that Mr Laurence Irvingwas working towards bringing the theatre tothe same level of popularity as the musichalls, or what was his intention ? £/How strange it is that members of theEnglish theatre cannot get away from a com- parison between theatre and music hall!&lt;£? The question of music hall and theatreis not an important one at all, and there isno call for actors to be facetious or patro- nising in regard to the comedians of the halls.&amp; There are some more important problemsto be solved, yet these are avoided yearafter year by those who like to be knownas the serious representatives of the Englishtheatre.Why actors have been brought to say somuch lately about the music hall is that itsprogress affects their pockets. Actors will not take any notice of the more serious ques- tions until ; these also affect their pockets.It is a great pity that the English actorwill not wake up to the importance of histrust.ghice the New York Review started on itscampaign to assist in the reform of theNew York stage, in fact of the whole Ame- rican stage, it has continually accused Klawand Erlanger of every conceivable villainyunder the sun, and especially Erlanger, be- cause of the indecent shows that he is sup- posed to have foisted upon the public.&amp; The moral rage which the New York Re- view gets into is quite exciting. It is like theloudest platform speaking in the rowdiest ofdistricts. &amp;While attacking Klaw and Erlanger thejournal holds the Schubert Brothers up asthe pattern of theatrical directors. Everysecond word in the paper is " The SchubertBrothers ". Obviously it is the paper of thosetwo brothers and their enormous army ofassistants. And it is quite likely that theNew York Review is perfectly right, andthat Erlanger, in introducing indecent playsto the public, is doing a lot of harm, and thatthe Schubert Brothers, in trying to do awaywith them, are doing the theatre a great dealof good.What we want to know is, who lets MissMay Mackenzie write as she does in the samepaper? A paper which wants to protect thepublic from Mr Erlanger should take care ofMiss May Mackenzie as well. &amp;We note in the number of May 14th re- ferences to the Royalty of England which arehighly offensive. &amp; &amp;We do not know who is responsible forthese, but Messrs Schubert Brothers mightgive that especial column a glance now andagain. They will find it as amusing as, andnot less indecent than Erlanger's plays whichthey are trying to get rid of. £?Jn a recent number of the New Age, MrWalter Sickert advises artists to take morethought before they waste their time, energyand money In exhibiting their works, andthis is very good advice.&amp; In the same number Professor Herronrails against Colonel Roosvelt in an article ofseveral columns' length .... But why ? That the Colonel should get it hot is onlynatural, that he deserves to is undeniable;but why should the gentle Professor wastehis time, energy and money on Roosvelt? Does it do anyone on earth any good ? Wethink not; and we should say that, insteadof occupying himself in the negative andfruitless task of cursing the late Presidentof the United States, Professor Herron wouldhe far better employed in the positive andfruitful work of strengthening and settingfree those forces which would cause theRoosvelts of the age and all their kind tobecome as rare as white elephants.The forces we allude to are the forcesof beauty, those who exercise them are theartists, and when the artists take theirrightful position all ugly things will disappearwithout conscious effort upon anybody's part.They cannot be forcibly driven out, butthey can be crowded out by the substitutionof other things, and Professor Herron's at- titude really seems analogous to us, in itsfutility, to that of a man who stands in ashuttered room at midday and inveighsagainst the darkness. Let him divert hisenergies to the simple business of openingthe shutters and the darkness disappears ofItself. &amp;&amp; The thing which strikes us about The NewAge,... not only the journal but the period...is that there are a great number of peopleof all classes sitting at one board grumblingat something in front of them and apparentlyunconscious that they could be more usefulin assisting each other than in discontentedlyinveighing against Colonel Roosvelt, the Ger- man Emperor, the Constitution of England,Nelson, and Good Manners.There is nothing so fruitless or so un- profitable as vague grumbling. A discontentwhich manifests itself in some practical way,by a strong and persistent effort to remedythe evil conditions personally, or to strength- en the hands of those are who capable of doingso, is both fruitful and valuable; but such adiscontent usually begins in self-discipline,and knows the value of reserve force toowell to let it evaporate in aimless invectiveswhich do no one any good. How much more admirable it would be,for instance, if Professor Herron, instead offilling the columns of the New Age witha string of lamentations and curses like amodern Jeremiah, were to spend his time,energy and money in trying to assist his fel- low-contributor Mr Sickert, or some otherartist, in the creation of such beautiful thingsas should counteract the influence of all theRoosvelts in the world. &amp; &amp; &amp; For no one today is doing more to annulsuch evil influences than the artists, ... thepainters, poets, musicians and artists of theTheatre.... who are producing fine worksof art. &lt;&lt;&amp;&amp; A beautiful picture, a well-decorated villa,(and we know the Professor to be possessedof a noble villa in Italy,... a villa awaitingthe touch of such an artist as Mr Sickert...)or a splendid poem, is a better protest againstRoosveltism, Hooliganism, and kindred evilsthan all the articles which man can pen, andif any duty upon earth is clear it is the dutyof the rich socialists to act the part of nurseto the tremendous works of majesty andlabour being born around them,... too oftenstill-born for want of the fostering and pro- tective care of these wealthy men. J®We have, in fact, little sympathy withthe rich socialist of today. We may go evenfurther and say that we dislike and distrustthe railings of those who are in a positionto " work for the good " and who avoid theirresponsibilities. In regard to such man wefeel inclined to echo Macbeth;..." Thy bones are marrowless, thy bloodis cold ;Thou hast no speculation in those eyesWhich thou dost glare with ....Unreal mockery, hence ! "When men like Professor Herron arestrongly and sincerely working in a practicalway to counteract existing evils we shalllisten with attention if at times they alsofind it expedient,... or a relief to their feel- ings,.... to decry those evils in the pages ofthe New Age or any other journal; but it isby work, not words, by supporting the goodrather than by inveighing against the bad,that results are attained. &amp;Let Professor Herron lay down his pen,forget Colonel Roosvelt,... the mere thoughtof whom, we are sure, sends up his tempe- rature... and look around him; and he willfind that, while he is talking, a good deal ofsilent plucky work for the remedying of thoseevils is being done in the face of obstacleswhich it would be well within his power toremove. Until he does this and substantiateshis preaching by practise he has really nomore power to move us than a strident pho- nograph adding to that noise and disharmonyof life which he decries. &amp;&amp; The desirability of some such action on thepart of the capitalists Is brought before us veryforcibly when, in the paralel columns in a magazine, we find Mr Sickert advising theartists to withold the gift of their art becauseof the cold response it meets with and Pro- fessor H err on objecting to evils which woulddisappear before the wider diffusion of thosevery artists' works, and we would suggestthis Idea of co-operation to him and to allthe rich socialists of the day as worth con- sideration.There are probably many fine and disin- terested enterprises going forward; thereare certainly many artists working in theservice of beauty in face of obstacles quiteinconceivable to the wealthy gentlemen whoare so discontented with the present conditionof the world. Let the said wealthy gentlemenbring their money to the service of these,set them free from small and mean preoccu- pations about rents and boots and butchersand bakers, about how to procure coloursand blocks of marble and paper and printers'ink, so that they may be free to give theirbest to the world, and they will soon so floodit with beauty that ugly conditions, uglypersonalities will disappear as noiselessly asthe dew before the rising sun. &amp; ...We admit the inadequacy of the simile inthe present connection, realising that ColonelRoosvelt and his blatant company have no- thing in common with a thing so exquisiteand evanescent as the dew; we only meanthat the order of their going will be equallyunobtrusive and inevitable. Anyhow, we knowthat Professor Herron will understand us; andperhaps the next time he feels tempted tosit down in his beautiful villa and pen sodenunciatory an article he will act the partof Balaam and, setting out to curse, willstay to bless,... the artist; and that by hispractical support. &amp; &amp; &amp;MEDIOCRITY. &amp; the admirable "Letters of an Engli- shman" which appeared in the Daily Mailduring June we have read with especial in- terest one upon the "Normal Theatre". Itseems to us as just in its conclusions as itis temperate in its expression of them, andit emphasizes the fallacy of that belief heldby certain serious minded persons, that thetheatre is a pulpit, shared by dramatist andactor, and that its object is to "do goodNo one cherishes this belief more fondlythan Mr Granville Barker. He is obsessed byit to such a degree that he Is obscuring hisreal gift for stage management under thepreacher's role; instead of " doing well " in th© theatre he must be trying to "do good"in some vague uncensored way to the parish.&amp; "Englishman" writes of him, "It is cha- racteristic of Mr Barker, in whom humour,"was never a dominant quality, that he"should describe 'the movement which he is" concerned to foster' as 'the normal theatre',"and he then proceeds to point out very con- vincingly that it is nothing of the kind.&amp; "There is arrogance", he continues, "in" this claim to be 'normal' which might be"pathetic if it were not ludicrous; only the" very greatest neither transcend nor fall" below the norma!. Sophocles was normal;"Shakespeare was normal; Moliere was nor- "mal"; whereas, he adds, " abnormality is the"very essence of Messrs Shaw and Barker."&amp; But Mr Barker does not merely think thathis is the normal drama; he goes further,and sees in his own work and Mr Shaw'swhat he describes as the Puritan elementin drama, and, as "Englishman " points out," here we have a clear and definite contra- " diction, for there can be no Puritan element." Puritanism and th© Stage are old irrecon- " cilable enemies. Not even Mr Barker's habit" of preaching will avail to soften the hosti- " lity... When we discover a vulpine sheep- " fold then we may expect to see a Puritan" theatre." &amp; &amp; &amp;And the strange thing is that it is in thename of this Puritanism that Mr Barkerdemands the abolition of the Censor! It islittle wonder that " Englishman " cannotmake out what Mr Barker Is driving at forneither can anyone else. &amp; &amp;We, on our part, would suggest that,being himself a very righteous person, andbeing dazzled by association with the para- doxical nature of Mr Bernard Shaw, (who cannever be described as " righteous " even ifhe may be described as " thoroughly good ",)he has assumed this kind of hypocriticalsmirk as an effective thing and one whichcosts very little. For we find that Mr Barkeris not one to suffer for his righteousness'ssake nor is he one of those men who areready to lose anything for any cause but thatof " self ". He is very moral,... but he haslost nothing by it: fearing isolation, and everglad to be in with a party, he has yet cer- tainly made no definite stand.&amp; His zeal for the abolishment of the Censoris a case in point. Mr Barker does not wantto abolish him because he considers the prin- ciple of Censorship a bad one but because he wants to get some of his own plays through.It is characteristic of Mr Barker that he isalarmed at all mention of principles : he isconcerned rather with opportunities, espe°dally such as can be turned to his own ad- vantage, and though this may be a veryadmirable thing it is not the stuff of whichgreat men are made. &amp; &amp;We have, in fact, doubts as to the con- dition of Mr Barker's artistic conscience. Wewonder, for instance, wherein lay the magne- tism and repulsion of Mr Frohman,... whythis sudden enthusiasm for his cause and theequally sudden coldness ? And again, whatare we to think when a capable young stagemanager folds himself in a preacher's gownand sets out to missionise the world acrossthe footlights? jg? &lt;£?&amp; But if in these cases Mr Barker's conductseems inconsistent, he is, on the other hand,timidly consistent in the smaller matters. Hedare not contradict himself; he trips alongon a track narrow as a knife blade; he isexclusive,... as exclusive as mediocrity. Heproves this in his 'abnormal' Puritan drama.Compare it and him with the work, the moralwidth, of the great men,.... with Synge,Yeats, Barrie, Shaw: (don't let us drag thenames of Shakespeare, Sophocles and MoliereInto the case at all, but keep the comparisonto his contemporaries,) and we must admitthat we do not find the largeness of sympathyin Mr Barker that we find in the others,...for instance, in Mr Synge; we only find the44 eloquence of discourse " and the 44 tediumof superfluous debates ". Therefore he is notgreat as a playwright.Nor do we believe he is great as a prea- cher ; besides, sermons have nothing to dowith the theatre, and if Mr Barker feels acall in that direction why does he not Jointhe Salvation Army or the Young Men'sChristian Association where such gifts ashis might find their full We had once hoped that Mr Barker mighthave had something to do with the artistryof the stage, but there also we have beendisappointed; he has nothing to do with it,he feels little for it and we must concludeknows nothing about It; he does not evenwant 44 two trestles, two actors, and a pas- sion ". No, what Mr Barker wants is a text,a pulpit and a glass of water, together witha congregation of parishioners glad to becalled 44 brethren" by so arrogant a man.Give him these, leave him free to expound his doctrine of-Stage Puritanism without aCensor, and Mr Barker will have realised hisidea of the seventh heaven. jg? But that idea is nothing which can becalled 4NationaS' although it may certainlypass as parochial. The parish may blindlyaccept such a wolf in sheep's clothing, butthe nation will assuredly not temper the windto such a representative of the shorn lamb.&amp; In regard to the theatre as in regard toevery other branch of national enterprise,the English will very soon put the question,44 why are we behind other nations?" andthe answer 44 Because of the Censor" willnot satisfy them. Neither will it do to offerany solution but the right one, which is thatin England our little men have a prejudiceagainst our great men and are allowed, by apolicy of intimidation, to weaken their in- fluence with the nation. jg? &amp;&amp; That this answer is the true one is slowlybeing perceived. In every branch of artor of industry we find the little men formedinto powerful cliques, devoting their wholeenergy to the 44prevention" or 44suppression"of the big men and appealing to the nationto prevent these 44 rash " men from interfe- ring with the present 44ideal" conditions.^The great men we speak of are not thoseof any party; they are the individualistswhose sole master is the King, whose oneideal is the majesty of the Empire. They arefound in every class of Society, in every in- dustry and in every art. J&amp; jg?Mr Barker belongs to that group of littlemen who are frightened for the parish. Whathe loves is that which he erroneously calls44 normality " but which others call 44 medio- crity ", ...and though mediocrity wins nothingthere are at least no risks. &amp;&amp; Under the rule of such men as Mr Barkerthe English Theatre would sleep: he wouldnot have it either compete with, or be sweptalong in, the wonderful movement which hasfor some years now been felt everywhere inEurope except in London.In Russia, Germany, Poland, Holland, Italy,Austria, France, Hungary, Spain, Portugal,Greece, Sweden, Norway, Denmark, every- where, in fact, but in London, the theatreis beginning to answer the call of its greatest,not Its smallest, men ; is beginning to realisethat the older and nobler traditions of ourart are in danger and that to save themcourage is needed; is beginning to realisethat our very liberty is at stake, that our artists are beset on all sides by traitors tothe art,,., we mean those so-called 44 artists "whose disloyal cry is 44 down with the king,majesty and ceremony! Long live the Pro- tector, ugliness and the mediocre ! " 44 England, what of the Night ?" criedSwinburne fifty years ago; and gave theanswer as he seemed to hear it from thenation :...44 England, what of the night?Night is for slumber and sleep,Warm, no season to weep,Let me alone till the day.Sleep would I still if I might,Who have slept for two hundred years :Once I had honour, they say,But slumber is sweeter than tears.&amp; And that reply we can expect still to hearfrom Mr Barker and his discreet company,while from the reawakening European thea- tre comes a prouder answer;...441 perceive, on the height,Eastward, not now very far,A song too loud for the lark,A light too strong for a star.And the mastery of old and the mightLives in the joints of mine hands,Steadies my limbs as they rise.Strengthens my foot as it stands,wii a number of an American publication,*New Shakespearean a, which has reachedus we note a passage, which, in speaking ofRichard Mansfield's death, is a trifle hard onDavid Garrick. The notice begins like this:44 When a mere local London actor, who44 had never played outside of England,44 one David Garrick, died, he was fortunate44 in having as a friend the sententious Dr.44 Johnson, who announced that 44 Garrick's44 death has eclipsed the gaiety of nations. "44 A careful reading of contemporary accounts44 of Garrick's acting.... of his stage devices44 to heighten effects and his sacrificing his44 author to himself.... will convince us that44 his unearned fame rests more securely in44 Dr Johnson's praise than in his own abilities44 or achievements, however eminent. " £/&amp; The italics are ours.Why the gentleman who never goes outof England should be a worse actor than thegentleman who travels all over the earth isnot quite clear. We do not believe thatShakespeare himself ever wrote plays out ofEngland, but does this make his plays com- pare unfavourably with those of Clyde Fitch,for example, who travelled all over Italy and wrote in several lands?Later on in the same notice, speaking ofMr Mansfield's 44 Shylock " the writer is in- correct in saying that this character " for itsentire stage life has been portrayed therobust incarnation of hate and malignityand then he praises Mr Mansfield for theoriginality of his idea of presenting him asa martyr... as a hero. &amp; &amp;Has the gentleman who penned the shortnotice no recollection of the late Sir HenryIrving's stupendous achievement in this role?It was Henry Irving who for the first timein the history of the stage treated the partin this manner. Since then most other actorshave copied him and have claimed for theircopy the virtue of originality, &amp;In the same number Mr Appleton Morganwrites vividly about the Bacon Theory, andabout his own 44 Myth " or 44 New Theory "which proposed Shakespeare as the proprietoras well as the stage editor of the plays, anddeclared that he knew his public and thatif what he purchased did not seem to himexactly what his public required he himselfwrote the material over, so as to suit familiarizing, even popularizing it. &amp;We agree with Dr Morgan in his beliefthat it is the public curiosity into the de- tails of great men's lives which has led toall the theories, and which, although 44 theplay's the thing " and a rose under any othername would smell as sweet, turns peoplefrom appreciation of the play and enjoymentof the rose to arguments as to whether thename were Shakespeare or Bacon, whetherthe work were done by one or two."Just so long" he declares, "as the Shakes- 44 peareans write biographies of Shakespeare,44 just so long will there be a Baconian44 Theory! If the good people of Stratford...44 instead of destroying the vestiges of their44 poet piecemeal would burn their town to44 ashes, and if, into the conflagration, could44 be tossed every biography of Shakespeare44 that was ever written ... the twenty-third44 century would have no difficulty in believing44 in a Shakespeare " ! &amp; &amp;Certainly, there is something to be saidvfor Dr.Morgan's point of view. &lt;£? &amp;jn regard to a passage in the last number ofThe Mask where, referring to Mr GrahamRobertson, it was said, 44 He recently had a44 sort of fairy play on in London in which44 amateurs were performing instead of profes- 44 slonals, " one of our subscribers has written to us taking exception to the use of the word4amateur' because, she says, the companyincluded Miss Ellen Terry and Miss ViolaTree. &amp;And of course our correspondant wouldbe right had our Note referred to the ori- ginal production in which these two ladiesappeared, but it did not. It referred to thatrevival of the same play in which the partcreated by Miss Ellen Terry was taken by avery charming Baroness, so that we werecorrect in our use of the word 44Amateur".We insert this note, however, in case anyother readers should, like our correspondant,have received the Impression that we werereferring to that original production whichwas graced by the performance of the FirstActress on the English Stage. &amp; &amp;ntil now The Mask has had only a fewwords to say about the Commedia dell'-Arte, that powerful development of the thea- trical art which has done more credit to thestage than any later development, yet whichwas unable to survive Moliere's friendship:but now we shall publish all we can collectupon this subject.As most of our readers know, the Com- media dell'Arte was the name given to theimprovised performances of the professionalactors and stage managers, and in trying tocollect together all that is to be said aboutthis vivid renaissance of the theatrical artwe do so, not for its value from an antiqua- rian point of view, considerable though thatmay be, but for its value to the sincerestudent of the stage of the future.Here was a theatre which appealed to theordinary public, to the man of culture andto the actors themselves. &amp;These actors were so excellent, so intel- ligent, perceived so well the advantage ofcommunicating directly with their public in- stead of through the medium of a materialforeign to them, that success came to themimmediately. &amp; &amp; &amp;Instead of an actor's playing many partshe played but one,... Pulcinella, Atiecchino,Pantalone, the Doctor, the Captain, Bello- sguardo, Coviello, Fricasso, Fritellino, Fran- catrippa, Guatsetto, Sciossclammocca, Cucuba,Bellavlta, Cucaruca, Trastullo, Ciurlo, Mesto- lino, Maramao, Bagattino, Ricciulina, SignoraLucia, Signora Lucretia, Signora Lavinia,Franceschina or another. But Pulcinella or anyof these others could b© a madman today, adrunkard tomorrow, a gallant the third day and on the day after a pious man, a cowardor a hero.&amp;If Hamlet" must always be Hamlet andcan never be Falstaff or Benedict, Fritellinomay be all these men if he likes and still iswitty enough to remain himself. *£?&amp; What first struck the beholder about thesefigures was their folly, the second thing no- ted was their humanity, the thiid then he- roism, and only finally was their divinityperceived. It was a witty idea, it was a pro- found idea, one of those ideas that do notdie. They were free to say what they liked,they were free to do what they liked, theyhad only to let their feelings escape at theright moments and to obey the stage manager.jgr In what order these feelings had to escapewas roughly indicated on a piece of paperpinned up at each side of the stage. Theactor had only to study this paper carefullyafter the stage manager had composed itcarefully. If this master of the ceremonieshad genius he composed it so that the per- formance became natural, the passion weavingthese foolish and profound figures Into a pat- tern even as dancers in the morris-danc©weave a pattern; for to be perfectly naturalis to be perfectly designed. &amp;&amp; Here was an art spontaneous but not ac- cidental. Moliere's whole fabric was builtof the stones stolen from the ruins of thismost stupendous Palace. When M. Jourdainhas made us laugh and cry over the painand pleasure he experienced through a littleknowledge we leave the theatre in ecstaciesover the brilliance of Moliere. That brillianceis the reflected light from the CommediadelFArte.&amp; Some of the characters in the Commediaare better known than others, but all areentrancing, and we hope to do all of themjustice in our series of articles. &amp;&amp; Arlecchino who has travelled all over theworld is the best known; he is the last de- scendant of Mercury, and therefore one ofthe divine figures of the group. Though thisis not stated in the programme anyone canfeel it. Pantalone, on the other hand, al- though he has lived as long, is a very humanbeing. &amp; &amp; &amp; &amp;&amp; Pulcinella during his travels, having thedesires of a God but the passions of a mortaland the arrogance of a monarch, determinedto cut adrift from both Gods, kings and men,and transforms himself into that extraordi- nary being known as Punchinello and Punch, and cunningly builds himself a house intowhich he creeps and lies low like a crab. Hewill be very difficult to destroy. &amp;&amp; Pulcinella makes his appearance amongus today in the pages of this number of TheMask, his genealogy being traced by Dr Mi®chele ScheriSlo, who has generously given toThe Mask the English version of his bookon the Commedia delFArte. &amp; &amp;&amp; To the sincere student of the stage thehistorical side of this subject will be as anaffectionate whisper from the dead: nothingdry about it, nothing boisterous; somethingbeautiful, exciting and full of promises. Forhim we shall reprint all that has been saidon this subject since Molidre's presence madesociety ashamed of Arlecchino. &amp;We trust we are not doing injustice to asecond or a third person in speaking of theSincere Student as though he were but one.We hope there may be at least eight or tensuch men living, who are not afraid to facethe truth of the theatre in all its beauty andits degradation. If there are such men alivetoday the principles of the Commedia delF-Arte will by them be re-established and thespirit which vitalised it will once more findits way into the Theatre; and with thatspirit, though the outer form may not be re- produced, will come new life and health forthe Theatre's Art and for those who serve it. THE MOSHER BOOKSA VISION OF GIORGIONEThree Variations on Venetian ThemesBY GORDON BOTTOMLEY-R-|-|RII—MIIWI—MWW111—I IN■■ IAN111 IIBI-dramatic scenes in the life ofGiorgione,of whom Vasari tells us thatthis great artist of the Renaissance "tookno small delight in love passages, and inthe sound of the lute, to which he was socordially devoted, and which he practisedso constantly, that he played and sangwith the most exquisite perfection;" andagain, "at this time he fell in love witha lady, who returned his affection withequal warmth; and they were immeasu-rably devoted to each other."500 copies, leap 4to, hand-made paper, done up in old roseFabriano boards, with a designed label, and initials in colorS. 1.50 net. 50 copies on Japan Vellum, S. 3.00 net.All Books Sent Postpaid on Receipt of Net Price.THOMAS B. MOSHERPORTLAND, MAINE. U. S. A. NEW SHAKESPEAREANAA Quarterly Record of ShakespeareanScholarship and study, and Content-porary and current Review of theirLiterature. Conducted by the NewYork Shakespeare Society, whosemembership includes every distin=guished Shakespeare Scholar in Eu=rope and America. &amp;Imperial 8vo. Illustrated. 75c the copy, S2.50 the year,in advance.SHAKESPEAREANA is the onlymagazine devoted to its exclusive fieldpublished in English, and one of theonly two such periodicals publishedin the world, the other being the44 Jahrbuch , " of the German Shakes**peare Society, issued annually. N osample copies are furnished. &amp; &amp;Zooming from so dignified and notablea source as The New York ShakespeareSociety, 44 New Shakespeareana " is ofcourse scholarly in tone, dignified inpurpose and artistic in form. " — NewYork Dramatic Mirror, October 12,1910THE SHAKESPEARE PRESS,WESTFIELD, UNION COUNTYNEW JERSEY, U. S. A. THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY &amp;&amp; Its mission is to save you from reading a poor or a disappointing book, or fromexperiencing the chagrin that accompanies " Un«informedness." THE BOOK NEWS MONTHLY is as up to date in book matters as a newspaper and. ...JUST AS NEWSY. Its address is Philadelphia, U. S. A. &amp; &amp; &amp;Do!, 1,0© a year, 10 cts: a copy. Sample copies sent on request. ANTONIO FRILLIPURVEYOR TO 10IMPERIAL &amp; ROYALFAMILIES £&gt; j»FLORENCEVia dei Fossi 4 /s?0 (ESTABLISHED i860) ■£&gt;AWARDED PRIZESAT 48 NATIONAL &amp;INTERNATIONALEXHIBITIONSThe largest Establishment of Sculpture inMarble &amp; Reproductions from the Antique&amp; Original Works. Portraits. Monuments,Mantels, Pedestals, Garden Seats, Vases Fountains Flower-stands, etc:ESTIMATES GIVEN ON APPLICATIONST LOUIS MO.GRAND PRIX1904 Fine Illustrated Edition of&amp; OSCAR WILDE'S &amp;The Picture of Dorian Grey." Each man sees his own sins in Dorian Gray. What DorianGray's sins are no one knows. He who finds them hasbrought them."— OSCAR WILDE. (Letter, 9th July,1890).Sm. 4to Vol. Pages VI. &amp; 312. Hf. bd. gilt top, with Sevenfull-paged Wood Engravings by PAUL THIRIAT(of Paris)Price 12.s 6d. Net.ALSO A POPULAR EDITIONPages VI. &amp;316. Sm. 8vo. (not illustrated), neat clothbinding. Price 2s. 6d. Net.&amp; FURTHER, AN EDITION 0(Pages YII. &amp; 353)Uniform in Style and Binding with Messrs. Methuen'sFive Shilling Edition of " OSCAR WILDE'S WORKS. "Price 5s. Net.Published by Charles Carrington,10. Rue de la Tribune, Brussels, Belgium.