The mask 8 10 November 1918 naau_1918-11_02 The mask 8 10 LITTLE STATES Lao-Tzu. Trans. Giles cre 1 LITTLE THEATRES AND SO ON. Y. N. H cre 1-2 | WISH THAT THE WORLD CONSISTED OF Disraeli. "Contarini Fleming cre 1 THE THEATRE IN WAR-TIME. ISRAEL ZANGWILL, 1918 cre 1 MANY people are wondering if the J. B cre 1-2 A PRAYER. AN ACTOR cre 3 Untitled Image Illustration 3 BOOK REVIEWS. 3-4 PER AMIGA SILENTIA LUNSE. 3-4 CONTARINI FLEMING 4 " SENLIS," by Cicely Hamilton. W. 4 THE THEATRE Matthew Arnold cre 4 » | HAVE AN INFINITE DESIRE ANATOLE FRANCE cre 4 Untitled Image Illustration 4 THE ART OF THE THEATREPRICE ONE PENNYVOLUME EIGHT: NUMBER TENADDRESS: BOX 444. FLORENCE All rights reserved November 1918.Gerente responsabile : Giulio Vanzi.Tipografia Giuntina. Firenze. PRICE ONE PENNY LITTLE STATES Lao-Tzu.Trans. Giles. WERE I ruler of a little State with a small population,and only ten or a hundred men available as soldiers,I would not use them. I would have the people look ondeath as a grievous thing, and they should not travel todistant countries. Tho' they might have boats and carriages,they should have no occasion to ride in them. Tho' theymight own weapons and armour, they should have no needto use them. I should make the people return to the useof knotted cords. ® They should find their plain food sweet,their rough garments fine. They should be content withtheir homes, and happy in their simple ways. If aneighbouring State was in sight of mine nay, if we werenear enough to hear the crowing of each other's cocks, andthe barking of each others' dogs the two peoples shouldgrow old and die without there ever having been any mutualintercourse. (i) The old quipo method of recording events, before the invention of writing.i ' LITTLE THEATRES AND SO ON. Y. N. H. And then, " said Tu-no-whoo, picking up the thread theMaster had dropped as he fell asleep, '' and then, were Iyour prime minister I Would do so much to divert the peoplea little: do you k.now, Master, I would have tiny littleTheatres every two miles I would have them on the hillsand down near the shore.... one on the road once in away....but most of them dotted here and there along the hi 115....under olives if in Italy, under if in that strange countryabout which you have so often threatened to speak 1° me....here in bamboo groves:.... it would be so pretty.Work done, I and my son would stroll across the Valleyaround the broken path. We might stop at the little church, or at the little theatre,or at the little library, or at the littlelollipop shop.The Theatre would seat twenty people comfortably; itWould be open every day for an hour after midday and for anhour after sundown : it would stay open longer if any two orthree desired to see more;.... Marionnettes of course, Master.In off hours the three artists would be hard at workpreparing festivities, cutting figures, writing dramas. Thekettle Would be always simmering, as it were; and if oneout of 3 ,000,000 of these lads could do particularly wellwe could let him have three half holidays to himself toprepare us new wonders.Some of us would stroll in at noon after lunch to seea show. A seat would cost twopence. What is that in hardChinese cash, Master ?You would come once a year and you would leave usa bag of money to spend on improving our show.What happiness if you were the ruler of a little Stateand I your prime minister Sleep, dear Master.... the draught of Death will refresh you. Concluded on page 38. Disraeli. "Contarini Fleming". | WISH THAT THE WORLD CONSISTED OFI A CLUSTER OF SMALL STATES. THE THEATREIN WAR-TIME. ISRAEL ZANGWILL, 1918. W/HATEVER be the case againstW light entertainment, there canbe no doubt that a serious work °fart imparts a noble exaltation, sothat I have always been shocked bythe idea that good Churchmen maynot see plays in Lent, and I havewondered whether poetry, music andpictures are equally taboo. SuchWorks of art are, however, so rarelyseen on the English stage that theChurchman may be forgiven his preju- dice. But even the more frivolousforms of entertainment, provided, ofcourse, they are fun and not filth,have their legitimate place in the stressof war.n As our nervous system is fashioned,it cannot remain strung up to onemonotonus pitch of tragedy withoutdanger of snapping.... Consciousnesscan only really exist under change.n Those wise old Church festivalsthe Feast of Fools and the Feastof the Ass allowed even the mostsacred ceremonies to be burlesqued be- cause that only enhanced the real re- verence for them...." It is on the nerves of the civi- lians that the national endurance ul- timately depends, and it is a ques- tion whether instead of almost shuttingup the theatres by its exactions andrestrictions, the State should not ac*tually subsidise them n. J. B. MANY people are wondering if theTheatre should not be doneaway with altogether, so litttle is it intune with our changed ideas and somuch does it clash with the sombreyet heroic background of our thoughtstoday. No one, it seems, dreams thatthe Theatre might be made to harmo- nize with them and be itself heroic without being sombre.... or that itmight be even gay, and, without clash- ing with our saddened or soberedfeelings, might come to delight us.In the short essay full of good thingswhich I have quoted above, Mr. IsraelZangwill said (some time ago now)that entertainment is a national neces- sity in this time of strain. He pointsout that were it a question of a shortwar it might be possible to live throughit at a sublime and spartan level, butn with its indefinite continuance wemust needs adjust our many-facetedlife to the new martial environment, asbirds manage to sing between theiruneasy glances for an enemy " Never was the theatre so neces- sary \ he says.That has been my opinion for thelast four years,You can, if it interests you, guesshow painful it has been to me to seethe Theatre degraded to a thing ofutterly no value at all.But it is our own fault. If in 1914we had possessed a theatre in whichbrains, not money, were considered asof the first importance if we hadalways asked n what can he do ? ninstead of n how much does he earn ? nour Theatre would have been readyto meet the present emergency.Disraeli, one of our few great states- men who have ever understood thesecret and the power of art, wrote in1844 that nin England we too oftenalternate between a supercilious neglectof genius and a rhapsodical pursuit ofquacks". In 1914 the neglect andhe pursuit were both doing well, andthe strangest thing about it was thatthe quacks we ran after were foreigners- it would be invidious to mentiontheir nationality while the geniusso neglected was plentiful among ourown countrymen. Absurdity could nofurther g0.... and we considered our- selves a patriotic nation I Perhaps weneeded a great war to bring out themanhood of u5.... to save us frombehaving longer like a pack of sillyand ignorant society women who willrave about any new foreign artist as ifhe were the latest Paris hat.But has it saved us ?We have got rid of Reinhardt for t lIIHBIIiW ,I&gt;—SJITTH IIIUII—the moment, but where is our ownman? Where is even the man theman of genius among our Allies ?We don't even know his name ! It islucky that we are more clear-sighted though still slow in military questions.Yet the Theatre too is a matter of lifeand death to the nation of mentallife and death. Can anyone doubt it ?It is a sign of mental death or atleast of atrophy to abandon truth morder to run after a 1ie.... and quacksare liars.But suppose we descend from theheights from Genius which so oftenoccupied the thoughts of Disraeli to the humbler places where we findEndeavour. Could you believe thateven Endeavour is neglected in theEnglish Theatre ? Yet it is.It is this fact that utterly routs allarguments which can be advanced bythose who somehow or other seem tolook on Genius as a red rag. Theyalways like to fancy that Endeavour isrecognized, appreciated and made use ofby our nation that Endeavour is pro- per whereas Genius is merely hungry.They like to fancy that EnglishEndeavour is never overlooked, Butit is.q We are asked to suppose thataccording to the English standard.q The one and only thing whichmust be learned by both those whowork ill and those who work well, isto compromise with all the vulgarity oftheatrical business; they who will doso are then looked upon as successfulmen, and upon those base levels they are successful. This is what we areasked to believe is to be allowed tocontinue.If this state of things continues afteryears of a war that calls to all of usfor far other things than compromise,then no English Theatre worth thename can possibly emerge.Yet there is still plenty of n moneyin the theatre. "In this connection it is significant tonote the wholesale way in which allthose n good old n Music-hall Directorshave been knighted. It has long beenpreposterous to knight any artist onemay almost say that it is preposterousnowadays to knight a valiant soldier.The old-time honour has lost itsmeaning, and I say this no matter whatservices these business men may haverendered their country in the way ofbusiness. That is nothing new, butthe paradox in war-time has becomemore apparent the absurdity moreglaring. Never did I admire JohnGalsworthy so much as when hegraciously declined a thing thrownhim at the last minute by telegram.TELEGRAM!! Tremendous vulga- rity ! Is this the England we all careabout ?is it does these things? Couldit not occur to someone anyone even a maid of honour with influencethat instead of a knighthood sucha man as Galsworthy should be askedto accept the means of carrying outhis ideas for the improvement of therace ? this being Galsworthy's pur- pose in his art. Any means he pre- fers ? A theatre perfectly equipt would not Galsworthy make it worthits cost to the nation ?Money is a thing of no value exceptit be used with a free hand, and forworthy objects.... not only for purposesof destruction. Construction costs evenmore: well then, spend it or getready for spending it when Peacesurprises us. And then let the Theatrehave its share. So that the People maynot be cheated of a thing dear to them.Let our Zangwills and Galsworthysthere are not many of the samecalibre fight for this. There willthen be some hope for Art in theTheatre. At present there is onlyBusiness, which, while being a verygood servant, is a bad master.... even when knighted. THE ANCIENT DRAMA PRE- SERVED THE MASK AND ITDID WELL - FOR THE MASKIS THE SECRET OF ITS POWER,CHARLES NODIER. A PRAYER. by AN ACTOR. SIR Rabindranath Tagore.... whosebooks even during these disturbingtimes are to be seen heaped upon thebooksellers' counters in ever increasingheaps which the public reduce in thetwinkling of a day.... Sir RabindranathTagore once wrote a short essay onthe Stage. In it he said that thePlay was the thing, and that " theartificial platform with its hangingcanvas is not worthy of the Poet....and that acting has forlornly to awaitthe coming of the Drama since onlyin its company can it display its charms n.He also said some other things aboutus.Although written eighteen years ago,about the year 1900, Sir RabindranathTagore reprinted his essay in anAmerican Journal in 1915, and addeda note saying 11 My opinion has notaltered n.TO Sir Rabindranath Tagore for hismany noble qualities, his highaspirations and so much more besides....a reverence as sincere as a Westernercan promise. That done, a prayer..,,on my knees I pray :... to some courtierof the only-living God I address myself.Say this to your Master.... andmind you put it in my words, bluntas they are.€J &lt;n_l am an actor. Have I theright to live ?11 I am cast out to right and toleft by men down here.... Have Istill the right to live ?€| n I beseech you to tell me orshow me.... and if so be, I pray thatthe truth you reveal to me may berevealed also unto a noble Indian whosewords show me that in his mind I amtorn, wrenched away from that towhich I belong, from which I grew,and which I strove to create afreshand to keep alive.... my father andmy 50n.... my theatre.n I am not able to speak as SirRabindranath speaks ; but then he hasbeen privileged to see so much moreof the All-Highest than ever wasvouchsafed unto me.n When I first read what this knighthad written about my calling, I reallyfelt anger ; then I doubted his word ;and lastly I turn to you. I really donot know if I am condemned by theAll-Highest or no. We actors havedone badly, 1 can but admit this.• • • • • ••••• ••■ We might try again. And if wetry again, are we to continue in lovingsympathy and helpful comradeship with the gracious poets and priests, andthose who are both and those who areneither one nor t'other ?n And are we to make the firstadvances?... for there is somethingmore than a little hatred betweenu5.... there is, I fear, the pale shadowof contempt. We know we deserve itbecause we have never been able toinvent the beautiful words that givesuch a polish to our expression ; andall we could do was to inspire someof the best poets in their creations.... togive them clues.... hints.... merenothings.... and in return these greatmen (two especially, whom if I dared,I would commend to your notice) havebeen mostly kind enough to cracksome of our own jokes right bang inthe middle of their plays.n But since that so very noble aman as Sir Rabindranath Tagore hasturned his eyes our way.... and sincehe has furthermore been so gracious asto condemn u5.... to push us back, soto speak, into the narrow, dark andunpleasant room from which the sonof our thrice-blessed Ellen Terry hadbut yesterday rescued u5.... we fearthat we may have to stay there forWho knows how many years more.We were escaping, please tell theAll-Mighty.... we really were.... thisis no idle boast. We were allgathering outside the stage door, myriadsof us, ready to shout and sing, whenthis message from Sir Rabindranath(who we know must be very high infavour Up Yonder) was burst upon us." It practically tefls us that we arenot fit to live. We have consultedone with another and we feel that itamounts to an ultimatum. I wantedto know if it meets with your entireapproval.... that is all."P. S. And if a prayer may haveits postscript I wish to add that I havetalked it over once more with myfellows and we have decided that,whatever happens, we will " stick itout ".... with apologies for the humblecolloquialism.... ,! see it through ", anddo our very best to become in futureages poets.... dramatic poets.... theatrepoets; for when we have achievedthis we shall not have to offend thosewho feel that a real poet is too nobleto stoop to undo the latchet of hisown shoe n. BOOK REVIEWS. PER AMIGA SILENTIA LUNSE.by W. B. Yeats. (Macmillan &amp; Co.)1918. Pr/ce 4/6. THAT which we do not understandeither seems to us terrifying orabsurd.... if not this it makes us feelabsurd. We admit that we feel a bitawkward before Mr Yeats* new book.It is one of those profound littleworks which yawn before us like anabyss as we trip or stumble along ourlittle path.... and no amount of ribaldrycan bring us to the brink :... what usein looking down the terrible gulf whenwe haven't even the nerve to get upto the edge ? And there, flying up anddown like a butterfly, is Mr Yeats athis ease.It is a fine spectacle.... Need wefeel absurd ? Must we ?... or may wenot applaud from the last row in thegallery.... the front row being far toonear the brink.I have before now been to atheatre and understood nothing of whatwas going on.... and therefore ratherdisliked the performer on the stage.Then I have gone once more andrather liked him.... then once againand found him interesting.... I wasbeginning to understand what everyoneelse understood all the time.I think it will be so for me withMr Yeats' new book. I am at presentout of it.... through a certain thick- headed state into which it hasevidently pleased God to call me. Sowhat is writ of in his book I do notsee clearly about.... but I may beallowed to cheer up by feeling I knowits writ in beautiful prose.There are some reviewers of bookswho in their teens will speak as I havespoken out of sheer " superiority "....as who should say, 0 the book isabove me ".... They often get thesack, such reviewers, for shirking theirduty in shamming dead.I am not shamming. Even whenI lived so far away from Ireland asCeylon I always went down to meetthe boat which brought over a bookfrom Mr Yeats. His name was oneof the names we often liked to repeataloud at home during the week. Wefelt we knew him.... to us he seemeda real human being.... I had neverread his work on William Blake orhis n Good and Evil ", but his verseand his writings about Ireland and theIrish Theatre, these made us alwaysgay at heart.So if I do not understand this bookmay be it's not for me. .. not even for the Gods in the back row of theGallery.Our Poet is playing to somethingfurther 5ti11.... his voice and gesturesgo over our heads. He is playing tothe moon.I turn my thoughts once more to- wards the stage. Everyone else inthe theatre is still rapt.... gazing atthe figure in the centre of this stage.How lonely I feel!... So, as no onewill notice, I lift my hand and open alittle shutter which I see above myhead. Ah, there is the m00n.... Iturn and look long into that warmwhite face.1 hear Mr Yeats still speaking downthere.... I watch the moon still. Isee no change in that seeminglyeverlasting Inconstant.How silent now!... I grow c01d.... Iturn to look at the stage again.... Whathas happened?... Stage.... author....audience.... all have gone.... down thereis only the street.... grey and misty:...no lights. Why did I turn to lookat the moon ?... God bless me, I amtalking to myself.... This won't do 1 CONTARINI FLEMINGo by B.Disraeli. o WHAT is that you said?... I hadsent you a note saying " Read1 Contarini Fleming 1 by Disraeli n....and you said to someone who waswriting to* me, " Tell him I read thatyears ago when he was a child n.I meant no harm, I pretended nodiscovery. I was not puffed up. AllI wanted was that you might share apleasure with me.€f But it is not unusual for us aswe grow older to forget that a bookwe have once read is no older thanit was, and that though we have readit once.... say twice.... if we read itagain we may discover it anew.The best of a work of art is that,as it stands alone, is in no way relatedto persons living at the time it wasmade or since, it must always be akind of paradise which we may enteror leave whenever we wish.I find that Disraeli's novels are justsuch a paradise.... and Contarini Flemingis full of angels and mysterious voices.Not "so mysterious that I don't knowwhether I'm in Heaven or Hell, butblissfully mysterious: ....no nl' artnouveau " about them nothingchic.... and no touch of a stanceabout them.Human.... and wonderful. It is entrancing to get fresh assurancethat the wonderful and the Heavenlymay be human.We are, may be, inclined to pose alittle too long in our Celestial attitudes.Forgetting to move in time we discoverto our consternation that we havebecome frozen and can't get down.We get into those attitudes.... onthose lonely pedestals ....in a niche toavoid the crowd.We avoid a crowd when we getqueer in our hearts about friendliness.A thousand friends may break fromus or we from them, the crowd is everfaithful.... and what is more, everinscrutable.... wise.... tremendous. Toreject the crowd is no way for asuperior sort of fellow to carry on. Ialways find that it is only in the crowdthat ghosts are to be found. I likeghosts.... being rather mystically besoaked.I was brought up on fairies and onall the strange folk-lore of a northernland and so the mists are in me. AndI have for this reason the everlastinghankering to see what is called theinvisible and hear strange voices whichothers say they cannot hear.I always succeed by going into acrowd. Once there I know I shallsoon see and hear. And indeed onlylast week, in the Piazza del Popolo,the great Piazza, and packed withpeople.... a mysterious figure approachedme, and, smiling, held out its hand tome saying, n You have been longexpected n.How familiar these words soundedto me! 1 replied without hesitation,n If I have been long expected I haveat length arrived n.It did not occur to me till long afterthat I had been echoing the verywords of Contarini and many otherhuman beings. It seemed so mysteriousto me at the time.Now I beg of you to save me allfurther talk, and if you've ever readthe book read it once more.... and sayif it isn't worth a hundred hundredmodern novels. " SENLIS," by Cicely Hamilton. W.Collins Sons &amp; Co. Ltd, London 1917.Price 3/6 net. A pleasantly rambling book, illustratedby photographs of the ruins ofSenlis after the Germans left it. In spiteof the devastation it records, we feelthe atmosphere of old France and that" pretty little town.... " " the favouriteabode of the lover of peace and comfort n. We read of a grass-grownRoman arena, once the scene ofgladiatorial combats; and surely Churchand Stage have seldom been so closelyconnected as here, where the ancientChurch of St. Aignan was, before thewar, the town theatre.Miss Hamilton gives us a sombrethought : n What, you wonder, willarise on the place of the older dignityof the ruined towns, of the older pro- portion and sturdiness? Will it not berows of small jerry-built houses, runup all across France.... accustomingthe eye pf a new generation to angleswithout grace, to monotony and shoddypretentiousness ?... Featureless littlevillages, set down on the soil, notrooted in it; featureless little citiesthat have not grown, measured outby the block and the yard.... n Cannothing be done to save the newgeneration, for which we are supposedto be fighting, from this fate ? Matthew Arnold. THE THEATREIS IRRESISTIBLE.ORGANIZE THETHEATRE. ANATOLE FRANCE. » | HAVE AN INFINITE DESIRE1 TO SEE MARIONNETTESREPLACE LIVING ACTORS.IF I MUST SPEAK ALL MYTHOUGHT, ACTORS SPOIL THEPLAY FOR ME. I MEAN GOODACTORS, SUCH AS ARE FOUNDAT THE COMEDIE FRANQAISE.THEIR TALENT IS TOO GREAT.IT COVERS EVERYTHING."