The mask 10 4 October 1924 naau_1924-10_01 The mask 10 4 A CARICATURE. MAX BEERBOHM. THEATRICAL MANAGER (LONDON W. C. I) "VOT ITH ALL THITH MAHTHK?" See "The Mask", July 1924, p. 96, "Not until England chooses to drive away the hundreds of petty somebodies, ceases straining an ear to the mumbling of "certain critics, those poseurs who have kept our Theatre under for these last twenty years, not till then will there be room "for the better workers. Until England clears out the underhand Professional "manipulators" and invites the new men "in, the English Theatre will be forced into the background by other European theatres." Illustration 2 A STEP IN A NEW DIRECTION. J. S cre 3-4 Plate 19. Illustration 5 JOHN EVELYN AND THE THEATRE IN ENGLAND, FRANCE, AND ITALY. GORDON CRAIG cre 7-24 Plan showing the stre et in Paris where Du Posse lived and engraved. and was visited by Evelyn in 1647. From the "Plan de Paris dessine et grave sous les ordres de Michel-Etienne Turgot, etc. commence en 1734, achev6 de graver en 1739, etc. par Louis Bretez. Illustration 8 NORTHERN VIEWS. 1797 AND 1923. J. B cre 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 Untitled Image Illustration 24 THE PALLADIAN SCENE AND PROSCENIUM BEFORE IT APPEARED IN TEATRO OLIMPICO IN VICENZA. A NOTE ON THE DESIGN FACING C. G. S cre 24 PALLADIAN SCENES AND PROSCENIUM FROM THE EDITION OF VITRUVIUS EDITED BY BARBERO. VENEZIA. 1567. Supposed to represent the Viiruvius idea, it represents more certainly the Palladian idea of the Teatro Olimpico 1680• (See page 160 for Note upon this)* Page 161. Illustration 25 THE USE OF GAS IN THEATRES AN ESSAY BY WILKIE COLLINS (1881) WITH A FOREWORD JOHN BALANCE cre 27 FOREWORD. 27-29 Untitled Text 28 THE AIR AND THE AUDIENCE. CONSIDERATIONS ON THE ATMOSPHERIC INFLUENCES OF THEATRES. WILKIE COLLINS. WRITTEN IN 1881-1882 cre 29-31 Untitled Image Illustration 31 THE PRETTY THEATRE X. Y. Z cre 32-34 Untitled Image Illustration 34 IT was enough for Balyllus to be a clown, to 34 Untitled Image Illustration 34 LA LOGE A L'OPERA. Design by J. M. Moreau, le jeune. (1741-1814), engraved by Patas (1748-1817) between 1775 and 1783. Plate 20. Illustration 35 "When the Marquis Maffei was at Mr Pope's at Twickenham, the latter showed "him the design of an Ancient Theatre at Verona. The Marquis said the artist had "done very well, but that it was all a whim (Favola) ; Mr Pope begged his pardon, "assured him that 'twas a reality; and convinced him that it was so, from an allowed if old writer on the Antiquities of Verona Spence's Anecdotes. (1820). Why Mr Pope should have troubled to discuss this matter with a man so utterly out of touch with Twickenham as Scipione Maffei, a man who lived far away in Verona, we shall never know. How confused Maffei must have been, ...he, the author of "Verona illustrata only one volume of which is devoted to Anhteatru It is said that the Marquis, greatly humbled on perceiving his ignorance, asked Mr Pope to tell him whether the fable of Jutiet's tomb was in like manner a reality. Assuredly, Sir rapped out Mr Pope: the historian adds, that i( he convinced the Marquis of the truth of this by reading him the first act of the Shakespearean play The Marquis then admitted that he needed no further proo , Of although Mr Pope was perfectly willing to tead the four remaining acts. Page 171. Illustration 37 THEATRE, ENTERTAINMENT AND EXPERIMENT. SOME QUESTIONS J. K cre 39-43 Untitled Image Illustration 43 THE OLD THEATRES OF PIACENZA. A. M. NASALI-ROCCA cre 43-45; 47; 49 PLAN OF THE ANCIENT TEATRODEI.LE SALINE, P1ACENZA, (CIRCA 1592: PARI). (From Paliastrelli MS. No. 258. This Plan is reproduced by kind permission of the "Associazione Amici dell'Arte" of Piacenza Plate 21. Illustration 45 PLAN OF THE TEATRO DICITTA DELTA, PIACENZA (ALSO CALLED DUCALE). {CIRCA 16 so. PA PI). From Pallastrelli MS. No, 258. Illustration 47 GROUND PLAN OF THE CASINO DEI VIRTUOSI JOINED TO THE TEATRO DI C1TTADELLA, PIACENZA. From Pallastrelli MS. No, 258. These two Plans are reproduced by kind permission of the "Associazione Amici dell'Arte" of Piacenza. Plate 22. Illustration 47 Untitled Image Illustration 49 SIR HENRY IRVING. FROM A SKETCH MADE Of THE ENGLISH ACTOR PAUL RENOUARD cre 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 THE MASK 49 Untitled Image Illustration 49 THE PRODUCER. LENNOX ROBINSON cre 50 A PROTEST FROM AN ACTOR. TO THE EDITOR. 51 Untitled Image Illustration 51 No. Two of these designs shows us how the actors of a hundred years ago travelled from town to town in France, when visiting small theatres which had no Scenery, (Editor). Illustration 51 TEATRO DELLA FENICE VENICE. A NOTE GEORGES DEVOTO cre 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 WHEREVER THERE IS 52 Untitled Image Illustration 52 PLAN OF THE SITE ON WHICH THE TEATRO FEN ICE CAME TO BE BUILT IN VENICE. PLAN DRAWN BY ARCH. G. B. SELVA. 1755-1819. The shape of this site we rather think might baffle most architects in to the sites on which they are to build. The irregularity of the sites in London and Pans today. If we may be at all critical of a body of men Venice did not prevent hundreds of master architects from erecting a who at all times have our admiration, we would say that they are apt to city which for beauty is probably second to none. For a Note on this spoil the appearance of a city because thay expect too regular a shape Plan see page 182. Plate 23 Illustration 53 PLAYWRIGHTS, CRITICS, AND "THE GORDON CRAIG LEGEND ASHLEY DUKES cre 55 Untitled Image Illustration 55 FOREIGN NOTES. 56 Untitled Image Illustration 56 TWICKENHAM AND THE WORLD. X cre 56 Untitled Image Illustration 56 BOOK REVIEWS. 57-61 Untitled Image Illustration 57 FOUR BOOKS. J. B cre 57 THE DRAMA IN EUROPE IN THEORY AND PRACTICE, by Eleonor F. Jourdain, M. D. Oxon. Methuen. London. 5/—. LORENZO DA PONTE by Joseph Louis Russo. Ph. D. Oxford University Press. London. 11/6 net. E. E cre 58 THE ORGANIZED THEATRE by St John Ervine. George Allen &amp; Unwin. London. 7/6. D. N. L cre 58 THE TWENTIETH CENTURY THEATRE by Frank, Vernon. Harrap. London. 5/— net. C cre 58-59 FORMWILLE DER ZEIT by L. W. Rochowanski; with 93 Plates. Burg Verlag. Wien. G. C cre 59-60 MY LIFE IN ART by Constantin Stanislawsky. Little Brown &amp; Co. Boston. 1924. $6. net, STUDIO AND STAGE by Joseph Harker. Nisbet &amp; Co. London. 1924. 12/6 net. 60 THE BIRTH LIFE AND DEA TH OF SCARAMOUCH By Master Angelo Constantini: Translated from the First Edition published in Paris, 1695, by Cyril IV. Beaumont. Published at the Sign of the Harlequin's Bat, 75 Charing Cross Road, London. £ I. I. O. net C cre 60 SLAPSTICK AND DVMBELL, hy Hiler Harzherg &amp; Arthur Moss. 1 he Leer am Press ; Paris. C. C cre 60-61 TWO PLAYS BY ANTON TCHEKHOF AND ONE BY ALFRED DE MUSSET. Translated by George Calderon. Grant Richards. 10/6 net. L cre 61 THE LIFE OF CESARE BORGIA 61 THE GLAMOUR OF ITALY (Sensations dTtalie) by Paul Bourget: Translated by Lauretta Maitland. Elkin Matthews. 10/6 net. L cre 61 Untitled Image Illustration 61 EDITORIAL NOTES. 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 THE OLD VIC PLAYERS 62 o INCORRECT. o 62 TO OUR READERS &amp; CRITICS. 62 NOW FOR 1925. J. S cre 62 Untitled Image Illustration 62 "Heuzé's autobiography, presented above with his self-portrait, is warmly endorsed by the authors of this "book as a masteipiece of brevity. Consider it in comparison with the long-winded self-histories of ex"ambassadors corrected at CAM. OK ambassadors and politicians which constitute such a large proportion of America's recent literary output." Extract from "Slapstick and Dumbbell" by Hiler Harzberg and Arthur Moss. Plate 24. Illustration 63 THE MASK1924 140 THE MASKmm w « ftl ec Em 18Kj &gt;-1908 fftC _r°1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 "HE MASK924 THE MASK5924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 THE MASK1924 All Rights reserved. October 1924.Gerente responsabile Antonio Mar aim*'Tipografia Giuntina, Firenze, THE MASK19 2 4 A CARICATURE. MAX BEERBOHM. THEATRICAL MANAGER (LONDON W. C. I) "VOT ITH ALL THITH MAHTHK?" See "The Mask", July 1924, p. 96, "Not until England chooses to drive away the hundreds of petty somebodies, ceases straining an ear to the mumbling of "certain critics, those poseurs who have kept our Theatre under for these last twenty years, not till then will there be room "for the better workers. Until England clears out the underhand Professional "manipulators" and invites the new men "in, the English Theatre will be forced into the background by other European theatres." A STEP IN A NEW DIRECTION. J. S. WHEN we read about the building of the Teatro Argen- tina (1 732) or the Salle des Tuileries (1 764), or of theLincoln-Inn-Fields Theatre (1 660), how few there are ofus who can see the three places in our mind s eye: howfew ever know the position of these playhouses in their respective citiesof Rome, Paris and London. So that should we ever wish to knowhow they were reached by theatre-goers of the eighteenth century, wholived, say, in the Corso or in the Rue Saint Honore or in FleetStreet, we should have to rely on something more reliable than somelucky or unlucky guess work.We all do try to guess the position of the theatres which we readabout in Evelyn, Saint Simon, or Goldoni's Memoirs; to guess the lookand position of the buildings which housed Dr. Johnson, Garrick orLe Kain; the apartments which Clairon, La Guimard or Beaumarchaiseinhabited; the mansions belonging to La Popeliniere, Conte AlessandroPepoli or Cardinal Ottoboni, those three amateurs devoted to the Theatre;or to discover where exactly was the Teatro de Granari. We shouldlike it if we could trace the road the actors took when they went downfrom their houses in Rue du Renard or Rue Tireboudin at six or seveno'clock, to play their parts at the Comedie Italien, and how long itmust have taken them to walk there; or when on April 18th 1734 Pier Francesco Biancolelli was buried in the Church of St Sauveur,we like to follow the cortege from his house in Rue Montorgueil.When we see mentioned the name of the draughtsman-engraverMoreau le Jeune, he who recorded so many pretty things about Theatres,we are eager to know where he dwelt; Abraham Bosse and Callot,too. How long did it take Bosse to get from the Due de Harlay tothe Jeu de Paume de la Croix Noire to witness a performance by theMoliere troupe? And where was Racine living that day? These and ahundred other people's whereabouts we want to know more of: wedon't want to read more; we want to look into Paris itself and see.AND it is to supply all of us with the means to do this that "TheMask " is going to issue reduced facsimiles of plans of three orfour large cities in the eighteenth century.If Racine, Moliere and Bosse were dead before 1 700, their houses,theatres or studios in Paris remained; these and the palaces, houses,streets, lanes, wells and mills known to every Parisian living at that time.And in supplying everyone with these reduced facsimiles we hopethat "The Mask" will be providing every student of Theatrical Hi- story with a valuable work.BUT more than this.These plans of the big cities are to prove of value not alone tostudents of the Theatre, but to students of Architecture, Painting, Music,and to Historians of every kind.These plans are very large; and even those who have original co- pies find them far too large for daily reference. It is like nursing thedonkey which tried to play the lap-dog to hold one of these huge fo- lios on our work-table. All very well when each plate is framed andhangs on a wall, but we cannot be continually leaping up from ourwork-tables to consult the wall.So we intend to reduce the plans to a practical size, the size of"The Mask", and publish them entire. This we believe has not beendone before.The first plan will consist of thirty full page plates showing the cityof Rome in 1748. This will appear on January 1st 1925T* (1) For further de,tails see announcements at the end of this number. Plate 19. JOHN EVELYN AND THE THEATRE IN ENGLAND, FRANCE, AND ITALY. BY GORDON CRAIG. Plan showing the stre et in Paris where Du Posse lived and engraved. and was visited by Evelyn in 1647. From the "Plan de Paris dessine et grave sous les ordres de Michel-Etienne Turgot, etc. commence en 1734, achev6 de graver en 1739, etc. par Louis Bretez. DEDICATED TO THE MEMORY OF CHARLES STUART II. PART THREE. AFTER ITALY 0). AFTER a tedious journey, through Swit- zerland, during which he was laid upfor five weeks with the small-pox, Evelynarrives at Paris in October 1646 (a); buthe falls sick again in May, loses all hisclothes and plate, recovers them, sets hisaffections on the daughter of Sir RichardBrowne, a knight who had aided him torecover the lost items, and is married toher on Thursday, June 27, 1647.Then off to England alone, to HamptonCourt, " Where I had the honour to kiss*' His Majesty's hand .... he being now in" the power of those execrable villains who" not long after murdered him." This haslittle to do with the Theatre, except thatevery good theatre-goer is, one supposes,always a Royalist, and all Royalists, (onemay suppose), love and support the theatre.9 On Wednesday, February 5th. 1648,Evelyn goes to the Cock-pit Theatre.5th. February saw a tragi-comedy acted" in the Cock-pit, after there had been" none of these diversions for many years£&lt; during the war."Already earlier in the year, on Wed- nesday, January 22nd., the House of Lordsand Commons had issued an order " sup- pressing all stage-plays, and taking downall their boxes, stages and seats, in theseveral houses where the said plays are usually acted (Collier) ; but nothing hadhappened until other orders were issued, andthe offending performers whipped, or sentto the Militia: then the Theatres were si- lenced for many a year, in fact until Charlesthe King was brought back to his kingdom.On Friday, August 28th., Evelyn went" to London .... and saw the celebratedfollies of Bartholomew Fair "." On Thursday, December 1 7th, I heard" an Italian sermon, in the Mercer's Cha- " pel, one Dr. Middleton .... preaching."I sit with poor Evelyn through this, andat every " perche " of the preacher, I tooecho " why " .... why indeed! Why arewe here, Evelyn amidst a lot of moralbutchers bent on murdering a King inabout a month from now; why are wehere to listen to the sweet Italian speechused for Puritanical purposes ? Theypreach in Italy, but there the language isfierce, or sweet, as when used in opera.Why stay so still in your pew, old friend,listening to those sounds ? In fact, Evelynstays a very short while in pew or inLondon. He departs for Paris, gettingthere in July. One day, in Paris, hecrosses the Pont Neuf, (fig. pag. 144) strollsdown to the corner of the Rue Harlaia la Rose Rouge, where dwells andworks Abraham Du Bosse, the engraver,who has given us a few designs of actorscostumed magnificently, among them the' Captain' of the old Comedy." I went to that excellent engraver, Du" Bosse, for his instruction about some'' difficulties in perspective which were deli- vered in his book ". PARIS. DEC. 28. 1649.Abraham Du Bosse had, a year pre- viously (1648), issued his " Maniere uni- verselle de M. Desargues, pour pratiquerla perspective par petit-pied comme leGeometral etc. " It is an octayo in twovolumes and contains a very finely en- graved series of plates illustrating thetreatise. There is also, by the way, avery remarkable portrait of a M. MichelLarcher, a portrait which I always findperfect. So full of life, so admirable, thesitter; so free from all flourish, the designer." That is the man I should like most tohave make a portrait of me", is whatI always feel on looking at the engraving,a plate of only 5 3/s by 3 V2.Early in the next year, Evelyn islooking at the " masquerados ", as he callsthem, and again his thoughts travel backto Italy. Doubtless then, as now, theFrench thought they excelled the Italiansin these matters. Evelyn doesn't. Notthat he finds them less fantastic, oh no—not that—but see where he touches thevery spot. " I went to see the masque- " rados, which was very fantastic ; but" nothing so quiet and solemn as I foundit in Venice". Eccola! Nothing so quiet and solemn as at Venice / A ma- squerade quiet and solemn—how is thatpossible ? Some there are in Englandand America who know about masque- rades, who have seen the ' Russian Ballet *and have been to the Chelsea Arts' Ball,and know that a masquerade cannot bequiet and solemn. You and I and Evelyncan hug our delusion to ourselves ; andwe shall not even have that delightfulyoung man, Philippe Monnier, with us.He has written of a later Venice thanEvelyn saw, and has summed it all upas being " happy Venice — happy ;what an unhappy choice of a word.But then, the delightful Monnier is onewho responds best to all that is happy—just happy; and so he dances into Venice,and all that dances and sings begins toemerge from the dark " calles " and littlenooks, and soon he has collected an im- mense crowd of little happy facts aroundhim. These he photographs and calls itVenice in the XV111 century. But it is notVenice in any century, it is but its cloak.To come to know Italy even as wellas those who have come a little nearerto her, is to learn at least, that, whenshe laughs and chatters, it is always *' soquiet and solemn " even as Evelyn foundit in Venice in the XVII century.On Monday, March 20th. he is sur- prised by a puppet play. Evelyn sur- prised, at all put out, is very fair proofthat something was out of place. " I wentthis night with my wife to a ball at theMarquis de Crevecoeur's, where were" divers Princes, Dukes, and great persons;but what appeared to me very mean was,that it began with a puppet-play ".Something was decidedly wrong withthese puppets on this evening, for as arule Evelyn delights in them ; and onlysome one who has not seen the puppetswell performed will say that it was Evelyn who was out of joint on this evening, for, aswe know, it is impossible to remain surly forlong when you can see the puppets dangling.On Saturday, May 6th., he sees theKing of France dancing. 44 I attended44 the Ambassador to a masque at Court,44 where the French King in person danced44 five entries; but being engaged in dis- 44 course, and better entertained with one4 4 of the Queen-Regent's Secretaries, I soon44 left the entertainment". Things are out ofjoint with him indeed, and it is clear thatit was not the puppets who were in fault.The piece in which Louis XIV dancedfor the first time in public was the 44 Masqueof Cassandre ", and it was performed in1651. Evelyn does not inform us if thiswas the name. Louis XIV was then thir- teen years old, and he continued to appearon the stage until 1670, dancing in 27 grandballets and many intermezzi to the delight ofthe Court and in accordance with the oldItalian tradition, which evidently held thatthe better the doer, the better the deed. ButEvelyn soon left the room; he is a littlerestless in Paris. To him, Louis XIV dancesnot so well as the men in Venice; butthen, he is somewhere in the backgroundto judge from his own words, some wherein the shade with a secretary.Five days later, he is obliged to attendanother Masque at Court. This time theMaster of the Ceremonies gets hold of himand, giving him a good seat, gets a goodnotice, as we say nowadays. The follow- ing is the clipping. 44 To the PalaceCardinal, where the Master of the Ce- remonies placed me to see the Royalmasque, or opera. The first scene re- presented a chariot of singers composedof the rarest voices that could be pro- cured, representing Cornaro, and 44 Temperance; this was overthrown by4e Bacchus and his revellers; the rest con- 44 sisted of several entries, and pageants44 of excess, by all the elements. A44 Masque representing fire was admirable;44 then came a Venus out of the clouds.44 The conclusion was an Heaven, whither44 all ascended. But the glory of the44 Masque was the great persons per- 44 forming in it, the French King, his44 brother Duke of Anjou, with all the44 grandees of the Court, the King per- 44 forming to the admiration of all. The4 4 music was twenty-nine violins, vested a44 l'antique, but the habits of the Ma- 44 squers were stupendously rich and glo- 44 rious PARIS. MAY II, 1651.And now Evelyn is packing his trunksso as to get away from France for ever,44 intending no more to go out of En- gland ". By Thursday, December 21 st, heis booking his ticket, on Monday, January29th, 1652, he goes.Evelyn's travels have come to anend, and he may now become a secondPepys, as soon as he will. He mayeven forestall him, for Pepys had not yetbegun to write his Diary. He maypotter around and interweave the Pepysianpatter into his potterings, as he lingers onthe street corner to note Nell Gwynneimagining that she represents the Theatre;unaware that all she represents is a prettyvignette to a chapter of the English stage.He may hustle and bustle and get into aseat in the pit and see King Charlesleaning over from his box, and toyingwith Lady Castlemaine in the next box.He may enter this into his diary andcause us to feel that it was all very finein those days in the English Theatre,because at last the continental trick hasbeen caught, and can be done any night as well as they do it in those foreignparts. In fact, he may become local,parochial, as soon as he likes. ButEvelyn does not like, and so to the endhe remains an Englishman quite aware ofEngland's value, and so, quite unable tobe chatty about London.Evelyn is thirty-two years old. Attwenty one he had begun his travels,and now, after eleven delightful years, hecomes home, bringing, with him, a gooddeal that is valuable for his country to use,and which it uses.He returns to find the traitor, Crom- well, affecting Kingship, and all Englandsmugly content with the damnable nonsense.But he also returns to speak with thosewho have decided to stand the nonsenseno longer. Charles II has been signalled;the good days are coming. England isabout to be herself again. Bonfires willbe lit; shouts will be raised ; the doorsof theatres will be flung open again ; some- thing splendid will re-enter England,bringing with it that larger and more na- tural ease on which all her old perfectionsshall sit so well once more.But all that was only a dream; neverwas it to be. The illusion of it was totake its place for a while; all was to lookshining, but never again was England tobe quite herself.To kill a King is bad, to allow himto be killed is worse....What sort of prowlers, what kind oftight-lipped persons, had brought about thatmost noble Stuart's fall? Who had se- vered his kingly head from his royalshoulders? Rigid Puritans perhaps, or fierceenemies ? No ; false friends. And now,though many of these, so moral, gentlemenare dead, others still wait,—prowling inthe sun on the highways, or on thebench.—Peers and vagabonds, most of them:Sir Henry This, and Sir Walter That. They wait for Charles the Second.They intend to bring him up, or bringhim down. Gadzooks, one would ima- gine 'em to be a pack of old women ;so keen are they on the educating of thispiece of humanity, and a King into thebargain.They failed to master him; for hewas a smart lad, this Charles II ; butthey managed for a time to turn hisEngland into a laughing stock for Europe ;and he, in his person, had given themsuch a chance as it was never to haveagain—such a chance in style.Evelyn is, before long, writing inhis day book, sad things for us toread.He seems to me to be more of anElizabethan than one of later date, thelarger and more ordinary ideas seem tobe his.But it is the small and extraordinaryones which are gaining ground in London;and Cromwell's coming and going, in spiteof his great honesty, did nothing to makethings larger.The old -woman instinct, the water- drinking instinct, the hypocritical instinct,a huge conceit, had begun to creep inunder the skin of our men. They wouldnot act and speak like men to their newcharge; no, no; they would influence him,bring him up, master him, and so wreckEngland once more.The present day Theatre steps forwardand replies for me, with " Please, this igno- ramus is right For the Theatre of todaylikes to bring people up too. It is bringingme up.... possibly doing it backwards,who knows.I know nothing at all about Charles IIexcept that he is, and always will be, forme, the happy memory he is supposed tobe. I know even less about Cromwell,but I know a good .song when I hear it; I can tell a good actor before he speaks,and I know when I am comfortable; andto be in a big room where everyone elseis at ease, and enioying himself, is to meto be in the abode of the gods; and acertain wisdom generally haunts such easy- going places.The Theatre is made especially for aman to be at his ease—to be happy—to seeeveryone else happy.The Theatre, therefore, has a perfectright to assert that the writer is speakingsense, when he tells you that these oldwomen-men of England wrecked her againin 1660, when Charles came home bentupon creating things.The Theatre is not always a brothel,in spite of this opinion having been ex- pressed by the manager of a theatre inZola's " Nana ". But neither is it alwaysa kind of church with a low pulpit; andit is not a place for too much talk.It is magic ground, and it is neutralground.Just because of this whatever happensthere tastes good to the Public,—until thePublic comes to question it, inspect it withcare as though it were a poison. Leftalone—stage left alone, workers left alone,each spectator left alone, no meddlingor interference one with the other, orany with the ordinary and ancient stageand its performers—and you get a greatTheatre.Begin meddling with us, and you renderit, yourselves, and your nation—ridiculous.This is what the meddling did in 1660;what it tries to do in 1924.First of all, Sir Henry Herbert, censorof plays and players. If ever I met asmug, money-grabbing piece of virtue,without any goodness in him, it is Sir Henryas Censor and Master of the Revels.Sir Henry in office, I mean; for, doubtless,Sir Henry off on a spree, was quite ano- ther story. At work, at his self-imposed(and lucrative) task of curbing the licenceof naughty persons, Sir Henry was a farce,and a dreary one into the bargain.The first person whom he determinedto curb was his gracious Majesty. OurKing thought it would be a pleasant thingto restore to the Theatre some of its oldmagic. He saw himself on this neutralground amongst his subjects all enjoyingthemselves.If he could bring that about, he sawthat England would not be half as muchtrouble to govern, as when everyone wason edge all the time, always so damnedformal, in every place, and for everyreason, formal and stiff and done for.So he favoured the idea of having aneasy Theatre. Being the man he was, hewas the last to want a licentious theatre.The idea was repugnant to him. A man,I take it, who liked to see things in theirright places, he wanted to see the oldmagic in the Theatre, the old common- sense in the Counting House, the oldvirtue in the Church, and the " old wo- man " to the devil. Old ladies, old andfragile men, these he made provisions for;dear old ladies should have houses for no- thing; everything should be in its right place.But he admitted by his eye-brows —they twitched surely,—that he was damnedpuzzled that so many old women weremanaging his Kingdom and making a messof it; and all through their trying to beso infernally conscientious. Taking it forgranted that he might do a little managingby himself, he granted D'Avenant andKillgrew patents to erect two magicTheatres. D'Avenant and Killgrew have withthem the best actor of the age, ThomasBetterton. The King, who knows a goodplate of fruit when he sees it, doesn't he- sitate about this group of men. He haddoubtless seen better actors in Paris, wherethe finest Italians were often visitors, but,back in England, he picks out our bestmen with an unerring instinct. Or rather,when they present themselves, he doesn'treject them because they don't look likepriests and water-drinkers.But Sir Henry Herbert is not goingto stand it. He has been poking aboutwith a fork in the plate of fruit, and hascome upon a scandalous and unheard-ofthing. One of the apples has a wormin it.Like never taking very kindly to like,(when not pretty), Sir Henry will reject thewhole plate because this particular wormhas discovered a sweeter lodging than he.This in a few words is practically thefirst part of the story of the RestorationTheatre.And see what follows. Sir Henry tellsthe lackey to " Put down that plateThe lackey does so. The sweet apples,pears, peaches, grapes, and nuts are nowalone with Sir Henry and his purpose.He unlocks the drawer of his writing desk,takes a pistol in one hand, rises, approachesthe dish of fruit ; without hesitation andwith a courage which belongs to the fool- hardy alone, he takes the plate of fruit,locks it up in a Spanish cabinet, puts thekey in his pocket, and allows it to rot, tobreed myriads of worms, to stench thewhole of the neighbourhood, and thentriumphantly points out its rottenness tohis friends and relations.Thus ends the story of the EnglishRestoration Theatre.Because certain idiotic men in Englandhave for years utterly misunderstood the whole nature of the Theatre, and mankind'suse for a Theatre, England has beenalways without a real stage; that price- less spot in its neutral ground is built over.Killgrew, D'Avenant, Betterton, and KingCharles were none of them particularlyinterested in any trifling innovations suchas actresses, operas, perspective sceneries,and the like. But inasmuch as these triflesoutraged the obstinate soul of Sir HenryHerbert and a dozen others, so did thepack who followed take up their cry: withsuch fervour that even ordinary people pausedto listen and look, and, seeing somethingtroubling, began also to trouble: andactresses, in spite of their having been ahuge success in Italy, (and a most ordinaryone), become, in London, a scandal. Andthe actresses had to live up to their new- gained English reputation. So with theopera and the perspectives, and the othernovelties: cried-out-at as though unheard- of, they took on unheard-of attitudes.Into this kind of England steps Evelyn.He had seen all these excellent thingsabroad; and he returns to find them con- sidered eccentric and out-of-place.: placedout-of-place by the Educationalists, thosehard, matter-of-fact, yet perfect, obstinates.He straightway goes to see the worksof Reeves. This is in 1652 ; but, until1659, he has no chance of visiting anyplay-houses. For the usurper, OliverCromwell, had closed them, and theydared not disobey until he died, and thenew usurper Richard Cromwell came intothe remnants of power. Then the Theatrebegins to stir.Meantime let us see what in the interimEvelyn comes across, which can, to someextent, be called of the Theatre. " I went" to see some workmanship of the admi- " rable artist, Reeves, famous for perspec- " tive (1652) —" We all dined at&lt;! that most obliging and universally curious Doctor Wilkin's, at Wadham College."45 ( Oxford,1654). " .... he had alsocontrived an hollow statue, which gave" a voice and uttered words, by a longconcealed pipe that went to its moulh (e)whilst one speaks through it at a good4' distance."AtEltham(1656) "wasshown" me a pretty perspective, and well repre- sented in a triangular box, the great' church of Haarlem in Holland, to be" seen through a small hole at one of thecorners, and contrived into a small hand- some cabinet, it was so rarely done,that all the artists and painters in townflocked to see it."All this is very little, and yet theseplayful things, these hollow statues, per- spectives, triangular boxes, have somethingin them; they at least lack the awfulseriousness which forbids all that is playfulto play, which condemns all that is pleasingto the eye and ear as vile; and onemust have eyes and use them as Evelyndoes, to admit them to a place in thememory,—as the wise one " who knows"does not. One knows that philosophy andthe true wisdom as preached by Dr. Frenchat St. Martin's Oxford on July 9th., 1654;the mathematical instruments seen at St.John's, Oxford; the gardens at Alburyand Box Hill, Dorking and Evelyn's owngarden at Say es Court; the visit to theDutch Ambassador; Sir J. Winter's projectfor charring sea-coal; Colonel Blount'sinvention of the adometer (derived fromLeonardo da Vinci, by the way); theEarl of Northumberland's collection ofpictures,—one knows that all these thingsnre of so much more importance than apenny peep-show or a puppet; but thereis time, sometimes, even for these littlethings ; and, when London has its fits ofpurging the Earth of such scandalous things as puppets and pleasurable nothings,the time is very ripe for a lot more ofthem.And now, ( London1659), the thea- tres begin to open. During the anarchyand confusion which swiftly follows thedeath of Oliver Cromwell, Evelyn goes toa performance, for though he is engagedhe yet cannot say no. "I went to visit" my brother in London, and next day, to" see a new opera, after the Italian way,in recitative, music and scenes, muchinferior to the Italian composure and ma- " gnificence, but it was prodigious that in" a time of such public consternation sucha vanity should be kept up or permit- ted. (g) I being engaged with company," could not decently resist the going to see" it, though my heart smote me for it".LONDON, MAY 5, 1659.The ' new opera was probablyD Avenant s " The history of Sir FrancisDrake" (1659) which was performed atthe Cockpit Theatre in Drury Lane.This " opera " was a very long wayafter the Italian way of doing opera,and it is not until twelve years later, ac- cording to Evelyn, that a genuine operafrom Italy is heard and seen in London.It is the year 1660. Back comesKing Charles II. to England and his throne, bringing with him a natural likingfor merry tunes, cheerful plays, jolly andswagger shows, and a sense of everythinghandsome about him. It puzzles me often,as 1 wonder what possessed him to leavethe post of Master of the Revels in thehands of any but a well-travelled man ;such a man as Evelyn, for example.For a born traveler will linger in citiesseeing the best that is to be seen, andunderstanding it. How easy then wouldit have been for an Evelyn, as revel-master,to have submitted to King Charles plans,sections and elevations of the theatres inParma, in Vicenza and in Venice, andwith what delight King Charles, wouldhave encouraged all and any plans whichwould furnish London with some serioustheatre, and one or two of the gayerkind. I can then see Evelyn being sentto pay another visit to Italy, to look forsome artists who might come to London,while our English artists were invited toVenice. I can see this because I am blind.But some one touches me on the shoulderas I write, and my pen slows down. Asthough in a train that has stopped at nostation, but by some hedge-row: everyonepopping heads out from the window andlaving sensational moments. But there isnothing really sensational; rather a dullfact—the stoker is drunk ; and what butintoxicated am 1 with this hope of whatnever was and what never will be ?Always this intoxicating fantasy about manand his kind ; the delusion that when hecomes to his pleasures he will treat thewhole chance differently from the way inwhich he faces his pains. If politics, ifthe sciences, if religions, if trade must bepainful, must be handled with becomingfear, caution and solemnity, with angular precision by the water-drinkers, why cannotthey recognise that the arts are just theopposite of such things and need quiteanother way of approach and touch.With ease, and with happiness, in theholiday spirit, not necessarily the 4 arf''oliday touch, but the whole holiday swing.All over the earth artists are at work,and all over the earth there are artistsout-of-work, the same men who areworking to-day are to-day 4 out-of-work.'44 What, unpaid?" someone asks, andadds, " It is money then, which you holdcreates art—what an insufferable notion! "No, it is not money which creates art,but it is not possible for people to seeplays, read stories, get pictures, hearmusic, walk amidst architecture, unlessmoney is forthcoming to make these things.Dreamed, they can be, planned out too,without money, but realised—no. AndI still have the delusion that the holidayspirit, if carefully nourished, if a bit lavishlyentered into, tends to bring about friendlinessbetween nations, friendliness between men athome, between religions and everything.Nations should be able to say to each other:44 However much we differ on these 499" points, however angry we become, howe- " ver proud, tricky, boisterous, our mood,44 we have all one mood in common—the4 4 holiday one. Here we only vie one44 with another to please. England sends44 Italy six artists, and Italy sends England44 six; France sends three poets to Ger- 44 many, Germany sends three sculptors to44 France; and we all of us send Dramas44 and Operas, solely to give delight, not as44 propaganda—which is a notion utterly44 puerile and wasteful—but to give de~44 light, to relax the stiff poker minds and44 persons among us."There might be two seasons in everyyear, when these theatrical holidays coulcfreshen every land, and when we coulc all emerge from our tense political states ofmind, and enter the holiday state. Duringthe spring forty thousand of our rulersmight take a rest while the other fortythousand remained on duty,... and thesein the autumn would get their rest,... justfour to six days.Evelyn' s next theatrical entry is in 1661..... After divers years since I had seen44 any play, I went to see acted 4 TheScornful Lady' at a new theatre atLincoln's Inn Fields." Four times in 1661he goes to search in a theatre for some- thing with style in it and gets mererubbish. 44 1 was so idle as to go to44 see a play called 4 Love and Honour'." h)It is only at the end of the year thathe comes across a play-bill announcing44 Hamlet by W. Shakespeare tonight at...."With what delight does he go; but oncoming home that night, in what astrange voice does he speak of the half- empty house, and the attitude of Englishplaygoers towards this priceless posses- sion. 44 I saw Hamlet, Prince of Denmark44 played, but now the old plays began44 to disgust this refined age, since HisMajesty's being so long abroad." ...." Isaw a French comedy acted at White- 44 hall."The theatre-going of Evelyn for 1662consists of seeing seven pieces; or ratherof seeing six, and hearing one rehearsed.Evelyn is very particular whether he goesto see or to hear. 44 Igo to see a whole,I go to listen to a part," is what he willtell you. G) 44 I saw acted the Third Partof the Siege of Rhodes. In this acted" the fair and famous Comedian calledRoxalana from the part she performed, 44 and I think it was the last, she being44 taken to be the Earl of Oxford's miss44 (as at that time they began to call" lewd women). It was in recitative44 music." Seven days later he gets anothershock, for at the Cockpit Theatre in White- hall 44 This night was acted before His Ma- 44 jesty 4 The Widow' a lewd play."The next day he hurries away fromLondon. 44 I came home to be private a44 little, not at all affecting the life and44 hurry of Court." Life and hurry isbut moderately stating it.Still, by next month, on Saturday,February 1 1 th., he is back at the Theatre.44 I saw a comedy acted before the Du- 44 chess of York at the Cockpit. The44 King was not at it."On Wednesday, October 1 6th., Evelynwrites, 44 I saw 4 Volpone ' acted at Courtbefore their Majesties." So the Court islooking up! Then November 20th.44 Dined with the comptroller, Sir Hugh44 Pollard; afterwards saw 4 The Young44 Admiral' acted before the King."All goes well. Then, 44 I dined with44 the Master of the Mint, where was44 old Sir Ralph Freeman, passing my44 evening at the Queen Mother's Court,44 at night saw acted 4 The Committee ',44 a ridiculous play of Sir R. Howard,44 where the mimic, Lacy, acted the Irish44 footman to admiration."Better and better, Evelyn had lately seenat Windsor Castle some paintings of Lacy,44 the famous Roscius or comedian,"this variety artist, as he would be calledto-day. These paintings were by 44 Mr.Michael Wright," a Scotchman who wasborn about 1625 and who died in 1700,and who, for some reason, signed his pic- tures J. M. Ritus. The Lacy portraits were three andwere on one canvas; "as a gallant, aPresbyterian Minister, and a Scotch High- lander in his plaid," i. e. as " Teague "in " The Committee," the play Evelyn sawon November 27th; as " Scruple" in "TheCheats," by John Wilson and as" Gaillard " in 44 The Variety. "A supposed copy of this painting is inthe Garrick Club and is attributed toWright (1675), but on the back is inscri- bed, " John Lacy, one of His Majesty's44 Comedians, representing Parson Scruple" in 'The Cheat', in the 4 Taming of" the Shrew ' (m\ and Monsieur de Vice"in £ The Country Captain'. M. Wright44 1 675 ".On December 1 7th, Evelyn " saw actedbefore the King 4 The Law against Lo- vers —a tragi-comic blend of 4 Measurefor Measure', and 4 Much Ado AboutNothing ' by D'Avenant.On December 23rd. he goes to arehearsal of "The Adventure of 5 Hours "(n)at the Duke's Theatre, and on January 8th.goes to see it performed. " I went tosee my kinsman, Sir George Tuke's co- medy acted at the Duke's Theatre, whichtook so universally, that it was acted forsome weeks every day, and it was be- lieved it would be worth to the comedians£400 or £500. The plot was incom- " parable, but the language stiff and formal."He is rather severe with his kinsman'spart of the work, but it may becomeclearer why, when we read of certainplays of his own which he read to Pepys,but which don't seem to have been actedas was Sir George Tuke's. The entry in Pepys' Diary is three years later, No- vember 5th., 1665. He had gone tosee Evelyn, and Evelyn had read to him44 part of a play or two of his making,very good, but not as he conceits them,I think, to be." Yet Evelyn is silent asto his own " play or twoIn 1663 on February 5th, he goes to see44 The Wild Gallant" at the Vere StreetTheatre.1664, Feb. 5th, " I saw 4 The Indian44 Queen ' acted, a tragedy well written," so beautiful with rich scenes as the like44 had never been seen here, or haply" (except rarely) elsewhere on a mercenary44 theatre ".Perhaps he means by this reference to a" mercenary theatre " that he will notcompare this production of " The IndianQueen " with the productions he had seenin Venice, because those were produced asa rule without thought of " making it pay,"the theatres being one of the aristocraticItalian sports, as was football, which tothe Italian was not merely a game ofstrength, but was as much a game ofskill and beauty as was and is also the ban- ner-throwing at Siena. In the Barriera too, strength there had to be, and therehad to be beauty—or the thing wouldhave seemed not worth doing to theItalians of that day.April 27th he sees " Love in a TubCfl And now the sad results of Sir HenryHerbert's policy in dealing with the thea- tre and its " lewd plays " begin to appearin an entry of 1666. Why should a thea- trical performance be 4 lewd' ? Why shouldthe theatre appeal to our temperament asthe most fit pi ace in which to introducewhat Hamlet calls 44 country matters"?The spectators have the ordering of thesethings, and if our good little spectator Eve- lyn had had his way he would have had thetheatres as gay, as brilliant, as he found themin Venice, but no " indecent women ".44 This night was acted my Lord Brog- 44 hill's tragedy called 4 Mustapha *,44 before their Majesties at Court, at44 which I was present; very seldom going44 to public Theatres for many reasons44 now, as they were abused to an44 atheistical liberty; foul and indecent44 women now (and never now) per- 44 mitted to appear, and act, who, in- 44 flaming several young noblemen and44 gallants, became their misses, and to44 some, their wives; witness the Earl of44 Oxford, Sir R. Howard, Prince Rupert,44 the Earl of Dorset, and another greater44 person than any of them, who fell in44 their snares to the reproach of their44 noble families, and ruin of both body44 and soul. I was invited by my Lord44 Chamberlain to see this tragedy, ex- 44 ceedingly weilwritten, though in my4 4 mind I did not approve of any such44 pastime in a season of such judgments44 and calamities ".LONDON, OCTOBER 18th., 1666.So we see that all Herbert the cen- sor, the authority over theatres, could dowas to make himself rich and gloat onhis percentages while ruining the stage ofwhich he was the guardian. But evenEvelyn and Herbert (had the latter reallytroubled himself) I fear could not haveprevented our performers from renderinga fine old Theatrical calling ridiculous,while quite convinced they were butdoing what was being done in Italy andFrance. The women and the fools hadheard that women acted in Venice,Padua, Florence, and took this to meanthat they must have been 4 lewd' asEvelyn finds these English performers—asundoubtedly they were—as assuredly inItaly they were not. Next year he goes to a ball in theCockpit Theatre in Whitehall. " I was44 present at a magnificent ball, or masque" in the theatre at the Court, where their44 Majesties, and all the great lords and" ladies danced, infinitely gallant, the men4 4 in their richly embroidered most beco- 44 ming vests ".LONDON. FEBRUARY 18 th., 1667.I wonder if the theatre was adaptedfor this ball and how it was changed.Was the dance performed on the stage orwere the seats removed?—the stage madelevel with the floor of the auditorium?—what? I suppose someone knows; .... inItaly everyone knows all such facts, forbooks recorded the events and are reprintedfor the historians, who are as much inte- rested in such matters as we are interestedin what was talked, what each personwore. Often as not, drawings exist show- ing the changes made for one evening inan Italian Palace.1667. February 19th. "I saw a co- medy acted at Court". Evelyn makesno comment on this performance—wasit by Mr. Dryden that he says nomore ?March 14th. By Magog, I had almostomitted this evening's entertainment. Icannot say how it is,, but Mr. Dryden'sname on the bill always makes me turnfrom the Cockpit box-office—and I thoughtI had Evelyn's arm linked in mine—thisDerhaps explains how I had almost draggedaim away from a play which he reallydid sit out, for he writes: March 14th,44 Saw 4 The Virgin Queen', a playwritten by Mr. Dryden ". No more.The puppets now have come to townto sweeten the tone of theatric things.Both Evelyn and Pepys go to see them.There seem to have been two companies,one at Charing Cross and one at St. Bar- tholomew's Fair. I saw the famous Italian puppet- 44 play, for it was no other ". (P)LONDON, AUGUST 21st., 1667.44 Leaving my wife to come home with44 them, (two ladies), I to Bartholomew44 fayre to walk up and down; and there44 among other things, find my Lady Ca- 44 stlemaine at a puppet play, 4 Patient44 Grizell * and the street full of people14 expecting her coming out," writes Pepys.On February 4th 1668 he goes tothe court playhouse and sees ' 44 Horace "by Mrs. Philips,—44 the virtuous Mrs.Philips " writes Evelyn.On June 19th 1668 he goes to seea play by Dryden called 44 An Evening'sLove "; and so little does he like it thathe forgets its title, calls it 44 The EveningLover " and adds 44 a foolish plot, andvery profane "; it afflicted him to see44 how the stage was degenerated andpolluted by the licentious times ". Hemeans the English stage, for Moliere wasstill living and his stage not degeneratedin the least.A year passes, Evelyn again goes toa play—the women again spoil the wholething for him.—Two years pass. Hegoes to a Court performance at theWhitehall Cockpit. 44 I saw the great44 ball danced by the Queen and distin- 44 guished ladies at Whitehall Theatre.44 Next day, was acted there the famous " play called the 4 Siege of Granada" two days acted successively; there wereindeed very glorious scenes and per- spectives, the work of Mr. Streeter,who well understands it ".LONDON, FEBRUARY 9th., 1671.About three weeks later, a most un- fortunate thing happens. It is unfortunatefor Evelyn, for even a cat may look at aking, and a comedienne like Nelly Gwynnwas no cat. Nelly was not on the stageat that time and so the Drama was notin any danger. This is the awful thingwhich happened. 44 I thence walked with41 him, (the King) through St. James'Park to the Garden where I both saw44 and heard a very familiar discourse44 between .... and Mrs. Nelly, as theycalled an impudent comedian, she looking'4 out of her window on a terrace at the44 top of the wall, and .... standing on44 the green walk under it. 1 was hear- 44 tily sorry at this scene. Thence theKing walked to the Duchess of Cleve- land, another lady of pleasure, and44 curse of our nation ".LONDON, MARCH 1st., 1671.There is a pretty abominable paintingof this incident in the Victoria and AlbertMuseum at South Kensington, done bysome one in the Victorian era. Nothingthat Evelyn can do, can damn the Resto- ration more thoroughly; but that it damnsthe Victorian more is too bad.And now, after a glance at somescenic things, 44 — on my return home Istepped in at the theatre to see thenew machines for the intended scenes,which were indeed very cos tly and44 magnificent," LONDON, JUNE 26th. 1671.Evelyn goes to see what proves to be his last comedy performed by " indecentwomen". "—went to see the Duke of" Buckingham's ridiculous farce and rhap- &lt;£ sody, called ' The Recital', W buffoon- " ing all plays, yet profane enoughLONDON, DECEMBER 14th., 1871.In the future he will go to a play whenperformed by gentlemen and ladies of theCourt, or by Italians,— but no more lewdplays for him. I wonder if it's high- brow of him to like his evenings at thetheatre to be different from what theyevidently were. It's a queer thought thatperhaps this man Evelyn was perfectlyright, after all, in wishing to keep thingsin their right place.So let us go with him on the 31st.of July of the next year (1672), and letus try to be entertained as he was. " I'! entertained the Maids of Honour (among" whom there was one I infinitely esteemed" for her many and extraordinary virtues)" at a comedy this afternoon, and so went54 home ". Evelyn seems to be losing hisold understanding of the values of keepingthings in their place, for he is here reducedto being entertained by something extraneousto the entertainment; that is to say, en- tertained by one of the audience, and bythe fact of her being there. This ladywhom he ' esteemed for her many andextraordinary virtues' was Mrs. Blagg,who seems to have possessed wit, beautyand virtue. Why she should not havepossessed wit, beauty and virtue, is dif- ficult to understand. Doubtless in theEnglish Court of Charles II. there weremore who possessed these three qualitiesthan any one suspected. If you ask meto explain myself, I am not at home.But being now with Evelyn after theplay, I look at him and I am so full ofguesses about his state of being, that the tapers will all be out if I guess anylonger. He sits there, telling me of herpiety and her virtue, he calls her an" excellent creature " he says so at leastthirteen times; but is it necessary to goto the play to discover the excellence ofa fellow creature. Well, he goes no moreto the play that year. Possibly it hasdawned on him that it is comedies andnot excellent creatures, that have to belooked for at the playhouse.When he does go, it is the old 1 645 joyagain. " I saw the Italian comedie at the" Court this afternoon ". May 29th., 1673.I wish I knew what this comedy was.Somebody will look it up in London—where I wish I could be, so that I mightlook it up for myself. C This entry isneat and final in its snap: '' I saw the" Italian comedy at the Court this after- " noon ", niente altro—and as luck wouldhave it, eight months later, he is able tocap his last entry with this: " I saw an" Italian opera in music, the first that" had been in England of this kind ". Ja- nuary 5th, 1674. You will remember that,in 1659, he speaks of the new opera thathe went to see, on May 5th., as only being" after the Italian way in recitative musicand scenes, much inferior to the Italian com- posure and magnificence ". Yes—I holdto it—Evelyn was a good spectator, 1 think he knew the difference between athing that was genuine and one of thejust-as-good .... Italian opera, French operaand other operas.I suppose—and, in supposing, abdicateeven the role of mock historian, that thisreal Italian opera that he saw in 1674 wouldbe no other than that Downes calls " the longexpected opera of 4 Psyche ' by Shad well,Mr. Locke, M. Saint Andree the dancingmaster, Mr. Stephenson the scene-painter,and that great master Signor GiovanniBattista Draghi,Master of Italian musicto the King". Draghi, according toGrove, settled in London in the middleof the seventeenth century and so com- pletely adopted the English style of com- position, that he must be regarded, hesays, as an English composer. This passageby Grove, makes me wonder after allwhether 4 Psyche * was the opera alludedto by EvelynThe next entry in the diary returns to Mrs. Blagg " Saw a comedy at night,at Court, acted by the ladies only," amongst them Lady Mary and Ann,His Royal Highness's tv/o daughters," and my dear friend, Mrs. Blagg, who,&lt;f having the principal part, performed it to" admiration. They were all covered with" jewels ". LONDON, DECEMBER 15th., 1675.This comedy was " The Masqueof Calisto or " The Chaste Nymph "by John Crowne. None but ladies per- formed parts in this piece. Among themwas a certain Mrs. Jennings who laterbecame the Duchess of Marlborough.There were also the Countess of Sussex,Lady Henrietta Wentworth; and dancing inthe masque were the Duke of Monmouth,Lord Dumblaine and Lord Daincourt.But besides these ladies and gentlemen,the whole affair seems to have been helpedalong by Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Knight, andMrs. Butler, and a number of other actorsand actresses. On the 21 st., that is seven days later,Evelyn says he " was at the repetition of" the Pastoral, on which occasion Mrs." Blagg had about her near £20,000" worth of jewels, of which she lost one" in worth about £80, borrowed of the" Countess of Suffolk. The press was so&lt;£ great, that it is a wonder she lost no" more. The Duke of York made it" good ". There is nothing to showwhether this is the same play, ' TheMasque of Calisto ', which he saw sevennights ago ; nothing to say whether theywere all ladies and gentlemen of the Courtperforming around Mrs. Blagg, or whetherthe performance was helped along by Mrs.Davis and Company.So I am glad to feel that there is stilla doubt as to whether it was a lowactress or a high lady or a middling car- penter who took the gem. The Duke'smaking it good looks very suspicious. Howlike this entry of Evelyn's is to the onein to-day's 44 Daily Ism " — " Countessloses valuable Stone. Worth £800. ActressSuspected Well, as the Duke madeit good — all's well!But to think that this should havehappened to Mrs. Blagg of all people,whom you and I (especially if we have readher " Life'' written by Evelyn) are beginningnow, infinitely, to esteem for her 45 manyand extraordinary virtues ". (u) A month later, Evelyn visits Mr. Streeter,the " painter of perspective ". A painterof perspective meant a scenic artist in thosedays.But it was not to see what new de- vices he had evolved from the Italian,but to comfort him in a serious illness,that Evelyn calls. " Went to see Mr." Streeter, that excellent painter of per- " spective and landscape, to comfort and" encourage him to be cut for the stone," with which the honest man was exceed- " ingly afflicted ".Still, I can't get away from the thoughtof Mrs. Blagg and that diamond. Andthe more I think of it, the happier I amto know that the Duke made it good.On September 2, Evelyn makes theentry : "I went to see Dulwich College,being the pious foundation of one Alley,a famous comedian in King James's timeI would ask here — of the air — whythat famous comedian did not found aSchool for the Theatre whilst he waslaying foundations — if I thought the aircould answer me. Nothing and no oneelse can — though I find a cynical replyin the facts concerning the Royal Dra- matic College founded in 1 858 by CharlesKean, Ben Webster, Charles Dickens andThackeray ; .... built in 1865 ; .... openedby the Prince of Wales .... and patronisedby Queen Victoria .... and an utter failurebecause it was " to benefit distressed actorsand their children " instead of to give lifeto the Theatre. That was Dickens, butwhat was Thackeray thinking of? Probablyof nothing. But a large building was erected, money spent, and all founded upon unne- cessary sobbing and feeling sad about di- stressed actors, instead of being foundedon the intelligence and the desire to for- ward acting by the best conceivable means.On September 29th., 1675, Evelynsees his Italian Scaramuccio at Court.44 I saw the Italian Scaramuccio act44 before the King at Whitehall, people44 giving money to come in, which was44 very scandalous, and never so before at44 Court diversions. Having seen him act44 before in Italy, many years past, I was44 not averse to seeing the most excellent44 of that kind of folly ".This was none other than Tiberio Fio- rilli, Moliere's tutor and the greatest actorof his time, who ranks with FrancescoAndreini, Barbieri and Martinelli. AndrewMarvell was at this Whitehall performance,and the next year on July 24th writesto Mr. William Ramsden in a letter givingvarious pieces of Court news : — 44 Sca- 4 4 ramuccio acting daily in the hall of44 Whitehall, and all sorts of people flock -44 ing thither, and paying their money as44 at a common playhouse ; nay even a44 12 penny gallery is builded for the44 convenience of his Majesty's poorer sub- 44 jects ".England, rich and poor, goes to seethis master comedian, second to none.And if I know anything of great come- dians, it is this : they act best when theaudience is leavened by a large smatteringof the ordinary people, and to me thisexplains why Charles II., always a manof common sense, (a sense so despised bythose tight-lipped friends of his), whooften did a wise thing spite of the cynicalverse, allowed people to come and payfor seats, for that brings the inspiration ofthe muses. The deadheads are deadheartsto play to. To have to be funny to atheatre full of courtiers is well nigh impos- sible ; to have to face people like Marvel,who sat blankly amazed at this unconven- tional proceeding, or, if not amazed, curious,....or, if not curious, amused, at any ratenot at ease,... to have to play to suchuneasy ones is nothing for Fiorilli; hemust have real people to speak to, ....andhe gets them. 6)After having seen this most excellentcomedian, Evelyn goes no more to thetheatre for seven years.On January 6th., 1684, the riverbeing quite frozen over, Evelyn afterwaiting three days more and trying itwith his toe, 44 went across the Thameson the ice " and discovered there streets,people roasting meat, shops, the hubbubof the city, everything as in a town except44 coaches, carts, and horses This frostis so severe that it continues beyond the24th., on which day Evelyn observes thatthere is a puppet-booth open and, let ushope, closed. The ice bears more thanit did in the previous frost for on the 5th.of February he drives across in his coach.From cold to heat, from January toJuly, from hubbub to the sweet soundsof Italian music, and Evelyn at his sim- plest —almost too simple. For on this25th. of July, 1684, he 44 dined at Lord44 Falkland's, Treasurer of the Navy,44 where after dinner we had rare music,44 there being amongst others, Signor Pie- 44 tro Reggio, (w) and Signor John Baptist,,44 both famous, one for his voice, the44 other for playing on the harpsichord,44 few if any in Europe exceeding him. 44 There was also a Frenchman who44 sung an admirable bass ". Signor Pie- tro Reggio and Signor John Baptist, howdelightful! Giovanni Battista (i.e. JohnBaptist), is, to be sure, an ordinary Chri- stian name in Italy. Giovanni Battistasexist in the village where I write this. Isuppose there must be eighty or ninety ofthem here; there must be over five thousandin Rome and Florence. The name issometimes written Gianbattista or Gio. Batt.And Pietro Reggio? Well; that is alittle clearer, for while it is impossible tolocate one out of a million Gianbattistas,and while it would be equally impossibleto locate one of a million Signor Pietrosor plain Peters, the town named Reggiohelps a little. Possibly someone some daywill trace Reggio either to Emilia orCalabria. Grove tells us that he wasborn in Genoa, which is strange, for inItaly the artists were wont to take assurnames the name of the town they werebom in. Thus Signor Bibiena is reallySignor Galli from Bibiena. Leonardo daVinci is simply Leonardo from Vinci.But, like Evelyn, I grow too simple. CONCLUSION I feel like one in a train which is pul- i ling up at the last station after a twodays' journey. I see the brown-grey roofsof the suburbs of the town, I am awarethat something is nearly over, and deviltake it—if Charles the King doesn't giveup the ghost as a prelude to the sadderevent that is to come. I don't wish tostop talking with you about our Evelynbut I see I shall have to.It is the 6th. of February, 1685, andEvelyn is seated at his table in the eveningand is writing slowly: how he went toLondon last Monday, how ill the King was,and then he comes to these words: 44 he 44 gave up the ghost at half-an-hour after41 eleven in the morning, being the sixth44 of February 1685, in the 26th year44 of his reign, and the 54th of his age.'*No more play-going, no more theatres,no more Mrs. Blagg. We are all likethose travelers in the train: we've readevery bit in the papers that are lyingabout in the carriage .... three years pass—or we pass under three tunnels slowly.... slowly. Evelyn is murmuring quietlyin the corner of the carriage: 44 and I44 dined at Mr. Pepys where I heard the44 rare voice of Mr. Pule, who was lately44 come from Italy, reputed the most44 excellent singer we had ever had. He44 sung several compositions of the late44 Dr. Purcell."Then he seems to go off into a doze.Somehow or other, we are not so inte- rested in Mr. Pule or Dr. Purcell as weought to be. I, for one, am getting myluggage out of the rack, when suddenlythe train comes to a full stop from 1699to 1703; four long minutes. The trainpulls up, no one puts his head out of thewindow because to stop is usual. But justas we always do, so does Evelyn. Alast dash for the paper and the longpause seems intolerably long. He snatchesit up and reads out: 44 A famous young44 woman, an Italian, was hired by our44 comedians to sing on the stage, during44 so many plays, for which they gave her44 £500; which part by her voice alone44 at the end of three scenes she perfor- 44 med with such modesty and grace, and44 above ail with such skill, that there44 was never any who did anything com- 44 parable with their voices. She was to44 go home to the Court of the King of44 Prussia, and I believe carried with her44 out of this vain nation above £ 1000,44 everybody coveting to hear her at their44 private houses." Before he has come to the end of thisparagraph everyone is in the corridor, thetrain has arrived—the journey ends. ' BonVoyage*, A rivederci'!London, February, 1 706; Mr. Evelyndied on the 27th. of this month.% (1) For parts One and Two see July Number,(a) In 1646 Stefano della Bella is engraving his viewof Paris showing the Pont Neuf. So this is precisely to ayear how the city looked as Evelyn trots in presumablyon a horse. (b) Lodovico Cornaro was born in Venice in 1467 :died in Padua in 1566, and wrote his n Discorsi dellavita sobria n 1558, (c) Pepys Diary began 1659, ended 1669. (d) Not that Sir Henry ever went so far as to enjoyhimself; I should hate to imply such a thing. Sir Henrycould spree it without happiness—a rare man. "Isit asin, mother to go and bathe " 41 No, my child, so long asyou dont enjoy yourself" (Babinworth "Chronicles:"1914 reprint). (e) Such were the speaking figures long ago exhibitedin Spring Gardens and Leicester-Fields. (f) Three years before this, in 1656, D'Avenant,aided by Lard Whitlocke, Sir John Maynard, and othersof the nobility, had somehow dared to open a semi-privatetheatre at Rutland House, Charterhouse Yard, where hegave " entertainments ", " after the manner of the ancients ",and " The Siege of Rhodes" written as an opera, withperspective scenes and recitative, " unpracticed here, thoughof great reputation amongst the nations writes D'Avenantin his book of the words. D'Avenant's boasting has beenmade most of by the stage historians who forget Lani£re,who set an entire masque to music in the Stilo Recitativo:" The Masque of Lethe , by Ben Jonson presented at thehouse of Lord Hay in London for the entertainment of Baronde Tour, the French Ambassador, on Feb, 22nd. 1617.(g) Even Evelyn, my good Evelyn, even he cannotescape the Plague, the Plague of Terror, as to what theywill say. All the faces in London on the day Evelynwrote this, .... think of them ; all looking glum, tight-lippedand hideous, (h) No, this last I cannot see, try how I may. (i) A tragi-comedy by Sir William D'Avenant. Theperformance took place in the morning.(j) I note that Stendhal speaks so too, noting conti- nually, relative to his theatre going, 44 je i'ai vu ce soir ",54 on y voit 44 j'ai vu " ; continually accentuating whathe has seen. (k) Mr Allardyce Nicoll tells us that Lacy was theactor who was a particular favourite of king Charles II.,was a dramatist as well as a player, .... a noted Falstaff. (i) A pre-Rest oration play by William Cavendish?duke of Newcastle, first performed in 1639-40 and pub- lished in 1649, (Albright).(m) He adapted Shakespeare's play, called it " Saunythe Scot or the Taming of the Shrew and acted in itthe role of Sauny.(n) A play whose plot was taken out of the famousSpanish poet, Calderon." (o) See "Mask" Vol. 10, No. 3, plate 12. (p) A certain puppet show-man, Anthony Devotte,was in London about this time. Was it he who per- formed the famous 44 Italian puppet play"? On July 16,1669, he claims some protection from the Lord Chamber-Iayne, the Earl of Manchester. Devotto is an Italianname—one still finds it in Italy—but as for Anthony De- votte, I have found no sign of him in any other place butin the above document of appeal. In an inscription to adesign by Hogarth4 called 44 A Just View of the BritishStage, 1725 ", which is rather too late for our purpose,the man referred to by Hogarth as M. D-v-to is thescene-painter John Devoto. The design shows us Booth,Wilkes and Cibber of Drury Lane colouring a pantomime,with puppets at a table. In the overseers* books for 1666St. Martin-in-the-Fields, there are entries of Punchinellobooths at Charing Cross. (q) Evelyn here refers to Dryden's " Conquest ofGranada". Robert Streeter, an artist held in much esteemat this period, and enjoying the post of Serjeant Painterto the King, who was very fond of him, dies in 1680.He is often mentioned by Evelyn. (Bray). (r) The title of this farce is 4 The Rehearsal \ (s) In 1673 from May to September the greatest ofall actors then living visited England: Tiberio Fiorilii.Was it Fiorilii that Evelyn saw ? It is said that he hadseen him in Italy.... he says so himself, for there wasonly one who can be called 44 the Italian Scaramuccio(September 29, 1675) ; but in his Italian records I havenot discovered where and when he actually saw himthere.This Fiorilii was in September presented with a me- dalion and a chain of gold by Charles II.44 On September 4, 16734 the Lord Chamberlainissued an order 4to signifie .... his Males pleasure that youprepare and deliver or cause to be prepared and deliveredunto Scaramouchi and Harlekin unto each of them a Medaland chayne of Gold "; and later, on September 6 ordereda special gift of twenty ounces of white plate to be sentto the same company(For portrait of FiorilU see4 The Mask Vol 10, No. 3. plate 9.) (t) Since writing this I see that Mr. Allardyce Nicoll(who is a genuine historian whereas I am only a poorunderstudy of the role) supposes quite other than I havedone.He says 44 we are bound to suppose" that thisopera was 44 Ariane, ou, Le Manage de Bacchus **, aFrench opera and not Italian as Evelyn says. I quoteMr. Allardyce : —44 The french Opera on Monday, March 30, 1674.This is undoubtedly the Ariane, ou, Le Mariage de Bac- chus, which was printed both in French and in Englishthis year. It was presented by 44 L'academie roiale deMusique and Was arranged by Grabut, one of the chiefFrench composers and musicians in the King's service.41 Evelyn in his diary on Monday, January 5, 1873/4,noted a performance of 44 an Italian opera in music, thefirst that had been in England of this kind ". No doubtEvelyn here was using 44 Italian" merely to express therecitative type of opera in contradistinction to the Englishdramatic species, and we are bound to suppose that inJanuary he had been at a semi-public rehearsal of Arionejust as he had attended a rehearsal of Tuke's The Adven- tures of Five Hours on December 23, 1662, fully a monthbefore its regular appearance on the stage. It may benoted that admission of the public to rehearsals of ItalianOperas in the early eighteenth century was a commonpractice, as the advertisements in The Daily Courantprove to us. That Ariane did not appear publicly and inall its glory in January is made quite plain by the factthat on March 27, 1674 a warrant was issued to Chri- stopher Wren ordering him to deliver to Grabut 44 such of the scenes remayning in the Theatre at Whitehall as shalbeusefull for the french Opera at the Theatre " (L.C. 5/140,p. 456).This was on the Friday before the public perfor- mance. Grabut in this order was bidden to restore thescenes within fourteen days, but apparently they had notbeen sent back fully a month later (see L. C. 5/140, p. 471.(letter dated 27, April, 1674, ordering their return).For this Opera Grabut appears to have engaged theservices of a number of foreign artists, mainly dancers.About the beginning of April the management of DruryLane entered into some sort of an agreement with himwhereby it was arranged that some of 44 The FrenchDancing Masters " should perform at the Theatre, a fewat the rate of 10,s. per acting day, and six at the rate of5s. per day whether they danced or not. For nearly twomonths they rehearsed, and the management provided cos- tumes for them, when suddenly Grabut refused to letthem perform (L.C. 5/140, end of volume, entry datedMay 2, 1674). Four days after receiving a complaintabout this the Lord Chamberlain on May 6 issued anorder 44 that mr Pecurr (?) Mr Le Temps Mr Shenanand Mr D'muraile ffrench Dancers in the late opera doeattend Mr Killegrew Master of His Mates Comoedians inHis Mat0S Theatre Royall and observe and perform hiscomands according to agreem betweene them (L.C. 5/140,p. 472). Probably these dancers were employed for enir actashows to deck out regular plays for some months or years.In May, 1675, Dumraille is mentioned among theFrench dancers who took part in Crowne's spectacularmasque of Calisto at Court". (u) In his 44 Life of this 44 blessed saint "as he callsher, Evelyn speaks of her as not one easily persuadedto go to a Theatre, and says, 44 therefore, to be nowherself an Actoress (tho* among such an Assembly of noblePersons) was to putt a Mortification on her, that cost hernot only great reluctancy, butt many teares. But there wasno refusing; the King and Duke had laid their Commandsupon her ....she had her part assigned her, which, as ittwas the most illustrious, (re that of Chastity) soe neverwas there any performed with more grace.,.. "Of the lost Jewel he says it was a Diamond and thatafter the act " the Stage was immediately swept, anddilligent search made to find it, butt without success, soe,as probably it had been taken from her, as she was oftinviron'd with that infinite Crowd ...." Then he tells of hergoing—"Without complimenting any Creature, or trifling with the rest who staid the collation and refreshment thatwas prepar'd, away she slipps like a Spirit to Berkley House,and to her little Oratorye; whither I waited on her, andleft her on her knees, thanking God that she was deliveredfrom this vanity, and with her Saviour again, never, saysshe, will I come within this temptation more whilst I breath4&lt; THE LIFE OF MRS GODOLPHINBy John Evelyn, London. Picker- ing. 1847* " Now published " etc. etc, (v) Fiorilli had been once before to London it wouldseem : I quote H. Maynard Smith :" Evelyn saw Tiberio Fiurelli act as Scaramuccio- " while in Italy, and again in Whitehall in 1675. Fiu- 44 relli was first in England from May to September in 1673,*44 and then returned to Sondiac's Theatre in Paris. He" paid England another visit in July 1675(w) In the British Museum lies a manuscript of his,"Songs for two voices*', Mottetti Madrigali ecc., some195 pages. NORTHERN VIEWS. 1797 AND 1923. J. B. MR WILLI AM ARCHER ON OPERA.£J .... the old Italian Opera.Here we had an impure form of imitation : we sawreal people—Lucrezia Borgia or Lucy Ashton, or evenDumas's Marguerite Gautier—moving on the commonearth, but occasionally, by a gross convention which onlyhabit rendered tolerable, bursting forth into a recitative oraria, a tiio or a quartette.Now in the same way the Elizabethan drama wasimpure, whereas the modern Drama is a pure, form ofimitation. 4 The Old Drama and the New \ 1923.RUT THEN, SCHILLER ON OPERA.Cf If the Drama is really being patronized by the badtendency of the age, as I have no doubt it is, one wouldneed to begin the reform of the drama and obtain airand light by suppressing the common imitation of naturein art.... I always had a certain faith in the opera, that,out of it as out of the Choruses of the ancient festival ofBacchus, tragedy would develope into a nobler form. Inthe opera one really does drop those servile imitations ofnature, and—even though it were only under the nameof indulgence—the ideal might in this manner steal itsway on to the stage. Letter to Goethe from FriedrichSchiller. December 29, 1797.AND WHAT DOES IT MATTER?...FOR the main thing is to be able to perform Opera ;having 4 4 a certain faith M in it with the great Schil- ler, or getting, with it and with Satan, behind Archer, isof no avail.Some day folk will care more, and amongst thesewill be a few wealthy men who will want to see expe- riments made in the Drama and the Opera; and these menwill be so interested in these things that they will no longer pine to waste years at the club or elsewhere talking aboutPolitics: (Politics made to delude everyone into wasting yearsin talk) —and, having escaped from that curse, they will no- tice that Politics go on just as badly or just as well withoutthem ; and they will see the notion. It will dawn slowlyon them (such dawn comes out of them, not on to themfrom outside), or it will come out with a rush severaltimes in a year ; but the gist of it will be they will feelthat after all there are other things than politics, andcommerce, (as they already suspected.) They will befreshened up, young again : I do not, of course, speak ofmen of great intellect ; for these already have all thatthey may dream is worth while ; but of those men whohave been given in good balance a fair assortment of allthe gifts of the good and bad fairies. Nothing more neces- rory than an assortment if one is to come to Theatric things:too great intellect makes a Bacon, not a Shakespeare ; aVoltaire, not a Moli&amp;re.And perhaps a few of these men will not consider itthen a waste of time, waste of money or waste of life todevote some years with the artists of the theatre merely toexperimenting. Not before a public; but, as all other expe- rimenters work, in private."No good, my boy *# says the old pro : "it must bebefore the public *\ But that is only his fun : the old prois not a fool: he knows that the Public wants what itJon91 expect, what it never guessed could be ; and howdo that when you have to be consulting that Publicnightly ?... asking it shyly what it is pleased to want.The Theatre folk have got the whole of their problemwrong: not merely this or that detail wrong. They onlywake up once every fifty years when independent geniusdoes something unexpected and proves the truth of thetheory. Schiller is nearer than Archer to the truth. THE PALLADIAN SCENE AND PROSCENIUM BEFORE IT APPEARED IN TEATRO OLIMPICO IN VICENZA. A NOTE ON THE DESIGN FACING C. G. S. |N the 1567 Edition of Vitruvius, editor Barbaro givesi us also a ground plan which shows these famous trian- gular machines so exaggeratedly spoken of as marvels.Placed behind the arches, they were supposed to showperspectives of streets, etc.Marvel or no, it is not the triangular machines whichthe engraver of this design has had in mind.He has either seen before 1567 an actual reliefperspective on some Venetian stagd, perhaps that built byPalladio in 1565, or one even earlier. Or he has heregiven us the hint which Palladio was in need of. For in1580 Palladio built his Teatro Olimpico, and allowed spacebehind each arch for long relief perspective streets to beplaced—as placed they were in 1584 by the pupil Sca- mozzi, when Palladio died in 1580.This design of ! 567 therefore seems to me of someimportance as being one of the very earliest which showus a scene of this kind, ...a scene built up and stretchingback in streets of some twenty-five to thirty feet in length,each side of which is built out in high and low relief.It is interesting to note that this design appears afterPalladio had built his first Theatre in Venice, 1565, andbefore his second Theatre in Vicenza 1580-84. PALLADIAN SCENES AND PROSCENIUM FROM THE EDITION OF VITRUVIUS EDITED BY BARBERO. VENEZIA. 1567.Supposed to represent the Viiruvius idea, it represents more certainly the Palladian idea of the Teatro Olimpico 1680• (See page 160 for Note upon this)* Page 161. THE USE OF GAS IN THEATRES AN ESSAY BY WILKIE COLLINS (1881) WITH A FOREWORD BY JOHN BALANCE. A NOTE ON THE ESSAY. WHETHER this Essay by Wilkie Collins has ever beenpublished', Mr. Dobell of 77 Charing Cross Road,from whom the Manuscript came, could not say ; but anessay by the author of €€ The Woman in White ", oneof the foremost figures in the literary world of 1880London, will in any case surely not be unwelcome to theLondoners of 1924.It is a marvellously blotted manuscript; indeed, it isnearly one whole blot; and what is left unblotted isindistinct.But, even should it ever have been published in1881 or 1882, it will hardly be remembered by anyonetoday.Discussing the evils of gasmlighting to the specta- tor, it omits to point out the harm that gas did to theactor.The mention of Steele Mackaye will have an inte- rest for some of our friends in America, to whom byrights the valuable manuscript should belongi BIOGRAPHICAL NOTE OF WILKIE COLLINS WILLIAM Wilkie Collins, was the eldest son of the pain- ter William Collins (1788-1847)Born in Tavistock Square on January 8th 1824, he waseducated at Highbury; spent two or three years with his pa- rents in Italy, and in 1841 was articled to a London firm en- gaged in the tea-trade: while here he clandestinely produceda novel which so pleased his father that he had him enteredat Lincoln's Inn. He was called to the Bar in 1851,The same year he met Charles Dickens, u and from thistime may be dated his vocation to letters as a profession ".In September 1852 Collins took part in the theatricals or- ganized by Dickens at his residence, Tavistock House, andfor performance there wrote in 1855 4&lt; The LighthouseHe wrote many exciting tales, including 4&lt; The Womanin White " (1859) which was dramatized in 1871 ; u The Moon- stone " (1868); "No Name etc. He also contributed to" The Cornhili to " Temple Bar " and to " All the YearRoundDuring 1873-4 he visited the United States and gave pub- lic readings, and his play, " Rank and Riches which hadproved a failure in London (June 1883) had a long and mostsuccessful career in America.He died on September 23rd 1889. Notes taken from the National Dictionary of Biography. FOREWORD. WHEN in 1881-82 Wilkie Collins wrotehis Essay upon " The Air and theAudience" Richard Wagner's Theatre atBayreiith had been open at least for fouryears. This theatre is still in existence andserving as a model for most of the advancedTheatres of today. The year this essay was written the RingTheater in Wien was burnt down and fourhundred and fifty lives were lost.Earlier in the same year the MunicipalTheatre in Nice had been burnt down anda hundred lives had been lost. Dr. Mareywas going fast ahead with the experimentstowards Cinematography which Muybridgehad been busy with in 1872 and 1874. InLondon the Savoy Theatre was using electriclight without accumulators, and in Paris theTheatre des Varietes was doing the samething.And yet in this year 1881 gas- was butfifty-six years old if we reckon from the daywhen the Royal Decree was issued in France(in 1824) permitting the gas industry to becarried on;... that gas which Wilkie Collinssays was poisoning us.Probably it was poisoning the audience;most assuredly it was changing the acting.Let us look back one year earlier than1824, the year of the Royal Decree whichprivileged the public to poison itself.In 1823 a very great actor had died, ....John Philip Kemble. By 1823 most of thetheatres in London were using this new Gas.In 1817 at the Lyceum Theatre it hadbeen used " all over the stage ".But it was not in favour.Candles and oil had been long in useand were working so well; and actors hadcome to know these two makeshifts, hadlearned how to act with them; and now theywere being taken away and a strange newstuff was being burnt.As the new lights flare up, spouting andemphatic gesture die down. And John PhilipKemble departs at the right moment.Dr. Louis Bell, shows us by the figuresin the following table (see page 164), whatit had meant to the actors for a century or soto perform to candlelight and to oil lamps. (*) €J Consider these figures, and consider whe- ther it was not luckier for those later humanbeings when gas was burning in the Theatres,than when candles were in use; and, as eventhe cost of the gas was less than the candles,the spectator (and actor as private person),were far better off as regards comfort andhealth.There is another thing to consider: theeffect on the performance.As the light grew stronger, the audiencewondered why it was that these actors weremaking such exaggerated faces; why so muchpaint was used on the faces, why such ex- orbitant gestures, why such loud voices. Butthe faces, gestures and voices were no largerand no louder; it was merely that we spec- tators saw everything about five times asclearly.The old acting was being killed by thelight. And as the light grew in force so didit force the old actor to curb himself; gesturebecame more and more ' natural', dwindlingtill it ceased altogether: no more faces weremade, and the art of suppression took theplace of expression; reserved force was thething.Suppose a theatre lighted by candle andoil, and Kemble and Kean on the stage of abig theatre, .... Covent Garden.Suppose one of these great actors comingon to the stage. Would he sneak on as the famous actors of today are forced to do?Indeed he would not dare to. He wouldhave to come straight on and be in the centreso as to get some light on him to be seen; hisvoice would have to cut through the heatand smoke which the oil and candles gaveout. Wilkie Collins seems to think that thegas made the place hotter; but is he notwrong there ? The wax and oil had madethe place like a furnace the gas cooled itdown; and improved ventilation, in 1880 andearlier, improved it still more.But, heat or cold, it was the glare whichcooled and toned down cur actors and theirvivid acting: it was the glare which was gi- ving them away. Like a too strong sun ittook the colour out of them; the vivid crim- sons and the startling blues became delicate:Liberty was upon us in 1880 by jove,he was.All the brilliant tricks that the actor hadaccumulated for centuries those tricks ofreaching the ear and eye of spectators, ofastonishing them through the murky air; allhis spangles and glitter, grew in a night to beludicrous, overdone, " theatrical now thatgas was glaring on him.The spectators as it were in a night be- came new people.... Silent where before theyhad confidently burst into applause. Whatis wrong, they wondered: we cannot haveever cared for ' that . And slowly and shame-facedly, the actorshad to admit that something was wrong, andthey began to stand a little sideways, and atlast turned their backs on the audience. "Sonatural, .... he even turns his back .... mostoriginal". Until the gas came no actor hadever been such a booby as to turn his back:no actor had ever slipped unperceived on tothe stage: no trick was ever considered badform.And now in 1924 do we want to see gas andelectric light replaced by candles and oil ? Ihardly think so. We must go on,.... but 1 wouldeven put the clock back if it could bring backagain the old confidence of the actor in hisgreat theatrical tricks which have been drivenout by trivial ones.For as our Irish poet has told us, " Allart is a trick".Let us have great tricks then, while weare about it, for the trivial apologetic trickeryof the London stage of 1924 is now a bore. (*) From Dr&lt; Louis Bell's " The Art of Illumina- tion 99. (Archibald Constable, 1903). Quantityconsumedper hourThecandle powerO removedcubit feetOr producedcubit feetMoistureproducedcubit feetHeatproducedcaloriesGcoo2 ~ £(Q cd &amp;•£ Gcr &gt; U GCOTallow candles2200 grains16.'10.77.38.2140012.0Sperm candles. . .1740 1116.9.66.56. 5113711.0.Paraffin oil. . .992 ■16.6.24.53.51030v75 IKerosene oil . .909 ■16.5.9; j4. 13.310307.0Coal gas (argand).4. 8 cubit ft.16.5.82.66. 412404.3 |Coal gas (Welsbach).3.5 11 B50.14. 11.84 77633.0 THE AIR AND THE AUDIENCE. CONSIDERATIONS ON THE ATMOSPHERIC INFLUENCES OF THEATRES. BY WILKIE COLLINS.WRITTEN IN 1881-1882 (1). I. THE treatment of this immense subject isperhaps a little irregular. It assumes theform of a question, in the first place.Is it in the pecuniary interests of a ma- nager to consult the health and comfort of hisaudience, by improving the atmosph ere of histheatre ? or, to put it in plainer language still:If the announcement of two theatres—one ofwhich is cool and clean, and the other hotand dirty —happen to present nearly equaldramatic attractions, how many persons, indoubt which place of amusement to prefer,will allow the consideration of sitting at ease,in breathable air, to influence their decision?Not one in a hundred.On the sixth of April last, (1881)Mr. Steele Mackaye, author of the most po- pular play thus far written by an Americandramatist (" Hazel Kirke") opened a newtheatre in New York. Already indebted to this gentleman's exertions, not only as a writerbut as an actor, his countrymen have now tothank him for a public service of another kind.He is builder and manager of one of the mostluxurious places of public amusement in theworld.Among other ingenious inventions, whichit is not necessary to mention in this place,he has contrived to associate an evening atthe theatre with the sanitary results of a visitto the seaside. This lucky audience breathe" ozoned air"; and are helped to enjoy itby means of folding chairs, arranged for themin groups of three and four so that they cannotbe troubled by persons pushing by, on theway to vacant seats. Have these novelties, andmany more all directly contributing to publichealth, public comfort, and public pleasure,helped to draw large audiences on their ownmerits ? The last accounts which have reachedEngland state that the new play written byMr. Mackaye for the opening of his theatrehas not yet met with the appreciations whichit deserves. What has the new ventilation(not forgetting the comfortable seats and thebeautiful theatre) done towards tempting thepublic to judge for themselves of the meritsof the play? Little or nothing. Pure air hasnot, as it seems, sufficiently interested the au- dience to make them talk about it. Thefriends of the manager urge him to increasethe number of his advertisements, and tomention particularly that he is the author of" Hazel Kirke ". In short he appears to bein just as much need of getting all the helpto notoriety that money can buy, as if he wasproprietor of the hottest and dirtiest theatre onthe face of the civilized earth.In a city on the other side of the Atlantic—let me not say particularly in what part ofEurope that city may be found—is a theatrewhich makes no new concession of any sortto the public comfort. This place of amuse- ment has been crammed from floor to cei- ling for hundreds of nights past and will becrammed for hundreds of nights more. No- body who wants to see the popular play of themoment is kept away by the horrid atmosphereor the uncomfortable seats. No cries formore air or more room rise from the perspi- ring and aching audience. While they havegot what they want on the stage, the manageris at perfect liberty to deprive them of theblessings of ventilation in the theatre. And what is the moral of this?The moral is, that we must consider theexisting case of our lungs and our skins, inthe air of the theatre, without much hope ofany general change for the better. The truthis that we offer no encouragement to reform.Do the two or three theatres in London whichhave generously given us the pure electriclight, empty the other theatres which econo- mically persist in poisoning us with gas? onlylet those other theatres provide us with ourfavourite laugh and cur delightful vulgarity—and they may give us any air or no air justas they like. II. THE prospects of improvement in ventila- tion being now disposed of, considerationof the theatrical atmosphere, as it is at present,claims its turn next.Sensible invalides who have to take adose of physic never add to the terrors ofthe prospect by dallying with the bottle, andthinking how nasty it looks. They sparethemselves an interval of disgust—and swallowthe detestable mixture before they have timeto feel sick.What scientific knowledge has to sayabout the air that we breathe in theatres isour moral dose of physic, at the present mo- ment. Let us get rid of it at once—as plea- santly as possible.You and 1 are at the theatre. Towardsthe latter part of the performance, we wipeour streaming face; and you say to me, " Hot,isn't it?" and 1 cordially agree with you.If we were not two ignorant playgoers, weshould express ourselves more accurately.You would remind me that we want a cer- tain quantity of oxygen in the air that webreathe. And I should reply, " Yes indeed,my friend. For the last two hours we havebeen engaged (assisted by the gaslights) inmadly exhausting our oxygen, and in sup- plying its place with a vile infusion of carbon,which would end in suffocating us if the per- formances only lasted long enough." And if—appalled by the prospect—I happened to stopthere, who would be happier to refresh thescientific side of my memory than my com- panion. " Dont forget ", this intelligent personwould add, " that there is another, and amore horribly vitiated atmosphere, which weare also making for ourselves. Minute par- tides, dear boy, are being ' given off' byus and by our perspiring fellow creatures.We are inhaling, each other's particles. And,worse still, if there happen to be any play- goers of consumptive tendency present, theirparticles may be actually charged with disease,and may sow the seeds that results in thefuture on which (as we are here for ourpleasure) we had better not dwell. Shall westay for the last piece? or shall we adjourn—? "I take my friend's arm, and hurry awaywith him before he can finish his sentence.I know what he means.The system of Nature is a system of com- pensations. All mortal evils have their at- tendant remedies. In the horrid tropics, thevenemous serpent glides to attack us over thevery herbs which preserve our lives from thepoison of his fangs. In our happier tempe- rate zone, the theatre (and its destructiveatmosphere) is the near neighbour of the pre- servative shell-fish shop, and the remedialpublic house. Does the man live who canhonestly say that he has ever enjoyed oystersand stout as he enjoys them after leaving thetheatre? How does the great master of fic- tion write of his visit to his friend Terry atthe old Adelphi? " I was glad to see Dan'stheatre as full seemingly as it could hold.The heat was dreadful.... We had rare goodporter and oysters after the play ". Rare andgood Walter Scott! Happy, thrice happyprovisions of Nature, which poisons us in thetheatre, and brings us to life again by thegenial agency of an oyster knife and apewter pot! III. IS this flippant? In that case let us go tothe other extreme, and make a few sen- sible remarks.Experienced playgoers have often observedthe curious difference in the effect producedon the temper of an audience, when a theatreis too hot and when a theatre is too cold.In the first case—infinitely the worst case ofthe two—the semi-suffocated public not onlysubmits with admirable resignation, but if theplay happens to present an interesting story,becomes absolutely insensible to discomfort,and utterly oblivious of the small maladiesunder which it suffers at home. On theseoccasions, the tremendous silence of a crowdof human beings mastered by one supreme interest which holds them in thrall, is neverdisturbed by the cough which certain mem- bers of the assembly have brought with theminto the theatre, and have indulged in freelywhile the proceedings have been opened byperformance of the overture. But the playhas begun; the story is rising, through anartful succession of scenes, to its climax ofinterest. Fhe ladies, who have been lookingdisparagingly at each others dresses, are alllooking at the stage now; and the people inthe pit, without room to sit in, sit contentednevertheless. Under those conditions theauthor carries his sweet tempered public withhim; and the actors increase the enormouscirculation of their photographs when the shopsopen the next morning.But let the circumstances be completelyaltered; let the season be late in the autumn,and the theatre be subject to a cool flow ofair. If they feel the blessed change disa- greably, the women have their mantles, themen have their, great coats. Protected in thisway, do they appreciate the reviving purityof an atmosphere which deodorizes the ema- nations from gas and from the not universally- washed public that sits in its light. Far fromit. With rare exceptions, the audience is outof temper. Nothing will rouse their interest;nothing will win their applause. No excel- lence of dramatic writing, no exhibition amongthe actors of perfect art, will charm away theungrateful distrust of fresh air, the meanlyneedless dread of catching cold, which hasgot posssession of men and women alike. Thetheatre which prospers, at the cool period ofthe year, must be heated to the summer tem- perature; and be rigourously careful never tohave a door open, from top to bottom of thebuilding, while the performance is in pro- gress. Is this exaggeration? When you areout in the streets, at a late hour look up atthe bedroom windows, and see for yourselfhow many of them are raised, even by an inchor two, to let in the favourite object thispublic dreads—night air. IV. AMONG other curious influences exercisedby the theatrical atmosphere, want ofsufficient oxygen seems (in certain remarka- ble cases) to end in want of sufficient me- mory.For example, those distinguished playgoers who use their pens to lament over the con- dition of the modern English Drama, appearto be all affected by that melancholy objectof contemplation in one and the same manner.Condemning with excellent reason, the wret- ched average of theatrical entertainments offeredto our public, they are all unable to rememberthe production—say, during the last thirtyyears —of a single genuine English workwhich has been a creditable example of theart of dramatic writing. Setting aside livingnames, is it just, is it even honest — afterventing righteous indignation on loathsomeburlesques and idiotic adaptations from theFrench —to pass over the hopeful signs inthe past which justify hope in the future;and to leave without a word of noticesuch original English plays as the " Masksand Faces of Charles Reade and TomTaylor — the Comedies of Robertson — andthe " Our Boys " of Mr. Byron, which haslived through the longest " run " on record,and has achieved the rare honours of foreigntranslation and foreign performance. It is im- possible to imagine that men, bound in justiceto present both sides of the question fairly,can have wilfully suppressed notorious exam- ples of good dramatic writing which speakfor themselves. The one other alternative isto suppose a remarkable failure of memory,and to hold the absence of oxygen accountablefor it. V. THE end that comes to all things, big or little,must come even to such harmless gossipas this. Having shown that the air of thetheatre is decidedly injurious to people whobreathe it, have I in conclusion any furthersuggestions to make ? Only one—which issure to please you. Let us go to the play. (1) In punctuation and all else the manuscript hasbeen followed without revision THE PRETTY THEATRE X. Y. Z. THE Profession of an actor was infamousamong the Romans and honourable amongthe Greeks.How is it with us? We think.them as the Romans did, and live with themas the Greeks."Morals and Manners of the 17t!l century. —La Bruyere, 1688. OVERTURE I have been speaking with the Editor of"The Mask" about his policy, (if thatbe* what the steps, hopeful slips or fatalstumblings of any Editor be called), and Ifear I may have put him into a rage by myimpertinence in imagining that an Editor ishuman and can slip and stumble as doStatesmen, Divines, or ordinary woodcutters."You are ", I began, a very remar- kable man, my dear Semar " ....he did notinterrupt me .... " and you are evidently self- taught " I went on.Here he shifted in his chair, uncertainwhether this meant what he hoped or whathe feared." Like every great Editor who has pre- ceeded you " (you could have heard a pindrop) you are obstinate ". (a)" And", I went on, " when you areobstinate you are blind to a hundred en- chanting trivialities in the world of the Theatrewhich complete that world and make it whatIt IS ." Name one ' said Semar." Prettiness " I said." Prettiness!" he cried, and I could seehis mind rapidly searching the ten volumes of " The Mask " for proof that I was wrong." I do not think " The Mask " has failed topublish essays and illustrations which exhibitprettiness" said he rising and taking downvolume I. " Look at this to begin with"....and he pointed to a full page drawing ofMiss Isadora Duncan.Semar is a terrible man; he is always ableto find the needle in the bundle of hay, andimmediately. I had to admit that this indeedwas pretty, though I refused to argue that itwas more than that, for 1 knew that Semar'sdeft finger had come across the sole needlein the pack. " Yes, that is pretty" I ad- mitted; "show me something else".And here Semar's obstinacy rose to theoccasion. With a daring I have seldomencountered in anyone before, he had the firmaudacity to turn leaf after leaf of " TheMask " with a " this " to that page and a" there " to another.The fight was over before it began, andyet he stood his ground. He pointed to thefifteenth century wood-engravings out of the" Sacre Rappresentazioni " and called these" pretty " : he turned to Volume IV, Page 97,and said the " Geishas dancing " were pretty:he overlooked the colour-plate by Albert Ru- therston on page 80 which has prettiness,and I began to breathe again; but he wantedto take me through volume after volume, soI protested I had had enough." You admit then that " The Mask " ispacked with pretty things " he said: and hewas triumphant in the quiet way of the ob- stinate." Charming in a queer, eccentric or gro- tesque way" I said; " delightful to thosewho study the Theatre seriously as you do;but to the world—the large world—as deadas a door-nail: dry stuff from the archives"." These dead and dry things " he saidreproachfully " you helped me to pick out asof the utmost interest to our readers ".He had me there. It was true. Hefollowed it up with, " and when I suggestedthat some photographs of leading actors andactresses would be attractive you were nottoo polite about it".The rest of our conversation I will notprint.It carried on for a day or two. In theend I was utterly routed: although the fullforce of my very-much-admired Editor had been unable in ten years to bring more thana touch of the really pretty into the pages of" The Mask ", he persuaded me that all hislife he had known of its existence, and hadalways very greatly longed to bring nume- rous examples before the readers of this ma- gazine. €J So i perceive that it is my fault forhaving, as an enthusiastic assistant, even, mayI say, as a collaborator, counselled againstany intrusion of the pretty into these pages. I would like to make up for this bycoming to Miss Hetty Hecuba right away. THE SWEETLY PRETTY WHAT is the Pretty,—how born—why pre- served—what its philosophy and its aim,....all this and more besides I must leave towiser men to set forth. If they have alreadydone so it has been well done, for there ismore to be said about this trifle than we eversuspect.But my only intention is to make a noteor two upon the prettiness which exhalesfrom the Theatre.If in Music and in Architecture, andtheir handmaids Painting and Sculpture, pret- tiness be a rather cheap thing, ....as I heardmany in 1890 saying ....I have come to learnthat in the Theatre prettiness has a place andwe should see that it be kept.fit is in the artifice of the Theatre that wemust look to find what is often very pretty.If there was, as we have been told, a " nobleartificiality " which belonged to the old timesand which now and again we may even catcha glimpse of today, it is not of this I wish towrite, but only of the sweetly pretty.€J Nowhere perhaps is the sweetly prettyquite in its right place except on the stage.It must be admitted that we find some of it inpainting even Watteau is sweet and pretty.He is something a good deal more than that,but he is pretty too. In Literature we findit; Voltaire's ' Candide' for some of ussparkles with prettiness.It is only a little thing, this sweet pretti- ness; yet this little thing has at times annexeda large share of our attention, we who have used our Theatres as pleasant places in whichto divert our thoughts in times of stress fromduller and more weighty matters.And so it has been a good thing formany thousands of people for many a century.And that " The Mask " should have for- gotten all this, should have found nothing tosay about the Pretty side of the Theatre,either proves that everyone in The Mask "was blind to it or blinded by it. Wewere dull indeed not to have shown bymeans of the engravings of those prettiertimes, or even (to echo my Editor) perhapsby a few photographs of our still daintier days,how large a part the sweet has played inthe Theatre at all times.There is a certain prejudice against thepretty ....there has often been a revolt againstit amongst the artists—thank goodness notalways or we should not have this miracleof prettiness by Moreau and Patas " La Logea l'opera " to look and wonder at. It is thisdesign I pick out of many to show off thePretty of those times at its best.Within these few inches vibrates the es- sence of the lighter theatre of the eighteenthcentury.There sits the Due d'Orleans, or do Idream ? if not, there too is MademoiselleDuthe standing in spreadeagle poise about toswoop;—behind her the mighty Madam Mon- tansier advising, encouraging: a nonentity sitsin the chair facing Mons. le Due. In thebalcony with their mouths agape sit MissFanny and Miss Hetty Burney but recentlycome to Paris. Mr Young the farmer is closeto them, and dear old Dr. Burney listens tothe singers hidden to us, silent to us. Nothingpretty back there:—all the prettiness is inthis Loge.Let our imagination toga the figures andwe shall get the same theatre of the firstcentury ... just as pretty: we must some daysee if we cannot find almost as graceful athing in each century to reprint in " TheMask ", for it must not be said any longerthat we forget the pretty.€J How often when I was living in Londonin 1890 did I hear artists saying hard thingsabout this same prettiness in art ... as thoughugliness, the austere, the superb, and eventhe noble which abounds everywhere, hadalways been the sole food of the gods, andconsequently to be your sole food. As it was in the eighteenth century thatprettiness came to be valued again at its fullworth ....and a little more, it is an eighteenthcentury engraving of a pretty in a prettytheatre, of the pretty town of Paris, that Ibring you in my hand and lay before us asI speak.I could have brought a far more ancient |document proving how the pretty was thoughtwell of in Pompeii or Thebes many centu- ries earlier ....or some strange drawing on silkfrom China, or a curious little Indian painting.But we know our Paris a little betterthan our Pompeii, or their Poonab or Poo- wang and we see what our Paris has becometoday. We are living in rather an ugly ageand 1777 is not too far off for us still tocatch a glance of it before it fades, and tonote how pretty and how real were thepuppets as they stood dallying in those days."It is the journalist's business" writesLa Bruyere, " to inform us that a certainbook is published, and by whom; to describeit and its style and character and say whereit can be bought. It is foolishness in him tomake any criticism of it".So I shall come to the eighteenth centuryTheatre as an ordinary journalist, retellingmyself something about the prettiness of theOpera and Theatre, of Les Filles, of thespectators, actresses, scenes, and the tinklingmusic: showing by engravings here and therejust how ' jolie * was Mile Du The, how 4 ra- visante ' Mile. Virginie, Mile. Laguerre andMile. Bourgoin and how sweet the back- ground against which they were placed: howpretty the gallant gentlemen of their timesfound everything on the stage (when theytroubled to look at it) from their private logesin their private theatres or from afar.Beginning not at the beginning but withthe first thing to hand, with Monsieur J. M.Moreau le Jeune and his " La Loge a 1'opera 'engraved by Patas, I shall not be too parti- cular about my progress; it must be therake's I fear—I shall go zig-zag, on this broadpath, here and now in Paris, perhaps to- morrow towards Rouen and back, who knows,in the direction of London the next morning.I shall not moralize ....nor take what ischarming to be beautiful; but I want to dojustice in " The Mask" to what has beenslighted. So I cannot do better than reprinta number of facts about the pretty theatre and a number of engravings which show ushow pretty it has been.And in doing so it will be impossible toavoid drawing attention once more to those fasci- nating people the actresses, dancers, singers andlady-spectators who once practically ruled thestage. And amongst these will figure a few re- markable if less pretty women who are insepa- rable from the others: ....Madame Montansier,Mile. Raucourt, (both of them directresses);Sophie Arnould, La Guimard, and evenEmma Hart. Isabella Andreini, Fragonardand Moreau ; the chandeliers in the theatresof Rome, and the Private theatres in severallands.|All these things certainly did conspiretowards prettiness, and all seemed fitting.You may like prettiness or you may not:you may wear yours with a difference: ....onething which strikes me is that while it wasand is not always as unnecessary as too manyan artist today pretends to think, it was onceor twice perhaps rather out of place in theparticular spot where it chose to nestle.But I will leave it to you to decide whereand when it was out of place. I shall merelymake a few records. To be continued. (a) Edmund Kean when expressing obstinacy waswont to shut firmly his eyes and mouth, " squeezing hisbrows and eyelids tight" writes Mr. Gillicudy in his"Treatise on the Acting of the Elder Kean" (1859).4• A damned determination not to see was what he ex- pressed " (idem); and though I have never seen my editorcontort his face in this way (thereby proving that EdmundKean's as an artist was utterly untrue to nature) I havenoted that he carries on most entertainingly when deter- mined neither to hear, believe or tolerate any suggestionwhatever. I cannot feel' that I am as entertaining when I ex- press obstinacy, though surely I am every bit as blind. IT was enough for Balyllus to be a clown, tobe run after by the Roman ladies, for Rhoe,to be a ballet-dancer, and for Roscia and Nerinato sing in the chorus, to attract a crowd ofadmirers. Self'Conceit and boldness, the result oftoo much power, had deprived the Romans ofall taste for secrecy and mystery : They enjoyedmakinq the theatre the scene of their love making :They had no jealousy of the amphitheatre, norof sharing the charms of their mistress withthe multitude ; their pleasure lay in showingthey lovea not a beauty, or even anexcellent actress, but an actress." Morals and Manners of theseventeenth CenturyLa Bruycre 1688. LA LOGE A L'OPERA. Design by J. M. Moreau, le jeune. (1741-1814), engraved by Patas (1748-1817) between 1775 and 1783. Plate 20. "When the Marquis Maffei was at Mr Pope's at Twickenham, the latter showed "him the design of an Ancient Theatre at Verona. The Marquis said the artist had "done very well, but that it was all a whim (Favola) ; Mr Pope begged his pardon, "assured him that 'twas a reality; and convinced him that it was so, from an allowed if old writer on the Antiquities of Verona Spence's Anecdotes. (1820). Why Mr Pope should have troubled to discuss this matter with a man so utterly out of touch with Twickenham as Scipione Maffei, a man who lived far away in Verona, we shall never know. How confused Maffei must have been, ...he, the author of "Verona illustrata only one volume of which is devoted to Anhteatru It is said that the Marquis, greatly humbled on perceiving his ignorance, asked Mr Pope to tell him whether the fable of Jutiet's tomb was in like manner a reality. Assuredly, Sir rapped out Mr Pope: the historian adds, that i( he convinced the Marquis of the truth of this by reading him the first act of the Shakespearean play The Marquis then admitted that he needed no further proo , Of although Mr Pope was perfectly willing to tead the four remaining acts. Page 171. THEATRE, ENTERTAINMENT AND EXPERIMENT. SOME QUESTIONS BY J. K. IT is continually being pointed out in everyjournal in Europe and the United Statesof America by every competent authority inevery Salon and in every Cafe, in everyClub and in every Public House, that in theTheatre we really do not want anything atall highbrow: Let us have tommy-rot if youlike; we can stomach that, but no High- brow rubbish.€J Surely a sound enough taste.I go to a Theatre whenever i have time;when not to a Theatre to a Circus or a Cafechantant; when not to these to a Cinema.For I belong to those who hold that theTheatre is to entertain; and I write this fromthat point of view which is the popular pointof view, and for the moment I cannot consi- der the question of Theatre from any otherpoint of view.&lt;f The difficult thing is to entertain theworld.This becomes evident when we see andanalize all the new and old efforts made toentertain us.The labour expended on being tragic,comic, and graceful, the effort made to singeasily and well, to act, to write plays, todevise new effects, is enormous.One too often sees efforts being madein almost every Theatre.If a Shakespeare be at ease (and he isnot so always) may-be the actor who isspeaking his lines is not at ease. If an actorbe perfectly delightful, often as not the lineshe is forced to utter are awkward. Ease isthe test of all good entertainers, and so it isseldom that we come across real entertainers.Possibly in Paris the performers and wri- ters in the Theatres are more often excel- lent than elsewhere, being easier than else- where. They entertain us perfectly so far asthey go. And in Nice too : in London: inhundreds of European and American towns,provided the aim be not too high, the enter- tainment, so far as it goes, is more often thannot first class. And by that I mean it isnever Highbrow, never wearisome, never atall forced.The Opera House in Paris ; the Opera House at Nice; the Theatre Champs Elyseesof Paris; The Comedie Fran^aise; DruryLane; The London Music Halls; the Scalaat Milano ; the thirty or forty Russian Balletsfrom Moscow and St Leningrad which arenow touring round Europe;... all these forexample are easy and delightful.Then the special performers :—MadamRubenstein, Miss Loie Fuller, M. Guitry,Lady Diana Cooper, Maria Carmi, the DollySisters, seven very fine entertainers, are neverdull; the excellent English actors Mr Ainley,Miss Thorndike, Miss Nielson Terry, MrThorndike, Mr Petrie, Mr Robey.... I can- not make a list of all these performers whoare admirable entertainers because it wouldfill six or eight pages of this journal and thenbe incomplete. And most of these ladiesand gentlemen are entertaining, in that theirwork is without effort. That is what fixes thestandard.Is the standard a high one ? is it a lowone ? are questions I cannot go into here.I am only concerned with the plain fact thatentertainment is being supplied by thousandsof theatres and tens of thousands of perfor- mers, play-writers, opera-writers, song-writersand stage managers, and the different public?,are paying out millions of pounds yearly forthis entertainment of theirs.When New Theatres .are needed theyare built; that is another plain but interes- ting fact. Not ' advanced ' Theatres.... that,thank heaven, we are yet spared : but goodcomfortable places (well furnished too), pla- ces of easy entertainment. And there isplenty of money for entertainment; that, thefirst and last fact of all, is still the most im- portant of all.But waste?... what about waste? asks ananxious and possibly not disinterested one.Well, I am, as I said above, not prepa- red here to answer difficult and perhaps ra- ther superfluous questions ; I want to ask que- stions ; and I too wonder, what about waste ?Waste of money, waste of talent, wasteof time over experiment for example.I cannot say that I very much enjoy my- self in a Theatre which is experimenting infront of me instead of entertaining me. IfMadam Rubenstein, for example, wishes toexperiment, I take it rather ill that she doesthis after I have paid for a seat to be en- tertained. It is then that Iam apt to mumble under my breath something about " highbrowstuff " as several did when watching hercharming experiment in " La Dame aux Ca- melias ". For there is only one way to playthat play and it's the way Madam Bernhardtand Madam Duse have shown us.« Then are you going to forbid all ladiesto try fresh ways of.... ?1 am not answering that for I am aboutto ask another question. Which is this:—Since in gl ove-making, furniture manufacture,biscuit, and even broom making—(Hoovers "itBeats, as it Sweeps, as it Cleans ") experi- ments have to be made if we are to cometo make gloves fit better and better andbrooms sweep smoother and cleaner, must notexperiments also be made in entertainment?But where, I ask, can experiments bemade ?It might by some stretch of the imagina- tion be reasonably held that a play byMr. Conrad would be highly entertaining toa large public, not THE PUBLIC of course,for, (again I ask) is there any such thing asTHE Public ?It might be that other plays, those by MrHardy, by Mr Masefield, Mr George Moore,and by Mr Bennett could become immense- ly entertaining were we able to try themsomewhere, and get the go of them,... a difficultthing to do if a play be difficult to come at....to get into.... and what more difficult than aplay by someone of mighty strange brain-power.I suggest that Strindberg, Tchekhoff and Mo- iiere are not exactly easy dramatists, and Ido not believe that Barker, Bottomley andBecque are at all easy.As entertainers they are not very imme- diate anyhow, who is ? Though Sheridanseems on the surface to offer a romping timeto the performers and audience alike, I hardlythink that he can be called an easy dra- matist.Then who is easy, I ask myself, and darenot reply. Ibsen was supposed to be, but washe ? is he ? Is Mr Shaw ? I doubt it. Easyto perform in such a way as to be common- place ; but to do well ? What about that ?Leaving the writers I glance at the actors.Do the best of them find it easy to acteverything ? Assuredly not, 1 answer offhand ;but I have perhaps been premature in myassurance. Ellen Terry seemed to find every- thing easy, but did she ? Lady Macbeth ? Queen Katherine ? Imogen? Nance Oldfield ?Well, her schooling began at six years ofage, ... was it at six ? or at seven ? That'snot easy to begin with, Yet she will tell you,I believe, (though of this I am not quite sure),that nothing came too easily to her. MrsSiddons ? what of her ? she who failed inLady Macbeth, went away and returned afterexperimenting, and entertained all Londonwith a triumph in the part.And besides these very great performers letus not forget there are lesser ones. Especiallylet us consider how hard it is on those verygifted men and women who are rather (orvery) unusual and who never become verycelebrated: Robson, for example, FrederickLemaitre and Fechter, Mrs Charke, andMiss Achurch, Modjeska and a round dozen ofother famous performers who somehow neverquite arrived—ask the eight or nine big Pub- lics if they have heard of these performers.And, compared with the great Talma,Lemaitre was, after all, a little affair.. Bythe side of Rachel, Fechter was merely arather clever being: Miss Achurch neverapproached where Mrs Kendal sat in state :as for Mrs Charke, why, even Mrs Abing- don has made us forget her.Where, I ask, can such talents experi- ment ? Not before us, I beg; not that anyhow;not during Entertainment hours, or in a placeof Entertainment, or the trouble will nevercease. And what of the others who cancontribute to our evening's enjoyment. Theproducers, the stage managers, the scenery men,and the other craftsmen and crafts women.To take the least and last first: a singlecrafts woman. A costumier. Who is therewants to see her trial dresses however cleverthey may be, tried on in front of us on astage ? yet where else is she to try them on ?before whom ? and when ? There seems. tobe no place.To take a workman on a rather largerscale, a scenic man, ...say Appia. What onearth is to be done if a scene by Appia isto be ventured on ? Are we to do as theTeatro delta Scala in Milano did: bundlethree of four scenes on a vast scale on tothe boards, giving a few weeks or monthsrehearsals to them ? Is that the way ? M. Ap- pia you say has been preparing his scenesfor " Tristan and Isolde for about twentyyears. But so had Mr E. K. Chambers been devoting exactly that number of years to pre- paring his four volumes " The ElizabethanStage But Mr E. K. Chambers was sentproofs to see for many months, I supposetwelve at least; he saw the proofs, and was ableto correct and recorrect, no one was getting inhis way, no intrigue, no petty jealousies;everyone was at his command. All was athis service : nothing left undone to help himto entertain us.... to entertain us by a scholarlypiece of work.That's all quite different, you say.... awriter and a scenic man are two quite diffe- rent propositions. Well, if you say so. Isuppose it is so ; yet the end is the same.The end is to entertain us. Some publicslike fine work, some less fine; but in theworld of letters the authors of " The StrangeAdventures of a Four Wheeler " and " TheElizabethan Stage " are each allowed tobring their work to perfection.... out of sightof the audience.The author of a cheap novelette needs aweek or a month or two to make it perfectas a cheap novelette can be : the author ofa History like " The Elizabethan Stage "needs longer. Each can have his wish.Can Appia ? Can Lemaitre ? Can Con- rad ? Masefield ? Bottomley ? When it's amatter of the Stage, assuredly No.Again I seem to be allowing myself too greatliberty with my assurance. Yet this time 1may be right. What do you think ? You whoknow the Stage.... who have attended therehearsals of some five or ten plays, what doyou think ?I am not at all certain, but I rather be- lieve that the more worth while an idea is,a play, a design, a talent, the longer willexperiment be needed. Are you of my opi- nion ? For suppose we speak of even a les- ser thing of beauty than M. Appia's " Tris- tan " scenes ; ....let us speak of M. Fortuny'sCupola invention. Some call it a white ele- phant, and the turntable stage the white ele- phant's spouse. May be, and yet may beno such thing. All I know as a fact is this :that for years the cupola was being tried inPai is on a smallish scale, in a small privatetheatre belonging to the Comtesse de Berne.And all Paris said it was " epatant ", "di- vine ", when looking at it; and yet no oneapplied it to the Opera or the Comedie.Why not? Oh, hundreds of excuses were ea- sily found. Good excuses or bad reasons,but excuses. The very wise said this: "Ona small scale it is priceless ; put it to a lar- ger use and it becomes futile ". Yet in 1919it was put into the largest Theatre in Eu- rope, La Scala at Milano, and is used theretoday. Whether it be of value or not doesnot concern me here.But why was it that some eighteen years,or eighty, had to pass by before it got thereand on to other stages? I venture to replythat there was no proper place in which toexperiment wiih it; but is that the true an- swer ?By a proper place to experiment in, I donot mean some Private Theatre into which,may be, we are not invited. Where politenothings are murmured and rude things whis- pered. Neither is an ordinary workshop quitethe proper place.What is ?Whatever you may reply you cannot, Ithink, fail to admit that some place is neededand some reachable sensible place too.€§ Again, what of these Lighting methods ?these Andre, Hasait, Samoiloff, not to men- tion other, methods of painting scenes bymeans of light.The Hasait was tried in London, bangin the middle of our evening's entertainment,It is always bang in the middle of something.Could anything be more stupid, more war- rented to annoy us. To have to be worriedby an experiment just as I am going to enjoymyself, and have paid for my ticket; to seeclouds and towers and trees all being triedout in front of me, .... no, no, no, that is ri- diculous and amateurish.Yet where are such things to be triedout, and where perfected, so that with theexperiments in play-writing, acting, mise-en- scene, sceneries and costumes, they can passunobserved as experiments on to the PublicStage and delight everyone by coming off suc- cessfully on their very first appearance.WHERE ?ENTERTAINMENT and study are two diffe- rent things. Never should entertainmentshow the heavy signs of study, never shouldstudy be tinged by anything lighter.At least so it seems to me, and I aminclined to think that some of our more se- rious English Dramatic critics such as Mr Lit- tlewood, Mr Montague, Mr Monkhouse andMr Walkley are of this opinion too.Mr Walkley and Mr Montague, to takebut two who know what a good piece ofwriting is, (dramatic or otherwise), would notwant the work of a Tehekov, a Bennett, aHardy, a Moore, a Becque or a Strindbergto be kept back just because a dozen mana- gers throw up their hands and say quite ho- nestly " I can do nothing with these playsif the managers cannot, they are right to sayso ; but that does not make it right for nomore effort to be made by others to make itpossible for a manager, (an entertainment ma- nager), to see his way to doing a good dealwith these plays. But who? — what others?The plays by these great writers have beenkept back. Why? was it Intrigue? plot andcounter-plot? or prejudice? Fol-de-riddle, nosuch thing.There is intrigue and plot and prejudicerampant from Hong Kong to Lands-end but thesedon't hinder Becque, Strindberg and Co. Itis the sheer downright difficulty of performing,of presenting, and making an entertainmentout of Becque and Strindberg (and of doingthis in a hurry) which is, in my opinion, theprime and natural cause of all the trouble.Show the manager and show the actor andthe stage carpenter how these plays can bedone and they'll be only too ready to help.Why should they not be ready? They'lllaunch them right enough, but someone mustmake it easier and safer.WHO?THE questions which need answering are,where can we work out a way to stageunusual plays unusually acted and staged and,when the place is found, who can do it?I will not dream of venturing on a didacticreply to either question. The matter is alittle too important and the results of a hastyreply on anyone's part would only lead toargument and noise, and in the noise the valueof discovering the right answer would be lost.But with even my small experience (I willnot state how many years, but they are morethan fifteen) of the European Theatre, I knowthis: that for the right reply to just these twoquestions, not only the English, but the Euro- pean Stage is waiting.I mean that unless we keep to the ques- tions asked here and find a final answer tothem quickly, we delay things, and "*in delaythere lies no plenty ".When the right reply be given and agreedon as the right one, very many thousands ofpounds will be saved in every city yearly: andmany noble dramas and witty dramas will beseen more or less immediately after: and thebetter actors will emerge and strengthen theefforts of those who are already famous andshine brilliantly. And whatever nation can de- velope the right answer to its fullest capacity,can realize its meaning best, will be thenation to lead the rest in all matters of Thea- trical entertainment.This much anyhow is clear: Drury LaneTheatre; the Opera in Paris and the Scalaat Milano are, it seems to me, none of themthe place to risk experiments.The Directors of these places of enter- tainment may, and do, playfully pretend thatthey are progressive, and are doing devilishdaring things. But that is all moonshine.They have neither the exact ability, nor arethey so placed as to be able to experiment.What is done in these places has to be verysafe indeed ; there must be no bungling. Noimitator of Edmund Kean saved Drury Lanein 1813-14. It was the man himself.1 hazard the suggestion, that what is neededby these places of entertainment is an originalmasterpiece, be it a play, a performance, amise-en-scene, a ballet, or even an opera,and the farcical attempt to palm off an imi- tation with " Angelo " should have made thatclear by now to Drury Lane.But where are you going to find a mas- terpiece, or several pieces of work by diffe- rent masters ? They exist, but how get them ?I suggest again: — Supply a place forthem to develope in; put this place undercontrol of a theatrical man who is not beingemployed. " What, a school? " " No, hardlya school. You don't invite Mr Hardy andMr Masefield into a school ".Then what place ?Well, a place to which the playwrightsfrom Strindberg (now too late) to Mr Masefieldwill come, and where they will find men andwomen with whom it is possible for them tospeak.A club ?Hardly that either. Neither a school nor aclub, nor an experimental workshop. What then? if I am forced to reply I have no notionwhatever. If I say what I think you will notlisten; if I listen perhaps you will say what Ithink. But I believe that this, the most dif- ficult thing which remains to be decided mustbe settled first of all, if our English Dramaand Stage are to begin to reestablish them- selves. After that be decided, there are eightor nine almost as difficult things to solve.But I believe this to be the very first- THE OLD THEATRES OF PIACENZA. BY A. M. NASALI-ROCCA. PLAN OF THE ANCIENT TEATRODEI.LE SALINE, P1ACENZA, (CIRCA 1592: PARI). (From Paliastrelli MS. No. 258. This Plan is reproduced by kind permission of the "Associazione Amici dell'Arte" of Piacenza Plate 21. PLAN OF THE TEATRO DICITTA DELTA, PIACENZA (ALSO CALLED DUCALE). {CIRCA 16 so. PA PI). From Pallastrelli MS. No, 258. GROUND PLAN OF THE CASINO DEI VIRTUOSI JOINED TO THE TEATRO DI C1TTADELLA, PIACENZA. From Pallastrelli MS. No, 258. These two Plans are reproduced by kind permission of the "Associazione Amici dell'Arte" of Piacenza. Plate 22. (a) TEATRO DELLE SALINE. IN the middle ages there were no theatres;jousts and tourneys took their place. Onlyat the time of the Renaissance were theyrestored to their ancient honours with therevival of the classic drama; and they wereat the outset moveable, and were often notfor public use but for the private embellish- ment of the houses of the gentiy.At Piacenza there is no record that anysuch theatre existed till the end of the 16thcentury. The most ancient which we findrecorded in our chronicles is that known asthe teatro delle Saline, because beneath thebuilding was the depositary of the salmarino(sea-salt) which was situated in the street ofthe same name, and exactly at the anglewhere now stands the Ccsa Fracassi and thesite of the baths of the Hotel Croce Bianca. "Its erection dates back to the end of theaforesaid century, as is asserted by the chro- nicler Boselli, who, under the date of August 1592, writes that the building of thedella Commedia, over the dazio grande orgreat customs house near the church of SantoProtaso, was commenced, at the expense ofthe Signor Pietro Martire Bonvino.Towards the middle of the past century,says Commendatore Agnelli in his " Rela- zione sul teatro municipale ", (Piacenza, 1888,pg* 24) it was almost in ruins, and the En- gineer Domenico Cerdimisca subjected it totwo enquiries, the one in 1743 and the otherin 1746;| and these enquiries form part of afascicolo of the fine Pallastrelliani Collectiontogether with the plan of the Theatre madeby a certain Zanetti.It had three tiers of boxes with twenty- six boxes to each tier, and with the royalbox and a loggione or gallery, and it wasthen called Teatro Regio.It is to be noted that, the boxes havingbeen by special grant accorded in ownershipto the patricians only, the citizens who wishedto be present at the performances had eitherto take their places on the groundfloor or todepend upon the box-holders' good-will.The theatre served not only for dramaticrepresentations but also for lyrical spectacles.In 1776 it is recorded that there appearedthere during the carnival season the singerRosa Sardi 05), a celebrity of that time, towhom Giampaolo Maggi dedicated the homageof his admiration in an ode which is preservedin manuscript in the Biblioteca Comunale.This playhouse continued in use evenafter the present day Teatro Municipale wasbuilt, (1804) serving especially for perfor- mances of comedies, and for the veglioni (&lt;0which were then as today in great favouramongst the people of Piacenza. On theseoccasions Piacentine dilettanti not infrequentlyappeared in dramatic performances, to bepresent at which one paid a (20centesimi) for admission. The theatre wasclosed for some years, then demolished.During the two centuries or more inwhich the teatro delle Saline was open, twoother theatres were established in Piacenza;the Theatre of the Palazzo Comunale andthe Theatre della Cittadella, of which I willgive some brief information here. II. TEATRO DEL PALAZZO COMUNALE. IN the month of April, 1644, to celebratethe peace concluded between the DukeOdoardo Farnese and the Pope, who hadbeen at war for the possession of the Duchyof Castro, the great sala or hall of the PalazzoComunale was, I believe, for the first time,adapted to use as a theatre, a performancebeing given of the Finta Pazza, a musicaldrama executed by a company of singersknown as the Accademici Filiarmonici. Theentrance ticket cost 3 lire and 15 soldi, avery high price in those days.Soon afterwards the Duke had a com- plete theatre constructed, and here, on March17th 1646, v/as performed the melodrama, ilratto di Elena (the Rape of Helen) by theCompany of Bernardo Morando, at whichperformance there took part also two ladies," rare in such profession " says a contempo- rary chronicler.This spectacle, presented with great dis- play and magnificence, had attracted to Pia- cenza an enormous number of people, amongwhom was Francesco 1., Duke of Modena.The libretto of the drama printed in Codognois preceded by a description of the Theatrein which it says, among other things: "there" arises majestically, facing the piazza -" giore (great piazza) the theatre newly con- structed here by the command of the most" serene Lord Duke. A great space is" given to the stage, where pulleys, wheels," stairs, passages (sentieri) and scaffoldings," while forming a labyrinth which seems" disordered and confused, yet with propor- " tioned order regulate the machines and" control their stupendous movements. Such" space is wholly hidden from the auditorium" from which it is divided by means of a" remarkable tavolato, (a hoarding or parti- " tion) upon which, in bas-relief, the city of" Piacenza is depicted, adorned with colours," rich in gold and bright with lights ".The same tavolato, although heavy andmassive, opens and closes in the twinklingof an eye, as though it were a light curtain,to reveal and hide the stage.In the remaining space, which affordsconvenient accommodation for thousands ofseated spectators, rise in stately fashion twenty- two columns of doric order, marble-coloured,with the bases and capitals of bronze; andabove, adorned with gold, runs a marblecornice, the spaces between the projectionsof which are occupied by nineteen tablets,with various devices relative to the theatre.Other two tiers of columned loggie withcolumns of composite order rise above thefirst; and there is also one order of columnsmore, painted in on the ceiling, upon whichis also painted a sky; and this, closing all, formsthe roof of the theatre. A corona or corniceof twenty-two statues in white marble, whichrepresent Architecture, Fame, the nine Muses,and the nine sciences with which each of thenine Muses is distinctively related, completesthe whole. More notable than all else, ador- ned, and in itself a superb adornment, therestands out at the end of the theatre the boxof the most serene Princes.This theatre was erected under the di- rection of Cristoforo Rangoni, a Piacentino,and a talented architect known throughoutItaly.On the frontone above the proscenium wasplaced the following inscription: OdoardusFarnesius dux V, bello per decennium gloriosotractato, et tandem suis parta pace, teatrumhoc ad propriam suorunque hilaritatem erexit.Quos enim sibi, fideles inter tot martis discriminasemper vidit, eosdem inter pacis otia felicitatiset laetitiae socios habere voluit MDCXLV1.In the May of 1669 it is recorded thatat the expense of the Duke Ranuccio II theo per a in mmica " Coriolanus" was repre- sented: after which year there is no furtherindication of .any spectacles performed in theTeatro del Palazzo. III. TEATRO DELLA CITTADELLA. THE Teatro Ducale orrose near the ancient cittadella Visconieafrom which it derived its name, and in theprecise spot where now stands the so-calledscuderia di Maria Luisa (stables of MariaLuisa) at the Cittadella. The Theatre wasunited with the Palazzo Farnese by means ofa gallery through which the princes passedfrom palace to theatre to witness the perfor- mances. Agnelli speaks about this in hisaccount (page 24): in fact living Piacentines have seen the great exterior walls of theTheatre, in the midst of which, open to thesky, they have been present at displays ofhorse-riding, mountebanks, etc.; and they haveaiso seen the Gallery, as well as the Casinoof the virtuosi which was annexed to theback part of the Theatre, and which, escapinga fire, has since served for various uses.The theatre was restored in 1730 andseems to have been very beautiful, since, onthe occasion of its reopening, poems wereprinted, among which was an Eclogue whichforms part of a miscellany of the PallastrellianCollection existing in our Library. In thisEclogue the Theatre is described as a stu- pendous achievement. It had four tiers, eachof twenty-four boxes with Royal box andloggione like that of the Teairo delle Saline.From our chronicles we have no informa- tion when the theatre was built; probably inthe second half of the 17th century whenthe Teatro del Palazzo Comunale ceased tobe used. It already existed in 1662 whenthe " Andromeda of the Piacentine CarloBassi with music by the maestro IsidoroTortona was given there.There exists a large collection of librettiof operas which were given in this Theatre, acollection curious to consult for its intrinsicquality no less than for the names of theartists who took part in the performance andfor those of the ladies who by order of theducal court presided at the spectacles. Spe- cial performances were always given here forthe coming of foreign princes, and drewspectators even from distant parts.The Theatre was destroyed by an acci- dental fire on the night of December 24th,1798. Its ruins served as a hiding-place formany years for thieves and good-for-nothingsof all kinds, until in 1840 the present-daymilitary stables were built on the site.Those were the last gleams of an intenseartistic vitality; these the first signs of deca- dence.At Piacenza, which has in every periodfurnished a dignified asylum to art, the pasthas a terrible admonitory voice.But we do not illude ourselves; and fromour nostalgic recollections we do but derivethe strength to hope that we too may accom- plish something, so that, in the new century,an Italian theatre may be created ; provincial,if you will, dialectic if necessary, but Italian in backbone and in soul. Today, instead ofthis, all are infected by the French, or by, atany rate, some exotic taint. (a) Those interested in this subject will find furtherinformation in a study compiled upon the theatre tradi- tions of Piacenza by Professor Augusto Balsano for the" Amici dell'Arte" in that city: also in the analagousstudy compiled many years earlier by L. Cerri, and amongthe manuscripts of Casa Pastrelli in the Civic Library ofPiacenza, (b) Not mentioned in Grove's Dictionary (1911),[Editor].(c) Carnival balls and festivities. SIR HENRY IRVING. FROM A SKETCH MADE Of THE ENGLISH ACTOR BY PAUL RENOUARD. A Reproduction of this sketch is (together with one ofRachel by Mrs Tom Taylor) included with this numberof the Fine Paper Edition of " The Mask and sent toall subscribers to that Edition.€J The Sketch is signed P. Rd, Westminster. Re- nouard drew this Sketch of Irving at the Coronation ofKing Edward VII in . 1902; at the same time Renouardmade several like sketches of Irving in the character ofMephistopheles in " Faust This play Irving had revivedin 1902 at the Lyceum Theatre. Two other sketches ofIrving by Renouard were reproduced in " The Mask"Volume VII, 1914. So far as we know this one hasnever been reproduced elsewhere. Paul Renouard, bornin 1845, died on January 3rd 1924. THE MASKIS THE FINESTCOMOD IT YIN THE WORLD.GOLDONI.FLAMINIA IN" IL VECCHIO B1ZZARRO. THE PRODUCER. BY LENNOX ROBINSON. FOURTEEN years ago when, youngand very ignorant, it was proposedthat I should be made manager of theAbbey Theatre, Lady Gregory lookedat me, and said, " He must be taughthow to box so that he may be ableto throw people out of the theatre ";and Mr Granville Barker looked atme and said, "He must see that thename of the producer is always printedon the programme ". I never learnedhow to box, but I quickly learnedhow to throw people out, and I havefollowed Mr Barker's advice faitfuliyand immodestly. I mention this just to fix the dateat which the producer, in England,was beginning to be a person of im- portance in the theatre. The producersof a previous generation, if they wereimportant, were generally important fora different reason—perhaps they wereactor-managers like Sir Henry Irving—but it was a little new, in spite ofMr. Gordon Craig's work, for someonewho was neither actor nor manager tobe elevated to a point of importanceequalling, if not exceeding, any of these,and Mr. Barker rightly felt that wehad to fight for recognition. Theposition is won now, the entity of theproducer is recognized, and even peoplewho are not veiy learned in theatricalmatters will talk glibly of the " pro- ductions " of Mr. Nigel Playfair, Mr.J, B. Fagan, and Mr. Basil Dean. Itis questionable, however, whether theadvent of the recognised producer hasmeant very much in the English thea- tre, and whether the playgoer of the4 nineties, brought suddenly face to facewith the productions of the presentyear, would be conscious that a newforce had appeared in our theatre. The whole question of the produceris beset with argumentative points whichit would take us many a Sunday todiscuss, the most vital of them, perhaps,being the extent to which a producershould produce. With that thornypoint I shall not trouble myself now,but consider instead why, taking ourtheatre as a whole, it has given birthto no great producer. A great dealof distinguished work has been doneby the three I have named, in muchof which I have delighted. Mr Barkeris not yet forgotten, and Mr. Craig,even from Florence, makes himself felt, but there is no producer inEngland whose work one would goand see, irrespective of the quality ofthe play produced, as one would goin Germany to see the work ofReinhardt. You look forward to " Theway of the world" with an addedpleasure when you learn that Mr.Nigel Playfair is responsible for itsproduction, but you go more forCongreve's sake than for Mr, Playfair's,and Mr. Galsworthy attracts more thanMr. Dean. Yet these producers, andothers I have not named, have ideas,have taste, have originality. Why hastheir work been of so little importance? The answer that comes to me atonce, and that satisfies me, is the oldone, the answer that explains so manyof the ills of cur theatre; Too fewpeople are interested in the art of thetheatre. This apathy runs throughevery class; the rich are as indifferentas the poor. Both look on the theatreas a luxury, never as a necessity, andin the moment of crisis, be it personal,financial, or national, the first thingsacrificed is the ticket for the play.If a rich man allows himself to becomeinterested in the theatre to the extentof financing it, ninety-nine times outof a hundred he expects to get everypenny of his money back, and adecent percentage as well. If he puts£500 into a production of " Hamlet,"and never sees his money again, hetalks of having " lost" it. If he spentthe same money on a picture or intravel he would use a different verb.As if one could " lose " money on anart! Mr. Barker pointed out long agothe joy, the sheer fun, that awaitedthe rich man who went in for a theatreinstead of a racing-stable, but, in spiteof Mr Barker, the racing-stables continueto flourish, and the theatre languishes.Where he failed I dare not expect tosucceed, but if I had fifty thousand ayear (and did not myself want toproduce), Mr. Fagan or Mr. Playfairwould have a gaudy time with mypocket-money. There is no escaping the fact thatthe theatre is an expensive art. I havenever believed that the best picturesand the best books were created byartists living in a garret, and trace noconnection between masterpieces and achronically half-empty stomach, but itis possible for the painter or writer todo good work under straitened cir- cumstances; it is not possible for thetheatrical producer. He is workingwith the most expensive materials in the world. But how can he experi- ment in a theatre where his finger mustall the time be pressed on the pulseof the box-office? I turn over the pagesof a great book which has just beenpublished, dealing with the work ofMax Reinhardt, and I read how heexperimented with pageantry and a bigtheatre, how he experimented with atiny theatre, then with a vast theatreagain, how lavish, how prodigal hisexperiments were. I read of the greatpopular success of certain productions;I am quite certain that others werefailures; Iam certain that he or someone" lost" huge sums of money. Butyear after year someone was ready torisk this loss, and I know, why, whenI read that "Theatre-going is for theViennese, the centre around whichtheir intellectual life revolves The book makes me sick withenvy. I have produced for years ina theatre so abjectly poor that one hadto consider twice before giving permis- sion for the purchase of a seven-and- sixpenny blouse—a new costume wasout of the question—where one turnedover a rag-bag of dresses with thegreedy claw of a street scavenger,where for every play the same shabbybits of scenery had to be used. Thesethings are a disgrace to my country,it is hateful to speak of them, but thesame condition of affairs — not quiteso abject, perhaps—prevails in theEnglish theatre to-day. When Mr,Basil Dean writes and tells me thatowing to the general slump in thea- trical business he is forced indefinitelyto postpone his Playbox series of pro- ductions, when I see Mr. J. B. Faganadapting novels for the stage instead ofso beautifully producing Shakespeare,when I think of the sterility of Mr.Gordon Craig, I know that the theatrein England is in a sick and sorrycondition. There is no use in ourwaiting until a public is evolved whoseintellectual life will revolve round thetheatre—God help them, what intel- lectual life could revolve round theLondon stage to-day? But a greatrepertory of dramatic literature is onour bookshelves, the players are readyand willing to play, there are producersin England, I venture to think, as greatartists as Reinhardt; does no rich mancare enough for the theatre to endowone of them? Every day the rich aremaking the world more safe for theold and the mad, the halt, the maimed,and the blind; will no rich man makethe world a little safe for the young,the beautiful, for the arts? A PROTEST FROM AN ACTOR. TO THE EDITOR. No. Two of these designs shows us how the actors of a hundred years ago travelled from town to town in France, when visiting small theatres which had no Scenery, (Editor). Sir:IMPELLED by curiosity, I searchedI since April last to discover the sourceof your Headless Gardener on page 53of that number of 44 The Mask andI have stumbled across three similarheadless figures. Conceive my astonish- ment to find the three associated withthings theatrical; (I) Travelling actors;(2) Marionnettes; (3) The TheatreOdeon of Paris.I do not believe that the artist whodrew these figures, intended deliberatelyto insult a body of men and womenwho were, and are still, I thank God,trying to do their duty; but it is a pe- culiar offensive notion of his, to asso- ciate the members of our professionwith headless men.If we have a fault it is that we arerather too brainy than otherwise. Thefact of these three designs having beenmade in or about the years 1820-30does not in my opinion mitigate the of- fence.I hope that my protest will do some- thing to combat and restrain the ec- centric attitude of, alas, too many mil- lions of people, against the stars andpuppets of the stage, and its playhouses.I am, Sir, faithfully, An English Actor. TEATRO DELLA FENICE VENICE. A NOTE BY GEORGES DEVOTO. THIS design shows the chief entrance to the Teatro thesite for which is given in Plate 23. The position ofthis entrance is marked 43 on the plan, but it does notthrust quite so far forward in the Campiello.In 1789 some Venetian gentlemen formed themselvesinto a Noble Society of the New Theatre and issued onNovember 1st a four-page programme in which they pro- posed to erect a new Theatre for opera in Venice. Thecity already possessed six theatres.The Teatro S. Giovanni Grisostomo, built in 1677,in Rio di S. Marina.The Teatro S. Luca, built in 1629, in Calle deiFabbri.The Teatro S. Samuele, built in 1655, in Rio delDuca.The Teatro S. Benedetto, built in 1755, in Rio diS. Luca.The Teatro S. Moise, built in 1639, in the parishof S. Moise.Ihe Teatro S. Cassiano, rebuilt in 1629, in CalleS, Cassiano.There were also a. few private Teatrtni still existing,Including Teatro (private) San Moise; (circa 1700) in Calle Lunga ; and Teatro dei Rinnovati (circa 1790) inPalazzo Cavalli.The programme of 1789 invited architects of Veniceand other towns of Italy to compete for this commission.It stated all conditions, and an engraved plan of the groundspace and surrounding calles, rios and campos was sentto every intending competitor. This plan measured 24 :*/4by 17 i/2 inches, and was engravad by Gian: Ant:Selva, the chief architect of Venice at that time.Amongst those who sent in designs or models, (some- times both were submitted), were the architects CosimoMorelli of Imola: Cossetli of Colorno: Andrea Bon ofTr eviso: Pietro Bianchi of Venice: and Giov: Ant: Selvaof Venice.Only eleven models were sent in, and these wereexhibited to the public in Venice for eight days and thework of Selva received general approbation, Bianchi's beingthe next favourite.In February 1790 they began to destroy the houseswhich covered the site, and Selva commenced to build histheatre which was finished on May 16th 1792.On December 12th-13th 1836 it was destroyed byfire, but immediately rebuilt on the old designs (" wif'improvements ") by the brothers Tomaso and Gian: BaMadonna, the Venetian architects.The theatre held about 2000 persons, 850 of thebeing on the plate a: there were 167 loggie,Today this opera house is one of the most beautifulin Europe; it has a lightness of effect which belongs tcgood music. The ceiling, though large, seems suspendedin the air, and does not weigh down with the massiveeffect given to most theaire ceilings by architects who feeland think rather too solidly about things.The above reproduction showing an elevation of imentrance to the Theatre is from the original design bySelva and was engraved in 1884. WHEREVER THERE ISo A PLAYHOUSE oTHE WORLDWILL GO ONNOT AMISS.HA Z LITT . PLAN OF THE SITE ON WHICH THE TEATRO FEN ICE CAME TO BE BUILT IN VENICE. PLAN DRAWN BY ARCH. G. B. SELVA. 1755-1819. The shape of this site we rather think might baffle most architects in to the sites on which they are to build. The irregularity of the sites in London and Pans today. If we may be at all critical of a body of men Venice did not prevent hundreds of master architects from erecting a who at all times have our admiration, we would say that they are apt to city which for beauty is probably second to none. For a Note on this spoil the appearance of a city because thay expect too regular a shape Plan see page 182. Plate 23 PLAYWRIGHTS, CRITICS, AND "THE GORDON CRAIG LEGEND BY ASHLEY DUKES. ON THE ART OF THE THEA- 1RE by Edward Gordon Craig.(Heinemann, 1016 net.). 5th. Ed. THIS is the fifth edition of a bookthat is known to every reader of" The Mask but appears to beunknown to every theatrical manager,as well as to most of the actors, pro- ducers and journalists who practise inthe theatre. I say unknown, for al- though they may have read it, theyhave not begun to comprehend itsmeaning. Is Mr. Craig so hard tounderstand ? He is an artist, certainly,an artist in expression. He is willingto explain, but he refuses the banalitiesof explanation. He demands to beimet on his own ground of sensibilitytto art, and it is precisely on this groundthat so many of his opponents areunfitted to meet him. Hence the ce- lebrated Gordon Craig legend is aswidespread and fantastic as ever. Itis still possible to lunch at Simpson'swith a distinguished dramatic critic, tolisten with pleasure to his witty con- versation and fund of reminiscence, tosaunter arm in arm with him down theStrand, composing anathemas (as mendo when they have lunched well—bles- sings are composed after dinner), andthen suddenly among the catholic anti- pathies that ate revealed by this urbaneand cultivated mind, to hear withastonishment the name of Mr Craig,with all the pious fury ofan excommunicator. This strange expe- rience happened to me only a fewweeks ago. I asked myself then, I askmyself again after re-reading the book—how is it possible for a master-craftsmanto be so completely misjudged by hisfellow-craftsmen ? Doubtless it is be- cause they are working on differentplanes, in different directions.Yet I would look at Mr. Craig's work from the standpoint of the every- day theatre—the theatre of first nightsand first-nighters, the theatre of popularactors and actresses who exploit theirown personality, the theatre of pretendedrealism whose drawing-room doors openwith a click at the rise of the curtain,the theatre of the dressmaker and thetailor and the furniture dealer, thetheatre where all the world's a shopand all the players merely mannequins.You may say it is in the nature of sucha theatre to misapprehend the artist. But nature is heredity, environment.We have to allow for the history ofthis shopkeeping theatre, its origin,education, and habits of thought. Aboveall, we have to consider its dogmasand superstitions. For my part, I be- lieve the greatest of these superstitionsto be the infallibility of the dramatist.Remove this author from his papalthrone, divest him of the insignia inwhich he is enwrapped, and there willbe some hope for his fellow-artists ofthe stage. Until recently, what was a" modern " movement in the theatre ?A movement led by " modern " dra- matists. What was| the difference be- tween the older and the younger schoolof drama ? The substitution of theauthority of Shaw for the authority ofPinero. Let Jack Tanner replaceAubrey Tanqueray by all means, butlet us not suppose that the theatrethereby makes any progress.The method called dramatic realismgreatly favoured the conception of thestage as an author's moral gymnasium.The listeners to drama became Ibsenitesor Shavians, and forgot that there hadnever been Shakespeareans. Now, ineffect, the dramatist is the autocrat ofthe theatre, whether he be the authorof Saint Joan or Our Betters or JaneClegg; and all the ordinary mindsamong actors and producers are devotedto the faithful interpretation of his willI have written two little booksabout modern dramatists, and it hasnot occurred to any reviewer to askwhy these craftsmen of the theatreshould be considered apart from thetheatre as a whole. Yet this is themost reasonable question that could beasked. 1 confess to having begun, asa critic of the stage, by thinking interms of dramatists alone. It is nevertoo late to mend. I confess to havingbeen converted, not by Mr. Craig, butby the dramatists themselves. It is nowplain to me that as separate individuals," men with a message " as the sayinggoes, they have no more to say to us.Only as artist-craftsmen and collabora- tors can they serve the theatre of thefuture.When dramatic realism died a na- tural death (and it is now quite dead)the absolute authority of the dramatistdied with it. Critics of the theatre,accustomed to thinking of drama alone,naturally supposed that the new gene- ration of dramatists would resemble theold—that is to say, they would be anew race of anarcho-individualists, withsome minor differences of temperamentto distinguish them from Ibsen orHauptmann or Shaw: " Expressionists 'vwas the most popular choice. ErnstPoller, Georg Kaiser, Pirandello, Claudel,Andreev, Elmer Rice—all these dra- matists who were palpably not of therealistic school were regarded as menwith a new personal message to deliverfrom the platform of the stage. To mymind this view is quite mistaken." Expressionism " is not the philosophyof a playwright, or of a dozen play- wrights. It is a sign of the return oftheatricality to the theatre. It offers theactor a material larger than his ownpersonality or even his author's con- ception of character. I believe that theyoungest dramatists are collaborators andartist-craftsmen rather than autocrats ofthe stage. Some of them at least areturning towards a comprehension of thetheatre as a whole, the theatre of formand colour and movement. That theyshould rebel against realism is a smallmatter, for realism itself was a smallmatter. That they should hold outhands of comradeship to the actor andthe designer and-the musician is a largematter, for that way lies the freedomof the theatre from the shackles ofready-made drama. Do not the dra- matists owe much to Mr Craig, whofor the past twenty years has steadilypointed out their path ? I think theydo. One day it may be said of himthat he taught even playwrights tounderstand their art. FOREIGN NOTES. TWICKENHAM AND THE WORLD. X. SEEN from afar, London often offers to the eyes of Eu- rope quite a gay bit of red flannel.For example, the spectacle of Mr A. B. Walkley, thedramatic critic of the " Times throwing Thames mud atthe Arno, egging poor old Father Thames to utter theimmortal phrase " I'm better than you, I am", is alltowards gaiety. The Arno is a peculiarly poor bit ofriver, ....if fine fresh water be the essence of a good river,and so the mud of the Arno will bear comparison any daywith that of the Thames, ....only there is not quite so muchof it as purls through London and Twickenham.A, B. W. is charming; he is quite convinced that(Paris apart) no other city than London is in existence, orever was or ever will be. All that he writes reveals thisstubborn charm. And Barrie, to him, is one of thegreatest of Playwriters, ...for this reason: that Barrie is inLondon. Were Barrie in his own Bonnie Scotland, A.B.W.might be rather frigid. " Where I am, that's the place "is A.B.W. 's motto, ....and how sensible, and how rural.Telegraphs, railways, newspapers, the busy hum of theEuropean cities, Wien, Roma, Berlin, Madrid, Amsterdam,,Prague and Poggibonsi, of all these things and placesA. B. W. is unconscious, as he walks in Lincoln's InnFields with gloves on, picking a daisy or two. Thesethings and these places do not count for him, ....luckyfellow He has heard of America, but doesn't believe intit. Where he is, that's the place.And there is a very great deal to be said for this pointof view.Here are we on the round earth, ....that should cer- tainly be the place for us.If A. B. W. likes a special corner in it so as to becosy, I think him far more sensible than am I who preferto wander around and see as much of my property as Ican. It is far more sensible because wandering around isfatiguing, even if delightful. And what can one see of aplace like Siena or Nuremberg in three or four days ;even after a full year in Genova or even twenty years inLondon, what has one seen of either? They becomeiferely a part of the world, ....instead of worlds in them- selves:—No? 1 once lived in the Hague for six whole years;it stands out as remarkable amongst cities, ....more remarkablethan Berlin, possibly than London or obviously than Paris,but, for all that, it remains for me but one delightful spotin a superb world.I know some people who speak of Munchen as though it and no other city was the place of places. A charmingand a rather dreary fad:—for Munchen is a nice oldmore or less tumble-down modern place and no more.Were I ever to add to my own and other people'samusement by attempting to find the hub of the universe,I think 1 should look for that city which had produced,and still was producing, the most remarkable men andwomen, a city which was built better than any otherplace, and made better songs and wines.The worst of it is that my own native town ofTwickenham would be ruled out of the game at once.There is, of course, 41 Twickenham Ferry ", which is nota bad tune to whistle, but, against it, those accursed fellows.Palestrina, Bach and Chopin have some airs which settle:that.For architecture even the few streets of San Gimignanoand Fano render my poor Twickenham a sorry joke.As for wine, we didn't make it in my day, ....we had;beer, glorious beer. Up to Twickenham beer even Madrid,and Venezia cannot hold a candle, but for all that nothing;can make it into wine.And what of the Drama? Well, we had something;which goes well with beer or a good big cup of tea.Yes: After all I begin to think that A. B. W. is rightsand that Barrie is the man, is one of the greatest ofdramatists. The worst of it is that I've got to get snugand well into Twickenham again, before I can feel the fulltruth of this.But when I do get there and see once more (if onlywith the mind's eye) the dear old pub and all the fairiesthere, where's your Moli&amp;res or your Racines then?...,withCalderon and Ruzzante they are become so many oldfashioned nobodies; for I, in Twickenham, am at last inthe world again, and Barrie is with me; all the restmay seem all right on the banks of the Arno, the Seineand the Manzanares, but on the banks of the Thames(right here at Twickenham) they sound a little tooEuropean. BOOK REVIEWS. FOUR BOOKS. J. B. (1) WHAT is the Art of Terence tous? ....and who Eugene Scribe?Far less (dare one add unfortunately)than Rousseau and his Soviet Russiareported so enthusiastically by thatRousseau in little, Mr Huntly Carter.And inasmuch as the modernism ofRousseau and Russia are of far greaterinterest to the public today than willever Scribe or Terence be again, somuch are they the more alive.Personally 1 detest Rousseau and,living in Italy, 1 don't like the look ofthe Soviet theatre at all ....but I like theirpower to hold our interest. It was thefirst time 1 had ever read this Rousseaubook, ....books, rather, for Messrs Lip- pincott have given us two neat vo- lumes, and there can hardly be a betteredition in English. The volumes are easyto hold, light, cheap and printed with care.What a wonderful man this Rous- seau was to be able to recall in 1769what he did, said, felt, thought in 1728and even earlier. And to rememberwhat others said, how they looked,what the doors were like, the size ofrooms; ....really it is remarkable. Andhow remarkably stupid to bother aboutit at all. He is not witty nor charming :he goes on and on like some poorschoolmaster teaching folk their A.B.C.;he never seems to get beyond thesethree letters. 44 B.C.A., repeat it afterme ....are you ready? ....A.B.C.;A.C.B,; B.A.C. ; B.C.A.; C.A.B.;....now once more."He is of course original; he feels. No one else has ever felt... C.B.A.....A C B and he feels universally....and he alone is truthful too. ...overhis C.B A., A BC., B.A.C.I suppose it would have been un- true had he written 44 For my firsteighteen years I was a lout—softish,and did nothing"; yet many whohave had double his talent, double hisadventures and done twice as well ashe did, have felt that this was all theyhad to say at best of their early days.But then he was conceited, and neveroutgrew that.I wonder if Mr Huntly Carter everread Rousseau's Confessions. I haveread Mr book on Russia andam seized with a lasting hatred againstthe place and its dodges. I am im- pelled to sing at Carter. 44 You mademe hate her, but I didn't want todo itI can't possibly tell you what theirnew Theatres are like, because Carterdon't tell us; he talks about Russia and44 mass spectacle " and 44 bio-mechanics "and of course 44 communism ".These he says are related to, orenter into the Theatric art up there.Knowing that neither up there nordown here any such absurdity can everbe possible, I close the book and haveto admit that, while it may be, for allI know, a useful bit of communisticpropaganda, it is valueless to any sanetheatre for it is not about the theatre.The Theatre has again beenused;—not to make money this time,not to boom literary things,— not tooblige the amateur or to help a societybeauty on, but for another and, even,more futile reason.When Mr Carter will wash awaythe stuff and nonsense out of his faggedbrains, and return to the re-study of thetheatre where he left it off some yearsago, he will, perhaps, be some daywriting another book of technical value.A dose of Scribe I do not recom- mend. To some of us harmless, toMr. Carter fatal, it would cause himto feel justified in another revolt towardsnothing.In the volume on Scribe issued bythe Oxford University Press, that littlewonder appears neat and errorless. Inthe story of his life which is vastlyinteresting for its originality, (nothingSovietesque, 1 mean) we learn that,faultless though he was, successful,wealthy, and almost happy, he wasactually criticized. One had imaginedthat it was only those who werereduced to the ha'pence that got thekicks as well. Let no such clouds ofdelusion be allowed to gather lestthunder follow. Scribe has been reproached 44 forbeing so little moved by the tremendouspolitical and social upheavals abouthim " says Mr Arvin ; and then addsthat Scribe 44 had little sympathy withthe fundamental truths and principlesof life without which an artist cannotbe really great." Doesn't that yvinyou ? ....Isn't your interest awakenedin Scribe, I mean?Mr Arvin, who conceives that44 political and social upheaval " are44 fundamental truths and principles oflife' ', is like many millions of mentoday in Europe and America. That'swhere the pity comes in and the laughpops out.Dramatists exist in hundreds, whohave no conception whatever what itis to write. (Now for some heresy).Often the more celebrated writeris best at this. He considers DeMusset or Synge nice little fellowsbut small—small. I consider that bothof them tower above the so-called44intellectual" celebrity by virtue of theirknowing what it means to write ....bybeing born artists. We scribblers,who just dot down our opinions, oftenwonder how it is that another scribblerhas risen so high up without a singleattribute as a writer of fine English.And that should be the test of agreat dramatic writer: — First his powerto construct his play. (Scribe hadthat, and the celebrity sometimes hasit but it goes heavily). Secondly, hispower to write like—like—I am afraidI must say it—like a writer.Sheridan writes, Goldsmith writes,how Shakespeare writes!! Read thatlast speech in 44 Othello"; read thelast three pages of 44 Lear". Whathe thought of Joan of Arc or Macbethis of no importance whatever; hispolitics, his social views, are not wortha fig: what counts is his power toconstruct any kind of play you willand write like a man of leiters.And these two gifts had Terence.That's 'why the world is forgettinghim. ....When I refer to 4 the world 'you know who I mean.What more of Terence?—Booksfull; but we have first to get thislittle point clear, and we have itclouded at present:—it pays men whocan't write to obscure the truth aboutthe Latin Ballet of which Terence iseasily premier danseur and Shakespearea whole chorus; ....for Shakespeare isLatin.Is that, perhaps, why he is not to- lerated in England, and why the nationwastes its power trying to prove hewas a democratic group of writers all lending a hand ? (i) THE ART OF TERENCE byGilbert Norwood. Basil Blackwell. Ox- ford, ?/6 net,EUGENE SCRIBE AND THEFRENCH THE A TRE 1815-1860 by NeilCole Arvin Ph. D, Oxford UniversityPress, London. J2\6 net.THE CONFESSIONS OF J. J.ROUSSEAU. Translated into English.Illustrations by Maurice Leloir, 2. Vols.Lippincott. London. 4to, Price I2j— net.THE NEW THEATkE ANDCINEMA OF SOVIET RUSSIA.Huntly Carter. Chapman Cf Dodd. 52/-, THE DRAMA IN EUROPE IN THEORY AND PRACTICE, by Eleonor F. Jourdain, M. D. Oxon. Methuen. London. 5/—. LORENZO DA PONTE by Joseph Louis Russo. Ph. D. Oxford University Press. London. 11/6 net. E. E. THE author claims that 44 this bookis intended to be an introductionto a very large subject, but not anattempt to reduce the whole subjectwithin the limits of a small volume.I am therefore a little surprisedthat the author, who is Doctor of theUniversity of Paris and Principal ofSt Hugh's College, Oxford, had thecourage to bring the book out as 44 TheDrama in Europe in Theory andPractice"; and I am sorry that shedid not give us a short study uponany one of the hundreds of subjectstouched on so lightly in her book.For, as it is, here is only one moreversion of the old old History of theDrama; everything that can be crowiedinto 179 pages has been put in;  ..andI do not think well put in. YetMiss Jourdain comes from Oxford, isa scholar, and, had she given us 179pages all about some one detail ofDramatic History, something reallydifficult to discover (not to be disco- vered by reading the standard works)she would have contributed a thing ofvalue, if but one leaf.Her book has made me feel howgreat is the need of calling upon thedozens of historians of the stage andits drama to do one of two things;either to follow on the hard path alongwhich Mr. E. K. Chambers has gone;or else to linger where Ademollo pot- tered, for he pottered to some purpose.To go in search of what a singleperson did and said, towards buildingup or pulling down the Theatre of theCenturies, and to select some small themeof which hardly anything is known,that would be of value. To devotea hundred pages or even less to such astudy would not be to waste time inrepetition. It is, I am aware, verydifficult; but Signor Ademollo seemedto be able to do it, as witness hisbrochures on 441 primi fasti della M.U- sica Italiana a Parigi (1645-1662);and his 44 La bell'Adriana to men- tion but two trifles. And how farmore valuable to us are all his triflesthan are the vast nothings of thosewho must show off at all costs, nomatter even if it be at our expense.A valuable volume is JosephRusso's 44 Lorenzo da Ponte." Pontecannot interest us much, but the bookis welcome because it was wanted and its subject not beyond a pleasant histo- rian's powers.Seemingly derived mostly fromother books on da Ponte and fromhis 44 Memoirs ", it is not a re-hash ofthe books we possess in England. Infact he is more or less new to us.We get glimpses of him in Kelly'sreminiscences (written by Hook, bythe way), and Mrs Janet Ross gaveus in Macmillan's Magazine threepages about him in 1891 ; and inMackinlay's book on 44 Garcia andhis Times" he appears, and articlesand books on Mozart of course mustalways refer to him. But a bookdevoted wholly to him is what wasneeded. Dull though he be, this bookon him was needed.One cannot regret the months, given by Signor Russo in America toDa Ponte: one does very greatlyregret the hours Miss Jourdain lostover that thankless over-done theme 44 The Drama in Europe ". THE ORGANIZED THEATRE by St John Ervine. George Allen &amp; Unwin. London. 7/6. D. N. L. MR St John Ervine in his new bookplumbs all the shallows, andthe depths he gives a very serioustalking-to.There are reasons why no one canaccept any of the numerous challengesof this, talented and charming, ifnaughtily disposed, pupil of G. B. S.'sand this will be properly understoodby anyone who has met Mr Ervine.Ervine writes clearly, says what hemeans, ....and does not mean it at allmischievously. He's an honest Injun.The worst of it is," that he doesn'tstop to think, and so now and againmakes the most preposterous statements.He says, for example, that MrGordon Craig 44 seriously invites us todream of a theatre in which there shallbe neither play nor actor nor scene ".Such a statement, though it beutterly untrue, coming as it does fromMr Ervine cannot be taken seriouslyor Ervine called to task.The good fellow goes on to addthat he had 44 tried on more than oneoccasion, but without success, to getMr Gordon Craig to say what will bethe theatre of the future"; and he seemssurprised that he got no serious replyto that.He says that Mr Craig 44 wouldbe frightened to death if anyone wereto take him at his word and offer hima theatre ".Poor&gt; Ervine, ....he admits so franklythat he has had the kind of answer which don't suit him and his case.Evidently Gordon Craig has at sometime or other given a reply, ....andErvine didn't like it because, havingmade the question, he wanted to makethe reply too.The only reply to be made by aprofessional man to the query of acritic as to 44 what would you do if,../*:is 44 Give me a theatre and I'll showyou—and good morning".It is curious, but Mr Craig hasnever had a theatre. For a brief shmonths he had a demi-semi control ofthe Imperial Theatre rented by MissEllen Terry, ....in 1902 I think.That is not having a Theatre, andthe wily Ervine knows it, and misre- presents the whole thing, implying thatCraig had complete control, and sug- gesting that it was for a length of time.Give Reinhardt or Stanislawskvdemi-semi control of a hired theatre inLondon for six months, and a scratchcompany and limited means, and theywill not create half as much as Craigdid in 44 The Vikings " and in 44 MuchAdo about Nothing " at the ImperialTheatre, before Ervine had his eyesopen.Mr Ervine is not fair to himself.He has caught that nasty village trickof misrepresenting facts. He bewailsthe state of the English Stage, but hefails to stand firm in support of oneof its most valuable assets, ....GordonCraig. Or am I wrong in this ?In his lament he is joined by themuch older Mr Agate, who wails evenlouder, and snarls at Craig like any- thing. Now and again, the pair arejoined by Mr Ivor Brown, and by othersof the trade. It pleases the last rowin the chorus presumably.Ervine is a play-writer whose playsare quite successful, pay well, and areconsidered to be quite good plays.He is in harness and making a goodliving out of the stage. It is thereforeutterly out of order that he shouldat the same time be writing dramaticcriticism for journals, crying down thosemen who, so far as I can discover,have done nothing to interfere withthe financial success of his stage work.I would also suggest that Mr Er- vine should learn to be just a triflemore courteous; for at present, in hi8books, he behaves rather too muchlike a boor. THE TWENTIETH CENTURY THEATRE by Frank, Vernon. Harrap. London. 5/— net. C. AND it has an Introduction by MrJohn Drinkwater who is just thevery man to have chosen. But why did Mr Vernon take thesame title for his book as that used byMr Phelps in 1923? (See "6 TheMask ", Volume ix, p. 38).The book, while interesting, andbrightly written, strikes us as ratherinsincere.-To begin with, it is not about thetwentieth Century Theatre : it is aboutone Theatre in the first quarter of thatcentury. The English Theatre cannever be spoken of as The Theatre ;over and again has "The Mask" drawnattention to this so as to prevent booksfrom appearing with titles which fitthem as uncouthly as Grandfather's coatfits little Willie.44 The Theatre of the World " isthe kind of title given to a book aboutthe Christmas doings of a theatre inPeckham. It won't do.Mr. Vernon says a number ofthings which will appeal to the unknow- ing. He is quite clever at drawingour attention to that which is not worthknowing.He explains with the ease of oneof those guides who take us and ouropen mouths through a picture gallery....44 Here is a Landseer, very inoffensivepainter .... pleases both flappers andtheir fathers. This is a Michael An- gelo, .... very emotional .... lacks goodform. Angelo was a Latin,.... Latinsare stirred by any logical idea: Anglo-Saxons only by moral ideas. Andthere's more money in an inch ofLandseer than in yards of Amgelo.That's the point you have to take homewith you, after I've done speaking toyou. Both pictures reveal what I wantyou to very seriously make a note of,—the sovereignty of paint. Paint is theruler here : it's paint does it. So veryfew realize that ".With Mr. Vernon and his localTheatre words are it. The words arethe great thing in the Theatre. 44 Bookof the words, one penny . ..youremember the old boxoffice cry.44 The Mask " has said (echoingsome hundreds of historians and others)that the words are not it ....in aTheatre.In a book they are all ~ almost all.And so perverse is humanity that whenthe fine master of words as wordscomes along they describe him as having44 a pretty little style ".Walter Pater and Flaubert areadmittedly masters of the use of theword : of words which, if read aloudfrom a stage, might bore us to death.Haubert even wrote a play or two.Mr Vernon should form a FlaubertSociety to produce one, since with himthe great thing to do is to restore to the Theatre, 44 the sovereignty of wordsWhat he writes about this Sove- reignty strikes us as insincere, moreespecially since he has practised theactor's calling.The Actor has, among his manyshifts, done his best to act as interpreterto the playwriter ; but it doesn't followbecause he has done this that he is bynature limited to this.It has been proved that by naturehe is no such thing.He is at best a clown. A seriousor a comic figure. If he interprets abit of nature for us we are enchanted.I defy you to deny this. But he doesnot show the same irresistible powerover us when he is repeating a rolewhich is the invention, the expression,of another.In this he, at his best, resemblesthe great advocates.And Mr Vernon, who belongs toour English Stage, knows this quitewell; yet he asserts that the onlypossible competitor to the Drama is thenovel!!Writers are one of my reverences;but not for any writer can I deny myactors and my own stage.Mine they are, (for I too belongto the old profession, Mr. Vernon),and while I can fight for their freedomI will.They are mine because I am oneof them:—I should have thought thatwriters would by now have had toomuch pride to continue to be hankeringafter the control of a place whichdoesn't belong to them. They alreadyhave their House. Their house isrepresented by Publisher and PrintingPress, and it is not the Theatre.The whole root of the trouble withour Theatrical Art, is, that other menwill hanker after the key of our house,and, (this is worse) a few of our ownmen are willing to hand over the key,I am sorry to see Mr Vernon actingthat role.The playwriter is a lover of colo- nization, and he prefers to subdue asavage country to a civilized one, ... .itbeing possibly easier. He seized onthe stage as nowadays a nice orderlylittle country will seize on some wildstretch of land in the East. He willhear no nonsense about the rights ofthe case, nor will he tolerate thosewho, having lived there, tell him thatit has no need of his activities.He is important, ....who can denyit. A savage uncultivated place andpeople are not of like importance.44 Survival of fittest " is the catch phrase,the fittest being the great big Ego.The Ego of the old Theatre will perhaps be more prominent some day,....and let us hope will wear its Egoismwith a difference. Mr. Vernon willthen have to be content to eat a bitof whatever word-sovereignty is left over. FORMWILLE DER ZEIT by L. W. Rochowanski; with 93 Plates. Burg Verlag. Wien. G. C. A book for the modern artist, andit won't kill the sniffling ones tohave it by them for a while.The longer I look around and notethe terror of people for that which isnew and strange to them, the more Inote their abortive attempts to belittlethese newer things just because theyfear them for being a little 44 newDull folk do it, nice folk do it,intellectual ones too ; I hardly knowanyone who does not jump on and dotheir best to beat down everything thatthe younger men are bringing along,....and beat down the men themselves.As 1 am myself past fifty years ofage, I suppose I ought to know betterthan to advocate the encouragementand development of my juniors.The more I note this, the moredo I rejoice that things strange andnew are coming along. A sufficientreason for rejoicing would be that theintellectual prig and the intellectual snobare cursed nuisances and these thingsanyhow rattle them.And if ninety to ninety eight percent of what is strange and new to uscome to be proved worthless, two toten per cent of it comes to be provedof worth ; sometimes is proved to beof very great worth.For my part I vaguely perceivemore than ten per cent of value inRochowanski's collection. It is pub- lished by the Burg Verlag in Wien,I find very few examples in it preten- tious, and I see little pose. No apingof things not felt, but expression ofwhat has been felt and seen and whichhas convinced.The designs by Herr Reismaver,by Miss Klein and some by HerrTrude delight me as much as those byGeorg Kolb offend me ; and I couldwell do with a carpet by Miss Reinlein,and I like the way she makes awoodcut though I make it quite diffe- rently.To insult these men and womenjust because much of their work isstrange to eyes which may have seenlonger and possibly less, should be leftto those who have insulted you andme for the same petty reason. If Iambehind their times let me either show sympathy by understanding all that ispossible, or let me get away and diein some pretentious corner, my self anyhow intact to the last. MY LIFE IN ART by Constantin Stanislawsky. Little Brown &amp; Co. Boston. 1924. $6. net, STUDIO AND STAGE by Joseph Harker. Nisbet &amp; Co. London. 1924. 12/6 net. TWO books—one of them lovely,the other a mistake.Stanislawsky *s is the story of hisuntiring, gay and noble life given toresearch work. All the time he sear- ches to discover how he can transformthe body and its flesh and blood intopure spirit, the actor into divinity.Dear Stanislawsky, .... you havegone far ; not utterly useless has beenyour quest: for you have proved itimpossible that flesh and blood shallbe a practical spirit,—a working usefuldivinity: proved it over and overagain by refusing to be beaten aftereighty or eight hundred reverses. Youwill search to the end.No one has been more obstinatethan you in a good cause.You are not like the usual run ofactors, ....although on their own groundyou .have beaten them on ninety outof a hundred occasions.Unlike them you know what is ofprime value to all the fine arts : youspeak of Flaubert and of Titian andof Bach. You know it is first in thematerial they work in: you know thatwords to the writer, stone and ivory tothe architect and sculptor, and the scaleand counterpoint to the musician arethe magical things, ...their spiritualinheritance which can never decrease.You know that to this treasure theyhave added laws, the fine laws of theirseveral crafts. And you longed, andstill long in your heart to find in theactor's body and blood and flesh a liketreasure; to find in flesh and bloodand body the material you long to find.And because you have searched sovividly with such powerful sincerity forso many years, you have found what itwas necessary for someone to find, andonly a sincere man could be trusted tomake the quest ; you have found thatthe body with its frailty can neverbecome a material for any art.An instrument it is of self-expression;this at the very]; best and at the most.And now after having found this, noone else can turn back and recommencethe search, ....no sincere man can.It has been proved by you, morethan by anyone else at any time, that the artist may only (can only) work ina material which is 44 dead " material,(I search for a better word in vain) ifhe will create a work of art.The artist uses ivory, gold, silver,lead, silks, paints, bronze, and pencil,paper, words, notes, sound, light, orwood, or ink, or what you will; butnever, never, flesh and blood.Your book must live because ofthe sincerity which breathes out ofevery page of it. You have raised theentire profession of the Theatricalworkers to a position it cannot recedefrom. You have at last made itimpossible to retreat.We salute you with affection andwith reverence. G. C.AS for Mr Harker's book, it reallyis a bit of a farce.He assembles twenty-five Londoncelebrities, gets them to speak in dispa- ragement of the new movement repre- sented by Stanislawsky, Reinhardt,Duncan, Appia and others. He linesup his ragged regiment like a thinFalstaff and gives the pass-word, " Ba- singstoke *\ and Basingstoke it is.Here are the rank and file, (un- fortunately not enough of *em to formtwo deep).Sir J. Forbes Robertson,Sir A. W. PineroSir J. Martin HarveySir David Murray P. R. I.Mr Solomon J. Solomon,Mr Keble HowardMr Yeend KingMr Norman McKinnelMr Frank L. EmanuelMr Arthur BourchierMr William TelbinsMr Louis N. ParkerMr William ArcherMr George GrossmithMr Bernard ShawMr Nigil Playfair.Mr George Arliss,Mr Arnold BennettMr Charles B. CochranMr. C. Wilhelm.Mr Robert CourtneidgeMr. R. C. McCleeryMr Arthur WimperisMr Robert BlatchfordANDMr Fred Terry.Then to this noble company hecries n Charge! n. Some of them re- fuse to charge the same way: theyprowl and they splutter: it is onlydear Harker who really charges.And to think that the most re- spected, most famous and most successful(if most expensive) of London scene- painters should carry on like this. THE BIRTH LIFE AND DEA TH OF SCARAMOUCH By Master Angelo Constantini: Translated from the First Edition published in Paris, 1695, by Cyril IV. Beaumont. Published at the Sign of the Harlequin's Bat, 75 Charing Cross Road, London. £ I. I. O. net C. (I). ALONG title, but not a long momentwhile you read the book, of whichonly 390 copies have been printed.It has always been famous, this4 Life \ because Scaramouch, ie, Ti- berio Fiorilli, was one of the mostfamous actors of the past centuries.He it was, and no other, that was themaster of Moliere.But he was also a sad rogue, andnot until one reads this 4 Life ' doesone quite realize how it was that actorswere listed as 44 rogues and vagabonds."He had a natural sparkle for theft butalso a tendency to act.Must we hang the great actor orpardon the great thief ?That he escaped the galleys andgallows is not a little miraculous.He once robbed the Due deSatrain after a performance in hisPalace, taking two of the silver torchesto light himself home and forgetting toreturn them. Instead of arresting himthe Duke makes him a present of thetorches and is more careful of his silverin future.A very excellent and exact prefacetells us all that is to be known aboutFiorilli and about the author, Constan- tini, another actor who was less fortu- nate than Fiorilli, for he lay twentyyears in a prison in the Castle ofKonigstein.You might take silver candle-sticksin those days from a Duke, but youwere not allowed to fall in love withthe Duchess. Nowadays you may nottake silver candlesticks.I hear that Mr Beaumont is to giveus more such books translated from theFrench. I look forward to each oneof them with eagerness, and am grate- ful to him for this one. (/) This edition, limited to JIO copies(IO ?iot for sale) is on a cream handmadepaper. There is also an edition of Socopies, (5 not for sale) on hand-madeparchment vellum, signed by the transla- tors, at £ 2. 2. o net each. SLAPSTICK AND DVMBELL, hy Hiler Harzherg &amp; Arthur Moss. 1 he Leer am Press ; Paris. C. C. MR MOSS has sent me his book44 Slapstick and Dumbell " andit is most readable, and it s about Clowns and Clowning as opposed toActors and Acting.The two things, clowning andacting, sometimes overlap but they arein reality strictly divided.Clowning never forgets the specta- tor ; acting does.... and probablyshould.The best acting is that of Stani- slawsky's company of Russian perfor- mers ; these seem to be real people, asreal they seem as in a novel; Clownsseem to be unreal—as in a poem.Stanislawsky's real people all at- tempt (with success) to take us in, in imi- tating life. Their art is that of deception.Clowns attempt to do quite anotherthing. They try to be creative.Dressed preposterously, for a hun- dred reasons, one of which is toobliterate in an instant all notionin the spectator's mind that whatthey are about to do is to be takento be an uncouth representation of reallife, they assume all kinds of voices,take up strange attitudes, move in theoddest way, and, as they do all this,so do our senses awaken and becomeaware of power.... power in a magiccircle.Never arousing our sympathy, neverappealing to our tears, our fear, ourindignation, our terror or our reason,they appeal instantaneously (or not atall) to our complete battery of senses,those senses which we appeal to our- selves when anything really importantwith us is on foot.Above all, they never attempt tomake us laugh: rather do they do allthey can to prevent laughter. Forclowning is no laughing matter. Onecan laugh easily at an imitator, onewho mimics any little thing to the life;but to laugh at life itself ....to do that,by St Grimaldi, the laugh has to bedragged from us by superhuman force,Great clowns possess this power.The clown never forgets the spec- tator; his eye, or his shoulder, or theloose sole of his shoe, is on them allthe time. This is why he shapes hisperson at he does; making it at allpoints and from all points of viewstrange and arresting.So powerful he is that we feelthat we should be his only friend :he makes us feel this. There on the stagegoes Miss Prattle the actress, surroundedby all sorts of unfriendly and friendlypersonages in the play; ....all of them. all right, a chatty little gang; in noneed of us; so we just notice them.But Grimaldi or Footit, in the ring, isquite another matter. He is so lonelyand powerful;—we turn immediatelyto him, and we are alone with him. Should another clown appear to Footit,it is only I to torment him, never tosoothe him, never to sink into thecomfortable. The two are never to befound " talking it over. " The clownis his own dramatist: in the Ring aFool is more than a wise Preacher.€| This| book by Moss and Harzburgis one which should be in every theatrelibrary that exists, because it talks ex- ceedingly good sense about what shouldbe done in the circus and what not.It touches often on the management ofthe circus world, and many of its hintsshould be learnt and followed by thethe whole theatre world, in whichworld, I almost believe,' the circus istoday the best and most creative spot.Some drawings by the clown Heuzewho can't draw, and one by Hiler,oblierate utterly two drawings by Pi- casso who can draw, and by Larionow,and make these two appear to beuttering false coin. Yet of course thiscannot be the case: how is it thenthat so many of us feel this on setting eyes on the four drawings ? TWO PLAYS BY ANTON TCHEKHOF AND ONE BY ALFRED DE MUSSET. Translated by George Calderon. Grant Richards. 10/6 net. L. THESE plays, well translated, andwith an Introduction dated 1911,by the late Mr George Calderon, arewelcome in this well-printed volume.The two plays by Tchekhof are" The Seagull" and " The CherryOrchard so ably presented by theMoscow Art Theatre : and readers of" My Life in Art" by ConstantineStanislawsky, will find many sidelightsthrown both uporrthe playwright himself,and upon the method of approachadopted, and the infinite care be- stowed by the company of the Mos- cow Art Theatre upon the productionof his plays.Light from the other side (not theprompt side) is thrown by A. S. Sou- vorin on " The Seagull " in the Sep- tember number of the " Dublin Ma- gazine. "The third play in the volume is DeMusset's " On ne badine pas avec1'Amour ". To those who have notalready enjoyed the piece in French we recommend this translation. THE LIFE OF CESARE BORGIAby Rafael Sabatini. Stanley Paul&amp; Co. 12/6 net. MR Rafael Sabatini, who has givenus various good historical novels, here combines his knowledge of historywith his gift for vigorous and vividnarration, and tells the story of thatremarkable figure of the fifteenth cen- tury, who, both for his own strangepersonality, and for the extraordinaryenvironment in which he lived, andthe georgeous background against whichhe moved, has always, like the othermembers of that portentous Borgia fa- mily, roused the curiosity and retainedthe interest of men.As a mere story of the man, in histriumph and his misfortune, it is exci- ting reading: as a study it helps usto a better realization of a gorgeousand corrupt period, and of the far- reaching influences, the actions andreactions, of that fateful House of theBull whose Head rose to the Papalthrone, and whose sons and daughterplayed so brilliant, if so disastrous, a partupon the stage of the Italy of their day. THE GLAMOUR OF ITALY (Sensations dTtalie) by Paul Bourget: Translated by Lauretta Maitland. Elkin Matthews. 10/6 net. L. MR Elkin Matthews has rendereda service, to those who do notread French with pleasure, in offeringan English translation of these delight- ful pages in which M. Paul Bourget,better known to most of us as nove- list, describes " a long excursion madein the autumn of 1890 through Tus- cany, Umbria, the Marches, the re- gion of Otranto and Calabria by aholiday-making novelist, who has themisfortune to be neither an archeolo- gist, nor an art critic, an economist ora politicianThe words are fromM. Bourget's first page ; and the re- sult of his wanderings is a volume ofwhich R. L. Stevenson wrote : " I havegone crazy over Bourget's Sensationsd'ltalie " ; " ...I am delighted beyondexpression by Bourget's book: he hasphrases which affect me almost likeMontaigne".... this exquisite fellow, allmade of fiddle strings and scent and in- telligence ".M. Bourget is the right kind of tra- veller ; alert, sensitive, responsive to' the spirit of place \ and, withoutbeing the tedious cicerone, possessingthat background of knowledge which,quickened by imagination, dramatizes the places visited. EDITORIAL NOTES. THE OLD VIC PLAYERSAND SHAKESPEARE.MR. R. P. P.'Rowe of Lincoln'sInn and one of the Governorsof the 44 Old Vic " company of players,wrote to the 4' Times" in June, re- gretting the empty houses which thiscompany was playing to in the WestEnd, into which either Mr. Cochranhad lured them or into which they hadlured Mr. Cochran to lead them.Mr. Rowe felt that if things did notimprove, if packed houses in a state ofwild enthusiasm, such as welcomedIrving and Kean and the MeiningenCompany and the Com£die Frangaisein days gone by, did not come alongto save the situation, Shakespearewould once more be obliged to playscapegoat.The Meinengen Company in 44 JuliusCaesar/* played Shakespeare always topacked houses'; the Com£die Frangaisein five or six of masterpiecesturned people away: Irving and Keanawakened all London year after year,and in Shakespeare.Let us stop blaming our greatestdramatist for the shortcomings of ourplayers, producers and theatre directors.To us the Old Vic players seem tobe a group of really trustworthy per- formers, and so long as they stay atthe Old Vic, and remain what theyare, they can but prosper. But to trotthem out, to over-push them, over-praisethem, allow them to get out of place,is the same old serious error of London,...but one which their directors should notcontinue to make any longer.Kept in their place what could pos- sible be better?As we said in our last number, theold values of Shakespeare are not tobe restored until someope is able to realize the immensity of them, and thisthe Old Vic should not be expectedto be capable of doing.The tendency (for an obvious reason)is to bring down the values of Shake- speare, ....underact him, under-stage him,undervalue him and over-agate him. o INCORRECT. oWE regret that, through an oversightin proof-reading, two errors ap- pear in the Note by Mr. GeorgesDevoto on the Teatro Fenice, Venice,on page 182.In the second column the name ofthe brothers Tomaso and Gian. Batt.Meduna is incorrectly printed as Ma- donna.On the same page is an engravingwhich is incorrectly dated as 1884.This should be 1824. TO OUR READERS &amp; CRITICS.WE hope we have done this year'swork to the satisfaction of ourreaders, and that in time ws shall winthe approval of more of our Englishcritics.Some of these we can never hopeto please. They have us on the brainand that's not good. That breedswhat Mr Dukes on page 183 calls44 Pious fury which, if useful to anactbr playing Ireton or Praise GodBarebones, is not exactly part and parcelof a critic's equipment.IT is a great pleasure to us to see anarticle in 44 The Mask" by MrLennox Robinson,What he writes is very sound, andturns the Dramatic page of each Sun- day's 44 Observer " into a pleasant thingto read, whereas it was recently fast be- coming a cantankerous nuisance. Howrefreshing it is to find playwrights likeMr Robinson, Herr Kapek, Mr Mase- field and Mr Monkhouse able to beas pleasant as intelligent when the word44 Producer " is uttered.We have to thank also Mr J. L.Garvin, Editor of 44 The Observerfor his kind permission, which, addedto that of Mr Lennox Robinson, en- nables us to reprint from 44 The Ob- server " of June 8th the article whichappears on page 180 of this number of44 The Mask".We are proud to have enlistedthe *good will and collaboration of se- veral writers new to 44 The Mask",and doubly pleased to note that mostof them are dramatists : ....Allan Monk- house, John Masefield, Lennox Ro- binson, Ashley Dukes: also Signor Na- zalli Rocca, and M. Florian. And ithas been a real delight to have onemore drawing by Mr Max Beerbohm.And we hope that we have not gi- ven you short measure in return foryour support. That our two hundredpages or more have been good weight :that the fifty illustrations, of whichmost are full page plates, and the nu- merous head and tail pieces, have seem- ed to you' sufficient. They are forthe most part from designs which arenever reproduced as a rule, and someare from original documents.We were helped to find two valuableItalian drawings from the Victoria andAlbert Museum, London and the Ar- chivio Storico Curco, Milano, by MrMartin Hardie and Dr Ettore Vergarespectively : Grand Uff. Bemporad hasalso kindly facilitated us in regard toseveral early prints.The 1924 volume is now com- pleted and in your hands. NOW FOR 1925. J. S. On page 141 we have announ- ced 44 A Step in a New Directionand believe that, in reproducing in4 4 The Mask in convenient form, themagnificent old plans of cities whichwe have selected for the purpose, weshall be acting in a way both helpfuland agreable to our readers.It is true that, when thirty full pageplates appear in one number of " TheMask it is not possible to include sogreat a quantity of letter-press as usual.But 44 The Mask " never having be- lieved in 44doing as was done last time'1merely because it was done then, hopesthat its readers will approve this occa- sional interlude, ...and believes that theywill not be disappointed. "Heuzé's autobiography, presented above with his self-portrait, is warmly endorsed by the authors of this "book as a masteipiece of brevity. Consider it in comparison with the long-winded self-histories of ex- "ambassadors corrected at CAM. OK ambassadors and politicians which constitute such a large proportion of America's recent literary output." Extract from "Slapstick and Dumbbell" by Hiler Harzberg and Arthur Moss. Plate 24.