Bruno's Weekly 2 14 April 1st, MCMXVI naaq_1916-04-01_01 Bruno's Weekly Edited by Guido Bruno in his Garret on Washington Square 2 14 Herman Sudermann Illustration 1 La Mer Oscar Wilde cre 3 Concerning the Fashions of Our Girls Guido Bruno cre 3-6 London Letter Edward Storer cre 6-7 Sancta Simplicitas! Tom Sleeper cre 7-8 Verses Stephen Crane cre 9 Truth and Fable After the German of Lichtwer cre 9 The "Drive" after Villa. William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror cre 10 Specimens of a New Dictionary Cat's Paw cre 10 Chinese Letters Alan W. S. Lee (Wuhu, China cre 11-12 Our Mausoleums G. B cre 12 In Our Village Spring and Poets 13-14 Books and Magazines of the Week 15-16 Book-Plate Notes. 16-17 Untitled Image Illustration 16 The Last of the War Correspondents. 17-18 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 19 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 [Advertisement] SponsoredAdvertisement 20 BRUNO'S WEEKLY EDITED BY GUIDO BRUNO IN HIS GARRETON WASHINGTON SQUAREFive Cents April Ist, 1916W. and O. Copyright April lit. 1916. Original matter, including altdrawing*, may not be reproduced without peraiwon of GuidoBruno; but that penniwoa may be aMumed if credit » given to•nther and Bruno'* Weekly. CHARLES EDISON'S LITTLE THIMBLE THEATREAT NO. TEH FIFTH AVENUE, GREENWICH VILLAGE, MY.C,THE STATE FORBIDS!By SADA COWENandTHE STRONGERBy AUGUST STRINDBERGODIDO BRUNO, Mmhik LANGDON QSXET, Direst*EVERY MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,•t a4A P.M. and SATURDAY at » o'olook.ONLY 100 SEATS. AT ONE DOLLAR EACHomcs, to FIFTH AVIUM, Readers of Bruno's Weeklyare asked to becomeSubscribers52 ISSUES FOR TWO DOLLARS BRUNO'S WEEKLYEdited by Guido Bruno in His Garret on Washington Square No. 14. APRIL 1st, MCMXVI. Vol. II. Copyright 1916 by Guido Bruno BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY A HINT FOR THE NATIONAL ACADEMY OF DE- SIGN—A singular custom prevailed in the city of ancientThebes, which was, that the painter who exhibited the worstpicture was subjected to a fine. BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY BRUNO'S WEEKLY (Continued from last iveek) BRUNO'S WEEKLY (To be continued) Bruno's Weekly, published weekly by Charles Edison, andedited and written by Guido Bruno, both at 58 \Vashingto&lt;innare New York City. Subscription $2 a year.Entered second clSss matter at the Post Office of NewYork, N. Y., October 14th, 1915, under the Act of March3d, 1879. Herman Sudermann La Mer Oscar Wilde A white mist drifts across the shrouds,A wild moon in this wintry skyGleams like an angry lion's eyeOut of a mane of tawny clouds.The muffled steersman at the wheelIs but a shadow in the gloom;—And in the throbbing engine roomLeaf the long rods of polished steel.The shattered storm has left its traceUpon this huge and heaving dome,For the thin threads of yellow foamFloat on the waves like ravelled lace. Concerning the Fashions of Our Girls Guido Bruno npHE best of it is there are none whatever. And becauseour days represent the student days for female attires onthe street and in the drawing-room, and because of the manygood features they have in followship, we most heartily wel- come the eccentricities of cut and of color.What were the women of fifty years ago, of twenty-fiveyears ago? Replicas of mode journals, strict followers of therules and regulations set down by importers of fashions,designers of fashion plates, publishers of fashion periodicalsand the latter ones mostly and greatly influenced by shopowners and tailoring establishments.Of course, the two fashion journals of yore, which not onlyimported their drawings, but even the very plates from whichtheir illustrations were struck off, are supplanted by scoresof mode journals. But how differnt is the spirit of thefashion journal of today!Originality and individuality are strongly encouraged.There are always people extant who have no what- ever, who wouldn't know what to do with their lives if theycouldn't pattern themselves after the lives of others. They,too, must be taken care of. Hence, the pages of minutiousdescription of this or that gown for such and such occasion.But the dominating spirit is that of freedom. Here is whatsuch a woman did and here you can see how it Nowyou know yourself, you know the color of your hair, youknow what colors are most becoming to your complexion—go and do likewise! The abandonment of rigid, tight-fitting shapes made home manufacture of clothes much easier. Todrape the human figure, rather than to force it into a shapewas a great step forward on the road to complete liberationfrom set traditions and as law-accepted conventions.Never in the history of fashions could one see so manyfundamentally differently clad women on the same street, atthe same time. Just take a walk on Fifth Avenue in the noonhour. Saleswomen, shop-girls and office employees, minglewith shoppers and with idlers out to take a stroll.v A kaleid- oscope of twentieth-centurised fashions of five past centuries.A lady with a long frock and a short jacket—hardly reachingher waistline. The jacket velvet, the hem of the frock vel- vet; it reminds one of the picturesque attire of the Germanburgfrau of the sixteenth century. Early empire, late empireand individual mixtures of both. The severe and dignifiedEnglish tailor-made and the flippant mockish two-piece com- bination that flutters loosely and softly around shoulders andlimbs and doesn't impress us at all as sewed, bur just pinnedtogether, and half of the pins fallen out. Even the depart- ment store patterns have a charm of colors which makes usforget the similarity of the many hundreds set loose on ourstreets.And every once in a while we see a striking creature in astyle of her own—striking in the real sense of the word; oureyes. We are not flirts but we cannot help to turn aroundand to look. Brilliant vivid colors are always striking. Andour girls here in New York seem to have waited for this wordof liberation that permits them to follow their own tastesand to wear whatever make sthem attractive; makes them theactor using the entire world as a background.Of course, the Parisian is chic, she must be—she is soproverbially for the last four hundred years. The Viennesegirl is "ein liebes Maedl," a dear. She has dimples in hercheeks, knows how to waltz and how to wear a permanentsmile. And of course, all the other girls of all other nationshave their own peculiar charms for which they are world- famous. And then there is our own Western girl with herpronounced inclination to be athletic and to carry herself inmanners and costume accordingly. And there is the piquantChicagoan.But you just give me the New York girl! Bred and raisedsomewhere in the zig-zag of avenues and streets surround- ing the Avenue, with her quick understanding of everythingthat is becoming to her, with her ability to acclimatize herselfto all stations and conditions of life ,with her kindliness'towards everyone with whom she is brought in contact ineveryday life, with her unsilencable wit, and with her lovefor rhythm and for color. She surely is the queen of all.If she has money, she knows well how to shop on Fifthavenue - And if she hasn't got it—and that's the great pointin the life of everybody—she knows how to put herself to- gether so that she herself has a pleasure in her existence andaffords us a pleasure while we look at her.and rats and false hair are surely a thing of the past,lhe hair is tied modestly in a sober knot and then it remon- strating curls insist on being forelocks—of course, that is an entirely different thing. Walk through a department store,look at the cash girls and the sales girls! Uniformity, yousay, imposed upon them by store regulations. All right.Come out in one of our parks on a Sunday afternoon, or walkto popular picnic grounds! There they are, real New Yorkgirls. •'To look at these dresses and gowns and suits makes onethink of old savage times. Everything seems to be handyas ornament or material as long as it has a feature thatpleases its owner and suits her individually. Just like ouruncivilized forefathers! They liked a tiger skin, and hung itaround their shotllders, they shot a strange bird with a gor- geous plumage and they stuck it in their hair, they caughttogether with their fish, some grotesque-looking inhabitantsof the sea. They strung them on a rope and hung it aroundtheir neck. They found a mineral which could be used as abrilliant dyeing medium. Quickly they brought it into theweaving-room and smeared it on /the materials they weregoing to use for clothing.Look around, if you walk on our streets. Don't our NewYork girls do the same? What would this dreary life, withits daily heart-set routine be if there were not glaring redbeads on a pale neck, hanging down over a yellow silk waist?It is the lack of color and of movement that made our fore- fathers puritan and hypocritic. If petticoats hidden by askirt can be of glaring color, why not the skirt itself? Iflove of life and the oscillation of its mirth and its merrimentcan be felt and voiced on the street, the hiding cloak ofseverity and triste sobriety is unnecessary.Money, station in* life, an income has nothing whatever todo with the exalted feeling of happiness and of joy that wecould not suppress even if we wanted to. The vivid colorsand the shining flirt of decorations our girls are using is anexpression of their attitude towards life. To suppress itwould be unnatural. It would make them hypocrites, slavesof social regulations. Slaves, as that good old women inSalem, Mass., arrested in the year of our Lord, 1675, on themain street of her town because she wore in daylight, ,a glar- ing red dress and pink beads around her neck. And onlyafter she had proved that her husband had an income of fivehundred pounds a year, and therefore that she had a right tobe happy and take the joyous attitude towards life, was shewreleased and permitted to wear her garb in the future—pro- vided her husband's income should not decrease. The cru- cial question in this court proceedings was not—as one wouldexpect, as to whether she had honestly procured the neces- sary means to purchase her attire but as to whether she hada right to express her joy of life outwardly througn the un- usual colors of her costume. - Because her husband, had anincome, she was officially granted the right to be happy andto manifest her happiness in colors, on the street, in daylight.A piece of drapery, old tapestry, all kinds of things madefor different uses picked up incidentally are used by ourgirls. Look at their heads, covered with the cretonne thatwas meant for the wall of the dining-room. Heaven knows where they pick up the strangely-colored material for theirwaists and evening wraps. The lining of their jackets is aspicturesque as the head gear of cossack-women visiting theannual church feast of their nearest market-place. If theyhave not enough material for a skirt, they put three or fourdifferent kinds in one garment, and the screaming contrastof colors is even harmonious if you like her well enoughand your eyes are gradually being readjusted to the colorschemes of our times. Small and dandy shoes are no more the password of thegirl who is looking for footgear. They must be comfortablein the first place. If you sit in the subway, let your eyespass in review along the rows of feet. How full of characterand individualism are they, since they are permitted to bea part of their owner's individuality!This new way of dressing makes creators out of women.Since they realize that nothing else matters but to appearattractively and to feel comfortably, they have become in- ventors and explorers.And so there has come a new meaning to the dresses ofour women. Not only to cover their bodies and protectthem aginst rain and shine do they wear their clothes; butas a real own, unprejudiced manifestation of their attitudetowards life. London Letter Edward Storer. London Office of BRUNO'S WEEKLY,18 St. Charles Square, New Kensington.March 14th, 1916.HTHE war draws off more and more young men. It hasmade savage inroads on our artistic talent, and among]the latest recruits are Messrs. David Bomberg, whose broth- er has already been killed in France, and Wyndham Lewis.Lewis is really one of our most promising men, an artist ofcourage and intelligence—rare and holy combination. Lewisis almost our only painter with ideas. A Slade school stu- dent, he painted first in the manner of Augustus John. Thenthe Futurists and Cubists arrested his imagination, and fora while he became a disciple of Picasso and Picabia. Butnearly always he has remained critical and conscious, and inhis recent work he has evolved to a style of his own. I men- tion him because he has just decorated a salon at the TourEiffel restaurant in Charlotte street, which is perhaps themost characteristic Bohemian restaurant in London. "It isto be his last work before enlisting," said Stulik the proprie- tor to me. The Tour Eiffel is a famous place not yet discover- ed by Suburbia and the hungry middle class. Only foreignersand artists and silent connoisseurs resort to it. I should never dream of referring to it in an English journal. It hasremained with all the charm of its naive cuisine, its quiet andits Continental atmosphere for several years. May it survivethe war. Stulik shares with many artists memories of stu- dents' frolics at his house—Baby parties, annual dinners, etc.—but I am not writing my reminiscences.Speaking of the painters, I should think the new militarylaw will break up the London group and the new realists ofCumberland Market.An exhibition of paintings and sculpture at the GrosvenorGallery in Bond street is interesting for two busts of twovery interesting women—Miss Iris Tree and Miss LillianShelley (Mrs. John P. Flanagan). Both of these women arewell known figures in the world of London's artistic and lit- erary Bohemia, and a crowd of friends and interested peoplehave been to see their "heads modelled by Mr. Jacob Ep- stein." This sculptor has a keen sense of rather brutal senseof character. It is with him rather as if he delighted to"knock out" his sitters with the vigour of his psychologicalpenetration. He is a realist, almost to the point of mysti- cism one might say. It is a case with this artist of the ideal- ism of the Jew working in the atmosphere of English prac- ticalness or sense of business. As a result, it produces apractical effect, a "business" result which is startling and atthe same time not quite English. This is nearly always thecase with the Jews. I do not say it in any depreciation ofthem. Without them where would modern art be? But itis an observable fact. Thus in antiquity Hellenic, the Hel- lenic Jew of Gadara, is more Hellenic than any Greek poet;Heine more sentimentally German; Catulle Mendes or Bern- stein, more obviously Parisian.At the Alpine Club Gallery there is a mingled gatheringof Cubists, Post-Impressionists and what-nots, a weak littleshow, rather suggestive of falling leaves or art's last roses.Mr. Nevinson introduces a note of reality. Sancta Simplicitas! by Tom Sleeper J-JE was a poor man with no family and only an undevel- oped inclination to live. Accordingly ,he rambledaround town until run over by an omnibus. During thecritical period immediately following in which he hoveredbetween life and death at the hospital under the personalsupervision of a gifted surgeon he suddenly saw a great lightand in an inspired moment dedicated his hitherto fruitlesssoul and body to the advancement of surgical knowledge.The surgeon quick to grasp the possibilities of the idea re- constructed him in a highly creditable manner so that hesoon found himself well and strong.Experiments in grafting happened at this time to havecaught the fancy of the surgical profession and forthwith commenced a., series of amputations and replacements on thewilling Jones with signal success until he walked on unre- lated legs, wrote with the arm of an unfortunate machinist,saw with the eyes of a still more unfortunate letter carrier,ate with the jaw of a deceased millionaire, digested his foodwith the transferred stomach of a longshoreman, breathedwith fragments of several alien lungs, blushed with the resultof various transfusions and was liberally overhauled in otherdirections.Fired by the success of his operations and the submissive- ness of his subject the surgeon pressed on to more delicateexperiments involving the brain. Jones found himself onemorning in definite possession of a knowledge of French.He remembered also, many experiences he had had in Paris,a city to which he had formerly believed himself a stranger.In a like manner he obtained a profound knowledge ofastronomy and a smattering of related sciences. Once onrecovering from the anaesthetic he found that he could recallsnatches of speeches he had made while stumping the Statefor the governorship of Ohio. Later Greek and archeologi- cal information came to him unsolicited and many other dis- associated recollections.The surgeon rubbed his hands in satisfaction and madefurther substitutions. Into the fold of Brocca of the uncom- plaining Jones was grafted odd bits of the folds of an assort- ed population. And Jones waxed exceeding well informed.As time went on Jones puzzled over his past. How couldhe have been , with a party of astronomers in Chili when hedistinctly remembered that it was at this time he had beenrun over by an omnibus in New York. What explanationwas there for the fact that on the day he had been presentedthe medal of the Legion of Honor by the President of Francefor researches in Cypress he had also been burned by a gasstove in a Chicago tenement. Then, too, he had distinctrecollection of having died in a cafe in Scranton, Pa., whilehis common sense seemed to indicate that this was improb- able.And so it came to pass that one October afternoon a splen- did specimen of physical manhood knocked at the door ofmy mountain hermitage. He spoke, saying:''I am told that no part of myself is myself. Thab mygreat knowledge is not my own. ' But I have never ceasedto live and function as myself. Now in the name of Allahwho I ask you am I?Giver of light give me knowledge wherewith to answer thisman. r'' i; ' ' ■ ■ . Verses By Stephen Crane In the Night Grey, heavy clouds muffled the valleys,And the peaks looked toward God, alone.liO Master, that movest the wind with a finger,"Humble, idle, futile peaks are we."Grant that we may run swiftly across the world,iXTo huddle in worship at Thy feet." In the Morning A noise of men at work came the clear blue miles,And the little black cities were apparent."O Master, that knowest the wherefore of rain-drops,"Humble, idle, futile peaks are we."Give voice to us, we pray, O Lord,"That we may chant Thy goodness to the sun " In the Evening The far valleys were sprinkled with tiny lights."O Master, '"Thon who knowest the value of kings and swallows,Thou hast made us humble, idle, futile peaks."Thou only needest eternal patience;"IVe how to Thy wisdom, O Lord—"Humble, idle, futile peaks." In the Night Grey, heavy clouds muffled the valleys,And the peaks looked toward God, alone. Truth and Fable After the German of Lichtwer THE poets' goddess Fable, wandered once into a barbarouscountry, where she was assailed by a band of robbers.They found her purse empty, to make up for which theystripped her of her clothing. And lo! when the veil whichcovered her was removed, Truth stood before them.The robbers were confounded, and humbly besought her toresume her garb; "for who," said they, "can bear to see Truthnaked?" The "Drive" after Villa. William Marion Reedy in his St. Louis Mirror. OUR " drive" into Mexico after Villa may be a more seriousmatter than many suppose. A guerrila on his own ter- rain is hard to catch. The people are with him against hispursuers. ' So the pursuit of Pancho may be a stern chase.Moreover, there is the possibility of Villa's being made intoa hero pressed by the hated gringoes. This might bringhim strong support from the forces, none too cohesive atbest, of the Constitutionalist First Chief. There is dangerin Senor Carranza's meticulous punctilio on the poirit of ourtroops occupying towns as bases or using the Mexican rail- roads. He insists upon extreme deference from the powerthat has given his position whatever of stability is possesses.His negotiosity" may very well be an aid to Villa's escapefrom our punitive expedition and at any time the amourpropre of his party may be offended to the point of makingcommon cause with Villa against the foreign invaders. Suchco-operation as the Constitutionalist government renders usat this juncture is perfunctory, dilatory and grudging. Insuch a situation it is only ordinary precaution on our partto increase our forces in pursuit of the man who invadedthis country and slaughtered a number of Americans. It isckllSrh business we are engaged in and there are partlyhidden factors—possibly of European intrigue—therein thatmay turn our trailing of Villa into another war with Mexico.We cannot turn back. Therefore we must be prepared forwhatever may happen in the course of our going ahead. Specimens of a New Dictionary Cat's Paw. Servants—People who are fed and paid for making otherpeople uncomfortable.Argument—A series of positive assertions and denials, end- ing in a quarrel.Public spirit—Readiness to do anything which is likely toprove lucrative.Automobile A machine designed to make jobs for the sur- geons and coroner.&gt;J°Ln^nen*: man Anybody who will' allow his name to beused by a quack of any kind—from a dentist to a dancingmaster. &amp;Public Opinion—Whatever is advanced by three newspa- pers.Popularity—'The privilege of being abused and slandered.Wit A talent for uttering old jokes with a grave face.Morality -Sinning with prudence and secrecy.Respectability—Five thousand dollars a year,alent Friendly relations with editors and producers. Chinese Letters by Alan W. S. Lee (Wuhu, China) {Mrs. Elizabeth H. Russell, sent us a cheery letter from Old Sud- bury Road, IVay I and, Mass., where she is writing in the seclusionof this sleepy New England town."I wish I could send you the big loaf of sponge cake I havejust made but I fear it would crumble on the route. I will no\forget about the apple pie. But I do send with this some extractsfrom my young friends' letters from China. I have bushels more,and the one that I think loveliest of all I cannot put hands on at thismoment. The writer is an English boy of whom lam very fond.He teaches French and German in a boys' school in tVuhu.") Tsing Ming Dzieh in the long grass on the slope of my garden is anancient coffin. It is old and weatherbeaten and theplanks of it are so warped and twisted that when I pass byI can look through the large cracks to the inner blacknessand see the poor, dead bones, white and still. It lies at thefoot of a willow tree, and in summer it is covered with themass of trailing green branches which hang over it like apall. My friends do not like graves in their gardens, andthink I should have the old coffin taken away.But why should I disturb the dead? There is so much roomfor us both, and I think the Willow Tree would die, for Iknow she loves the soul of him whose bones lie in the oldcoffin—she bends over so tenderly, and lets fall all of herlovely hair to protect his narrow, ruined house from the sunand rain.On certain days a very old man used to come and burnincense by this grave, and sitting in the long grass beneaththe tree he would chant Buddist rites, but he was so old, andhis voice was so cracked, it was but a piteous croaking. Hehas not been for many weeks now, and the soul of the deadis grieved. Often at night I hear it crying softly to itself,and the wind sighs in the Willow Tree. But the Tsing MingDzieh (Day to Honor the Dead) will soon be here, and theold man will surely come then to chant his little songs tothe old coffin.Today is the Tsing Ming Dzieh. Since dawn the peoplehave passed between the rice fields and over the countryroads. In their arms they bear gay bunches of flowers, andbaskets of incense. They are going to decorate the gravesof their ancestors. This is the day when the Living bowdown and worship, and pay tribute to the Dead.But no one has come this year to the grave on my gardenslope. I hear the little old man died of the summer's heat,and now there is no one to reverence him who lies buriedbeneath my Willow Tree.The Moon is coming up behind the Pagoda on the hill.Many stars twinkle in the stagnant pond by the roadside.Fireflies swing their little green lamps among the deep shad- ows of the cedars, and crickets chirp in the long grass. Trail- ing along the jeweled sky the Milky Way floats like a filmyveil half hiding the eyes of night. The deep boom of templegongs has ceased. The moon has reached her zenith. Littlebats flit with muffled wings above the stars in the pond. TheTsing Ming Dzieh has passed, and no one came to offerprayers and sacrifice by the grave on my garden slope. Frombeneath the Wallow 1 ree comes a sound like the sobbing ofa little child. Ah, poor soul, is it then so terrible to die andbe forgotten?When I awoke the £ast was flushed with the coming Dawn.Thin strands of mist hung about the cedars and floated abovethe turquoise waters of the river. The startlings twitteredin the rain gutters of the roof, and from the half-submergedfields came the familiar little songs of the rice-planters.The Tsing Ming Dzieh is past, and no one came to worshipby the ancient grave on my garden slope.I know the soul has gone now forever, for my Willow Treeis dying. The birds sing in its branches, the violets bloomat foot, and all about is the full, throbbing joy of Spring*,but its leaves are pale, and yellow, as though Autumn hadpassed in the night. Where are they gone—those two wholoved on my garden slope? I do not know, but I grieve be- cause my Willow is dying." Our Mausoleums G. B. museums are mausoleums. Scientific explanation ofart seems their main object. Whoever has time and thedesire to search and to explore the spacious halls filled withjunk and curiosities might detect a real work of art. But wholikes to swallow dust even if it is historic and scientific dust?Our museums are not the home of the eternal. There is notthat spirit that makes us forget centuries and thousands ofyears, years whose art is still living and embracing over thespan of time and space.The fact stares us mercilessly in the face that one artist issustaining hundreds of so-called artists. It is true that lifeC°Tx^if*S piece work but there is no necessity to vivisect art.Whatver cannot live must die. And if it is hung up foreternity, even eternity will not call it to life.The American museum is an antique shop. Antique shopsdo not open their doors to the masses of the population. Arthistory and art research work have nothing whatever to dowith art itself. A man who paints uses as his medium thecanvas and his paints. He appeals to the eye. A painting issomething to look at. Explanation is unnecessaryi he works of Tolstoi or of Hauptmann must be translatedinto English because most of the English readers are ignor- ant of Russian and of German. To translate painting intolanguage is necessary only for those who cannot use theireyes. NThe explanation of our paintings, the commentary to ourworks of art is only for the blind. ' In Our Village Spring and Poets QJPRING has arrived. She had an ultimate gigantic strug- gle on her scheduled day of advent, on the 21st. Hur- ricanes of snow, bitterly cold, the sidewalks dangerouslyfrozen, janitors and snow shovellers busy at their unexpectedwork—and then the sudden change. Sun and warmth andvictory.The sparrows dared to come out from under their shelter- giving eaves and happily they hopped from branch to branchof the old—soon to be their summer residence—trees onWashington Square. Their chirping mingled harmoniouslywith the screams and shouts of the children who, for the firsttime after months of being shut in, had come to their play- grounds.The windows of houses, mansions and shacks, whichpeacefully stand in a row on the South Side fulfilling theirmission unbothered by the exciting events that mark theearthly life of their occupants, stood wide open, and theold lady, who is known for her love of flowers and plants,put a few of her children on the window sills in the warm,mid-day sun.And together with sun and birds and merry children hadcome the poets. To the rooms of the Washington SquareGallery, to the Art sanctum of Mr. Coady, they had followedthe Call of Others, those strange birds whom AlfredKreymborg has taken under his wings and mothered andfostered, and given a warm coop in his "magazine of thenew verse."They had come to kowtow before the big editress of theWest, before Harriet Mouroe, before her who has madepoets who otherwise would never have been heard of, whobrought to the shores of America the first of the rays ofthat Imagism and Ezra Poundism which has developed intoour own "free verse," into "vers libre," that step-child amongpoets, that illegitimate offspring struggling for recognition.The friendly winds of Spring had blown her east from herChicago seclusion.She is a nice kind lady. She shook hands with about ahundred people who express themselves through poetry freeand otherwise. She had profound apologies to offer to every- one she met about that manuscript that just had to be sentback. She chatted with everybody, and I do believe thatshe was not displeased with the color scheme of the sixtyodd hats of the poetesses, blonde, brunette and gray-hairedwhich constantly formed a dense circle around her. ClementWood was there and showed to his young wife his brotherpoets; and Blanche Shoemaker Wagstaff looked well undera portrait which might as well have been of Oscar Wildeas the somebody else that it was. But the bow of his necktiereminded me very much of the peculiar way in which Wildeused to tie his. And of course Kreymborg was sliding aboutto give a finishing touch to this group or that group while he smoked his cigar. It behooves one to smoke a cigar,be he host to the Supreme Court of American poetry andhimself a member of the Bench.Djuna Barnes was there too. She wore a long black veiland a flaming red rose. She looked very Spanish.And then there were Kreymborg's satellites that are justmarching in the procession with an occasional ambition andsecret wish once to lead a procession of their own.I left. Three stars were shining on the dark blue firma- ment high above the electricity glaring cross on WashingtonSquare. A few couples of Italian lovers had come out from"Little Italy" around the corner promenading aroundthe Square. The benches were filled with loungers anddreamers for the first time after the cold winter days. Wideopen stood the doors of Rossi's ice-cream establishment andso I strolled in and drank a slow sweetly sour lemonade,meditating deeply upon the mild winds of Spring, upon thegreat poetess from Chicago, and upon men and women whowant to be poets.Strange things are happening in the Village. Not onlypoets convene here but all the peculiar characters one hasthe good luck of meeting in life every once in awhile seemto have a rendezvous on the Square. There is, for instance,that beautiful woman who takes her noon-day walk aroundthe Square. We noticed her to-day for the third time fromour Garret window. Monday she wore a striking blackgown, a black hat, black gloves, black handbag, and on ablack leash—trotting very snobbishly—a black poodle. Tues- day at the same hour, the same lady in a magnificent whitegown, with white fox furs, a white fox hat, white gloves,white shoes . . . and on a white leash, very grave and veryproud a white poodle.And to-day, just as I am writing these lines, she passesmy window again. She is dressed in a brown riding habit,tight-fitting very exclusive-looking, brown boots, browngloves, a brown soft felt hat, and on a brown leash a brown,long-haired Pomeranian whose ears almost sweep the groundas he waddles close to the skirt of his mistress.What will to-morrow bring, and what the day after to- morrow? Does she ever wear pink or green, or pale blue?Does she match her gowns with her dogs or her dogs withher gowns, I wonder? I wonder?Friday afternoon the 7th of April at three o'clock D.Molby, known to the readers of this magazine from his"Musings" will give an informal reading from his "Hippo- potamus Tails," "Rats' Ears and Cats' Eyes" and such musingsas remain yet unpublished. You are invited to attend thisreading, admission free of charge, at Bruno's Garret, 58Washington Square.The cartoons of Steinlen chronologically arranged as theyappeared in "Gil Bias" sixty-eight of the best he ever did,will remain on the walls of the Garret until April the tenth.Saturday afternoon and Monday evening are reserved, asbefore, the fire, for the purpose of keeping "open house." Books and Magazines of the Week [N an old volume of poetry by Dr. W. Dodd, written inprison, shortly before his death, 1777, is an interestingparagraph, which throws a curious sidelight upon the posi- tion of newspaper-editors and newspaper men at large. Doddwas Chaplain to King George 111 of England, but in a fatalmoment committed the crime of forgery, for which he wastried, convicted and hung, in June 1777. Poems he wroteduring his imprisonment together with the brief of theprosecuting Crown attorney fell recently into my hands, witha lot of religious publications. Here is the condemning ar- gument of the prosecuting Crown attorney."Though encumbered with debts, he might still have re- trieved his circumstances if not his character, had he attendedto the lessons of prudence but his extravagance continuedundiminished, and drove him to schemes which overwhelmedhim with additional infamy. HE DESCENDED SO LOWAS TO BECOME THE EDITOR OF A NEWSPAPER,and is said to have attempted to disengage himself from hisdebts by a commission of bankruptcy, in which he failed.From this period every step led to complete his ruin. Inthe summer of 1776 he went to Paris, and, with little regardto decency, paraded in a phantom at the races on the plainsof Sablons, dressed in all the froppery of the kingdom inwhich he then resided. He returned to England about thebeginning of the Winter, and continued to exercise the dutiesof his function, particularly at the Magdalen chapel, wherehe still was heard with approbation, and where his last sermonwas preached, February 2, 1777, two days only before hesigned «the fatal instrument which brought him to an ignom- inous end." Violet Leigh, of Eau Claire She surely must be a poetess, and even if you should dis- agree as to giving her this title after reading her "LittleBook of Verses," published by the Fremad Publishing Com- pany of Eau Claire, \Visconsin, you would have to recognizein her the poetical spirit which prompted the pale blue satincover of her book, tied with a darling bow of pink. VioletClara Tice and she wrote a nice poem to Clara whichwill appear in the near future on these pages. Bull Vol. 1, No. 1 of this monthly, is about the first satiricalpaper published during the last twenty-five years in theUnited States that really contains satire in words and pic- tuxes. The title-page alone is worth its purchasing* priceThere is a spirit of truthful daring through its pages Itscartoons mean something, and its jokes are bitter jokeswhich you also could call the real life confronting us step bystep every day. The name of its editor is not stated but itis worth one s while to look at it. Get it on the newstands. The Hesperian The current issue of this interesting quarterly magazine,contains a very good portrait of Charlotte Bronte accom- panied by an article which is worth while reading. It isgood miscellany that Alexander N. De Menil, editor andpublisher, brings on its pages. The Miscellany W. G. Blaikie-Murdoch, the art historian, who came to theshores of America a few months ago in a rather spectacularway, being one of the passengers of a torpedoed steamer,is represented in this quarterly magazine by an excellent ac- count of the relationship of Litography and Whistler. Itis very deplorable that the magazine who publishes an articlesuch as this and which is supposed to be devoted to thebook beautiful and book plates, should also devote its pagesto articles on military duty and unpreparedness as it doesin the March issue. Those things are vital enough for news- papers and the average run of periodicals but surely havenothing to do with beautifully bound books, with book platesand with autographs. Book-Plate Notes. Miss Flora King, of Mt. Vernon, Ind., is undoubtedly theproprietress of one of the very remarkable book-plates inAmerica. Master Timothy Cole, America's wood-engraver,is designing a book-plate for Miss King. There are onlyvery few book-plates designed by Mr. Cole extant, all ownedby very distinguished personages. The California Book-plate Society has announced a com- petition, open to art students in California, for a book-platedesign suitable for use in the Society's library. Two prizesof $10.00 and $5.00 are offered. Designs are to be exhibitedat the May meeting of the Society, and a committee of ar- tists will then award the prizes. While the competition wasundertaken primarily to increase interest in the book-plateproblems among the art students of the State, it is hopedthat some of the designs submitted will be worthy of repro- duction and continued use. The Last of the War Correspondents. "Ach! Never this upstart general will tell me numbers ofmen while I have eyesight. No matter how many times theyare marched through the city, it does not increase the num- ber. Let us go up on La Cilia and look down on the armyof the northeast.We ride up. Von Kriegelstein points to the dust cloudsdown on the roads. "Now I will show you something. Thehigh br6ken clouds are artillery. There are eighteen guns.You cannot see them but the dust does not lie'. There areeleven thousand men—maybe a few hundred more—andabout two thousand are mounted. The thin, even dust risinghigh is cavalry, the low thick dust is infantry. It is a goodarmy, but not what General Gonzales said to us. You willlook along this paper here where I have drawn the line inangles. The distance is about five thousand meters. Therest is mathematics. After some years you will be able totell to perhaps fifty men how many are on a road."It is Saltillo a few days later. The warrant for our arrestis out and we are to die as spies. Beinhacker has not suc- cumed to the registry of character. Beinhacker has livedtwo years on the East Side of New York where charcter isoften registered. From the cuartel we have escaped to theEnglish consulate. John R. Silliman, the agent of our sterngovernment, is there, too. There is a large lump of-dynamiteunder Silliman's house. Not even grape juice will remove it.I appeal to Silliman for protection and probably from excite- see anything comical in it. I said Silliman wasliving at the British consulate, because . The door isbarred and McMillian, the British consul—Kingdom of GreatBritain and Ireland—will do the best he can.A few minutes later in response to inquiries after ourhealth: "Tell Major Elizondo to make a good job of it. Youcan't rush it from the street. Tell him to go up on the moun- tain and shell the consulate." It is the baron who speaks.Night goes on and we are up. The baron is jocular. "I tellyou Logue, this is great. You will be famous. I shall takeyour picture if they shoot you first. You must grant me thatrequest."Tragedy is funny. No one clutches the brow and says "Me- o-udd'" We shake hands at once, firmly beliveing there isInly the morning for the shelling. Nobody says 'Good byeold pal, and if we meet again in a better world-—. VonKriegelstein is a Catholic and so am I. He is not beyond ad- mitting it for fear it may not be smart. So we say a 112prayers and make an act of contrition. I don t beneeded it half as much as I. His life was clean, good whereit could be otherwise with nobody to tell. Perhaps a test gtoComes morning. I call General Gonzales on the phoneHe cannot reply to me in English. I must use lame Sp;amsh.He will investigate, but he does not understand English. Hehas been a traveling salesman in the United States for fouryears and he knows I know it. Very unfavorable outlook.Silliman pleads for us. Across the street is a graduate ban- dit, General Francisco Coss. He has a mansion now. Hetook it one day in one minute. The baron has a little insidetrack. Coss dislikes Gonzolas. Coss has five thousand menin Saltillo. "We can put up a better fight with Cosses menthan alone," suggests von Kriegelstein. We chance to call onCoss. There is a cow carcass on the mansion entrance.People must eat. None of the carcass is in the receptionroom where Coss greets us. The liberator will fir+st.Posea picture seeing the baron's camera He poses thirty min- utes with a shrapnel shell under each arm. Thank theseors very much for putting his pictures in all papers in theUnited States and Europe and Asia. Touching matterof General Gonzales he does not like to see Gonzales troopson the street near his quarters anyway. Yes, he will bear usin mind and we will surely go with him when he starts downto free the people. .Gonzales leaves and so dowwine—in another direction, on amail car that is going over to Villa Carranza does not knowif neither does Gonnzales. Only the engineers and the Villaagents who uncouple several rear cars containing troops""We enter the desert on our way to Torreon. He tests hismoustache. . „ r .. „"How dry the hair gets, is all von Kriegelstein says, tor atime after we are well under way. "It is so it gets brittle, asone's hair in the desert of Gobi, which is you know, just be- fore Manchuria." He talks and most books become nonsensein comparison. He has in his baggage two volumes of Kip- ling and one of O. Henry. He likes them both This is fairpraise, because he has written twelve novels himself whichhave the largest circulation in Austria. RARE BOOKS FIRST EDITIONSKxtm Oluitntoi Books. Iwrtjr Prtattd Book*. ImihitliiBooks for OhrtatBM Olfto'Purchased ilntl/ or la sets for people who have neither time Mr appov*(unity to select tar themaelves, or for those who hare sot socess to theSeat book marts. Why not begin collecting aowTAddress, £. V.v Boston Transcript, Boston, Mass.The Candlestick Tea RoomTHE CANDLESTICK TEA ROOM has arranged space farDancing every Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday night fromeight to slsven. Good Music and Fins Floor. Patrons af theTea Room welcome.17 WEST STH STREET TEL. STU YVES ANTFor Houses, Apartments or Rooms, SeePEPE &amp; BRO.REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE40 So. Washington SquareTalaphona 4119 Spring Cor. of MacDoufal Streetf Being a bookI N W H I C H%ut say just what we think. Published every month bf Norman-BelCeddes at 756 Second Avenue in Detroit, Michigan. It is m littlebook uniquely illustrated, ff rite for sample copy.A Proposed Revival ofVALENTINE'S MANUALTh«r« was bat am DavM T. Yalsotlas. Thsrs will asm la aaetbar. Ida awt wacaa kapa far to a rsaalssaaas af that spirit which, aster bis Istlsa aara, trass*fararf his Nasaato frau a amy riser* af tfally svsats lata a rspasltary af sashfaseiaatla« aasstets sad hlstarisat shara as ta ba farsvsr s tellfht ta tha aatl-Marias uU tha law af SM Saw Yarb.If isterastetf li this prsjsst writs far partisalars ts Raary Catllss Sraws, 15East 40th Strsst, S. Y. City, Sssrstary Sscisty af SI* Maw Yarbars.SCHMITT'SBAKERY and LUNCH ROOM80 SIXTH AVENUEBelow Eighth Streat NEW YORK Charles Edison's Little Thimble Theatre, SituatedAt No. 10 Fifth Avenue, Greenwich Village, N. Y. C.Guido Bruno* ManagerThis Week's PerformancesMonday, 1:40 p. m. Bruno PlayersTuesday, Ittf p. m. Bruno PlayersWednesday, 8:4f p. m. Bruno PlayersThursday, l:4S p. n. Bruno PlayersFridoy, 1:41 p. mu Musical*Saturday, 1:00 p. m. Bruno PlayersSaturday, 8:10 p. m. MusicalsAsk or write for ticket of admission to theMusicales. They are free. I BUY BOOKSSingle volumes, small lots* and libraries; autographletters of known literary men and artists, drawings,pictures and engravings. AddressCOLLECTOR," Care of Bruno's Weekly, 58 Washington Sq&lt;it There can be no pleasanter place to hearthat remarkable Edison RecordxNumber (82536) thanThe Diamond Disc Shopat Number 10 Fifth AvenueIn this store, at least, the delightful atmos-phere of Old Greenwich Village has not beensacrificed on the altar of commercialismA postal will bring job, with ourcompliments, an interesting littlePhone: Stuyresant 4570 biography of Mr. Thos. A. Edison