Envy--a New Poison  By Cleveland Moffett    FOR centuries preachers have warned us against "envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitableness"; but now the scientists begin.  Envy is literally a poison, they say, just as anger, hatred, and fear are liter- ally poisons. When we yield to these passions, we change the chemistry of our bodies, and produce in our vital organs evil secretions that can be detected by laboratory methods and that cause stom- ach troubles, kidney troubles, and other serious ills. A man may become a vic- tim of diabetes, for example, through jealousy or through anger.  In view of this discovery, let us take a fresh glance at our ancient enemy-- envy. What does the Great Teacher say?  "A prophet is not without honor, save in his own country."  Why is that?  It is because people who knew the prophet, when he was not a prophet, are envious; they will not stand for his ac- cession to greatness. They remember him as little Jimmy Blank with freckles and a pug nose, who used to run away from school and go swimming. He a prophet? Never!  How prone we are to doubt the abil- ities and distrust the motives of those who have emerged from an obscurity that they once shared with us!  We do not mind how many great and brilliant things happen to strangers-- they may inherit millions, or strike oil in their back yards, or become governors of States, without its troubling us; but let one of these things happen to an ac- quaintance and we immediately resent it.     We read that a multi-millionaire has died and left a long list of bequests to people of whom we never heard--half a million to this one, a hundred thousand to that one, fifty thousand to another; and we take it calmly. But if we read that he has bequeathed ten thousand dol- lars to some hard-working secretary whom we know, we regard it as a per- sonal insult.  What? That poor stiff? Ten thou- sand dollars? The idea!  Let some newspaper man make a hit with a play that represents years of brave striving, of self-denial, or repeated disappointment, and what happens? Do other newspaper men crowd around him with congratulations? Not so that you would notice it. The congratulations come mostly from strangers.  We go to a distant city and hear high praise for a man we have known for years. What? That fellow a great artist? A distinguished scientist? An- international authority on this or that? Absurd! And we recall something to his discredit.  Alas, how envious we are! How envious women are! Listen to their talk! And this envy reacts against our- selves.  A real test of character comes when we meet a friend--at dinner or on the street--who has had good fortune, pro- fessional success, a public distinction. Then what? It is so easy to be indif- ferent, to pass the thing over as of slight importance, or to speak some flippant, wounding word.  Good God! Is not life a hard enough   45