Ferdinand Reyher 67    party on the fourteenth of last month?" with one finger and a puckered expres- sion of intense concentration, upon Miss Roseman's typewriter.  He pointed at Hatty and shouted: "You, miss! Bring your book and come here!"  That which every stenographer in the office dreaded more than influenza had descended upon Hatty of all people. Augustus Bains, old man Carew's secre- tary, was away at something or other and the old man had singled out a victim from the outer office to take dictation. Long before this, Hatty must have invested old man Carew with the sacred halo of those who can raise the brother of Abel and not get called down; but nevertheless, with- out a visible tremor, she answered the call, which must have sounded like an order to stop the current in a third rail by smearing talcum powder on it. Picking up Miss Roseman's shorthand book, she followed old man Carew into his cave of horrors, leaving the door partly open.  "Im--or'nt lett--four cop's--ge'roffa- wuntz!" crackled the old man's opening salvo: A humanitarian might have trans- lated this into: "An important letter is about to be dictated to you, my child. Kindly make four copies without delay and just bring them to me for approval and the necessary signature, so that the letter may be dispatched immediately."  "Da'lin, R'luck--oh, Ne Jurzee--t'day --Messers Simp, Luch, Dill! Derr Sirs!" With jerks, cracklings, and explosions, old man Carew-shot out this address. It meant that the date line was to be Roloco, New Jersey, the site of the Rosmer Load- ing Company's plant, a war company in which he was vitally interested and of which he was an officer; and that the let- ter was to be sent to the firm of Messrs. Simpson, Lucknow &amp; Delancey, Pitts- burgh, Pa. Almost everyone in the office at some time or other had become famil- iar with the address, but in that tense in- stant it must have been as crystalline to Hatty as a Chaldean mud tablet. The     whole office sat rigid with a sickening im- pression of impending calamity. Johnny Lamb had risen from his desk, his lips open and his eyes fixed in a terrified stare on the partly open door of old man Carew's private office. He sank weakly into the chair before Miss Roseman's desk, which Hatty had just left, some papers which he had carried fluttering from his fingers over the typewriter. With a flurry of his shoulders, as though to shake off the tragedy achieving itself in the private office of the old man, he mechanically stuffed paper into the type- writer, bent over his scattered notes, and clicked merrily away at the keys.  "Pr'ves' ga -- shun' -- 'scover pres' shortch necer'y supplies c'pellsus 'cline handling farth' ord's. Is wi' deepst 'grets Id'vise you this, buttes th' French say la war it's HELL! Meet the'gen aft Dutch 're LICKED! Sur--"  Old man Carew's characteristic and strangely fascinating volleying of a busi- ness letter stopped with an ominous break.  "Why, in ten thousand cripes, didn' ye take that?" he suddenly bellowed.  "Take what?" came the clear voice of Hatty.  There was a sound of choking.  "Take what!" shrieked the old man. "The letter I was givin' you!"  "Oh--" her voice was charged with honest surprise. "Was that a letter? I thought you was hiccupin'!"  It was a full minute before another sound was heard. Then, like the bursting of a barrage, the old man's voice roared out against the horrid quietness that was broken only by the noise of Chubby Lamb's frantic typewriting.  "Get out! Get out!" old man Carew howled. "Get out and never come back --never come near here unless you bring me that letter perfect! What'n--what'n ten thousand blazes did you think I called you in here for--to sing 'Way down on the Suwanee River?"  Simultaneously Hatty appeared in the