22 The Harbor   Karen was to learn strange things from that hand which Fate dealt for Kent Dutton. She learned that the full moon might mean something besides a promise of crabs in the morning; she realized that the glowing coals in the fireplace might bring thoughts of something more than an empty woodbox. Taking food in a companionable manner meant more than mere memories of a greasy dish- pan. To walk in the pine woods with Kent was a trifle different from a rush to find a spot where blackberries grew. Her old enemy, the sea, which for years had only meant cold and damp and howl- ing winds, come to sing a soft and croon- ing lullaby.  Then the shadow born in that far away flight down one of Norway's moun- tains, began to cast bleak darkness over Karen's time of love. She realized that this wonderful passion of hers was but temporary pleasure. There were things in her life, things that had scarred her brow, which she could never desert. There were things in Kent's life, things with which he had scarred his brow, that she feared he could never conquer. Beaten firmly upon her mind was the knowledge of her peculiar heritage, her strange governing antecedents. The fears that had marked her life, made Karen afraid to undertake anything for herself. Kent's delirious ravings were shadowed in her mind by Egbert's dying commands. Kent was the one thing she wanted Life to give her and she was afraid to take him. Even Love had come to her life with a broken body and a scarred face.  "I can't marry anyone, Kent. I have to care for Mother and Father." Karen could still hear her voice, she could still hear Kent pleading with her.  How he had begged her to desert them, to come away with him, to allow him to show her life! With his very words had come a bitter realization that, in his heart, he held no responsibility sa- cred. She realized that all her explana-     tions were in vain. Kent's own selfish inadequacy had raised another barrier between them.  "We shall go away, leave the terrible beach. I shall go on writing stories, Karen. We shall love and live."  "I can't marry any one who is selfish, Kent darling," Karen had wept. "Father was selfish--and look at all of us. It would only mean that I should be cheated more and more! I can't be responsible for anything else, dear. Love means kindness and care to me. Egbert told me to hang on until I was sure of some- thing. Oh, Kent, dear, dear Kent, I am not sure of you, not sure at all."  "Why, you are strong enough for two of us. Think of your wonderful mind and your great splendid body; think what you have done for me. Why, I can't help being strong and growing stronger, if I am with you!"  "Think of the strength in my father's body and what it did for us," Karen had whispered. Then she proceeded to strip all the glory of love from her life by painting to her lover the sordidness of that life. She left out nothing--the stolen bride, the baby in the steerage, the dirt, the disease, the hordes of chil- dren. The whole tragedy of her exist- ance fell from her ashamed lips.  "My father was like a giant who lay sleeping all day and feasted all night upon the tribute his slaves brought him --but these slaves were his own flesh and blood. I can't marry any one like you, Kent. Don't you see? If I marry, it must be someone who will help me wash the dirt marks off my soul, not some- one who will smear on more. It must be someone who will raise me, me and my babies, not someone whom I shall have to shove along to make him decent. My shoulders are broad, but they can't carry any more. I am not quite of god- dess size, you know!" She laughed drear- ily at her poor, battered bit of humor. "I shall go on carrying those old people on my shoulders, while you go away and