"American Beauties" owe much of their attractiveness to their beautiful Eyes adorned with long, luxuriant, silky Eyelashes and perfectly formed Eyebrows-- "those Fringed Curtains which Veil the Eyes," and give to them that rare charm of expression, which all women prize so highly, and which is so greatly admired by women and men alike. If Nature has denied you these Beauty Aids, do not despair. You may now have them if you will apply just a little Lash-Brow-Ine Remember the Full Name-It's imitated persistently for a short time. Its purpose is to nourish and stim-ulate the Eyelashes and Eyebrows in a natural manner thereby promoting their growth and adding beauty to the face. Lash-Brow-Ine is a pure, delicately scented cream, guaran-teed to be absolutely harmless. It has been tested and approved by the best chemists and beauty specialists of America. Thousands of women, in society, as well as stars of the stage and screen, have been delighted with the results obtained by its use, why not you? TWO SIZES 50c and $1 Send price and we will mail you "LASH-BROW-INE," and our Maybell Beauty Booklet, "The Woman Beautiful" prepaid under plain cover. SATISFACTION ASSURED OR PRICE REFUNDED. AVOID DISAPPOINTMENTS WITH INFERIOR IMITATIONS. The wonderful success attained by "LASH-BROW-INE" has caused the name to be closely imitated. There is only one genuine "LASH-BROW-INE." Look for the picture of the Girl with the Rose, same as above, which appears on every box. You can identify the genuine with this picture. Remember the full name "LASH-BROW-INE" and insist on getting it. MAYBELL LABORATORIES, 4305-27 Grand Blvd., CHICAGO   Why Run-down Pale Exhausted WOMEN Should Take Iron "There can be no beautiful, healthy, rosy-cheeked, steady nerved women without iron. When the iron goes from the blood of women, the roses go from their cheeks--their charm and attract- iveness depart. I always insist that my patients take organic iron-- Nuxated Iron--(not metallic iron which often corrodes the stomath. and does more harm than good). Nuxated Iron is easily assimi- lated, does not blacken nor in- jure the teeth nor upset the stomach. It will increase the strength and endurance of weak, nervous, irritable, careworn, haggard women in two weeks' time in many cases. I have used it in my own practice with most surprising results."-- Ferdinand King, M.D., well known New York Physician and medical! author. (Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded--On sale at all good druggists.) Nuxated Iron   Training for Authorship Dr. Esenwein How to Write, What to Write, and Where to sell. Cultivate your mind. Develop your literary gifts. Master the art of self-expression. Make your spare time profitable. Turn your ideas into dollars. Courses in Short-Story Writ- ing, Versification, Journalism, Play Writing, Photoplay Writing, etc., taught person- ally by Dr. J. Berg Esenwein, for many years editor of Lippincott's Magazine, and a staff of literary experts. Constructive criticism. Frank, honest, helpful advice. Real teaching. One pupil has received over $5,000 for stories and articles Written mostly in spare time- "play work," he calls it. Another pupil received over $1,000 before completing her first course. Another, a busy wife and mother, is averaging over $75 a week from photoplay writing alone. There is no other institution or agency doing so much for writers, young or old. The universities recognize this, for over one hundred members of the English faculties of higher institu- tions are studying in our Literary Department. The editors recognize it, for they are constantly recommending our courses. We publish The Writer's Library. We also publish The Writer's Monthly- especially valuable for its full reports of the literary market. Besides our teaching service, we offer manuscript criticism service. 150 page illustrated catalogue free. Please address-- The Home Correspondence School Dep't 137 Springfield, Mass. Established 1897 Incorporated 1904