62 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    time. Bank presidents' salaries were awaiting her who could write a letter without misspelling "receipt," and there was room for them all, the cruder the quicker. However, no sooner had an office trapped one, and spent a week curs- ing, raging, and shrieking slander at a blonde from Yorkville or Flatbush after she had carboned the letter on the back of the first copy three tries funning, then she would fail to answer the roll call.  "Where is she?" someone in distress would ask at 10:22 in the morning.  At 11:04, the third bookkeeper, hav- ing gotten the married sister on the near- est grocery phone, would report:  "Gone to Washington!"  Even if the time comes, that peace is so thick upon the earth that Republican Senators will endorse the League of Nations, there will still survive one sen- tence to grate upon the soul of the Fagged Captain of Business, make him see red, and want to fight all over again:  "Gone to Washington!"  Some day, a fat poet of commercialism will come along and sing a free verse pæan to the greatest patriot; the man who kept the wheels turning and grind- ing on the lumpy grist of human make- shifts. Then a sculptor will make a statue of the middle-aged nervous wreck who owned a large office space filled with typewriter desks entirely surrounded by vacancies--the man who caught them with a four-day diploma from the Sit- tight, Razem &amp; Potter Academies of Commercial Delinquency and allowed them to practice on his machines for a week before they bought a Pullman south; the man who saw them march- ing in, in their silver cord coats and Harlem mink, with nothing in the world to recommend them but an instinct for the touch system, and put the glint of typewriter polish on them that they might desert him for the Government.  He was the unsung hero of the back regions; the buffer plate between the rawest sort of product and the cry of     the Bureaus that bulwarked the White House. He was gray before his time, a menace to his wife, a dread to his children, a pest to his fellows, a devotee of profanity--and no delegation of citi- zens and cheerful sirens along the river welcomed him home.  Yet the normal citizen, did he have to choose between old man Carew and Hatty would, without the slightest hesi- tation, have chosen--either Norma Tal- madge or Alice Brady. Hatty would have made the jaguars run to cover in the jungle; and old man Carew in a day and a night, would have made a jungle out of Palm Beach. So there you are.  Old man Carew, second on the sign of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough, burlap and denim sack manufacturers, but first in importance and general peev- ishness, followed Miss Judson, the last of the stenographers, into the corridor and to the elevator. His shoulders were round as a bundle of hall runner, his eyes sunk like golf balls in mud, and his spirit diminished to the size of the 1917 sugar allotment. Now, Miss Jud- son was a good shift lock manipulator and a mistress of the hieroglyphics of shorthand. Furthermore, by compari- son to other stenographers the firm had recently acquired, she shone like varnish against a first coat.  "I'm sorry, Mr. Carew," said Miss Judson, drawing one hand back through the palm of her glove like the retreating head of a snail, and then pressing her fingers forward and stroking the leather. She cast her eyes north and continued:  "I am going to Washington. These are critical times, Mr. Carew. The Gov- ernment needs me."  "Cut the editorial guff and revert to personals," interrupted old man Carew rudely. "Just how much are you going to hold me up for?"  "Mr. Carew," responded Miss Judson with dignity, "I am going to Washing- ton to do my bit."