122 White Treasure    but he did not seem so much surprised as indignant.  "It was to be expected," he said in answer to her look. "German spies be- have worse than that as a rule."  "German spies! Is he--oh, thank God!" she burst out brokenly.  The man comprehended instantly what was back of her ejaculations.  "Time enough to thank God when we've got him," was his practical com- ment.  "And Mr. Keene?"  "I'm not altogether sure of him yet, Miss LeMoyne, but it doesn't look as if he stood in with that gang any too well," was his cautious yet reassuring answer.  She faced him with indignation, but he stopped her with upraised hand.  "No time for argument. Whether its a case of villains falling out or not, we've got to get that scoundrel Long- field."  "You'll find that Mr. Keene--"  "We've got to release him, too. I had no idea that Longfield had brought a gang with him, but I can't wait to as- semble a posse. We must deal with the situation ourselves. Look yonder!" he exclaimed.  He pointed far out to sea and then drew a small three-power glass from his pocket, focussed it swiftly, and after one look handed it to her. She soon made out a stout motorboat coming up the coast at a rapid rate in the smooth seas.  "He's planned everything," continued the man. "That'll be his boat. They mean to get the--"  "Platinum," she interposed, as he hesi- tated.  "How'd you know? No matter. We've got to stop 'em now. I wish you were a man."  "They are seven against us two," she said swiftly. "We'll have to try to trick them. Perhaps you'll find a woman's wit will serve. Listen."     Rapidly she outlined her plan while he listened, his face lighting.  "Good," he said. "We'll try it. Are you armed?"  For answer, she handed him her pis- tol, a small but serviceable automatic, which she drew from her jacket pocket. In that brief interval at the hotel, while he got the horses, she had dressed her- self for riding. She wore just what she had worn before when she had plunged down the hill to help Keene the first time. She threw back her jacket as Stevens took the pistol, and disclosed a small sheath-knife at her belt.  "This will be all I need; you keep the pistol," she said simply.  "Miss LeMoyne, I take off my hat to you," said Stevens admiringly. "You're better than a man in this situation. Good luck to you. I'll do my part, never fear."  She nodded to him, thrilling a little that she had won his praise--his com- mendation was well worth having, she had come to believe--and then she mounted and rode down the familiar trail toward the clearing and the two men to whom she meant so much. Stevens watched her until she had disappeared. He waited for a time as agreed upon, and then he went straight down the hill afoot over places impossible for a horse, moving slowly and with great caution as he drew near to the open.  "Do you see that fire?" asked von Langfeld, pointing to a heap of blazing brush his men had piled up at the foot of a tree and had just lighted. He did not wait for an answer, which would not have been given in any case, but went on: "When it gets a better start, we're going to warm your feet a little this cold morning to stimulate your recollection of the place where you hid the stuff."  "I know perfectly well where it is now, you dog," snarled out Keene.  "Where? Better tell me quick, unless you have a fancy to go lame for the rest of your short life."