Robert Shirley 87    really of the animal kingdom, and had, through lack of appropriate nourish- ment, fallen into an atrophic condition. A fellow named Belding has endorsed that since, I'm told. Anyway, he be- lieved this Swamp to be the best place to experiment on any such theories as he had, and he came here years ago. He had an idea that the conditions here ap- proached those of the world in the period of the great mammals. I don't know enough about it to tell you more than that, but over there you'll find a shelf filled with books on the subject. From the look of them, the old boy studied them pretty thoroughly."  I arose and approached the shelf. The books were old and well worn. I pulled down the first one I came to. It was Darwin's "The Power of Movement in Plants." I put it back and took down the next. Again it was Darwin. "Ef- fects of Cross and Soil Fertilization." The rest were of a similar character, and I returned to my seat.  "Then he experimented with plants?" I queried.  "There's a greenhouse, or forcing house, back in the clearing a couple of hundred feet," Curtis answered. "The place is filled with queer looking things."  "I'll have a look at it to-morrow," I decided instantly. "Now, about this man, MacGregor. Who told you about him?"  "Ben Biggotty, the boy who brought you here."  "What did he say?"  "Very little. He doesn't care for the Scotchman. Few negroes do, I imagine. MacGregor has thrashed him, probably, or something like that. At any rate, there is no love lost between them. As to what has become of the man, I have no idea. From what Biggoty tells me, MacGregor went away, as he does two or three times a year, ten days ago."  "I'd like to have a look at this man, MacGregor," I said half to myself after a few moment's thought.     "It's a pleesure ye'll be havin' th' noo, then," said a harsh, rasping voice almost at my elbow. Both of us started as if we had been shot, to find a tall, red- bearded man in shooting clothes stand- ing in the kitchen. The door was wide open. As we jumped to our feet, he came a step further into the room.  "An' who may ye be?" he inquired with a keen glance at each.  "It seems to me that if explanations are in order, it might be well to begin with yours," remarked Curtis quietly. "That will keep us occupied for a time. Where's Mr. Curtis?"  The other man smiled and let a heavy knapsack slip from his shoulders to the floor.  "I ken ye noo," he replied. "Ye'll be th' auld mon's nephew fra' oop Reechmon' way. But wha's yer fren'?"  By this time it had dawned on me who our caller was. The man MacGregor, of course, returned from his trip afield, and I stepped forward.  "I'm the prosecuting attorney of this county, Mr. MacGregor," I answered for myself. "I'm here in my official ca- pacity to investigate the disappearance of Mr. Henry Curtis."  The Scotchman stared, with dropping jaw.  "Deesappearance!" he echoed blankly. "Is he no here?"  "Unfortunately, no," I replied. "His nephew, Mr. James Curtis, whom you see here, has been in the house three days, and has been able to find no trace of his uncle."  The blue eyes of the Scot sought those of my friend and held them. The scru- tiny lasted several seconds. Then he sighed deeply.  "Forbye he's gone explorin'," he said quietly. "He's for doin' that noo an' agen."  "Mr. Curtis left without his clothes," I observed. "There is a deep mystery here, Mr. McGregor."  I noticed that the dog was fawning