92 The Long Arm in the Clearing   With Jim's aid, I got him into the house and laid upon his bed. The situa- tion was a difficult one, as there was no medical aid within miles, and no way to send for any until Biggoty should appear again. However, we did what we could for him, and then retired for consulta- tion. As far as I could see, the situation had not changed. We were still con- fronted with the facts. Mr. Curtis had disappeared. I had been attacked by some snake-like creature in his room. Two colored men were reported to have disappeared in a like manner, and the Scotchman was out of the running for the time being.  We put in the day in searching the surrounding canebrake for possible tracks or indications that someone might have wandered into them and been either attacked or overcome. We found noth- ing. On our return, just at dusk, I se- cured a pole and rescued the shirt. It was clean, but badly torn, as if it had caught upon something and been ripped from its wearer.  "Now what's to do?" asked Jim when we had finished supper.  "I'm going to find out what attacked me in that room last light," I said grimly. "Something came in through that win- dow, and I'm inclined to think it was the same thing that attacked Mr. Cur- tis."  "What's your idea? I'll help, of course," said Curtis.  "We'll sit up and watch, without a light," I replied. "If we hear anything, we'll flash this pocket electric torch I brought. We'll take a couple of shot- guns, and if there is--"  There was no need to finish the sen- tence. Its import was sufficiently ob- vious.  At eleven o'clock, or thereabouts, we proceeded to the bedroom where I had slept the night before, and made our- selves as comfortable as we could under the circumstances. Shotguns reposed across our knees, the lamp was placed     on the table between us with a supply of matches, and I held the electric torch in my hand.  The hours passed, and I began to yawn. There was an old-fashioned clock in the kitchen, and I heard this strike two. There was a faint breeze blowing outside that rustled the leaves, and occasionally there was the call of a night bird. Suddenly Curtis touched me on the arm.  "What was that?" he whispered, and as I listened, I heard a peculiar sound that one might liken to a great arm beating a heap of brushwood with a giant rubber flail. Jim let go of my arm.  "It's that thrashing sound I mentioned yesterday," he said. "It's nothing, I expect."  I could hear him yawn. Suddenly he closed his teeth together with a snap, and stood up.  "I'll go to sleep if I sit there much longer," he said. "I'm going to walk about the room. Don't let that gun drive at me, like a good fellow."  He stretched himself, and then moved over toward the window. I could see his shadow dimly outlined against the panes, and there was a sound of some- thing moving behind. He stopped with his back to the window and listened, standing quietly. As he did so, I caught a glimpse of something that moved behind him, and then just the faintest, scraping sound. It fascinated me, and my heart began to pound in my breast. Apparently Curtis did not hear it, for he made no move. With an effort, I forced myself to action, and bringing the torch into play, I pushed the button. Instantly, Jim stood in a circle of bril- liant light, and he cried out as I yelled.  "Jump!" I cried, and he sprang for- ward just as a long, thick, snake-like tentacle writhed above his head. In the light, I could see that this tentacle had come in through the window. Without further thought than the disgust and