Cyrus Townsend Brady 115    Moyne's house and demanded to see her. She had gone to bed after the exciting episodes of the night, and toward morn- ing had fallen into a deep sleep from which her maid had difficulty in arousing her at Longfield's insistence. She dressed rapidly and swept down upon him in an exquisitely becoming morning gown. He kissed her hand, led her into the morning room, and closed the door. He did not mince matters; the exigency was too great.  "Keene!" he began. "I've lost him. I I had him shadowed. He knocked down my man and got away. Do you know anything of him?"  She nodded. Concealment, secrecy, were not in her blood any more than was cowardice.  "He was here," she said with that bold frankness which so became her and which ordinarily he liked but which he now found strangely irritating.  "Here! This morning! But you were not up!"  "Last night!"  "Last night! After I left?" She nodded again. "In this house?" he de- manded angrily.  She did not like his tone, his manner. He was losing control of himself in his jealousy, anger, and disappointment. Her next words did not tend to restore his equilibrium.  "Not in the house; in the garden," she said coolly.  He stared at her. By a violent effort, he got back some, at least, of his self- control and spoke more gently, as if re- monstrating.  "And you were alone with him, you permitted--my affianced wife--"  "Not yet," she said quickly.  "You had speech with him. What did he say--what did he want--did he admit --did you tell him--?"  "I told him that you said he was a traitor, and sought to betray his country to Germany."  "Ah-- Anything else?"     "Nothing," she answered shortly.  "Did he tell you where he hid the--"  He stopped, but she promptly finished his sentence for him.  "The platinum? No, he does not know. I could have told him."  "But you did not?"  "No."  "And you will tell me?"  "No."  "Why not?"  "I could not help him and I will not help you," was her amazing answer.  He stamped his foot in impotent rage despite his effort to restrain himself.  "He is an enemy," he protested. "I must know where he has gone and where he has concealed the platinum. If you can help me and don't, you will be as guilty as he. The Secret Service--"  "I know nothing as to that," she an- swered, maintaining her ground. "I told him that when his villainy had been ex- posed and prevented and he was pun- ished for it, I had agreed to marry you."  "And what did he say to that?"  "He agreed. He said if he were what you said he was, he deserved to lose me--"  " ‘Lose you'! Is he mad? Does he dare to--"  "He says he loves me, and I believe he does."  "And you are waiting for him, too?"  "For one of you."  "Which one?"  "That depends on--" but he did not let her finish; he knew.  "Good! When I come to you. with the proof of his treachery in my hand!"  "Then I will add my hand to it."  Perhaps she would never have made so bold an avowal if, with every passing moment, she had not become more and more convinced of the entire innocence of Keene, however black might, nay must, be the case the Secret Service, as represented by Longfield, had piled up against him.  She had never seen Longfield so agi-