68 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    doorway. She didn't seem much upset; but she was holding Miss Roseman's red- lined pad upside down and crinkling her nose in the direction of the old man.  "Well, of all the noive!" she said so distinctly that he must have heard her. "Of all the noive! He must be sick!"  She marched over to Johnny Lamb.  "Say, Johnny, was that there riot what you call bein' fired?" she demanded, as though Johnny were the guilty party.  He started, rose and unwound his written sheets from the typewriter.  "Here, Hatty," he said cramming the four sheets, carbons and all, into her hands, "sit down for a minute and read 'em over, and take 'em to him. Tell him you never had a previous oppor- tun'ty of getting next to his peculiar manner of dictatin'; but that when it comes to memory, you're a bear!"  She looked at him with wide eyes. "Oh!" she exclaimed, and for all her amazement there was a new softness in her voice. "D'ye mean this is the stuff he was shootin' off 'bout in there--all done--all O. K.?"  Johnny smiled, shifted awkwardly, and nodded.  "Johnny Lamb, you're what I call one real, white gent, I'll tell the world!"  She pressed his hand with a warmth of gratitude and tenderness so unusual to her metallic bright little self that his blood pounded along with a thrill and a trill.  "Thanks--not 'tall!" he mumbled, blushing furiously and confused.  Five minutes later, chin perkily up and rustling four sheets of paper defiantly before her, Hatty breezed toward the old man's den and disappeared. A mo- ment later she reappeared, head even higher.  "Great blazes!" came from old man Carew as she crossed the threshold of his private office. "Look here!"  She turned. There was a pause and he came and stood before her, bent over the letters, looking so hard for an error     that the whole room felt the real strain.  "Say!" he exclaimed. "Ten thousand cripes now, young lady--what's your name?"  "Hat--Miss Weller!" she responded with inflammable dignity.  "Well, Miss Weller, hereafter when I got any dictatin' to do what Mr. Bains ain't here to take, you'll stay out there at your desk and we'll do it by telep- athy!"  He darted back into his office, and with a bang of the door behind him, severed himself from the astral influences of psychic stenography. But quick as he had been in darting back, no one ex- cept perhaps on Hatty herself, was lost the fact--the indubitable, miraculous fact--that old man Carew's perpetual and deep-grooved scowl had flirted for a moment with a grin. Hatty had borne the gleam of gladness into the old man's cavern of gloom. She crinkled her nose as the door closed, and with one hand stroking the flat smoothness of her hip- less figure and the other wiggling the pencil in her hair against her scalp, she repeated, distinctly:  "Well--of all the noive!"  Through the succeeding weeks, at little odd moments, Johnny Lamb found op- portunities to hover about Hatty, with a kind of half shy, wistful joy in her presence, or in inflicting himself on her. Lips parted with boyish embarrassment, he seemed nevertheless to thrive upon the witticisms and slang she flung at him, and the chirpy bright prattle of her incessant mockery splashed over him like a delicious summer sea. In spite of the service he had done her in the matter of old man Carew's dictation --wiser psychologists than even Mr. Denham, would have said because of it --she apparently had singled him out as the special target of her raciest shafts; but seemingly, Johnny had become so devoted to this dragon fly of a girl that where he should have winced, he merely grinned. One evening, as she pushed