104 The Bloom in the Leaves   $1.60), is a foolish attempt at western romance. That there never were such people and never was such a life mat- ters little to Mr. Jackson, nor would it matter to his readers had he made the highly impossible seem probable. He doesn't. The excessively credulous may find it interesting, but the mildly initiated will be bored.  Once on a Summer Range, by Francis Hill (The Macmillan Company, $1.50), is of the same kidney as Mr. Jackson's book. It is also an effort at western romance, but the events are thrown into a highly impossibly set- ting and the characters are neither interesting nor true.  The Man Nobody Knew, by Holworthy Hall (Doubleday, Page &amp; Company, $1.50), is a war novel, now happily growing scarce. One doesn't quarrel with authors who create men and wom- en different from any men and women who ever lived, but one is justified in being disgruntled if the writer fails to     make his characters convincing. Mr. Hall, unhappily, is of this number. His remade man is a creature that never was on sea or land, and his secret is for- ever quite safe, as no one could have any interest in discovering it or prop- agating it.  Frank Dilnot says some condescend- ingly nice things about America in his little book, The New America (The Macmillan Company, $1.25). The work is just barely readable.  An American Poilu (Little, Brown &amp; Company, $1.35), is an anonymous war offering consisting of letters sup- posed to have been written by an American enlisted in the French Army. After reading the book, one can scarce blame the writer for keep- ing his name off the title page. It is weakly sentimental and deals almost exclusively with things in which one, viewing the war, has little or no in- terest.  S. W.     THE BLOOM IN THE LEAVES  By Aloysius Coll MY LOVE was like the feathery mist Of green upon the spring-- The little leaves that catch the dew, And make the birds to sing. Laughter and tears upon my soul, As little leaves are spun Around the giant oak to catch The dewdrop and the sun. But O, his love, the thundering rain That drenches bough and root, Swept through the timorous little leaves, The blossoms and the fruit!