38 Illusions    and could have bitten my tongue at the careless speech as I saw his thought leap toward Marcia. I had wakened his self- consciousness to the gulf between them --Marcia at three and forty, he at thirty- one!  He nodded slowly.  "That's true enough, Jim. I suppose I do look like a kid to--to you, for in- stance?"  "Yes." His cruelty showed that he was still young. I managed not to wince at the heedlessness of that speech. "Yes, Cresson, when you feel your age getting oppressive, consider me and be com- forted. That's one advantage of choos- ing your friends out of the earlier gener- ation."  Again I saw his thought flash to his wife. Henceforward he would strength- en his mental grip on youth by contrast- ing his years with Marcia's. They would actually comfort him now, those twelve intervening years!  I met them both, a few days later, at the Moseleys' dinner. I saw in a flash that my chance-dropped seed had taken root ineradicably in Porter Cresson. He was charmingly thoughtful of Marcia-- so obviously solicitous that old Mrs. Moseley commented on it in her pungent style, for my ear only.  "Young Cresson's waking up to Mar- cia's age, isn't he? He couldn't be more careful of her if she were his venerable grandmother."  I changed the subject rather pointedly, but the wicked old woman gurgled in her formidable bass to let me know that she didn't care whether or no I approved of her. Later, I saw her repeating the idea to Sally Fraser, who is more feline in her instincts than any other woman of my acquaintance. I did the only thing I could: I hung about Marcia persist- ently until she left--quite early. Cres- son suggested it, fondly reminding her that she'd had a trying day. I thought I saw her flinch a little away from him as he bent over her. I knew what she     was feeling, behind those words. And her eyes clung to mine for a moment as we parted, clung with a kind of fright in them, the blind, bewildered appeal of the child who faces new, terrifying pain. She needed me. And her glance said so. I went home afoot that night, think- ing hard. There are moments in any man's life when he faces, quite suddenly, an opportunity that challenges every evil impulse in him. Marcia needed me, at last. It was to mine that her eyes had made that mute appeal, over Cresson's shoulder. . . .  I went to see her next day. Cresson, I knew, would be at his work. He al- ways drove himself relentlessly at it. Until five, nothing could get him out of his study. Marcia was alone in her blue and silver room, paler than I had ever seen her--and lovelier. She was more like the Marcia I had known be- fore Cresson set her life on fire with the flame of his pagan youth. Her hand, as I touched it, was cool and gentle and steady, and her eyes were calm, as they had been in the old days.  "Porter's busy," she said. I knew that the words merely covered her thought.  "I came to see you," I told her. "I-- I'm seeking consolation, to-day. I'm fifty, and I don't enjoy it."  It was quite safe to add five years to the truth. I am not given to publishing my personal affairs in such compendiums as "Who's Who " and if anyone except my brother in Hong Kong is aware of my age, I cannot imagine how he dis- covered it.  Marcia's eyes widened.  "Jimmy--you're not!" She spoke compassionately before her mind had time to weigh the words. The color swept into her cheeks as their import dawned on her, but she was Marcia-- she did not aggravate the wound by apologies. Instead, she laughed softly, and dropped her cool fingers on my wrist.