72 "Your Job Will Be Waiting When You Get Back"    year before his regiment was sent into action, and then he arrived in time for the tail end of a very minor skirmish. He wore no crosses; was never mentioned in the orders or disorders of the day; was unkissed by French ladies or French gen- erals, and altogether, having been pre- pared to do his duty, had done it without fuss and feathers as the great unmen- tioned thousands have done it, and was glad--the phrase is "damned glad"-to spot the sky line of Manhattan again. He had no subtle soul awakenings; no psychic spiritual transformations. He went forth Johnny Lamb, and he came back Johnny Lamb, despite the corporal honors. He had been the same sunshiny Chubby in camp and in France that he had been in the office of Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough, and in that big, shy, sunshiny heart of his he still carried one picture--the vision of Hatty Weller, forever vitalized by the kiss he had given her in the discreet and cemetery-like somnolence of Harlem at 1:15 A. M. over a year ago. So, having laid clear the war record of Johnny Lamb, it is time to re- turn to Hatty and the end of the winter of 1918.  Curiously enough, after the rebuff she had given Mr. Holling re the matter of impromptu drinking cups folded out of bond paper, legal size, Hatty became vaguely aware that his attitude toward her had undergone a radical change. She was utterly bowled over one afternoon, when Mr. Holling gratuitously walked across the room and apropos of nothing stated:  "A wonderfully fine day, isn't it, Miss Weller?"  Hatty stared at him somewhat as though he had announced: "Let's can the work and go down to Brighton for a swim--they say the water's fine in Feb- ruary!"  He repeated:  "Simply wonderful weather, isn't it?"  She painstakingly examined the start- ling sentence to discover what sarcasm     underlay his words, and to her own amazement finding none, responded sol- emnly:  "Mr. Holling, you speak words of wis- dom, and it's a pleasure to meet such a fine observer."  Whereupon Mr. Holling, far from be- ing his usual ruffled self at her reply, actually smiled a great beaming, semi- human smile.  "Let me get this right," said Hatty quickly. "It was your great aunt what died, wasn't it, Mr. 'Olling, and left you all' that money?"  He laughed. The whole office now stared at this astounding outbreak of hilarity on the part of the Grand Secre- tary of The-I-Will-Glooms.  That evening, as Hatty, homeward bound, was entering the elevator, Mr. Holling stepped in behind her.  "Pretty good to call it a day, eh?" Mr. Holling said, as an effort at small talk.  "Callin' it a day, Mr. Holling," an- swered Hatty, "is what fills me with heavy sorrer ev'ry evenin'."  He walked beside her down the cor- ridor toward the revolving doors of the entrance, and he was beside her when she came out on the street.  "Going over toward the subway?" Mr. Holling asked, and without delaying for her reply, touched her arm and went with her. Her surprise at the general evi- dences of thawing taking place in the frosted top soil of the man next to her was not lessened by the fact that Hatty, who knew all that was to be known of the personal habits of the people with whom she worked, was aware that Mr. Holling never went home on the subway, but took the Elevated at a station which lay in the opposite direction.  Somehow, she was not able to frisk in front of Mr. Holling and lay her nickel on the little glass shelf of the ticket win- dow ahead of him, as she had done with Johnny Lamb, and Mr. Holling preced- ing her with two tickets to the chopper, stood aside there while she passed him,