Ferdinand Reyher 63    He grew hysterical at that  "You won't take--" he shouted and his words congealed as his eye caught the indicator on the elevator clock whiz- zing counter-wise: 22 -- 21 -- 20 -- 19. There was a burst of sinister crimson in the bulb beneath the clock. A clat- ter of iron. Old man Carew unhypno- tized himself, 'Til make it--" he began desperately. "Good-by, Mr. Carew," lilted Miss Judson, flicking a gloved hand at him.  She turned in the elevator and smiled as the folding grill, with a chuckling clat- ter, unlimbered its lattice between them. The indicator resumed its counter step- ping: 17--16--15--14--13-- . . . 5--3 --1. As it settled on 1, he tore himself away and flung through the door into the outer office of 'Morningfield, Carew &amp; McCullough. He jabbed a shaking fin- ger at Johnny Lamb and a trembling fist in the austere direction of Mr. Holling.  "If any of you ever let another female come into this office who knows the dif- ference between a letter of acknowledg- ment and a legal holiday, I'll---I'll"--he wheezed off into incoherency. After a bit, he got the brakes on to himself and once more became noisily intelligible. "The next one that comes stays forever. I don't care if she knows so much that she can carry it in her locket and still have room for a powder puff. By ten thousand cripes now, the man who puts an idea into her head or even teaches her how to sharp a pencil will--will-- brrrrr!" He blew up again, with a noise like the stripping of gears.  He was still rumbling and erupting with molten hate an hour later. Miss Mencken, who came to take a letter from him in place of Miss Judson, suddenly shot out of his private office as from the barrel of a howitzer, wild-eyed and in tears. An eerie wail in the accents of old man Carew pursued her, couched in notes of a blood-curdling pathos:  "Oh oh, oh! T wan'a commit aspasia or something? I'm goin' to Mexico--     they'll all kill me yet! Get out! Get out! Eskimoes! Eskimoes! That's what they are--punctuation, spelling! Ten thousand cripes now, don't nobody go to school no more? Throw out the typewriters--throw 'em all out--throw 'em outta the window--use 'em for road foundations! Denham! Denham! Come here, Denham!"  Imperturbable Charley Denham, cool and smiling, breezed into old man Carew's den of profanity.  "Denham, make a note o' this!" shrieked the old man. "Be here at five o'clock t'-morrer morning and interview all the office charwomen and s'lect three for secretarial jobs! Three of 'em! Make a note o' that, Denham!"  Denham laughed and went out, leaving the old man fluttering down, through fantastic circles of humor, to a normal temperature. A little later, Carew sent out a note to Johnny Lamb.  "Insert following advertisement in all morning papers," read the note, and then the advertisement:  WANTED: Four husky female la- borers for light office work."  About two-thirty, he popped out and shouted across to Mr. Holling as though they had been carrying on an uninter- rupted conversation:  "You'll get me one that even Washing- ton won' take, and while that sounds crazy you'll do it--do you hear--you'll do it!"  The door of his office slammed behind- him. From outside in the corridor, came the metallic clattering of an elevator gate sliding open and shut, as though it were the echo of the banging of old man Carew's door. A moment later, the of- fice door opened and Hatty came in.  She was about nineteen, slim, with that wriggle to her walk which suggests Coney Island on an August Sunday, Longacre Square at eleven-fifteen Satur- day night, Sixth Avenue and Thirty fourth Street on the eve of holidays, and every other spot overpacked with  5--L. S.