Robert Shirley 85    have I been able to find any trace of him since. That was three days ago. Then, there's that infernal dog. He won't let me out of sight, and shivers as he's doing now, as soon as the sun goes down."  I looked at the dog. He was crouched close against Curtis' leg, shaking as with an ague.  "Perhaps the old gentleman went away on a little trip, not expecting you so soon," I suggested. "As for the dog, he may be sick."  Curtis scratched a match on the table and lighted his pipe.  "Gentlemen invariably go away on little trips without clothing," he re- marked. "They always get out of their beds, leave their shoes beside a chair, their watch on a table, ticking, and their doors bolted on the inside."  I sat up quickly, and the dog howled mournfully.  "The door bolted on the--are you sure?" I asked, and he grinned ironically.  "Bring that lamp with you and I'll show you," he answered. "Come this way."  He pushed open the door that led into the house proper. I followed him, and the dog squeezed through between my legs as if afraid to be left alone.  "See that?" asked my friend, with a, look at the animal.  We walked down a short hall that smelled old and mildewed, and stopped before another door.  "This is where the old man slept," Curtis remarked, taking the lamp from me. He turned the knob and pushed the door open. As he did so, the dog growled savagely, and looking at him, I could see the hair rising along his spine, while his fangs showed white.  "Come on, Pete," said Tom to him, but the dog backed away and crouched close against the wall outside. He would not enter the room. Curtis pushed at him with his foot, but the animal snarled viciously and snapped at him.     "Let him alone," I said, and with Curtis entered the old man's chamber.  "When I got here," said my friend, putting down the lamp on the old-fash- ioned bureau, "the door was bolted on the inside, as I told you. The window was open about two feet, and the dog was in the room, howling. When I had tried the door and found it locked, I went outside and climbed through the window. As soon as I opened the door, the dog rushed out as if he had been frightened half to death."  "How long ago was that?" I asked. Outside in the dark passage, I could see the dog's eyes shining.  "Three days ago," was the answer. "The poor beast was half starved, of course. Ever since, he's shivered at night, just as you see him."  "But why didn't he jump out of the window?" I asked. "That would have been easy for him."  "Answer me that and I'll make you a present," replied Curtis. "Look here. You see I've left everything just as it was, save that I unbolted the door. Here are my uncle's things, evidently just as he removed them. His clothes neatly folded over the chair here, as you see. His collar, tie, and scarf pin on the bureau; shoes, socks, etc., on the floor beside the bed. Handkerchief and book within easy reach, and his watch on the small stand as you see it. Everything as methodical as you would expect from a man who has been doing the same thing for years."  I glanced about the room and found everything as Curtis had described it. The open window again attracted my at- tention.  "Why should a man have left his room by the window when he could have gone by the door, and why would he leave without his clothes?" I muttered.  "Exactly," agreed Jim, "and that is why I've sent for you. I tell you, there's a mystery here; even if the dog didn't act the way he does."