Roger Hartman 37    Looking on, from my place above the playground, I almost prayed that she might win--and with only gladness I saw her steadily winning. I even came to like Cresson again because he let her win, because he loved her as crazily, after two years, as he had loved her in the first mad days, because not even Marcia's eyes could find a hint of waning infatuation in his attitude.  He must have been less than human if he had not loved her. She gave him no chance to relax; she flung herself down from her infinite places to become a temptress, a playmate, a laughing, chal- lenging, elusively maddening mistress of the sort that a woman must make of her- self to be a successful wife to such a man as Porter Cresson.  The years passed--lightly for them, heavily for me. For I was afraid, hor- ribly afraid. The difference between twenty-five and thirty-seven is hard enough for love to span; between twenty- eight and forty--I could not hope that even such a love as theirs could bridge that gulf. And I knew Marcia; when love died, she would die, too. Cresson would not understand. So, greatly fear- ing, I stood by. It was not easy to look on. There were times when I saw their eyes meet in a chance, roving glance, clash and fasten and glow, shutting me out. ... No, it wasn't easy. But I did it. I wanted Marcia to feel, always, that I stood very close.  Cresson, as the world knows, devel- oped splendidly in line with his preco- cious promises. His genius found itself, expanded, flowered. He took a boy's de- light in it, a frank, unaffected and un- concealed pleasure in being known, ad- mired, respected, envied. The passionate youth of him seemed to grow stronger as he came into the surety of his thirties. He was a pagan still, a boy, a wild, joy- ous beast-man, above or below or beyond the weakening inhibitions of our degen- erate age, a law to himself. I watched him. And, gradually, I saw him change     under the slow chemistry of time, as other men change, saw the tragedy begin to slip its shadow, unperceived, above him.  Men who have passed beyond the sinis- ter line of fifty know too well what it means to discover a growing inclination to be critical, a deepening discrimination which at first seems only the result of knowledge and experience. There comes a time when nature seems to sharpen the eye and quicken the ear, when the mere prettiness of face or figure, the light laughter of young voices, no longer suf- fice to quicken the pulse; when one seeks something nameless and haunting--be- yond the superficial. A man grows crit- ical under the years; he develops an eye for trivial blemishes, an ear for slight discords. And he turns constantly back- ward, trying to blind himself to the gray- ness that waits beyond.  Cresson was in my rooms when he woke to himself. At least, he seemed to understand what was happening in him, suddenly, under my eyes.  He turned toward me slowly, his face queerly drawn.  "My God, Jim, I'm thirty-one years old!"  I did not smile. I remembered too keenly the thrill of fear that bites through a man as it dawns on him, in one sobering flash of realization, that he isn't a boy any more, that he has been lifted out of precocity to a footing of equality with other men, when he is no longer meas- ured relatively, but absolutely, no longer a clever youngster, but a man--to be appraised by the standards of all men, young or old.  "Yes," I said. "I was wondering when you would find it out. It won't do you any harm, if you keep your balance. Youth is relative, like everything else."  "That's it," he said, still under the cold touch of discovery. "There are-- people who'd think me old--"  "Not so many as those who would think you still a boy," I reminded him,