18 The Harbor    voted a few days to the uninteresting, unadventuresome task of having a new baby. Sometimes, strange old-country celebrations were held, much to eat, much to drink, many people crowding into the kitchen, steam dripping off dirty clothes onto dirtier babies. After the eating and drinking came a long, su- perstitious, religious ceremony--for they were all old-country spiritualists.  With summer, all thoughts of celebra- tion were lost in one long orgy of work.  Karen was up at dawn, setting tables, planning meals, boiling crabs, making tasteless butter--grinding out her youth for money which poor management wasted.  Her brothers were jerked out of bed at dawn to wade in cold water for crabs, to dig in wet sand for clams, to tramp through dewy forests for berries. Little, cold kiddies trooping into the kitchen to lay the spoils of their efforts before their father and then to rush away in the same wet clothes, to work all day in the garden.  Karen and her mother spent hours over the great range--while the husband and father marched proudly about watch- ing his guests play croquet.  The whole Hansen family slept in one room behind the kitchen. Of course, if there were too many children, they could sleep just any place, dining-room tables, back stairs, or in a wet haystack.  Then, one day, baby Selma died--one busy day in June, when the summer rush was just beginning--and because no one had time to mourn for her, a new light of desperation crept into the gray eyes of the mother.  Time passed.  Karen finished the coast school, and her sister was married to a huge saloon keeper from Olwaco. A little later, Karen, a tall girl of seventeen, slender and sweet to look upon, went to take care of her sister when she had twin babies. When Karen came back to the square house, her eyes had a new look-- wonder. She was changed, indefinably     changed. If words had been her portion at that time, she might have said, a trifle sadly, that her soul had been born simul- taneously with the birth of Christine's twins.  One day in early fall, Karen's mother was in the wood-girt meadow cutting, with an old fashioned scythe and long, swishing sweeps, ferns for winter bed- ding for the cattle. As she swung along, her body following the scythe, her eyes on her work, she became aware of a sound other than the rhythmical swish, swish, swish of the long knife against the brown, sweet-smelling ferns. Stand ing in a hidden opening in the woods was Karen. Her chin was raised to an angle of listening, her wide gray eyes peered ahead with a strained expression. Her voice, which reached her mother's ears, seemed not only to be questioning the bird and the trees and the open sky, but to be imploring help in time of great need.  "I know that they are different--but how are they different? Oh, how are they different? If I knew, then I could change us. They don't have dirt and pigs and babies in a heap; that I know!"  The girl paused and her mother pushed one end of the scythe into the ground and crept nearer her strange daughter. The girl had raised herself on her toes as if trying to peer over an ob- stacle.  "They are like a hill, Father and all of them; and the way they live, and I am just under the hill--but I don't know the pathway over it! Work, work, work, dirt, babies, ugly things! I think I shall die. But how am I to find out if there is anything different in the world?"  Higher and higher the girl pulled her- self up, as if by sheer physical strength her splendid body might be forced to cast some gleams of light into her searching brain.  Her mother, standing beside the great scythe, suddenly realized that she was watching the punishment which had be-