W. Carey Wonderly 113    Edmund Dantes. Here he accumulates great wealth and discovers the falseness of Mercedes, so that at the final curtain, we find our hero paired off with the faithful Haydee, while Mercedes seeks life happiness with another man. It is probably the first time in the history of the theatre that the blonde turns out to be the adventuress, and the brunette lady gets the hero. Comparisons, of course, are odious, but Miss Maple is a pretty young woman, though it is true that we are given an opportunity of see- ing more of Flore Revalles.  Charles Purcell plays Monte Cristo, Jr., and achieves very satisfactory re- sults. Herein, he is seen to better ad- vantage than he was earlier in the sea- son in "The Melting of Molly." But then, "Molly" was a woman's play, and since it gave Isabel Lowe such splendid opportunities, we mustn't cavil. Purcell has a pleasing personality and a good voice, which is heard to fine results in "Broadway Butterfly" and "Mr. Monte Cristo," the latter the song-hit of the piece.  Of Miss Maple, we have spoken. That she is a principal woman who can stand comparison with any of the beauties of the chorus is significant. Next, I liked best the Watson sisters. While it is evi- dent that their methods are frequently of the variety stage, loud and direct, their humor, especially that of Fanny, is good-natured and distinctively Ameri- can in tone, with the result that they seldom fail to please. When they paired off with the Dooleys, the sum total was up in the billions, as our English friends     say. The Vampire Dance by Gordon and William Dooley was quite the fun- niest thing these brothers have done.  Adelaide and Hughes are the featured dancers, with their Wedding Number and the Toy Dance standing out. This couple was never seen to better advan- tage, and it probably is true that this en- gagement will do more to enhance their popularity than anything they have yet done. Adelaide's is distinctly a Winter Garden personality, combining as she does French chic with the wit and bril- liance of the Irish intelligence.  Esther Walker, from vaudeville, has come in for a great deal of attention in this new extravaganza, but I must admit that Miss Walker failed to impress me very much. She is an excellent number leader for a certain type of song, but I cannot see that she is a star by any means, and for the rest, the Garden is still lacking a "big" woman.  Charles (Chic) Sale is seen briefly and, as usual, scores. Virginia Fissinger returns in this show, and Ralph Herz plays several bits in legitimate manner, his Rev. Fluffy Ruff in the Prison Scene being genuinely funny. Sydney Jarvis sings, and shouldn't, while Flore Revalles is picturesque in appearance and secret- ive in speech. There are girls and girls and girls, all of them pretty, all of them well-dressed, if not well covered.  It has become the fashion to acclaim each new Winter Garden extravaganza as the "best ever," but cold facts seem to point that the Messrs. Shubert have outdone themselves with "Monte Cristo, Jr." It has melody, wit, and beauty.    ALWAYS remember that a woman may say what she means, without meaning what she says. I KNOW a girl who absolutely does not flirt, but she will be thoroughly proficient by the time she is twelve.