98 Carlotta Advises    she was wearing and the hat lined with a rose-color that gave a warm glow to her clear, creamy skin. She stood quite still, watching, as he came toward her, for his quick smile and the glow of pleasure flar- ing in his narrow, deeply-set eyes, like a dull flame in the depths of a cave. All day she had been longing for the inex- plicable joy his nearness brought her, Now that he was there, she felt herself trembling with the impact of his presence. It was Cedric who spoke first.  "Camilla, you're as white as your own dear ghost. You're not ill?"  "No. I just didn't sleep last night, nor the night before."  "I know." His eyes changed, clouding a moment. He reached down and slipped his hand over hers. "To-night ends it, thank God."  "To-night begins it," she said very low. Taking her elbows in his firm hands, he drew her toward him. She could see that his lips were quivering, but he smiled down at her before he spoke.  "You can't stifle love, dear," he said. "Love means life. And sacrifice of love is the first of the great sins against life. You know you love me."  "Oh, I do, Cedric. I do." She drew back and looked at him with sombre eyes. "It's just that I'm not the kind of woman to play the part you are giving me. I--I dread all the chances accumu- lating against me. I--all my people have been good--my mother, my cousins--in the conventional sense. Proper and nar- row, if you like, but good. It's I who am strange to myself. I--didn't know I should be like this. It--it has all come so quickly. I can't help thinking of Car- lotta."  "Carlotta?"  She nodded, her face averted. "Carlotta is so keen," she said. "She's always been a balance wheel for me."  "Camilla,"--he swung about and gripped her arm so tightly that it hurt her--"promise you'll not tell Carlotta. Promise me."     She looked up amazed at the hostility in his tone. "But I thought you liked Carlotta."  "Oh, I do. But this is between us-- you and me. There is no one else in the world that could understand what it means. We're starting out new, with just our- selves and our lives before us."  There was a boyish wistfulness in his voice, as if he were trying, in common- place words, to tell her the many ways he loved her; but the portent of what he was saying stilled her for an instant. The thought of going away with him had been dominant for days. Whatever she had been doing or saying, she had been con- scious of that as she would have been conscious of a neuralgic pain at her tem- ples. There were times when she was certain that it was the only way of escape into life, that not to go away with Cedric would be an irreparable calamity; and there were other times when it seemed weakness and she could smile at her own folly.  "I have everything planned," she began quietly. "There's a boy coming for my boxes. I decided not to take a trunk. He'll bring them to you late this after- noon."  "I'm going up to town in time for dinner." She heard his quick intake of breath, and there came a pause that seemed to carry them on irresistibly. "Camilla, hadn't you--wouldn't it be wiser for you to come with me? On the early train?"  She shook her head, answering his perplexed look with a still more decided negative. She knew that the delay of an hour increased the danger of discovery; that if John were at home, it would re- quire all her wit to evade his questions and get away.  "The boat sails at ten," Cedric per- sisted. "It makes a short evening any. way; and we've dined together often enough this last year."  "It's not that. I'm not afraid of being seen with you."