Thomas Grant Springer 31    of a hostile engine, began a scrambling out of their beds, marshaled by the nurses and assistants, and made what haste they could to the semi-safety of the cellar. Those less seriously injured began picking up their helpless comrades, some in their arms, others on mattresses. Some assisted others to hobble or stag- ger, and the sorry procession made what pitiful haste it could to avoid a double disaster. Short numbered, the nurses rushed frantically here and there, striv- ing to help as many as possible, but for all they could do there were too few to remove the helpless without several trips, and so many had to be left to pray si- lently in their beds that they might be missed.  At the first sign of confusion, Foo Chow woke to sudden life. His small slitted eyes began to twinkle with an almost joyful excitement. The faint, set grin that was his habitual expression widened into a full smile. He was out of bed on the instant, a ludicrous figure, had there been but time in that trying moment to notice it, his brown feet pad- ding along the bare floor in vivid con- trast to the coarse white nightgown that hung above them at a ridiculous angle.  "Walla malla?" he inquired almost ex- citedly of the one-armed occupant of the next bed, who, gray of face and cursing violently between clenched teeth, was holding his bandaged stump with his one hand as he made for the door of the hall.  "Damned boche aviator," he growled, casting a baleful eye aloft. "You better beat it, Chinkie, before he begins to drop his cursed load on us." He staggered hurriedly away as the humming above them began to grow viciously louder.  Foo Chow did not hurry. He knew that sound well. This was not the first time that the Foreign Devils' Dragon- Flies had showered him with their bombs and stink-pots. But here there was work to do, men, more helpless than himself, to help to safety, and, without hesitation, unmindful for once of the nurses, and     doctor's orders, he made for the nearest bed and gathered up a soldier into his arms.  Just then the nurse caught sight of him.  "No, no!" she cried, rushing to him as he started for the door with his bur- den. "You can't do that, Foo. Put him down and get away yourself!"  "Can do, can do," insisted Foo. With- out waiting for farther argument he started out into the hall and down the stair for the cellar with his now uncon- scious burden.  Just as he gained the ground floor the first bomb fell, missing the building nar- rowly, but shaking the place to its very foundations as it exploded in the yard. Foo Chow was in the cellar almost be- fore the vibrations ceased. He deposited his burden and made a dash back up the stairs. Circling, the Hun now tried again. This time he struck a wing, shat- tering it, but missing the main building. Through the smoke and confusion, the groans and cries of the men left behind or being borne below, Foo Chow tot- tered, selected his second burden, and had the man in his arms before he was noticed by any one in authority. This time it was the doctor, himself laden, who yelled impatiently at him.  "Here, Foo Chow, put that man down, you fool! You're in a bad way your- self!"  "Can do," Foo Chow insisted, toiling out without a thought of pause, although by now he felt the strain, felt the sudden giving way of something inside, just as it had done on the day that they had brought him to the hospital. But there was work to be done. He was back upon the job, and though his legs tottered weakly under him, he managed, with great effort, to get his second man to safety and start back.  The Hun had circled again. Almost directly above them now, the engine was humming louder, as if he had dived down to make sure of a direct hit. In   3--L. S.