Cyrus Townsend Brady 123    "Where you'll never find it, you sneak- ing spy!"  Von Langfeld rushed toward him ferociously, his hand upraised for an- other blow, his face white with passion; for Keene, who had no hope of rescue, had counted upon a swift end by provok- ing him to murderous assault. Any- thing, he thought, would be better than the slow torture of fire.  "Why don't you kill the traitor and have done with him?" broke in Barbara Le Moyne at the instant. The German stopped his rush and whirled about, his hand on his pistol. "It's only I," she went on, smiling at him as she spoke. "Oh, I'm so glad to find you! The Secret Service men are after--Mr. Keene--" Von Langfeld did not catch the pause, nor, for that matter, did Keene, who was listening as if distraught at this evidence that the woman he loved had decided against him. "I came up here to warn you. I knew you wanted to have the glory of catching him your- self," she went on hurriedly.  "Where are those Secret Service men?" asked von Langfeld, looking about him anxiously.  "I don't know. They didn't come with me."  "But you may have been followed. It is most serious!"  "Nobody followed me," she protested, as if the matter were of no moment. "Come and help me down."  Reluctantly, for her presence some- how seemed unaccountably threatening, he lifted her from her horse and set her on her feet. Keene said nothing. In his heart was wonder, despair, pity too deep for words. She did not look at him. Dempsey intervened.  "Miss LeMoyne," he began, "you know me. I'm true American all through. That man you're talkin' to is a damned traitor, an' a thief to boot. Keene's o. k."  "Once I too thought Mr. Keene was a true American," she said gravely.     "I'm sorry to see you in such bad com- pany, Dempsey."  This was too much for Dempsey. He shut up like Keene. The woman went on:  "Why don't we go, Mr. Longfield, now that you've got him?"  "The platinum," he answered. "He won't tell where it is."  "Why don't your men search for it, then? It must be hereabouts. They came down that path, I remember," she said, pointing into the forest.  Keene gritted his teeth together. There was no doubt as to the genuineness of her disbelief in him. She was playing into von Langfeld's hands in every way. He opened his mouth to protest--and then stopped. Suppose he could con- vince her that von Langfeld was a vil- lain, in what terrible danger would she not be plunged by that discovery? What might not the German do to her? He turned to Dempsey and whispered his thought, whereat the sheriff nodded and also refrained from speech. If he came out alive, he could convince her; if he died, it would not matter to him. Yet he would have died gladly to warn her.  "A good, an excellent idea!" exclaimed van Langfeld. "Two of you watch the prisoners, two of you follow the trail yonder and see where it leads. One of you tend the fire and you"--he pointed at the last--"go down to the river and see if the boat is coming."  As the men hastened to follow these directions their chief turned to Barbara.  "You promised me, after I had caught him--"  "Yes, I did," she answered promptly.  "Well, then--"  He made a step toward her. As in sudden timidity or bashfulness, she stepped hastily backward. She was be- tween him and the two prisoners. Dempsey was reclining against a rock. Keene was standing erect. Each was securely bound as to hands and merely hobbled as to feet. Two disarmed men