Robert Campbell 3    the navy folk. His work was to take the new Asheville from port to port, and spend as little time as possible in doing it. Nevertheless, I suppose it is a weakness of human kind to want to do some other fellow's job for him, and it is a fact that Butts had, in two or three specific- cases where he had gotten his fish, gone out of the way to do that job. On one of the occasions, he had chased the scan- dalized sub for fifty miles or so, having had the fortune to drop one shell into her inner works with such effect that her sub- merging pumps were knocked out of kil- ter, and consequently she had to depend on her speed in getting away. The sight of a heavy, thirteen-knot tramp steamer savagely chasing a somewhat erratic and badly frightened submarine about the Western ocean so shocked a certain lieu- tenant commander who happened on the scene in time to see Butts plug a four- inch projectile into the sub with such ef- fect that she blew up in the middle and sank in two sections, that he complained to the Admiral ashore at Queenstown about it as an infringement of privilege.  "I don't mind seeing a freighter fight if she has to, sir," he objected, "but I do think this chap needn't have gone out of his way to run the fish down and to chase it. It's taking chances, after all, sir, and anyway, what are we out there for?"  Being a human being first, the Admiral chuckled.  "I've, heard of Captain Butts before," he said. "If you take my advice, young man, don't tell him your opinion, and, above all, don't get between Captain Butts and the next fish he goes after. He's likely to ram you."  Whereupon, the lieutenant commander came as near a snort as is permissible in the presence of an Admiral, and went off in a huff.  So Captain Butts walked up and down, gnawing on his ungratified desire, until the wireless operator handed him a slip of paper on which were penciled the or-     ders for which he had been waiting. As- sembly in the lower bay was next, and then a procedure of six ships, accom- panied by two destroyers, to the rendez- vous off the Banks, where they were to meet the main convoy. The doughty Captain gave the necessary orders and watched his big ship work her way slowly out of the basin with the help of two fussy but efficient tugs. When she had passed through the Narrows, Butts glanced again at his orders and called Briggs, his mate.  "We may have to drop the hook down the Bay," he said. "Maybe they'll give us the clear signal to keep on out, if the others are ready. Anyway, here are the orders. We're to join the rest at the Banks, take our orders for formation from the Essex and, in the event of an attack in force, scatter and get to port on our own the best way we can, while the snakes look after the subs. Got that?"  Mr. Briggs signifying that he had, Cap- tain Butts snorted and went below to the chart room, where he wedged himself in a corner and read three pages of Plu- tarch's Lives as a sedative. But at the end of the third page, he sent the steward for McPherson, and when that calm per- son appeared, wiping his hands on a piece of waste, Butts motioned him to a seat.  "I've been thinking about our cargo, Mac," he said. "I'm inclined to think there's more in what you said than per- haps you've any idea of."  "Ye surprise me, now," remarked the engineer with a wry grin.  "Possibly," replied Butts with a frown, "but as that happens so often you'll not mind if it doesn't excite me. Now, listen. You know they're horribly short of cop- per in Germany, of course, and that they- 'll take desperate chances to get some. I'm not foolish enough not to know that they come pretty close to getting a line on every cargo that steams out of these ports, and that we can't do anything to stop it. What's to prevent them having a try for us?"