100 Carlotta Advises   "I haven't anything," Camilla flung at her, and was amazed at the wave of color that surged up her sister's throat. "It was dull before. Then Cedric's coming made it--ugly. Oh, I hadn't meant to tell you. There's no use. And I prom- ised Cedric." She flung out her arms half despairingly and crossed the room. Looking back, she saw Carlotta sitting quietly, her chin propped on her hands, in an attitude as unstudied as a man's.  "I suppose Cedric means to do the decent thing by you," she said, "once John gets his divorce?"  Camilla winced a little at the word. It was the first time she had allowed it to enter her thoughts, and while she ad- mitted it, she found herself hating it.  "I suppose John will divorce me," she said slowly. "Just now--nothing mat- ters except that I'd be free."  "John will divorce you," Carlotta ob- served coolly. "Once you're gone, you never can come back. He isn't the sort to welcome a Magdalen. Nor William, either. What will you do with life, Ca- milla?"  "How do I know? How does anyone know? You can't think of life tout d'une piéce"  "You can consider the possible re- sults," Carlotta said sharply. "You've plans, haven't you? You'll have to talk fast, Milla. I'm leaving at six."  "Six? Then I could catch the early train and have dinner with Cedric?"  "Would he be expecting you?"  "I was to meet him at the boat? That's where I'm sending the boxes. The boat's sailing at ten--for South America. We'll spend the winter in Montevideo, I think. Cedric wants to finish his new book by spring. Then on--Japan, India-"  "You can't travel forever."  "We'll settle down after a year or so. Paris, perhaps. Cedric does his best work in a crowd."  "Of course, you know you're making a fool of yourself," Carlotta said, with less cruelty than sheer thoughtfulness.     For a moment, she sat turning the matter over in her mind. Camilla felt no resent- ment. The understanding between them was too complete for that. After a little, Carlotta began to speak almost tone- lessly, the breaks and pauses between her words more emphatic than the things she said. It was Carlotta's way. She looked at everything from every imagin- able angle.  "Whatever turn life takes, and you're not one to divine life's turns, the thing's likely to be disastrous. You rarely hear of a liaison lasting over six months, and it will take that to get a divorce. Cedric's likely never to marry you--well, suppose he doesn't? You'll be wandering out- laws in the very places where your out- lawry is most easily understood. Those big hotels, Cairo, Paris, London, have the same sophisticated, sharp-eyed people in them. And they've the same sugges- tion of our social order: visiting lists, and caste, and Doucet gowns, and Fri- day fasts. Women like you who've de- fied the same rules, will recognize you. And they'll claim you, too, in a sort of unconventional sisterhood. You'll hate it: Respectability is the one thing women such as you and I care about. It'll be- come so precious in a year or two that you'll steal chances at just looking re- spectable. ... Cedric's sacrificing a good deal. The thing is likely to inter- fere with his success. He'll come to see that. Whatever your relation, it can't be conventional or normal. There is always the past; and even if you marry each other, it will look as if you were afraid he'd escape-- You are so abnormally ex- posed to each other. John and William have rather the habit of regarding us among the furniture. Cedric won't. You'll feel that he's aware of you every moment. The time will come when you will be afraid to talk; and afraid not to, because you have no reason for avoiding it. The little things that protect married people from each other--children, duties, visits, new maids, bores--you won't have.