Robert Campbell 7    Of course, they'll send an officer and a prize crew, and they may try to force some of our men back aboard to work the packet in. I've banked hard on my belief that they wouldn't dare try to tow us, and consequently that they wouldn't risk smashing our engine room or steer- ing gear by a chance shot. When they come aboard, it'll be up to this incom- petent mechanic here and myself to do the rest."  By eleven-thirty, the submarine had closed in enough for a megaphoned or- der in perfect English to reach the Asheville's bridge.  "Heave to, or we'll clear your decks with shrapnel," said the harsh voice; and gradually the Asheville's way ceased un- til she was rolling gently in the swell. There was enough light to see a col- lapsible boat put off from the submarine as she lay a scant hundred yards away. As the collapsible pulled over, the rattle and creak of blocks and the hurrying sounds of departure announced that the Asheville's crew were abandoning ship, and the sounds reached the commander of the sub.  "The schwein are leaving the ship, Heinrich," he observed. "They'll pull south at first, and when we have done what we are to do, we will run down to them and teach them to wait for orders."  The Asheville lay rolling gently on the swells, with a low roaring coming from her exhaust pipes, and clinging to her a deathly silence that spoke eloquently of a helpless and abandoned ship. It seemed to the German officer rowing up to her tall sides that she was a sentient thing, wondering what her masters had done to her, and waiting patiently for some hand to guide her. The depression of abandonment clung to her like a pall.  The German swung himself up into the ship's forechains, cast a hasty look about the deserted decks, and called up five of his men.  "Return and bring the others," he or- dered; and, like a vague shadow, the     small boat left the side of the Asheville. Once more the silence shut down, and then came a splashing from the side op- posite to where the submarine lay. The German officer listened intently and peered over the side, but could see noth- ing, and he returned to the hasty survey of the ship. Ten minutes later, he hailed the sub, reporting that no one remained aboard. And from the darkness there came, very faintly, a sound that might have been a very large pair of porpoises out for a late supper, or a couple of mer- maids on a little job of sirening. The difficulty with these two possibilities was that either the mermaids had learned to swear most accurately, or that one of the porpoises had been raised in Greenock.  The collapsible boat from the sub- marine had just spilled her complement of five men upon the Asheville's deck, when a hairy hand reached out of a port- hole and drove a spare grate bar into it. The boat immediately bore out its name and collapsed completely, leaving' the two ocupants with nothing but some steel plates at which to clutch.  The German officer had his men on the deck, and was assigning them to their duties. There were eleven altogether. Five of them promptly went below to take over the engine room. As they stepped upon the floor plates, they were none too gently seized by some extremely husky naval men and trussed up with a speed that left them wholly unfit for protest of any valid sort.  The remaining proceedings were a trifle more violent. On deck were six Germans, and before they were quite con- scious of what was afoot, there was a rush of men, and they were scientifically, knocked on the head and laid in the scup- pers to reflect upon the folly of counting the contents of the hennery before the eggs have reached maturity. And, in the meantime, in the oily, heaving sea alongside the submarine, lying with her hatches open to the star-dotted sky, the porpoise-mermaids, or mermaid-porpois-