42 Illusions    hard, for me, at least. I knew how mercifully his release would come to him, how every fibre of him would thrill at this escape with honor from his prison. From first to last, he behaved beauti- fully, controlling the savage exultation that strove to find utterance in his voice, avoiding the pretense of resentment and grief which a less sensitive man would have employed as a mask under the cir- cumstances. He was very calm about it, very gentle, not too forgiving toward me, and with no reproach for Marcia.  "We can't help these things," he said philosophically. "I've always been afraid that this would come. You two knew each other so long before I came--you have too much in common. You mustn't be too sorry for me, Marcia. It--it stings, of course, but the real loss of you came long ago--I felt it, even while you tried to hide it from me. I'm sensible enough to know that these wounds heal very nicely."  "Yours is healed now, Porter," Mar- cia spoke softly. "If I had not known that this could not hurt you, I should have played the game out. But it's best for both of us, and your common-sense is telling you so at this very moment. We are cutting the lines before they have degenerated into shackles, before either of us has learned to hate them."  "Yes," Cresson laughed rather harsh- ly. "Yes, that's so, Marcia. We're do- ing that. And, as you say, it may be best for both of us."  He ignored me, except for monosyl- labic answers to direct questions. But when he left us, he shook hands, and I fancied that I felt a faintly grateful pres- sure in his grip. I got away soon after- ward. I dared not trust myself too long in my unsupported role of fatherly guardian and friend.  We managed the details as decently as such things can be managed in a country which demands that its laws be cheated. Marcia went West and when her residence had been established, sued     for divorce on the usual fictitious ground of incompatibility. Naturally, Cresson did not defend the action. He had gone abroad almost at once. This was not surprising; Edith Strang had fled within a week after that night at Loring's. I stayed at home and answered Marcia's letters. She wrote, wonderfully well. I have never found another woman who so fully possessed the fine art of the let- ter. And she innocently twisted the knife in me by writing as if she cared; I could see her, carefully choosing her words like the artist she was, deliberately play- ing her chosen role at long distance. It was not easy to answer in the proper key; I labored over every line I wrote her, during those eight months.  She wired me when the decree was issued. It was a curious message, that breathless string of unpunctuated words. I guessed that she meant it as an invita- tion, but to me it read like a command. I loathe traveling, especially the exag- gerated, Brobdingnagian business of travel as we know it in America--rail- way journeys that are as long, by clock and calendar, as transatlantic voyages, and infinitely longer, so far as the way- farer's endurance is concerned. But I bought my passage and went, obediently, submissively. I had had time to think. I knew quite well that I was being utilized as a sort of living ointment for Porter Cresson's self-esteem. He was tired of his wife; his wife knew it, and wished to give him his freedom; she knew that he would not accept it as a gift, however freely offered. His, pride, his sensitive conception of noblesse oblige, demanded that he stand by his bargain to the end. But to grant her request, to stand back and give her up, magnificently, to the man she preferred, to make her happy and lift his old com- rade, meaning me, to the plane of semi- divinity--here was a heroic part at which his boy's instinct for the limelight snatched greedily. He was Sidney Car- ton, doing his "far, far better thing" with-