The Crisis Th e CRISIS Vol. 9—No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1914 Whole No. 49 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR  TEN CENTS A COPY "Out of the House of Bondage" The latest and greatest book from the pen of PROFESSOR KELLY MILLER "N o man of his race has so sure a power of prunning falacies with passionless intellectual severity."—Boston Transcript. "The man searches deeply into underlying causes."—St. Joseph, Mo., News-Press. " A philosophic treatise."—Charlotte, N . C , Observer. "No student of social conditions of America at the present time will want to fail to see it on his shelves."—Southern Workman. E. -1 $ ^ • 5 242 Pages. Price $1.50. Agents Wanted Everywhere V „ 1 Address: Prof. KELL Y MILLER, Howard University Washington, D. C. A Life of N orris W right C uney By MAUD CUNEY HARE (His Daughter) Would you like to read about a red-blooded man who was one of the great leaders of Negro Americans? Would you like to inspire your children with the life of this "Tribune of the Black People"? 250 pages. Postpaid, $1.50. Best terms to agents. THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue New York City TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY Conducted by W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS AUGUSTUS GRANVILL E DILL, Business Manager Contents Copyrighted, 1914, by the National Association (or the Advancement of Colored People Contents for November, 1914 PICTURES COVER PICTURE, "November." Photograph from life. By L. M. Miner. COLORED Y. M. C. A. BUILDINGS 14, 32, 35 "OUT OF AFRICA HAVE I CALLED MY SON" 26, 27 FOUR COLORED DONORS TO Y. M. C. A. BUILDING FUNDS 34 ARTICLES WHERE DOES YOUR CONGRESSMAN STAND? 22 THE BURDEN OF BLACK WOMEN. A Poem 31 THE COLORED Y. M. C. A. By C. H. Tobias 33 THE GOLDEN-FACED PEOPLE. A Story by Nicholas Vachel Lindsey 36 TWO BOOKS 42 DEPARTMENTS ALONG THE COLOR LINE 7 MEN OF THE MONTH 12 OPINION 15 EDITORIAL 28 THE BURDEN 45 TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : When a subscription blank is attached to this page a renewal of your subscription is desired. The date of the expiration of your subscription will be found on the wrapper. CHANG E OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York, N. Y. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-five years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Opportunity for self-help. Fall Term Began September, 1914. For information address President R. W. McGRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. The Agricultural and Mechanical College Maintained by the governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Open all the year round. For males only. Fall term began September I, 1914. Board, lodging and tuition, $7 per month. Best opportunities for Negro youth. Night school for indigent but ambitious young men. For catalog or further information, address PRESIDENT DUDLEY A. &amp; M. College Greensboro, N. C. MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. College, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding and day school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address. THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 611 N. 43d St. W. Philadelphia, Pa. AVOID BAD SCHOOLS Educate your children at home under our expert teachers [Courses for Adults I Pupils received at any time. Write to Educational Extension School, Box 3194 Station F, Washington, D. C. Highly Endorsed. Financially Responsible. THE GENERAL HOSPITAL SCHOOL FOR NURSES Colored Department Moral atmosphere and home influences. Thoroughly modern training. Eight hour duty. Practical experience under Professional guidance. Laboratory, Surgical, Obstetrical, Medical and Contagious cases. Scientific instruction in Dietetics. Special private nursing. Graduates eligible to State Registration and National Red Cross Nursing Service. Address, MISS HARRIET LECK, Principal. KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI. SPECIAL OFFER A year's subscription will be given free to anyone sending in at one time five paid-up yearly subscriptions to THE CRISIS. This offer holds good until mid-night, December 31, 1914. TH E CRISIS One Dollar A Year 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YOR K Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER The National Religious Training School "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." —REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced co-workers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. For catalog and detailed information address: PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD National Religious Training School Durham, N . C. The school has no endowment fund and must raise a yearly maintenance fund of $15,000 for running expenses. Won't you help us this year? The Cheyney Training School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNSYLVANIA Under the management of the Society of Friends. Beautifully located, healthful, well appointed, and within easy reach of a great variety of educational institutions, public and private, extending from West Chester to Philadelphia; representing a wide range of educational problems and practice. This school offers to young colored men and women who have a reasonable secondary school preparation, and who earnestly desire to become teachers, carefully graded courses in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, manual crafts and agriculture. For teachers of experience and intending teachers it offers also a six weeks' summer-school course during the months of July and August. Tuition is free. Board, lodging, heat, light and laundry privileges are offered for nine months for $100. The charge for the same during the summer-school course is $15. Write for particulars to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal Vtantion TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER OF INTEREST TO VOCAL STUDENTS THE XMAS CRISIS TONE-PLACING AND VOICE - DEVELOPMENT Points explained, viz,: Breath in Singing, Trying the Voice, the Soprano, the Mezzo-Soprano, the Contralto, Tenor Leggiero or High Tenor, the Baritone, the Bass, Parts of the Vocal Apparatus, the Mouth, the Tongue, Position when Practising, Position when Singing, How to Practice, Good Rules for Singing. Comment from the conductor of the Paulist Choristers, the celebrated choral society which received the first prize awarded at the International Singing Contest held in Paris on May 25, 1912: "Dear Mr. Tinsley: "I take great pleasure in commending your very useful and succinctly written book on 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development.' Your own appreciation of the psychology of singing and the fundamental principles of the art you have cleverly reduced to a simple system. Cordially yours, "Father WILLIAM J. FINN, C. S. P., Director Paulist Choristers of Chicago." From "Musical Courier," N. Y.: "A very practical little book is 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development,' by Pedro T. Tinsley. It contains some very excellent material and vocal exercises, and should be in the hands of all vocal students." From "Music News," Chicago, Ill.: "Accordingly his 'Practical Method of Singing' is a most concise and practical little manual, containing many valuable vocal exercises. It cannot fail to be helpful to all ambitious vocal students." HELPED HIM GREATLY "Since I practised your exercises of 'Tone-Placing and Voice-Development' my voice is more resonant than it has been for years. It seems to me that I am getting a new voice." Prof. John T. Layton, Director Coleridge-Taylor Musical Society, 1722 10th St., N. W., Washington, D. C. PRICE $1.00 Address the publisher: Pedro T. Tinsley, 6448 Drexel Ave., Chicago, Ill.; or Clayton F. Summy, 64 E. Van Buren St., or Lyon &amp; Healy, Adams and Wabash Ave., Chicago, Ill. A XMAS GIFT ? What better Xmas gift to your friend than a year's subscription to the CRISI S ? W e have neat and attractive Xmas cards to announce such a gift which we shall be glad to send for the asking. TH E CRISIS One Dollar Per Year 70 FIFTH AVENUE NEW YORK FIRST: a cover in two colors with one of the MOS T BEAU TIFUL ,beautiful if not the most  of the beautiful CRISIS covers: "ANNUNCIATION, " a life study by Battey, the talented artist in photography. SECOND: a remarkable ARTICL E on the scientific meaning of racial differences by one of the greatest living authorities, DR. JACQUE S LOEB , of the Rockefeller Institute. THIRD: aof CHRISTMA S course.  STORY , THE CRISIS CALENDAR At last we have a calendar worthy of The CRISIS and of the Negro race. It has QUOTATIONS from Negro authors for each WEE K in* the year, selected by B. G. BRAWLEY, the foremost of our younger literary men. It has an HISTORIC EVENT of interest to colored Americans for each day in the year, selected by L. M. HERSHAW , the well-known publicist. It has 12 leaves, is printed in two colors on fine paper, 11 by81/2 inches, and sells for only 25 cents. READ Y DECEMBER FIRST. This information is worth passing on to your friends. "A MOTHER'S LOVE" is the title of one of our five new Negro pictures, just off the press. It portrays a beautiful young colored mother fondling her sturdy babe. Painted in 12 colors it is rich and elegant and every home should have a copy hanging on its wall. Write us for description of our new pictures and terms to agents. For 15 cents in stamps we will send a sample copy of "A JOYFUL WELCOME INTO HEAVEN", the picture which our agents have sold 25,000 copies of during the past few months. AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE ^The Douglas Specialties Co. Department K 3548 Vernon Avenue, :: Chicago, Ill. (Trade Mark) Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS Vol. 9 -No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1914 Whole No. 49 ALONG THE COLOR LINE MUSIC AND ART Mr. RICHARD B. HARRISON gave a series of recitals in Boston, New York and Philadelphia. His programs included scenes from "The Merchant of Venice," "Julius Caesar," "Macbeth," and "Damon and Pythias." &lt;[ The Music School Settlement for Colored People, formerly at 257 West 134th St., New York, has removed to larger quarters at 4 and 6 West 131st Street. J. Rosamond Johnson, the well-known composer, is general supervisor and there is room for 500 students. &lt;J The choir of the Towne Avenue A . M . E . Church of Los Angeles, Cal., gave in September their third annual recital. The supplemented chorus of 150 voices, drawn from several of the church choirs of the city, was assisted by an orchestra of 13 instruments with pipe organ and piano. This choir and the baritone, Mr. Emanuel Hall, are said to be in constant demand by both white and colored religious organizations in and- about the city of Los Angeles. Mr. William M. Bynum is the director and Mr. Elmer C. Bartlett, organist. &lt;J On Wednesday night, August 26th, a pantomime and poses were given before a large audience at St. Paul A. M. E. Church, Washington, Pa. The undoubted artistic and financial success of the entertainment was due to the management of Mrs. E. R. Butler, wife of the pastor of the St. Paul A. M. E. Church. Mrs. Butler secured the services of Miss Hallie Q. Brown for the training of 32 young women who took part in the entertainment. &lt;J During the month of August in the auditorium of the Arizona School of Music at Phoenix, Ariz., a company composed of colored amateur players assisted by pupils of the U . S. Indian School, gave an interesting performance of Shakespeare's Richard III. before a large mixed audience. The Arizona Gazette says of the performance: "The performers were letter perfect in their several parts and rendered the difficult lines with dignity and a large measure of appreciation, and the keen understanding of the play was a credit to performers and audience alike. The leading role was acceptably filled by James H . Robinson, who staged the play and conducted the rehearsals." IJ The Music Department of Wiley University, Marshall, Texas, has secured the services of Carl Diton as director of music. Mr. Diton will have charge of one of the best music schools of the southwest, the faculty of which comprises five teachers representing New England Conservatory, Oberlin Conservatory, Wiley and Fisk Universities. Mr. Diton is well known as a pianist in the East. &lt;J Mme. Viola Spikes-Kitchen, a pianist of Los Angeles, Cal., gave a piano recital at Bethel A . M . E. Church, Dallas, Texas, on September 29th. &lt;I The Saxaphone Trio, composed of three colored young men of Lexington, Ky., was one of two dance orchestras engaged to play for the Louisville Hop Club, an exclusive social club of Louisville, Ky., at their dance given on September 11th. The second orchestra, composed of seven pieces from the Majestic Theatre, was to play alternately THE 8 with the Trio. After the first numbers of the program, a general demand was made for Goodwin's Saxaphone Trio alone, to the retirement of the white orchestra. The Saxaphone Trio was engaged later for the coming Christmas dance. &lt;J "Burkes and Arbuckle Company" is the name of an enterprising firm of music publishers, composed of colored men of Boston, Mass. An anthem "I Will Extol Thee," by Mrs. Lillian Irene Harding of Cambridge, Mass., is one of their latest publications. *J Mr. Sidney Woodward, tenor, of Atlanta, Ga., one of the foremost singers of the race, was heard in an interesting song recital at Ebenezer Church, Boston, Mass., on September 23d. q Miss C. Delpha Boger. teacher of music of the State College, Orangeburg, S. C , was heard both in recital and private musicales in Boston, Mass., during the summer months. Miss Boger possesses a voice which gives much pleasure and is a singer of rich imagination and understanding. SOCIAL UPLIFT R. CHARLES EDW. RUSSELL'S book on Wendell Phillips has been delayed on account of his absence in Europe. The publisher expects to issue it in January. q St. Mark's M. E. Church. X. T. C, has dedicated a new $50,000 parish house. This house will provide baths, billiard rooms and quarters for the pastor's family. C| The Governor of Virginia has designated a bank to hold the $55,000 appropriation made by Congress for an emancipation exposition. The exposition will be held at Fort Lee and will be chiefly agricultural. q The Oklahoma State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met at E l Reno. Mrs. Judith Horton of Guthrie was elected president and Mrs. Sadie E. Carey of Guthrie, chairman of the executive board. The retiring president was presented with a memorial and made permanent chairman of a legislative committee which is pushing a bill to establish a reformatory for colored children in the state. q The baseball team of the 25th infantry has won the inter-regimental baseball pennant at Schofield Barracks, Hawaiia. q Kansas City has a federation of colored charity with a white and colored board which is to raise $7,500 a year for charitable work. CRISIS q The Wissahickon School Club, a colored organization of Philadelphia, has been suc cessful in athletics, beating the Germantown Boys' Club, a white organization, and one of the largest of its kind. The colored boys won 16 medals, 1 running suits, 1 gold watch and 4 silver cups. q Indianapolis has one colored fire com pany, No. 16, established at Ashland Ave nue and 16th Street. &lt;J A new colored business directory of Phil adelphia has been published. q The Association for the care of Colored Orphans of Philadelphia, has purchased five acres of land at Cheney, Pa. They will build there an administration building and two cottages at the cost of $35,508. q A colored neighborhood association was formed in New York at a recent meeting in the Harlem branch of the Public Library. This association is the first of a series that will be launched later, through different parts of the city. &lt;J As soon as a suitable farm site is selected the Mercy Hospital for colored people will be moved from Philadelphia into the coun try where the facilities for outdoor treat ment will be much greater. This hospital will have an entire colored corps. q Mrs. Herman Goller, a while woman of Philadelphia, inherited $60,000 from her father who made this money on a tobacco plantation in the South with colored labor ers chiefly. He stipulated in his will that she should use the money for the uplift of colored people and, in order to do this, she is building houses in good neighborhoods and renting or selling to colored people. She recently rented a $7,500.00 house in a white neighborhood to a well-known colored family. The neighbors are very indignant. q The report of the two colored branch libraries in Louisville, Ky., shows that 85,985 volumes were circulated during the past year, an increase of 13,763 over last year. Two hundred and ninety meetings were held in the assembly' room. q The colored people of Harlem are be ginning to protest again against the license allowed to certain dens of vice in their midst. A deputation has waited on the po lice and one thorough raid by the police has been made. q A colored porter by his coolness during a fire in the subway in New York City was the means of saving the lives of more than one hundred panic stricken passengers. He ALONG THE COLOR LINE stood his ground calmly and directed them to safety. •I Mr. Charles Burroughs announces a recital of poetry and verse of contemporary American and British authors at the Berkeley Theatre, New York City, on November 6th. The program will include examples of the work of Robert Service, Henry Van Dyke, Alfred Noyes, Madison Cawein, and others. &lt;| Miss May Miller, the fifteen-year-old daughter of Prof. Kelly Miller of Howard University, won first prize for the best essay and drawing on "Animal Pets" offered by the Washington Post. This contest was open to all persons under seventeen years of age. Miss Irene Miller, a younger daughter, won the prize for the first correct answer to the puzzle published in the Children's Number of TH E CRISIS. The answers were: WORD SQUARE: RHYMED ENIGMA: Card Douglass Aria Rill CHARADE: Dale Night mare NUMERICAL EXIGMA : Make hay while the sun shines. A half dozen other correct answers were received but Miss Miller's was the first. m ECONOMICS TH E Savannah Tribune has published a thirtieth anniversary edition of 32 pages giving an excellent history of the colored churches, schools and fraternal orders in the city. A colored broker in Baltimore estimates that the colored people of that city own property worth between seven and ten millions. C| The Pioneer Building and Loan Association of Philadelphia has increased its investment assets in the last ten years from $27,563 to $71,805. &lt;J Various colored commercial enterprises in Mississippi are in financial difficulties, among them the bank in the colored town of Mound Bayou which has closed its doors. . m EDUCATION TH E city of Atlanta has abolished the double session in the white schools but the colored schools still have two sessions a day and even then cannot accomodate the pupils. ^ The Jeanes' Fund co-operated last year with 118 county school superintendents in 12 states. The supervising teachers visited 2,853 schools and raised $65,413. &lt;| A new public school for colored children, valued at $100,000, was opened in Savannah, Ga., on October 1. (J John Henry Lewis received the M. A. degree at the summer convocation of Chicago University. Mr. Lewis graduated from Yale in the spring. &lt;I Colored people of Caroline County, Va., have built three two-room graded schools, costing $1,200 each, and one three-room school, costing $1,800, in the past two years. At present they are constructing two schools worth $1,200 and one worth $2,500. Six of these schools will receive $22 from the state and the seventh $100. &lt;J The Mother Superior of the Sisterhood of the Blessed Sacrament has opened a parochial school in the Harlem district of New York City, which will accommodate 360 colored boys and girls. The Mother Superior was formerly Miss Katherine Drexel, daughter of the Philadelphia banker. She has founded sixteen schools for Negroes and Indians. &lt;fl The boys' dormitory of Miles Memorial College in Birmingham, Ala., was recently destroyed by fire. MEETINGS ' THE Biennial Movable Committee of the Odd Fellows met in Boston during the week of September 13. Edward H . Morris was re-elected Grand Master. The parade, which was the largest of its kind ever given by colored people in Boston, was participated in by 6,000 men, the majority of whom were in uniform, tj The colored Baptists of Iowa and Nebraska held their annual convention in September at Des Moines. &lt;]| Colored fairs were held in many parts of the South during October. &lt;][ The City Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met in Chicago. There were 275 women representing 52 clubs. They voted to join the United Charities. &lt;J At a meeting of the Equal Eights Convention in New York Mr. J. E. Spingarn said: "I am tired unto death of hearing some of your leaders repeat that you have TH E CRISIS bothered too much about rights and too little about duties. This sharp distinction between rights and duties is an illusion; for how can you perform any duty without its corresponding privileges'? How can you perform the duties of a citizen for example, unless you have the right to perform them? No, we believe in the rights of all men, and by 'rights' we mean that combination of privilege and obligation which makes up the rounded life of citizens and of men." CHURCH TH E National Baptist Convention had a stormy time in Philadelphia but seems after all to have made progress. The Home Mission Board was separated from the Publishing Board and placed under Dr. Joseph A. Booker, of Little Rock, Ark. The Publishing Board under Dr. R. H . Boyd was brought into closer connection with the National Convention by being placed under a committee. Finally the crying evil of electing the president of the Convention by acclamation without giving the delegates a chance to vote is to be done away with after this year. &lt;J The thirtieth annual conference of (Episcopal) Church Workers among Colored People was held in New York City, with a number of delegates from various parts of the country. tfl The Provident Baptist Church of Los Angeles, under the Pastortate of the Rev. Al fred C. Williams, has bought a new edifice which will be an institutional church. «J The First Calvary Baptist Church of Norfolk, Va., is doing notable work in social uplift among the colored people. &lt;J The St. James Colored Presbyterian Church of New York City has broken ground for the erection of a .$63,000 edifice on West 137th Street. It is planned to have a gymnasium, and a roof garden. &lt;J The colored women of the Baptist Church raised last year $19,171 for the training school at Washington. Local societies raised $17,087 for stale missions and education, making $36,558 for the year. POLITICS IN the recent primary of the Republican party in Chicago two colored men, Major R. R. Jackson and A. H. Roberts, were nominated for the legislature. q Mr. Caveness of E l Paso, Texas, has been appointed on the Grand Jury of that county. CJ Two hundred colored men met in Birmingham to protest against their exclusion from the councils of the Republican party. &lt;J Mrs. Mary C. Byron, a juvenile court worker in Chicago, has been sent by the National American Woman Suffrage Association to campaign among the colored people of Missouri on behalf of the 13th amendment, the amendment which would bring about suffrage in that state. Mrs. Byron is the only colored organizer sent into any of the seven campaign states by the women suffragists. m PERSONAL MR. GEORGE F. BETTS, for 50 years head waiter at Young's Hotel, Boston, Mass., died recently. He was perhaps the best known man in his profession. &lt;I William E. Scott the colored artist of Indianapolis won the grand prize for a painting at the Indiana State Fair, and also a third prize and a prize for general excellence. CJ Major C. A. Fleetwood of Washington, D. C , is dead. He was a veteran of the civil war and well known in social circles. &lt;J Dr. W. R. Pettiford, founder and president of the oldest Negro bank in America, died recently. q Lieut.-Col. Allen Allensworth of California was recently killed by a motor cycle. He was a former chaplain in the U. S. army, tj Isaac Fisher, editor of the Negro Farmer, published at Tuskegee Institute, has made a remarkable record in the winning of prizes for tersely and pointedly-put comments on various topics. His last exploit was the taking of a prize of $500 offered by Everybody's Magazine for an essay on "What We've Learned About Rum." There were 0,000 competitors, including Congressman Hobson of Alabama. &lt;I David H . Clarke who was accidently killed in the Canal Zone was a prominent member of various colored orders. &lt;J John Woodson, a colored man, has been appointed to the New York Fire Department and assigned to duty in Brooklyn. m FOREIGN 'TMI E South African natives in an appeal to the English Parliament show in an astonishing way the confiscation of their land ALONG THE COLOR LINE by the English. They say that in the Union of South Africa 1,250,000 whites own 264,000,000 acres of land, while the 4,500,000 natives have only 21,000,000 acres. &lt;J Because of the scarcity of colored teachers in the Transvaal, South Africa, a number of the colored schools have had to close. Almost nothing is done for the training of teachers in that state. m THE GHETTO BY a decision of the court the Richmond, Va., colored ghetto has been slightly enlarged by the inclusion of North Fifth Street. &lt;J Some white people in Cincinnati have been greatly incensed because a capable and intelligent colored woman was temporarily made a teacher of white deaf mutes. •J An attempt to segregate Miss Adelaide Cook, grand daughter of the late John F. Cook of Washington, D. C, and another colored girl, in the girls' dormitory at Cornell led to an appeal to the N. A. A. C. P. President Schurman assures us that exact justice will be done. «J The 24th infantry of the U. S. Army is stationed at Corregidor, P. I. They have recently built a post exchange but contrary to custom not a single one of the enlisted men has been given employment in the exchange. (f The Pullman Company has filed a statement with the railway commission of California, declaring that the average wages of the porters is $32.85 a month. It goes on to declare: "In no business does the employer pay his or its employees more than is demanded nor more than would be necessary to secure other equally competent persons for the work. There is no demand by the sleeping car employees of this company that their pay be increased, and it is not believed that an increase of wages, or prohibition of tips, or either or both, would materially lessen the tips given to porters by the traveling public." q Mrs. A . M . Sweet, a white resident of Philadelphia, has asked Court No. 1 for an injunction against the Citizens Republican Club. This club is a well known colored organization whose home is next door to Mrs. Sweet's house. She has asked that the club be declared an "unbearable nuisance." q A white minister was scheduled to preach at a colored church in Hanover, Va., but his congregation objected and he gave up the appointment. q A Negro Morals Commission of Minne apolis, Minn., has been trying in vain to have two low dives closed where vicious col ored people are allowed to congregate. q White people of Louisville, Ky., have asked the Board of Park Commissioners to have the lawn tennis courts in Shawnee Park now used by colored people closed. THE COURTS Another test of the Baltimore segre gation law will be made in the courts on account of a Jew who has moved into Etting Street where there are no white inhabitants. q In Philadelphia the manager of a moving picture show on Columbia Ave., together with his special officer and chief usher ejected and seriously injured Miss Madeline Davis last March because she refused to take a special seat. The case was carried to court and recently each of the defendants was fined $50 and costs. Judge Bonniwell said to the culprits, "I am ashamed to class you as men." q The segregation ordinances of Virginia are before the Supreme Court of that state. q The Supreme Court of Virginia has decided that it is not a slander to call a white man a Negro. q The Supreme Court of North Carolina has decided that the four Johnson children cannot attend the white schools of Wilson County because they have one-sixteenth of Negro blood. CRIME DURIN G the month of September there has been one Negro lynched: Nathan Brown hung by a mob for alleged murder in Rochelle, Ga. &lt;J Lawrence Avery was killed September 21 at Columbus, Ohio, while in company with Mrs. Ida Hoolihan. Mrs. Hoolihan accused two unknown colored men and the police immediately arrested W. II. Deonsbuy. Since Avery's death the woman has confessed that he was killed by her husband. q A colored bishop and several colored men of prominence accused of arson at Asheville, N . C , have been promptly acquitted by the court. 72S&amp;72 MEN OF THE MONTH A COLLEGE PRESIDENT THE promotion of Professor John M . Gandy to the presidency of Virginia Normal and Industrial Institute is a merited distinction and marks the inevitable rise of the hard student and energetic worker. President Gandy began his education in his native state, Mississippi, and later spent two years in the preparatory school at Oberlin College. He received the degree of Bachelor of Arts from Fisk University in 1898, and through further study won the degree of Master of Arts from the same institution in 1901. He studied in the Columbia University Summer School in 1905 and did seven years of home study work in philosophy and education under the direction of the Illinois Wesleyan University. Becoming a teacher in the state school of Virginia when college courses were offered he was for three years Professor of Latin and Greek, and when the collegiate department was eliminated became Professor of Education, in which capacity he served three years. During the entire period of his connection with the school Professor Gandy has been active in every phase of educational work in the state and lie is personally known to a larger number of Virginia citizens than is any other man connected with the school. For some years and until recently he was instructor in two Summer Normal Schools of the stale; he organized the teachers of his own county into a Teachers' Association and was the first president of the organization; he was influential in organizing the educational forces in several counties and in securing industrial supervisors; he lias been interested in the organization of Farmers' Conferences and was the founder of the Conference in Chesterfield County; he has kept active the intellectual life among his fellow teachers at the State Normal School through a Teachers' Reading Circle in which he was the moving spirit; for two years he was president of the State Teachers' Association. Perhaps Professor Gandy is most widely known for his work as executive secretary of the Negro Organization Society of Virginia. Working with the president of this organization, Major R. R. Moton of Hampton Institute, he has for two years been the most effective force in the state, among Negroes, for creating- and promoting a general interest in education, for improving health conditions through education, for securing co-operation among farmers, and for waging a campaign for better homes and better morals. This work carried him into every section of the state and served largely to qualify him for his new responsibilities. President Gaudy's broad formal prepara- PRSSIDENT J. M. GANDY MEN OF THE MONTH DR. M. B. LUCAS tion, extensive experience, full knowledge of educational conditions and needs in Virginia, remarkable constructive ability, and large following among all classes of people of the state combine to make his selection to till the place to which he has been called a happy one. A WOMAN PHYSICIAN MRS. MARIE P.. LUCAS, M.D., from the Howard University Medical College, class 1014, has been announced by the District of Columbia Board of Medical Examiners as having passed with credit the examination held by them last month for license to practice medicine in the District. There is probably no graduate of this year's classes of Howard in whom the people of Washington are more deeply or more lovingly interested than in this rare example of true and courageous womanhood. Dr. Lucas was formerly a Washington public school teacher. She has the distinction of being the only woman In graduate from the Medical Department this year. Her record during the four years' course was among the highest; and last year she was SERGEANT WILLIAM PAYNE awarded the Perry prize in pediatrics. She is the wife of M. Grant Lucas, Principal of the Bruce School, Washington. Their only son, Frank V. Lucas, has been promoted to the third-year class of the M Street High School. m THREE CAPTAINS OF VOLUNTEERS ON May 25, 1014, a Board of Examiners. consisting of five United States Army Officers met at Fort Huachuca, Arizona, and examined four soldiers of the 10th United States Cavalry for the office of Captain of United States Volunteers. The examination extended over a period of thirteen days, consisting of arithmetic, geography, grammar, history, army regulations, guard manual, Held service regulations, topography, military law, international law, infantry drill regulations, cavalry drill regulations, hippology, manual of court-martial, military appearance and bearing, and general fitness for the position of Captain of Volunteers. All of the candidates passed good examinations, making a general average above 80 per cent, The names of the candidates arc as follows: Sergeant Major E. P. Frierson and Com TH E CRISIS SERGEANT E. P. FRIERSON missary Sergeant W. W. Thompson, of the 10th U. S. Cavalry; Quartermaster Sergeant William Payne, Quartermaster Corps, and Ordinance Sergeant Stephen T. Bandy, U . S. Army. All of these except the last one were colored. Sergeant Major Frierson is a veteran of the 10th Cavalry, having been in the service over twenty-two years and enjoys the highest confidence of his superior officers as a noncommissioned officer. He is capable, trustworthy, neat, competent and has a thorough knowledge of administrative functions of a regiment. SERGEANT W. W. THOMPSON COLORED Y. M. C A., COLUMBUS, GA. THE PHILADELPHIA COLORED Y M C A(SEE PAGE 33) COST $110,000 (SEE PAGE 33) ' ' ' OPINION THE WORLD WAR „ . The Northern Budget of THE COLOR LINE Troy, N. Y., says: " 'Colored Help Wanted.' It is not too much to say that the various warring nations of Europe have hung out this sign. All the principal nations engaged in the war have foreign colonies, and it is not to be wondered at that the suggestion was made at home that it would be well to save as many native subjects as possible and to put into the war such of the colonists as were available." This has brought the inevitable color prejudice to the fore. The German Ambassador has announced to the United States that he is "unconditionally opposed" to the use of colored troops. The New York World replies: "This is a curious prejudice on the part of the diplomatic representative of a Government that is seeking to bring Turkey into the conflict and trying to persuade the Turk to instigate a 'holy war' in Egypt and India against all non-Mohammedans. "When Germany went to war with the British Empire she must have expected to fight the British Empire, and not merely a selected part of the population the color of whose skin happened to meet the approval of Berlin. "It is natural enough that Great Britain should bring up her Indian troops, who, by the way, are as completely identified with the Aryan race as the Prussians. But no matter what their race may be, they are part of the empire and part of Great Britain's regular military power. "I f Germany were at war with the United States her troops would have to meet our Negro cavalry, than whom there are no better soldiers in uniform. "German denunciation of the Indian troops is as futile as German denunciation of the Japanese as "yellow-bellies." It is too late to draw the color line in war. That line was erased more than fifty years ago by Abraham Lincoln in that noble letter to the Springfield Convention : 'And there will be some black men who can remember that, with silent tongue and clenched teeth and steady eye and well-poised bayonet, they have helped mankind on to this great consummation.' " The Aga Kahn spiritual head of many million East Indians declares as a reason for the Indians lack of sympathy with Germany : "Many of my fellow-countrymen have been in Africa and seen the German administration in the east and southwest African colonies. They know what the Germanization of India would mean, and they know, too, that if England were driven out of India, Germany, should she be successful in this war, would step in." Perhaps the most cutting criticism of the American attitude came from the Turkish Ambassador in defending his country from the charges of cruelty and barbarism. He said: "Since a large number of American papers are siding with Great Britain and France in this affair, I will permit myself to say that the thought of the lynchings which occur daily in the United States and the memory of the 'water cures' in the Philippines should make them chary of attacking Turkey in connection with acts of savagery committed by her under provocation, compared with which the economic competition of an Italian, or the sniping of a Filipino, or even the outrage of a Negro are as nothing." This statement has annoyed both the President and Mr. Hearst's Chicago Examinar. The latter says: "That Rustem Bey, the Turkish Ambassador, should abandon Washington after likening our occasional lynchings to the 16 THE reign of terror in the Turkish Balkans is a fortunate ending to that incident." But the Independent acknowledges our guilt: "That this is a barbarous country, in spots is undeniable when we learn that in 1913 as many as 79 colored men and women were killed by mobs, lynched without trial. The crimes charged against them were various, some serious, others trivial. Some of the victims were doubtless innocent. The figures prove a shocking degree of barbarism to exist with us; and the only relief we find is that there is a pretty steady decrease in the number. In 1892 there were 155 lynched, and 154 the next year. At this rate of decrease we may be quite civilized 20 years from now. There have been only 22 lynchings in the first six months of the present year." And the Boston Traveler and Evening Herald adds: "Here is a record of atrocities for which we venture to say no parallel can be found in any of the 'barbarous' nations now at war, and compared with which the atrocities charged against the German soldiers would appear for the most part as trilling indiscretions incident to the heat of war. "Before we throw any more stones at the Germans, let us be sure we are not living in a glass house. If war is what Sherman said if was, it is natural to expect a few human devils in an army of three or four millions of men engaged in deadly conflict ; but who would expect to find mobs of human devils at work in times of peace at the very feet of Liberty Enlightening the World? "Meantime, we should like to direct the at tention of Mr. Wilson and the southern gen tlemen who sit in the saddle at Washington to this paragraph from an address to the people of the United Slales issued by our colored brethren at their recent convention in New York City : "'Let the American people, and especially the President, in view of the bloody war of all Europe and the probable grant of free dom to Ireland and suffrage to women, free dom to the Poles and Finns and relief from segregation and political disabilities for the Jews, induced by the needs of warring na tions, remember that TWELVE MILLION NATIVE CITIZENS IN THIS COUNTRY ARE WORSE PROSCRIBED THAN THOSE OF EUROPE. We appeal to President Wilson to tree colored Americans CRISIS from Jim-Crow cars, disfranchisement, lynching and segregation, especially under the federal government at the federal capital, now, rather than await some awful war here.' " Even the New Orleans Item is getting a bit peeved and says: "Several recent lynchings in Mississippi and Louisiana give evidences of a savagery beyond excuse." The Des Moines (la.) Register and Leader publishes a letter in which the writer says: "Andersonville was simply a demonstration of the fiendishness that existed in all of that part of the country known as 'the south,' and engendered by three centuries of the institution of slavery, and which exists to-day in somewhat less degree. But a few months since the writer had occasion to take a seventeen-mile ride in a 'mail hack' in 'border state,' in a county where no Negro is allowed to 'alight.' In course of the ride there was a discussion of the Negro question, in which I asked what would be done in case a respectable, educated Negro with good character should buy a farm in that county and move in. The only other passenger said, 'Damm him, we would lynch him before mo'nin.' The driver, who was son of a 'county judge,' said, 'We would strip him, tie him to a tree, slit his skin into strips one inch wide, take off one at a time, and then pile brush about him and fire it.' This is but a late day expression of the same civilization that was responsible for Andersonville and was not war." Mr. Stansberry Boyce, Washington, D. C , sends us these notes on the war: "Leopold left a legacy to he paid by the Belgians for the inhuman slaughter and mutilations of the inoffensive inhabitants of Congo in his greed for rubber. "Esconced far to the North of Europe it might never have been the opportunity of any future African king to enforce payment hut God moves in a mysterious way and the Belgians now know what it is to murder a harmless people at their own firesides. "Wil l the Canadians refuse to fight alongside the East Indian whom they would not acknowledge as a part of the human family and were forbidden to enter Canada as also were the West Indian Negroes? "The Africans and their descendants in America have proven to the world that they did not lack courage and military ardor. This the French have recognized by enlisting OPINION them in their present struggle. We hope for the sake of the Africans that they will give a good account of themselves, but the colored race is like the Irish who arc invincible in lighting for other nations but not for themselves." m SEGREGATION Mr Booker B. T. WASHINGTON'S- Washing- ton's endeavor to in- ADVICE duce colored people to stop fighting segregation ordinances has brought bitter retorts from colored papers. The Columbian Herald of Louisville, Ky., calls it "obsequious doctrine" and says: "When Booker Washington advises the delegates to the Xegro Business League to cease fighting segregation laws and to devote themselves to acquiring wealth and intelligence, he was simply advocating his propaganda which he has been preaching tor the past quarter of a century, viz., 'The line of the least resistance,' or to state it more accurately, "no resistance at all.' "It is this obsequious doctrine that has resulted in growing up a generation of moral cowards among the Negroes of this country. This teaching of his has brought about a condition of economic serfage that has well nigh sapped all the manhood and darkened the hopes and stiffened the ennobling aspirations of the Negroes for fifty years. It is to be very much regretted that a man of such commanding opportunity and wide influence in his day and generation should be so servile and spineless in his teachings. "It is this very damaging doctrine that has brought about the unbearable and humiliating conditions of jim crowism, disfranchisement and segregation, which may be regarded as 'the unkindest of all.' " The Louisville News says: "It is inconceivable that one who occupies so prominent a position in the Afro-American world should so far forget his position and his dignity as to urge his race to cease protesting against the most cowardly and humiliating legislation in the land. '•If is safe to say that segregation has many champions even among our race, but almost without exception they are to be found among the element where there is the least intelligence and where there is an inherent fear of opposing anything the white man chooses to do. But here we are smitten from an unexpected quarter; a recognized leader of his race, an educator, tells us to forget our manhood; to forget the sacred amd inalienable 'rights of political and per sonal liberty and to passively submit in the humiliation of being pushed aside as though we arr a race of lepers, because we would seek cleaner and healthier neighborhoods in which to live. "To submit to a degradation without serious objection is worse than cowardly; it is unmanly and ignoble and any race Unit would do so without exhausting every means of moral and legal protest is unworthy of the name of civilized. Segregation is wrong, wrong in principle and fact ; and, if Dr. Washington believes it is wrong, as we think he does, it is to be deeply regretted that he lacks the moral stamina to say so. "It is obvious even to the friends and supporters of Dr. Washington, that if he is quoted accurately, he cannot in the future be regarded as being in sympathy with the Afro-American who places his self-respect and manhood, above everything else, and who is not willing to sacrifice either for the sake of living on more congenial terms with his white brother." In striking contrast to Mr. Washington's advice the Rev. Quincy Ewing, a white southern minister of Mississippi, lays bare the whole inner meaning of segregation ami "Jim-Crow" legislation. "Consider further that, while no Xegro, no matter what his occupation, or personal refinement, or intellectual culture, or moral character, is allowed to travel in a pullman car between state lines, or to enter as a guest at hotel patronized by white people, the blackest of Xegro nurses and valets are given food and shelter in all first-class hotels, and occasion neither disgust nor surprise in the Pullman cars. Here again the heart of the race problem is laid bare. The black nurse willi a white baby in her arms, the black valet looking after the comfort of a white invalid, have the label of their inferiority conspicuously upon them; they understand themselves, and everybody understand them, to be servants, enjoying certain privileges fur the sake of the person served. Almost anything the Negro may do in the South, and anywhere he may go, provided the manner of his doing and his going is that of an inferior. Such is the premium put upon his inferiority; such his inducement to maintain it." A correspondent writes us: 18 THE "Booker T. Washington's advice to the Negroes concerning the Segregation Laws, is like advising the poor downtrodden Negro not to even try to get out of the hole he is in, but make the hole bigger and live in it." The Cleveland Gazette says: "The race can produce a dozen 'big, definite pieces of constructive work,' get education, religion, money, etc., and Dr. Washington and every one else knows that 'race prejudice'—segregation and other forms of racial discrimination—will NOT disappear in any appreciable degree. If we want our rights and proper treatment, we must fight for them just as every other race in the history of the world, worthy of them, has to do. It is the height of folly and positively silly for any one to preach any other 'doctrine.' Of course, the prejudiced South and its northern sympathizers will 'pat Dr. Washington on the back,' continue to make his trips for his school, throughout the country, profitable, and to try to make our people accept him as our national leader, just as long as he continues to preach his infamous 'doctrine of surrender' and endeavor to make us 'ground arms' in the effort to enforce our rights, under the law; but are we fools enough to do so? We hope not. It is little less than an outrage for him to give that advice to the League, and make such a talk as that at Philadelphia, with our people in Louisville, Ky., and several other points in the South, and the North, too, fighting desperately against segregation and kindred evils. Dr. Washington has done more by such talks to promote disfranchisement, 'jim-crow' street and railroad cars and segregation in the South, and dozens of kinds of racial discrimination in public places, in the North, than almost all other agencies against us combined. Nothing is so dangerous as the enemy within. It is high time that the manly, among our educated and leading men and women, were speaking out in the open and ceasing their cowardly sulking for fear of personal harm. Slowly but surely is the 'doctrine of surrender' taking-bold of our masses, making a cowardly, hopeless mass of humanity that are anything but the MEN and WOMEN Douglass, Langston, Lynch, Bruce. Garrison, Phillips, Love-joy, and the host of others, most of whom have gone, worked and fought so long for. As a matter of fact tremendous pressure is put upon Mr. Washington by the white South. Whenever for a moment he tries to CRISIS stand up for the rights of his race the white South proceeds to hammer at him. When, for instance, he recently made a very mild appeal for better accommodations on railroads, the August Chronicle said: "Washington's program in the past led him away from 'rights' like this. For the Negro he has sought 'rights' to labor, behave and acquire property. "The longer the Negro avoids crusades for such things as parlor car and lower berth accommodations and the more diligently that he eschews politics, the better bis chances for progress. It would be to the Negro's advantage if he was not allowed to vote at all. Booker may as well be reminded that the white men and women passengers are not to sleep in the same Pullmans -with black men and women passengers. Also, that the railroads are not going to put on special Pullmans for the blacks. Also, that what is here said is true of the white people of the North, the East and the West, as well as of the white people of the South. "Booker was more level-headed before than he is since he dined at the white house." What earthly reason is there in trying to cater to and humiliate oneself before people who talk and think like this"? THE SUFFRAGE The Macon (Ga.) WOMEN AND NEGKOES Daily Telegraph "Eight thousand Negro Baptists, representing 2,500,000 members of their race in the United States, at a convention of their church in Philadelphia, have declared themselves 'heartily in favor of the woman suffrage movement.' The Philadelphia Record quotes the presiding officer. Rev. E. C. Morris, of Montana, as saying that the woman suffrage movement is based on an injustice from which his race has suffered greatly— 'taxation without representation.' The only other utterance quoted from the same speaker reads as follows: " 'The capital of our nation is a hotbed of race hatred and from there it will continue to spread to all sections of the country until Negro men shall be permitted to re-enter congress and speak for themselves. Why should 10,000,000 people be denied representation in the highest law-making body of the land? Why should matters be so manipulated as to close West Point and Annapolis OPINION to educated and patriotic young Negro men, who are anxious to be trained in military science for the good of their country'?' "The account before us is brief and unsatisfactory, but it is at least clear that the members of this convention wish it understood that the down-trodden American Negro sympathizes with the down-trodden American woman, and that the emancipation of the latter is expected to unshackle the former and send him straightway to Congress." This, of course, does not at all suit the Telegraph and the Tampa (Fla.) Times is quite upset: "The women of America—and more par ticularly those of the South—will hardly ap preciate or relish the coupling of their cause with that of the Negroes. They have not heretofore been classed together and they do not rate themselves and the blacks as companions in misfortune and the victims of the oppression of the white men. ... " LABOR UNIONS The Laurel (Miss.) Daily FIGHTING Leader publishes an interest TH E NEGRO ing letter from a contractor who has hired Negro labor: "Mr. Anderson, as Secretary of the Brick layers' Union, knows, if he is informed as to the by-laws and constitution of the Brick layers' Union, that they place the Negro bricklayer on an equality with the white bricklayer both in the Lodge and on the job. The Bricklayers' Union of Jackson, as well as the Unions in other cities, elects both white and colored officers. A Mr. Glenn here, who is a brother of the Mr. Glenn, a bricklayer in Laurel, who stirred up consid erable animosity about my working Negro bricklayers in Laurel, is the President of the Union here and has a Negro secretary under him. This same Mr. Glenn has been secre tary under a Negro president in this lodge. "Mr. Anderson says that they were imbued with the Southern spirit and felt that they could not look their own wives and mothers in the face if they worked under a Negro foreman. 1 would like to ask this gentleman the difference between working under a Negro foreman on the job and sitting and associating with a Negro president in their lodge. Possibly the only reason they have not had Negro officers in the Bricklayers' Union in Laurel is because there are no Negro bricklayers living there. "I, too, am a Southerner, and everything equal, would always give the white man the preference, but in this case, am forced to say that as far as ability was concerned, everything was NOT equal, and from both a business and financial standpoint, I was unable to comply with their request for a local bricklayer foreman. It is my impression that the origin of the trouble with the bricklayers in Laurel was the fact that two or three of them wanted to be foreman on the job, and I did not consider them competent, as I had made previous inquiries as to their capability. "I have a Negro in my employ, whom I consider capable of handling any job and I did not care to discharge him and lose the bricklayers that I had organized in order to experiment with a few local 'would be boss' bricklayers. I have had several wdiite bricklayer foremen and will say that I have found this Negro far superior in every respect to the white men whom it has been my experience to employ in this capacity." The writer, I. C. Garber, concludes by saying: "The building now stands as a monument to 'Garber and his "niggers" ' and a good sample for the local bricklayers." CRIME AND RACE The Greensboro (N. C.) INSTANCES OF Daily News has this from DISCRIMINATION its Elizabeth City corre spondent : "Judge Frank Carter finished his investi gation of the management of the Pasquotank county chain gang this afternoon, and an nounced the findings of his inquiry to a large audience which packed the court room to hear the proceedings. He spoke from the bench and stated that his investigation had revealed to him that the chaingang had been grossly mismanaged; that the guards had drank enormous amounts of whisky, while on duty and had practiced the most revolt ing cruelties upon the prisoners, while the superintendent, Frank Weeks, had shown his inefficiency by permitting such a state of affairs to go on. He characterized the Pas quotank county chaingang as a disgrace to the civilization of the county, and not fit for the most desperate Negro criminal. He stated that while holding courts in the dis THE trict, he would use every effort possible to keep from sending- convicts to the chaingang until there had been a complete reorganization of its management with all the present officers eliminated." The problem of crime in the South is il lustrated by this clipping from the New York Sun, who quotes S. P. Davis, a Mississippi lawyer. On the subject of the Negro law on gambling the writer says: "Under our criminal statute it is a misdemeanor for any person to wager any money or other valuable thing on any game of chance or to play for money at any game of cards, or dice, etc.. but it is the unwritten law—and the unwritten law applies in this case—that all Negroes may play a game of chance with dice, commonly called craps, for money or any other valuable thing on Saturday nights or any time during the first day of the week, commonly called Sunday, provided, however, it is conducted in a quiet, orderly manner in a vacant cabin or cotton house on the back side of the plantation. But it is also the unwritten law of this State that a white person must not at any time or place, for either love or money or any other valuable thing, play a game of craps, that being recognized as a Negro game exclusively. It is also the unwritten law of this State that all white persons may play a game of chance with cards, commonly called poker, for money or for any other valuable thing, provided, however, that said game is conducted in a quiet, orderly manner in some private place after business hours, but a Negro must not under any circumstances play a game of poker for love or money, (hat being recognized as a white man's game." Concerning the homicide law in its application to a Xegro Mr. Davis savs: "If he kills a while man and is caught he is hanged, the time and place of his execution depending altogether on who caught him, the Sheriff's posse or the friends of the deceased. Tf the Sheriff's posse were (he first to get possession of him he is hanged the third Friday after court adjourns; if the friends of the deceased are the first to get possession of him he is hanged at once, at or near the place where the killing occurred. When a Negro is indicted for killing another Negro he is seldom if ever tried. The usual practice is for the court to appoint some young and inexperienced attorney to defend him; then partly out of sympathy for the CRISIS Xegro and partly for the young attorney, the State's attorney allows him to plead not guilty to the murder charge, but guilty of manslaughter and take sentence to the penitentiary," where he stays until he is pardoned a few years later. This plan always works very satisfactorily to all parties concerned— the State saves the expense of a trial, the Negro is saved from being hanged and the State gets another cotton producer on the State farm." The following editorial from the Pittsburgh (Pa.) Courier is quite to the point: "Twenty years ago a Negro of Alabama was convicted on a charge of larceny. It was shown that the Negro had stolen 50 cents. The judge sentenced him to the penitentiary for 50 years, explaining that the Negro should pay a year in servitude for each penny stolen. The present governor of the State of Alabama has just recently pardoned the Negro, with the comment that the sentence was out of all proportion to the crime. "Not many months ago, in the same State, a white man, holding an official position, stole $90,000 from the funds entrusted to him: he was given ten years to the penitentiary. Under the same system as practiced upon the Negro, this white man could have been given just nine million years in the penitentiary. "But let us come nearer home. In Pennsylvania, not many months ago, a white woman lured some drunken men into an alley and robbed them of their money. She was paroled. Within the past year, a colored girl, charged with having stolen .$7.00 from her white consort, was given 18 months in the workhouse. Three white men plead guilty to burglarizing a private residence. They were paroled. A Negro pleaded guilty lo playing poker and was given three months In the workhouse. "The above instances are sufficient to indicate that there is an evident division of crime with respect to the color of the criminal. A white man commits the highest possible crime and there is always some loop hole for his escape. A Negro may commit a crime of any degree whatever, and the law is inflexible; he must serve the days and years prescribed in the books. This is invariably (he case. The exceptions are so few they do not merit mention. "To add to this injustice, we get the report of the statistician on crime. He uses the OPINION prison and court dockets for his information and makes his reports accordingly. The magazine writers base their arguments upon the figures, and the poor Negro gets a picture of himself that beggars all description. He leads in crime, undoubtedly, he must lead, for the records so show, and who can dispute figures? "But all of this is the white man's delusion, not ours. It is his civilization he is dissecting, not ours. He may classify crime and make partial reports to suit his necessity, but the truth of the situation rests undisturbed. To charge us with crime does not make us criminals; to give us long terms in prison does not subtract from the criminal class who enjoy short sentences. In the long-process of evolution the criminal will classify himself. Then there will be no classification under the code, nor will the sentence of the criminal have any significance. At the present rate of his social and political disorder, the white man is destined to take the lead in all things criminal, and certainty he will not incur the envy of the Negro." H POLITICS COLORED OFFICE The Charlotte Observer HOLDERS remarks that President Wilson has not been able to do much with Congress so far as the Negro is concerned and continues: "Hitherto President Wilson has not extended to such matters his mastery over Congress. Intent upon getting his reform measures through—having, as he said upon one well-remembered occasion, a single-track mind—he has given Congressmen their own way with patronage claimed by them. He has wished not to handicap his program by any side-issues or frictions of this kind. Hence the Senators opposing any Negro appointments even secured from him the appointment of a white man, a Missourian, as Minister to the Negro Republic of Haiti— rather a queer proceeding for them, we must say. But the issue is again up, the President has gotten through Congress all except the final round of his legislative program, and the elections are near at hand. Recently the President refused to turn down Attorney-General McReynolds' recommendation that Robert Terrell, colored, a municipal judge of the District of Columbia, be granted reappointment. And now he may or may not appoint a Negro to the recordership of deeds. The Northern Congressmen who have a considerable Negro electorate in their States or districts are concerning themselves, so that the Southerners no longer hold the field alone. It may develop into an unpleasant light. Our own idea is that the belligerents should let the President appoint a Negro Recorder of Deeds if he shall so choose." m ANOTHER PUZZLE THE "NEW" Readers of THE CRISIS have doubtless scanned with some WILBERFORCE perplexity the irate letters nearly three feet long by President Scarborough of Wilberforce in the New York Age and News. He takes us fo task for our article on the "New Wilberforce" in the August CRISIS. The incensed gentleman gets real good and mad and says: "In such an article we are accustomed to seek at once the motives inspiring if. In this case we are wondering whether it was inspired by a malicious desire to strike the college department in particular, to belittle what it has done and injure its standing and work for higher education; or, by a piqued spirit which sees an opportunity for retaliation; or, by a spirit which thus repays personal favors through questionable eulogiums. Or, was it real unadulterated ignorance steeped in egotism? We must leave it for readers and those generally acquainted with the situation to judge." We are greatly mystified by this astonishing exhibition of temper and after re-reading what we considered at the time a most excellent and helpful article on an institution which we greatly admire, we are compelled to appeal to our readers: If any reader of TH E CRISIS can discover in the before-mentioned article anything calculated to make an otherwise mild professor of Greek tear his hair and "cuss," we will gladly give him a year's subscription to THE CRISIS. Send in your answers soon. m &lt;J Dr. Slyburn C. Downing, a young colored man who graduated from Howard Medical School a few years ago, was awarded the first prize, $25 in gold, in a contest conducted by the New York Medical Journal for the best essay on "The Treatment of Al coholic Cirrhosis of the Liver." Where Does Your Congressman Stand? A QUESTIONNAIRE We hear that darkest Russia promises national unity to Poland, autonomy to Fin land and religious freedom to all. What is free America going to do for her ten million colored citizens? To find out the National Association has sent the following^ questionnaire to all candidates for Congress :| September 22, 1914. My Dear Sir: Will you kindly till out and return the attached questionnaire by October 12 ? This is being sent out by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People to all candidates for Congress of the Republican, Democratic and Progressive parties. The results will be published in THE CRISIS, the organ of the Association which reaches l50,000 readers, in the white and colored press of the country, and in handbills for distribution by our branches. The names of candidates not forwarding their answers by October 12 will also be printed and colored voters and their friends advised to vote against them. Very truly yours, J. E . SPINGARN. Chairman of Board. 1. Will you, if elected, vote against any measure abrogating the Fourteenth and Fif teenth Amendments? 2. Will you, if elected, vote against— a. Segregation in the federal service? b.	 Residential segregation in the District of Columbia ? c.	 Segregation in Jim Crow cars in the District of Columbia ? .'!. Regardless of whether you advocate racial intermarriage, will you oppose the passage of a law making such marriage in the District of Columbia invalid, since the enactment by states of such laws has led to the degradation of Negro women and children ? 4 . Do you under any circumstances justify lynching? 5. Do you favor the enforcement of Clause 2 of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution? Many nominations have not been received as this goes to press and many to whom 'questionnaires have been sent have not had time to reply. One hundred and thirteen replies have been received. Of these 49, listed below, gave favorable answers to all questions. We also give an analysis of the 64 ^unfavorable and doubtful replies. Replies received after to-day, October 8, will be printed in handbills for distribution to our branches before election. Over 1,400 candidates will receive the questions. Candidates Who Promise to Vote Right. The following give favorable answers to every one of the five questions: THOSE WHO ANSWER "RIGHT" State Party District Name Indiana Republican 5th Shattuck Indiana Progressive 6th Russell Indiana Republican 7th Moores Indiana Progressive 7th Hibben Indiana ] Progressive 9th Ford Indiana ; Republican 9th Purnell Indiana . Republican 11th Stricler Indiana | Progressive 12th Widney Indiana \ Republican 12th Lane Indiana Republican 13th Hickey Kansas , Republican Senator Curtis Kan sas Republican 7th Simmons Massachusetts Progressive 5 th Osgood Massachusetts Progressive 7th Ranger : Massachusetts Rep. &amp; Pro. 8th  Dallinger Massachusetts Republican 9th Roberts Massachusetts Progressive 9th . Newton Massachusetts Democratic 11th Horgan Michigan Progressive 2d , Probert Michigan Republican 2d ; Bacon Michigan Progressive 4th Harvey Michigan Republican 4th ; Hamilton 1 Michigan Democratic 10th  Hitchcock Ohio Republican 1st Longworth Ohio Republican 2d Struble Ohio Republican 3d Brown Ohio Democratic 4th Cunningham Ohio Progressive 9th Whitney Ohio Democratic 10th Martzolff Ohio Democratic 12 th Hogan Ohio Republican 14th Williams Ohio Republican 19th Cooper Ohio Progressive 21st Miller Ohio Republican 22d Emerson Pennsylvania Progressive at large Walters Pennsylvania Progressive 1st Burt Pennsylvania Republican Senator Penrose Pennsylvania Progressive 3d , Weinstock Pennsylvania Washington 6th Drake Pennsylvania Washington 7th Tom l in son Pennsylvania Progressive 13th | Stewart Pennsylvania Progressive 15 th Stokes Pennsylvania Progressive 16 th Heffner Pennsylvania Progressive 25th ; Lockwood Rhode	 Island Progressive 2d Ball Washington Republican Senator : Jones Washington Republican 3d Johnson West Virginia Progressive 2d Keim WHAT THE OTHER CANDIDATES SAY 2 1 3 4 5 SEGREGATION State Name Party District Abrogation of Enforcing 14th 14th and 15th Inter-Marriage Lynching Amendment Amendments Federal Service Residential Jim Crow Ill. Ashton Progressive 1st Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory where Ill. Harris Republican 5th Unsatisfactor y Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory No answer No answer Satisfactory does Ill. Harmon Progressive 8th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory your congressman Ind. Seiler Progressive 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory- stand Ind. Bland Republican 2d Unsatisfactory Vague Vague Vague No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ind. Purwell Republican 9th 'Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ind. Wood Republican 10th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer No answer Satisfactory Ind. Barnhart Democratic 13th Satisfactory I Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory No answer Kans. Anthony Republican 1st No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Kans. Brady Progressive 2d No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Kans. Bertch Progressive 3d Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactorv Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Kans. Welty Progressive 4th Satisfactorv Vague Vague Vague No answer No answer Satisfactory Kans. Dykes Republican 6th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer No answer Satisfactory Kans. Davidson Progressive 8th •Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory- Ky. Bristow Republican 7 th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory Satisiactory Mass. Burdick Democratic 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Mass. Lewis Dem. &amp; Prog 2d Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory Vague Vague No answer Satisfactory Mass. Kincaide Progressive 4 th "Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactorv •Unsatisfactory *Unsatisfactory unsatisfactory Satisfactory Mass. Lawrence Progressive 12th No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Mass. Morris Democratic 15 th Satisfactory . Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Mich. McCarty Republican 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory- Mich. Smith , Republican 3d No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Mich. Dodge Democratic 6th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Mich. Smith Democratic 8th Vague Vague Vague Vague No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Minn. MacKintosh Progressive 3d Satisfactory Vague Vague Vague Satisfactorv Satisfactory No answer Minn. Nelson Democratic 8th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Minn. Jepson Republican 10th Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Minn. Swensen Democratic 10th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory No answer Mo. Akins Republican Sen. Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory-Satisfactory No answer Satisfactorv Satisfactory Ohio Madden Progressive 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory- Ohio Matthews Republican 5 th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Baxter Progressive 5th Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory to to WHAT OTHER CANDIDATES SAY (Continued) 1 2 3 4 State Name Party SEGREGATION District Abrogation of 14th and 15th Enforcing 14th Inter- Marriage Lynching Amendments Federal Service Residential Amendment Jim Crow Ohio Fess Republican 7th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Taylor Progressive 7th No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Ohio Clark Republican 8th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Cordill Republican 9th Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Westfall Republican 12th Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Irvine Republican 17th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Ohio Hollingsworth Republican 18th No answer Ohio Democratic No answer No answer No answer No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Bathrick 19th No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Okla. Campbell Republican 6th Satisfactor v Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Okla. Alexander Progressive 8th . Satisfactorv Satisfactory Vague Vague Unsatisfactory Satisfactor y Satisfactory Penna. Watson Progressive at large ; Satisfactory Penna. Rutley Satisfactorv Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactor y Satisfactory THE CRISISProgressive : at large ' Satisfactory Penna. Crago Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory Satisfactory Republican at large : Satisfactory Satisfactor y Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Penna. Mitchell Progressive at large " Satisfactory Satisfactorv Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Penna. Satisfactory McCrossin Democratic 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Penna. Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Stephens ; Progressive 14th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Penna. Satisfactory Satisfactory Dean ; Democratic 14th Unsatisfactory Vague No answer Satisfactory Vague Vague Penna. Satisfactory Kiess Republican 15th Satisfactory Penna. Satisfactorv Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Focht Republican 17th No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Satisfactory No answer Penna. Kaufman Democratic 18th Satisfactory Satisfactorv Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory No answer Penna. Hood Progressive 23d Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Penna. Hart Progressive 26th Satisfactory Penna. Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Sat isfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Wolfe Progressive 27th Satisfactory Penna. Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Miller Republican 28th j Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Penna. Satisfactory Satisfactory Campbell Democ ratic 32d No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Va Flood Democratic 10th ' Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Satisfactory Unsatisfactory Unsatisfactory Wash. Humphrey Republican 1st , No answer No answer No answer Wash. Drury No answer No answer No answer Democratic 3d No answer Satisfactory W. Va. Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Harner Progressive 1st Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Vague Satisfactory No answer-Wis. Stafford Republican 5th No answer Satisfactory No answer No answer No answer No answer No answer Wis Esch Republican 7th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory Wis. Browne Republican 8th Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory Satisfactory No answer Satisfactory Satisfactory * There are indications that these questions may have been misunderstood. f Sent letter stating principles broadly but declining to answer specific questions. THE N. A. A. C. P. THE ASSOCIATION PIN Above is an enlarged drawing of the new pin of the N.A.A.C.P. This beautiful design is the work of Mr. John Howells, Jr., who generously gave his time and talent to the Association. Mr. Howells is a member of the well known firm of Howells and Stokes in New York. Made up in gold with a rich blue and white enamel, the pin may be secured at the offices of the Association by members at 25 cents, postpaid 27 cents. A membership in the National Association which costs only one dollar, with one of these new pins, would make an appropriate Christmas remembrance for your friends. They may be also secured mounted on an artistic Christmas card at the rates quoted above. Send your order early. BRANCHES Baltimore reports that the James Jenkins "Jim Crow" street car case has been appealed by the State and will come up before the Court of Appeals early in October. The attorneys for the Branch, Messrs. McGuinn and Hawkins, have the matter in charge. The Branch also reports that they arc taking steps to test the new segregation ordinance. The Chicago Bazaar: To raise funds for the establishment of an office where cases of discrimination against colored people may be investigated and adjusted, a summer tent festival was held August 28 and 29 Mr. Julius Rosenwald agreed to give one dollar for every two dollars raised. The carnival was a success, not only from a financial point of view, but In its effect upon the colored people of Chicago and their friends. Practically every colored artist in the city gave his services In the program. The Eighth and Twelfth Regiment bands likewise donated their services and paraded the streets on the South Side, drawing hundreds to the large lent where the carnival was given. Thirteen different organizations joined the Executive Committee and worked together harmoniously to make the affair a striking success. About twenty men employed in the post office and elsewhere in the civil service laid off for a day, at their own expense, and helped in the erection of the platform and booths. There seemed to be rivalry lo see which organization could make the best contribution in ideas and efforts. Al l the booths did a thriving business. (In Saturday night the tent was packed to capacity and about eight hundred people were turned away. The organizations which joined in the affair were: The Chicago Dental Club, Grace Presbyterian Sunday School, Phalanx Club, Tuskegee Club, Women's Aid Society, Appomattox Club, Young Matrons' Culture Club, Pandora Club, Coleridge Taylor Club, Entre Nous Club, Civic Protective League, Ipsilon Delia Pi, and Ipsilon Sigma Kappa. The festival closed with a mass meeting-Sunday afternoon held at the Institutional Church. Addresses were made by the Rev. R. W. Bagnall, of Detroit, Mr. Robert Mc-Murdy, the Rev. Duncan C. Milner, Prof. H. T. Greener, the Rev. J. B. Massiah of St. Thomas Episcopal Church, Charles T. Hallinan, and others. Dr. Bentley presided. MEETINGS Mass meetings with Mr. Villard, Mr. Studin and Mrs. Butler R. Wilson as speakers are announced for East Orange, Trenton and Newark during October. The Association desires lo thank the National Association of Colored Women for their donation of fifty dollars, voted at their annual meeting in Wilberforce. The good wishes which accompanied this gift, as well as the interest and sympathy shown toward our work at the Empire Slate and New England Federation meetings, were much appreciated. "OUT OF AFRIC BLACK SOLDIERS FROM SENEGAL FIGHTING (Courtesy of L'lllustration, Paris) .ED MY SON!" E CIVILIZATION OF EUROPE AGAINST ITSELF EDITORIAL WORLD WAR AND THE COLOR LINE MAN Y colored persons, and persons interested in them, may easily make the mistake of supposing that the present war is far removed from the color problem of America and that in the face of this great catastrophe we may forget for a moment such local problems and give all attention and contributions to the seemingly more pressing cause. This attitude is a mistake. The present war in Europe is one of the great disasters due to race and color prejudice and it but foreshadows greater disasters in the future. It is not merely national jealousy, or the so-called "race" rivalry of Slav, Teuton and Latin, that is the larger cause of this war. It is rather the wild quest for Imperial expansion among colored races between Germany, England and France primarily, and Belgium. Italy, Russia and Austria-Hungary in lesser degree. Germany long since found herself shut out from acquiring colonies. She looked toward South America, but the "Monroe Doctrine" stood in her way. She started for Africa and by bulldozing methods secured one good colony, one desert and two swamps. Her last efforts looked toward North Africa and Asia-Minor. Finally, she evidently decided at the first opportunity to seize English or French colonies and lo this end feverishly expanded her navy, kept her army at the highest point of effi ciency and has been for twenty years the bully of Europe with a chip on her shoulder and defiance in her mouth. The colonies which England and France own and Germany covets are largely in tropical and semi-tropical lands and inhabited by black, brown and yellow peoples. In such colonies there is a chance to confiscate land, work the natives at low wages, make large profits and open wide markets for cheap European manufactures. Asia, Africa, the South Sea Islands, the West Indies, Mexico and Central America and much of South America have long been designated by the white world as fit field for this kind of commercial exploitation, for the benefit of Europe and with little regard for the welfare of the natives. One has only to remember the forced labor in South Africa, the outrages in Congo, the cocoa-slavery in Portuguese Africa, the land monopoly and peonage of Mexico, the exploitation of Chinese coolies and the rubber horror of the Amazon to realize what white imperialism is doing to-day in well-known cases, not to mention thousands of less-known instances. In this way a theory of the inferiority of the darker peoples and a contempt for their rights and aspirations has become all but universal in the greatest centers of modern culture. Here it was that American color prejudice and race hatred received in recent years unexpected aid and sympathy. To-day civilized nations arc fighting like mad dogs over the right to own and exploit these darker peoples. In such case where should our sympathy lie ? Undoubtedly, with the Allies EDITORIAL —with England and France in particular. Not that these nations are innocent. England was in the past blood-guilty above all lands in her wicked and conscienceless rape of darker races. England was primarily responsible for American slavery, for the starvation of India, and the Chinese opium traffic. But the salvation of England is that she has the ability to learn from her mistakes. To-day no white nation is fairer in its treatment of darker peoples than England. Not that England is yet fair. She is not yet just, and she still nourishes much disdain for colored races, erects contemptible and humiliating political and social barriers and steals their land and labor; but as compared with Germany England is an angel of light. The record of Germany as a colonizer toward weaker and darker people is the most barbarous of any civilized people and grows worse instead of better. France is less efficient than England as an administrator of colonies and has consequently been guilty of much neglect and injustice; but she is nevertheless the most kindly of all European nations in her personal relations with colored folk. She draws no dead line of color and colored Frenchmen always love France. Belgium has been as pitiless and grasping as Germany and in strict justice deserves every pang she is suffering after her unspeakable atrocities in Congo. Russia has never drawn a color line but has rather courted the yellow races, although with ulterior motives. Japan, however, instilled wholesome respect in this line. Undoubtedly, then the triumph of the allies would at least leave the plight of the colored races no worse than now. Indeed, considering the. fact than black Africans and brown Indians and yellow Japanese are fighting for France and England it may be that they will come out of this frightful welter of blood with new ideas of the essential equality of all men. On the other hand, the triumph of Germany means the triumph of every force calculated to subordinate darker peoples. It would mean triumphant militarism, autocratic and centralized government and a studied theory of contempt for everything except Germany— "Germany above everything in the world." The dispair and humiliation of Germany in the eighteenth century has brought this extraordinary rebound of self-exaltation and disdain for mankind. The triumph of this idea would mean a crucifixion of darker peoples unparalleled in history. The writer speaks without anti-German bias; personally he has deep cause to love the German people. They made him believe in the essential humanity of white folk twenty years ago when he was near to denying it. But even then the spell of militarism was in the air, and the Prussian strut had caught the nation's imagination. They were starting on the same road with the southern American whites toward a contempt toward human beings and a faith in their own utter superiority to all other breeds. This feeling had not then applied itself particularly to colored folk and has only begun to to-day; but it is going by leaps and bounds.. Germany needs but the role of world conquest to make her one of the most contemptible of "Nigger" hating nations. Just as we go to press, the Berliner Tageblatt publishes a proclamation by "German representatives of Science and Art to the World of Culture" in which men like Harnack, Bode, Hauptmann, Suderman, Roentgen, Humperdink, Wundt and others, insult hundreds of millions of human beings by openly sneering at "Mongrels and Niggers." As colored Americans then, and as Americans who fear race prejudice as the greatest of War-makers, our sympathies in the awful conflict should be with France and England ; not that they have conquered race prejudice, but they have at least begun to realize its cost and evil, while Germany exalts it. If so great, a catastrophe has followed jealousies and greed built on a desire to steal from and oppress people whom the EDITORIAL dominant culture dispises, how much wilder and wider will be the conflict when black and brown and yellow people stand up together shoulder to shoulder and demand recognition as men! Let us give then our sympathies to those nations whose triumph will most tend to postpone if not to make unnecessary a world war of races. A CORRESPONDENCE H E General Federation of (white) Women's Clubs sent a representative to the meeting of the National Association of Colored Women at Wil berforce, and the magazine of the General Federation published an excellent article concerning that meeting. On the strength of this the magazine has evidently obtained the mailing list of the colored organization and is sending this letter broadcast: GENERAL FEDERATION MAGAZINE Only official organ of the General Fed eration of Women's Clubs Xew York, N . Y., Sept. 22. 1914. My dear Madam: Your name has been sent to me by Miss Zona Gale, formerly Chairman of Civics of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, who recently spoke before your Colored Women's Convention, as being one of the prominent colored women in this country who would without doubt be interested in the General Federation Magazine, which is the official organ of the General Federation of Women's Clubs. I am using this month an account of your Convention by Miss Zona Gale and I know you will be interested to see that in this important Magazine. May I not hope for your support in the way of at least one subscription to the Magazine ? I would like to add this also: If one woman could be appointed in each club or organization to take subscriptions, she might find it profiable for herself or her organization to make a business of this matter. The price of the Magazine is $1.00 a year and we allow a discount of 25% on each subscription. Can we not join our forces in some way ? We should be glad to give you publicity in the Magazine whenever you desire. We are sending you a sample copy of our Biennial number. Very cordially" yours, (Signed) HARRIET BISHOP WATERS, General Federation Magazine. This letter has received the following reply from TH E CRISIS office: Dear Madam: I have your circular concerning a subscription to the General Federation Magazine. Do you think it is fair to ask a col ored person to subscribe to the official organ of an organization which discrim inates against them so outrageously as yours does? Very sincerely yours, etc. We trust that similar letters will go from every colored woman approached. This is not a matter of hatred or complaint. It is a matter of self-respect. The General Federation of Women's Clubs has insulted every black woman in America. They have deliberately and openly put a brand on her. Clubs composed of every race and nation in America are welcome to this federation except those of black women. Against this contemptible action taken by northern white women to placate the petty spite of southern white women colored women cannot and do not wish to take any action. They are quietly and effectively doing their own club work. But they refuse to forget the insult or condone it. Above all they resent on the part of these narrow-minded white women the assumption that-the exclusion of colored women's clubs from the General Federation has "helped" the colored organization. The stealing of my purse may make me careful and saving but I owe little gratitude to the thief, and at all events for the thief to demand gratitude is adding insult to injury. THE BURDEN OF BLACK WOMEN 31 THE BURDEN OF BLACK WOMEN Dark daughter of the lotus leaves that watch the Southern sea, Wan spirit of a prisoned soul a-panting to be free; The muttered music of thy streams, the whispers of the deep Have kissed each other in God's name and kissed a world to sleep. The will of the world is a whistling wind sweeping a cloud-cast sky, And not from the east and not from the west knelled its soul-searing cry; But out of the past of the Past's grey past, it yelled from the top of the sky; Crying: Awake, 0 ancient race!. Wailing : 0 woman arise! And crying and sighing and crying again as a voice in the midnight cries; But the burden of white men bore her back, and the white world stifled her sighs. The White World's vermin and filth: Al l the dirt of London, All the scum of New York; Valiant spoilers of women And conquerors of unarmed men; Shameless breeders of bastards Drunk with the greed of gold, Baiting their blood-stained hooks With cant for the souls of the simple, Bearing the White Man's Burden Of Liquor and Lust and Lies! Unthankful we wince in the East, Unthankful we wail from the westward, Unthankfully thankful we sing, In the un-won wastes of the wild : I hate them, Oh! I hate them well, I hate them, Christ! As I hate Hell, If I were God I'd sound their knell This day! Who raised the fools to their glory But black men of Egypt and Ind? Ethiopia's sons of the evening, Chaldeans and Yellow Chinese? The Hebrew children of Morning And mongrels of Rome and Greece? Ah, well! And they that raised the boasters Shall drag them down again: Down with the theft of their thieving And murder and mocking of men, Down with their barter of women And laying and lying of creeds, Down with their cheating of childhood, And drunken orgies of war— down, down, deep down, Till the Devil's strength be shorn, Till some dim, darker David a-hoeing of his corn, And married maiden, Mother of God, Bid the Black Christ be born! Then shall the burden of manhood, Be it yellow or black or white, And Poverty, Justice and Sorrow— The Humble and Simple and Strong, Shall sing with the Sons of Morning And Daughters of Evensong: Black mother of the iron hills that guard the blazing sea, Wild spirit of a storm-swept soul a-struggling to be free, Where 'neath the bloody finger marks, thy riven bosom quakes, Thicken the thunders of God's voice, and lo! a world awakes! THE CRISIS THE COLORED Y. M. C. A. BUILDING, WASHINGTON, D. C. THE COLORED Y. M. C. A. THE COLORED Y. M. C. A. By C. H. THE first Young Men's Chris tian Association of colored men was organized in Washington, D. C , in 1853, two years after the first Association was organized on thi s continent, and eleven years after the parent Association was founded in London by George Williams. Anthony Bowen, a free Negro who worked in one of the government departments at Washington, was the first president. Wil liam Chauncy Langdon, afterwards founder of the International Convention, was then secretary of the white Association of Washington and an employee of the same government department in which Bowen worked. The two men were strong friends and mutually helpful to each other in Association work. From this beginning the Young Men's Christian Association work among colored men has had continuous existence and steady growth. The period of greatest growth, however, is covered by the last seven years, and the purpose of this article is to note the important achievements of that period, and to show how the movement has grown in such a short time from a few Associations widely scattered and owning property valued at less than $200,000 to a nation-wide brotherhood with modern buildings in all sections of the country valued at more than $1,000,000. Up to seven years ago there was not a single modern Y . M . C. A . for colored men anywhere in the country. There were buildings in New York, Louisville, Norfolk, Asheville, Atlanta, Orange, N. J., and other places, but they were, with the possible exceptions of Norfolk and Ashevillc, old residences turned into Association buildings. In 1907 George Foster Peabody, a New York business man who had long been interested in Association work for colored men, offered to give $20,000 for a building to be erected in Columbus, Ga., his native city, on condition that $5,000 be raised by the citizens of Columbus, white and colored. The condition was met and a modern building was erected. This was the beginning of the forward movement. Shortly after the erection of the Columbus TOBIAS building, the Washington Association secured an offer of $25,000 from John D. Rockefeller on condition that a like sum be raised to erect a $50,000 building. In a popular subscription campaign the colored people of Washington subscribed $32,000. This result was so gratifying to all concerned that the objective was raised from $50,000 to $100, 000. Of this amount, which was finally collected, the colored people paid $27,000. The building was completed and dedicated in 1912. With its swimming pool, bowling alley, billiard parlor, cafe, gymnasium, reading room, Bible study courses, boys' department, and dormitories for fifty men, its appeal to the men and boys of Washington has met with a generous response. It has the distinction of having closed out its first year without a deficit, the obligations having been met from the year's receipts accruing from membership fees, room rent, and fees for use of swimming pool and game privileges. The last published report shows a membership of 675. Chicago was the next city to enter a building campaign. The result of this campaign for Chicago itself may be stated in a word —the largest and finest Association building for colored men in the United States was erected at a cost of $190,000. The feature of outstanding importance in the Chicago campaign, however, was the interest manifested by Julius Rosenwald, the Hebrew president of the Sears-Roebuck Company, who gave $25,000 to the Chicago building, and was so pleased with the investment that he extended the offer of a like amount to any city in the country that would raise $75,000 to erect a $100,000 building for colored men. This was an offer of such wonderful generosity, and far-reaching significance, in view of the race and religion of the donor, that it stunned the Association world. A prominent Chicago business man declared that it was the greatest benefaction the Negro had received since the Emancipation Proclamation was issued. This remarkable challenge has been met by eleven cities, namely, Washington, Chicago, Atlanta, Indianapolis, Philadelphia, Los Angeles, Kansas City, Baltimore, Cincinnati, New York and Nashville. In four TH E CRISIS FOUR COLORED DONORS TO Y. M. C. A. BUILDING FUNDS Mrs. C. J. Walker, of Indianapolis, Ind., $1,000 Mrs. D . Merchant, of Cincinnati, O., $1,200 Henry W. Chase, of Washington, D. C, $500 James Tilghman, of Chicago, Ill., $1,000 THE COLORED of these cities—Washington, Chicago, Indi anapolis and Philadelphia—the building's have been completed and are now in full operation. In the other cities buildings are either in course of erection or will be started soon. It is interesting to note that as many as eleven Negroes have contributed $1,000 each in these building campaigns, and that while men of Nashville will give $40,000 toward the Nashville building, and white men of At lanta $25,000 toward the Atlanta building. Along with the forward movement in city work has come an awakening of interest on the part of many great corporations employ ing Negro labor. An Association has been established at a Newport News, Va., ship yard where 4,000 Negroes are employed. Buxton, Iowa, a colored mining community, has a $30,000 equipment for men and boys. The American Cast Iron Pipe Company of Birmingham, Ala., has a large and well ap pointed building where colored employees under a colored secretary occupy two floors, and white employees occupy one floor. There is a colored railroad Association at Bluefield, W. Va., supported by the Norfolk and Western Railroad. A county Associa tion has been established at Lawrenceville, Brunswick County, Va. The secretary is supported by the Y . M . C. A . of Pennsyl vania State College. In order to prepare leaders and furnish continuation school facilities for workers in the city and industrial centers, the Chesapeake Summer School is held annually at Camp Chesapeake, Arundel-on-the-Bay, Md. Dr. J. E. Moorland is dean, and has associated with him for class work and lecture courses some of the strongest educational and Association workers in the country. This fully equipped camp for colored men is conducted on property owned by colored men, and faces an exclusive water front a half mile long. Paralleling the city work almost from the beginning of its history, and keeping pace with it in growth and achievements, has been the student division of the Association. The first colored student Association was organized at Howard University in 1869. When the International Student Department was inaugurated at the Louisville International Convention in 1877, three colored Associations—Howard, Fisk and Walden—were represented in the Convention. There are now 104 colored student Associations with Y. M. C. A. 35 a total membership of nearly 7,000. The principal activities of the student Association, conducted under the direction of standing committees, are work for new students, Bible study, mission study, weekly religious meetings, social and recreative features, agencies for securing employment, and community social service. Tuskegee, Hampton and Howard employ salaried secretaries. Hampton has the distinction of having the only student Association building for colored men. This building was erected at a cost of $33,000 and was dedicated in February, 1913. The leadership of the student work is largely in the hands of voluntary workers, many of whom receive training in the Student Conference held annually at King's Mountain, N. C. The NegTO Christian Student Convention recently held at Atlanta was directed by the student Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A.; 500 delegates from 88 schools and colleges, 24 college presidents, and 175 religious and educational leaders, white and colored, were present at this Convention, the purpose of which was to study with thoroughness the responsibility of the Negro student for Christian work at home and abroad, and lo consider what light Christian thought might throw on co-operation between the races. The claims of Christian work were forceful- COLORED Y. M. C. A., CHICAGO TH E CRISIS ly presented by representatives of the different life-callings, and questions of race relationships were discussed with frankness and sincerity by white and black alike. A noteworthy achievement of the Convention was the enrollment of 240 male delegates who expressed willingness to consider definite forms of Christian service as life-work. John K. Mott, who presided at all the sessions, declared it to be one of the most significant conventions in the religious history of America. There are six secretaries of the Interna rional Committee whose business it is to supervise the work of colored Young Men's Christian Associations. They are W. A. Hunton, J. E. Moorland. .1. B. Watson. R. P. Hamlin. C. 11. Tobias, and A. L. Jackson. Mr. Hunton. the senior secretary, has served continuously for 27 years. Mr. Jackson, the latest addition to the staff, was class orator at the 1914 commencement of Harvard University. He takes the place of Mr. D. D. Jones, who recently resigned to take charge of the Colored Men's Branch of St. Louis. COLORED Y, M. C. A. SUMMER TRAINING SCHOOL THE GOLDEN-FACED PEOPLE A Story of the Chinese Conquest of America By NICHOLAS VACHE L LINDSAY 61 /. Trouble with a Laundryman. lie was a laundryman who ironed shirts superbly, yet with that irritating air of being a little above his business. His picked English showed me that he aspired to be something more than a coolie. I thought we had been friends for some months, but now old Yellow-arms clutched my week's washing because 1 bad lost my half of his red ticket. 1 showed him for the tenth time the name on the linen. 1 was in a hurry to dress for the Lincoln's birthday banquet. Pushing' the money towards him, 1 jumped for the exit with my goods, lie turned out the gas I heard him scramble over the counter. He was between me and the door. THE GOLDEN-FACED PEOPLE 37 He hit me with the handle of his broom. Then 1 was under the delusion that 1 made for the alley through the side entrance. II. Results of Being Hit Willi a Broom. I found myself in a long, iron-floored passage, thick with yellow fog. Just as suddenly I was in a packed assembly room where the walls blazed with dragon-embroidered lanterns. I turned around. The door of iron behind me was closed. My pursuer was not in sight. The place was like a sort of heathen temple. But no, the next thing that caught my eye was the phrase: "In the year of Christ." It appeared that this fantastic gathering was about to dedicate with speeches and ceremonies a tablet inscribed: "In the gear of Christ two thousand eight hundred and nine Lin-Kon was born. This memorial is set up on the one hundreth anniversary of his birth in honor of his meritorious and superior career. He was the emancipator of the white man.'' Al l eyes in the room were on this tablet. It was above the speaker's platform. The shirt-washer had hit me pretty hard. I did not realize it all at once but he had knocked me through that iron door into the next millenium. He had knocked the Chinese language into my head, for these inscriptions were written in that ideograph. And now I was amazed to behold him, or a person quite like him sitting in a pew at one side of the platform. He blinked there in a majesty that was a tremendous expansion of the streak of dignity with which he once ironed shirts. He had somehow knocked another thing into my head—that a Chinaman is so infinitely superior to a white man there is no comparison. I knew that was the meaning of the empty bench, reserved for him exclusively, despite the crowded aisles. The audience was one-half Anglo-Saxon. The other half seemed Chinese, but it slowly-dawned on me that they were not! They were Eurasians, half yellow, half white, who looked scornfully upon us who were so pure and pale. But, on the other hand, they glanced furtively in the direction of their solitary Chinese visitor with eyes of abject abasement. III. flow Chinese Superiority Came About. I was being patronizingly escorted toward the tablet by some of these half-yellow men. I knew I was being treated with honors because of my learning, and in spite of my color. 1 was being delicately and deprecatingly introduced to half a score of half-yellow speakers of the evening, there grouped about the tablet. Then I was being proclaimed to the audience as one who had studied with zeal the Chinese conquest, of America. I laid down my laundry bundle. I was in a whirlwind of astonishing impressions. And it was no longer a bundle, but had shrunken into a manuscript, in Chinese characters which I knew I myself had written. I opened it and read and commented to the crowd—something after this fashion : "When our fathers taught the Golden People mechanics in the. sordid ages of the world, the white man was the leader of civilization." There was a mighty cheer. Especially those almost white grew vociferous. Gongs were beaten. Fans were thumped against the seats till they were splinters. I continued: "Our fathers were not scared when the Golden Men instituted their thorough-going compulsory education, nor when they put up their immortal universities from Canton to Lhassa. But that was (he crucial hour, the pivot of history. Then, in the Chinese mind the Religion of Science took the place of the Religion of Literature, which same had been with them from the days of Shen and Yao. Now in their laboratories were hatched the medical lodges and inventors of secret societies, infamous and sublime. They sent forth whirlwinds of tracts with sociological, hygienic and biological remedies for China. These became well nigh inspired in the eyes of sects and sub-sects, who prayed over their crucibles in their little back-rooms, with the phrenzy of Mohammedans entering battle. "Private lists were compiled of high and low families prone to opium or vice or bad citizenship, and of many others with a tendency to crime or idiocy. When the storm broke, these were sure to fall, whatever the apparent quarrel. Two provinces below the normal, were almost wiped out. Over every temple door and city gate appeared the quotation from the scientific conspirator Dahwin : 'Science and Heaven are one.' And revolutionary banners proclaimed his more terrible saying, 'None but Superior men are fit to live.' Every revolution aims at the annihilation of some class. Here all perished but Ihe subtle, the wise and the strong. "In the counter-revolution Science apparently returned lo her kitchen and work TH E CRISIS bench. The simple worship of Heaven was restored, with high Christian elements. The scholar sipped his tea. quoted the Sermon on the Mount, quoted the Apostle Paul, quoted Mencius again, and practically every Chinaman was a scholar. Machinery was now the slave and not the master of Society. The Golden Man retained, indeed, the most scientific national and family relations. But he had learned to justify them by the five classics. His revolution had not been in vain. When he nodded, Asia had to kneel. He dominated by no apparent conquest but seemingly by bis sedate carriage, bis level glance, his deliberate fan. "Their novelists showed to the judicious that the golden people were still human, and their deep-burrowing sociologists made their sins seem black, but bow could we realize it. who met them in public matters only ? How could we resist the well-disposed, iron-boned gentlemen, when they came as the apostles of light and altruism? To be sure we had made great steps since the sordid ages, but beside them, we seemed to have been retrograding. To be sure we had sculpture and architecture greater than theirs, but they bad taught us to apologize for them by showing at the right moment, dazzling textiles, ceramics and bronzes. We had a power in music they could not reach but they hinted our accomplishment in this direction was a mark of national effeminacy. They spoke lightly but confidently of their jades and mosaics, their new schools of pantomine and drama. We had a poetry of our own. but they made the poems collected by Confucius more loved by the world. " 'Indeed,' said one of their scholars to his prince, 'in the presence of the well-rounded daily life of China, how brash seem the unclothed inventions of this whey-faced Democracy, where the weakling or diseased are tolerated for their votes and praised for their perverseness, where forever and forever the fairest tilings are tarnished with stupidity.' IV. How the White Man Was Enslaved. "The Golden-faced men came to our land with that apparent humility that hides; one knows not what. They were ostensibly, hired servants of our public, scientific road-builders, park-architects, expert accountants, linguists, lecturers. Later they came as the establishes of immemorial ceremonies in the courts of our governors, who found the ways of the Golden People indispensable for the glory of their administrations. They became valuable political advisers. Ceremony blended with intrigue. Politeness became the poisoned sword of politics, and left the puzzled voters out of the government. "Many Europeans, not in the pay of the Chinese, have maintained that our first fifty years as a Chinese province were the greatest in our history. When the pagodas began to rise, when the so-called orange-toned school of city-building, first earned by the Japanese into China, was brought here with distinctly Chinese changes, all our best spirits felt the fertilizing effect. Our young scholars, returning from Pekin with the highest degrees, had the faculty of finding every man of talent and firing his zeal for constructive reform till he was like an amber flame. And in season and out these scholars were disposed to voice their gratitude to the eternal lights of China. "Our common people did not fare as well as our cultured classes, but knew it not. In the words of one of our own historians, •They moved about, anemic and restless, like the petted white monkeys that eat sweetmeats in the palaces of India.' "Gradually the strength of the Golden-faced became an ingenious tyranny. They protested they meant us well. and. individually many of them did. but collectively we were the weaker because our social system was more impure. And so we had to go down through caste and serfdom to slavery. Only when it was too late did we know of the system of engines in the Chinese laboratories especially constructed, to insure our obedience.'' T". The Praise of Lin-Kan. "In our endless nightmare we scarcely noted the young sage who was traveling around the world with his group of students, like Confucius, seeking that magistrate who would allow him to set up his ideal government. Indeed, in his majestic and superior doctrines, the great Lin-Kon was nearer to Confucius than to any other teacher." A spiritual wind swept through the au dience. Again they burst through the shame of showing emotion. They rocked in their seats and wept and shouted. They thanked Heaven and thanked God for Lin-Kon. Indeed it was a curious audience. The wierdness and horror of Eurasianism was over it all—that which would fain be white, and yet be yellow, never' knowing its own THE GOLDEN-FACED PEOPLE 	39 mind. That audience was full of mixed tastes. A few still wore gowns according to the ancient fashions of white people, which, somehow remembered, were permitted again when we were emancipated. But most of them were anxious to be in fashion rather than to be free, if their costumes told anything. The gowns of most of the women and children were embroidered with turkey-cocks, peach-blooms and demons, in the prevailing Chinese fashion. And the majority of the men were in stately impractical blue and grey scholars' gowns, which looked foolish on manual laborers. Now I found myself wandering from the text, often reading it mechanically, to reflect upon these things. There were all possible grades of half-breeds before me, and I noted with a kind of inward twitch that the heads of the men became more nobly formed in proportion as their eyebrows straightened and their hair approached Chinese black. The proudest of the women were plainly those with facial contours sleek as carved jade, with complexions neither gold nor silver, yet both. These were women, I somehow understood, who had no husbands of their own race, but had mysterious relations with certain leading Chinamen of the town, and their children, even prouder than they, sat beside them even more golden of face, even more reserved of manner, and loaded down with jewels. "It was in these provinces," I continued, "that Lin-Kon saw men and women chained to what was actually a state auction-block, though defended under a technical name. He saw our fathers sold into hard labor and our mothers into destruction. He had been born on the hardy plains of central China where the people have a rough sort of equality, being all one race. Kneeling before the sacred image of Equality in this very town he swore 'by the Justice of Heaven' that he would some time 'hit the curse of Slavery and hit it hard.' "And the story will be told to-night by better orators than the one now speaking, how the celestial abolitionists looked upon their humbler brethren and resolved to make them equal with themselves or destroy the reigning dynasty in the attempt, and how, led and mastered and disciplined by the immortal Lin-Kon, they secured through bloody revolution an equal place for us before the Law. "But I must be brief. I leave these mat ters to these other gentlemen on the platform. I have been asked to say a few words on the issues of the hour. At the mass-meeting of the celestials of the whole city to celebrate Lin-Kon this afternoon, in the public Square, in the shadow of the statue of Equality, great pains were taken to keep white men and Eurasians off the platform or the committees, though it was a civic and not a social occasion. Naturally, but not wisely, we have been indignant. We have declared it was like playing Hamlet without the melancholy Dane. We have maintained that our voices would not necessarily have defiled their ears, neither should our rejoicings have made them sad. We were going to protest, but better councils prevailed. We can now celebrate here, in our own temple, in our own district of the city. We have privileges sufficient for rejoicing. Our right to political equality is written in the constitution, and as soon as we deserve it we will have it in fact. Already we have the full benefit of the law in many of our rights. Let us forget that we cannot wear swords. We do not need them. At least I can say we need money far more. Our next step is not sword equality but commercial equality. We must soberly and quietly look out for ourselves in business. There are no fatherly Chinese reformers watching over us. Lin-Kon is fifty years dead, and the Abolitionists are under the sod, and all that generation. We must not ask for social equality, nor to have the color-line rubbed out. Our highest dream must be, by patience and dignity, by more care for ethics and ceremony, by a sweeter Christianity to attain to a sort of spiritual rank with the conservative, everlasting race that still dominates." There was a tremendous pandemonium of acclaim. I sat down deeply pleased and thrilled, for my last words had been pretty stiff medicine for the once proud Anglo-Saxon. VI.	 The Chinaman Treats Me as an Equal, Though I Am Not. I was sitting by the Celestial now. By an impreceptible gesture he had called me to his side as I put my manuscript into my pocket. I forgot not his resemblance to the laundryman I seemed to have known millions of years ago, yet it did not interfere with the intensity of my present exultation at his kindness. I knew that he shrunk from me as from a leper, yet his attention was an accolade. He whispered: "Servant, can you 40 THE come with me?" I answered: "Honorable sir, J am with you." We threaded the packed aisles, the people giving' way before him as before a demi-god. My heart bumped like a tire-engine. My cheeks seemed scalded with the blood in them. I knew that every speaker left behind envied me, that each one had planned a sentence or so that he had expected to roll out with special eloquence and make a hit with that Golden Man. Now 1 was stealing their audience. How soft and cool was the night air. Under the dingy street-lamps of the white man's quarter there was a sad and radiant dignity about my companion that put a childish aching and choking in my throat. I said in my heart, as his measured words came to me like balm: "I would be willing to be skinned alive just to be like him. He justifies the ages." Yet he was simple enough in conversation. He said: "I was anxious to hear your Lin-Kon's birthday celebration, and compare it with our own. I have been deeply gratified at the tone of your address." 1 was silent. I did not know how to thank him. With just the right deliberation we entered the brilliant celestial streets, as though crossing that invisible line were crossing no line at all. I had an eye for the pageantry, and Lin-Kon's name in golden letters everywhere. The sage by my side was saying: "Servant, I was anxious to hear the rest of your speakers, but am due at the other banquet. I feel sure that the other men on your programme will adopt, the same exalted tone that you used in your address." "Master, they will, they will," I said hastily, and then blushed. "I mean they will not say anything violent or incendiary. They will"— "1 understand what you mean," he said with the greatest, kindness. "I am going to proclaim, at our banquet to-night, as the watchword of reconstruction that saying of Lin-Kon : 'The superior man shows malice toward none and charily for all.' In addition I shall read them, if you are willing, the section of your manuscript in which you counsel 'Sweet Christianity.' It is good for both races to know such a word has been given to-night." I said: "I will feel a terrible shame, master, if you become absurd for my sake." He made a gesture as though my words of self-deprecation were tossed aside. His face CRISIS glowed with a determination to be just. He came of the oldest and the proudest of the Chinese clans. Aspirations lofty and immemorial had 'formed his forehead and purged his eyes of cunning and scorn. But I went on : "You cannot make me a hero in your assembly. You will lose face, and more than lose face. You and I will be misunderstood and vilified, now and hereafter. Whatever we say on Lin-Kon's Birthday, we know a white criminal is made more famous in a day in the gold newspapers, than a white preacher can become by endless talk of 'Sweet Christianity.' " We paused before the statue of Equality. She was a vast Sphinx-like creature. The animals beneath her claws, supposed to represent Prejudice, and slain Tyranny, were carved like those on the avenue to the Ming Tombs. Her half-shut-eyes held unfathomable thought. Many men 'who passed by saluted her gravely, so I presumed it was a custom. But my noble friend did more than that. He turned and put both hands on my shoulders, made me look him in the eyes, and shook me by the hand. His inner exultation must have been tremendous to overcome his natural shrinking from my white and ghastly skin. I gave him the manuscript. I regretted it the moment it had left my hand. VII. I Almost Wake Up, Yet Dream On. We were at the door of the banqueting hall. We passed through long lines of white lackeys who bent respectful eyes on my companion, and supercillious eyes on me. I began to tremble. Indeed I loved the man for his unworldliness, but I wanted to get my manuscript from him before he absent-mindedly led me into the very presence of the revellers themselves. He was expounding to me his views of the Anglo-Saxon talent for Drama, glossing over the faults of Shakespeare and showing his real native worth. He was talking rather loudly in his generous excitement. AND NOW HE HAD DONE IT. I WAS PROFANING THE INNER SANCTUARY WHERE NO WHITE MAN DARED GO UNLESS ATTIRED AS A SERVANT . There were the dazzling revellers. T had a confused picture of an enormous feast, many men drunk. And all those men at those long tables turned from their god-like nectar-drinking to stare at. us. I could not but note that my companion was the most majestic presence there. But they scarcely saw him. They gazed at me as THE GOLDEN-FACED PEOPLE though they would never take their eyes away. I was the cynosure of a thousand reproving and astonished glances. They were as fascinated as they would have been had a giant jungle elephant suddenly risen from the earth. And just as they could not take their eyes away, so 1 could not help gazing at the endless phosphorescent crystals on the sword-hilts of these gentlemen. For every one was armed with that death-dealing electrical blade that only the pure Chinese are permitted to carry. I seemed to be waking up. I struggled to cry out. I resolved to take any means possible to wake myself completely and irrevocably—as one often does in the midst of a nightmare. I felt, in the foolish logic of nightmares, that if I could get my manuscript I could break the spell. I took it hastily from the hands of my companion as he was bidding me farewell. Instantly it changed to my own bundle of laundry. I said to myself: "I am awake at last." But instead, I faced the most terrible part of my dream. The face of my dear friend, that philosophic spirit, that guide through darkness, underwent a complete degradation. It shrivelled like a leaf in a fire, it became petty and full of hate. Uttering inarticulate cries he struggled with me for the bundle, and fell on one knee. He was thoroughly angry because he had fallen, and because his robe of honor was lleeked with dust. I still had the victory. "Would you put me into contempt, robber'?" he breathed. "You shall be punished." Then, turning, in a voice that brought the whole company to their feet with grave and sobered concern, and finally set their swords whirring in the air, he cried: "This is a robber, an insulter and an incendiary. He has just been addressing a mob of his people. He has said: 'The White Race or the Chinese must perish. The whole white quarter will be armed in an hour.' " As he spoke, every face in that company shrivelled to the pettiness and fury of his own. "Burn him alive!" they shouted. "Burn him alive!" I was fleeing through those time-worn splendid streets with the speed which we can only accomplish in dreams. I had the wild hope that I could reach my own people and warn them that the mob was coming. It seemed to me I could hear the whole yellow race roaring just behind. I reached our assembly hall. The man on the platform was at the climax of his oration "Lin-Kon has often been compared to Confucius." . . . But eveu now blood was (lowing. My Chinese friend who had once been so lofty and so kind was shouldering up the aisle laying right and left with his fearful magic sword. Immediately behind him came a company of the banqueters, cutting and thrusting like mad. The leader was on the platform in a Mash. He struck the miserable speaker on the mouth with the flat of his hand, and then beheaded him. The swordsmen appeared to grow impossibly emaciated and tall, yet with broad, square shoulders. They leaned over the audience like reapers. They mowed down my wailing people like weeds. I turned. I wrenched desperately at the rings in those iron doors by which, early in the evening, I came to this place. Now I was in the yellow fog once more, crawling on the iron-floored passageway. 1 felt if I could get to the other end I could awake. My feet and hands were like magnets, clinging to the floor. VIII. The White Race Still Supreme. "Well, well, you brought him to, doctor. I thought that broom had finished him." . . . 1 was hack in the twentieth century, in the laundry-shop. I was on the counter by the window. Friends in festive attire were flocking round me, good fellows all, the blooded youth of the town. I said to myself: "I am awake at last." Three or four policemen held the door. Outside the mob howled and peered. Across the street dangled four men, hanged by the neck till they were dead. An officer pointed to the nearest. "That's your Chinaman," he said. "Who hung him?" "The mob." "Who is the next man?" "That is a Japanese." "Who is I lie next?" "That is just a Greek." "What did he do?" The Irishman laughed. "I dunno," he said, "these foreigners have to keep out of the way, I suppose." Then by way of information he added: "The Greeks are an awful ignorant people." "Who is the fourth man?" "Oh, that's just a nigger." "Why did they hang him?" TH E CRISIS "Why, I suppose they did not want to burn him alive on Lincoln's Birthday." "But why did they hang him? What did he do?" "I dunno. I guess he was too free with his lip. The best nigger on earth is not as good as the worst white man. Niggers are all alike. There was a Negro in Indiana the other day." . . . And he told the usual story. "Yes," agreed a Southerner. "The best nigger is not as good as the worst white man. But we don't lynch 'em in our corner of Virginia unless we know they're guilty. And, squinting up his eyes at the mob: "We don't leave the dirty work to the poor white trash." I found myself able to stand and receive the congratulations of the company. "Now wash the blood off your head and hands, old man," continued' the Southerner, "and we TWO "In Black and While: An interpretation of Southern Life." By L. H. Hammond. F. H. Revel Co., N. Y., 1914. 244 pages. MRS. HAMMOND has written an unusual book. It is the attempt of a southern white woman to apply the modern philanthropic attitude to the race relations of the South. Al l this is new. Usually the southern white woman is dumb and "pretty." When she has applied her intelligence to the race problem it has been to utter the most reactionary thoughts. It has been quite the fashion, too, to consider the southern race problem as so exceptional as to have practically nothing in common with problems of labor and uplift elsewhere. "You know we have no working class in the South," said one white girl student, innocently. Mrs. Hammond speaks from curious vantage ground. Her husband is the southern white president of a colored school—an exceptional position and very trying. It was reported that when his acceptance of this position was announced, a large part of his fashionable Nashville audience arose and left the church. Mrs. Hammond herself was the daughter of liberal parents, slaveholders, but not believers in slavery. She grew up with broad sympathies and saw the best side of slavery. One of the few debatable points in her book will go home with you and get you ready for the banquet yet." Sure enough there was my laundry bundle on the table. I opened it. The shirt was not soiled with blood where it would show. We managed to dodge the crowd by using the side door. In my room I made a quick change. We were only fifty minutes late. The banquet had gone on with none of the other guests knowing what was happening outside. The Southerner gracefully ended the evening by his speech on Lincoln as an example of the survival of the fittest, accompanied by a eulogy of Darwin. Like the rest of the speakers, he did not touch on the race question or the question of equality at all. But he had everything commendable to say of Lincoln, the self-made railsplitter and backwoodsman, the perfect pioneer type. BOOKS is the insistance that "Thousands of slaveowners, like my own parents, thought slavery wrong, and confidently expected the time, not far distant, when the states would themselves abolish it. The South did not fight for slavery." The book is composed of eight chapters. The first is a passionate call to the South for a humanitarian outlook: "Are we the only folk on earth responsible for a 'submerged tenth?' But if the burden is not peculiar? If it is our part of a world-wide task? If everywhere men living under such conditions as do the majority of our Negroes are reacted upon by their environment just as the Negroes are? If we have mistakenly counted our poverty line and our color line as one?" She insists on the essential humanity of all races: "Skins differ in color, heads are shaped differently; one man's mind runs ahead of his sympathies, perhaps, and another man's mind may creep while his emotional nature runs rampant. But under all outward differences their fundamental humanity is as much the same as is the earth under the mountain and the hill." She says of "race pride": "Life does not develop towards uniform TWO lty, but towards richness of variety in a unity of beauty and service. Unless the Race of Man contradicts all known laws of life it will develop in the same way; and whether white, or yellow, or black, they who guard their own racial integrity, in a spirit of brotherhood free from all other racial scorn, will most truly serve the Race to which all belong." Other chapters take up specific evils: the injustice of southern courts and industrial relations, and the shame of the "Jim-Crow" car. Her husband tells her of his travel with a colored colleague. The wdiite man was exhausted even with sleeping cars, dining rooms, and decent day coaches, but the colored man! " 'How Gilbert stands it, physically or religiously, I cannot see,' he said. 'He goes half the time without lying down to sleep. If I were not with him, to dash into some white restaurant and buy him a cup of coffee and something to eat, he would often go hungry.' " The author particularly emphasizes the need of better housing and surroundings for Negroes and she slaps Mr. Washington's counsels of contentment with a ghetto full in the face with this: "When by their own efforts a few Negroes secure a respectable neighborhood, families of the better class building up a little community of their own, they are peculiarly liable to have saloons and houses of ill-fame thrust upon them by a low class of whites whom the upper classes do not restrain. The Negro owner of a city home, whatever his education or business success, whatever the sum invested in his property, cannot be sure, from month to month, of retaining for his family surroundings compatible with moral health and safety." •	 She goes on to say: " 'If you white people could only understand,' a Negro woman said to me not long ago, her face fired with feeling. 'We don't want our homes where we're not wanted. But we want to be decent, too. And it's the same all over the country—anything will do for a "nigger." You think we're all alike, and you don't care what happens to us just as we're out of your sight. My husband and I were living in Denver; and we had money to pay for a comfortable house. But there wasn't a place for rent to Negroes that a self-respecting Negro would have. And how will my people ever learn to be decent if BOOKS 	13 they must live in the white people's vice district"?' " "We have no right to treat people like that. In one large southern city, with high taxes and a big revenue and an expensive health department, a white friend of mine counted one morning twelve dead cats and dogs, in various stages of decomposition, in one short Negro alley. It was not an uncommon sight, except that the corpses were rather numerous. The outhouses are vile beyond description, a menace not merely to the Negroes but to the entire community. Yet if a Negro tries to buy a home in a healthful part of town we think his one motive is to thrust himself upon us, socially, just as far as he dares." She touches the care of children and the awful canker of southern criminal methods. She calls for service and co-operation between white and black in social uplift work. She asks white and colored women to stand together in mutual defense and finally she visions the Great Adventure of those "who walk in love." It is a fine book. It spells "Negro" with a capital: "In obedience to the rule which requires all race-names to begin with a capital letter, e. g., Indian, Teuton, Zulu, Maori, Anglo-Saxon, Filipino, etc., etc." The book has, of course, its little faults— a tendency to emphasize philanthropy rather than self-expression, and evident limited knowledge of the better classes of colored folk; but then these detract but little from an author whose earnestness and sincerity and human breadth stands out splendidly. "Industrial Conditions Among: Negroes in St. Louis." By W. A. Crossland. (Washington University Studies in Social Economics, Vol. I, No. 1.) 75 cents. Mr. Crossland's study of St. Louis' colored people, which inaugurates a series of social studies, is very well done. It is concise, readable, and the author knows his subject. We can best give an idea of the work by quoting his more important findings. "There are five colored districts, two of them located in the very heart of the city. Housing conditions are bad, over-crowding is common, but to no greater extent than exists in districts peopled by other races living on the same economic plane. Two of the residence districts are very desirable, both as to their location and the character TH E CRISIS of the dwellings. The Negro wage-earning population is composed of 17,348 males and 7,758 females, 10 years of age and over. A n interesting feature of the population was the few wage-earners from 10 to 16 years of age, due to the exclusion of Negro boys and girls from factory work. "Over 226 different occupations were found in which Negroes were engaged. The occupations naturally fall into the following groups: Professional, Business, Clerical, Personal Service, Artisan, Factory, Common Labor, Boys and Women. Another division of groups may be made by taking the first three of those who earn their bread by mental toil, and the remaining six groups as those who live by manual toil. Nine-tenths of all the wage-earners are found within the last four groups. If the artisan group is included, the percentage rises to 96. Here is where the great mass of Negro wage-earners are to be found, engaging in unskilled occupations, none of which, with the exception of the factory group, offer any great possibility of advancement. The great problem in cities is to better the economic condition of this unskilled nine-tenths. Barely four per cent, of Negro workers earn their living by mental toil. An encouraging shifting of Negro wage-earners from group to group was detected. The factory and common labor groups have grown at the expense of the personal service group, which includes the least desirable occupations of all. Still personal service claims 37 per cent., considerably over one-third of the total number of wage earners. The percentages for the other groups are: Factory, 20.3; common labor, 29.1; boys, 6.2; artisan, 3.0; clerical, 1.7: business, l.S; professional, 0.5. The greatest chance to advance is to be found in the factory and artisan groups. "Wage statistics showed that the average weekly wage for different groups were: Professional, $29.76; business, $16.50; clerical, $19.26; artisan, $16.45; personal service, $10.86; factory, $13.76; common labor, $13.86; boys, $5.34; women, $5.88. Over three-fourths of the colored male workers receive an average weekly wage under $15.00; one-half of them average under $12.00. An estimate based on all available data showed that the total yearly earnings of St. Louis' colored wage earners totaled approximately $12,000,000, and certainly much in excess of eleven million. Of this amount two and one-tenth millions were contributed by the women; over nine-tenths of this income is earned and expended by the unskilled Negro laborers, who live on a low economic plane. A noteworthy fact is the ability of colored men to vary their occupations to suit conditions. Scanty data from the State Free Employment Bureau gave the Negro a good work record. There are very limited means open to the Negro for securing employment through the labor agencies. The unskilled Negro problem is only a part of that greater city problem, namely, the bettering of the industrial conditions of the poor. "The professional, business and clerical workers were considered together as they earn their livelihood by mental toil. The first group are the best paid members of the colored race. Most of them are well prepared in their chosen fields and compare favorably with professional workers among the whites. "The business group has greater possibilities for growth. The large majority of business enterprises have sprung up within the last ten years. Approximately a quarter of a million dollars is invested in St. Louis' colored enterprises, and this capital is distributed through many fields and not massed in a few lines of business. Entrepreneurs started with small capital and within a comparatively short time have built up their business to respectable proportions. The estimated yearly sales are in excess of $1,000,000, or about eight or nine per cent, of the estimated annual earnings of the colored people of St. Louis. Indications show that business growth will be more rapid in the future than in the past. "The lowest paid and least desirable group is composed of the personal service workers. Aside from the Pullman and hotel service the workers are engaged in menial, disagreeable tasks. The group is declining, probably losing its members to the factory and common labor groups. There is practically no chance for advancement in any occupation of the group. "The most skillful and well paid of all the manual laborers are the artisan workers. They are composed mainly of building laborers and chauffeurs. The number in the group could be increased if colored labor were more largely utilized through the agency of an employment bureau, similar to&gt; the one in operation in Kansas City. Addi- TH E BURDEN tions to the group are few because of the hostility of white labor unions." m The excellent work of Dr. S. C. Fuller, the pathologist of the Westboro Insane Asylum, Massachusetts, is further shown by his latest pamphlet on "Amyloid Degeneration of the Brain," reprinted from the American Journal of Insanity for April, 1914. Dr. Fuller's standing as a scientist is equal to that of Dr. C. H . Turner of St. Louis, and yet J. McKeen Cattell says in Science (Vol. 39, No. 1004, P. 5), "There is not a single mulatto who has done creditable scientific work." Of course, Mr. Cattell did not know, etc., etc. But it was his business to know. THE BURDEN South Carolina, Oct. 7, 1914. Dear Mr. Editor: In addressing this letter to you I am endeavoring to find a friend who is willing to aid a worthy one in need. I do not feel that this letter will interest you very much, as, no doubt, you have already received many such letters. But I realize that there is always a possibility of an honest effort being crowned with success. Hence, my determination to continue. I am not asking alms. I am simply seeking aid to carry me over this crisis, which you will better understand when I explain further on. The situation is this: I am sole owner of 110 acres of good farming land in Cokesburg Township, Greenwood County, this State, 50 acres of which I bought three years ago. I have made improvements on the place to the amount of several hundred dollars, including the drilling of an artisian well, building fences, barn and dwelling house, besides live stock and farming implements. I have been compeled to borrow money to do this. And the last three years have been very unfavorable" on account of droughts. Now we can get only 7 cents per pound for cotton, which this year cost me 9 cents to make, not counting my own time. Our notes will be due soon and unless we can get aid from somewhere, will be compelled to give our cotton away for 7 cents, though it would little more than pay the interest. I want to give some one who will give me a chance to pay him, a mortgage on all of my belongings for sufficient money to pay off my indebtedness. Can you point me to such a one? Or, can you point me to one or many who will buy our 15 bales of cotton at 10 cents per pound1? If you can, or if you cannot, you will confer a great favor on me to even just write a letter of encouragement in answer to this. This is not intended for publication, but should you desire to do so, please withhold my name and oblige, Yours sincerely, P. S.—The buy-a-bale movement that is advertised so extensively, does not reach we colored people at all. We do not and need not expect any help from that source. Whatever happens, I will be glad to write yon more in detail if you so desire. COLORED MEN AND WOMEN LYNCHED WITHOUT TRIAL 1885 78 1900 107 1886 71 1901 107 1887 80 1902 86 1888 95 1903 86 1889 95 1904 83 1890 90 1905 61 1891 121 1906 64 1892 155 1907 60 1893 154 1908 93 1894 134 1909 73 1895 112 1910 65 1896 80 1911 63 1897 122 1912 63 1898 102 1913 79 1899 84 1914. 9 months.. 35 Total 2,698 46 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER SCHOOL OF BEAUTY CULTURE AND HAIR DRESSING Kelsey's Hair Dressing, Hair Grower, Scalp Tonic and Face Lotion have no equal. Price, 50c. each. Guaranteed under Food and Drug Act, June 30, 1906. Manicuring, Shampooing, Hair Dressing, Marcel Wav ing. Facial and Body Massage, Hair Making, Chiropody, etc., scientifically taught. Unlimited practice in parlor KELSEY'S day and night. Pupils taught at home, if desired. Diplomas. Special Summer Course, $7.50 up. Send for Telephone, Morningside 8162 • booklet. Mme. A. Carter Kelsey, Gen'l Instr.; Dr. Samuel 143	 West 131st St. A. Kelsey, Chiropodist, President and Gen'l Manager. NEW YORK Teachers The new efficiency era calls I L \ V . 11 I . I\. J modern way of for the selecting teachers, through a live agency that furnishes the connecting medium in a business way, saves time of school officials, relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting and covers the whole country. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia, Our list of teachers covers even a wider territory. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1335 T Street, N. W. Washington, D. C. Onl y No. 24 Southern Buggy Highest Grade $65.00 A Value Unequaled. Sold on $i.oo Front Margin From Factory to User Write for prices and other styles. Send for catalog- C.	 R. PATTERSON &amp; SONS. Greenfield, Ohio Largest Negro Carriage concern In the United States. Start a Mail Order Business and Make Money You can operate in your own home during spare time. The parcel post has opened up the doors of opportunity to YOU . Others are making $20 to $500 a week. Why can't you? By our method you can start with $5 and up. We offer you thirty live, money-making mail order plans. You can make 95 cents profit of every dollar order. We furnish circulars, printed matter and place your advertising at lowest rates. Send 10 cents for complete outfit. Do it today—Now ! MAIL DEALERS WHOLESALE HOUSE 517 Dearborn Street Chicago, Ill. RELIABLE, LIVE, RESPONSIBLE ME N who can sell real estate can MAK E MORE than $200 PER MONTH acting as AGENTS for the sale of our properties in MUSKOGEE and TAFT, OKLAHOMA. The real coming country where there are opportunities and openings for all. Write us to-day, giving your age and experience, and we will offer you a FINE PROPOSITION WHICH WILL MAKE YOU MONEY. Address REEVES REALTY CO. Department C 217	 FLYNN-AMES BLDG. MUSKOGEE, OKLA. Made-to-Measure Express $275 Prepaid Pants cut in the latest style. Made-to-your individual measure. Fit, workmanship and wear guaranteed. No Extra Charge for peg tops, no matter how extreme you order them. Agents Wanted A good live hustler in every town to take orders for our celebrated made-to-measure clothes. Samples of all the latest materials FREE. We Pay Big Money to our agents everywhere. Turn your spare time into cash by taking orders for our stylish clothes. Write today for beautiful FREE outfit. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Department 129 CHICAGO $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK REGALIA A Race Enterprise Manufacturing Badges, Banners and Supplies for all Fraternal and Church Societies. Catalog upon request. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. Jos. L. Jones, Pro., N. E. Corner 8th and Plum Streets, Cincinnati, Obio the crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Atlanta University A NEW WAY Studies of the To GetYour Clothesfree Negro Problems A NEW PLAN TO MAKE BIG MONEY DURING 17 Monographs Sold Separately YOUR SPARE TIME Address Something different — better, ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE bigger, more liberal than any ATLANTA UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GA. offer ever made. Lower prices—better clothes— bigger cash profits —Ex press paid on everything. The Curse of Race Prejudice Double Pay By James F. Morton, Jr., A . M . FRE E clothes and cash profits besides. W e don't ask you An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon cham to use your cash profits for pion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for your own clothes. Ours is a clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Benew and better plan. longs in the library of every friend of social justice. A n Extra Present with every order. Not a prize Price 25 cents. Send orders to scheme. Choose what you want, work tor it and get it besides your Cash Profits. Agent's Com JAMES F. MORTON, JR. plete Outfit FREE , fifty-six stylish, real cloth 211 West 138th Street -:- New York, N. Y. samples — fifty Fashion Plates. Inside wholesale prices. Everything FREE . Get into the big money-making class. Just put your name on a post card and mail it to us today. SPENCER MEAD CO., Dept. 620, Chicago FREE TO MINISTERS ONLY Swedenborg's "Arcana Celestia," Vol. I., and one of the following for 30 cents to cover postage: "The True Christian Religion," "The Apocalypse MANY MORE TEACHER S Revealed," "Divine Love and Wisdom," "Heaven are needed to supply the demands upon us. Hundreds of and Hell," "Divine Providence," and "Biography of Swedenborg," by Worcester. experienced or well-prepared teachers can join us to their These books are cloth bound and run in pages from advantage. We can place you if you can be placed. 277 to 1100. THE NATIONAL TEACHERS' AGENCY REV. L. G. LANDENBERGER B. F. BOWLES, Manager 3741 Windsor Place -:- St. Louis. Mo. 2739 CONVERSE AVE. EAST ST. LOUIS. ILL. The Poems of Phillis Wheatley The Crisis Calendar for 1915 the ea rly Negro poetess collected by Containing a quotation from a Negro writer for RICHARD R. WRIGHT, JR., and each week in the new year and historic dates in CHARLOTTE CROGMAN WRIGHT each month which will be of especial interest to and arranged in an attractive volume suitable for a Xmas gift. you. Price, One Dollar Price. Twenty-five Cents TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: :: New York 70 Fifth Avenue :; :: New York TEACHERS—ATTENTION! Competent teachers can secure good positions in the South. The demand for teachers who can hold positions as Principals or Department Heads is greatly in excess of the supply. We make it our business to find the place for you that you have prepared yourself to fill. Send stamp for further information with registration blank and contract. Address: TEXAS COLORED TEACHERS' AGENCY, P. 0. Box D 1099, DALLAS, TEXAS Ship your Yam Sweet Potatoes, Poultry, Eggs and other Farm Products to GHOLSON &amp; COTTMAN THE MOST RELIABLE PRODUCE HOUSE 1S32 South St., Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER MILES M. WEBB School of Practical Photography All branches of photography taught. Terms reasonable. Service efficient. Three courses: Amateur, intermediate, professional. REGISTER NOW. 3519 So. STATE STREET CHICAGO, III. Telephone Douglass 6688 HOTEL COMFORT AND CAFE Open all the Year Corner Second Street and Bay Avenue Ocean City, New Jersey Mrs. M . • B. Comfort, Proprietress. Beautiful location, fine view of Great Egg Harbor Bay, the Inlet and the Atlantic Ocean. Boating, bathing, fishing and tennis. Thirty minutes to Atlantic City by electric cars or steamboats. GEORGIA STATE COLORED FAIR NOVEMBER 18-28, 1914 Wants Colored Entertainers $5000.00 IN PREMIUMS Write R. R. WRIGHT, President, SAVANNAH , GA iAgents $60 WEEKLY Let Me Start You in the, Mailorder Business $25 a Week For Your Spare Time $40 to $75 Weekly For Your Entire Time That is the money you should make in the mail-order business. I want an ambitious man in your community to act as my Branch Manager, and build up a successful, prosperous mail-order business, just ashave. I will help you to do it, show you how fortunes are made in this fascinating business, and supply you with everything needed to start. No Experience Needed. I Show Yo u How. You need no experience to become my Branch Manager. I want honest men of determination who are ambitious to succeed, and I will teach such a man all he needs to know to handle the business successfully. If you are one of the thousands of slaves to the pay-check, grinding away the best years of your life for some other man's profit, let me show you how to embark in a business that should free you forever from this grinding, body-wracking wage slavery. Let me show you the way to financial independence and happiness. A few dollars starts you. Then by putting1 your profits each week back into the business you should grow rapidly. 1 show you how to make a start with just a few dollars and the postman should soon wear a path to your door laden with letters, orders, and moneyed mail. m Yon Need No Office. Your Own Home Will Do.The beauty of it all is, you need no office, no expensive office equipment. You don't even need to quit your regular job; just work in your own home, evenings, spare time, etc. Let your wife, sister, mother or relatives help you. You need no outside help. Think of it! A chance to build up a big, successful, mail-order business right at home in your spare time. Isn't that great? Isn't that wonderful? RISE, GO ON AND UP! The road is clear. A glorious future summons you to the battle of betterment. Pare on, you whose souls are bruised with past defeats. Twist your frown into a smile, because fortune awaits you N&lt; &gt;W. Let me show you bow to BE more, DO more. HAVE more in this life. Don't bea WISHER and a HOPER and a HESITATOR, held down by foolish doubts and empty fears. Don't be timid, clinging; with a drowning man's grasp to your slender salary, just because you think money-making is a mystery that you can never learn. I will do my level best to put you on the quick road to independence and show you how to get a look-in at luxury and happiness. Don't be a boss-seared, job-hugging, wage-cowed slave; stop doing the dull drudge lock-step to and from work. Let me set off the sky-rocket of your ambition NOW. Pardon my plain talk, but plain talk, like the arnica yon put on a burn, stings like blazes but goes straight to the spot. Plain talk stings good men to action; prods their pride and puts them on the primrose pathway to prosperity. Make Profits For Yourself—Not For Others. Start Now. Write me at once and begin pulling out of 1 he wage rut. No reason why you cannot have people everywhere remitting money to you while you sit in your home or office, gathering in BIG PROFITS. Mine is the ideal proposition for Aspiring Success Seekers and Aspiring Money Makers. You should quickly become a daily bank depositor and see your profits pile up and bring you all those wonderful, long-wanted, wished-for luxuries of life, which will give you priceless independence and enable you to bid your pay-check pals good-bye forever. Remember I supply everything you need to start, including my $10 Correspondence Instruction Course which I furnish you FREE. Write me. as you value vour future success, NOW' T allan C. Butler, 146 Factories Bldg., Toledo. Ohio PROFITABLE SPARE TIME WORK Colored agents wanted to take orders for our high grade calling cards. Big demand everywhere. Exclusive territory. Write now for samples and terms. THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING . Indianapolis. Ind. e&amp;EgP Robinson Folding Bath Tub. Big seller. Costs little, 1111 plumbing, litte water. Weight 15 pounds, DO YOU BUY BOOKS? T ^^^^folds Into small roll. Full length baths, far better than ten tubs guaranteed 10 years. $10 a day easily made. Write forfree tub offer. Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co., 334 factories Bldg.,Tolodo,O. See Special "List, Page 51 Mention T m CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER To the Masonic Fraternity The CRISIS has the honor to announce the publication of the most important book on Negro Masonry since Upton's epoch-making work; and the only book written by an authority from our own point of view. THE AUTHOR is George W. Crawford, 32° A graduate of Tuskegee, Talladega and Yale, formerly clerk of the Probate Court of New Haven and now a practicing lawyer there. Mr. Crawford is one of the best informed masons in the country. TH E BOOK is Prince Hall and His Followers And is a carefully argued defense of the legitimacy of Negro Masonry in the United States, with notes and documents. READY NOW Price One Dollar. Postage Extra. ORDER NOW AGENTS WANTED TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York Mention TH E CRISIS TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER LEGAL DIRECTORY /Central 104-W Telephones: (Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio Office L . D. Telephone 3297 Market Kesidence L . D. Telephone 5277-M Market GEORGE A. DOUGLAS COUNSELOR-AT-LAW Rooms 613-614, Metropolitan Building 113 Market St., Cor. Washington, Newark, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. GEORGE W. MITCHELL ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 908 Walnut Street Philadelphia Pa. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass. Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. F. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORN EYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Phones: Office, Bell 4059; New 420-M Residence, New 733-A THOS. E. GREENE, JR. ATTORNEY AND COUNSELOR-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC Maloney Block Youngstown, Ohio B. F. BOOTH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW 57 N . Second Street Memphis Tenn. THOMAS W. HOLMES ATTORNEY AT LAW 431/2 Decatur Street Atlanta. Georgia PERSONAL CARDS Telephone 5277 Morningside DR. GERTRUDE E. CURTIS SURGEON DENTIST 188 W. 135th Street New York City WILLIAM L. BELL ARCHITECT 138 1/2 Auburn Avenue Atlanta, Ga. E. ALDAMA JACKSON Graduate Institute of Musical Art, Organist and Director of Music St. Mark's M. E. Church Teacher of Theory and Piano Theory course embraces elementary and advanced Harmony or Counterpoint. Private or Class Work Studio : 30 W. 132d STREET, NEW YORK CITY J. E. ORMES ACCOUNTANT Audits Systems Business information by mail. Open for engagements July and August Box 25, Wilberforce University Wilberforce, O. Telephone 4214 Greeley BRANIC'S EXPRESS ANDREW J. BRANIC, PROPRIETOR Packing and Shipping—Goods Forwarded to All Parts of the World Orders by mail or 'phone receive prompt attention. Trunks stored, 25c. per month. 459 Seventh Avenue New York WANTED Agents for TH E CRISIS. Dignified work. 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. Mak e $35 to $65 a week show ing this great Tailor-Book. , Goodssomuch finerand prices SO much lower, everyone sees the difference at a glance. Special Offer To prove our unequal led quality, we will let you order at the wholesale price, a Sample Suit or even a pair of pants as low as $2.48 —and no extra charges even forthe biggest peg top styles. You can now make more quick money and buy your own fine tailored clothes cheaper than you ever thought possile We prepay the charges on every order and don't keep a cent of any customer's money unless he is well pleased. Lot us sendyou this fine sample outfit and show you how to take themostperfect measures for the finest tailoring on the market. Write . The Chicago Tailors' Association Dept. 941 • Van Buren and Market Sts.. CHICAGO Mention TH E CRISIS A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. TH E QUEST OF TH E SILVER FLEECE. (W. E . B . D U Bois) $1.35 HOUSE BEHIN D TH E CEDARS. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN . (Anonymous)..... 1.20 LYRICS OF LOWLY LIFE. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.25 THE MARROW OF TRADITION. (Charles W. Chesnutt) 1.50 TH E SPORT OF TH E GODS. (Paul Laurence Dunbar) 1.50 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 MIND OF PRIMITIVE MAN. (Franz Boas) 1.50 AFTERMAT H OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) 1.00 LIBERIA. (Frederick Starr) 1.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 STORY OF THE NEGRO. 2 Volumes. (Booker T. Washington) 3.00 MASTERPIECES OF NEGRO ELOQUENCE. (Alice Moore Dunbar, Editor) 2.50 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 TH E AFRICAN ABROAD. 2 Volumes. (William H . Ferris) 5.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H . E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 TH E COLORED INVENTOR. (Henry E. Baker) 15 A CHILD'S STORY OF DUNBAR. (Julia L. Henderson) 25 Address TH E CRISIS 70 Fifth Avenue :: :: New York City Mention TH E CRISIS Provident Hospital and Training School for Colored Nurses Aim: To keep its technic equal to the best Founded 1891 36th and Dearborn Sts., Chicago, The first training school for colored nurses in this country, Freedman's excepted. Comprises a training school for nurses, hospital, dispensary, and thoroughly equipped children's department; when funds are ample, postgraduate work may be undertaken. The hospital is open to all. The races co-operate in the board of trustees, in the medical staff and in administration; the institution is the only one of its kind in which a colored man may act as interne. Cost of buildings and equipment, $100,000; free from debt. Endowment, $50,000, contributed mostly by wills made by colored men. Additional endowment needed, $50,000. The nurses' course covers three years; training and instruction given by both races, according to the highest ILL. modern standards. PRINTING AND ENGRAVING We are especially prepared to print Catalogs of Institutions, Reports of Institutions and Organizations Books, Pamphlets and Programs Superior Workmanship Prompt Attention We Print THE CRISIS ROBERT N. WOOD, Printing and Engraving 202 EAST 99th STREET Telephone: Lenox 6667 NEW YORK Mention TH E CRISIS