The Crisis . The Crisis July 1917 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY EDUCATION NUMBER President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. J. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer Vice-President ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of PubliREV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST ROY NASH, Secretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field SecreOSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCHINS C. BISHOP DR. C. E, BENTLEY MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Brooklyn Boston PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL DR. O. M. WALLER ARTHUR B. SPINGARN BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore New Haven CHARLES H. STUDIN BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD DR. F. N. CARDOZO DR. JOHN G. UNDERHILL Springfield, Mass. Philadelphia LILLIAN D. WAL D REV. G. R. WALLER DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING A time of National Crisis must be a time of redoubled effort and vigilance if the Negro is to advance his status during the war as the women of England and the oppressed masses of Russia have advanced theirs. The N. A. A. C. P. never needed your support more than now. Date , 1917. MEMBERSHIP BLANK The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR: I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, I enclose dollars. Name Street $ City and State Mention The Crisis WITH 4-PAGE MEMPHIS SUPPLEMENT THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE. AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY, CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association (or the Advancement of Colored People Contents for July, 1917 PICTURES Page COVER. Design by Lorenzo Harris. PHI BETA KAPPA 113 RECIPIENTS OF HIGHER DEGREES 115 HARVARD AND RADCLIFFE 117 RANKING SCHOLARS, NEGRO COLLEGES . . 119 GRADUATES, NORTHERN COLLEGES 121, 123, 125 ARTICLES OUR GRADUATES 116 "GRAY EYES." A Story. By "Jack Howard" 126 DEBATING AND ATHLETICS IN COLORED COLLEGES. By V. D. Johns ton and E. B. Henderson 129 ETHIOPIAN MAID. A Poem. By Walter Everette Hawkins 130 THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF NEW YORK. By John Purroy Mitchel, Mayor of New York City 132 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 111 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 131 THE LOOKING GLASS 133 THE HORIZON 139 THE CRISIS for August Will be VACATION NUMBER with prize essays on "The Best Summer I Ever Spent" (see page 111), and the gripping finish of "Jack Howard's" story. Don't forget to change your summer address. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS' The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as Second-class Matter in the Post Office at New York. N. Y. 108 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ^mimiuniuiiiiiniiiiNmiiiimmiiiiiiiHiiiimim The NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL "I cordially commend the school's interest and needs to all who believe in the Negro race and in our obligation to help promote its intellectual, moral and religious uplift." REV. DR. CHARLES H. PARKHURST, New York City. IT IS MORE THAN A MERE SCHOOL IT IS A COMMUNITY OF SERVICE AND UPLIFT Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. Settlement workers, missionaries for home and foreign mission fields, Y. M. C. A. and Y. W. C. A. secretaries and district nurses receive a comprehensive grasp of their studies under a Wellesley graduate and experienced coworkers and actual every-day practice through the school's SOCIAL SERVICE DEPARTMENT. A HIGH STANDARD COLLEGE DEPARTMENT has now been established. We aim also to create a better qualified ministry. Industrial training, advanced literary branches, business school. Thirty-two acres; ten modern buildings; healthful location. We can accommodate a few more earnest, ambitious students. Communities requiring social workers should write us. School term opens October 3, 1917. I For catalog and detailed information, address: y 1 PRESIDENT JAMES E. SHEPARD 1 I NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. | JMINRNNRNMIIMIIMIIMIIMIINIIINIIIMIIMIM^ The A. &amp; T. Summer School Eighteenth Annual Session begins June 25, 1917, and continues five weeks. Tw o weeks' Institute also. Growing older, better and stronger. Last summer applications greatly exceeded capacity. Teachers, therefore, should send Registration Fee and secure lodging in advance For terms, catalog or other information, address President J. B. Dudley, Agricultural &amp; Technical College, Greensboro, N. C. THE CHEYNEY TRAINING SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges lor the year $100. Fall term begins Wednesday, September 19, 1917. The Summer School for Teachers from July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English mathematics, history civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffia work and basketry, art, needle work cookery, wood and metal working physical training, and gardening. "Dormitory space is limited, and applications should be made early. Cost for the four weeks $15.00. For further Information write to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. MENTION THE CRISIS TH E CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-seven years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates arc almost universally successful. For further information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, CA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following de partments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Begins September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with special work in Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For full Information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes In the State"— Bl"hop Theodore D. Bratton, COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training- Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory. Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country. Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarships of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to ninth Grade, For Particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly develop ment—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. • High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester begins September 27, 1917. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. s. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board, Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 1917 1867 HOWAR AREYOUPLANNING UNIVERSITY To teach, preach, prepare for professional Stephen M. Newman, A. M., D. D., study, to manage a business or a farm, to he efficient? President. COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES TALLADEGA COLLEGE A. B. and B. S. COURSES will give the fundamental preparation. STANDARD COURSES Leading to B.D, in Theology, and to TEACHERS' COLLEGE B.A.	 in Education, Science or Classics. All usual departments and courses, inA. B. and B. S. Courses in Education cluding High School and Nurse Training. Modern Equipment, 40 teachers and workers, library of 16,000 volumes, 4 laboratories, 800 acres of land. SCHOOL OF MANUAL ARTS AND W e cannot tell you all the good things APPLIED SCIENCES here—send for information to THE DEAN, Room 21 	B. S. Courses in Talladega College, Engineering, Talladega, Alabama, Home Economics, Manual Arts. CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC Mus. B. Courses THE FLORIDAA.&amp;M. COLLEGE ACADEMY Tallahassee, Florida Two Preparatory Courses: Offers long and short courses in I Classical, Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, 1 Scientific. in Agriculture, in Education and in I Science., j COMMERCIAL COLLEGE For Catalog Address \ Secretarial Course, NATHAN B. YOUNG, President Accounting Course, P. O. DRAWER 524 General Course. ST. MARY'S SCHOOL LIBRARY TRAINING CLASS An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS Address: SCHOOL OF THEOLOGY THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE B. D. Courses, 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia, Pa. Diploma Course. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE M. D. Courses in Medicine, CLARK UNIVERSITY D. D. S. Courses in Dentistry, ATLANTA, GEORGIA Phar. D. Courses in Pharmacy. Four years Academy or High School. Five years Normal Course. Two years Pre-Medical Course. SCHOOL OF LAW Four years College (A. B.) Course. LL. B. Courses $75 to $125 pays necessary expenses for a year. Harry Andrews King, President. For catalog, address: HOWARD UNIVERSITY, Washington, D. C. HARTSHORN MEMORIAL COLLEGE RICHMOND, VIRGINIA Educational Institutions continued on page 147. A superior school for the separate, higher educa Mention TH E CRISIS tion of young women. Select Courses of study. Industrial. Music, Preparatory, Classical, Normal and College. Provides a pleasant home, careful culture and thoroughExpenses for Catalog to moderate. Send training.  very the President, THE CRISIS Vol. 14-No. 3 JULY, 1917 Whole No. 81 EDITORIAL THE WORLD LAST MONTH. DEMOCRACY cannot keep up appearances. It is frank and ragged and human just as Russia is to-day, just as Ireland will be to-morrow when by constitutional convention representing all classes, even the Sinn-Feiners, she achieves in travail of soul some measure of self-government. Let us rejoice with Russia and Ireland and even more with 6,000,000 English women about to be enfranchised, while 8,000,000 American Negroes remain disfranchised. We must help in the war and how can we better do our bit than by subscribing to the "Colored American Society for the Relief of French War Orphans." Over a half million of our fellows are fighting for France. We may help their families by forwarding subscriptions to Dr. F. E. May, the French consul at Atlanta, Ga. We may help the families of our own soldiers who will soon go to war by promoting the "Emergency Circle for Negro War Relief." This has been founded by Mrs. Emilie Hapgood, who produced the remarkable cycle of Negro plays on Broadway recently. Information may be had at 12 West Twelfth Street, New York City. Let us not be slackers. THE BEST SUMMER. THE CRISIS would like to know-how its readers have spent their best summers. We, therefore, offer four cash prizes of five, three, two dollars and one dollar for essays on the "Best colored persons, must not exceed two hundred words in length, and must be a record of actual experience. They must reach this office on or before July 8, 1917. FORWARD. HAVE you seen the castles of Cincinnati, terraced in light to the sky across the dull gold of the Ohio ? I watched them as I flew through Kentucky to see Fisk again after many years and to hear there the story of how, after the fire burned, the white and black city came together and actually worked in the same office to the astonishment of all mankind and to the establishment of Bethany Social Center. Fisk was Fisk as it ever is, old and quiet behind its walls and rising trees and with its mass of students filled with enthusiasm and the vision of high emprise. Then I rode back to Louisville to see the beautiful Pythian Hall and to hear Cotter's little folks telling of stories and the teachers gathered from all the state. Back now to the terraced light of Cincinnati where Hotel Gordon speaks of the marvelous housing experiment of Schmidlap and where the first successful Negro co-operative store is blossoming under his hand. Then away to the North to the city of furniture, Grand Rapids, where the press was a bit alarmed at having the audience told "how misused the black man is in this country and how the white races have messed up the world." Summer I Ever Spent." Yet all through this journeying the These essays must be written by thing that stood out was the forward THE CRISIS march of the colored people—homes like Meyzeek's, Porter's, and Vaughn's; businesses like Johnson's and Bryant's; schools like Fisk and Meharry; librarians like Blue; and musicians : Helen Hagan, Osiris-eyed ; the busy little hands of Mildred Bryant; and the beautiful winding paths of Schmidlapville— all this was a striking story of our forward march. JUSTICE. A GENTLEMAN, unnamed, but with a card that assured us that he represented the Department of Justice at Wash ington, has called upon The Crisis. He said he was looking for "two German girls" said to be employed here, and he incidentally read us a lecture on loyalty and told us that the visit was "confidential." We do not know what this gentleman really represents and we do not particularly care, but we do remember with some misgivings that it was the U. S. Department of Justice which discovered that Negroes were migrating from the South in order to vote against Woodrow Wilson in the late election. It was this same Department of Justice which discovered German plots among Negroes of the South, raising a furor which was promptly drowned out by loud reassurances from the white South itself. We also remember with still graver misapprehension that it is this same Department of "Justice" that is unable to find upon the map of the United States certain places called Waco and Memphis, and that it is presumably more interested in Home Rule in Ireland than it is in lynching and disfranchisement in the United States. PROMOTING RACE PREJUDICE. RACE prejudice is not so much a matter of startling deeds as of petty insinuations. The New York Community Chorus, for instance, has sent broadcast a statement which says that "the chorus has sung every week since its organization, June 9, 1916, and has invited everybody freely to sing with it,"—to which the editor of Th e Crisis was forced to reply that the colored people of New York had not been invited nor, indeed, allowed to sing with this chorus. Mr. Theodore Roosevelt showed his trophies to the Oyster Bay Home Guard recently. Among them were some gifts from the Kaiser. Said Mr.' Roosevelt: "I got them when he was a white man." To which Mrs. H. M. Godfrey replies in the New York Times that none of the rough-riders "would have ever lived to tell the tale but for the colored 9th and 10th cavalry regiments," who were not "white men." The Official Bulletin, published by George Creel for the government, cannot forget the usual slur when it suggests as a commencement day subject: "The Character of the Negro as a Soldier When Well Led." Finally, note this from the New York Evening Post, speaking of the questions in the Draft circular: "As to your race state whether 'Caucasian,' 'Mongolian,' 'negro,' 'Malayan,' or 'Indian.' " Even the Literary Digest cannot quite stomach this illogic and prints it this way: "Caucasian, Mongolian, Negro, Malay or Indian." MEMPHIS OR EAST ST. LOUIS? WE seem to hear four voices screaming above the mobs of Memphis and East St. Louis—Why will Negroes be Scabs, Why will Negroes Stay in the South, How Can We Stop Negro Migration, Where Can Negroes Be Treated Justly? We believe we can answer all these questions and for the first we quote a letter of Charles Augustono, a colored bricklayer of Camden, N. J.: "I am a member of the Bricklayer, Mason and Plasterers' International PHI BETA KAPPA. Four Winners of the Highest Honor in the Undergraduate College World. MISS FRANCES O. GRANT, Radcliffe. MISS A. L. PENDLETON, Oberlin. RAYF0RD LOGAN, Williams. DAVID A, LANE, JR., Bowdoin. 113 THE CRISIS Union of America. On May 10, 1917, I was at Glassboro, N. J., to a job contracted by James Steward Company of New York City and secured a position there. I started work at 12:30 P. M. The steward on the job demanded my working card. He looked it over and O. K.'d it, notifying me to pay privilege dues of thirty-five cents as my card was from another local farm, 37 Easton, Pa., Transfer No. 9 of Trenton, N. J. This job is controlled by Union No. 7 of Camden, N. J., B. M. and P. I. U. of America. "When I started to work the rest of the members of the job stopped and refused to work with me. Then the boss handed me my discharge, telling me the men would not work with me, after I had showed the steward a good finance card. The trouble is that I have paid for my rights and am not getting them on account of my color. As you know, color always keeps us from making the living we ought to make." It is this attitude of many labor unions and Northern working men who make the mobs of East St. Louis, that keeps many Negroes living among Memphis lynchers. But it cannot keep them all. The stream of migration is large. It is going to be larger. The hand of the government can be depended on in East St. Louis to put down mobs; it cannot be depended on in Memphis. If, then, the South wants Negro workingmen, as the Savannah Morning News says: "The one sure way to keep them in the South is to accord them better treatment." If it wants food raised in the South it must support agricultural education among Negroes. Yet, as the Colored Workers' Conference at Fort Valley recently said to the state officials: "It must be known to you, gentlemen, that if the white people need an agricultural school in each of the Congressional districts of Georgia. Negroes who operate half the farms in Georgia, who live in a greater per cent of the population in the country, and who furnish 85 per cent of the farm labor in Georgia, must need such agricultural training a great deal more. Still, regardless of this greater need and regardless of the fact that the support of these eleven white schools comes out of the general coffers of the state to which Negroes contribute in taxes, not one dollar does the state give to such agricultural education for Negroes." It is characteristic of Georgia to call on the Federal Government to stop migration and for other Southerners to suggest that Negroes drafted for military service be put to farm work. We warn the South that any attempt to draft the Negroes into the employ of private persons will be disastrous and we call the attention of the U. S. Government to the monstrous discrimination which it is permitting in Charleston, S. C. Charleston is a city noted for the efficiency of its colored seamstresses. Yet, recently, when the Navy Yard called for 1,000 seamstresses it sought and still seeks to discriminate against colored women. It is lynching, forced labor, and discrimination that is sending the Negro North. When he comes North he may find mobs and hostile labor unions, but he will also find the law and the law will be enforced. DEMOCRACY. THE Allies in this great war are fighting for Democracy against Autocracy and Mili tarism. What is Democracy? Is it to treat a part of the population as not entitled to advancement? Is it to fail to provide it with an education? Is it to deny it the right to vote or to have representation in Parliament or Congress? Is it to set RECIPIENTS OF HIGHER DEGREES. MISS H. E. WILSON,	 KELLY MILLER, JR., M. A., University of Michigan.	 M. A., Clark. L. D. TURNER,	 E. W. DANIEL, M. A., Harvard.	 M. A., N. Y. University. E. E. TYLER,	 E. M. A. CHANDLER, M.	 A., Columbia. Ph. D., Illinois. 115 THE CRISIS it apart in a ghetto, there to be herded and neglected ? Is it to prevent its entrance into the higher branches of government service? Is it to deny it the right of trial, visiting upon its members torture and death? No, this is despotism. It is the despotism that Russia has thrown off. Let the United States Government, then, the champion of democracy, at once enforce the Fifteenth Amendment, that its men of color may stand before the world as citizens. Else this Republic will be a laughing stock to its enemies. Mary White Ovington. WE need not leave our own land in order to do the things that shall prove be yond peradventure that it is true that we mean to be just within and without our national borders. We have been startled by the rumors of Negro disaffection and revolt, rumors cruelly unjust to the Negro race. The Negro race is as loyal to the Republic as the white race. Would not this be the happiest of hours, not merely for a gesture of generosity to the Negro, but for such revision of our attitude toward him as shall make it possible for him to bear his part of the burdens of war with eagerness and even with rejoicing? Time and occasion are alike favoring. Dare we as a nation be greatly just, and in our passion for the nobleness of justice rather than the beauty of generousness, deal wisely and healingly with a great wrong in our American life?" Stephen S. Wise. (In a recent sermon). O u r Graduates DURING the current year there have been graduated from the great universities nineteen colored Bachelors of Arts, and five Masters of Arts. From the state universities, which rank for the most part equally as high, there have come thirty-seven Bachelors of Arts, one Master and one Doctor of Philosophy. Other Northern institutions have sent out twenty-one Bachelors of Arts, making seventy-seven Bachelors in all from Northern institutions. There have come from leading colored colleges two hundred twenty-two Bachelors and from other colored colleges one hundred fifty-six, or three hundred seventy-eight in all. This makes a grand total of four hundred fifty-five Bachelors of Arts, as compared with 338 in 1916, 281 in 1915 and 250 in 1914. Omissions would probably bring the actual number of graduates up to at least 475. The record in detail is as follows: THE GREAT UNIVERSITIES. HARVARD sends forth ten colored Bachelors of Arts: E. L. C. Davidson, U. W. Holly, H. W. Porter, H. W. Brown, B. R. Wilson, Jr., W. T. Gibbs, C. E. Arnold, B. W. H. Davis, all four-year men; L. V. Alexis and H. P. Payne, three-year men. In addition to these L. D. Turner and J. S. Forrester, Jr., receive the degree of Master of Arts. Mr. Davidson has been a member of the wrestling team, 125 pound class, for three years in which time only one man defeated him. During the past season he won every bout and the Harvard and New England intercollegiate championship. He is the only son of Shelby Davidson of Washington, D. C. Mr. Alexis was a member of the 1916 track squad. There is one graduate from Yale, J. F. Williams, who takes his Bachelor of Science from the Sheffield Scientific School. Columbia sends out one Master of Arts, E. E. Tyler. From the University of Chicago come two Masters of Arts, G. R. Wilson and L. L. McGee, and two Bachelors of Philosophy, J. C. Carroll and C. S. Johnson. Mr. Carroll held a scholarship from the white Baptist convention of the State of New Jersey. The University of Pennsylvania graduates two Bachelors of Arts, P. C. Johnson and H. S. Blackiston; the latter won the Schleicher prize in German. From FROM HARVARD AND RADCLIFFE. L, V. ALEXIS. B. W. H. DAVIS. H. W. BROWN. MISS E. B. DYKES. E. L. C. DAVIDSON. MISS N. F. WRIGHT C. E. ARNOLD. W. T. GIBBS. H. P. PAYNE. 117 THE CRISIS Clark, Kelly Miller, Jr., receives the degree of Master of Arts. Three girls graduate from Radcliffe: Miss E. B. Dykes receives her degree "Magna Cum Laude"; Miss F. 0. Grant was elected to the Phi Beta Kappa in her junior year and took second year and final honors in classics; Miss N. F. Wright finishes the course in three and one-half years and has already been appointed to work for the Health Survey of Cape Cod. Miss A. E. Sears receives the Bachelor of Arts degree from Wellesley. She has been active in sports and received three scholarships. From Smith, Miss C. E. S. Lee receives the Bachelor of Arts degree. THE STATE UNIVERSITIES. THE University of Michigan sends out five Bachelors of Arts: J. R. Cross-land, J. S. Price, W. S. Wickliffe, and the Misses P. W. Waters and H. E. Wilson. Mr. Wickliffe has been a member of the track team. Mr. G. A. Ferguson receives his Bachelor of Science degree in agriculture from the University of Illinois and M. A. Chandler takes the degree OF Doctor of Philosophy in chemistry. Mr. Chandler is a member of the Phi Lambda Upsilon and of the Sigma Chi. He HAS held a fellowship in chemistry for two years. The University of Wisconsin graduates V. C. Turner from the two-year course in agriculture. Indiana University graduates the following Bachelors of Arts: G. H. Brown, E. F. Cox, T. C. JOHNSON, A. E. Meyzeek and Robert Skelton. Mr. Johnson is married and has supported his family during his college work. Mr. Cox belonged to many of the departmental clubs and was secretary and treasurer OF THE Physics Club. There are two graduates from Ohio State University: S. M. Taylor, Bachelor of Arts, and Miss J. Brassfield from the College of Agriculture. The University of Kansas graduates A. Hawkins and Miss M. L. Jones as Bachelors of Arts, E. S. Perry in Fine Arts and T. G. Marton in engineering. Mr. Marton would like to get in touch with every Negro engineer in America and plan a suitable organization. The Misses P. Jackson and E. Anderson graduate in Home Economics from Kansas State Agricultural College with the degree of Bachelor of Science. The following receive the degree of Bachelor of Arts from the State University of Iowa: A. A. Keene and the Misses V. London, I. J. McClain, M. Graves, R. South-all, and M. Morgan. Mr. Keene did "superior" work in German and had "unusual" ability in Spanish. Iowa State College graduates three Bachelors of Science: R. A. Hamilton, W. M. Cain, and E. Moore. Mr. Cain won three prizes in a landscape designing competition, was a member of the college fruit judging team, and won three prizes in a speaking contest. He is secretary of the Horticultural Club and a member of the "Da Luk." The Rev. E. W. Daniel, assistant rector of St. Philips Parish, receives his Master of Arts degree from New York University and the Misses S. L. Jones and A. C. Stewart receive the degree of Bachelor of Science. The University of Nebraska graduates Miss F. F. Cooley as a Bachelor of Arts and D. M. Prillerman, son of the president of West Virginia Collegiate Institute, receives his Bachelor of Science degree from Michigan Agricultural College. THE LEADING COLORED COLLEGES. HOWAR D University graduates 56 Bach elors of Arts and Sciences, 21 being from the Teachers' College, and 35 from the College of Arts and Sciences. The ranking scholar in the College of Arts and Sciences is John L. Berry. Miss J. E. Baer ranks the Teachers' College. Fisk sends out 32 college graduates with C. W. Wesley, "Magna Cum Laude," as ranking scholar. Hereafter no student will be admitted to college rank at Fisk "with less than fourteen units." Atlanta has 9 college graduates with B. F. Sherard as ranking scholar. Gifts and pledges amounting to $65,000 have been made to Atlanta during the year and courses in organic chemistry and biology have been added to the curriculum. Wilberforce sends out 16 college graduates with Miss Margaret Watkins as ranking scholar. A hospital1 has been completed during the year and a recitation hall and gymnasium are being erected. Lincoln graduates 32 students, 29 of whom receive the degree of Bachelor of Arts and the others the degree of Bachelor of Science. Willis G. Price is ranking scholar. Morehouse has 10 college graduates ranked by J. P. Barbour. The college has just celebrated her fiftieth anniversary and dedicated a new $30,000 dormitory. Biddle is also celebrating her MISS T. WILLIAMS, MISS C. V. MOSLEY, MISS A. M. K. JOHNSON, MISS M. WATKINS, Knoxville. Shaw. Philander Smith. Wilberforce. C. W . WESLEY, I. D. Wood, E. BAILEY, J. R. FERGUSON, Fisk. Biddle. Wylie. Ark. Baptist. F. R. LAMPKIN, W. A. DANIEL, J. P. BARBOUR, E. B. TROTMAN, Ga. State. Va. Union, Morehouse. Morgan. N. S. ROBERTS, L, A. MAHONE, W. G. PRICE, B. F. SHERARD, Fla. A. &amp; M. Talladega. Lincoln. Atlanta. 119 THE CRISIS fiftieth anniversary and sends out 34 college graduates ranked by P. W. Russell, Jr., and I. D. Wood, who were tied for first place. The college has received during the year $22,000 in gifts. Talladega graduates 11 Bachelors of Arts ranked by L. A Mahone. From Wylie come 9 Bachelors of Arts, headed by W. E. Bailey. Virginia Union graduates 7 Bachelors of Arts with W. A. Daniel as ranking scholar. Mr. Daniel has also been active in athletics and director of the university orchestra. Knoxville has 6 college graduates ranked by Miss Thelma Williams. SMALLER NORTHERN COLLEGES. THERE are five colored graduates from Oberlin this year: C. T. Fortson and the Misses A. L. Pendleton and H. H. Tuck receive the degree of Bachelor of Arts; C. C. Cohen and T. A. DeBose receive the degree of Bachelor of Music. Miss Pendleton was elected to the Phi BETA KAPP_A. F."M. Dent graduates from Amherst. He is the only colored officer at the Fort Meyer, Va., Training Camp. Western Reserve graduates A. G. Evans and Miss L. E. Canneville with the degree of Bachelor of Arts. R. W. Logan and J. K. Rector graduate from Williams. Mr. Logan is a Phi Beta Kappa man and commencement orator. He has won several prizes while in college. A. Krigger graduates from Civil Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Miss R. Wood graduates from the department of Household Economics at the Carnegie Institute of Technology. OTHER NORTHERN INSTITUTIONS. DAVID A. LANE, who graduates from Bowdoin, has won two prizes for pub lic debating and the Phi Beta Kappa key. He represented Bowdoin in intercollegiate debating contests. A. A. Dyer graduates from Bates where he has won several prize; for debating and represented his college in intercollegiate contests. He is president of the "Cercle Francais" and graduates with honors in language and literature. He is one of the class-day speakers. Colby sends out G. L. Holley with the Bachelor of Arts degree. Coe graduates E. Collins. "He is a fine young fellow and has taken unusually high standing in chemistry. . . . Mr. Collins has not only done good work in his class but has been a leader in athletics and other activities of the college." Hillsdale graduates Mrs. L. L. Cable, "a superior student," and A. H. Camper. Two colored students graduate from Antioch and three from Ohio University: two in the two-year elementary education course, the Misses S. Finnell and E. C. Bishop; W. E. Hunnicutt graduates with the degree of Bachelor of Arts. Ohio Wesleyan graduates Miss M. Male and A. O. Bustamante. The University of Pittsburgh graduates the Misses M. Nicholas and Z. Turfley with the degree of Bachelor of Arts. Simmons graduates Miss M. F. Parker in Household Economics. From Syracuse come J. Trigg with the degree of Bachelor of Arts, J. V. Herring and W. P. Johnson with the degree of Bachelor of Pedagogy, and W. W. Lawson in agriculture. Mr. Herring receives first prize in the university art exhibition and Mr. Johnson has been choir director at St. Philips Episcopal Church. The College of the City of New York gives the degree of Bachelor of Arts to N. White-man, D. Maynard, and A. Sewell. The Rhode Island State College sends out C. E. Harry, Jr., as Bachelor of Science and Agriculture. Oskaloosa College graduates F. J. Myles as Bachelor of Arts. OTHER COLORED COLLEGES. OTHER colored institutions have college graduates as follows: Bishop, 11; Alcorn, 26; Florida A. &amp; M., 10; George R. Smith, 6; Tougaloo, 2; Rust, 1; New Orleans, 3; Straight, 1; A. &amp; M., Langston, Okla., 12; A. &amp; M., Normal, Ala., 1; Morgan, 11; Roger Williams, 1; Lane, 7; Shorter, 2; Arkansas Baptist, 5; Philander Smith, 9; A. &amp; T., Greensboro, N. C , 7; Bennett, 1; Shaiv, 7; Clark, 1; Georgia State, 6; Spelman, 1; Morris Brown, 5; Benedict, 10; .4. &amp; M., Orangeburg, S. O , 10. Knoxville has received a bequest of $18,000 during the past year. Tougaloo has a new brick recitation building and a new water system. One of the college graduates of George R. Smith is sixty years of age. New Orleans University has a new six-year normal course. Lane has received an estate worth $3,000 from James Ritchey, a colored man. Arkansas Baptist has a bequest of $3,000. Clark has been cleared of debt during the year and has $35,000 toward an endowment fund. Georgia State, Philander Smith, Shorter, and Rust report large enrollments. The Legislature MISS A. E, SEARS, MISS P. W . WALTERS, MISS O. E. S. LEE, Welleslev, T. C. JOHNSON, Indiana, S. WICKLIFFE, S,J.Michigan.  M. TAYLOR, O. State.  K. RECTOR, Smith. F. M. DENT, Amherst. J. C. CARROLL, P.Michigan.  C. JOHNSON, Pennsylvania. R.Indiana.  E. SKELTON, Indiana. H.Pennsylvania.  S. BLACKISTON, Pennsylvania. 121 122 THE of South Carolina will give Orangeburg $50,000 a year for buildings and equipment for the next three years. During the last year it has received three new dormitories valued at $35,000 each. The enrollment is 801, the largest among the colored schools of the state. PROFESSIONAL GRADUATES. Howard University sends out 13 graduates in medicine, 36 in dentistry, 14 in pharmacy, 26 in law, and 12 in theology. Other professional graduates are reported as follows: Meharry had 97 graduates in Medicine, 21 in Dentistry, 24 in Pharmacy and 8 in Nurse-Training. National Training School, theology, 2; Talladega, theology, 1; Virginia Union, theology, 2. Gammon graduated 18 students in theology. From the Northern institutions there are the following professional graduates; in medicine: W. R. R. Granger, Jr., Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons; A. R. Burton, University of Pennsylvania; Frank P. Rayford, University of Michigan; B. L. Duke, State University of Iowa; in dentistry: P. W. Sawyer, Creighton; C. E. Cheeks, Western Reserve; J. N. Burwell, University of Pittsburgh, E. M. Gould, Tufts, E. J. Cobb and W. H. Beshears, State University of Iowa, C. L. Evans, W. M. Howard and B. C. Styles, University of Michigan; in pharmacy: J. F. Berry, Purdue; A. J. Pope, University of Michigan; Miss A. P. Bell, University of Kansas, G. D. Strawn, State University of Iowa; L. Williams and C. Strowtherd, University of Pittsburg; in veterinary medicine: B. L. Colbert and J. H. Stephens, Ohio State; in law: Henry A. Rucker, Jr., Northwestern; I. F. Bradley, University of Kansas, and Norris, Yale; in the ministry: A. T. Peters, Yale. From Boston University, medicine, 1; Creighton, dentistry, 1; University of Pittsburg, dentistry, 1; pharmacy, 2; Western Reserve, dentistry, 1; Temple, medicine, 3; dentistry, 1; pharmacy, 3; teachers' college, 3. Colored students in Medicine at McGill University, Canada, make these records: Drs. O. V. Marsh, R. S. Hall, S. D. Bernard and A. Bissember received the degrees of M. F., C. M., at the graduation exercises of the university. Dr. Marsh received the CRISIS final prize for highest aggregate honors in the fifth year subjects. In the fourth year J. R. Warren was fourth in honors in Medicine and ninth in Mental Diseases, while A. M. Francis made high honors in Ophthalmology. In the third year J. R. Williams headed the honor list in Medicine, while P. M. H. Savory was fourth in aggregate honors of all subjects of the third year, having made first place in honors in Clinical Surgery; second in Clinical Medicine; third in Bacteriology and other places in honors in Physiology and Pathology. In the first year E. E. Thompson was eleventh in aggregate honors of all sub jects. Despite this record and simular records in previous years, the colored students have sent out this message: "The leading University of Canada, McGill, admitted by all her sister Universities and the general public to be the main centre of thought and culture in Canada, has decided to debar coloured students from her Medical School on the excuse that their presence is objected to by the Maternity Hospital solely on account of their colour. This is what we are made to feel, what we did not expect from a part of the British Empire that prides itself in British rights and freedom. "The authorities at McGill have acknowledged that the coloured students have always borne a good character both in behaviour and in scholarship in the University, and that the present move is IN NO WAY DUE TO ANY MISCONDUCT ON THE PART OF THE STUDENTS, PAST OR PRESENT." NORTHERN HIGH SCHOOLS. THIRTEEN colored students graduated from the high schools of New York City. Those distinguished for scholarship are A. F. Redding and I. C. Daly. From Boston at least four, and probably others; Chicago, 20, including H. R. Lewis, prominent in athletics and one of the "most popular boys in his class," M. Gibbs, also an athlete, and Miss M. A. Smith who stands high in scholarship, especially in French and art; Cleveland, 13; one, Miss V. Washington, "is very bright. She should be helped to go on to college;" Indianapolis, 15; Miss Mildred Best was one of the twenty-nine O.	 BUSTAMENTE, T. DE BOSE, C. C. COHEN, A. A. DYER, O. Wesleyan. Oberlin, Oberlin. Bates. T.	 A. MORTON, A. A. KEENE, W. C. HUNNICUTT, E. COLLINS, Kansas. Iowa. Ohio Univ. Coe. E.	 R. MOORE, G. L. HOLLEY, E. F. COX, J, S. PRICE, Iowa State. Colby. Indiana. Michigan. A.	 H. CAMPER, W. CAIN, R. CAIN, D. M. PRILLERMAN, Hillsdale. Iowa State. Kansas. Michigan Ag. 123 THE CRISIS pupils on the honor roll of her class, with an average of not less than 90 per cent for the four years' course; Detroit, 8; Pittsburg, 21; Minneapolis, Central High, 3. A notable academic record has been achieved at the Phillips Exeter. Academy, Exeter, New Hampshire, by Emmett J. Scott, Jr., of Tuskegee Institute, who graduates there June 26th. During his Senior year, 1916-1917, he has won the Bancroft ($140) and the Phillips ($150) Scholarships; has ranked second in his studies; is one of the nine First Honor Men of the Senior Class; and one of the ten men chosen for the Beta Chapter of the Cum Laude Society. He enters the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, next Fall. Through the courtesy of Superintendent Joiner, of Wilberforce University, we have a record of 108 colored pupils graduating from the various high schools of the State of Ohio, including 10 in Columbus, 9 in Dayton, 13 in Cincinnati, and 5 in Springfield. Some omissions may bring this number up to 125. Miss V. Douglass of Columbus, Ohio, was among twelve selected out of two hundred for the high school society by unanimous vote of the faculty. Stephen Sheats won a prize in Des Moines, Iowa, for a bird house "perfectly made according to Government dimensions" and "a model of neatness." Clinton Freeman and Granville Adger graduate from the Philadelphia School of Pedagogy. Three colored graduates finish at Parsons, Kansas. Miss L. R. Young graduates from the Sargeant School of Physical Education. COLORED HIGH SCHOOLS. There have been the following graduates from leading colored high schools: Knox Institute 1 Shorter • 6 Virginia Normal and Industrial 7 Chandler Normal School. Lexington, Ky 8 George R. Smith 9 Rust 9 State College, Dover, Del 11 Fort Valley 11 Morris Brown 11 National Training School 12 Christiansburg 12 Wiley 12 Princess Anne 13 State Agricultural and Mechanical. Normal, Ala. 13 Bennett 13 Clark 13 Brick 14 Avery Institute 15 Agricultural and Mechanical, Langston 15 Agricultural and Technical, Greensboro 15 Western, Quindaro 15 Ballard 16 Morehouse 17 Howard High. Chattanooga. Tenn 18 Evansville, Ind 18 Florida Baptist 18 Snow Hill 18 Wilmington, Del 19 Miles Memorial 19 Biddle • • 22 Florida Agricultural and Mechanical 23 Lane 23 Storer 24 Tougaloo 25 Hartshorn 26 Xavier 28 Louisville Colored High 29 Virginia Union 30 Knoxville 30 Morgan 30 Roger Williams 30 Arkansas Baptist 31 Shaw 31 Alcorn 31 Talladega 32 Philander Smith 32 Straight 35 New Orleans 39 Sumner, St. Louis 41 Kentucky Normal and Industrial 42 Fisk 44 Atlanta 44 Georgia State 46 Benedict 48 Lincoln High, Kansas City, Mo 51 Spelman t 54 Agricultural and Mechanical. Orangeburg, S. C . 56 West Virginia Collegiate 57 Myrtilla Miner Normal 62 Colored High, Baltimore. Md 71 Wilberforce 76 Hampton 94 Tuskegee 120 Dunbar High. Washington, D. C 146 Eleven of the Howard High School graduates will go to college; only 4 of Lincoln have decided not to attend college; about 15 per cent of the Baltimore high school graduates will go to college; of the graduates of Dunbar 59 will go to college and 57 to the normal school; 10 of the 18 graduates of Evansville will enter the State. Normal School and three will go to college; 11 of the 29 from Louisville will go to college. Prairie View has three new brick build-' ings. Virginia N. &amp; I. has purchased four acres of land and built a new athletic field. Christiansburg has succeeded in raising an endowment fund of $50,000 and is erecting a hospital. Hampton has added $163,361 to her endowment during the last year. The work on the Ogden Memorial Auditorium, which will seat 2,500 persons, is well on the way. A boys' trades plant, costing $10,000, has been added to the A. &amp; M. Normal, Ala. Ballard has moved to her new $50,000 plant just outside of Macon. Xaxier University is soon to establish a college department and has enrolled 450 students. Hartshorn has lengthened her normal course and introduced a practice school. Miles Memorial College is erecting a four-story building. Spelman Seminary is erecting two new buildings. Storer College has received a bequest of $5,000, and West Virginia Collegiate Institute has the largest enrollment in the history of the school. MISS A. D. HAWKINS, MISS M. N. MALE, MISS F. COOLEY, MISS S. L. JONES Kansas. O. Wesleyan Univ. Nebraska. N. Y. Univ. MISS I. J. McCLAIN, MISS L. JONES, MISS P. M. JACKSON, MISS A. C. STEWART, Iowa. Kansas. Kansas. N. Y. Univ. MISS M. J. GRAVES, MISS R. SOUTHALL, MISS E. J. ANDERSON, MISS J. BRASSFIELD, Iowa. Iowa. State Ag., Kansas, Ohio State. MISS V. LONDON, MISS M. S. NICHOLAS, MISS M. L. MORGAN, C. T. FORTSON, Iowa. Pittsburgh. Iowa. Oberlin. 125 "Gray Eyes" A Story by "Jack Howard" of the Baltimore Colored High School THANK God, the child has closed his eyes again and I can write. And yet, what is there to write? A cloudy maze of whirling, sombre dreams; a picture of black nigh t displacing day; a story of failure, wretched black, despairing, that must be broken through because of a promise made in an hour when a weak mortal dreamed. I knew her in the old days and loved her. I say the old days because they seem so far back in the ages. Yet, only a few years have passed since I was just a school boy, dreaming of college and a brilliant future and dreaming, too, of love, as most folks are wont to dream. I used to sit and look at her for whole periods in school, my work, my ambition, all forgotten in the ecstacy of a greater longing. Her face; I see it now as it was then, her delicate, olive skin; her perfect lips; her glossy frame of raven curls; and the crowning wonder of all, her eyes, those great gray, shadow-eyes that held a world of mystery in their depths. Above all else on God's green earth, I loved her, for her beauty; for her gentle grace; and the Angel's soul that I felt sure must lurk behind those fathomless eyes. I was just eighteen then and a peculiar fellow, I admit; moody by nature, an unhappy idealist by training. In my childhood I had been sick a great deal and had spent long hours pouring over old romances, stories of knights who righted wrongs and legends of women whose hearts were gold. I looked for romance behind life's sordid tragedies, for truth behind life's falsehoods, for Heaven itself behind this girl's gray eyes. To me, Mary Arden was the personification of all human virtues. She was gentle, kind, lovable. The whole school loved her and praised her openly until at last she began to see and believe that she was more beautiful than the rest. We had been friends before this time. She had tried to understand me and to care for me as I desired, but now there came a change. After all, she was just a girl: "Clay longing to become mire," as Hugo says. Her mind became the prey to one three-fold idea: to grow to be admired of all men, to play with human hearts, to live and move out in the great world of society and be its queen. In this, her dream of life, I had no place. My gloomy face could never grace a ball. I hated crowds and formal throngs. I wanted to be alone with Mary. I could not but be selfish in my love, so she drifted from me and from her former self into the life that calls to every girl. And then, he came; a lie upon his lips and the fires of Hell in his brilliant black eyes. Prom the very first, Mary Arden cared for Alton Brice, as many older and wiser woman had done. Wherever that tall 126 "GRAY EYES" form went with its easy, graceful carriage; wherever that handsome, reckless face came under woman's eyes; wherever that subtle, practiced tongue spoke words of love, a woman loved him. Mary was just a girl. He came to her out of the glamour of her dream-world, with the hir of emotion and the sound of music. A girl's gray eyes gazed into those that did not flinch in admiration or glow in worship, and she fell. She who had planned to conquer other hearts found her own conquered before she was eighteen. She became his, to love; to scorn; to dishonor. To be with him, she broke all home restraint. No warnings could avail. Her widowed mother, already weak and sickly, scolded and begged and threatened; but the girl who had once been so docile and respectful would not obey. She declared that Alton Brice was not the man the world thought him to be and that he loved her and had put aside all of his vices for her. Was she to give him up because he had once been bad? The idea was preposterous! He was the man she loved. He had promised to marry her. Poor little girl! At first he was good to her. The girlish perfection of her beauty awed him; the wonder of her great love held him. But at length he tired of her, as he had tired of many women before. He sought for pleasure elsewhere. He stayed away from her until she sought him in desperation, reminding him of his promises; humbling herself before him; trying to believe his rough assurances. Then, as the weeks passed on, the brutal truth slowly dawned upon her. He was deserting her, to shame; to disgrace; to the the world's crushing scorn. He did not love her! Under her gray eyes great dark circles formed; the bright smile faded; and then, her broken-hearted mother died. At school we saw her no more, but often I met her on the street walking slowly along, her eyes fixed and staring off into space. And always the old, mad longing to try to comfort her came rushing over me. I wanted to tell her that I still cared, no matter what the world said, but I fought my feelings back. She was no longer the girl whom I had loved and placed above all others. It was the same face, the same form; but the soul I had sought was no longer there. It was the shell of Mary Arden, that was all. But fight as I might the old love still remained. Many a night I walked the dreary streets, in rain; or sleet, or starlight, trying to forget and in the very act suffering more. I could not but adore her and hate him. My throbbing heart seemed ever to repeat: "She is not to blame. Blame him; blame him; blame him!" Then came one clear, cold winter night, with a million stars twinkling in the heavens and a full moon shedding its pale light on gaunt, bare trees and dull gray pavements. I had been working that night and had started home, a whole week's wages in my pocket and the old dull weight of sorrow in my heart. The money was to be added to the funds that were to carry me through college. It was my father's dream now, not mine. Somehow I did not care, but I knew that he loved me, as he loved the memory of my mother, and I could not think of letting him believe that my ambition to go to school had lagged because of Mary. My way lay past Bernard's dancing class. You know the type. We have them in every city. God only knows the harm they do. He alone knows how many girls start wrong from them, not because joy is sin or pleasure crime, as preachers say, but because men are brutes whose souls are foul with lies. I paused in the shadow of the tall maple tree, which grew in front of the hall and listened to the music of the last dance. I wondered if Alton Brice was in there behind those yellow curtains. It was his favorite place for feminine conquest. Suddenly I became aware of someone else, standing in ghost-like stillness against the wall in the dark shadows just beyond the glow of the arc-lamps which hung over the dance hall door. It was the figure of a girl. Her features were partly concealed by a thin black shawl, but I knew her in an instant. It was Mary and she was waiting for Alton Brice. I wanted to speak to her but I dared not. She had not even seen me, so intently were her eyes fastened upon the door through which the crowd would soon be passing. Within the hall the music stopped with a jerk. Voices arose in laughter and loud jest and the dancers began to come out. It was the usual throng, young girls, THE CRISIS flushed and timid; bold, painted women; well-dressed men; and a number of school fellows. Among these last I caught sight of Jimmy Scott, a classmate and friend of mine. He was a good scholar and a good-hearted fellow as a rule. Tonight he was drunk and staggering. Mary watched the crowd in breathless interest. The shawl fell away from her tense, pale face as she advanced into the circle of light. She had not long to wait, for soon the tall form of Alton Brice appeared beneath the arc-light in the doorway and to his arm an adoring woman clung and smiled into his face with eyes of love. They came swiftly down the steps and started away among the crowd. Then Mary stepped forward timidly and touched his arm. He turned in surprise and, seeing that it was she, flushed angrily. "Alton," she said softly, "Oh, Alton!" He drew away from her, brutally forcing her hand from his arm. "Come on Kate," he said to his companion, "Let's get out of this." But Mary's gray eyes flashed and her slender fingers fastened on to his sleeve. "Alton," she cried aloud, "You know your promise; you can't leave me; you must—" He turned savagely upon her. His arm shot out. There was a sound, a thud, and Mary lay across the white marble steps beneath the arc-light. In that moment I seemed to go mad, my mind became a whirl, red streaks danced before my eyes, obscuring everything but him. He saw me breaking through the crowd and stepped back, too late! I struck him full upon his clean-shaven jaw, with all the force I could command; with all the strength of my body; with all the pent-up wrath of many days behind the blow. He staggered, back, back, back, and fell full-length upon the frosty pavement. I was at his throat in an instant but the fellows pulled me off. I heard Jimmy's voice crying in my ear, "Let him get up, Clark. He can't fight you." But Alton Brice did not move. He lay there, still, inert, lifeless. The moonlight, breaking through the maple branches, intensified the pallor of his face. Then a man bent over him and felt his heart, lifted his drooping head and then stood up, his eyes wild with terror. "He's dead," the man said in a voice of awe. And then a woman's voice broke out upon the quiet night, "Oh God, he's killed him!" Jimmy's grasp on my arm relaxed. "Get away, Clark," he urged excitedly. "For God's sake go. You've killed him!" I saw the wild faces of the crowd. I saw Mary rising slowly to her feet, her long hair disheveled and hanging about her shoulders. I saw her eyes, wild, accusing, searching my face and then I turned and fled. On into the night I ran, the mad thoughts rushing through my brain in lightninglike swiftness. I thought of home and Dad. It would kill him to learn that I had murdered a man. The fear of the gallows and the fear of God loomed up before me in gigantic proportions. The pain in my bruised knuckles made me feel faint and dizzy but I ran on unheeding, for the face of Alton Brice grinned frightfully before me and Mary's eyes gazed into mine from out of the darkness, searching deep-down into my terror-stricken soul. I do not know how long I ran through the deserted streets, past stores and offices and darkened homes, but at length I found myself down by the wharves, the black waters barring all possibility of further flight. I stopped, gasping for breath, and looked around. About me the hulls of giant ships loomed up, dark bulks against the sky. The night wind whistled ominously in loosened rigging; black smoke stacks belched forth rolling clouds of smoke; and men's voices aboard the ship sounded muffled and far away. From behind a pile of grain bags on the pier a big man stepped forth, cursing loudly and with great emphasis. He almost ran against me then stepped back, laughing at my fright ened face. "What ya doin' about here, sar?" he asked. "Nothing," I answered. His smile vanished quickly. "Well you bettah be goin' about yer own d— business then." I started off quickly enough, but he called me back. "Wait!" he said sharply. "You don't happen to be lookin' for work, do you? Want 'a ship on this steamer here? We need a hand and the captin sent me out DEBATING AND ATHLETICS here after one, jes' lak men growed on this here pier." "Where are you going?" I asked, suddenly interested in what seemed to my mind a hope of temporary safety at least. "Cattle ship," he said, "bound for England. Easy work too, sonny. A baby could do it. Jes' lak feedin and wat'rin the little chickens in yer own back yard at home an scrubbin' 'round a little bit for your ma. Bettah come on." His change of tone was entirely unnecessary. I would have embarked on any boat just so I got away. "I'll go," I told him, and we went on board. Ten minutes later I had signed myself a member of the crew of the Jeffery cattle ship bound for London. (To be concluded in August.) DEBATING AND ATHLETICS IN COLORED COLLEGES By V. D. JOHNSTON, Virginia Union University, and E. B. HENDERSON, Manual Training School, District of Columbia THE school year just past has been marked by debates of rather unusual importance. In the eleventh annual triangular debate between Fisk, Howard, and Atlanta Universities, April 13, on "Compulsory Arbitration of Labor Disputes," the home team won the decision on the affirmative side in each instance. At Fisk the affirmative team was composed of H. H. Proctor and C. N. King, while the negative side was upheld by M. A. Jackson and J. C. Heslip, of Howard. The decision was two to one in Fisk's favor. At Atlanta, Rush and Maxwell defeated Burwell and Wesley of Fisk; and at Howard, Dyett and Nelson defeated Moore and Thomas of Atlanta unanimously. In eleven years this is the first time Fisk has had the opportunity to celebrate a victory over Howard. In the Morehouse-Knoxville-Talladega debate, Morehouse won the decision over Knoxville on the affirmative side at Morehouse, with Barbour and Fisher on the affirmative and Myers and H. Bond representing Knoxville. McMahon and C. W. Bond, at Knoxville, successfully defended the affirmative against Pritchett and Dixon of Talladega, two to one. Talladega defeated Morehouse at Talladega. This debate took place April 13. The question was "State Pensions for Needy Mothers." In the second annual Wilberforce-Lincoln-Union Triangular Debate on March 23, each team, likewise, won the decision at home. The affirmative at Wilberforce defeated Creditt and Doyle of Lincoln two to one. McMorries and Hill, at Lincoln, defeated Brown and Johnston, of Union, two to one. Thompson and Smith at Virginia Union won unanimously against Williams and Hunter of Wilberforce. The question was "Government Ownership of Railroads." Among three secondary schools of Virginia a triangular debate was held April 13 over the question of a "Minimum Wage." The V. N. &amp; I. I. won by defeating Hampton, at Petersburg, and St. Paul, at Lawrenceville. Hampton defeated St. Paul at Hampton. From the above record some general principles may be drawn: I. Debating is fast assuming a place of primary importance in the student activities of the colored schools. More than any physical exercise, it is an activity directly in line with the training of the class room. The development of the "debating mind" is the result of a discipline severer and more concentrated than any class room exercise. Debating activities are, therefore, encouraged and should be extended in these schools and in others. II. It is significant and particularly noticeable that in the three major triangles the home team consistently won, though that was the affirmative and the harder side to prove. In one or two instances the affirmative undoubtedly won, but in many of these cases the decision was gotten only by a narrow margin. If these debating leagues can arrange a board of judges of some permanency to serve from year to year, just as officials are appointed in the interscholastic athletic associations, there will be, undoubtedly, less probability of find THE CRISIS ing at the last moment that an appointed judge has misunderstood the date for the debate or that while no "official" connection exists, one or more of the judges are intimate friends of the school faculty. III. Those schools which are having the greatest success from a disciplinary standpoint have their debating activities directly under faculty supervision. Just as the coach has become a necessity in football and baseball, the coach has become a necessity in debating. When under student direction the details are in most cases inefficiently managed, subjected to trickery and to favoritism. Under the direction of a permanent coach, the drill is made the important feature, a large number are trained through inter-class debating, and a permanent system is developed. THE school athletic year of 1916-17 has been a poor one from the standpoint of competitive athletics. Football and basketball were the two sports that suffered least as a result of the perturbed state of national affairs. Although competitive sport has met with upsets, yet athletic training has received an impetus that has placed it in the front rank of educational activities. Schools and colleges have been persuaded to give definite credit for such work towards promotion and the equipment, facilities, and time for gymnastic and athletic work have been greatly increased. Coaches and physical directors who have received training in accredited professional schools and colleges are displacing the old time trainers and coaches who were employed to turn out winners at any sacrifice of health or character. Morehouse and Hampton Institutions were victors in collegiate football in their localities. Morehouse eleven established an enviable reputation by decisively winning a championship in Southern football. Hampton as cleanly demonstrated superiority over big Eastern rivals. Howard University took a long trip around the country and wound up by defeating Fisk University. Lincoln University was runner-up in basketball, with Hampton as top man. In secondary school circles, the football and basketball games have been played unmindful of war, but all succeeding sports have been in chaotic state. Armstrong-Manual Training School proved to be the best athletic school in the District of Columbia, with football and basketball honors gracing her efforts. The Baltimore High School not alone won the city Public Athletic League championship, but in postseason basketball defeated Armstrong Manual Training School team in two or three games played. Mott School landed basketball honors in the Washington Public Schools Athletic League. Swimming bids to become a feature of the competitive athletic world shortly, since one large school in the East, Dunbar, has a modern tank. It is devoutly wished that the behind-thetimes executive heads of so many of our schools in the South bestir themselves and place athletics in right proportions in their school courses. ETHIOPIAN MAID By WALTER EVERETTE HAWKINS I MINGLE my goblet with oil of the vine, And drink to the health of a maid most benign; No less do I drink to her beauty and youth Than to her meek innocence, virtue, and truth; And meekly arrayed in thy modest brocade, I drink to thy health, Ethiopian maid. 'Mid noon-tide and moon-tide whatever my themes, Thy vision creeps in the enchantments of dreams; The pipings of skylark and trills of the wren Are mixed in the midst of the melody when Thy laughter rings out in the vine-scented glade, As I drink to thy health, Ethiopian maid. When Sun of the Tropics turns westward and dies, The magic still lingers in light of thine eyes; I mingle my goblet with oil of the palm Where spices hang over and Summer smiles warm, And there 'mid the magic of forest and shade, I drink thy sweet health, Ethiopian maid. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People THE SPINGARN MEDALISTS. THREE men have received the Spingarn Medal: a biologist, Dr. Ernest. Everett Just; a soldier, Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Young; and a musician, Henry Thacker Burleigh. These men have much in common. They are all modest and retiring, they are hard workers, and they are men of excellent training in their lines of work. They represent the higher education and not a training merely vocational. In these three recipients the institution of the Spingarn Medal justifies itself. THE WASHINGTON CONFERENCE. THE bestowing of the Spingarn Medal on Mr. Burleigh was the chief interest of the annual conference of the N. A. A. C. P. held at Washington, May 16 and 17. The medal was bestowed by Senator Wesley L. Jones of Washington after two excellent speeches by our National President, Moor-field Storey, and Mr. William Pickens. There were seven hundred persons present. On the next afternoon a conference of some three hundred visitors and delegates from out of town was held at the Colored Y. M. C. A. Perhaps fifteen or sixteen persons spoke, representing many states and many shades of opinion. Without exception, the speeches were short, pithy, to the point, and pervaded with evident earnestness. It was unfortunate that the conference could not have been prolonged one or two more days. Resolutions drawn up beforehand and sent to prominent Negroes all over the country have been to date signed by about two hundred persons, including William H. Lewis, E. M. Hewlett, Dr. Francis H. Grimke, Archibald H. Grimke, James A. Cobb, John R. Lynch, William Pickens, Miss Nannie H. Burroughs, Ralph W. Tyler, Bishop J. Albert Johnson, Victor P. Thomas, Walter H. Loving, and Bishop John Hurst. One of the most interesting matters brought before the conference was the situation at Charleston, S. C. Immediately after the declaration of war, the government arranged to double the capacity of its plant for making clothing at Charleston. Another building was started, to be opened in June, and the navy yard advertised for one thousand workers. Charleston has an unusual number of good colored seamstresses because few other avenues of work are open to colored women. When, however, colored women attempted to register for the new factory they were at first put off by subterfuges and finally told that no colored women would be employed. Our local branch immediately took up the matter and, led by the Secretary, Mr. Richard H. Mickey, an appeal was made to Washington. Mr. Mickey came in person and with Mr. Grimke interviewed officials of the Navy Department. They have been unable as yet to get any satisfactory answer. We trust that all interested persons will appeal to the Navy Department and stop this discrimination. THE GREAT LAKES DISTRICT CONFERENCE. A CONFERENCE of the Great Lakes District was held at Detroit, May 30 and 31. The following branches took part: Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Columbus, Dayton, Springfield, O., Toledo, Buffalo, and Detroit. The National Office was represented by Mr. James W. Johnson, the Field Secretary. The Conference was successful and well attended. OUR NATIONAL OFFICERS. DR. J. E. SPINGARN has entered the training camp at Madison Barracks, N. Y., and will probably enter active service in the United States Army. Mr. Roy Nash, our Secretary, is on leave of absence to attend the training camp at Fort Sheridan, Ill. Mr. James W. Johnson, the Field Secretary, has been visiting branches and holding meetings in St. Louis, Louisville, Cincinnati, Indianapolis, Chicago, Detroit, and Cleveland. He is at present investigating conditions in Memphis, Tenn. THE OFFICERS' TRAINING CAMP. AFTER much hesitation and incited by the enthusiastic activity of the students of Howard University and other places, the United States War Department finally granted the training camp. Twelve hundred and fifty men, including colored appointees from the Fifteenth Regiment, N. Y., and from the Harvard University regiment and other bodies were sent to this camp, which is located at Fort Des Moines, Iowa. The camp opened June 18. This has been a great triumph for sound thinking and persistent agitation. 131 THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS OF NEW YORK By JOHN PURROY MITCHEL, Mayor of New York City able for school health work, and his deep interest in the social problems of the city makes his advice on matters pertaining to the Negro population specially desirable. Dr. Roberts is not the first representative of his race to take active part in the educational work of our city. In 1882 Mayor Low appointed a colored man, Philip A. White, to serve on the Board of Education of the old City of Brooklyn. In 1891 he was succeeded by T. McCants Stewart, who, in 1894, was succeeded by Samuel R. Scottron. Mr. Scottron continued as a member of the Brooklyn Board of Education until 1S98, and as a member of the Brooklyn School Board until 1902. Thus, for twenty years, the colored people of Brooklyn had a representative in school matters. I am glad that it has been my privilege to recognize the needs of the race by again giving them an official voice in educational matters. No. 89, HARLEM; MOST OF THE PUPILS ARE COLORED. I AM very glad to respond to your re quest for a statement for THE CRISIS on the general subject of the education of the Negroes in New York City. The latest available figures indicate that there are more than 110,000 Negroes living in the City of New York, and that of this number 21,000 are children of school age, attending the public schools of the city. It seemed to me that so large a proportion of the population of the city should not be without direct representation on the Board of Education. The educational problem of a section like that of Harlem, for example, where so many of our colored citizens live, can best be understood and met by the sympathetic consideration and devotion of a man of the colored race. Although there are many prominent Negroes in the city, any one of whom would have honorably represented these people, I feel that in ob taining for the city the services of Dr. E. P. Roberts I was most fortunate. He is a quiet and forceful citizen, and is known and respected by all classes of the community. His professional training makes him valu- No. 79, EAST SIDE; THE PRINCIPAL IS COL ORED, TEACHERS AND PUPILS ARE WHITE. 132 The Looking Glass LITERATURE. FROM Ralph Waldo Emerson: The spiritual stars rise nightly, shed ding down A private beam into each several heart. Suns haste to set, that so remoter lights Beckon the wanderer to his vaster home. We have received the following pamphlets: "Christianity and Culture Versus the Negro," by Charles Randall Graggs; "Reaching to Heaven," by W. L. Edwards; "Our Peculiar Work," by S. E. Shepard; "Sermons and Melodies," by H. H. Proctor; and "Songs and Sermons," by C. A. Whitfield. The following books have been received: "From Super-man to Man," a novel by J. A. Rogers, published in Chicago, and "The Colored Girl Beautiful," by Mrs. E. A. Hackley, published in Kansas City, Mo. The death of Joseph Benson Foraker, late Senator from Ohio, not only reminds the Negro race of his great service but calls attention to his autobiography, "Notes of a Busy Life," in two large volumes. There is much to interest colored readers in these volumes—Mr. Foraker's service in the war, his political career, but particularly the two chapters devoted to the "Brownsville Affray." This record is Mr. Foraker's finest monument. The African World of London, England, has a special article on "Is the Negro Coming?" by Hilda M. Ridley. She says among other things: To the south of the states lie the great twenty republics with which America is now so anxious to enter into closer relationship. "Pan-Americanism" is the slogan of capitalists who look eagerly towards this vast country of such immense commercial possibilities. "We would be friends with you," say they—and all unwittingly they scarce acquired even the elements of what would constitute such a friendship. Great difficulties stand in the way of the much-to-be-desired acquaintance. On the economic ones I will not dwell. Scarcely less important are the social ones. Differences of religion, race and language intervene; and perhaps the most insuperable of all is race. South Americans are usually "half-breeds." Few of them are of pure Spanish descent. Negro and Indian strains predominate. The treatment by the United States of the "half-breed" is, therefore, watched by them with peculiar interest. They do not discover in it any justification for faith in the assurance of Americans that they are conscious of no sense of superiority to themselves. They see that even a tincture of Negro blood is sufficient to ostracize a man or woman socially and that he or she is placed on a plane with the Negro who is lynched, segregated, and disfranchised. "If I went into one of those restaurants along Broadway," asked the son of a Portuguese from the Azores, who held a position of trust and responsibility as an officer in the navy of his colored mother's country, "would they serve me as they would in Paris, or Ncwcastle-on-Tyne, or Rio de Janeiro?" His question could be answered in part by relating the treatment accorded the officers of the Brazilian dreadnought which visited America a short time ago. The waiters in the hotels where these men were being entertained refused to serve some of those who were black. Cultured Latin-Americans visiting parts of the states have been separated from their white companions on the street cars on account of color. The South American is proud of his race. Often highly cultivated, and turning to France, Germany, and England for his standards rather than to the states, he refuses to admit that American civilization is superior to his own. In literary, artistic, and musical appreciation he lays claims to points of superiority; indeed, he denies that America has any literature or art worthy of the name. In spite of internal difficulties—difficulties which, it is to be feared, have been stimulated by the greed of American and European investors—he resents any imputation that his government is inferior to that of the United States. "The burning of Negroes, the lynchings of thieves, the work of vigilance committees in the Far West," says the American writer, Roland Usher, "the failure to apprehend and punish murderers—all these the South Americans evidence as a lack of civilization in the United States quite as serious as their own particular difficulties." MEMPHIS. D. F. PETERS in the Encyclopedia Americana, vol. 10, on the city of Memphis. The city is well laid out and well-built. The wide, well-shaded and well-paved streets, the fine public and private buildings, the parks with numerous large trees, all make the city most attractive. The combined park area is about 1,000 acres, besides two fine race tracks. The streets are paved with asphalt, vitrified brick, macadam, and gravel. About 250 miles of turnpike radiate from Memphis. . . Among the prominent buildings are 123 churches, 65 schools and colleges, three public libraries, three first-class theatres, the customhouse, cotton exchange, Odd Fellows, building, Porter, Scimitar, and Equitable buildings, Masonic Temple, Gayoso Hotel, Women's building, Randolf building Goodwyn Institute, Memphis Trust building,' 133 THE CRISIS Tennessee Trust building, a number of fine hotels, three large hospitals, and two orphan asylums. Memphis has a number of educational institutions, good public and parish and many private schools, the Memphis Hospital Medical College, the Maddox school for young women, the College of the Christian Brothers (R. C) , founded in 1871; Saint Agnes' Academy (R. C) , Sacred Heart Institute (R. C) , Saint Mary's School (P. E.), University School, and two public high schools. The Hannibal Medical College and the Le Moyne Normal Institute are for colored pupils. The Harvard Crimson says: Yesterday at ten of the morning, near Memphis, Tennessee, a mob of five thousand white men burned with fire a Negro to the death. The Negro had been accused of the commission of a capital crime. Under the law he deserved death according to the law. But those five thousand white men did not administer death according to the law. They seized the Negro from a willing sheriff's posse, which was sworn by all honor to uphold the law. They held him awaiting the final torture, while excursion trains ran from the city, while business houses shut down as for a holiday, while pleasure-seekers came by motor from the whole countryside to witness this festival. This festival of debauchery! And then the throng having collected, representative of the South's chivalry and the South's courage, the mob thrust their victim into a small steel cage from which there was no escape. They bound him by chains at the hands and feet. Lest he, no doubt, should, although a member of the despised race and one against thousands, put to rout these courageous Southern gen tlemen. When they had bound him, the chains being hard and the steel bars strong, they tortured him; the mob, with the fiendish tortures which from time immemorial have been the pastime of savages. And when he was near to oblivion from pain, they applied the torch to the oil-soaked fagots and aroused his spirit to a terrible death in the fire. It is noted that a few urged that he be shot. They should be honored, for they were merciful. The crowd clamored at his tortured shrieks, rejoicing around the pyre till that which was once a man had become but bones and ashes. There were women in that mob in great numbers, singing at the gala day. Women! Those chivalric and holy women of the South to keep whom pure the last Southern gentleman would shed his romantic blood. The flower of chivalry! Did womanly pity, did womanly sorrow, which is the greatest compassion our race may know, move their hearts then? Did they weep at this bestiality? The victim was seen to pray as the fires rolled over his flesh. To what God did he-pray? The South is reputed religious, far more so than this Unitarian and materialistic North. Did the white man's God hear those agonizing prayers? Or does the Negro worship an impotent Diety? One Negro in the throng tore down the flag of his nation and raised a cry for Germany. He was threatened with the death. There are millions of his race in the South who might well be moved with the same passion. Germany, in all her brutality, never did the like in Belgium. It was not Memphis' sin alone. It was not Tennessee's sin alone. It was the sin of this nation, which allows such things to come to pass. It was the sin of our lawlessness, of our mad disregard of all that makes existence bearable to men. Young men, you young men of the South, do not attempt from a barren sectional pride to defend a crime so horrrible. For such lust of death in a whole city, a whole country-side, there is no shadow of defence, not now, nor in eternity. It is for those men who in time hope to lead the South to arouse such horror in their hearts of this mob blindness that they will do away with it forever; that our whole people, without sectional exception, will honor that law and justice upon which our nation rests. Vachel Lindsay writes in the Illinois State Register from Spring-field, Ill.: I do not believe that victim guilty of the crime of which he was accused. I take no stock in his alleged confession. In 1908, after our week of race riots, the alleged assaulter was vindicated. The citizens of Memphis have made it forever impossible to prove this man guilty of anything except the color of his skin. The world is not safe for Democracy as long as there are Americans like these of Memphis. The San Francisco Bulletin says: It is particularly unfortunate that the more civilized people in the South, who THE LOOKING GLASS probably form a majority, do not put a stop to this degrading communal sport, at least during the period of a war which is being fought in the interests of higher civilization. This Tennessee community should be exempted from conscription. Men who burn human beings alive cannot be trusted to go abroad as representatives of the American cause. The New Republic says: If there was any charitable doubt as to the atrocities connected with the Ell Person lynching at Memphis, they are negated by eye-witness reports in the Memphis Press. It is not only true that Person's ears were hacked off while he was being burned to death and that his severed head was thrown from a speeding automobile in the Memphis streets some hours later, and his severed foot similarly flung about as a trophy, but it is also true that the mob which collected to witness Person's lynching was estimated at 15,000. "'They burned him too quick; they burned him too quick,' was the complaint on all sides. The universal sentiment seemed to be that too much gasoline had been used"—this quotation from Mr. E. T. Leech's report gives the clue to the spirit of the debauch. To say that this lynching indicts Tennessee is gratuitous. Its filthy degeneracy would stain any community, but what it really exposes is not so much a barbarous cruelty in Tennessee as a barbarous communal failure to undertake the mere preliminaries of justice. There is no proof whatever that Ell Person was guilty. There is only the fact that 15,000 Americans have combined to annul their institutions and degrade their name. The Independent says: Last week a large and enthusiastic throng of the "best citizens" of Memphis, Tennessee, burned a Negro at the stake after soaking him in oil and cutting off his ears. The world must be made safe for democracy. A BLACK KING TH E recent death of King Lewanika re~ calls the prolonged alliance existing between himself and England. His kingdom was that of Barotseland (a vast area north of Rhodesia), and here he ruled for forty-five years. In the early days of his reign he was forced to flee because of a revolution, but in time he overthrew the usurper, regained his throne and began to institute British reforms. In 1890 through a treaty effected by Mr. Cecil Rhoades, Barotseland became an appanage of the British empire and from that time on Lewanika's loyalty to the British remained unshaken. He was a born progressive the Montreal Weekly Star assures us: "The dangerous Ethiopian movement obtained some foothold some few years ago, but Lewanika himself removed the menace. The Government is now establishing large technical schools at Lialui at the King's desire. He has rendered great assistance by compiling a census as a basis for the collection of the hut tax in the Barotse Valley. He has recently, by public proclamation, given the final death-blow to the ancient system of serfdom or domestic slavery. He has freed every slave in his dominion, between 25,000 and 30,000 natives being thus liberated. "His very dusky majesty—he was one of the blackest of black men—has had a place in the affections of the British ever since he came to London in 1902 to attend the Coronation of King Edward. He was in fact the only other King at that ceremony and he was immensely proud of the distinction. Also the visit, sore trial as it was to his majesty, allowed him to achieve the ambition of his life. "He had always wanted to meet 'the great white chief,' and the day before he left England on his return home he was presented to King Edward. Speaking with considerable emotion after the ceremony, he said: T am now happy.' "Incidentally, Lewanika had made the lowest obeisance ever made at the palace, and he also presented King Edward with an ivory tusk which required the full strength of two brawny Barotses to carry. "His journey to England in the Dunottar Castle had given him his first glimpse of the sea. He was vastly impressed, but he was none the less glad to leave the ship— 'a fine ship,' he said, 'but I don't like her when she moves,' and he added that he would rather walk back even if it took him twelve years. He hardly did that, but months after his departure—with liberty silk costumes for his twelve royal wives—he was heard of making a leisurely journey back to Barotseland. "He was not a Christian himself, but he ruled his country on very Christian lines. He was a generous man, too. Sometimes, as when he presented Lord Selborne with a hippopotamus, his gifts were embarrassing. The last heard of Lewanika in this country was his offer, a month after the war broke out, of his services to England." THE CRISIS THE FLIGHT INTO EGYPT. THE reason of the flight, says the Rev. J. P. Johnson, is low wages, whatever may be said of lynch law and the political and civil disabilities of the Negro as contributing causes. The Negro farm hand gets for his compensation hardly more than the mule he plows; that is his board and shelter. Some mules fare better than Negroes. This, too, in spite of the fact that the money received for farm products has advanced more than 100 per cent. The laborer has not shared correspondingly in this advance. A colored paper, the Nashville Globe, adds: Negroes are leaving Nashville to escape the oppression that is so prevalent in official circles. The black man knows he has no redress and it is better for him to leave than to be subjected to the indignities that arc his portion daily. A correspondent writes to the New Orleans States: Why, then, should there be any organized attempt made to prevent the Negro from leaving the South? So far as our state is concerned, it is simply this: The sugar planters now see an opportunity of reaping large profits by keeping a surplus of labor here to rob the poor white man and the poor black man of their rightful share in the production of their labor. If the Negro, in compliance with the law of supply and demand, would seek better remuneration for his labor in the North, men of both races would have to be paid more, as both would be in a better position to demand more wages. Here is what one sugar planter proposes. In order that the sugar planter can have cheap Negro labor three months in the year for the harvesting of their crops, Negroes in the cities should not be permitted to go North. In other words, he would have thousands of Negroes remain idle in the cities nine months in the year, depressing wages of whites and blacks alike, in order that a few sugar planters might be able to reap larger profits from their operations. A writer in the Philadelphia Bulletin thinks that: Just so long as a Negro will submit to being worked on the farm with all kinds of hardship and with almost no pay for his labor: and just so long as a Negro is satisfied with anything that the white man thinks is best for him—he is a "Good Negro." But, on the other hand, if a Negro resents, and seeks better positions and higher wages, the Negro at once ceases to be a "Good Negro"—he is seeking undue honors, and is high-minded and bad. The Sumter, S. C , Item, a white paper, says: Rev. J. W. Moultrie, colored, pastor of Emanuel Methodist Church, one of the oldest and probably the largest Negro congregations of Sumter, was arrested at the Atlantic Coast Line station yesterday afternoon by Rural Policeman Sam Newman on the charge of being a labor agent engaged in enticing labor to leave the state. The arrest created considerable excitement and not a little resentment on the part of the Negroes, and for a little while there was a hint of trouble. The excitement subsided, however, when Rev. Moultrie was released on bond and, subsequently, the charge against him was dismissed, as it was established that the arrest was a mistake. A correspondent tells THE CRISIS that the mistake was not one of identity, but that when the whites saw the furor which the arrest caused and that the colored people were arming themselves, the "rural" officer found out that it was somebody else he wanted and not Mr. Moultrie! The Danville, Va., Battle Ax, a white paper, says: Yes sir-ee Bob, "Danville Does Things," and does 'em often. The latest act is the stopping of three car loads of colored men who were departing for the North to work in brick yards, arresting the vice-president of the company who was here looking up help and fining him $500. Now if the gentlemen who got so interested in stopping these men from going where they could get good pay for their work had a good job to offer them, it wouldn't look quite so bad. But I'll venture if that three car loads of colored men could possibly get jobs in this section that the average wage wouldn't amount to enough to buy a gallon of white beans per day. Now the people who are so interested in keeping the laborers in these parts should know that even a colored working man can't live on air and a little Dan River water. But the idea seems to be that plenty of cheap labor must be kept on hand ready for service whenever they are wanted, and when they are no longer needed they are turned out to graze, in a land where the grazing-land is all posted, the black berry patches wired in, and even fishing for tadpoles is not allowed. From the St. Louis Globe Democrat: The Negroes who have been driven from East St. Louis ate their bread in the sweat of their faces. They did not even stop at bread. Whatever fault may have been found with the Negro, he has never been accused of parsimony. Too often his expenditures exactly equal his income. The Negroes are good spenders and they pay cash. The merchants and the landlords estimate that loss of these 1,000 Negroes means a weekly shrinking of about $18,000 in business receipts. None of the mob have shown any disposition to make this shrinkage good. None of them have offered to fill the enforced vacancies. THE REAL FOOD PROBLEM. THE Durham, N. C , Morning Herald, a white paper, tells us: Land owners in many sections of the South will not permit their tenants to plant THE LOOKING GLASS food and feed-stuffs. They insist on cotton being- planted. . . . The land owners claim they cannot keep a check on the amount of feed and food stuffs raised, but they can check the tenant up on cotton. Cotton must be ginned be fore it is sold. Each ginner can keep a rec ord of the amount of cotton ginned for each Negro tenant and the landlord has no trou ble in collecting his tolls. One owner of several thousand acres of land told all his Negro tenants that if one of them planted a row of corn he would be "run off the place." Investigation has shown that even in the boll weevil districts, where the insects have made the raising of cotton unprofitable, the land owners are still insisting that this one crop be planted. Many Negro farmers last season were unable to produce enough cotton to buy feed for their live stock and food for themselves. It is suggested that the government or the state, or the two working together, assume control of certain plantations and insist the tenants be given the right to plant food and feed-crops if thev so desire, regardless of the views of the land owners. THE WAR FOR DEMOCRACY. PRESIDENT W. S. SCARBOROUGH, of Wilberforce University, has received the following telegram from Colonel F. L. Wynn at Columbus, New Mexico: Account of sending eighty-four non-commissioned officers to Des Moines Training Camp, and consequent probable promotion with commissioned rank in National Army, 24th Infantry will have places for educated, forceful young men, competent to become non-commissioned officers. Clerks badly needed. Request your assistance in securing such who will fulfill the required requirements. Have applicants apply in person to nearest recruiting office, presenting copy of this telegram, and by letter enclosing recommendations to me if passed. During the debate on the Draft Bill, Congressman Nichols of South Carolina cavorted in this way: If you put a boy from Mississippi in a Negro regiment from Massachusetts, you won't have to go to Germany to have war. You will have it right here. The familiar rebel yell of the Southerners greeted this declaration. To this the Danville, Va., Torchlight, a colored paper, replies: It can hardly be expected that an administration dominated by this spirit of lawlessness and sectional strife, could prosecute very successfully a war against a foreign foe. In fact, there are many people in this country who believe a war "right here" that would shoot to death the spirit of rebelism and lawlessness and anarchy which make every decent Southerner ashamed that he was born in the South, would be the greatest blessing that could come to the South. The Negro did not fight in the regiment with the sensitive white "boy from Mississippi" at San Juan; but it was he that saved the white boy's skin on that memorable occasion, and brought back-in glory the flag the white boy had permitted to drag in defeat and humiliation. In fact, there are signs that the colored people are getting restive under their treatment in regard to the "right to fight." The Boston Journal reports a colored man, James G. Wolff, as saying in a recent public speech: "Last month, through the Department of Justice, an attempt was made to persuade the people of this country that we were disloyal and were plotting to align ourselves with an alien enemy. How wicked such men must be who would seek to injure a class who have always so faithfully supported the institutions of this country—whose patriotism is surpassed by no body of citizens, in spite of fewer reasons for such sentiment. "There must be an immediate change in the attitude of Washington on these grave questions," he proceeded. "We are American citizens now and forever. We are entitled to equal opportunities in air avenues of life." To this the Pioneer Press, a colored paper of Martinsburg, W. Va., adds in a comment on the colored man's easy temper: Kick him. All right boss. Deny him a meal in an eating house, off goes his hat and he into the kitchen. Deny him a bed, he'll sleep on the floor or in the mow. Jimcrow him in the movies and he crowds the galleries. In the cars and on boats he is happy with his banjo, song, and jig. Disfranchise him, he crosses his leg and waits for God to do everything to bring right around. To climax it, he wants to fight for his country, in the very face of the fact that he is told he is not wanted. The Baltimore Afro-American says: We are wondering what were the feelings of former Premier Viviani as he sat in the Supreme Court of the United States and listened to the pleading of prominent lawyers for the segregation of a portion of America's population because of the color of their skins. It must have opened up a new phase of the American character with which he had not been made acquainted. The New York Evening Post says: General Smuts, his eyes opened in the East African campaign to the possibilities in the huge native population "for the creation of the most powerful army the world has ever seen," calls for a clause in the treaty of peace forbidding the future military training of African natives. There 138 THE speaks South African sensitiveness over the racial question, with knowledge of the prowess of natives in arms under European officers since 1914. At the beginning of 1915, German black troops forced the surrender of British infantry at Jasin in German East Africa, and in Kamerun 3,000 black soldiers fought for a year against more than double their number of Belgian, British, and French troops, and escaped into Spanish territory when their ammunition was gone All the European nations have native sol diers in Africa, holding them primarily to suppress rebellions, but secondarily as defensive or offensive forces against the colonies of other nations; Belgium alone is said to have trained 30,000 blacks The Rev. A. Clayton Powell, a colored minister of New York City, thinks that: This is the psychological moment to say to the American white government from every pulpit and platform and through every newspaper, "Yes, we are loyal and patriotic. Boston Commons, Bunker Hill, Gettysburg, Fort Pillow, Appomattox, San Juan Hill, and Carrizal will testify to our loyalty. While we love our flag and country, we do not believe in fighting for the protection of commerce on the high seas until the powers that be give us at least some verbal assurance that the property and lives of the members of our race are going to be protected on land from Maine to Mississippi." Let us have the courage to say to the white American people, "Give us the same rights which you enjoy, and then we will fight by your side with all of our might for every international right on land and sea." If this kind of talk is not loyalty, then I am disloyal; if this is not patriotism, then I am unpatriotic; if this is treason, then I am a traitor. It is not that I love Caesar less but these black Romans more, who have been true to the flag for two hundred and fifty years. It is infinitely more disgrace ful and outrageous to hang and burn col ored men, boys, and women without a trial in the times of peace than it is for Germans in time of war to blow up ships loaded with mules and molasses. CRISIS MANASSAS, 1917. ELIZABETH MINER KING in the New York Evening Post writes: Then each graduate arose and carefully walked the prescribed chalk line in front of the platform, back of the sewing-machine table, to receive his diploma. As each re ceived his roll, tears welled in his eyes. The carpenters came forward for their diplo mas; the shoemaker came for his; the capped girl in domestic science came for hers, and the teachers for theirs. A bent old minister in tail coat and wrinkled face brought his charges bouquets of backyard roses and grass stalks. One girl bowed low over a huge white peony from some one's fence bush. One girl got none. She held her hands between her skirts to make less noticeable their emptiness. Search as I could there was nothing I could improvise for her. It is over. Everybody rise and sing the "Star-Spangled Banner." The tall oaks are up first, and the key in which the song is pitched goes as high as their utmost tops. Only the smallest lads can squeal through the song. Those who cannot reach the top notes of "the rockets' red glare" wave their arms and sway their bodies, ready to come down strong when "the flag was still there." Then the mules are harnessed, the young folks packed away, and those who live twenty miles back in Virginy and 'low to get, home by sunset jog on. Others go to see the exhibits of trades, the bread, the dress making, the horseshoeing, and other shoeing. The young men hang around, treating the girls to ice cream, and the "undergrade" get together, talking over the year's events. The matrons gather their broods, or sit under the trees for a chat. The "white folks" go in single file across the ploughed field from the grove to the "campus." And the graduating class in the front seats have just begun to amble back up the hill through the oaks, crooning with many an obligato, like a medley of violins: Keep me from sinking down, Oh, keep me from sinking down. Amen. It was sunset. MISS L. R. YOUNG, J. L. BERRY, E. J. SCOTT, JR., F. P. SMITH, Sargeant School. Howard. Phillips Exeter. Indiana. The Horizon EDUCATION. which he has in hand. His reason for re SUMMER schools will be held as follows: At Greensboro, N. C , the A. and T. School, beginning June 25, and continuing 5 weeks, J. B. Dudley, president; Norfolk, Va., the Booker T. Washington High School, beginning June 20, Prof. T. C. Erwin, conductor; Shreveport, La., beginning June 6 and continuing 6 weeks, T. H. Kane, Box 722; Natchez, Miss., June 4 to June 29, G. W. Brumfield, director; Cambria, Va., E. A. Long, conductor; Tuskegee Institute, June 11 to July 20, R. R. Moton, principal; New Orleans, La., June 11 to July 20, Prof. Alfred Lawless, Jr., conductor; Virginia N. and I. Institute, Petersburg, June 20 to August 1, J. M. Gandy, conductor; Florida A. and M., Tallahassee, June 11 to August 20; Howe Institute, Memphis, Tenn., June 11, continuing 6 weeks; Ft. Valley, Ga., H. and I., June 4 to June 30, H. A. Hunt, principal Prof. M. S. Davage has been elected by the Freedmen's Aid Society to succeed the late Dr. R. S. Lovinggood as president of Samuel Huston College, Austin, Tex. In Meridian, Miss., superintendents, principals and white teachers receive $69,907.10, colored principals and teachers $9,746.25, janitors for white schools $4,860, janitors for colored schools $612. C. W. Florence of the School of Education, University of Pittsburg, has led the university's debating team during the last three years, his team defeating several of the Eastern colleges and the larger universities of the Middle West. The General Education Board announces among its recent disbursements $50,974 for rural education among Negroes and $102,200 for Negro colleges and industrial schools. Miss M. O. Bonner of the Brookline, Mass., High School composed the class song of the graduating class of which she was a member. Two colored boys are on the basketball team which won the school championship for the cities of Duluth and Superior. A colored high school is to be erected in Shreveport, La., at a cost of $26,911. Dr. S. M. Newman, president of Howard University, informs us that he has not resigned but merely stated his intention to resign after accomplishing several matters signing is not age or health, but family bereavement and desire to engage in literary work. A site consisting of 257 acres in the suburbs of Alexandria, La., has been located for Leland University at a cost of $18,000. The building to be erected will cost between $75,000 and $100,000. Agriculture will be one of the leading features of the school. E. E. Smith has been leader of Virginia Union University's debating team for four years without a single defeat. He has won two victories over Howard and one each over Lincoln and Wilberforce. At the first annual outdoor athletic meet under the auspices of the Y. M. C. A., at Carroll Park, Baltimore, Md., Howard University won the loving cup. School No. 110 was victorious in the school boys' events and there were three men tied for the individual trophy offered by the Afro-American. Two thousand people attended. The Executive Committee of Shaw Alumni Association is offering a gold prize for the best "alma mater" song written by a graduate or former student. Six colored nurses were graduated from the Grady Hospital, Atlanta, Ga. This is the first colored class from this city hospital. The Mayor presided. Miss Vivian Carter is one of six graduates to qualify for place on the honor roll of the Auburn, N. Y., High School. In an oratorical contest between the students of the Chicago Law School, Starling D. W. Carr, a freshman, took first prize, a gold medal. There were sixteen white competitors. Blyden Jackson, age six, of the Western Colored Branch Library, Louisville, Ky., won the first primary prize, and Virginia Allen, age ten, of the Eastern Colored Branch won the first intermediate prize in the final Story Telling Contest conducted by the Louisville colored branch libraries. Their names will be engraved on the Cotter Story Telling Contest Cup given by the Louisville Free Public Library, and named in honor of Prof. Joseph S. Cotter, who originated the Story Telling Contest. Resolutions condemning the location of Fisk School, an institution for Negro pupils 139 THE CRISIS in New Orleans, La., which is in the vice district, were unanimously adopted at a Negro mass meeting and will be forwarded to Superintendent Gwinn. Prof. C. G. O'Kelly has resigned the presidency of Kittrell College to become dean of the National Training School at Durham, N. C , of which Dr. James E. Shepard is president. THE WAR . WE regret to learn that Lieut.-Col. Charles Young is confined to the Letterman Hospital in San Francisco. One hundred colored women met in New York City and formed the Women's Auxiliary to the Fifteenth Infantry, N. Y. N. G. Miss Susan E. Frazier was elected president. A training camp for 1,250 Negro officers was opened at Fort Des Moines, Iowa, June 15. Commanders from six army departments selected Negro applicants as follows: Northeastern, 40; Eastern, 240; Southeastern, 430; Central, 195; Southern, 75; Western, 20. This provided for 1,000 colored men selected from college graduates and members of Negro regiments of the National Guard, and was exclusive of 250 noncommissioned officers and enlisted men assigned for training as prospective officers from the Negro regiments of the regular army. A Negro battalion, numbering 600 Denver citizens, has been given authority for organization by Adjt.-Gen. Baldwin. Capt Thomas Campbell was commissioned major. The First Separate Battalion I). C. N. G, probably will be expanded into a regiment as the result of the decision of the War Department to permit the National Guard of the country to organize new units- An additional battery of field artillery may be organized. Colored cavalrymen of the 9th and 10th Regiments acted as an escort to Marshal Joffre at West Point. Mayor Mitchel, of New York City, appointed the Hon. Charles W. Anderson a member of the committee for the entertainment of the visiting War Commissioners Joffre, Balfour, and Viviani. The Frederick Douglass Guards has been organized by colored men in Des Moines, Iowa. Atty. Geo. H. Woodson, formerly first sergeant in the 25th U. S. Infantry, donated the use of 100 repeating rifles. The City Council, Chicago, Ill., appointed Dr. Allen A. Wesley, formerly major in the 8th Regiment, and Col. Franklin A. Denison, head of the regiment and now assistant attorney general of the state, as two representative citizens on the committee of one hundred selected to entertain Gen. Joffre of France and his staff. The Red Cross Unit of the National Red Cross Association at Howard University remained over after the close of that institution to sew for the soldiers, and a request came to them from the National organization for two women and a man to be sent to Atlanta to aid in relieving the victims of the recent fire in that city. The entire student body of Sumner Colored High School, in St. Louis, Mo., numbering 1,000 boys and girls, at a mass meeting voted unanimously to give up all athletics this spring and summer and devote their spare time to gardening. Major John H. Anderson, who has been detailed at Monrovia, Liberia, for two years as a U. S. Army officer, succeeding Lieut.Col. Charles Young, has arrived in San Juan, Porto Rico, on his way to take up his duties. Dr. Ernest Lyon, consul general of the Liberian Republic in the United States, has received word that the Republic of Liberia has severed diplomatic relations with the imperial German government and will cooperate with the United States and her allies in the prosecution of the war. MUSIC AND ART. H. T. BURLEIGH'S "Southland Sketches" for violin and piano were included in the numbers given by Doris Baker, violinist, who was the assisting artist at a Southern concert given by the Richmond Male Choral Society, Richmond, Va. On May 15 Mr. William H. Richardson, baritone of Boston, Mass., and Mrs. Maud Cuney Hare, pianist, appeared on the program of the "At Home" Musicale given by the Boston composer, Mrs. Edith Noyes Greene, at her studio in Huntington Chambers. Mrs. Hare gave music talks prefacing Mr. Richardson's offering of song-groups. Miss Yula T. Hardin, a pupil of Straight University, gave her graduating piano recital on May 18 at the college chapel. She is an exceptionally talented young musician and is a student of both the harp and piano. Miss Revella Hughes, who is the second 141 THE HORIZON graduate in piano from Howard University School of Music, gave her graduating recital at the close of the session. She is a pupil of Mr. Roy W. Tibbs and has unusual possibilities. Miss Hughes will teach next year at the Washington Conservatory of Music. Coleridge-Taylor's "Atonement" was given May 20 by the Metropolitan A. M. E. Church Choir, Washington, D. C. The Hampton chorus, composed of 700 voices, has given a tine rendition of Part 1 of Mendelssohn's "Elijah" under the direction of Mr. R. Nathaniel Dett. Dr. A. T. Davison, chorister of Harvard College, sang the baritone solo. Dr. Davison was sent to Hampton Institute to study the music situation there at the request of the General Education Board. The Mendelssohn Club at Albany, N. Y., featured the Foote setting of ColeridgeTaylor's "The Farewell of Hiawatha," with Louis Shenk as baritone soloist at their closing concert of the season. The West Indian Progressive Association gave a very successful concert at Massey Hall, Toronto, Canada, with Daisy Tapley, contralto, and Roland Hayes, tenor, as the visiting artists. "Rachel," the race-play written by Miss Angelina W. Grimke, was presented at Brattle Hall, Cambridge, Mass., on May 24, under the auspices of the Sunday School of St. Bartholomew's Church. The principals, although amateur actors, deserve mention for the splendid performance of their roles. The part of Rachel was taken by Mrs. Harriet Keelan Johnson. During the intermission, Coleridge-Taylor numbers were played by a selected trio, consisting of Maud Cuney Hare, pianist; Clarence Cameron White, violinist, and J. Harrell, 'cellist. At the twenty-fourth annual exhibition of the Art Students' League of Chicago, held at the Art Institute May 4 to June 11, works of two Negro artists, Charles Clarence Dawson and W. M. Farrow, were shown. Mr. Dawson's "Cotton Pickers," "The Bathers" and "A Spot on the Boul. Mich.," and Mr. Farrow's "From Under the Bridge" were exhibited. The latter's "Moment of Rest" is on exhibition at the Independent Artists' display in the Fine Arts Building, Chicago. The Phyllis Wheatley Home Association of Detroit, Mich., recently presented Mr. Roland W. Hayes, tenor, in a song recital at the Second Baptist Church of that city. Mr. Sinclair White Tyler, violinist, and Mr. Harry P. Guy, organist, were the assisting artists. The Cleveland, Ohio, Branch of the N. A. A. C. P. has presented Mr. Hayes in recital at (he Cory M. E. Church, at which two of Mr Henry T. Burleigh's songs were used, with the composer accompanying The closing exercises of Haines Institute of Augusta, Ga., included the rendition of Cowen's "Rose Maiden" with Mr. Roland Hayes as the assisting artist. Of his singing, Mr. T. J. Hickman, a member of the Board of Education of Augusta, and president of the Augusta Choral Societ". wrote: "As for the Boston tenor, he was delightful. I do not know when I have heard a more pleasing voice, so well modulated and colorful. He would do credit to any organization." "Just On the Other Side," the music of which is composed by a colored girl, Miss Mary M. Gibson, won the competition for the class of 1918 at Radcliff's annual interclass song competition. It will be included in the authorized college song book. Miss Beatrice Perry, a colored girl, has been revealed as "Neave Perry," whose short stories in magazines have won praise for the past two years. The sixteenth annual recital of pupils of Mrs. Estelle Ancrum Forster was held June 15 in Boston, Mass. The 1916-17 class included students in harmony, 3 in organ, 4 in solfeggio, and 42 in piano. Mrs. Mcta Z. W. Fuller, of Framingham, was awarded second sculpture prize of twenty-five dollars offered by the Masachusetts Branch of the Woman's Peace Party. Her work was titled: "Peace Halting the Ruthlessness ofWar."C Six thousand people attended the held in Indianapolis between Bethel Choir of Chicago and Allen Chapel of Indianapolis. The Chicago Choir, led by Prof J. A. Munday, defeated the home choir. In Winchester, Va., "Jake Among the Indians," written by Principal P. W. Gibson of the Douglass School, was successfully presented by the pupils of the school. Pupils of the senior classes of the Industrial High School in Birmingham, Ala., presented a patriotic pageant, "The Negro in American History." The Norfolk Colored Dramatic Club gave a successful presentation of Charles Klein's "The Lion and the Mouse" at the Colonial Theatre under the direction of J. C. Stith, 142 THE for the benefit of St. Joseph's Catholic Church. Mrs. Emilie Hapgood will continue the Colored Players as an organization and next season they will be seen in a Broadway, New York, theatre in a new program of plays. Mrs. Hapgood will also present the players on tour. The Martin-Smith Music School in New York City has held its tenth annual recital. The symphony orchestra of 130 members was assisted by the choir of St. Marks Church and gave the "Magic Flute" Over ture and the "G Minor Symphony" of Mo zart, among other numbers. In New York City Miss Nora Bayes is appearing at the 39th Street Theatre with a company of forty, three-fourths of whom are Negroes. Albert Sammons and William Murdock, both in khaki, gave the first performance of a violin sonata in D-Minor (ms.) by Coleridge-Taylor, April 14, in London. "All our efforts to identify this work with the help of the 'official' biography of the com poser have proved unavailing." The Daily Telegraph adds: "But from internal evi dence it would seem to be an early work. It is brimful of a delightful kind of me lodiousness. The workmanship is for so gifted a composer simplicty itself. Is it pos sible that the sonata should fill one of the lacunae in the composer's published list of works—op. 25, 27, 28, 32 all seem to be missing." The Times spoke of "passages of serene, almost feminine, beauty, expressed in rapturous and rather breathless sentences." A patriotic kermis, representing United States possessions, was given by the pupils and alumni of School No. 17, Indianapolis, Ind., under the auspices of the Woman's Council. Mrs. W. E. Brown was the director. Two thousand people saw the performance. SOCIAL PROGRESS. MISS ESSIE GOODE, a graduate of Columbia University, has been appointed pathological chemist at the Presbyterian Hospital connected with the Physicians and Surgeons Hospital of Columbia University. Philadelphia, Pa., has a force of 287 colored policemen. In Chicago, Ill., a tag day has brought $800 to the Old Folks Home and $600 to the Phyllis Wheatley Home. CRISIS State officials of Tennessee, after inves tigating the restaurants of Chattanooga for two weeks, declared that the cleanest one was conducted by a Negro. Colored taxpayers in Elizabeth, N. J., have started a movement to form a tax payers' association in order to unite their efforts in the matter of public improvements. They own about $300,000 worth of property. In Hobson City, Ala., an exclusive colored town, there are 4 churches with a combined membership of 700, a public school with 250 pupils, 12 progressive stores, waterworks, electric lights, police and sanitary depart ments, a jail and a governing board, elected every two years, which consists of seven mu nicipal officers, including a chief of police. Three white men, with their faces black ened so as to disguise themselves as Ne groes, held up the cashier of the First Na tional Bank at Kittyville, Md., getting $10,000. Douglass Memorial Hospital in Philadelphia has been appropriated $24,000 by the State, an increase of $4,000; Mercy Hospital, $14,000, an increase of $4,000; and the Downington School $25,000, an increase of $5,000. Cherry Street Branch of the Evansville, Indiana, Public Library is for colored people, and had during 1916 a circulation of 15,077 volumes. Large numbers of well-to-do colored people lost their property in the Atlanta, Ga., fire. The colored Odd Fellows building was used for relief purposes and a committee of eight prominent citizens, including three colored men, H. H. Pace, E. A. Oliver and A. F. Herndon, was appointed for rehabilitation. Two California men have received Carnegie Hero Medals: Julius Malone, who lost his life in saving guests of a Los Angeles fire, 1912, and Victor Milton, who was permanently crippled in rescuing a woman from a fire. The West Virginia Legislature has made the following appropriations to colored institutions for the fiscal period beginning July 1, 1917, and ending July 1, 1919: West Virginia Collegiate Institute. .$103,700 Bluefield Colored Institute 40,000 Storer College 5,400 Colored Tuberculosis Sanitarium.. 40,000 Colored Orphans' Home 35,000 Barnett Hospital 2,500 Through Mr. Claude Clark the colored people of South Texas are to have a bathing THE HORIZON pavilion in Galveston, accommodating 300 bathers at a time. Girard Miller has been appointed to the police force in Buffalo, N. Y. The Brooklyn, N. Y., Branch of the Y. M. C. A. has closed a contract for the erection of a new $200,000 building. The fourth annual flower market of the Women's Co-operative Civic League has been held in Baltimore, Md. INDUSTRY. W. H. WEST, formerly a janitor in the Federal Building at Trinidad, has invented a window transom. It can be adjusted in any size window and prevents dust, rain, snow and all kinds of insects from coming in and at the same time gives plenty of fresh air. Mr. West is said to have been offered $50,000 for his invention. The glass works in Spring City, Pa., are substituting colored girls for white boys. They are paying the girls as high as two dollars per day where the boys formerly employed received seventy-five cents per day. In Harlem, New York City, Mrs. Emma J. Murray has opened a department store. In conjunction with it she will also operate a hairdressing and beauty department. George M. Johnson, in Pittsburgh, Pa., has invented a car caging device for all kinds of mine shafts. Pueblo, Colo., has over 100 manufacturing plants representing thirty different lines of industry, giving employment to several thousand colored men. One hundred and nineteen Portuguese Negroes from the Cape Verde Islands are held at the Immigration Station in New Bedford, Mass., under the literacy clause in the immigration law. They probably will be deported. Fifteen colored women have been employed at the Ivorydale roundhouse of the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton Railroad as wipers of engines. Colored women in Cleveland, Ohio, have been employed as car cleaners on the Big Four Railroad in place of colored men who struck for higher wages. The J. B. Key Oil, Gas and Mining Company has been organized by Negroes in Okmulgee, Okla., with a capital stock of $1,000,000, and J. B. Key, a wealthy Negro business man, as president and general manager. It is planned to consolidate all the colored oil companies in Oklahoma into this firm. 0 June 30, 1012, there were 4,463 Negro Postal Savings depositors in the United States with $189,432 deposited. Following are geographic division statistics: New England 161 $3,640 Middle Atlantic 881 30,027 East North Central.... 580 28,992 West North Central 392 19,906 South Atlantic 1,124 43,263 597 23,571 West South Central 481 19,850 130 12,528 117 7,655 MEETINGS. THE 10th annual session of the Negro State Medical and Pharmaceutical Association met in Guthrie, Okla., for a three-day session. The Mayor of the city, John R. Hogan, welcomed the delegates. Dr. Mary F. Waring represented the National Association of Colored Women at the meeting of the National Council of Women held in Chicago, May 10 and 11, at Hotel Congress. More than 100 Negro delegates representing 15 states were present at the initial session in Fort Worth, Tex., of the Tenth National Sunday School Convention of the Colored Cumberland Presbyterian Church. A centennial meeting of the Frederick Douglass Campaign Committee was held May 17 in Brooklyn, N. Y. Many prominent colored citizens lent their names as patrons. The Rev. Geo. Frazier Miller delivered the address. The 4th annual convention of the National Alliance of Postal Employees will be held in Atlanta, Ga., July 11. The National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools will assemble in New Orleans, July 25, for its thirteenth annual session. The 19th annual session of the Medical Society of Negro Physicians, Pharmacists and Dentists of Kentucky met in Winchester May 9 and 10. Dr. P. M. Flack, of Louisville, presided. The Southern Sociological Congress will be held at Blue Ridge, N. C , July 30 to August 3. The golden jubilee of the Independent Order of St. Luke will be celebrated August 21-23 in Richmond, Va. The West Virginia State Federation of Colored Women's Clubs met in its tenth annual session with the Woman's Improvement League at Charleston, May 25 and 26. A measure providing for defective children was discussed; a telegram co-operating with THE CRISIS Nation-wide Prohibition was sent to President Wilson; and Mrs. B. J. Tyler was elected to represent the federation at the meeting of the National Defense Council. The 50th annual session of the Iowa State Federation was held in Ottumwa, May 21-23. A portrait of the late Booker T. Washington, painted by H. 0. Tanner, was unveiled. The picture will be placed in the historical building of the State at Ottumwa. The Delaware State Federation has held its first annual session. In Indianapolis a four days' session was held during May, representing GO clubs and 800 women, with one hundred delegates. The 61st annual conference of the British Methodist Episcopal Church of Canada will assemble at the local church, St. Catherines, Ontario, June 26. The first annual meeting of the Volunteer State Funeral Directors and Embalmers' Association conducted a two days' session in Nashville, Tenn., and re-elected E. P. Taylor as president. THE CHURCH. TH E first Negro suffragan bishop in the United States was elected by the Episcopal Council of the Diocese of Arkan sas, May 11. He is Archdeacon J. A. Rus sell, of Lawrenceville, Va. The vestry of All Saints Church, St. Louis, Mo., has extended " unanimous call to Rev. Shelton H. Bishop, of St. Philip's, Pittsburg, Pa., to become rector, succeeding the late Rev. C. M. C. Mason. Rev. Bishop is a son of Rev. Hutchins C. Bishop, rector of St. Philip's Church, New York City, and a nephew of the late Rev. Mason. John McCormick, the Irish tenor, donated a victrola to the St. Benedict Colored Church fair in New York City. The net receipts of the fair amounted to over $600. The Baptist Jubilee will be held at Lynchburg, Va., July 10-15, in celebration of the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Virginia Baptist State Convention. The Laymen's Missionary Movement of the United States and Canada recently closed its first convention for colored men in Norfolk, Va. Six hundred and forty-eight men were registered and twenty-six churches represented. PERSONAL. Ex-Queen Ranavalova of Madagascar is dead. . Henry T. Burleigh and J. Rosamond Johnson received honorary degrees of Master of Arts at the Atlanta University commencement. The will of Frank H. Keys, carriage manufacturer of Council Bluffs, Iowa, bequeaths $50,000 to Tuskegee Institute and $400,000 to the improvement of industrial conditions of colored people of the South. James R. Harris, Sr., has completed forty years' service in the mailing division of the local post office in Louisville, Ky. The marriage of Miss Emma Ethlynde Bibb to Harry H. Pace took place June 20 in Atlanta, Ga. A complimentary reception and luncheon was given in Odd Fellows' Hall, Washington, D. C , June 2, in honor of the eightieth birthday of former Governor P. B. S. Pinch-back of Louisiana. A silver loving cup was presented from New Orleans. The Hon. Herbert F. Wright, American Consul at Porto Cabello, Venezuela, has returned to his home at Marshalltown, Iowa. The Rev. John Albert Williams, colored priest of the Church of St. Philip the Deacon in Omaha, was re-elected secretary of the Diocese of Nebraska at the recent annual church council. The necrology for the month includes Abel P. Caldwell, editor of the Courant, Philadelphia; Mrs. Jessie Taylor Johnson at Chicago, Ill., mother of Fenton Johnson, the poet; William P. Hall, in Philadelphia, Pa., who was a poultry dealer in the Reading Terminal Market for many years; William H. Hearn, a former employee in the Treasury Department at Washington, D. C ; Will H. Dixon, the noted song writer, at Chicago, Ill.; Ruth McEnery Stuart, of Louisiana, author of dialect tales of the Negro; Joseph B. Foraker, former U. S. Senator from Ohio, who saved the reputaton and standing of the five companies of the 25th Infantry, discharged without trial by President Roosevelt; Mrs. Helen Letitia Fields, in San Francisco, mother of Dr. William H. Fields, and known as "Grandma Fields." At New Orleans, La., a squad of soldiers from the United States barracks, near Chalmette, attended the funeral of Colonel F. C. Antoine, who at his death was assistant adjutant and quartermaster general of the Department of Louisiana and Mississippi, G. A. R.; Col. Simon C. Collins, a Civil War veteran, who enlisted in the 6th Regiment of Colored Volunteers in Philadelphia is dead; the funeral of the THE HORIZON Rev. Thomas Henry Shorts, for thirty years pastor of Queen Street Baptist Church, Hampton, Va., was attended by thousands of men and women from all sections of the State; Dr. W. F. Montgomery, a practising physician at Sophia, W. Va., and a graduate of Atlanta University is dead. Dr. H. L. Morehouse, for many years secretary of the American Baptist Home Mission Society of New York, is dead. He was one of the foremost Baptists of the country and will be especially missed among the colored people of the South. POLITICS. PROF. A. L. BRITWELL, former prin cipal of Greendale School, has an nounced his candidacy for Magistrate for the Fourth District, Lexington, Ky. Dr. John Hopkins has been re-elected alderman of the Sixth Ward at Wilmington, Del. Dr. Alfred P. Russell, a colored man, ran well for the Massachusetts Constitutional Convention, though he lost, as did Moor-field Storey. Hon. A. S. Pillsbury was elected. GHETTO. MISS BESSIE EASLEY has been awarded $100 for discrimination in the Automat lunchrooms in New York City. Frank R. Stewart, a colored attorney of Pittsburg, has succeeded in having all of the colored men discharged who were arrested wholesale sometime ago for killing a grocer. The police at the time arrested 200 colored men and sent 70 of them to the workhouse. A foreman of a chain gang in Chattanooga, Tenn., has been exonerated for the killing of a 15-year-old colored boy in cold blood. The boy was shot through the back. The Lube Martin case has been re-opened by the Kentucky Court of Appeals. Gen. B. H. Young, an ex-Confederate soldier, is defending the prisoner. The Superior Court of Fulton County, Ga., after two years, has declared that colored Shriners have no legal right to exist. They are enjoined from using rituals and wearing pins of the same design as those used by the Nobles of the Mystic Shrine throughout the United States. The colored Shriners are determined to fight the case to the U. S. Supreme Court. R. C. Rogers, a Negro in Angola, Ind., has been given a judgment of one dollar against the proprietor of the Angola Theatre, who ejected him from a main floor-seat he was occupying in the theatre. Residents of Lauraville, near Baltimore, Md., protested against the location of Morgan College on the old Ivy Mills property on the Hillen Road. Morgan College is now located in a strictly white neighborhood and has been since 1880. Not only has no friction been in evidence on account of its location, but property values have not depreciated. Arrangements for the new location have been completed. Refusal of Southern students at the Lake Forest Academy to compete against a colored athlete, Kelly, led to the calling off of the track meet between that institution and the New Trier Township High School in Cook County, Ill. In Savannah, Ga., a colored woman has, after three years, gained $1,800 from the estate of her white father. Five Negroes have been arrested in Georgia for publishing doggerel poetry about leaving the South. Sam Conley, who last year killed a man who beat his mother and whose mother was afterward lynched, has been tried in Georgia and sentenced to 12 years in the peni tentiary for voluntary manslaughter. A new trial has been asked. A Cleveland auto company refused to carry Mrs. Josephine H. Miner. She sued the company through her attorney, C. S. Sutton, and recovered a verdict of $125. A riot between white and Negro workingmen has taken place in East St. Louis. It is said that the Negroes were brought in as strike breakers in the packing plants and other industrial establishments. The militia was called out and order assured after 1,500 or more colored men had been driven from the city. Difficulties which had something of the aspect of the racial riot have taken place in San Juan Hill District, New York, and in Harlem. The following lynchings have taken place since our last record : May 7, Phoenix, Ariz., Starr Daley, lynched for murder. May 11, Shreveport, La., Henry Brooks, shot for intimacy with a white woman. May 20, Fulton, Ky., Lawrence Dempsey, hanged for wounding a railroad watchman. May 22, Memphis, Tenn., Ell Persons, burned for alleged rape and murder. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Completes Your Life-Line No Matter Where You Live So many times in our advertisement you have seen this phrase "No Matter Where You Live We Can Protect You." That is literally and actually true. Our policies arc so broad and devoid of technicalities that they comply with the most rigid requirements for life insurance companies. Therefore, if you went North or if you went East or West, no matter where you went or where you live, Standard Life can protect yon. Every mail brings us changes of addresses of our policyholders who moved from the South to Pennsylvania or New Jersey or Illinois or Michigan or Ohio or other northern points, and who are sending their premiums back to us keeping their policies in force. The protection of Standard Life Insurance Company is the most valuable thing you left behind. Your houses may become vacant, your farms remain untilled, your investments may dwindle away, but the one things that is on the job day and night and never lets go its watchful care over you for even one moment as long as the premiums are paid and that protects you no matter where you live is your Standard Life Policy. We want you to realize that fact and we w:ant you to realize how important it is that when your premium falls due that you send it in on time, together with your new address, so that this protection which you have may not cease even for one moment. These are times for unusual prosperity for some of us and some of our incomes arc far more now than they have ever been before. At the same time there is another larger element who have not fared so well, and the cost of even a bare existence is greater now than it has ever been before. No one can tell just how long such a condition is going to last. The thing to do is to make definite careful provision for the future. Whenever a life insurance policy lapses, it is not the person whose life is insured who takes the risk, but the risk is carried by the beneficiary under your policy. In times like these you do not want to add to the risk which must be carried by your wife or daughter or your mother or your sister. Hold on to your life insurance no matter whatever else you may let go. Send us your new address and proper notices will come to you on time. It is essential that we have your address after you have changed it or you might not receive notice and you might overlook paying your premium. Fill out the attached coupon and send it to us today if you have changed your address and we will make proper changes on our records. Name Old Address: No Street City State New Address: No Street City State Policy No STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE CO. Home Office: 200 Auburn Ave., Atlanta, Georgia OVER FOUR MILLIONS INSURANCE IN FORCE HEMAN E. PERRY, President HARRY H. PACE, Sec-Treasurer Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 147 EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTIONS (.Continued from page 110) Lincoln Institute Founded by Negro soldiers. Supported by the State of Missouri. For both men and women. Faculty of 34 from the best schools and colleges of the country. College Department, offering four years' course with degree Bachelor of Arts; Normal Department, offering two years' course preceded by four years of Standard High School work, and leading to the Degree Bachelor of Pedagogy. College preparatory course. Music, art, domestic science, elocution, agriculture, blacksmithing, machinery, electric engineering, carpentry, cabinet making, automobile repairing and construction, sewing, art needlework, basketry, raffia, drawing and fine arts. Normal diploma is a life certificate to teach in the public schools of Missouri. One of the best schools in the country for students of limited means. Catalog on request. Benjamin Franklin Allen President Jefferson City, Missouri "In Free Kansas." WESTERN UNIVERSITY and STATE INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT QUINDARO, KANSAS Ideally located with city advantages and country surroundings. A good wholesome atmosphere for the growing students. Personal interest of teacher in student. Complete equipment to give best practical training. MILITARY DISCIPLINE. Departments: Normal, Commercial, Theological, In dustrial, Music. TEEMS SEASONABLE. STRONG FACULTY. Write for Catalog. 22nd Annual Session opens Sept. 10, 1917. Dr. K. T. Sealing, President. MATHER INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL Beaufort, S. C. SEMI-CENTENNIAL Beautifully located on the water front. Academic, Domestic Science and Bible Courses. The object of the institution is the development of Christian womanhood and preparation of students as teachers, dressmakers, milliners and homemakers. WALDEN COLLEGE Nashville, Tenn. A classical and industrial college of the first rank, OUR AIM Christian character, loyal citizenship and education for service, LITERARY COURSES College, normal, preparatory, musical, domestic science and art. Full commercial and business courses. A good library and reading room, a strong faculty, a beautiful campus, good board, expenses low. clean athletics. Graduates from the normal course receive State certificates without examination. School Opens September 27th Electric lights and furnace licit in all the buildings. The new Science Hall for recitation purposes has sixteen rooms, steam beat, electric lights and all modern conveniences. Come to Walden this fall and bring one student with you. For information write the President, E. A. WHITE STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. MME. BRIDGES' SCHOOL OF French Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring and Millinery. Bridges System. Special Courses in Designing, Copying, Draping, Making, Trimming, Finishing, Cutting and Fitting. Special reduction in tuition given to students en tering in groups of three or more or to one student taking two or more consecutive courses. Individual Instruction. A Bridges Diploma means something to you. Dormitory for students. 4221 Oakenwald Ave. Chicago, Ill, Stenography Typewriting Book-keeping THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1. Short Courses in Typewriting 2. Shorthand made as easy as A. B. C. 3. Brief Courses in Practical Book-keeping We typewrite Letters, Postal Cards, Wills; fill in Deeds and multigraph Circular Letters cheap. EDWARD T. DUNCAN, President 1227 SO. 17TH STREET, PHILADELPHIA, PA, ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "An unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful. It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness arid calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST.. BOSTON. MASS. Mention The Crisis 148 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER A Christian Duty compels you to provide for your family and dependents. Then why not provide for a perpetual income during sickness and accidental injuries? Will you consider your duty properly discharged if you make provision only down to death, and leave the widow and those dear little orphans penniless after your death? It is the privilege of every man and a duty every man owes himself and family to carry sufficient insurance to provide the necessities of life during illness, and to pay off the expenses and the mortgage on the home after death. Why would a man provide well for his wife and children during his life and leave them beggars after his death? A good Insurance Company is next to the Church; a SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY policy is better than a bank account; you draw from the bank your deposit plus interest; you draw from SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY, not what you put in, but as long as you are sick and an undiminished death claim paid to the family after death. Some have put in $50.00 and drawn out $500.00. Why not act today? Tomorrow you may not be able to pass the examination for a good policy in a reliable Insurance Company. Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. B. L. JORDAN, Asst. Secretary. guuiuiliiiuiuiiiuiii iiiiiiiiiii i 111 i 11:11111 1 inn urn 1 in 1 mini mini mi mil 1111 iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiii Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 149 BOOKS BY PROMINENT NEGROES Issued by The Neale Publishing Company, New York, N. Y. The American Cavalryman. By Henry F. Downing Mr. Downing perhaps has had a more varied career than any other living Negro from the Civil War to the war between the United States and Germany. He was the first colored man to represent the United States at a city of a white government, by appointment of President Cleveland. He introduced Coleridge-Taylor to the London Public. He persuaded Liberia to open its doors to foreign capital. Merely to recount his activities in public life of the past fifty years would take a volume. But his highest renown has been won as a man of letters, and this is a romance of Liberia—a romance of a very high order, written by the only man who could have written it. $1.50 by mail. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors By J. N. Leger M. Leger, formerly represented Haiti as Minister to the United States, and later represented Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, at The Hague. In Europe as well as in America he is re garded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two editions: one in English and one in French. Illus trated. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Facts of Reconstruction By John R. Lynch Major Lynch, an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Congress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, and by far the greater part of his adult life has been passed in public service. The late Sen. Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major Lynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Redder Blood By William M. Ashby Prof. Ashby was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Ethiopia By Clayton Adams Mr. Adams writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used deliberately. The ancient Kingdom of Ethiopia has passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figuratively, principally to designate the invisible kingdom of native Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Race Adjustment By Kelly Miller Prof. Miller, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the Negro in America that won for him fame as a man of letters when they were first published periodically. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Out of the House of Bondage By Kelly Miller This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier volume was published. Already the sale of this new volume has been large. $1.65 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa By George W. Ellis Mr. Ellis was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and ' as taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church By John H. Reed The Rev. Dr. Reed, D.D., K.C., writes authoritatively on the subject matter of his book. Introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D. $1.60 by mail. The Black Man's Burden By William H. Holtzclaw Prof. Holtzclaw is the founder and the principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales By Joseph S. Cotter Prof. Cotter is the principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. Ashby and Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro life in imaginative prose fiction,—a branch of literature to which Negro authors should give greater attention. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam By John Walter Paisley Prof. Paisley, for many years a professor of English Literature, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The New Negro By William Pickens Dean Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Key By James S. Stemons Mr. Stemons is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.00 by mail. Order through THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO.,440FourthAvenueNewYorkCity or THE CRISIS,70fifth Avenue Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS 150 Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 19 Monographs Sold Separately ADDRESS ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY :&gt; ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. _ An aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. 'Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York, N. Y. $25.OO PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, 50 illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A. JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street NEW YORK TEACHERS A live agency furnishes the connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia. Illinois, Indiana, Kansas. Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi. Missouri, New York, North Carolina. Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Summer School opened June 7, 1917, and will close August 30, 1917. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, commercial law and business correspondence. In one month our students operate typewriters blindfolded. In eight months apt students can pass the Civil Service Examination for stenographers with ease. Class, individual or private instruction. WRITE, EDWARD T. DUNCAN 1227 S. 17th St Philadelphia , Pa. AGENTS er w $18 to $45new ADVERTISER The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly 100 Pages Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ, of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. In it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $1,00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single numbers, 25 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to TH E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St., N. W. Washington, D. C. University Literary Bureau Manuscript Criticized and Revised Poems, Short Stories, Novels, Scenarios, Magazine and Press Articles, Sermons and Addresses. Advice on Publication • Correspondence Solicited Strictly Confidential Montgomery Gregory AlainLeroy Lock ADDRESS: Box 102, Howard University, Washington, D. C. Correct Calling Cards POPULAR STYLES FOR LADIES OR GENTLEMEN. 100 FOR SO CENTS OR 50 FOR 30 CENTS. NO EXTRA CHARGE FOR ADDRESS. ALL ORDERS FILLED PROMPTLY. ATTRACTIVE PROPOSITION FOR AGENTS. WRITE FOR SAMPLES AND TERMS THE HOUSE OF CHOWNING INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA WANTED eek made selling PROF. KELLY MILLER'S  PROGRESS OF COLORED PEOPLE. Teach ers, students, male or female, ministers, widows, married women, anyone with spare time, can make $1 per hour. Everybody buys, it's easy to sell. Write for terms and outfit at once, act today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., 523 Ninth St. WASHINGTON, D. C. Mention Tun CRISIS 151 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Do You want to Read a Live, Red-Blooded Story—a Story with a Punch in It? then, do not fail to get "FROM SUPERMAN TO MAN" by J. A. Rogers. The most striking vindication of the Negro ever penned. Brilliant arguments backed by an invincible array of the world's greatest thinkers --Shakespeare— Schopenhaver— Darwin—Huxley— Finot. Anti-Negro harangue-outangs overwhelmed with ridicule. The case against the Negro laughed out of court. All in an easy, breezy style you'll enjoy. Prof. George B. Foster, University of Chicago: "A stirring story, faithful to truth and helpful to a better understanding and feeling." W. N. C. Carlton, Esq., Librarian, Newberry Library, Chicago (in a letter to the author). "I shall place your book in the permanent collection of the Library where present day and future students of the history of your race will find in it a most significant document." The Brooklyn Daily Eagle: "From Superman to Man is a vindication of the American Negro." Attorney Charles Scrutchin, Bemidji, Minnesota: "A thoughtful, courageous book." $1.00 (cloth bound) By Mail $1.10 Additional agents wanted— Dept. "A," Hayes Book Store. 3640 S. State St., Chicago, Ill. INVESTTGATE "TheSingleTax: What it is." - George Single The Single Tax and the Farmer."-Shearman "The Single Tax and the Business man.-Rusby All three booklets &amp; The Public, the paper with the Single Tax point of view. 10 weeks 25c. Tax. THE PUBLIC 122E 37th St. New York THE STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY, Est. 1897. 1011 New York Avenue, Washington, D. C. SITUATIONS WANTED—DOMESTIC SCIENCE, BIOLOGY, MUSIC, ACADEMIC WORK (COLLEGE. SEMINARY, GRADED SCHOOL)—GRADUATES. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You GetA Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. See the Selected List on the Back Cover NATURAL HAIR WIGS Direct from the Manufacturer My Business is selling fine quality Human Hair Goods direct to the wearer by mail. Every wig is hand made by skilful workers, using only the best of materials and should not be confused with machine made goods which are frequently advertised at lower prices. MADE TO YOUR OWN MEASUREMENTS Wig No. 4 No. 4 WIG This wig is parted from the center in front of forehead all the way back to nape of neck and is also parted across the head from ear to ear. This wig can also be made with the part in front commencing at either the right or left side if so desired, for which there is no extra charge. When this is not mentioned the wig will be made with the center $14. part. Short Curly Wig This wig is made of shorter hair than the usual wigs, and dresses very handsomely. It has a short part in front which I can make either in the center, on the right or the left side. Wig is dressed in rolled curls. -My experience has proven that for a Short Curly win, this style makes up nicer than any $9. other style. Wig No. 42 FREE — Illustrated Catalogue with instructions for ordering sent on request. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED—All goods as represented or money refunded. ALEX. MARKS, P. 0. Box 226, Station "A", New York City MENTION THE CRISIS 152 TH E CRISIS Mrs. M. Watson Rudd of the Ideal Exclusive Parlors announces a Special Course in the Art of Beauty Culture during the summer months. This course is planned with special reference to teachers and students contemplating a summer in New York City. As the size of the class is limited prospective students should apply early. Address Mrs. M. Watson Rudd, 47 West 42d Street, New York City. Red Rose Face Powder Made in all shades to suit your complexion; heals and beautifies. Price 50c. Sample size 20c. Red Rose Cold Cream For dry faces. Price 50c and 25c. Red Rose Vanishing Cream For oily faces. Price 50c and 25c. Red Rose Beauty Cream For use at night; a real skin food that cleanses, softens and preserves. Price 75c and 50c. All made of the best materials. FLORESSENCE MFG. CO., 239 West 63d St., New York City J. R. WIGGINS, Manager. SCHOOL OF HAIRDRESSING Full course including hair manufacturing and wig making—$25.oo. Diplomas Given. G. RODGERS, successor to Mme. C. Price, 169 West 131st St., New York City. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM introducing LLYRA'S HAIR BEAUTIF1ER A Guaranteed Food Preparation for the Hair. Price 50 cents per box. Agents Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS, MO. ADVERTISER MURIEL'S SHOPPING SERVICE Your shopping done for you in The Greatest Market in The World by Experts at No Extra Cost to you. We will purchase for you Any Article you wish in Department, Retail or Wholesale Store, or any trade Agency, Distributor, or Manufacturer. You may write plainly describing such articles or any other of your "Wants" and it will get the quickest possible attention at the very lowest cost to you, saving you many dollars. When you have all information concerning such articles you desire to purchase, send money, express order or registered to cover entire cost. If there is a balance it will be refunded promptly. All packages will be shipped with express charges "Collect" unless otherwise requested. Reference furnished to any purchasers whenever desired. Address all communications to : MURIEL'S SHOPPING SERVICE 2303 Seventh Ave., New York City Mention The Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 	153 If It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE. CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L.J ONES. Pres. N.	 E. Cor. 8th &amp;. Plum Cincinnati, Ohio FREE STYLE BOOK —HAIR — Mail Order Dealers Let the 	To Colored Women Sell valuable Instruction We arc the largest mansystems by cut price couufacturers of Colored -	4 in 1 -pon under Money Back Women's Hair. Our Guarantee. Big M argin. latest book showCoupon Plan ing new styles in hair dressing Rent Small Selling Expense. Complete Plan, Sample free.	 Every colored Increase Coupons and B argain Woman should have Bulletin sent on request. one. We sell Your Profits Mail Dealer's Coupon System: thousands of our 521 So. Dearborn Street, Chicago hair and toilet ar ticles. Satisfaction guaranteed or money back. We make the best solid Brass Combs, with extra heavy IF ANXIOUS hack, fully guaranteed. Send money To	 improve your hair and general apOrder or stamps. MONEY RACK IF pearance use Seeby's Quinade and NOT SATISFAC TORY. 80C. postpaid. Quinasoap. Sold by druggists at 25c. each or sent direct on receipt of price. For FREE sample of Quinade and full particulars, write POSTPAID 89c. Hair nets. brushes, combs and 'diet articles manufacturers' prices. Send two-cent stamp. SEEBY DRUG CO. Agents Wanted. Address as follows: HUMANIA HAIR COMPANY, Dept. C , New York City. 181-187 Park Row. Address Dept. 3. New York City. Hand Made Natural Human Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can b*e combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair NETS. WE CARRY THE LARGEST STOCK IN ELECTRIC COMBS Mail Orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W . I. Send 2c for catalog. Mme. Baum's Hair Emporium, Inc., 486 Eighth Avenue, New York City Between 34th and 35th Streets Mention Th e Crisis 154 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER T-(-«i,„„-.. /Central 104-W Telephones: | M a i n 61 HARRY E. DAVIS $60AWEEKandthisfreeautomobile Attorney-at-Law Notary Public Every agentcan get anauto freeno CONTEST Tub Guaranteed For Ten Years You—yourself—can positively make $60 a week and get a Free Auto. I want men, hustling, energetic, ambitious fellows, anxious to make money, who are willing to work with me. Not for me, but with. me. Are you that kind? I want you to advertise, Bell, and appoint local agents for the biggest, most sensational seller in 50 years—the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demonstrating- Tub Furnished. Here's an absolutely new invention—nothing like it. Makes Instant appeal. Sells easily. Gives every home a modern up-to-date bathroom in any part of the house. No plumbing, no waterworks needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella. Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Remember, fully 70% of homes have no bath rooms. Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made $400 profit in 30 day a Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got $1600 to date. Burkholder, Mont., orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlinton, of Wyo., made $60 first two days. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, permanent, fascinating work. Write a postcard. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. Your credit is good If you mean business. But you must be ambitious, you must want to make money. That's all. Write a postcard now. I want to pay you $60.00 every week, H. S. ROBINSON, PRES. THE ROBINSON CABINET MFG, CO. 4293 Factories Building TOLEDO, OHIO Open July 1st Closed September 10th THE OCEAN HOUSE SEA ISLE CITY, N. J. This hotel is right on the ocean front. It has wide porches, large conservatory dining room where HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class service for First-class people 3428 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor•at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office 'Phone, 3297 Mulberry . Residence 'Phone. 5277-M Market NEWARK, N. J General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 1020 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH Attorney-at-Law Offices: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn Tel 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechen HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN Attorneys-at-Law 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals WriteforQuotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL. DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York A "Womanly" Way To Remove Hair sanitary El-Rado liquid WASHE S THE HAIR OFF B Y DISSOLVING it. WOMEN FAIRLY REVEL IN THE COMFORT AND CLEANLINESS OF HAIR-FREE UNDERARMS. AFTER USING EL-RADO CHIFFON SLEEVES CAN BE WORN WITHOUT any DRESS SHIELDS. Entirely harmless. Money-back guarantee. At all toilet counters. 50c and $1.00 If you prefer, we will fill your order by mail if you write enclosing stamps or coin. MME LEILA W. ROBINSON 110 W. 136th Street. NEW YORK WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book BY Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO Bv W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 94 VOLUMES NOW READY Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per C±f\.-t-volume. Each complete and sold separately --60c. net POSTAGE EXTRA " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 6o cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Belloc By G. K. Chesterton ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WA R By* F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou ORDER THROUGH THE PUBLISHERS OR THROUGH The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York MENTIONTHECRISIS THE CRISIS Book You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. A Selected List of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF AN EX-COLORED MAN. (Anonymous). 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 THE LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F. Riley). 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF THE NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLACK FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 THE WHITE MAN'S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF THE NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HALF A MAN. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 AFTERMATH OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 MY LIFE AND WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOHN BROWN. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 1.25 NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HALL AND HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford)... 1.00 THE HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T . G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE IN WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 THE NEGRO. (W. E. B. Du Bois) 60 THE EDUCATION OF THE NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R . Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR , 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, THE CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York