The Freewoman , made THE Freewoman A WEEKLY HUMANIST REVIEW No. 44. Vol. II. THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 19, 1912 Threepence Registered at g.p.o. as a Newspaper. Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS Page Mos Pro Lege in New York. By Reginald Wright Kauffman 341 The Legend. By E. H.Visiak 342 Topics of the Week: Conscription 343 The Moralist's Dilemma 343 Marriage. By Rebecca West 346 The Philo-Thespians. By Huntly Carter 348 Page The Working Women's College. By B. L. 349 The New Order. Series II. IV.—The New Religion: Cosmic Harmony in Human Conduct. By W. Allan Macdonald and Helen M. Macdonald 351 Women Inventors. By G. H. Rayner 352 Page Correspondence: The Case for Constancy 353 The Case of Penelope 354 Fidelity 354 The Freewoman 356 Eugenics in America 356 Girls of To-day 356 Children's Surnames 356 Special Treatment for Suffragists 358 Freemasons 359 MOS PRO LEGE IN NEW YORK. "For as many as have sinned without law, shall also perish without law; and as many as have sinned in the law, shall be judged by the law." —Rom. ii. 12. TWO questions are just now being asked of every citizen of the United States that happens to be out of his own country:— " Are the present revelations of New York police-crime true? "  "If they are true, why does such crime exist? "  Of the particular instance I know nothing. I was not in New York when Rosenthal was shot. Indeed, if my memory serves me rightly, I never met either Rosenthal or Becker. But, for reasons that I need not here go into, I do know something concerning the conditions that so inevitably brought about the Rosenthal murder. I know enough not to be surprised by the crime. I know enough to be surprised by the fact that the truth about the crime was revealed. Not that I have made what our financiers call  " a corner "  in the knowledge of these conditions. For years most Americans have, among themselves, tacitly admitted the existence of such things in most of their cities. A few Americans have even written about them, I among the number. In order not to be called extremists, we told a quarter of the truth—and were called extremists. Now the Public Prosecutor of New York, District Attorney Whitman, is telling half the truth—and is being called harder names. Nor is New York unique. In Philadelphia (population about 1,550,000)1 have sat in a house conducted for prostitution and opium-smoking and there talked to the landlady and her lover; the lover shared the profits, and was a member of the police force. Within the past twelve months: The Vice Commission of Chicago (the population of Chicago is about 2,200,000) has reported that " temptations have assailed officers in high control, " and that " some have fallen "; Detroit (population about 500,000) has unearthed a worse state of affairs; So, in the recent trial of its Director of Public Safety, John M. Morin, has Pittsburg (population about 535,000); In a lesser city an alleged " Southern gentleman, " aided by the local municipal authorities, has tarred and feathered a woman because his full-grown son had been living on that woman's earnings as a prostitute; Mayor Pearce, of Tallapoosa, another small city, has called out a fire-engine and turned the hose on a woman labour-agitator; During several months the police and " prominent citizens " of San Diego, California (population about 20,000) have arrested hundreds of labour-agitators without warrant, imprisoned them without trial, inflicted on them tortures that the law forbids me to mention in print, and have been editorially commended by the local Press; The official reports of the army have shown that one in every five of its men is infected with a venereal disease; The chief of the Bureau of Investigation of the Federal Department of Justice at Washington has declared that no woman in the country is safe from the so-called " white slavers "; Revelations concerning two common-pleas judges have barely prevented their elevation to the federal bench; and Similar revelations have forced two full-fledged Federal judges to resign. I wonder if other countries, under any other form of capitalistic government are very much better off. I don't know; I am merely wondering. During the month of July last New York averaged one known murder a day. Known murders, I am talking of, and murders officially so described. Of course, there is something to be said of murders not officially so described, but not here and now. Does the average startle you? Be calm. Commissioner of Police Waldo has produced figures to show that this is an improvement, and that his men have attained to a greater degree of efficiency in 1912 than that which they so ably maintained in 1911. In spite, however, of an apparent easy acceptance of things as they are in the United States, we have really tried to better matters, and New York offers an excellent example of the result. Some years ago New York was shocked by finding that conditions in its police force were what they have now once more been found to be. The law-abiding people of the city determined to stop it. They seized upon the " good man " and " businesslike administration " ideas. With considerable trouble and at considerable expense they managed to elect a genuinely good man for mayor, and this good man proceeded to administer the city's laws, appoint its appointive officers, and conduct its affairs  " on a business basis. "  After the experiment had been thoroughly tried there was another investigation, and this investigation proved that corruption was further advanced than it had ever been before. In most of the cities of the United States men are appointed to the police force by a supposedly competitive examination conducted by a Civil Service Board, and the full-fledged policeman is thus, theoretically, a sort of brass-buttoned competition wallah; but the competition is more supposititious than real. A man wants to be " on the force "; he goes to the " boss " of the controlling political party in the voting district in which the candidate lives. This boss carries the request to the city boss of the party. The city boss issues the necessary orders to the Examining Board, which is composed of certain of his lieutenants, and, when a vacancy in the force demands an examination of candidates, the candidate favoured by the city boss is given the winning marks. Now, you cannot get something for nothing in the United States, any more than anywhere else in the world. The district boss secures favours because he controls enough votes in his district to " swing " all elections in that district the way that the city boss wants them swung. Consequently, the candidate for the police force can secure the favour of the district boss only by being able to offer him the control of certain votes in the district, or, if the candidate has previously " delivered the goods, " then by an assurance of holding the delivered voters in place at the next and all future elections. If, after he is appointed, any of his voters rebel, or if the policeman in any way offends his master, any one of a dozen offences that the Civil Service rules punish with dismissal will be proved against him, for he will be tried by a police court composed of men equally dependent on the bosses, and he will lose his job. In proportion to the cost of living and the " position " that he is required to " maintain, " every police officer's pay is small. The policeman is necessarily a robust man, but in the United States he is generally a member of that faith which is most strenuously opposed to the practice of neo-Mal-thusianism. The salary of a police captain does not meet his expenses, nor does the lieutenant's, the sergeant's, the patrolman's. Upon all, moreover, the party organisation and campaign funds make constant and inordinate, but imperative, demands. If you don't pay, you leave the service. Since the Civil Service rules forbid civil servants to make direct contributions toward party maintenance, the contributions are secured by forcing policemen to join political " clubs. " These clubs are scattered thickly throughout a city. A club may occupy only one room at a low rental and yet have 200 or more dues-paying members. The wide margin between the expenses of the club and its receipts goes to the party organisation. Do you wonder, then, that the patrolman taxes the prostitute and the gambler, that the sergeant taxes the patrolman's tax receipts, that the lieutenant taxes the sergeant's, and the captain the lieutenant's? Magistrate House, of New York, is what is known as " a party man. " Consequently he is a pessimist, which is to say that he is short-sighted. But he had some glimmering of the half-truth when he recently declared:— " You can't eradicate the corruption. It's in the very system. " It is in the system. It is in the system of society of which we are a part. To change it we must revolutionise society. Business, as we now know it, supports society. Society supports the police. And— " business is business " Reginald Wright Kauffman. THE LEGEND. There was a little demon dire, Who loved to play with helle fire. He burned his fingers, scotched the cat (When cats are black, 'tis all through that!) On this, the Devil, very waxy, Kicks him out through Cotopaxi. So, with a shriek of fiendish mirth, He came to plague the sons of earth. Cupid was the name he took. (If men were wise, he'd take his hook!) He sets 'em all a-playing with fire. They're wise below, if we're up higher! E. H. VlSIAK. The signature to the Open Letter to Mr. Lloyd George in last week's issue should have read Lucy Thoumaian not Thoumasom, as printed. In the letter of E m' Wat son, the sentence, " Talk . . . are simply a perversion of language, " should have read, " Talk ... is simply a perversion of language. " —Ed. TOPICS OF THE WEEK. Conscription. THE views which were expressed in the article entitled " The Slave, " in our last week's issue, and which saw in the arming of the Trade Unionists the way out from wage-slavery to freedom, have received some criticism from a quarter which we consider the best equipped to judge. A prominent Syndicalist said, " No. Firstly, the plan is too expensive; secondly, we should be stopped; thirdly, conscription is coming as surely as to-morrow's dawn, and conscription itself will arm the workers. Our job is to show the Trade Unionists how they can use conscription. " This sounds reasonable enough, but while it is reasonable, it is nevertheless wrong. Its psychology is bad, for while it is practically certain that conscription is coming, it is equally certain that it will come on a wave of war-fever. It is becoming increasingly clear that the capitalists mean to engineer a war, a war that will not only be European, but will be world-wide, and which will probably occupy the greater part of the twentieth century. And there is nothing in the intelligence of the working classes upon which to rely as an antidote to the war-fever. They will, as in the past, be charmed by its distant romance; they will, as in the past, be hypnotised by the inspired effusions which will issue from the capitalistic Press; they will, again, as in the past, be hoodwinked by the foreign patriots into believing that the interests of a handful of cosmopolitan money-lenders are the interests of England. They will pour money out like water, and life too, and the few remnants of their liberties they will hand up to become conscripts in an army which is maintained for, and put in motion by, Jews and Germans. They will even rush to do it. England is a far too terribly miserable country to live in, for the charms of jingoism to be made light of. The feeling for the romance of war is a factor to be reckoned with, and the first party, capitalist or labour, which invokes it for its own service stands to win thereby. Not to take note of this psychological fact is, in the case of an active emancipationist, to be almost criminally unobservant. This is the situation. The capitalists mean to make a war; the emancipationists mean to make a war; the capitalists mean to make it now; the emancipationists mean to make it some time— " this year, next year, some time, never. " The more active emancipationists are relying upon a long-headedness in the working classes which does not exist, and which, in the nature of the case, cannot exist. Their hand-to-mouth existence translates itself into their attitude towards life in general, and when conscription is laid on them they will acquiesce in it with the docility they have shown in regard to everything else. Being serfs, they feel serfs, and cannot be expected to burst into sudden indignation when they are treated as such. Unless emancipationists are to make a mighty miscalculation, they will have to face this question of arms with imagination as well as with reason. They will have to find a place for both religion and romance in this war of the freeing of the slaves. Nothing save these two can rejuvenate a decayed people. Justice cannot do it, and truth cannot do it, but joy can, and joy comes from these two. Religion, which is belief in the destiny of the soul of man, can add dignity even to a slave, and he will stretch upward to reach it; and while religion acts as the lure to the goal, romance makes music and colour along the way. The prospect of a struggle breeds romance, and the more a Government sought to prevent the accumulation of arms for a Trade Union, the more joyous would that accumulation become. In short, the wage-slaves should even now be preparing, like the capitalists, for war, and those preparations should take the form, not of belated claims to contemptible rights, but of the guns and batteries of destruction. The Moralist's Dilemma. Mr. G. Bernard Shaw has been communicating to the Press his views on forcible feeding. Most people who have thought seriously on the subject will acquiesce readily in his conclusions. From a digest of his communication one can make half a dozen main points: He points out that forcible feeding is a disgusting business, which soils all who are connected with it; He points out that the dilemma in which Government is placed is unconnected with any question of criminal status, and is only confused by question thereof; That while a government is considered responsible for the provision of food for the persons it takes prisoners, it can not be held responsible for making any prisoner eat. Therefore, forcible feeding is not its province; it is a gratuitous undertaking of a repulsive and unnecessary office; That if a prisoner with food within her reach elects to starve, that is the prisoner's business, and the Government is not responsible; That, therefore, Mrs. Leigh and Miss Evans, since they have embarked on serious " crime, " and not mere " ructions, " if they will not eat during their merited imprisonment they must be allowed to die. This argument is as clear as daylight, and one might have expected it to rest there. Mr. Shaw would thus have provided Government with a clear course out of a difficult situation. But he does not stop there. In fact, after making it quite clear that the Government should take one course of procedure, he goes on to point out that they would be damned if they did so. Hence, if the Government overcomes a rebel by inflicting bodily violence on him, instinct recoils and declares the Government damned; and if Government allows rebellion to run its course and reap its natural consequences in death by starvation, they are equally damned. Therefore, whichever way Government moves in respect of the absolute rebel, according to Mr. Shaw, it puts itself in the wrong. There is, however, a third course which the Government might take, but which Mr. Shaw, in company with many others, rigidly vetoes, i.e., the setting free of the rebels. Let us grasp these three courses, any one of which lies open for the Government to take: (1) To feed the prisoners by force. (2) To let them die of starvation. (3) To set the criminals free. (The prisoners become criminals when there is talk of setting them free.) We have had advocates of each of these, as well as advocates of dodges to get round them. Mr. C. H. Norman, who, to our mind, grasps the essence of government more clearly than many others, declares bluntly for forcible-feeding. He appears to realise that at bottom government is no gentleman's job, and its executioners cannot be too 'mealy-mouthed in their dealings with resisters. Obviously, therefore, unless government is to nullify itself it must show itself, as long as life remains in its prey, powerful enough to counterfoil resistance. He also has a prescient understanding of certain foibles of human psychology. He knows that though the populace will allow the setting up of law, which of itself implies an executive to enforce that law, it is unreasonable enough to turn and rend the executants merely for carrying into effect that which it itself tacitly has set in motion. He realises that though the law would suggest that a prisoner who persisted in starving should be allowed to starve, it would not forgive the government or the member of the government which allowed it. Therefore, says Mr. Norman, if we are convinced of the worth of government, let us have the courage of our convictions and back up the unfortunate officials upon whom a repulsive but necessary duty devolves. We gather that Mr. Norman, if he believed in capital punishment, would feel that fastidious scruples regarding the office of hangsman would be as cowardly and as unreasonable as they would obviously be in regard to the office of judgeship. As readily, therefore, as one would mix in the society of judges one would move in the society of hangsmen. Believing in government, which is coercion, he believes in facing the coercionist business boldly. At least Mr. Norman's governmentalism is as clear of hypocrisy as his logic is clear of confusion. To quarrel with him one must quarrel with his belief in government. Miss Mary Gawthorpe, with whose petition we regret to say we disagree in almost every particular, to our mind seeks to evade the problem rather than to solve it. She would endeavour to persuade the Government to offer Mrs. Leigh a bribe in the shape of reduced sentence and " first-class treatment " in order to induce Mrs. Leigh to change her attitude. Miss Gawthorpe offers no solution for the Government's problem in such a case as that of certain Manchester prisoners, who entered prison with the fixed intention of refusing food, even though " first-class treatment " were granted. Miss Gawthorpe does not face the question. Moreover, we are convinced that the " purity and honesty of motive " attitude in this business has been in no small degree overdone. There is something painfully priggish about it. Purity of motive ought to go, like a woman's modesty, without any proclamation. Moreover, there is no case for its special establishment which would stand an hour's examination. The vast majority of women in our prisons is made up of young women who have gone out in search of life, and have been brutally caught up in the life-trap which gapes to trap them by virtue of all that is softest and most alluring for women. Their motive is pure enough. The least that a suffragist, in a society which is built up on a prostitution basis, of men as well as of women, can do, when faced by the knowledge that owing to kindlier fates she is not as one of these, is to be silent about purity of motive. But to return to the Government's dilemma. Mr. Shaw, like Mr. Norman, faces the issue. A personal fastidiousness apparently weighs with him, and is effectual in preventing any toleration of the physical assault solution. Like Mr. Norman, Mr. Shaw understands that the Government which lets Mrs. Leigh die of starvation will be ruined, yet this is the course he counsels. Conscious of a hitch in his own argument, he falls back on a consideration outside the question. The apparent paradox which sees the Government's damnation in its doing what it " ought " to do is to be explained, according to Mr. Shaw, in the light of the fact that there is something else which the Government might have done and did not do. It might have given the women votes. Like Miss Gawthorpe's special plea for favoured treatment, Mr. Shaw's demand for votes for women, which he uses to let the Government know that, although he says " Let them die of starvation, " he really means " Don't, " is nothing better than a dodging of the issue. It just chances that, almost without doubt in this case, a promise to give Mrs. Leigh the vote would induce her to take her food; but it is merely a chance. Suppose Mrs. Leigh were an anarchist and had dehed the Government in the same manner because she disapproved of government, what would Mr. Shaw have Government do then? Pass a self-denying ordinance nullifying itself? Yet only so would the rebel be satisfied. The question remains, in spite of Mr. Shaw's logic and clarity, exactly where it was, because Mr. Shaw has failed to take into account the immoral nature of government in its very essence. " The Rebel versus Government. " This opposition has existed since governments were elaborated; that is, since tyrannies and slaveries were elaborated. It will exist as long as the absence of balance—.which is, the absence of free conditions—rul.es in societies. As long as one group of men may govern, i.e., command and coerce, other men, so long will the opposition last. And the instinctive veneration, even of unfree ages, has gone with the rebel and never with the government. On the scaffold, on the rack, at the block, in the fires, and in the prisons, the rebels have perished, and the populace which has suffered their death has exalted these rebellious ones into the symbols of a free spirit which has been and which will be again. This explains the otherwise inexplicable paradox, i.e., why the timorous multitude, fearfully seeking protection and government, almost always allows the rebel to be done to death. The rebel is strange and terrible to them. He comes like the ghost of a murdered Self. They feel easier, as slaves, when he is put out of the way. But dead, the rebel lives. Alive, he was feared; dead, he is worshipped, and small mercy has the populace for the unhappy miscreant who has ministered to its fear, and in so doing has slain its holiest instincts. Which explains why Mr. Shaw, believing in government, truly says that, while the proper thing for government to do is to let rebels die, such a " letting " will, nevertheless, involve government's damnation—a contradiction for a moralist, surely. Now, if Mr. Shaw's cold logic can be enmeshed in a confusion like this, it is clear that arguments are being made on assumptions which steady reasoning reduces to absurdity. Many persons, and particularly women, will reply that they need not be reasonable: it is enough if they stand by their " intuitions. " It is certainly enough, must be enough, if we cannot do any better. But the intuition-faculty itself can easily be worked to absurdity. In fact, it offers itself as an ever-present excuse for loose thinking. We think that it would be fair to say this about intuitions: the intuitions (of honest people) are the conclusions arrived at by subconscious reason, which is able to make use of unobserved and unlabelled factors which exist subconsciously, but which have not yet sprung into the plane of the conscious. But intuitions demand solutions; with a well-exercised mind, they act as an irritant until they are attended to. The subconscious factor begins tapping at the doors of Mind, explaining to Intellect, which is the door-keeper in the House of Conscious Mind, who and what it is. " Oh, I see. Now you can come in and make yourself at home/' says Intellect, which has the dulled intelligence of the heavy-weight. And it is well Intellect is not too rapid, since not all which knocks at the door of Mind is Truth. There are cheats and swindles which prey on the soul—tempt the soul because it, too, is slow; its offspring but slowly swell in Time—and the cheat plays on its impatience, and is sent forth as a true child when it is only a parasite. Intellect has become so sceptical of these emissaries from the Soul that it has almost decided to take no notice of further tappings. " Let us make out with the ones we have already got inside, " he whispers in the ear of Mind. " We shall so at least be honest and keep cheats out. " Hence the present poverty-stricken household of Mind and Intellect, which makes observers perceiving call out, " Let us seek Soul again, " at which all the little cheats laugh and foregather. This is a digression, but it is meant to make clear that an intuition which persists and grows old as an intuition may well be questioned. As likely as not it is a cheat. A true intuition is an uneasy thing; a bee in the bonnet. So this intuition of the people which curses the officials who do the deed, even while it says that according to the wording of the case the deed should be done, has now ceased to be an intuition: was too uneasy to remain such; it has become a truth comprehended by the intellect. Intuitively the people have grasped the fact that all government, good or bad—whether it keeps within the rules of its game or not— is wicked. Government is our collective immorality. If, therefore, moralists have anything to say to government, it should be that it annuls itself; which is what it obviously will do, if it allows its methods of coercion to be evaded. For government is coercion, and nothing more. Hence the fit and proper " petition " for a moralist to sign would be one demanding that prisoners go free. What, prostitutes and thieves and debtors? Yes, empty the prisons of their entire population, which government calls criminals. But government has made them into criminals. Let it, as some small act of reparation, unmake them. Did not government exist to guard monopoly, there could be no criminals. Government manufactures them with every passing second. Take the new recipe for their making which is being put in force with wanderers and homeless. Police on night duty are armed with tickets, which they present to the wanderer. This he must accept and present himself with it at a registry-office, where he is duly registered. From thence he is sent to a casual ward or charity shelter until other accommodation is found; in return for which accommodation he must engage in " some healthy occupation " —stone-breaking and oakum-picking being among those suggested. " Those who do not use the* tickets are to incur the risk of being arrested under the Vagrancy Act. "  " Need we say more? " asks the Eye-Witness. We, for our purposes here, need not. This illustration serves our purpose, which is to show how government makes criminals. But prostitutes and thieves? Should these go free? Did not government guard monopoly, the money-monopoly and the mar-riage-monoply, women who need love would not be driven to seek prostitution. The desire for love is, surely, a motive sufficiently " pure. " But thieves? Did not government protect the arch-thieves, the petty thieves would not exist. But criminals of passion and cruelty? Did not government guard a state of society which renders a spiritual religion impossible, morality would do all that can be done to restrain such offenders. If morality cannot enforce restraint, certainly government cannot. Prisons are swollen, asylums are crowded, workhouses teem, and yet government governs more feverishly than ever before. And suffragists? Even suffragists, though their motive, the desire to share in government, to take a hand at coercion, is the least " pure " of any, these also should go free. Their motives can be forgiven because of their great spirit. They have pitted themselves against the force which has sought through the ages to crush all the vindicators of individual freedom. They have balanced the weight of a single spirit against the sum-total of the weapons of material coercion, and by the strength' of their spirit they win or lose here and now. The more the situation created by the Real Militants among the suffragists develops, the more plainly ironical it becomes. The measures they are taking to win the power to vote, are such as to tear down the veil which has for so long hidden the-iniquity of voting and what it implies from the common man. Mrs. Leigh, the warrior who will' have the vote, and that at any price, herself has forced a situation upon which daylight will only break when men have understood that to have a: vote is to offend against spiritual law. By the time^ Mrs. Leigh gets a vote, honest men and women will, be refusing to be mixed up in the offence. For it is to be noted that governors since they let out voting rights to the populace have thrown off moral responsibility. Before the discovery of this happy-device, the governors, who were recognised as-tyrants had to behave somewhat seemlily. Now, governors' tyranny is worse in the exact degree that they can shift the burden upon the shoulders of the people. For do they not govern " by consent of the governed "? Votes for the people, indeed, have secured the situation for the governors. For the sake of the vote the people have bartered their powers to govern themselves, and likewise their powers to quarrel with the situation. Hence, it follows naturally that the only persons in this unhappy community who are showing any signs of possessing memories of the spirit of freedom are the persons who have received no votes, and who-therefore have retained something of the instinct to govern themselves. And these are spilling out their lives, spending the force which is bred of freedom, in order to be permitted to abrogate their at least nominal right to self-government, and to lend their countenance to the system of coercion—government—the tender mercies of which they are even now sampling. "It is a mad world, my masters." THE FREEWOMAN NOTICES and TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor should be addressed: 9, John Street, Adelphi, London, W.C. Telegrams to address below. PUBLICATION All business communications relative to the publication of THE FREEWOMAN should be addressed, and all cheques postal and money orders, etc., made payable to the Publishers, STEPHEN SWIFT andCO.. LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telegrams to " Lumenifer, London. " Terms of Subscription:—Yearly, 14s.; Six Months, 7s. $ Three Months, 3s. 6d.; to any address in the Postal Union! ADVERTISEMENTS All orders, letters, etc., concerning advertisements should he addressed to the Manager, THE FREE WOMAN 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Marriage.* MR. WELLS' mannerisms are more infuriating than ever in "Marriage." One knows at once that Marjorie is speaking in a crisis of wedded chastity when she says at regular intervals, " Oh, my dear! . . . Oh, my dear! " or at moments of ecstasy, " Oh, my dear! My dear I " For Mr. Wells' heroines who are loving under legal difficulties say My man! " or " Master! " Of course, he is the Old Maid among novelists; even the sex obsession that lay clotted on " Ann Veronica " and " The New Machiavelli " hke cold white sauce was merely Old Maids' mania, the reaction towards the flesh of a mind too long absorbed in airships and colloids. The Cranford-iike charm of his slow, spinsterish gossip made " Kipps " the delightful book it was; but it palls when, page after page, and chapter after chapter, one is told how to furnish a house. . . . And then there is Mr. Wells' habit of spluttering at his enemies. He splutters less in " Marriage " than in " The New Machiavelli, " but in the hospital atmosphere of the latter, where a soul-sick man drugged himself with the ether of sex, it seemed less offensive than in this purer, brighter air. Altiora Bailey reappears as Aunt Plessington, and makes a speech that would be perfect but for its omission of the phrase, " the morass of destitution. " There is a devilishly realistic picture of the English humorist whose parodies have drawn tears from the sentient part of the nation for the last twenty years. It is great fun, but at times it is ill-mannered. It offends one beyond measure in the last impressive pages of the book. Trafford has withdrawn from busy, sterile London, where he sold his scientific genius to buy pretty things for his wife, and now knows himself to be a commercial prostitute, and has sought the clean snows of Labrador. There, he thinks, he can clear his mind of the lies of civilisation and begin to seek God. Sickness strips him of all fear and deceit, so that he communes with God. Wonderingly he finds out what Life is " .... Something trying to exist, which isn't substance, doesn't belong to space or time, something stifled and enclosed, struggling to get through. Just confused birth-cries, eyes that can hardly see, deaf ears, poor little thrusting hands. A thing altogether blind at first, a twitching and thrusting of protoplasm under the waters, and then the plants creeping up the beaches, the insects and reptiles on the margins of the rivers, beasts with a flicker of light in their eyes answering the sun. And at last, out of the long inter-play of desire and fear, an ape, an ape that stared and wondered, and scratched queer pictures on a bone. . . . " In the midst of this ecstatic perception of Life he stops to define Mr. Pethick Lawrence. " A Gawdsaker? . . . Oh, haven't you heard that before? He's the person who gets excited by any deliberate discussion and gets up wringing his hands and screaming, ' For Gawd's sake, let's do something now!' I think they used it first for Pethick Lawrence, the man who did so much to run the old militant Suffragettes, and burke the proper discussion of woman's future. " It is good, but not worth while interrupting a triumphant meditation over the disordered earth. It is really a matter of good manners. This Trafford had fallen a victim to a parasitic woman; he had laid his very soul on the altar of Our Lady of Loot. An aeroplane accident dropped him on to the lawn of a Kentish vicarage, in which was staying Marjorie Pope, a beautiful girl of twenty. At that age, when the fine body should * "Marriage." By H. g. Wells. (Macmillan, 6s.) have been protected by a vitality that bared its teeth at weakness and ugliness in fierce fastidiousness, she was seriously thinking of marrying Will Magnet, the humorist, " a fairish man of forty, pale, with a large protuberant, observant grey eye—I speak particularly of the left—and a face of quiet animation wanly alert for the wit's opportunity. " But she was willing to do it, her life being governed by gluttony and laziness. . . . " After Oxbridge, unless she was prepared to face a very serious row indeed, and go to teach in a school—and she didn't feel any call whatever to teach in a school; she had an invincible objection to work of any kind—she would probably have to return to Hartstone Square and share Daffy's room again and assist in the old, wearisome task of propitiating her father..... Marriage was escape from all that; it meant not only respectful parents, but a house of her very own, furniture of her choice—that was the real attraction to Marjorie—great freedom of movement, an authority, an importance. " For the sake of sideboards and prestige she was willing to give herself to a fool, and transmit folly to her children. . . . And the really fine and encouraging thing about the book is that Mr. Wells sees that Marjorie is a thorough scoundrel. The horror of it is that, confused by her clear eyes and copper hair, he accepts her sooundrelism as the normal condition of women. Something, probably Trafford's clean physical vigour, overcame her natural carelessness of destiny, that cold sensuality that made her think of her body as a thing to barter for sideboards. So she eloped with him, and henceforth mastered his life and beggared it. She wanted " things " —old Dutch clocks and wonderful dinner-dresses and Chippendale chairs. And she claimed them from him because she was his wife and the mother of his child. There is something sinister about a figure such as the great Christ who hangs on the cross athwart the Catholic Cathedral at Westminster. The blood about His brow, the distortion of His mouth, the tension of the body, the changeless attitude of pain, convey at last the sense of an eternal hunger. The lights of a thousand candles, all the incense of the pious, the daily worship of millions, have whetted Him to the remorseless acceptance of the lives of men and the reason of nations. Not till the roof of the world falls in will that hunger cease from feeding on the hearts of men; and then, amid the dust of the universe, one can imagine a God impatiently making a new world of worshippers. Perhaps it is because of this harsh lien on the world's love and sympathy that blasphemy is the one crime that all men commit before they die. And women have taken for themselves the right to claim worship, by virtue of the suffering through which they pass to bring men into the world— although a casual glance at the worshippers might show them that they had done it carelessly and without exelusiveness—and of the beauty of their lives. There is no end to their hunger. They send men they do not know into the snowy wastes to trap silver foxes, and set the men they do know working at barren, profitable commercial muddles to buy the pelts. For in particular they demand material, inessential things. And they get them; but also they get hatred and curses that are the inevitable offerings to divinity. Trafford had a genius for scientific research. " I want research, " he moaned when delirium overtook him in Labrador, " and that still, silent room of mine again, that room, as quiet as a cell, and the toil that led to light. Oh! the coming of that light, the uprush of discovery, the solemn joy as the generalisation rises like a sun upon the facts—floods them with a common meaning. That is what I want. That is what I have always wanted. . . . " Marjorie began his attack on his soul by disliking his work and putting a background of domestic dis-peace to the splendid foreground of his laboratory. " He went home about half-past five, and found a white-faced, red-eyed Marjorie, still dressed, wrapped in a travelling-rug, and crumpled and asleep in his study armchair beside the grey ashes of an extinct fire. . . . ' Oh, where have you been? ' she asked almost querulously. ' Where have you been? ' ' But, my dear!' he said, as one might speak to a child, ' why aren't you in bed? It's just dawn.' ' Oh,' she said, ' I waited and waited. It seemed you must come. I read a book. And then I fell asleep.' And then, with a sob of feeble self-pity, ' And here I am!' She rubbed the back of her hand into one eye and shivered. ' I'm cold,' she said, ' and I want some tea.' " That repulsive desire for tea is a masterly touch. It reminds one of the disgust one felt as a healthy schoolgirl when one saw the schoolmistresses drinking tea at lunch at half-past eleven. It brings home to one poignantly how disgusting the artificial physical weakness of women, born of loafing about the house with only a flabby mind for company, must be to an ordinary, vigorous man. A little later he discovered that to furnish her house daintily with Bokhara hangings and brass-footed work-boxes she has spent every penny of his income of six hundred and frittered away a thousand of his capital. She avoids discussion by having a baby in a sentimental and rather pretentious way. Although she knows that his work is being cut out of his life as one might cut a living man's heart out of his breast, and that its place is being taken by popular lectures to the scientifically-minded of Pinner and such parts, she continues to ruin him by buying post-impressionist pictures and hoarding up hills. Finally she breaks his spirit by having another baby. So he drops research and takes up the manufacture of synthetic rubber. For nine years he runs this business and plays tedious games with rubber Shares, while .Marjorie lets herself go with the price of his perdition in a great, beautiful house filled with the creations of genius and silly, chattering people. " Look at this room, " cries Trafford in despair, " this litter of little satisfactions! Look at your pretty books there, a hundred minds you have pecked at, bright things of the spirit that attracted you as jewels attract a jackdaw. Look at the glass and silver, and that silk from China! " He suddenly rebels. He takes Marjorie away to the heights of Labrador, where, between combats with lynxes and wolverines, sickness and famine, they brood on Life. Marjorie, somewhat impertinently, uses her own worthlessness into the basis of a generalisation as to the worthlessness of all women. " What are we women—half-savages, half-pets, unemployed things of greed and desire—and suddenly we want all the rights and respects of souls! .... I've begun to see what it is to be a woman.....We're the responsible sex. And we've forgotten it. We think we've done a wonder if we've borne men into the world and smiled a little, but indeed we've got to bear them all our lives. ... A woman has to be steadier than a man and more self-sacrificing than a man, because when she plunges she does more harm than a man. . . . And what does she achieve if she does plunge? Nothing—nothing worth counting. Dresses and carpets and hangings and pretty arrangements, excitement and satisfaction and competitions and more excitements. We can't do things. We don't bring things off! And you, you Monster! you Dream you want to stick your hand out of all that is and make something that isn't begin to be! That's the man! " Trafford confirms her suspicions. " You're a finer individual than me. . . . You're more beautiful by far than I, a woman for my man. You've a keener appetite for things, a firmer grip on the substance of life. I love to see you do things, love to see you move, love to watch your hands; you've cleverer hands than mine by far. . . . And yet—I'm a deeper and bigger thing than you. I reach up to something you don't reach up to. . . . You're in life—and I'm a little out of it. I'm like one of those fish that begin to be amphibian. I go out into something where you don't follow—where you hardly begin to follow. ... " , So they go home in a very good temper. And Mr. Wells agrees with them. That is the terrible thing, for there is no author who has a more religious faith; nor one who speaks his gospel with such a tongue of flame. His first sin lies in pretending that Marjorie, that fair, fleshy being who at forty would look rather like a cow—and the resemblance would have a spiritual significance—is the normal woman; and the second lies in his remedy, which Marjorie discovers in a period of spiritual turmoil brought on by debt. " A woman gives herself to a man out of love, and remains clinging parasiti-cally to him out of necessity. Was there no way of evading that necessity? " she meditates sentimentally. Suppose the community kept all its women, suppose all property in homes and furnishings and children vested in them. . . . Then every woman would be a princess to the man she loved. " The cheek of it! The mind reels at the thought of the community being taxed to allow Marjorie, who could steal her lover's money and barter the brightness of his soul for brass-footed workboxes, to perpetuate her cowlike kind. I can see myself as the one rebel in this humourless State going forth night after night to-break the windows of the barracks or Yoshiwara where Marjorie was kept in fat ease, and going to prison month after month until- But " all women! "  " Suppose the community kept all its women. . . . " Heavens, I shall be inside too! I object to living under the same roof as Marjorie. I wonder about the women who never come " across any man who was worth loving (and next time Mr. Wells travels in the tube he might look round and consider how hopelessly unlovable most of his male fellow-passengers are), who are not responsive to the lure of Dutch clocks, and forget, as most people do, the colour of the dining-room wallpaper, who, being intelligent, can design a becoming dress in five minutes and need think no more about it. I wonder how they will spend the time. Bridge-parties, I suppose, and possibly State-facilitated euthanasia. . . . Let Mr. Wells and any other man who loathes the daughter of the horse-leech reflect a minute: " What would happen to Marjorie if she had to fend for herself? " That is a very important reason why women should be made to work. Under present conditions Marjorie is a handsomely subsidised young woman. For she is to many the typical wife and mother, since she has not her more sensitive sister's objection to the monotony and squalor of domestic drudgery that men have thrust on the wife and mother. But supposing she had to work. How long could she stand it? The weaker sort of Marjorie would be sucked down to prostitution and death, the stronger sort of Marjorie would develop qualities of decency and courage and ferocity, It is worth trying. Not only because men ought to be protected from the monstrous demands of Our Lady of Loot, but because women ought to have a chance of being sifted clean through the sieve of work. Rebecca West. The Philo-Thespians. THE most pressing need of the moment in art, drama, and literature is intelligence—not intellect. There are four symbols of human thought and action, the Circle (Life), the Pyramid (Death), the Pyramid within the Circle (Death tyrannising Life), and the Circle within the Pyramid (Death exterminating Life). The Circle within the Pyramid is the symbol of the present new age, and its full interpretation has yet to come. An illustration of this figure may be found in that purely local movement known as the Repertory Theatre Movement. This movement is now .being surveyed by Mr. Frederick Whelan from the crow's nest afforded by the Daily Chronicle. Mr. Whelan is a great believer in the future of the movement. To him it represents a live expansive movement, whence will spring the vital drama, the ^vital theatre, served by equally vital intelligences. He feels that the future of the writer's theatre is assured. For Mr. Whelan the earth, in fact, abounds with pregnant possibilities of what I will call philo-thespianism. " Nothing can now stay the progress of the repertory theatre, " he jexclaims. Alas! Mr. Whelan is looking through the wrong end of the telescope. Assuming that Mr. Whelan were equipped to look through the right end of the telescope, what would he see? I say assuming advisedly, for Mr. Whelan is at best but a capable business man who, like other capable business men, has his own reasons for dabbling in the theatre business. As a business man he has seen and planned on business lines. One feels that if only Mr. Whelan had been an artist as well as a business man things would be different. Then he would have had a relative value to the vital circle necessary to express the will of the theatre—the author, director, actor, decorator, and so forth—as well as a comprehension of their individual values. And then, looking through the right end of the telescope, he would have seen the sign, " Let there be Light-not Words! " With this vision before him I can imagine Mr. Whelan rewriting his articles as follows:— " Now that my sight is fresh, I can see the repertory movement with new eyes out of a great and vital purpose. Historically, it is represented by three symbols. The first is an unfettered sweeping circle. This circle is a picture of the Commedia dell' Arte. The name was given to a group of creative players who broke away from the dead .formalism of the Italian theatre of the sixteenth century, and succeeded in giving the drama a new expression through freedom, creativeness, and: spontaneity. These actors were so intelligent that given a creative scenario they could fill in its general design while communicating themselves ¦'individually to the spectator. They created their own form of expression instead of swallowing a foreign body and ejecting it over shocked audiences', as is now the case. Here was a group which appealed to the intelligence, and which gave birth to the greatest repertory movement. I see now that revolution is the great thing. To most reformers revolution is devolution in disguise. The years creep on apace, and these vagrant revolutionists invade all Europe, firing many a creative group as they go. They come to Elizabethan England, where players learn from them what it is to be free to see and do what they like. At this point the second symbol becomes apparent. Keeping step with the march of time, many English comedians wander to the German Royal Courts, where they encounter the brain with a maggot. The creative intelligence falls into the hands of culture, the free players sell their birthright for a mess of old conventions. The Pyramid invades the Circle of Intelligence, which, receding, leaves the drugged players clinging to the tomb of the past, and babbling in dead tongues. Thus is founded the endowed theatre in Germany. And thus the free light of the theatre is coloured by the royal effigies, whose motto is, " There is one thing better than eternal creation, and that is tradition, out of which artistic death takes its rise." The character and meaning of the third symbol is now apparent. The endowed theatre system begins to spread, and during a long period of time culture is seen adulterating the purity of the creative artist, who gradually passes under its supreme control. Once the circle of adulteration has passed within the pyramid, it begins to contract. So I arrive at the modern repertory movement as it sweeps through Germany, and is touched in turn by Schiller, Goethe, the Saxe-Meiningen Court Company, the Endowed Theatre—Court, State, Municipal, People's, and Private—by Ibsen, Brahm, the Freie-Buhne and Max Reinhardt— sweeps on adopting many and varied reforms, naturalistic, realistic, symbolic, the ensemble, cultured speech and acting, but throughout maintaining its claim to be literary and moral. Next, I watch the repertory movement emigrating from Germany to England. The Freie-Buhne (Stage Society) movement having infected one or two able minds reappears first in the form of Mr. J. T. Grein's Independent Theatre; next as our own blessed Stage Society, fathered by myself. The infection spreads, and with it arises a theatrical reform movement deeply stamped with " The Example of Germany. " Crude imitations and parallel stupid revivals of old forms appear on all sides. The latter are seen in Village Drama, Morality Play, Pageant Play, Folk Song and Dance movements, while the former are embodied in the Court Theatre and the general repertory theatre movement. In the latter I see nothing but the contracting circle, imitations of the German cultural movement, the search for the classic, literary and moral drama, the mechanical reform of speech and of acting in the ensemble and crowds. In all this there is nothing living, vital, or spontaneous; only a whisper from the dead. " Here the imaginary Mr. Whelan breaks off in a dead swoon produced by the above-mentioned appalling discovery, and I accompany the real Mr. Whelan on his round of self-imposed inspection. Inspector Whelan proceeds in turn from repertory theatre to theatre, from* the Independent, Stage Society and Court theatres to their provincial offshoots. Everywhere he reveals a glorified stock theatre titillated with the old ideas coming from Germany. The theatre itself retains its obsolete form, and since the new authors are expected to adapt themselves to this form, there are, of course, no new authors. On pointing out this obvious picture to Inspector Whelan, his ready reply is, I want a writer's theatre, a theatre that shall be a continual fountain of words, words, words. I have indeed formed a syndicate of writers, most of whom have drunk deeply at the cesspool of society and drained it. These writers, you will notice, are in possession of every repertory theatre. Let me parade some of them for your inspection. Here they are: G. B. Shaw, Granville Barker, John Galsworthy, J. M. Barrie, Arnold Bennett, John Masefield, Arthur Pinero, and the well-known foreign contributors. Beyond these there are the local potential Shaws, Barkers, and Barries, springing into existence with a view to providing local colour according to the cast-iron rules of their centres. As we proceeded he showed me the tyranny upon which each theatre is founded. At Manchester Repertory Theatre it is " the finest writing of the best authors of all ages, " —a demand for British writers who have " something to say. " At Dublin, the Westminster of the Repertory movement, the drama is being entombed in the Abbey Theatre by intellectualism. At the Glasgow Citizen's Theatre it is a desire to produce " plays national in character, written by Scottish men and women of letters? And everywhere we went, in the face of these glaring contradictions, Inspector Whelan reported progress. Obviously, Mr. Whelan is viewing a delayed fallacy disguised as advance. The repertory theatre is not progressing, simply because it lacks freedom. All concerned in it, from founder to call-boy, are slaves. They are people who are not free from traditions, or the drill-master. Before there can be advance there must be a complete break from the present intellectual attitude. New and living circles of intelligence, where actions are based on individual freedom, must be formed. The only means to this end is revolution, not imitation. When the true revolutionist appears Mr. Whelan will cease to spill columns of twaddle, and the sign of the " progressive " theatre will undergo a wonderful transformation. At present it is a pyramid at whose three points stand Messrs. Shaw, Barker, and Whelan, with drawn swords. They are guarding the tiny atrophied spot in the centre, thus mistaking the target of stupidity for that of intelligence. Huntly Carter. The Working Women's College. IT is to be hoped that the readers of THE free-woman are now aware of one of the most interesting projects of recent times, a project which will very shortly materialise into actuality. The proposed Working Women's College is best described in the words of its hon. organiser, Mrs. Bridges Adams, to whose zeal and capability its inception is owing. It is to be a college " which, as in the case of the men's college (i.e., the Central Labour College), will have an atmosphere frankly partial to the standpoint of the most militant section of the Trade Union movement. " The latest advertisement concerning the college tells us, in addition, that it will be founded on " frankly Socialist lines, in connection with the Central Labour College, " and that its objects will be fourfold. I propose to deal with those objects in detail, but for the moment I will turn to the Central Labour College for men. Even in the Labour and Socialist world, large numbers of people are still ignorant with regard to the Central Labour College—its location, its origin, its purpose—and to these people some information will be, perhaps, useful. It will, no doubt, be known that the Central Labour College, at 13, Penywern Road, Earl's Court, is an institution founded in 1909 with a view to providing a genuine Workers' College, a work which Ruskm College, Oxford, had proposed to undertake. Into the details of the story of the betrayal of the workers by Ruskin College it is impossible, and needless, here to enter; suffice it to say that the worker-students of Ruskin College, in course of time, discovered that this " Labour " College was only a pretext for presenting partisan capitalist views by its teaching, and that the control and management of the college were undemocratic. Ultimately the students went on strike, and, failing to get their demands satisfied, a large majority of them broke off all connection with Ruskin College, and, supported by Mr. Dennis Hird, the dismissed principal, and others, set on foot the movement that resulted, at the close of 1909, in the formation of the Central Labour College. The college " is founded to train men and women for the industrial, political, and social work of the organised Labour movement, under the supreme control of the Labour organisations in the United Kingdom, and to assist in the establishment of similar institutions elsewhere, " and its control is as genuinely control by the workers as its objects are for their interests. I quote from the standing orders the following: " The Board of Management of the Central Labour College shall consist of directly elected representatives of Trades Unions, Socialist and Co-operative Societies providing funds for scholarships, the Warden of the College, one resident student, and one ex-student. " At present there are representatives of both the South Wales Miners' Federation and the Amalgamated Society of Railway Servants on the Board of Management and Board of Trustees, and it is the Trade Unions who completely control the management, through their representatives. The Warden is appointed by the Board of Management (here again we see the further extended control by the Unions), and is responsible to it, as are also the lecturers. The college course normally consists of one year's residence, but it is possible to enter for a shorter period, as also to extend the course to a period of two or even three years. The cost of residence, covering board, lodging, and education, is £52 for the college year, the monies being raised from Trade Union funds, in some cases supplemented from the students' own private resources. Courses are given in economics, history, sociology, logic, rhetoric, evolution, etc., and, though there is an honourable effort made to present " the other side " in the questions handled, and to give a fair and accurate statement of facts, no secret whatever is made of the fact that the college exists for the " diffusion of ideas most likely to assist the Labour movement generally. " In addition to the residential courses, the Central Labour College has a correspondence department, and also provides lecturers to hold local classes in different parts of the country. I have briefly sketched the organisation and work of the Central Labour College because this will be, to a large extent, the model for the new Working Women's College, and in so far as the basis and objects of the Central Labour College meet with approval, so must the Women's College. The latter is to be in close co-operation with the Central Labour College; the financial basis will be similar. For funds, an appeal will be made to sympathisers and to the Trade Unions, especially those in which women are organised. The controlling body will be, at the beginning, a provisional committee responsible to the Central Labour College Board of Management; ultimately, the Provisional Committee shall give place to a Board of Management, representing the Trade Unions and Socialist organisations directly. The warden and lecturers will be appointed by the Provisional Committee. The college fees and courses will be very similar to those of the men's side, and the staff of the men's side will take a part in the work of lecturing. There will, obviously, be differences. A woman's college must, and should, have its own distinctive features, and, since this will not be after the pattern of the " older Universities, " it will be saved the necessity of aping in slavish fashion every feature from its brother. But, before I speak of its special characteristics, I should like to point out that, in its general principles, here is a movement which must assuredly win the support of every sincere person who is seeking to help the cause of the workers. For this experiment, if it fulfils its aims, will give to some, at least, of the workers a chance of obtaining valuable knowledge of the conditions of industry, of the causes which have produced such conditions, and of the possible means of dealing with them. When once the workers can grasp the facts that their conditions are not inevitable, that much of the present-day system is of comparatively modern growth, that in the past men have found successful methods of fighting and displacing tyranny, that there are good and bad modes of conducting revolutions—in other words, if they will learn some of the lessons of history and economics and sociology—they will be in an infinitely better position to wage their own warfare, whatever form that " warfare " may take. Some may object that " book-learning " will not do much to help the workers, but this is surely a mistaken idea. The intelligent grasp of facts—in other words, the getting of wisdom—may be partially gained from books; not, of course, by substituting books for life, but by supplementing life-experience (which the students of the Working Women's College will have before they enter) by books. Moreover, it must be kept in mind that the fundamental object of the college is to equip the students for the industrial struggle against capitalism (let us put aside once and for all the vain notion that there is " no such thing as a class-war " ), or, in the excellent wording of the advertisement which has appeared in the Press, " to train, in a co-educational working-class college, under Trade Unionist and Socialist control, an organised body of militant working women, combining confidence in themselves with an intelligent knowledge of their position as workers, who will, by constructive educational work, increase working-class discontent, and help to organise that discontent under the banner of organised labour. " The workers must, temporarily, at any rate, be able to estimate the nature of the weapons of the so-called " educated classes. " But the Working Women's College can do more than that; it can show something of what genuine " education " might and should mean, namely, development of the power of the individual to exercise his own abilities—of small or great extent, as the case may be. Another of the objects set forth in the programme of the college is as follows: " To meet the serious deficiency of trained working women as propagandists, as representatives on public bodies, and as members of management committees of the Trade Unions in which women are organised. " The excellence of this object is self-evident, and it is one with which anti-suffragists might sympathise every bit as much as the most ardent Suffragette. The objection has, over and over again, been raised that women are not, so far, at any rate, fitted for public life or for work on public bodies through lack of knowledge. Very well, then, let the necessary equipment, similar to that given to men intended for the like work, be given, and it can be judged how far, if at all, woman is fit. She is filling many public positions at the present moment, and we who are concerned with the interests of the workers want to see those workers themselves taking equal place with the comfortable classes on public bodies. And why should we neglect the added force and power which the cause of Labour might gain from trained women, knowing intimately and thoroughly their own conditions and all their material surroundings, knowing also the best means to persuade and convince audiences, to carry out a train of logical reasoning, to trace cause and effect, to grasp comprehensively, and make others grasp the big issue? I hope, therefore, to make it clear that, on general grounds, the college for the women workers (I must admit that I am not satisfied with the proposed title; " working women " connotes one special thing, and narrows too greatly the scope of the new experiment, so I should like to suggest as substitute " Women Workers' College " ) is absolutely desirable, and, more than that, vital for the Labour movement if it is to reach to full development. As I have already said, this women's college, though so closely akin to the men's college—indeed, each is but an aspect of the other—will have its own special characteristics. If we turn to the fourth object, as set forth in the programme, we read: — " Object 4.—To provide a link between the Labour movement and the most forward spirit of all classes in the Feminist movement. " If the Working Women's College can do this, in the right sense of the words, then it will, truly, fulfil a very large purpose and be of the greatest value to the Feminist movement. Everyone who can see clearly knows that the Feminist movement—at any rate, that aspect of it known as the suffrage movement—in this country has become futile and foolish because it has been in the main a movement of a small section, and a comparatively unimportant one, the section of the comfortably off middle class, divorced from the things that matter. It is these people who will learn wisdom if they can be brought to learn with and from the workers, and in their turn they can give assistance through their financial position to the Labour movement. Besides, we may no longer endure this absurd division between the " educated " woman of one social sphere and the supposedly less educated in another. If the woman worker of any grade or kind is in earnest about the " emancipation " of the workers she will join hands with all who labour for that end, and will be glad and willing to get an opportunity so to do. This opportunity the new women's college will afford, by supplying facilities for women who can pay their own fees to enter as day students or evening students—or, if accommodation be sufficient, as residential students on exactly the same conditions as the others—unless, of course, some Labour or Socialist organisation desires to pay their fees. Yet another distinctive feature of the new college will be the attempt to develop the social side. Not only shall one department of life be recognised, but it shall be a large and important part of the college course to give the students pleasure, entertainment, and, as far as possible, delightful surroundings in which to live. It may be said that a large claim is made in this article on behalf of the new scheme; that a year, or even three years, is a mere bagatelle of time in which scarcely anything can be essayed. I venture to differ. I believe that those who come to the college will be the fine souls, capable, full of power and enthusiasm, who will achieve things perhaps impossible to those of lesser calibre. The Central Labour College is doing a very wonderful work, often hampered by lack of funds and other difficulties. Why should it be doubted that the women workers will rise to the same level? But, let it be clearly understood, money is essential to the beginning of this enterprise, and it behoves all who have belief in the value of the experiment to give, as far as lies in their power, support of every kind. For further information please address, Mrs. Bridges Adams, 64, Prince of Wales Mansions, Battersea Park, S.W. B. L. The New Order. SERIES II. IV.—THE NEW RELIGION: COSMIC HARMONY IN HUMAN CONDUCT. I.— " New Maids for Old: Free Women in Marriage and Out. " II.—The New Education: Free Initiative and Life-long Culture. Ill— " The New Hygiene: Natural Health versus Economic Wealth. " N.B.—The New Order, Series I. and II, can now be obtained in the form of id. Tracts. I.—What is Religion? WORDS, spoken or written, are but the artists' colours wherewith our thought pictures are presented to the mental eye of our fellows. Hence all constructive thinkers are lords of the words they use, and yet they must deeply consider how best to interpret new ideas to other minds by a skilful blending of words new and old, and by reasoned explanation when using such words as have been the source of disputation, misunderstanding, or abuse in our own or former times. The word Religion is emphatically one of these, and it is, therefore, essential to establish the interpretation here put upon it before seeking to develop, in their relation to the New Order, the conclusions appropriate to this aspect of life. By religion is here meant that functioning of the higher faculties in which intuition becomes blended, on the one side, with scientific analysis, and, on the other, with philosophical synthesis; or, in the words of the plain man, feeling and thought are reconciled and held in perfect balance. It is a significant fact that, among all founders of the great world religions, without exception, this blend of faculty is found. They all transcend the dividing lines drawn by theologians and scientists, artists and practical men, moralists and metaphysicians, and so on. Their eye embraces the Universe, and man only in relation to that great whole. The poets and seers of all lands and times—wherever found, whether at the plough or in the pulpit—maintain this tradition, and cherish this higher functioning above all other aims. They are, therefore, generally found to be the forerunners of the New Order, and to the extent that they have been so, they have been characteristically at variance with the old. II.—The Cosmic Sense in Daily Life. Aiming at the solution of the social problem, previous tracts have dwelt upon various practical phases of life from the standpoint of the actionist It remains to emphasise, in concluding this series, the deep and indissoluble connection between such action as has been outlined, and the religious or cosmic sense from which its inspirations are derived. The task of establishing true relations with others and with the elements—evidently likewise with themselves so far as they are in the conscious stage —impels the enactors of the New Order constantly to test their conduct by the sacred principle of freedom, which is the master-key to their position— freedom, that is, from forced contact with their fellows, from irksome and unnecessary toil, from painful conflicts with Nature or with their inmost selves. There are many world-versions of this great theme. " Call no man your master upon earth, "  " Consider the lilies of the held, how they grow " -— these two are culled from the teachings of Christ. " From the prince celestial to the son of the people, the government of the self is the base, " so runs the Confucian Catechism. " To thine own self be true, and it must follow, as the night the day, thou canst not then be false to any man " (Shakespeare). Having faced the inexorable truth that the free starting-point, if realised, must imply the right to live in conditions and environments wherein not only subsistence but also development is open alike to all, it becomes the aim of the free organisers to make towards this ideal with the least possible delay. Setting aside for the moment the question whether this be practically attainable, the challenge may here be thrown out: Can there be anything more religious in conception than this spirit or tendency? Can any lesser criterion of duty to our neighbour or to Nature satisfy the awakened soul of to-day? Once an honest NO be given to this query, it is seen at once, as by a search-light, that the old order which encumbers us nowadays, with its perpetual interferences with freedom, its dominant minorities, its gangs of disciplined and disinherited toilers, is in violent conflict with this insistent idea. In this great world-struggle, which must win, the new religious ideal or the old economic error? AH who respond to the cosmic harmony of the new religion have ceased to doubt the issue; in face of every material and human obstacle, like Galileo of old, they still maintain that they " feel it moves nevertheless. " The inevitable connection between property—in the wider sense of monopoly—treasure laid up on earth, as Christ phrased it, or, as the lawyers style it, that which can be secured by law to oneself and one's " heirs and assigns forever, " on the one hand, and the enslavement of one's fellows, on the other, has been clearly seen by the great religious teachers in all lands. Dimly the recognition of its truth is dawning amid storm and conflict in the workers' world to-day. The step out of monopoly into the world of free and harmonious social use may be hard, it may be long, but it has to be taken, for it is the step from death into life. The long struggle of the idea against the old forms was in the mind of Christ when He said, " I came not to bring peace on earth but the sword " —yet this sword, then as now, was the sword of truth and reality, not forged of steel. " My Kingdom is not of this world, else would my servants fight. " The outstanding feature of our ruling social system to-day is that the primary occupations of intelligent civilised life take the form of scarcifying human supplies, intellectual no less than material, in the supposed interest of human needs! To such a pitch have we come in this respect that the brightest and most observant economic writers of the hour take a pride in pointing out that more expense and trouble is incurred nowadays in " holding up the market " to obtain the price desired than in all the processes of production put together. Yet the air is full of the vain murmurs of custom-ridden apologists of the status quo, and even so-called reform literature teams with what Matthew Arnold called— " The barren optimistic sophistries Of comfortable moles, whom what they do Serves as the limit for the good and true— And for such doing they require not eyes. " Vainly, indeed, in the ears of the free organisers, accustomed as they are to the sound of the wider oosmic harmony, do these apostles of the old order fervently reiterate that the Church has nothing whatever to do with politics, that religion and economics belong to different compartments of the mind, that the love of your neighbour brings upon you no concern whatever as to the price of bread or the working hours of wage-slaves. The oncoming torrent of the new spiritual life-force is breaking down their artificial barriers. The keen intellectual analysis of the cosmic sense persists in restating human values in the new religious terms, pointing out that so long as the social system depends upon making things scarce by the twin monopolies of land and capital, so long will prices, rents, and profits continue merely to ring the changes between the ever-varying groups of monopoly-holders, always reacting against the patient wage-earner, whose share, nevertheless, in the result is the most indispensable factor in the supply of human needs. The ideal of freedom and fair play is thwarted at every turn, and no amount of so-called benevolent readjustment can restore the lost balance of human harmony, or lessen the deadly havoc wrought in both spheres by the creation of artificial scarcity, on the one hand, and pampered superfluity on the other. The practical philosophy of the New Order consists in reversing the method of the old system in order to revolutionise the result. In the New Order groups, access to the vital needs of subsistence for all, apart from luxury, is held to be the first claim on the land they control; the more vital the necessity, the stronger the claim. Other wants follow in their due degree of importance, standards being fixed by vital and spiritual laws, freed altogether from the complex considerations which sway production and exchange in the old money world. This means nothing less than the daily exercise of the cosmic sense in all avocations of life. III.—Resetting of the Moral Code. By the entire revaluation, along cosmic lines, of human needs and occupations, fresh categories are set up in the domain of morals and criminology. The old schedules of jurisprudence are no longer operative. " Thou shalt not steal " is a maxim outworn in a community where all reasonable wants find individual satisfaction. " He that eateth not, neither shall he be made to work, " is the revised version of the old apostolic dictum, so dear to the hearts of charity organisers. It is well known that offences against property engross the larger part of the time of the Courts in their administration of justice. By the substitution of the law of user for the rights of property, this large category of crimes would necessarily be wiped out. Other classes of crime will tend to disappear through the increase of social harmony brought about by the new institutions. In the industrial unrest, so-called, of recent times, may be clearly seen one symptom of this revaluation in the code of duty already taking place in the minds of the workers. Where they were once satisfied with the simple ideal of " honest toil, " they now perceive that it may be a crime against their own and their fellows' development and self-respect to work at all under the conditions imposed by their masters. What does " direct action " mean but the duty to work only on one's own terms and conditions, and not on those exacted by the pistol of starvation levelled at one's head? In Tract I. of this second series ( " New Maids for Old " ) a similar restatement of moral values is shown to be taking place through the vital changes which the New Order inaugurates and sustains in the position of women and in their relations with men:— "The old order changeth, giving place to new, And God fulfils Himself in many ways, Lest one good custom should corrupt the world." W. Allan Macdonald. Helen M. Macdonald. Women Inventors. ARE women inventive? The question has been asked many times, and often been answered in the negative, and even recently Sir Wm. Ramsay, the eminent scientist, gave an opinion in this direction, apparently forgetting the able assistance given by Madame Curie to her husband, the late Professor Curie, in the discovery of radium, for which they both received such full recognition from the French Academy. Undoubtedly women are inventors, and probably it has been from lack of business ability that they have failed to obtain proper recognition in the world's work in this direction. They have no doubt suffered under the disadvantages of not having sufficient constructional knowledge to obtain the manufacture of their invention in such a form as to bring commercial success, but with their gradual development in a business career they will be able to obtain the services of the manufacturer in a manner difficult for them to get in former times, and so both these important drawbacks of their advancement will be removed. Probably in the beginning of the human race woman was the earlier inventor than man, for he kept to the chase for food, and warfare, to maintain existence against the wild beasts and his brother man, and that no doubt it was woman who first planted the seeds and grew the corn for future food; and, again, she would be the only one to weave a few rushes together to make a bed for her babe, and fashion a lump of clay into a vessel to hold water, and afterwards to cook food therein over a fire. Clearly men would not trouble with such " trifles, " and indeed his hands were full in defending his family and providing them with flesh food. The needle and use of thread is much more likely to have come from the brain of woman than of man, and for ages the art of cooking was almost entirely in her hands. With even such primitive references it would be idle to deny the right of women to being recognised as inventors. It is only, however, of recent years that she has taken advantage of the Patent Laws to protect inventions; but in this direction there has been a phenomenal advancement in her progress, for a few years ago a woman's name seldom ranked in the records of the Patent Office, but last year over 500 patents were applied for by ladies in Great Britain alone, showing an average of over ten per week. This is surely a sign of the times of their taking advantage of their acknowledged abilities. It is clear to every reasonable thinker that there are several fields for their faculties in various directions in which woman has special advantages over man, say, for instance, in the matters of her own clothes and wearing apparel. Again, in household utensils there is still a great room for improvements, and many successful patents taken by man have in reality come from the woman who explained them the way without thought of taking advantage from any monopoly gained by patents. The writer is aware of many successful patents taken by ladies who have made improvements in articles with which they are brought in regular contact, and latterly they have figured as patentees in even such ambitious subjects as motor-cars and wireless telegraphy. Some years ago Mrs. Wood invented a composition to which she gave her name as " Woodite " for coating the panels of ships and preventing incrustation, and a company was formed to take over the patent; also an American lady, Mrs. Harding, of Vermont, is stated to have received $1,000,000 as her one-third share in a horse-shoe for which she was a joint patentee. It is, however, possible that they will achieve success most easily in matters of which they have an intimate knowledge, such as those connected with the home life; but there are no doubt many women workers in the world well qualified to make improvements in machines which they work, and in laboratories where they study, and as it is a great question of the day how a woman may earn her living, it is certain that there are many who could improve their position by using their intelligence and powers of observation to improve many articles of daily use. G. H. RAYNER Correspondence. To the Editor of The Freewoman. THE CASE FOR CONSTANCY. Madam,—Mr. d'Auvergne's rejoinder fills me with horror at the extent to which an unpractised writer like myself may contrive to get misunderstood. He cannot possibly like modern society less than I do, and I am not at all concerned for its maintenance. I made no allusion to the problem of the economic relations between men and women: I concerned myself solely with their emotional relations. As a matter of fact, no solution of the economic problem that I have yet heard appears to me to meet all difficulties. If, for instance, Mr. d'Auvergne wants mothers to be State-supported, I am not sure that they might not prefer receiving their maintenance from men (they (presumably) loved, to receiving it from Mr. Lloyd George or Mr. Winston Churchill. It is true they might become self-supporting, and this is an attractively high-spirited alternative; the worst of it is that most women want to devote their energies to making a home, and that, generally speaking, their husbands desire them to do so. All I desired to imply, however, was that infidelity caused unhappiness, and that an unhappy mother was an unfit mother. A child is a sensitive plant, it can thrive only in an atmosphere of cheerfulness and peace. Jealousy is an ugly thing, I admit, and a woman might try to accept cheerfully and bravely the fact that her husband had come to regard her with distaste; but I suggest she might be a little unhappy, and " Robin Adair " does not make such a good lullaby as " Sweet and Low. " The notion, too, that women alone are concerned with the upbringing of children does not please me. A child needs a father as well as a mother; and I find it hard to believe that a man can care very much for his children when his relations with their mother have ceased to be tender and he is absorbed in a new passion. I know little of the upbringing, good or otherwise, of French children, but it does appear to me that the horrible custom of arranged marriages, which are, I suppose, the culmination of the excellent education Mr. d'Auvergne refers to, is a proof that French parents differ little from mothers who think their entire duty is fulfilled if they keep their children clean and tidy. a generous dot seems a poor substitute for the opportunity of exercising critical choice in sex relations. I cannot say either that I much appreciate the complaisance of the French couples Mr. d'Auvergne admires. It seems to me to smack somewhat of bovine insensibility, and the energetic proceedings of the shooting lady form quite a pleasing contrast. Is a country in a good way sexually when so unprejudiced an observer as P. G. Hamerton can declare that the difference between the French and English outlook on sex may be expressed by saying that whereas in England Joseph is considered a self-respecting youth, in France he is held a ninny? However, to leave France, the point at issue between Mr. d'Auvergne and myself appears to be this: that he assumes the uncontrollable nature of emotion and I do not. Inexperienced adolescents may suddenly find themselves head over heels in love, but no reasonably self-controlled adult can find it impossible, provided he has the desire (and Mr. d'Auvergne's pitifulness should be a sufficient incentive), to prevent himself from falling in love with any person whatsoever. Neither is it impossible to prevent oneself from hating any person whatsoever; one can always meditate on his good qualities. When I say constancy I certainly do mean, rightly or wrongly, constancy in affection. Constancy means steadiness, too, and steadiness in itself is pleasurable. If I say I am a steady walker, I do not mean that I bear up like Dorando at the finish, but that (in a peaceable manner) I enjoy myself. Of course, if you want life all fire and fervour, sober walking tours no doubt seem very uninteresting; but I should think fire and fervour might become very wearing, and their continued presence would leave no time for anything else. Is not Mr. d'Auvergne at all attracted by the notion of passion settling down into tender friendship? If there is no basis for friendship, that merely proves that the original passion was contemptible; and it should be a clever writer's business to influence public opinion in the direction of scorning " such base passions and not of tolerating their evanescence. Mr. d'Auvergne and I seem, indeed, to be discussing the love affairs of totally different people. I began by assuming that he was talking about intelligent and commonly nice people, and then he breaks out about Philistines on a pier. How can one be interested in the welfare of a poor old buffer with no ideas in his head except pretty girls? Why doesn't he go and play with his children on the sands, and enjoy himself in a rational manner? Mr. d'Auvergne is not explicit either as to how far his pleasurable intercourse with the pretty girl is to go. Is she to become a mother? If so, by whom are her children to be maintained? If Mr. d'Auvergne replies, " By the State, " as a party in the State, I protest. I don't think I want her children: I don't think she's a nice girl. If Mr. d'Auvergne would only devote himself to castigating the stupidity and folly that turn lively children into the dull, besotted idiots of adults so many of our fellow-citizens have the happiness of being, he would be doing better service to society than by devising kindly little schemes for making the aforesaid condition of dull besottedness more endurable. As regards asceticism also, Mr. d'Auvergne and I appear to be talking rather a propos interrompus, as his loved France would say. I mention St. Francis, and he flies off at a tangent to St. Simeon Stylites, who interests me very little, except as a natural curiosity. When I refer to saints, of course I mean real ones, that is, people (IN THE PRESS.) THE TRAGEDY OF THE STREETS. By A. ARTHUR READE. This is not a novel, not a gutter book, but a serious book dealing with a serious question which concerns the individual, as well as the State. It is a collection of real life dramas,' relieved by interludes of personal anecdote, legal, social, and philosophical. It is the first attempt ever made to embody in a short volume some facts as to the treatment of women. These facts are drawn from official records, local history, and personal observation extending over a period of thirty years. To the student of social science this book is a treasury house of facts bearing on the social evil, as well as to every man who takes a real interest in the welfare of his country. It has involved months of hard labour in selecting, out of thousands of reports, typical illustrations of cruelty to women. Subscription price five shillings. Orders, with remittance, to be sent to the Author and Publisher, Wilmslow, Nr. Manchester. who fall in love with goodness, practise it exquisitely, and gain great happiness thereby. St. Francis might have been less happy if he had not believed he would go to heaven when he died, but I doubt it. I think he would have found an excuse for doing as he liked {i.e., being a saint), even with the prospect of annihilation at death. If it was merely the fear of hell and the hope of heaven that drove him to holiness, how is it that the rest of the world did not follow his example, since it shared his creed? At any rate, he can hardly have expected to meet with any loves, new or otherwise, in Paradise, so it seems clear that his chastity was not a frightful temporary reining-in of passion. Perhaps it really was enjoyable, just as fresh morning air is enjoyable, in spite of the fact that it is not loaded with scent. I must explain that when I speak of asceticism I mean going without what are commonly regarded as nice things, and not forcing oneself to partake of nasty ones. I should never think of devoting myself to a disagreeable consort: I should leave him alone and keep out of his way—that is, assuming I had been so impossibly silly as to marry him. (If Mr. dAuvergne does not know a disagreeable person when he sees one, 1 am sorry for him. I do.) When I talked of embracing pain I meant pain of such a nature that to experience it would be no degradation. Penelope could endure the pain of her husband's absence, but she had no fancy for martyrising herself by submitting to the embraces of men she did not like. (I don't know, by the way, what my New Odysseus would say when starting off on a journey, but I should say to him, " Dear love, how 9weet it will be when you return! and be sure to bring home something nice for Telemachus. " ) Mr. d'Auvergne on pity is lucid and interesting. It would appear that when I fish a fly out of the milk-jug my motive is the calculation that the fly will henceforth, in consideration of my conduct, refrain from buzzing round me on hot days. I am mortified: I thought it was sensibility of heart. But perhaps Mr. d'Auvergne means that I do so in order to be liked by my fellow-creatures, and there may be something in that. Only, how does he account for the fact that I should do so just the same if I were on a desert island, without possibility of release before death? The truth is, the fly's situation worries me, just as the idea of having destroyed a fellow-creature's happiness would. Regarding the relations between pity (or charity) and chastity, may I refer Mr. d'Auvergne to St. Giles? On its being suggested to him that the former was the more admirable virtue of the two, he replied, " What is there in the whole world more chaste than holy charity? " He probably meant that, love and hate being essentially the same emotion (as witness the rapidity with which, as Mr. d'Auvergne seems well aware, one may be transformed into the other), what curbed the one would curb the other. The death of a coarser love may mean the birth of a finer. The fact is, there are all sorts of loves, and all sorts of ways of fulfilling them, and not one sort only, as Mr. d'Auvergne insists on supposing. If I have a fancy for loving like St. Francis, why is it so essential that I should love like Mrs. Jones? There are other ways of gratifying passion than rushing off to live in the same house as its object. Regarding dinners, there is no reason why Mrs. d'Auvergne should think my comparison derogatory. Things may be similar in one respect and dissimilar in all others. If I say that pious old ladies go to church for the same reason that men go to public-houses, that is, because they think they will feel the better for it, I in no way insult the old ladies. Mrs. d'Auvergne might compare herself to a tadpole, and merely mean that she and the tadpole had one (possibly quite charming) point of similarity. Of course, if Mr. and Mrs. d'Auvergne are quite determined to get tired of one another, I suppose nothing can stop them. But if, by a striking piece of good fortune, this clearly well-nigh inevitable catastrophe should be averted, will it not probably be because they have taken the precaution never to seek each other's society except when both were inclined for it? When they feel boredom stealing upon them, would it not be well to go off for a holiday in different directions, just as I resolutely refuse dinner altogether when appetite and seven o'clock do not put in an appearance together? I beg Mr. d'Auvergne's pardon for rashly assuming that he " ate anything worse than baked rice-pudding and tomatoes. But, as a matter of fact, he also makes rash assumptions. He should imitate his wife's discretion in not bestowing honorary titles where they may be undeserved. I can lay no more claim to " Mrs. " than (to tell the truth) to " Theobald. " If Mr. d'Auvergne considers spinsterhood a disqualification for discussing love, I retire from the contest, submissive but entirely unconvinced. Margaret Theobald. THE CASE OF PENELOPE. Madam,—On referring to my original article, Mr. Lewis will note that it was professedly written from the standpoint of one who could see no better object in existence than happiness, and that I recognised the existence of various categories of persons who disavowed that object. Among these, it seems, I should have enumerated Syndicalists. Your correspondent denies that man is fundamentally a rational being, and, like his master, Georges Sorel, evidently distrusts reason and intelligence; but if man is not to be guided by these, I cannot for the life of me see by what he is to be guided except by his instincts; and to this Mr. Lewis objects quite as strongly. He leaves us in a parlous plight. It may be true that " scarcely anyone knows why he does or what he is, " but the purpose of my article was precisely to suggest that when he does put checks on his own instincts, he might pause to consider, once in a way, why he is doing it, and if it will increase his happiness. When all the workers come out on strike, as I understand Mr. Lewis wishes them to do, I presume they will declare themselves to be moved either by reason or instinct; nay, more, I do not think Mr. Lewis will persuade them to do it unless he holds out some vague hope that their happiness will ultimately be increased thereby. Surveying our social institutions and also certain measures proposed for their alteration, I am, however, compelled to agree with your correspondent, that " scarcely anyone knows why he does. " That is why we are all in such a wretched mess, and why so many of us are so miserable. The laws of England must certainly have been framed by men in the state of mind which Mr. Lewis considers natural, if not proper, to man; and no exaggerated regard for (other people's) happiness inspires the legislators of to-day. But if your correspondents despise happiness, I really must plead with them to let others of us pursue it in our own way, and not seek to frustrate it by upholding restrictions on our freedom in the most intimate of human relationships. Edmund B. dDAuvergne. September 13th, 1912. FIDELITY. Madam,—May I echo the prayer of E. M. Watson? From the " natural " man, good Lord, deliver us. The very thought of him raises indeed a nightmare too horrible for words. Probably Mr. dAuvergne and a few others would like to revoke the law which makes rape and criminal assault on girls and women a punishable offence? If you do not already subscribe to " THE FREEWOMAN, " we suggest that you kindly fill in the form attached and post it to us without delay. If you would prefer not to deface your number by cutting it, copy out a similar form on to a sheet of paper. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION.—Post free to any address in the Postal Union. Twelve months, 14s.; six months,57s.; three months, 3s. 6d; one month, Is. 2d. To STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Dear Sirs, Please enter my name as a subscriber to " THE FREEWOMAN " for months, commencing with issue dated..........................................Cheque or P.O. enclosed for:: herewith Name.......................................................................... Address...................................................................... Fight the Good Fight For Right is Might. And Scorning Fear, Our Dawn is Near: When all shall see the Light. THE DAILY HERALD is fighting the good fight for labour with all its might. Its triumphant progress is a splendid indication of its power for good. The magnificent tributes received every day from its readers always spur it on to greater efforts towards the achievement of its raison d'etre — the demand of justice for the workers: the bread-winners of our country. Readers of " The Freewoman** cannot afford to be without " The Daily Herald ** if they are to keep in touch with the most advanced section of the progressive movement. No great donations are asked for, but just the benefit of their intelligent support and one halfpenny each day. The Daily Herald IS LABOUR'S ONLY GREAT DAILY Readers of " The Freewoman " should send halfpenny stamp for a Specimen Copy of " The Daily Herald. " Address: THE PUBLISHER, " THE DAILY HERALD, " VICTORIA HOUSE, TUDOR STREET, LONDON, E.C But if the " natural " man is to be encouraged, and if he is to roam at large in Society with his natural instincts and desires ungoverned and uncontrolled, may I suggest as a woman that all igirls and women be taught the use of firearms, which should be carried as regularly as a handkerchief? I don't think that many would need to be riddled before other " natural " men became civilised and self-controlled. Kathlyn Oliver. September 16th, 1912. "THE FREEWOMAN. " madam,—I notice that some of your correspondents, as a substitute for subscribing, are undertaking to continue regular purchasers of The freewoman. This, while not bringing in so much money as subscriptions, will give you equal security. I have bought The -freewoman from its first number, and I shall continue to do so. If you found it needful to double the price I would still buy it. I disagree entirely with your attitude towards the W.S.P.U. and the militant suffrage movement generally. But that doesn't matter. Live papers are too rare to be let die. F. Sheehy Skeffington. September 14th, 1912. [While we appreciate the expressed support of our correspondent, we would point out that subscriptions even for short periods are just over three times as helpful in creating a steady revenue.—Ed.] EUGENICS IN AMERICA. Madam,—I am sorry to see that in your issue of August 15th there is an attack on Eugenics by F. W. Stella Browne. Mrs. Browne evidently thinks that there is some connection between Eugenics and coercion. There is absolutely none, either etymologically or historically. Some very superficial persons have advocated State interference, but all Eugenists of first-rate ability, with the solitary exception of Plato, have believed that Eugenics should be based upon absolute freedom. The modern Eugenics movement originated in America, and nearly all its ablest advocates have lived there. Every one of them has been an unflinching advocate of individual freedom. The first publication which used the name " Eugenics " was the American Journal of Eugenics. OF ALL HIGH GLASS DRAPERS - AND STORES - IN LONDON AND PROVINCES. THE FROCKS FOR CHILDREN AND MAIDS SEND POSTCARD FOR NAME OF NEAREST RETAILER TO " DOUGLAFROC " ( c/o " FREEWOMAN " ), 16, KING STREET, COVENT GARDEN, W.C. I had the honour of being one of its most frequent contributors. Every one of the writers in that publication favoured perfect liberty. Clear-headed Eugenists say that in order to improve the race only one thing is needful. Every woman must be perfectly " free to choose the father of her child. Such freedom would automatically improve the quality of the race, because the natural tendency of the average woman is to be attracted by strength and vigour more than by weakness. Most women prefer a healthy man to a delicate one, a lively man to a dull one, an optimistic man to a pessimistic one, a muscular man to a frail one, a clever man to a stupid one, and so on ad infinitum. The inevitable effect of freedom would therefore be to eliminate the inferior men from fatherhood, to a great extent at least, and to give a preference to healthy, strong, and able men. I am well aware that the English Eugenic movement is in the hands of some of the densest blockheads in the world, who are totally incapable of seeing the above point. I strongly protest, however, against any association of the noble name of Eugenics with the vapourings of such asses. R. B. Kerr. August 30th, 1912. GIRLS OF TO-DAY. Madam,—May I draw attention to an article in the Daily Mail of September 10th, called " Girls of To-day, " which I think would be useful as a subject for discussion an your, in many ways, admirable paper? Also I shall like to point out to you and your readers the constant confusion and misapplication which some of your correspondents ceaselessly indulge in regarding the two words " sexuality " and " sensuality. " The difference is not a very fine one, and therefore it is all the more strange that, in ordinary conversation even, one hears the two words so misused as being synonymous (which they are not) as one does. Male Pedant. September nth, 1912. CHILDREN'S SURNAMES. Madam,—Has it ever occurred to you that the present way of naming children is a great injustice to women? I suggest that, instead of all the children in a family carrying the father's name, the first child take the father's THE FIRST STEPS TOWARDS FREEDOM! READ THE NEW ORDER TRACTS. Now Ready. SERIES I. 1. The New Parliament: Social Reconstruction by Free Concert. 2. The New Landholder: Social Freedom by Security of Subsistence. 3. The New Money: Free Exchange between Free Organizers. 4. The New Worker: Free Production by Concerted Exchange. SERIES II. 1. New Maids for Old: Free Women in Marriage and Out. 2. The New Education: Free Initiative and Life-long Culture. 3. The New Hygiene: Natural Health versus Economic Wealth. 4. The New Religion: Cosmic Harmony in Human Conduct. Id. each. Post Free, ljd. Four Post Free, 4£d. WHY NOT TAKE THEM NOW? THE NEW ORDER. 3d. Post free 3M. By W. ALLAN MACDONALD and HELEN M MACDONALD. London: QUESTALL PRESS, 1 73, Seymour Place, Bryanston Square, W. TO EVERY READER OF " THE FREEWOMAN " FOR ONE MONTH ONLY. The Swift Press begs to announce that, as a means of increasing the number of regular subscribers to " THE FREEWOMAN, " arrangements have been made with Messrs. Stephen Swift and Co., Ltd., to present FREE OF CHARGE A COMPLETE SET OF MAX BEERBOHM'S CARTOONS " THE SECOND CHILDHOOD OF JOHN BULL " to every reader who will secure two new subscribers to " THE FREEWOMAN " for one year. The Cartoons are fifteen in number, each a full-page illustration (size igi by 14 in.), and are notable examples of the famous cartoonist's happiest work. The Subscription to " THE FREEWOMAN " for one year is 14/-(post free), payable in one sum or by four quarterly payments of 3/6. Fill up two forms on the lines of the appended form and send them to us, together with your Cheque or a Postal Order for the whole sum, 28/-, or the first instalment of 7/-, and we will at once send you a set of the Cartoons, and supply weekly two copies of " THE FREEWOMAN " for a period of Twelve Months. If you would prefer not to deface your number by cutting it, copy out two similar forms on to a sheet of notepaper, and send them to us—they will do just as well. To " THE FREEWOMAN, " Dept. A, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Please supply me with " THE FREEWOMAN " for one year, commencing with your issue dated............................, and (free of all charge to me) a copy of Max Beerbohm's Cartoons, " The Second Childhood of John Bull. " I enclose cheque (or postal order) for 14/-*, or 3/6 and hereby agree to forward the balance in three equal quarterly instalments of 3/6. Name.............................................................. Address............................................................ * Cross out figures not used. .......................,............................. name (or the mother's), the next child take the mother's name, and so on alternately. I also suggest that all such titles as Mr., Mrs., Miss, Esq., be suppressed. I suggest that we put this into practice at once in our dealings with each other. Finally, I suggest that in marriage a woman continue to carry her maiden name. There is no reason why a woman should assume her husband's name. Laws and customs are contrary to these proposals, but now is the time to establish better laws and customs. E. H. James. September 10th, 1912. SPECIAL TREATMENT FOR SUFFRAGISTS. Madam,—Jf the question discreet—*Was the Government motive coercion of the women's spirit? " —be also innuendo, then I stick to the innuendo. Mr. Norman, September 12th, paragraph two, sentences three, four, five, and six, makes all the necessary admissions in proof of the truth and justice of both question and innuendo. Regarding Government methods the issue could not be more clearly denned. The physically strong and the physically weak were alike released without forcible feeding in late summer, 1909, the Editor of The Free-woman among them; and there have been similar cases since then. This completes my last word on the " no alternative " question. I deny that according to the standard of the gentleman, Mr. Norman should, if Home Secretary, feed brave prisoners, men or women, by force. The petitions on behalf of Mrs. Mary Leigh and Miss Gladys Evans are now ready. Large petitions are provided with followers for holding a number of names; small petitions are minus the follower, and hold about half a dozen names. Will your readers please apply to me at once at Struanlea, Shoreham, Sussex? I ask for 5,000 signatures within the next seven days. Enclosed is a list of part-messages from prominent sympathisers with the new movement. One of the most interesting letters I have received to date is from Mr. Allen Upward, who says: — "I am wholly against treating any prisoners, of either sex, or of whatever crime accused, in a manner that involves their personal degradation or physical torture. As a judge, I have sentenced men to death with a clear conscience, but I consider that the right of society ends there. It has a right to defend itself against attack, whether by banishment, imprisonment, or execution, but not to punish. " I should support to the utmost of my power any effort to recast our penal laws in accordance with the teachings of science and religion, but it seems to me difficult and dangerous to draw distinctions in favour of particular prisoners, who have more friends than the unknown and wretched beings, victims of temptation and poverty and hereditary disease, whose fate these ladies have deliberately courted. I should very greatly prefer to see an agitation directed against the whole system under which such atrocities are possible." With Mr. Upward's general position I am in full agreement; but it seems to me that that particular campaign provides a pressing task to hand for the specialised energy of such a public body as the Personal Rights Association, or the Humanitarian League, or both societies. My own position has already been made clear to readers of your paper, who will realise that I am not urging a theory of special treatment for ladies. And truth to tell, Mrs. Mary Leigh (like Mr. William Ball and myself) is by birth a genuine child of The People; and all of us, and many more like us, had already a lifetime's record of self-support and hard work and realised _ knowledge _ of the country's crying needs behind us, prior to making any acquaintance with British prisons from the inside, as suffragist prisoners. We had very good reasons for being suffragists, and militant suffragists to boot! Then let us get Mrs. Mary Leigh and others, whatever their rank, out of the clutches of the forcible feeders now; and then let the Humanitarian League, and the Personal Rights Association, and Mr. Upward, and all of_ like mind, sow on the ready soil of a roused public opinion if they will. The W.S.P.U. and the W.F.L. can provide enough first-hand material for an effective national campaign as soon as the machinery is ready to move. Meanwhile I ask for those 5,000 signatures this week as a beginning. Part replies are as follows: — Rev. Professor T. K. Cheyne, D.D. (Oxford), and Mrs. Elizabeth Gibson Cheyne. "Most certainly, will gladly sign a petition regarding the two prisoners you have written about. " Albert Dawson, Esq., Editor Christian Commonwealth. " I gladly sign your petition. I agree with every word of your letter. And I would also join any committee you may form, if I could help in any way." Surgeon-General G. W. Evatt, C.B. "Very glad to sign suggested petition." Francis Grierson, Esq. " I agree with you that the undoubted courage of the prisoners, Mrs. Mary Leigh and Miss Gladys Evans, now in Mountjoy Prison, Dublin, who have sustained the trial of a hunger-strike, should be met by different treatment than feeding by force." Professor W. D. Halliburton, M.D., LL.D., F.R.C.P., etc. " You may add my name to any petition or committee set going on behalf of suffragist prisoners. I recently spoke against their treatment in a public meeting in Dundee. Mr. George Lansbury, M.P. " Yes, certainly add my name. I am doing and will go on doing all I can to rouse opinion. It is a cruel and cowardly business." The Right Rev. the Lord Bishop of Lincoln. "You may count on my signing the memorial you are drafting, and I should like to see it. I am thankful that someone is moving in the matter." Rev. Dr. Orchard, Enfield. " I am a profound believer in the Suffrage being granted to women. I am a profound disbeliever in the personal WOMEN AS INVENTORS. " Intensely Conservative. " —Review of Reviews. \\~ Monthly. Monthly \j " TO MODERNISTS. The Oxford 8 Cambridge Review flings down the gauntlet (take it up who will!), and proclaims, in the face of all men and women, that it stands for the great principle of ORTHODOXY. That it may open the eyes of yet more persons to the fact that Orthodoxy is not Odious nor Outworn, that Cleverness is not Confined to Cranks, and that Christian Conservatism will indubitably Conquer. The Review will henceforth present itself to the public at the price of 1/- Net. September Number now ready. Annual Subscription. 12/6. STEPHEN SWIFT and CO., LTD., 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. " Continues to be a handsome and substantial publication. " — Church Family Newspaper. If you have an IDEA for an INVENTION AND PATENT, protect it at once and secure the full advantage. There is an increasing number of successful Women Patentees. Full particulars and pamphlet of information post free from Messrs. RAYNER andCO., Regd. Patent Agents, 37, Chancery Lane, London, W.C. violence tactics of some of the militants. The Dublin incident seemed to me to have only narrowly escaped bringing- about a dreadful tragedy. Still, mistaken and even mad as I hold such tactics to be, I am bound to recognise the motives, and therefore I should be glad to sign a petition that the prisoners should be awarded the privileges of the First Cla9S. " Professor E. A. Schafer, F.R.S., etc., President, British Association. " I am ready and willing to sign a petition that forcible feeding of suffragette prisoners shall cease, and that they be accorded the privileges which are usually accorded to political or quasi-political offenders against the laws. I am also willing to join a committee to support such a petition—provided always that it is drawn up in such terms as I should approve. I am also in agreement with the opinion that the sentences inflicted on the ladies you mention are excessive. " E. H. Visiak, ESQ., Author Buccaneer Ballads, etc. " Your letter is capital; I agree with every point. " Professor James Ward, Cambridge. " I 9hall be glad to sign your petition when it is ready. " Mr. Philip Snowden, M.P. " I am quite ready to support a movement for securing special treatment for Mrs. Leigh and Miss Evans as political prisoners, and for a reduction of the sentence, which I think is outrageous; but I do so on the distinct understanding that I have no sympathy at all with the methods these women have thought fit to adopt. Forcible feeding is an abominable outrage, which ought not to be allowed. " Mary Gawthorpe. FREEMASONS. Madam,—For many years the privileges and secrets of Freemasonry have been denied to women. Now, however, several members of the thirty-third and highest degree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish Rite, sympathising with the cause of sex equality, have obtained charters from the highest authorities in England and Germany to initiate women. Until the end of September, 1912, or further notice, the fees charged will be half those usually asked. N. I. L. Miscellaneous. The charge for announcements in THESE COLUMNS is ONE PENNY per WORD (MINIMUM 12 WORDS) and must be PREPAID. If desired, replies can be addressed c/o THE FREEWOMAN Office. Advertisements must be received by SATURDAY, FIRST POST, for the next issue, published on Thursday. While no guarantee can be given, advertisements will appear in any particular issue if at all possible. Any held over will appear in the following issue. All communications to be addressed to THE ADVERTISING MANAGER, THE FREEWOMAN, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. Telephone: Gerrard 6449. DOGS. Beautiful pure white Samoyede (Siberian) Pups for sale, all of well-known pedigree. Enquiries to Miss Lowry, The Studio, North Holmwood, Dorking. Fox Terriers, smooth or wire-haired. Excellent for lonely house or as companions.—The Thatches, Pang-bourne. HOUSES, BOARDING HOUSES. WEST CENTRAL—Boarding House (Ladies only) has two vacancies—intellectual circle—moderate charges. Write—Box 1562, The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Two (or Three) Good Furnished Rooms, use kitchen, etc.; suitable for studious gentlewomen; Chelsea. —Box 1543, The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. MISCELLANEOUS. Pure Turkish Cigarettes. Hand made in an ideal factory. Medium size, 3/4 per 100- Full size, 3/10 per 100; postage free. — Herbert Dunhill, Lowlands Road, Harrow. Poultry Farm. Vacancy for pupil; small premium.— Write Yonkers, c/o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Ladies' Gowns and Costumes bought and sold. Most reliable and satisfactory.—Madame P., c/o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. Portraits reproduced from old photographs. New process.—Box 1533, c/o The Freewoman, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, W.C. A BOOK FOR MARRIED WOMEN. By DR. ALLINSON. The information contained in this book ought to be known by every married woman, and it will not harm the unmarried to read. The book is conveniently divided into twelve chapters. The first chapter treats of the changes of puberty, or when a girl becomes a woman. The second chapter treats of marriage from a doctor's standpoint; points out the best ages for marriage, and who should have children and who not, and furnishes useful information that one can ordinarily get only from an intelligent doctor. The third chapter treats of the marriage of blood relations; and condemns such marriages as a rule. Chapter four treats of the signs of pregnancy. The fifth chapter tells how a woman should live during the pregnant state. The sixth chapter treats of mishaps and how to avoid them. The seventh chapter treats of material impressions, and shows that birth marks are not due to longings on the part of the mother, but rather to her poor health. The eighth chapter teaches how to have easy confinements. Certain people believe that women should bring forth in pain and trouble, but the hygienic physician says that confinements can be made comparatively easy if certain rules are obeyed; these rules are given. The ninth chapter treats of the proper management of confinements until the baby is born. The tenth chapter tells how to treat the mother until she is up and about again. The eleventh chapter treats of sterility; gives the main causes of it, how these may be overcome and children result. The last chapter treats of the " change, " a most important article for all women over forty. The book is full of useful information, and no book is written which goes so thoroughly into matters relating to married women. Some may think too much is told; such can scarcely be the case, for knowledge is power and the means of attaining happiness. The book can be had in an envelope from Dr. T. R. Allinson, 381, Room, 4, Spanish Place, Manchester Square, London, W., in return for a Postal Order for is. 2d. Telegrams— " Lumenifer, London. " Telephones—Gerrard 6449. Price Sixpence. Every Wednesday. IT IS RECOGNISED UNIVERSALLY THAT the onlooker IS THE SMARTEST ILLUSTRATED TOPICAL AND SOCIETY WEEKLY PAPER. The OnlooRer Abroad.—Copies are always on sale at the leading Kiosks, Newsagents and Railway Station Bookstalls of all the most important Cities on the Continent and Egypt. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION: UNITED KINGDOM - - 28/- ONE YEAR FOREIGN .... 35/- „ Including Double Numbers and Postage. All Enquiries and Remittances should be forwarded to 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C. STEPHEN SWIFT'S Latest Announcements Social and Political Series. 3s. 6d. each. FROM THEATRE TO MUSIC HALL. By W. R. TITTERTON. " How admirably he describes and analyses the work of many of the actors and dancers of the day. The book is certainly quite a brilliant picture of its side of London life, and to say that it does not contain a dull page underrates badly its extraordinary Vivacity. " —Observer. " A most vivacious volume ... a second edition of the book which seems sure to be called for. " —Pall Mall Gazette. THE DOCTOR AND HIS WORK. By CHARLES J. WHITBY, M.D. SECRET DIPLOMACY. By GEO. ELLER. Miscellaneous. TRIPOLI AND YOUNG ITALY. By CHARLES LAPWORTH in Collaboration with HELEN ZIMMERN. Fully Illustrated, ios. 6d. net. The Italian Prime Minister has written officially to the author, expressing his congratulations and thanks for a book which he describes as " a veritable act of homage to the truth ... a book which will make all fair-minded people realise the sincerity and righteousness of the new manifestation of vitality on the part of the Italian Nation. " SOME OLD ENGLISH WORTHIES. By DOROTHY SENIOR, jos. 6d. net. " She has rewritten the histories of such ' old worthies ' as Thomas of Reading, George-a-Green, Roger Bacon, and Friar Rush, retaining just as much of the charm of early language as is consistent with facility in reading. The result is particularly happy. " —Vanity Fair. " A charming book, well designed and well printed. " —Athenaum. THE EPISODES OF VATHEK. By WILLIAM BECKFORD. Translated by the late Sir Frank T. Marzials. With an Introduction by Lewis Melville, and containing the original French, and photogravure of the author, 21s. net. VATHEK. Small crown 8vo, cloth extra, is. net. With notes by Henley and an introduction by Dr. Garnett. ENGLISH LITERATURE, 1880=1905; Pater, Wilde, and After. By J. M. KENNEDY. Demy 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. Mr. J. M. Kennedy has written the first history of the dynamic movement in English literature between 1880 and 1905. IN DEFENCE OF AMERICA: For the Enlightenment of John Bull. By BARON VON TAUBE. 5s. net. " Baron von Taube has the faculty of keen observation, not altogether superficial, and the rare gift of expressing his conclusions convincingly and with the saving grace of humour. " —Literary World. " Tactful and interesting eulogy of the United States takes a form which makes it peculiarly effective. " —Scotsman. OFF BEATEN TRACKS IN BRITTANY. By EMIL DAVIES. Crown 8vo, cloth, 7s. 6d. net. " Should be read with equal pleasure by readers curious about Brittany, and by those who wish to be entertained by sharing the enjoyment of a skilful holiday maker. " —Scotsman. " A good deal of brightness in the narrative. " —Observer. BRITISH BATTLE BOOKS. By hilaire belloc Blenheim, Waterloo, Malplaquet. is. net each. Of " Waterloo " the Nation says: " Everyone who wishes to join in the controversy or even to understand what the discussion is all about, we earnestly recommend Mr. Belloc's brief monograph. Let everyone, before entering the society of military men three years hence, get this little book almost by heart. " A Neglected Factor in Economics. THE CONSUMER IN REVOLT. By Mrs. BILLINGTON-GREIG. is. net. The author claims that there will be no satisfactory solution of the present industrial unrest until labour has won the assistance of the consumers. Pungent Satire. HOW TO MAKE MONEY. By STAFFORD NORTH, is. net. To be Issued this Autumn. AN INTRODUCTION TO METAPHYSICS. By HENRI BERGSON. Authorised Translation by T. e. Hulme. 2s. 6d. net. FOUR ESSAYS ON RELIGION. By RUDOLF EUCKEN. Translated by Dr. Tudor Jones. 2s. 6d. net. PSYCHOLOGY; A NEW SYSTEM. By ARTHUR L. LYNCH. Two volumes, 21s. net. THE LAND WAR IN IRELAND. By WLLFRED SCAWEN BLUNT. 10s. 6d. net. CONSTRUCTIVE CONSERVATISM. By Dr. HARRY ROBERTS. With a preface by L. S. Amery. is. net. BANNED Here are two books that reallv matter—books written with authority by men who know Life, and who recognise the urgent need of the r feliow-men to know it also. And yet these are banned by the libraries—one wholly, the other partially. Read what the leading critics throughout the country have to say of them. THE CONFESSION OF A FOOL By AUGUST STRINDBERG. Price 6s. (1) WHOLLY BANNED The Athenaum says that " when it is claimed by Strindberg's admirers that this work is not only profound, but also moral, no competent and fair-minded critic can well deny the claim. . . _ As a work of art it imposes first of all by its audacity, and next by its sinister gloom. One is aware that the handling is the handling of a master. " The Pall Mall Gazette says:— " ' The Kreutzer Sonata ' itself is not more unaffected in its implacable simplicity. There is, indeed, in the whole range of literature probably no parallel to these tormented confidences. " William Purvis, in the Sunday Chronicle, says:— " I can only say that after reading him I felt more moral, more virtuous than at any other well-remembered moment of my life. " The Observer says:— " Obviously sincere, amazingly outspoken, but rarely offensive. " The Manchester Guardian says:— " These confessions are as much a preaching of purity as Tolstoi's ' Kreutzer Sonata ' is. . . . Here, too, we have the greatest of Swedish classics as a descriptive writer; and how powerful, how original these descriptions are, never brought in for the sake of description, always fused with the anood of the moment, the light cast on nature for a mind for ever changing its untamable fires. " THE DAUGHTERS OF ISHMAEL By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. Price 6s. (2) PARTIALLY BANNED The Liver-pool Post declares that it is " The 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' of the White Slave Traffic, and is likely, we believe and hope, to do all that Mrs. Beecher Stowe's famous work accomplished for the black. " The Morning Post that it is " The kind of book that moves one to action, and may prove, like one or two famous novels before it, to be the inspiration of a great crusade. " The English Review that " it is a thoroughly moral book—a book, above all, that all serious women, notoriously ignorant about these matters, should read quietly and seriously. " To be Issued in the Autumn. BROKEN PITCHERS By REGINALD WRIGHT KAUFFMAN. 6s. ALSO BANNED A NIGHT IN THE LUXEMBOURG By REMY DE GOURMONT. Translated, with a Preface and Appendix, by Arthur Ransome. 5s. net. " An audacious excursus of fancy pieced together with the fertile skill of a consummate artist. . . . Mr. Ransome's translation is one of the best things he has done. In the truest sense he has captured the quintessential spirit of the book with rare felicity and sensitiveness of expression. " —Athenaum. " It is a subtle book, full of gaiety and thought, and as dangerous and unpleasant to those who have been too long swaddled in traditional beliefs as a mountain breeze is dangerous and unpleasant to one who has sat too long in a hot room. " —Observer. 3 Important Novels* SHADOWS OUT OF THE CROWD By RICHARD CURLE. 6s. " Gives satisfying evidence of a gift of psychological analysis of an unusual order. " —The Nation. " In some respects Mr. Curie's work recalls that of Mr. Joseph Conrad. " —Eye-Witness. " Exhibits a skill both of writing and invention which is certainly remarkable. " —Manchester Guardian. IN A GERMAN PENSION By KATHERINE MANSFIELD. Third Edition. 6s. " We have seldom read more vivid sketches with so great an economy of words. " —Morning Post. THE RACE OF CIRCUMSTANCE By H. R. CAMPBELL. 6s. " Qualities of brilliance. " —Spectator. " Passages of true power. " —Manchester Guardian. A unique list of powerful new fiction to be published this Autumn can be obtained gratis on application to STEPHEN SWIFT and Co., Ltd., 16, King Street, Covent Garden. Printed by Hazell. Watson and Viney, Ld., 4-8, Kirby Street, Hatton Garden, London. E.C.; and Published weekly for the Proprietors at the Office, 16, King Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.