Others , made OTHERS The Old expressions are with us always And there are always Others April-May 1919 20c, a Copy ## Others for April-May, 1919 A Play, by Williams Carlos Williams. Poems by CARL SANDBURG, LEW R. SARETT, FENTON JOHNSON, EVELYN SCOTT, HELEN HOYT, BAXTER ALDEN, JEANNE D'ORGE, DAPHNE CARR, WALLACE GOULD, JUN FUJITA, A. Y. WINTER, ALFRED KREYMBORG. VOL. V. Copyright 1919 by Alfred Kreymborg No. 8 Editor, Alfred Kreymborg Associate Editors Lola Ridge, William Saphier, Orrick Johns, Dorothy Kreymborg Art Editor, William Zorach Headquarters: N. Y., The Washington Sq. Bookshop, 17 W. 8th St. Chicago, The Radical Book Shop, 867 N. Clark Street St. Louis, 5696 Kingsbury Place ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 1 THE COMIC LIFE OP ELIA BROBITZA DRAMATIS PERSONAE A tramp Elia Brobitza Two young men A well-dressed couple Jim A friendly man The Poor Master Flavi Two men SCENES: A street and a dirty room. A street before a lighted hotel window: night. A couple are at table within; their silhouettes distinctly seen on the drawn shade. Outside, a ragged man in a cap stands beside the window on an iron grating. It is winter. The full moon sends down its rays from the right. From the left there is the soft glow of a street lamp. The man is cold. The couple behind the shade seem to talk; they eat and drink. The man outside pays no attention to them but shifts about and warms his hands from the air coming up through the grating. Wind. Laughter. Forward the gutter. A solitary girl comes in with the wind at her back and walks slowly across, chuckling to herself, head bowed, hands deep in her pockets. She passes out. She immediately re-enters from the left, this time looking back, her hands out of her pockets. She walks to a position before the window and stands there looking off the way she has come. From the direction in which she is looking come two young men, one in evening dress, the other in street dress. They walk swiftly by, laughing. 1st. Boy! This is the happiest night of my life! (They pass out) ## Page 2 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS The girl continues to look out to the left. A man in a derby comes in at a good pace, a man of about thirty-five. Suddenly the girl steps forward and stops him. She Jim! He Hangh! What... She (Pleads) Won't you come home with me? He Let go a me. She (Clinging to him) Aw Jim, I'm so glad to see you again. He looks uneasily up and down the street. She Take me back Jim. I know I have a rotten temper, but I love you, Jim, I love you—can't you see it— won't you listen to me? The Sisters'll take the babes of you don't want them around. He (Disgustedly) Agh. A well-dressed couple go by from right to left and look at them curiously. They stand petrified. He Let go my arm—damn ya! She I can't, Jim. I tell you I'm going crazy without you—mean as you've been to me. I ain't like other girls. I lay awake nights dreaming of you. Jim, you've got to listen to me. He Aw shut up. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 3 He shakes her loose and strikes her. She falls limply, without a sound as he pulls his hat down and runs out. The shabby witness slouches past her and slinks away into the night. The couple inside smoke and drink as before. Soon the woman sits up without much ado and seems to readjust her hat and clothing. In doing so she begins to laugh. She stops, then laughs again, harder and harder—to herself. A man carrying an iron cot comes in from the right. The light is very indistinct so that it is not seen exactly what he is carrying. He puts his burden down and looks at the woman. She does not notice him, but continues to laugh—rather sadly. Man What you laughing at you poor old fool? She (Looking up and after a disdainful pause) I'm laughing at myself— you poor young fool! Man Ha, ha! Well, you're a good sport; they got to hand you that. Here's the bed you asked me to bring you. As he talks she looks slowly around. The hotel window has disappeared, no trace of it is to be seen. Instead there is gradually disclosed the interior of a room with soiled and torn wallpaper. It grows quite light. She breaks off her scrutiny with another laugh. Man (Looking at her pityingly but with compassion) Take your hat off in the house and get up out of that. Say, why don't you quit this place, ## Page 4 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS an old woman like you. They've got your kids away from you; what's the sense of your sticking to this old, empty house now? No heat in it—nothing. Thal'll put you in the can. Why don't you let 'em send you to the old lady's home the way they want to? They got a swell place up there. She has continued her scrutiny of the room for a moment, then looks squarely up in his eyes. When he has done she still looks at him. She begins to smile, then laughs in his face. He (Confused and irritated) Well, here's the lousy bed you asked me to get you. What's the matter, don't you know where you are? She (After nodding affirmatively several times) Is that all you brought? He I got an old mattress comes with it. She Bring it in. He looks at her sourly a moment then shrugs his shoulders and goes. She gets up and takes off her hat as the room becomes more and more distinct. It is empty except for a small table to the left with two old and very dirty quilts over it. There is a box and a broken chair also. The wocan's hair is now seen to be grey. Her walk and bearing have changed, her dress hangs loosely about her. She is a sturdy old woman. She sits on the edge of the cot and scratches her head. After a moment she looks up as if listening. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 5 She Jim! She listens a moment. She looks around her. She handles her dress, her face—and finally sits minutely studying her hands, turning them this way and that. The man comes in with an old mattress. He There's a light coming up the road. I think it's the Poor-master. Good Night! She looks up at him a long moment, then gets up and laughs. He Well, what are you gonna do then? She (Deliberately and with smiling disdain) Put that mattress on the bed. As he does so she unbuttons and pulls her old dress off over her head in one slow motion. He What the...! She (Sitting on the edge of the bed and kicking off her old shoes) Get those quilts! He does so. She lies down with a groan. He throws the quilts over her. She (With great force) Now shut up! A tall man in an overcoat and cap pushes open the door without knocking. He looks sharply at the other. Man (Recovering first) Hello, George. P. M. What you doing here? ## Page 6 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS Man Aw, just trying to help the old lady. P. M. Well, we're going to put an end to this damn foolishness. (To woman) Get up out of that. She Who're you talking to, you dirty, drunken. . . Man Cut it out Mrs. now cut it out! P. M. You've made enough trouble in this town. She Who's made trouble? You! you.... Man Now, now! (to P. M.) There's my things drying in the corner; that blue skirt joined to the grey skirt. I'm sick of trouble. Lift the covers if you want me and you'll see the rest of my clothes— though it would be cold laying with nothing on! P. M. (Looks sharply at the other who is laughing) What's so funny, huh? ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 7 She I won't work and I got no cash; what are you going to do about it?—and no jewelry—the crazy fools! But I've my two eyes and a smooth face and here's this, look! it's high! There's brains and blood in there! my name's Brobitza! (Pause. She looks up slyly as the officer makes a move as if to draw back the covers) Corsets can go to the devil and drawers along with them! What do I care. She laughs coarsely. The man is convulsed. P. M. (Disgusted) You ain't got no clothes on? Well, damn your soul. You old she devil! So that's your game. Well, I've got your two young men and—damn your soul! She (Laughing derisively) My two boys, they're keen! Let the rich lady care for them. They'll beat the school—or let them go to the gutter. That ends trouble. (She turns away) She (Returning to the attack while the two men confer) This house is empty, ain't it? Then it's mine, because I need it. ## Page 8 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS P. M. He Well, you can starve here if you want to, but the first time I catch you out of it. . . She Oh, I won't starve while there's the Bible to make them feed me. Try to help me if you want trouble or leave me alone, that ends trouble. P. M. (Turning away) You ought to been kept in jail while they had you there. She The County Physician is a damned fool and you can go to hell! You could have closed the door when you came in. Do it when you go out. I'm tired. (She turns away) The two men go out, the first fellow saying: "Well, good-bye Mrs. ." It grows swiftly darker. For a few minutes all is still. Then a large square patch of light—florescent green—flickers upon the wall over her bed—where the window was. A Voice (Soft and cooing) Elia Brobitza! She raises her head and listens. There is a tap, tap, tap somewhere outside. She Come in! ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 9 Silence. She lies down again. A Voice Elia Brobitza! She sits upright. She That ain't my name! The green light shines steadily now above her bed. The square opens and a young man in a glittering peasant costume leans in and looks at her. She (turning herself sidewise and looking up at him) Flavi! He Elia, sweetheart! Pause. She is huddled at the foot of her bed looking up at him. She Flavi! You! He (A little irritated) How long must I wait for you to ask me to come in? She Flavi! (Then to herself, as she hides her face) I am an old broken woman. Let them take me away— take me away. He jumps in through the window to the head of the bed, a a sack over his shoulder. As he comes in she cowers away from him. ## Page 10 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS He Perverse little fool, what sort of a prank is this? What! Must I go and fetch you! He draws her forward. At his touch her old clothes fall off, she straightens herself. She is in peasant's dress—and Young! Lights on full. He Elia Brobitza, my little sweetheart! She (after a radiant pause during which she fairly drinks him in) Flavi! She flings herself into his arms. She sobs and cries. She holds his face between her hand and kisses him again and again. She Flavi! Flavi! He My wild Elia! Just the silly little fool you have always been, with your tricks and pranks! She I remember! You went to the fair— but you did not come back— and they said. . . He Ho, ho! the fools. (He reaches for the bag) Elia, the things I saw; the crowds, the gifts to buy—and all so cheap—while your money lasts. (Untying the sack) Ha, fetch up a table and see what I have brought you. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 11 (She does so) Old and young, rich and poor, men, women and children—and girls, Elia; but not a girl there to equal my girl! (She laughs) He has opened the bag and drawn out a bouquet of big and gaudy paper flowers which he flings down on the table. She Oh! What are those! (Not daring to touch them) He (Paying little attention) Oh, those are nothing—just a few paper flowers I picked up and threw in on top of the rest at the last minute. She (Picking them up reverentially) Paper flowers! I never saw paper flowers! How beautiful! How wonderful! She holds and makes much of them all through his further talk, reverting to them time and time again. He (Drawing out a good-sized gilt mirror) Ah! The first is a looking glass in a gold frame for my pretty lover! She (Taking it) Oh! Ah! She sits at the table with the glass before her and studies her face eagerly. He And a spool of red ribbon! She Ah! ## Page 12 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS He And slippers to dance in and— stockings to go with them! Ha, ha! She (Attempting to snatch them) Flavi, no! He (Holding them away) Ha, ha! Silk stockings. (He gives them to her) Not one there with ankles like yours, Elia. Ha! and such a leg neither. (She attempts to stock his mouth with the stockings—he holds her wrists) And such a great one for kissing and love making. (She looks happily up at him) And such a shy one. She (Sitting again and picking up the flowers) Oh, not that alas, Flavi. He (Again digging into bag) Oh, the girls in that country were a brazen stupid lot. But here Elia is the wonder of wonders! A little silver clock that strikes the hours. She (After a pause and holding back her hands) No. I don't need a clock. He Don't be afraid of it, little country bumpkin. It won't bite you. She (Clinging to his arm) Put it away—over there. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 13 (He puts it at a far corner of the table) How pretty! How it ticks and shines! So strange to hear the time passing! He (Putting the bag aside) Well then I'll tell you the story, for I'm nearly bursting with it. Elia, I tell you, a fair eats up the cash. . . While he talks she puts the flowers in her hair, then takes them out again—using the looking glass. Finally she sits beside her lover, with arms spread out upon the table, her head lying side wise upon her arms and laughs up at him. He (Continuing) In a week, Elia, I was without a sou; stripped clean. Well, the end was, I met a fellow—as poor as I—and one rainy morning we sold ourselves for a month, the more fools we, to an old farmer-devil that owned a mill ten miles out in the fields and who lived there in one room above the mill with wife, baby and one grown daughter. . . She (Laughing) Always a girl in your stories, sweetheart. He Oh, was not I—worse luck! and besides—she was not such a girl as you are. Oh, no! But thick and coarse with such a voice and such hands! It was my friend that. . . She Your friend, oh yes, I know you. He Well, if you want to spoil my story. ## Page 14 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS She No Flavi, I want to hear it. He Well, his wife was not so old either. The blackguard must have got her out of school—or else he'd not have had her— by what I think. Well, we worked hard for a month for that sly thief— lifting his grain, lugging his cursed flour. But when we asked for our money at the end of the month. (Pause) He said we'd eaten up two-thirds of it for bed and board—and handed us the rest! The dirty crook, he was a man six feet tall and more—and had a murderous eye. She Poor, wretched boys. He Oh, that was not the end! But there we were, a Saturday night, it was, and what to do? We had no choice but to ask him if he'd put us up once more and sell us supper which he did. And that night we got him drunk—pale drunk. By God, our time had come! We all, women and all, had had our fill that night—at our expense. She And. . . He To bed we all went, in the one room, past mid-night, he snoring drunk beside his wife and by them stood the crib and further off the daughter in her bed. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 15 Here we—wide awake I tell you. And then it happened! My friend— Elia, what a fellow!—in spite of all that I could say—got up and crept in with the girl. Ha, ha! She Oh Flavi, no! He 1 I give you my word he did. And I left there alone not knowing what to do— like a silly fool. She laughs up at him happily. He So there I lay in that dark, snoring room thinking how he'd had his pay but I—what had I? And what to do? Till by and by I heard the miller's wife get up and go out. (He whispers to her, she laughs) Quietly I crept out of my bed, lifted the cradle from where it stood and lay there still. She laughs heartily. He Soon she came back stumbling in the dark. Soon her hand lights on the cradle, and without thinking any harm. . . She laughs. The clock begins to strike twelve. He stands up. She sits tense with attention. At the second stroke the light fades gradually to a dull red. At the third he says, "Elia!" at the sixth, "Good-bye!" ## Page 16 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS He throws over her shoulders the old dress, gathers up the clock and flowers, etc., takes up his sack and by the eleventh stroke, is gone. The green square of light shows dully for a moment. At twelve the red fades and a normal light begins to appear. She is seated at the table still tensely looking forward. Voice (Outside) Bring up that lantern. She relaxes and begins to chuckle, then to laugh quietly. She gets up and goes slowly into bed, an old woman. Three men enter with a lantern. She laughs loudly. Officer We'll see now whether you'll go with me, you old devil. (To the men) Pick up that bed! She (Laughing) Oh, you fools, you fools! She laughs again, chokes a little and her head drops forward. Officer (Going to look at her) My God, she's dead! ## OTHERS CARL SANDBURG Page 17 LONG GUNS Then came Oscar, the time of the guns. And there was no land for a man, no land for a country, Unless guns sprang up And spoke their language. The how of running the world was all in guns. The law of a God keeping sea and land apart, The law of a child sucking milk, The law of stars held together, They slept and worked in the heads of men Making twenty-mile guns, sixty-mile guns, Speaking their language Of no land for a man, no land for a country Unless. . .guns. . .unless. . .guns. There was a child wantd the moon shot off the sky, asking a long gun to get the moon, to conquer the insults of the moon, to conquer something, anything, to put it over and run up the flag, To show them the running of the world was all in guns. There was a child wanted the moon shot off the day. They dreamed. . in the time of the guns. . .of guns. ## Page 18 LEW R. SARETT OTHERS BEAT AGAINST ME NO LONGER A Chippewa Love Song Ai-yee! my Yellow-Bird-Woman, My né-ne—moosh, ai-yee! my Loved-One, Be not afraid of my eyes! Beat against me no longer; Come! Come with a yielding of limbs! Ai-yee! woman, woman, Trembling there in the teepee Like the doe in the season of rutting, Why foolishly fearest thou me? Beat against me no longer! Be not afraid of my eyes! Cast the strange doubts from thy bosom! Be not as the flat-breasted squaw-sich Who feels the first womanly yearnings And hides, by the law of our people, Alone three sleeps in the forest; Be not as that brooding young maiden Who wanders forlorn in the cedars, And slumbers with troubled dreams, To awaken suddenly, fearing The hot throbbing blood in her bosom, The strange eager life in her limbs. Ai-yee! foolish one, woman, Cast the strange fears from thy heart! Wash the red shame from thy face! Be not afraid of my glances! Be as the young silver birch In the Moon-of-the-Green-Growing-Grasses— Who sings with the thrill of the sap As it leaps to the south wind's caresses; Who yields her rain-swollen buds To the kiss of the sun with glad dancing. ## OTHERS LEW R. SARETT Page 19 Be as the cool tranquil moon Who flings off her silver-blue blanket To bare her white breast to the pine; Who walks through the many-eyed night In her gleaming white nudeness With proud eyes that will not look down. Be as the sun in her glory, Who dances across the blue day, And flings her red soul, fierce-burning, Into the arms of the twilight. Ai-yee! foolish one, woman, Be as the sun and the moon! Cast the strange doubts from thy bosom! Wash the red shame from thy face! Thou art a woman, a woman! Beat against me no longer! Be not afraid of my eyes! ## Page 20 FENTON JOHNSON OTHERS THE ARTIST It is a wonderful world that greets me. I can hear the music of a wild rose in June, riotous with the joy of living. I can hear the soft music of snowflakes falling in November. I remember the wind singing through the pines in Georgia, singing the songs my fathers chanted in the days of slavery. I remember magnolias dropping upon the grave of my grandmother, a pathetic melody. Sunlight, moonlight, dawn and dusk walk with me and talk with me, telling me strange tales of the jungle and the desert, of wild beasts and slave gangs, of kings and mighty warriors. In the dewdrop I see the eyes of a Pharaoh, angry at the desolation of his land by the hordes of Ethiopian warriors. In the mist I see the rise of a new Ethiopia, liberator of a world long stagnant. Who cares to hear my song of this wonderful world? Who cares? DREAMS What is so sweet to a man of Ethiopia as the golden brown arms of a woman he loves, caressing him in the night? What is so sweet to a man of Ethiopia as the honeyed words she whispers to him when the moonlight is falling on the bed? What is so sweet to a man of Ethiopia as the virgin cry of a dusk brown baby? Life is a Pandora box of dreams. ## OTHERS A. Y. WINTER Page 21 ROUND EYES We are not so lonely in the city when we glide down granite dusk and people flit, mothlike, about us with enquiring great round eyes. Should we touch them They would vanish, and leave us, two colossi, face to face with the smoke-red evening star. And yet I think I might be happier if I could reach out a subtle finger from my shell and crack through yours, or twine a finger like city smoke around the evening star, and hold the star to you, and touch you, see you shiver white without fading into some far doorway in the dusk, a tailored ghost. ## Page 22 EVELYN SCOTT OTHERS PENELOPE Grey old spinners, Weaving with the crafty fibres of your souls; Nothing else was given you But those impalpable threads. But you have bound the race, Grey old spinners. All the cruel, All the mad, All the foolish, And the beautiful, too: It all belongs to you Since the first time When you began to drop the filmy threads When the world was half asleep. Sometimes you are young girls; Sometimes there are roses in your hair. Buit I know you— Sitting back there in the hollow shadows of your wombs— Grey old spinners, Stranglers, With your silver spun mysteries. That was all that was given you To defend yourselves with, But now it is too late to go back. The crafty fibres of your souls Are woven in and out With the fibres of life. ## OTHERS EVELYN SCOTT Page 23 YOUNG MEN Fauns, Eternal pagans, Beautiful and obscene, Leaping through the street With a flicker of hoofs, And a flash of tails. You want dryads And they give you prostitutes, Young men. ## Page 24 JEANNE D'ORGE OTHERS THE PRAYER RUG It is made of silences— many colored silken threads— the purple of various deaths— red gold sacrifice— meditation—a delicate green stillness melting into blues of ecstacy. These are the back ground for one thread that follows the mystic outline of a cross— and in the centre wreathed seven red roses seven fires of silence. . . To pray is to stand upon these with naked feet breast bare to the sun and to sing. DEFEAT The pit is lined sharply with stones— My bones are broken too. . . This would be hard to bear if I had not plucked the feathers of dead dreams to pillow it. I shall not move for a long while— I am out with stars since that last encounter and I need no companions other than the strange slim shapes of laughter that come twisting out of tears and circling close to touch my wounds with rainbow breath. ## OTHERS HELEN HOYT Page 25 FOR YOU A TRANSIENT JOY For you a transient joy, For me, all of my years; For you eagerness, For me, fears. To you happy release, God's own zest; To me my sufferance, To me, unrest. The forgetfulness is yours, The hour's height; For me the keen knowledge Of nights beyond this night. Your moment's hunger I can a little share, But ever will you know My moment's terrible care? ## Page 26 DAPHNE CARR OTHERS STEEL TOWN Gray as with time and austere as the colonnades of a ruined temple stand the steel-mill chimneys at sundown. Curved knotted stems of fleurs de lys rise the gray smoke columns to blossom in blackening mist, While the trams course along the dull streets Flashing at intervals with bill-boards, While sooty Jews sell second-hand furniture And ladies go on buying laces, Till the little shop-girls flitter home Shivering under their cat-furs. Then red as Aurora, unchanging, glow the furnaces all night, and the clouds are like meadows of popples the wind waves over and flickers: Trip hammers thud in regular fall streams of white iron flow surely, While the good folk sleep in their beds, And the young folk kiss between dances, While newsies doze on cold doorways, Till the cinema screens cease to flicker, Till milkmen scuff on back porches. ## OTHERS DAPHNE CARR Page 27 Then gray as with time and austere as the colonnades of a ruined temple stand the steel-mill chimneys at sunrise, and curved like pale stems of iris rise the smoke-columns to blossom in soot-dripping mist. ## Page 28 BAXTER ALDEN OTHERS TO AN OLD KOREAN PAINTING AVALAKITESVARA, GODDESS OF COMPASSION Curves superimposed. Great curves. They shadow forth dim worlds unknown; One—green, A nameless hue— Sea-water shot with glancing flame, With trembling flame, That finds strange life and flings its shadows forth, Flings shadows upward Where they float and change. Curves superimposed. Great curves. A world of pink, But not as we to-day would call the tint; A memory of orchards, Of peach bloom ages gone, In sullen gardens by a sea grown sad; A fading tint, Upon some grave-shroud ancient Egypt wove, A fading tint, From some court beauty's scornful lips in death. Curves superimposed. Great curves. Against them—throned in proud repose, In Eastern splendor—Soul of Pity—Thou! Jade-mottled is the halo o'er thy head, A glorious, vital curve, Such as alone old Asia bent her brooding brows to draw. ## OTHERS BAXTER ALDEN Page 29 Around thee ages sweep and swirl— Curve covering curve— Vast, vague, and dim— An agony I feel them And delight. Curves superimposed. Great curves. And out beyond—the worlds— The clouds of space, Which sometimes sink their weight upon thine arms And call unto thine heart compassionate. Clouds purple hued, Crushed grapes, The blood distilled from ancient wounds of time; The vision of things Love would bear again, And bring to ripeness, Under suns of time. ## Page 30 WALLACE GOULD OTHERS SNOWS Last night I came alone across the January snows. I paused in the soundless midnight and looked upon the stars. The stars flashed. Millions of stars were flashing in the swarthy, boundless blue — millions of miles away, millions of miles apart — and nobody stood beside me, and nobody beneath the stars awaited my approach. I murmured — "I am glad that nobody stands at my elbow. I am glad that what I have wanted is buried in the snows. I am glad that all my clamorings are as quiet as the winds, I am glad that whom I have loved are as distant as the stars. Men bind themselves with their right hands, and, with their left hands, tug at the chords. Men huddle together like ants that they may roar like eagles. They are buried in the snows. They are as distant as the stars." ## OTHERS JUN FUJITA Page 31 SISTER Across the meadow The breeze is fragrant; In a tree a bird Disturbs the petals, But these tombstones are still and cold. It was a melodious afternoon; My sister With a flying pig-tail Chased a dragon-fly And laughed over nothing. Since then twelve years have gone, Again the spring has come; With tidings and gifts I came home Only to find this cold tombstone. The chirping of a bird Has died away. ## Page 32 ALFRED KREYMBORG OTHERS VISION You have yet to attain contemplation of a person without intervention of your own— and so, you have not beheld your own. You hold the glass, face to you, back to him— not having felt the earth hold its sea sky-ward, the sky hold its sun earth-ward. It needs but a twist of reflection to bring recognition around— but that needs the Titan-wrist pulse of the earthquake and pulse of the meteor of heredity and humility, whose child is self-annihilation. ## Of course not. The jackrabbits said so—the woodpeckers said so—many people in Chicago said so. A handful of us disagreed. And the result was that Lola Ridge, Conrad Aiken, Alfred Kreymborg and William Carlos Williams visited Chicago, addressed hundreds of people, made a great many friends and sold a lot of their books. Here are some of Chicago's reactions to Kreymborg: ". . . . a real troubadour. His images are vivid and highly decorative. His words are of the plainest, easily understood. He weaves no mysterious curtain; his is a gossamer, delicate, fragile, through which the joyous light may shine." And this in Chicago, whose motto in regard to artists always seems to have been: "You can't show me! " It can not be done in Chicago—no, nor anywhere else, unless a few real lovers of poetry get together and do it. You, whoever you are, may have a chance to do it next year. But, remember, it cannot be done, unless. . . . you do it. WILLIAM SAPHIER. Orrick Johns new book of poems, BLACK BRANCHES, containing his Three Plays in Chiaroscuro, The Songs of Deliverence, Tuning, Keysen, and Hedone, will soon appear. Get in line at your bookshop or send an order to The Other Press, 17 West 8th Street—not forgetting to enclose one dollar! ## ##