Others , made OTHERS THE OLD EXPRESSIONS ARE WITH US ALWAYS AND THERE ARE ALWAYS OTHERS February 1919 - - - - - 20c. a Copy TWO DOLLARS A YEAR ## Others for February 1919 A Play by — JOHNS; Poems by — SCOTT, HARTLEY, JOHNSON, AIKEN, MICHELSON, WILLIAMS; Prose by — BODENHEIM; Cover by — MARGUERITE ZORACH; Back Cover, WILLIAM ZORACH. VOL V. Copyright 1919 by Alfred Kreymborg No. 3 Editor, Alfred Kreymborg Associate Editors Lola Ridge, William Saphier, Orrick Johns, Dorothy Kreymborg Art Editor, William Zorach Headquarters: NewYork,The Washington Sq. Bookshop, 17 W. 8th St. Chicago, The Radical Book Shop, 867 N. Clark Street St. Louis, 5696 Kingsbury Place ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 1 SHADOW A Play In One Act The three old sisters are faded and exquisite. The first sister, with a palette and brush, stands before an easel, Th second sister lies motionless on a couch, draped over with gray. The third sister is seated on a wide chair behind the couch. Her hands are folded in her lap. Behind the three sisters rises a very large, broad window. Beyond is a garden, indistinct in the still dusk. The Third Sister My hands I have folded and refolded for forty years.... My heart sings because it has no gestures. The First Sister We who have had this window know what it is to look with the eyes, hear with the ears, accept with the brain. The Third Sister We who have had these walls know what it is seeing, to be blind. . . . hearing, to be deaf. . . . accepting, to be dumb. ## Page 2 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Second Sister I have baked five thousand and thirty-loaves of bread. (They pause for her to continue, and then—) The Third Sister That which we are not unproved in the meditation of, we dare not discuss in the intrusion of this inquisitive window. The First Sister I have been with abounding grace those things that are called: aunt, cousin, . grand aunt, daughter, grand daughter, niece, and sister. . . . I shall curtsey unto the first Father, and say: "dear relative! " The Third Sister Our property is in things that do not cry with pain, and are not silent through joy. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 3 The First Sister It is conceivable for many to think that it is because no one required it of us. . . . when in reality it has happened that we required it of no one. The Third Sister If the will alone is a scholar the histories of others is written upon me. The First Sister I have seen twelve magnificent cats male and female die without a moan. The Third Sister It is no small thing to have escaped many absurdities. The Second Sister The table must be moved from the wall before winter. ... ## Page 4 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The First Sister (After a long pause, to Third Sister) I have heard your feet, Sister, passing my door like poems in the dark. The Third Sister There are terrors in the presence of which we are fearless. The First Sister The sorrow that is long and comes slowly, is no sorrow at the last. . . . It has dropped its miracles, as it grew heavy with indolence. The Third Sister Once I came in the night to break this window.... But I awoke. I did not dare after all to let the dark in. The First Sister It was that time, Sister, that your feet sounded like poems. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 5 The Third Sister Do you think that for some merciless whim, we dressed for the ball too early? The First Sister There is a beauty that knows.... and a beauty that does not know. The Third Sister My thoughts of other times visit me like ambassadors, grown old. The Second Sister Have you had the gardener kill the worms in the peaches? The First Sister (To the Second Sister) The table has already been moved, Sister, for the winter. The Second Sister You have not yet opened the window. . . . It is pressing inward. . . . I have noticed it more and more each year. ## Page 6 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The First Sister There is no window. . . . only the unaccustomedness to space The Third Sister Space is a tiny bubble growing in my brain. The First Sister To the keepers of the potential it is enjoined to be responsible, considerate, comely. . . . Should any of those whom I have imprisoned go forth, they will be observant of these qualities. The Third Sister One grooms the hair as though in the presence of many waiting to be heard. The Second Sister Why am I strong now when I cannot stir? ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 7 The First Sister (After a pause, to Third Sister) Our mother left us quickly babbling of our wickedness.... she could never wait for our father. The Third Sister Is it strange that I did not know our father? The First Sister Pie was much away occupied, as he was, with his double property Honour and Patience. The Third Sister That I would remember, knowing how I grew. . . . but I am no longer afraid of the mirrors of my reality, though I tremble sometimes standing in powerful darkness. The First Sister Neither the flames of the sun nor the black snows of the night are hospitable to us. ## Page 8 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Third Sister There are persons who take an interest in stories.... Do you believe there are stories? The First Sister I have memorized the writings of men. . . . I prefer the long, active silence of lamps. The Third Sister My nieces always knew the gifts I had chosen for them. . . . I attached great importance to these matters. The First Sister A child is appetite unclouded by design. The Third Sister A child munches without discrimination the bread of our agony and of our peace. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 9 The First Sister There is a notoriety of barrenness, nevertheless, unknown to multiples. The Third Sister . . . .bearing its heraldry of race in the very absence of testimony. The First Sister The treasures of denial survive like empty chalices in alluvia. The Third Sister How can one be certain whether the greatness of desire is not also a barred door? The First Sister I fled once crying from the colors I had laid on my canvas. The Third Sister I have awakened frightened from the immensity of a vagrant dream. ## Page 10 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The First Sister The reticences of refusal are naked as autumn branches. (She lays down her palette, elaborately. . . .and, passing across to a small table, speaks—) It is the time. The Third Sister (With interest only languid) It is too soon. The First Sister (returning toward the couch with a small wine-glass, filled, she leans over the head reclining there, and quickly draws bach) It is.... too late. The Third Sister (She rises. . . .she is agitated, somewhat at first as a birch may be agitated, by a evening wind. She looks with a certain helpless concern upon the stillness that has come over the form upon the couch. . . .this concern translates itself into a formal sinking upon her knees beside it, a final childish surrender to tenderness as she presses over it, hiding her troubled face among the stillness. After a time she looks up to see the even profile of the First Sister, turned away from her, from the face beneath hers, showing thought that is too far within or too far without to be involved at once in what has happened. The Third ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 11 Sister rises as she speaks.) When she was ill I went away with her. I was not then as little younger than she as now. . . . And you .... did not return. The First Sister (Her even bearing, incapable of a note awry, is reflected in a voice cold and smooth.) When at last I came, You could not go. . . . It would not have been permissable that we had not loved her. The Third Sister It. . . .would not have been permissable. ...? The First Sister that we had not loved her. . . . The Third Sister (Finding in the aesthetic a refuge.) She is beautiful now. . . .as thistledown. Have you looked again? The First Sister What can the eyes say of that upon which they have worn keen? ## Page 12 ORRICK JOHNS OTHERS The Third Sister We did not love her? The First Sister I have painted men and women as one would paint oranges one was forbidden to taste. . . . Her colors were imperceptible in the screen of my emotion. The Third Sister (She comes around the couch, drawing closer to the First Sister, shaken by some new inexorable solitude.) I shall tremble. . . . I shall be too weary. . . . I shall scarcely stand. . . . The First Sister (Something has touched her voice, her face too, her less rigid figure—some instinct of the gregarious.) You.... loved her? The Third Sister A negation made her the companion of my humility. The First Sister We.... loved her? The Third Sister Our lives loved her. ## OTHERS ORRICK JOHNS Page 13 The First Sister Death. . . .centers the divergent shadows in a spot of light. The Third Sister Illumination was not willingly her discovery as it was with us.... you remember? The First Sister Hush. . . . Remembrance has foregone the dissolute pastime of speaking loudly. The Third Sister (The room perhaps has been lightened. Or a last ray of the sun has somehow found her face. Her voice is eager.) It is less difficult for two to hear, than for three. The First Sister It is less distant for two to return than for three. The Third Sister Sister! The First Sister Sister! (They put out both hands. The curtain hides them.) ## Page 14 EVELYN SCOTT OTHERS WOMEN Like crystal columns, When they bend, they crack; Brittle souls, Conforming, yet not conforming— Mirrors. Masculine souls Pass across the mirrors: Rich colors, shadows, musk, Shapes, Silver and grey subtleties, Showers of pink pearls, Swish and flutter of satin draperies, Deep orange, pale yellow, rose color, white, Petals of hundreds of flowers, Roses, roses, Rich red shadows, Wreathing like clouds, Smoke, dusted over with snow, Grey violets, Whirling, gliding ecstasies— Retreating, retreating, Dimly, dimly, Like dreams fading across the mirror. Then the mirror, Stark and brilliant in the sunshine, Blank as the desert, Blank as the sphinx, ## OTHERS EVELYN SCOTT Page 15 Winking golden eyes in the twinkles of light, Silent, immutable, vacuous infinity, Illimitable capacity for absorption, Absorbing nothing. Have the shapes and the shadows Been swallowed up in your recesses without depth, You drinkers of life, Twinkling maliciously Your golden yellow eyes, Mirrors winking in the sunshine? YOUNG GIRLS You also love smell of leaves, Keen wind, And golden sunshine Through green valleys: But they are not for you. Your souls are like wet flowers, Bathed in kisses and blood. All you know Is to burn, tremble, and yearn: Golden Clyties, The wheel of light Rushes over your breasts. ##  Page 16  MARSDEN HARTLEY OTHERS SCARAMOUCHE Was she quaint, was she a fancy, was she virile? These are the questions little Mouchie asked me About her, the little white whisperer To the chaptering gates of heaven. How the secrets of many a luscious moment Clambered up the still traceries of her cool throat And plunged like slim frogs into the autumn pools For their winter's hiding, into the very wells of her eyes. Elaine! Elaine! cried little Mouchie, With his long tail curled about my forefinger And his most exquisite hands with their long nails Of the brownest beauty, impeccable, shy, and then aggressive— Those little handsomest of ivories, hiding in the dark Among the dead autumn leaves covering his ribs. Elaine! That was the whisper upon the lips Of Scaramouche as he sat upon his chair, Munching a muscat grape, and whining, And reaching out his long fingers tipped with sighing ivory. Why doesn't she come, she with the pallid forehead, And the coils of impenetrable brown hair? Why does she not come, and whisper me Of the cold deaths of little laughters born too soon, Laughters overtaken by a rakish winter wind? Elaine! Elaine! And little Mouchie wept, And was anguished, Pitifully. ## OTHERS FENTON JOHNSON Page 17 AUNT HANNAH JACKSON Despite her sixty years Aunt Hannah Jackson rubs on other people's clothes. Time has played havoc with her eyes and turned to gray her parched hair. But her tongue is nimble as she talks to herself. All day she talks to herself about her neighbors and her friends and the man she loved. Yes, Aunt Hannah Jackson loved even as you and I and Wun Hop Sing. "He was a good man," she says, "But a Fool." "So am I a fool and Mrs. Lee a fool and this Mrs. Goldstein that I work for a fool." "All of us are fools." For rubbing on other people's clothes Aunt Hannah Jackson gets a dollar and fifty cents a day and a worn out dress on Christmas. For talking to herself Aunt Hannah Jackson gets a smile as we call her a good natured fool AUNT JANE ALLEN State Street is lonely to-day. Aunt Jane Allen has driven her chariot to Heaven. I remember how she hobbled along, a little woman, parched of skin, brown as the leather of a satchel and with eyes that had scanned eighty years of life. Have those who bore her dust to the last resting place buried with her the basket of aprons she went up and down State Street trying to sell? Have those who bore her dust to the last resting place buried with her the gentle word Son that she gave to each of the seed of Ethiopia? ## Page 18 FENTON JOHNSON OTHERS THE GAMBLER I am a gambler. Golden are my teeth. My head is shining like a cabaret floor and my hands are gleaming with stones from the mines of Kimberly. I am the house. Who dares defeat the house? Good friend, throw the dice! I live by chance and chance rewards me well. THE BARBER I wield the razor, sling hot towels and talk. My daily newspaper is the racing chart and my pastime making bets on fleet-footed horses. Whatever is left from betting I divide with my wife and a yellow woman who lives in an apartment on Wabash Avenue. (Poor Wife! She gets very little.) I love gay clothes, a good supply of Fatimas and the fire in gin and whiskey. I love life. Who doesn't? THE DRUNKARD I had a wife, but she is gone. She left me a week ago. God bless her! I married another in the rear of Mike's saloon. It was a gallon jug of the reddest liquor that ever burned the throat of man. I will be true to my new wife. You can have the other. ## OTHERS CONRAD AIKEN Page 19 PORTRAIT OF ONE DEAD This is her house. On one side there is darkness, On one side there is light. Into the darkness you may lift your lanterns— O, any number—it will still be night. And there are echoing stairs to lead you downward To long sonorous halls. And here is spring forever at these windows, With roses on the walls. This is her room. On one side there is music— On one side not a sound. At one step she could move from love to silence, Feel myriad darkness coiling round. And here are balconies from which she heard you, Your steady footstep on the stair. And here the glass in which she saw your shadow As she unbound her hair. Here is the room—with ghostly walls dissolving— The twilight room in which she called you 'lover'; And the floorless room in which she called you 'friend'. So many times, in doubt, she ran between them!— Through windy corridors of darkening end. Here she could stand with one dim light above her And hear far music, like a sea in caverns, Beating away at hollowed walls of stone. And here, in a roofless room when it was raining, She bore the patient sorrow of rain alone. ## Page 20 CONRAD AIKEN OTHERS Your words were walls which suddenly froze around her. Your words were windows—large enough for moonlight, Too small to let her through. Your letters—fragrant cloisters faint with music. The music that assuaged her there was you. How many times she heard your step ascending Yet never saw your face! She heard them turn again, ring slowly fainter, Till silence swept the place. Why had you gone? . . The door, perhaps, mistaken. . . You would go elsewhere. The deep walls were shaken. A certain rose-leaf—sent without intention— Bcame, with time, a woven web of fire— She wore it, and was warm. A certain hurried glance, let fall at parting, Became, with time, a woven web of fire— Yet there was nothing asked, no hint to tell you Of secret idols carved in secret chambers From all you did and said. Nothing was done, until at last she knew you. Nothing was known till somehow she was dead. How did she die?—You say she died of poison. Simple and swift. And much to be regretted. You did not see her pass So many thousand times from light to darkness, Pausing so many times before her glass; ## OTHERS CONRAD AIKEN Page 21 You did not see how many times she hurried To lean from certain windows, vainly hoping, Passionate still for beauty, remembered spring. You did not know how long she clung to music, You did not hear her sing. Did she, then, make her choice, and step out bravely From sound to silence—close, herself, those windows? Or was it true, instead, That darkness moved,—for once,—and so possessed her? . . . . We'll never know, you say, for she is dead. ## Page 22 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS ROMANCE MODERNE Tracks of rain and light linger in the spongy greens of a nature whose flickering mountain—bulging nearer, ebbing back into the sun hollowing itself away to hold a lake,— or brown stream rising and falling at the roadside, turning about, churning itself white, drawing green in over it,—plunging glassy funnels fall— And—the other world— the windshield a blunt barrier: Talk to me. Sh! they would hear us. —The backs of their heads facing us— The stream continues its motion of a hound running over rough ground. Huge sliding surfaces clatter by. Trees vanish—reappear—vanish: detached dance of gnomes—as a talk dodging remarks, glows and fades. —The unseen power of words— And now that a few of the moves are clear the first desire is to fling oneself out at the side into the other dance, to other music. Peer Gynt. Rip Van Winkle. Diana. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 23 If I were young I would try a new alignment— alight nimbly from the car, Good-bye!— Childhood companions linked two and two criss-cross: four, three, two, one. Back into self, tentacles withdrawn. Peel about in warm self-flesh. Since childhood, since childhood! Childhood is a toad in the garden, a happy toad. All toads are happy and belong in gardens. A toad to Diana! Lean forward. Punch the steersman behind the ear. Twirl the wheel! Over the edge! Screams! Crash! The end. I sit above my head— a little removed—or a thin wash of rain on the roadway —I am never afraid when he is driving,— interposes new direction, rides us sidewise, unforseen into the ditch! All threads cut! Death! Black. The end. The very end— I would sit separate weighing a small red handful: the dirt of these parts. sliding mists sheeting the alders against the touch of fingers creeping to mine. All stuff of the blind emotions. But—stirred, the eye seizes for the first time—The eye awake!— ## Page 24 WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS OTHERS anything, a dirt bank with green stars of scrawny weed flattened upon it under a weight of air—For the first time!— or a yawning depth: Big! Swim around in it, through it— all directions and find vitreous seawater stuff— God how I love you!—or, as I say, a plunge into the ditch. The end. I sit examining my red handful. Balancing —this—in and out—agh. Love you? It's a fire in the blood, willy-nilly! It's the sun coming up in the morning. Ha, but it's the grey moon too, already up in the morning. You are slow. Men are not friends where it concerns a woman? Fighters. Playfellows. White round thighs! Youth! Sighs—! It's the fillip of novelty. It's— Mountains. Elephants humping along against the sky—indifferent to light withdrawing its tattered shreds, worn out with embraces. It's the fillip of novelty. It's a fire in the blood. ## OTHERS WILLIAM CARLOS WILLIAMS Page 25 Oh get a flannel shirt, white flannel or pongee. You'd look so well! I married you because I liked your nose. I wanted you! I wanted you in spite of all they'd say— Rain and light, mountain and rain, rain and river. Will you love me always? —A car overturned and two crushed bodies under it.—Always! Always! And the white moon already up. White. Clean. All the colors. A good head, backed by the eye—awake! backed by the emotions—blind— River and mountain, light and rain—or rain, rock, light, trees—divided: rain-light counter rocks-trees or trees counter rain-light-rocks or— Myriads of counter processions crossing and recrossing, regaining the advantage, buying here, selling there —You are sold cheap everywhere in town!— lingering, touching fingers, withdrawing gathering forces into blares, hummocks, peaks and rivers—river meeting rock —I wish that you were lying there dead and I sitting here beside you.— It's the grey moon—over and over. It's the clay of these parts. ## Page 26 MAXWELL BODENHEIM OTHERS PROFESSIONAL ICONOCLASTS Men swing bayonets into each other, suddenly whisk away mountains by rebelling, nibble at philosophies and acquire rainbows of indigestion, solemnly decree that the moon shall not shine, and then lower their window-shades, to sit amidst the achievement of their decree. If one lingers on these conflicting parts they merge to an impersonally drunken composite stumbling from some mysterious roadside inn. The inn never advertises and certain essayists seek to make up for this deficiency by weaving descriptions and directions into compactly bold manifestos. The jovially reassuring members of these manifestos one takes for granted and passes on, but the firmly grewsome volumes in which the hidden inn comes forth as a definite scarecrow, are more alluring to comment. The following quotations are from a recent article of the kind just mentioned, written by Wyndham Lewis. "The iconoclast is more devout than the priest, who is merely a follower." "All our systems are finished and dead systems, and all our laws and logics are human and arbitrary, being but the products of lazy men infatuated with idleness." "The King of the Show is not a Person or Being, but an Ever-Present Menace, resulting from the fact that Life has not alone Death for neighbor, but an infinity of other neighbors as well, whom we may crush, suppress and enslave, but who may one day rise in revolt against us, rush in upon us, and destroy us." ## OTHERS MAXWELL BODENHEIM Page 27 It has not occurred to this writer that the so-called iconoclast may be merely a self-made priest bowing to a violence as arbitrary as the actual priest's Heaven and Hell. The latter drones his reiteration of long-existing faiths because, granting that his is a sincere fanaticism, he prefers" the compensation of unfailing obedience to the equal gift of blithe conjecturer. And, through visioning himself erect amidst ruins which he has created, the professed iconoclast shapes his pleasing and more alert dream. Both men draw from different sources an intangible comfort without which they would collapse. In beginning this comparison I used the phrase "so-called iconoclasts." The genuine iconoclast smiles at the futility of proclaiming himself and does not take seriously his instinctive reaction against prevailing conventions, customs and dogmas. He feels no craving toward an eager display of his posture; in the present century he probably sits in his room, smoking a friendly pipe, and in his creations, if he is an artist, or otherwise in his intimate speech, covers the mystery of life and its droll guardian-wall of laws, with imaginative colors or lightly satirical conjecture. He is neither a fanatic or a "devout iconoclast." Instead of slaying the mystery and its intervening wall with a more definite counterfeit, or sweetly destroying them with an intense creed, he often wearily pretends to accept them. At other times he is a preacher among men, but not because he seriously longs to dent the existing order, or because his vanity demands a destructive outlet. He merely craves action and allows himself to be ruled by the enticement of the ## Page 28 MAXWELL BODENHEIM OTHERS seemingly impossible: to make men attain a greater equality of material possessions or to lure them into disregarding any attempt to chain or solve life. The ludicrous difficulty of these tasks in itself can become a compelling stimulus. He has never been the leader, the professional iconoclast and priest matching each other's thunders, yet he has formed the rank and file of all revolts, swept on by a light indifference toward death or existing laws. "The iconoclast is more devout than the priest, who is merely a follower," writes the professional iconoclast, adroitly defending his gesture. "All our systems are finished and dead systems, and all our laws and logics are human and arbitrary, being but the products of lazy men infatuated with idleness," he continues. But he does not stop here. He goes on to parade his own equally human and arbitrary substitute for the situation he has visualized, moved by the infatuation of proclaimed violence, into creating a fixed panacea. And this panacea, if eventually accepted by a majority, degenerates into that very facile reiteration originally thundered against. When the professional iconoclast leaves men and their status and confronts the hidden inn from which the impersonal clutter of man lurches, he cannot shrug his shoulders, he must fashion "an Ever-Present Menace"—a real mystery in place of the shadowy field of conjecture actually facing him. So, in his hands, the bland shadows are altered to a tangible terror. And with the aid of the priest they are changed to a tangible blessing. Voila! Their throne is won! ## Announcement EARLY in the spring. The Other Press will issue Orrick Johns' new book of poems, Black Branches. It contains his Three Plays In Chiaroscuro (Shadow, Eclipse and Lumiere), recently produced by that intrepid enterprise, The St. Louis Players; the now famous sequence, Songs of Deliverance; a group of whimsies, Tunings; a frieze of prose rhythms, Kysen; and a set of rhymed free-verse pieces, Hedone. Black Branches may be ordered at your bookshop or through The Other Press, 17 West 8th Street, New York City. The Price is One Dollar. ## The Practical Press 7 East 14th Street, N.Y.