The Egoist , made Published the 1st and 15th of each month. The egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW. Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN. No. 20.—Vol. I. THURSDAY, OCTOBER 15th, 1914. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAYER. Assistant Editor : RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Ed it or : DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS. Liberations : Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music. By Leigh Henry......... 381 Views and Comments. By Dora Marsden ............ 384 The Songs of Maldoror. By the Comte de Lautréamont ... ... 385 Charles Péguy and His Work. By Richard Aldington ... ... 380 Odilon Redon. By Madame Ciolkowska ... ... ... ... 383 " On the Imbecility op the Rich." By Bastien von Helmholtz ... 389 Those American Publications. By Baptiste von Helmholtz ... 390 Some Chinese Manners and Customs. By F. T. S....... 391 Don Juan. From the German of Peter Altenberg ......... 393 Fighting Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska... ... ... ... 395 The Egoists. By Witter Bynner... 398 Correspondence ......... 398 LIBERATIONS: STUDIES OF INDIVIDUALITY IN CONTEMPORARY MUSIC. By Leigh Henry. VIII.—Frederick Delius and the Retention of Intuitive Sensibility. IF a composer be judged chronologically, that is, as a contemporary of the generation in which he made his first appearance—then Frederick Delius (born at Bradford, 1863) cannot be justly numbered among the advance guard of contemporary music. But by reason of the highly evolved qualities of thought and expression evinced in his work, he must be accounted as among the pioneers of liberated musical creation, his conceptions being fully abreast of the most expressive spirit of the present, while diametrically opposed to the sentimentality, artificiality and vulgar realism produced by Romanticism and Wagnerian conceptions which were prevalent at the time of his advent. Proceeding from a nature extremely sensitive and responsive to the most subtle influences and suggestions, there is in his music no submersion of individuality. Throughout his writings, from the earliest works onward, is discernable a superaction of strong personal feeling on even the most powerful extraneous impressions which grows more pronounced with every new work in proportion to the wider range of forces with which his ever-expanding consciousness is brought into contact. From this concentration springs naturally a delicate strain of reflective thought, which, entering into and permeating his art, entirely excludes the type of unintelligent sensuality which generally prevails in emotional music. Nor is this mental element marred by any esoteric affectation or abstract tendency. Emanating directly from an acute realisation of emotional forces, combined with a swift and penetrative perception of their action and interaction on his mental personality, the thought of the composer is expressed with an intimacy of musical utterance which, while emphasising its individual nature, gives to it a broad, human appeal. This delicate balance between emotion and intellect is an unfailing characteristic of Delius, being maintained consistently throughout his work. Feeling and thought are seemingly inseparable to him, forming the essential and equal halves of artistic creation. Nor is it possible in his compositions to define exactly the limits of each, both mental and sensatory elements being fused into an indivisible whole. In contradistinction to many modern composers who interpret their sensations by a discernable process of psychological analysis, Delius, apparently apprehends the significance of emotions intuitively, experiencing moods and sensations and translating them instantaneously and simultaneously into a subtle musical phraseology which completely reveals and illuminates their intellectual force. But while produced from such highly sensitive sources, his music is never sensational, being endowed with a natural lyricism of expression which is purely spiritual in effect though essentially human in conception. A direct connection with reality is always maintained, though realism is consistently repudiated together with everything approaching prolix detail. With instinctive comprehension Delius penetrates beneath psychological complexities to their fundamental causes and presents them reduced to their bare essentials. Above all, he is never imitative or reconstructive. His mental vision is entirely untrammelled by conventional or sentimental associations, while, at the same time, he possesses an inherent capacity for discerning subtle analogies and correspondences between seemingly unrelated elements and factors. Hence emotions and sensations come to him with untainted freshness, and are rendered again with a frank naïveté of thought which transcends ordinary musical comment, and which, by its originality of interpretation, presents them under such absolutely novel aspects that they are in a sense recreated. It is this virginity of expression which above all else distinguishes the music of Delius. By him, perhaps, more than any other composer, may be claimed the realisation of Guyan's artistic ideal: truly "Il s'agit de retrouver, par la force de la pensée réfléchie, l'inconsciente naïveté de l'enfant. It naturally follows that the possession of such an extraordinary temperament is productive of an unusual selection of themes. But while unconventional his choice is never eccentric, nor is his technique at all marked by conscious mannerisms. Independent in form and absolutely free from affectation, exaggeration or rhetoric, his music is expressed in concise imagery and with a directness of utterance which renders each work an epitome of force and clarity. His first catalogued work is a Legend for violin, with orchestral accompaniment, composed 1892, and first produced at a concert in London, 1899. The score still exists in manuscript, but is unpublished. His second listed composition, composed 1893, a Fantasy Overture for grand orchestra entitled "Over the Hills and Far Away," though ostensibly the impression of his native Wolds, is curiously significant when  considered in connection with his characteristic mental tendencies. In this work is evoked an image of the restlessness which the monotony of conventional thought provokes in the individual consciousness. "Once upon a time," of the fairy tales, "Long ago in Greece," of the legends, "Over the Hills and Far Away "—these are but terms with a common significance indicating, not a determinate place or period, but the visionary conception created by a desire for adventure, by a spirit of rebellion against the commonplace. "Over the Hills and Far Away" is the country of spiritual possibilities, the presence of which we discern over all uncrossed ridges, beyond all horizons, round all unturned corners, and in the scent which drifts over unsurmountable garden-walls and impenetrable hedges. Delius in his Fantasy Overture interprets this elusive theme with the utmost intimacy, enhancing it with the memory of early associations and the glamour of first aspirations. The Concerto for Pianoforte in C minor, with orchestral accompaniment, written 1897, differs in many ways from the general character of Delius' work. Produced, presumably, by the mental experiences of the intervening years, it is less subjective than the work which precedes it. the purely personal idiom of the composer being modified by the somewhat: obtrusive presence of foreign influences. But though obviously reminiscent in certain passages it evinces considerable originality when viewed in comparison with other works of the same period, and may be defined as an extension of the thoughtful trend exhibited in certain works by Grieg, to which in conception and treatment it approximates. Though more formal and objective than the majority of Delius' compositions, the mental and emotional elements underlying the music are unobscured by technical artifice or sensational effect. The part for the solo instrument, which in works of this type is generally disproportionate, is treated with extreme care, and is not permitted to disturb the balance of the general scheme. The Norwegian Suite for grand orchestra, composed 1897, is remarkable in that it reveals a humorous vein of thought unexpected in a temperament so subjective as that of Delius, but perfectly consistent with the strong human sympathies evident in all his work. A concert arrangement of the incidental music written by Delius for Heiberg's satirical drama "Folkeraadet," its thematic material is modelled on Norwegian national idioms (including a caricature of the Norwegian National Anthem), which, treated with exaggerated bombast and sentimental fervour, are made the medium for a delicate sarcasm which is in no way cynical, being merely directed against the thoughtless mass emotion which generally underlies patriotic expression. The first performance of this music in Christiania aroused a storm of violent protest. Stung to exasperation by the combined irony of play and music an angry member of the audience discharged a revolver at the composer, but fortunately missed his object. The music drama Koanga, written 1896-7, is founded on a theme taken from the life of the mid-American negroes, and is remarkable for its atmospheric painting. The Dance of Life, a tone poem, written 1898, is the initial expression of the composer's rhythmic consciousness, not in the technical sense, but in its relationship to the dynamic movements of life. Both these works are unpublished. The latter is, however, very significant when taken in relation to the spirit of the composition which immediately succeeds it. Paris : the Song of a Great City, a nocturne for grand orchestra, composed 1890, marks a fresh stage in the evolution of Delius' musical thought. His earlier writing is obsessed by a mental trend which is almost entirely insular, being produced, not by comprehensive feeling, but by an absorption in subjective moods. In this work Delius attains a broader sensibility and a wider intellectual consciousness. Intersected by passionate currents of emotion and vibrating with concentrated vitality, the music is imbued with an intensely human sympathy. But the kaleidoscopic effects of light, colour and movement with which the work abounds are treated subtly and evocatively as intellectual mediums, not in a realistic fashion. Thus there is no confusion of images, no diffuseness, no irrelevant detail. The forces of life are expressed in their broad analogies as discerned from, a comprehensive and individual standpoint. While the feeling expressed emanates, quite evidently, from the realisation of general forces awakened by the multiple, pulsing life of a modern capital, the personal thought of the composer remains distinct, undominated by the group sensations which it interprets. In the music drama, A Village Romeo and Juliet, after the novel "Romeo und Julie auf dem Dorf," by Gottfried Keller, composed 1900-2, Delius' interpretative quality of thought is markedly apparent. Taking for his text a work which is full of intense and fundamental emotions, Delius makes no attempt to express these forces in their dynamic aspects, while avoiding equally the accumulation of tedious emotional data which encumbers the average psychological work and obscures its direct appeal. No exploitation of analytical dexterity, no working up of theatrical effects can be discerned. Unobscured by rhetoric or vague symbolism the music concentrated in the clear human types of the dramatic text, reveals its underlying impulses by a series of intuitive flashes and interprets their significance with an unshrinking intimacy of thought. In this instinctive penetration and concise presentation of emotional impressions Delius surpasses all the dramatic composers preceding him. He can make a single phrase more eloquent and lucid than a whole act of Wagnerian opera. In Margot la Rouge : a Night in Paris, a music tragedy in one act, composed 1902, Delius directs his intuitive sensibilities into more complex channels. The text by Rosenval deals with the lower Bohemian life of Paris. Here we once more come into touch with the forces of a great city. But whereas "Paris" deals with the mass emotions in the cumulative effects of modern life, here one obtains them in their concentrated aspects. Appalachia—Variations on an Old Slave Song, for grand orchestra and final chorus, composed 1903—though nominally based on a negro-song of the southern states, is more truly the record of a realisation of mental and spiritual sensibilities which became active during the early years spent by the composer as an orange planter in Florida. Here, as explained by the composer in a forenote, one has a mental subtilisation of the primitive energy underlying the negro songs and dances. Though somewhat deliberate and retrospective in character, the original impressions from which the music springs, being reviewed from a subsequent meditative standpoint, the dominant quality of thought in no way mitigates the freshness of the impressions presented. Here, as in all his work, the strong personal feeling of Delius prevents him from drifting into abstractions. The concentrated moods underlying the music are in direct association with life, being produced by the emotional force of luxuriant vegetation, colour, fragrance, and atmosphere of a tropical environment combined with the crude force of primitive peoples. Sea Drift, a symphonic poem for baritone solo, chorus, and orchestra, composed 1904, proceeds from possibly more elemental sources. Dominated by an urgency of impulses this work expresses an intense self-realisation. Some sentences of D. H. Lawrence in reference to certain modern poems seem to apply equally to this work. Every page of the score, mood, and music "is tinged with a love of the marvellous, a joy in natural things." Here we come into communion with a delight absolutely severed from associations; a spiritual ecstasy in sensations as spontaneous as "a child for the first time on the sea-shore finding treasures." Direct and intuitive in apprehension the spiritual impetus obtained from material objects and their consequent sensations is expressed with absolute naïveté. In the broad, sombre mood of the orchestral introduction in which, notwithstanding its melancholy there is nothing strained or morbid, and more particularly in the wistful, hushed music with which the chorus makes its first entry, the ecstatic feeling which dominates the work becomes evident. "Once Pawmanok, when the lilac was in bloom"—suddenly one feels that strange throat-gripping sensation which comes even before the budding of leaves with the smell of damp spring mould after the early showers. "And Fifth Month grass was growing"— a sudden upward sweep of the music and the mood has become definite, directly associated with material presences inexplicably green and fresh. The whole influence is that of correspondences, the evocative effect of environment. From this point onward to the contracted emotion of the final solo utterance "We two together no more" and the solemnly reiterated "Night" of the concluding chorus, the music deepens in spirit, growing continually more concentrated. The divisions between feeling and expression, emotion and thought, become indiscernible. In this thrilling music, at times so intimate and elemental as to be scarcely articulate, one recognises a new form of dramatic art, an unprecedented use of musical speech. In the tone poem A Mass of Life, for soli, chorus, and orchestra (text from "Thus Spake Zarathustra," by Friedrich Nietzsche), composed 1905, the spiritual impressions assimilated in the earlier rhythmic works receive an even more pronounced personal impetus. In this work the homocentric image is insistently dominant. Sensatory influences are viewed, not in the light of their immediate appeal, but in their wider aspects, as indications of general forces concentrating on the human intellect; elements which it is necessary to subordinate to directive intelligence and govern by the individual impulse. Here, again, the composer's intuitive perception obtains. Analogies and correspondences are not investigated laboriously, but are deduced by a kind of spiritual telepathy. The musical treatment is extremely characteristic, full of broadly defined contrasts, rhythmic and chromatic; all minor details are negatived, the dramatic result being obtained by cumulative effect. Yet there is nothing sensational in the music. The broad impressions presented are entirely intellectual in conception and their appeal is essentially imaginative. Brigg Fair, an English Rhapsody for grand orchestra, composed 1907, is based musically on a Lincolnshire folk-song (collected in 1905 by W. P. Merrick from the singing of a countryside vocalist with the aid of a phonograph), the opening verses of which are intended to describe the sensations of a rustic lover as he journeys on a summer morning, "Er th' weather fine an' fair," to meet his mistress at a country festival. Reducing the crude sentimentality of the text to a series of clear images, Delius evokes and interprets the most elusive elements of the emotions which it endeavours to express. The simple theme becomes an epitome of spiritual awakening, universal in comprehension. To all sensitive natures there comes inevitably a period that brings with it something ecstatic ; a mental and physical exaltation in living and feeling; an acute appreciation of the subtlest sensatory influences. One becomes conscious of an inexplicable novelty in the most ordinary events and objects; one feels possibly remote and indiscernible the presence of things entirely fresh and vital. It is as though one were new-born, but with full powers of comprehension, into a world of strange and measureless possibilities. Guided by his penetrative instinct Delius in profoundly moving music has distilled the essence of this subtle consciousness. Through the Songs of Sunset (for baritone solo, soprano solo, chorus, and orchestra, on words by Ernest Dowsen, composed 1907) runs an under-current of somewhat overwrought melancholy which is peculiarly rare in the exquisitely balanced work- of Delius. But as this is in perfect accord with the literary text it can only be ascribed to the composer's responsive temperament. The musical treatment is nevertheless very subtle and the harmonic colouring very delicate, while the dominant mood contains a lofty resignation and a sincerity of personal accent which is greatly beyond the inspiration of the text. In a Summer Garden (tone poem for grand orchestra, composed 1908) is a natural sequence to the tendencies discernible in Appalachia and Sea Drift. But in this work is greater spiritual calm and more tender human feeling. Here the influence of external suggestions becomes more concentrated and personal in apprehension. The mind of the composer, fully attuned to the most elusive shades of feeling, interprets external correspondences in their most intimate aspects through the medium of deeply reflective thought. Notwithstanding the subtle atmospheric painting by means of which the composer expresses himself this work, as a whole, is remarkable for its clarity owing to the correlative force of its combined images. The Dance Rhapsody (for grand orchestra, including heckelphone, composed 1909) is a development of the impulses manifest in the two tone poems Paris and A Man of Life. But here the superaction of personal impulses is less impetuous; the effect of external impressions is not so forcible. A sensibility to the presence of extraneous factors is palpable, but it is now a sensibility almost wholly intellectual. Vivid as the rhythmic and harmonic contrasts are they are no longer wrung by surrounding influences from the composer's sensatory organism, but are the outcome of deliberative interpretative thought. The wide range of elements entering into the general scheme are submitted to the action of a radiative mental illumination proceeding outward from the individual intellect of the composer. It is as though Delius had emerged from actual participation in universal conflict to a mental point of vantage whence he is enabled to survey forces panoramically and compute their relative values. Thus from this individual standpoint general elements are contemplated in that dual aspect in which their fullest significance can be discerned. The Part Songs for mixed chorus, Midsummer Song and On Craig Dhu (on poems by Arthur Symons), come within the scope of this later development. The first is a mood of serene contemplation expressed in exquisite imagery : the second is tinged with more exalted feeling. The Wanderer's Song, for male chorus (also on a poem by Arthur Symons), is a further expression of the spiritual impetus derived from externals concentrated into a lyrical mood. Its trend can best be defined by the following lines of the text: "Give me a long white road and the grey wide path of the sea And the winds' will, and the birds' will, and the heartache still in me." The Two Poems for small orchestra (1. On Hearing the First Cuckoo in Spring; 2. Summer Night on the River) are, with the music drama Fennimore (this latter work as yet unpublished), amongst the latest works of Delius. In these two orchestral poems Delius reaches the consummation of the impulses governing his preceding works and attains the height of his lyrical expression. Subtle in mood and delicately lyrical in form these exquisite fragments are purely spiritual in expression. Here the composer extracts the essence of external impressions in a manner so purely personal that one almost ceases to discern the actualities from which they emanate. This individual concertration is further emphasised by the simplified instrumental treatment. These pieces are scored for an orchestra of very small dimensions, the first number being written for the ordinary strings, one flute, one oboe, two clarinettes, two bassoons, and two horns, an additional flute being added in the second number. The four volumes of songs (Five Songs, Seven Songs from the Norwegian to poems by Bjornsen, Ibsen, and Vinje, Three English Songs to poems by Shelley, and Three Songs to poems by Paul Verlaine) are amongst the most characteristic compositions by Delius. The love songs particularly, commencing with the Indian Love Song (of the Three English Songs) and developing to the subtlety of Secret Love (of the Seven Songs from the Norwegian), are remarkable for a delicate voluptuousness which is expressed with an intimacy of self revelation which purges from it all save the most virginal and spiritual feelings. Others, such as In the Garden of the Seraglio (Five Sengs), Il pleure sur la ville (Three Songs to poems by Paul Verlaine), and the exquisite lyric Wine Roses (performed at the first festival of the Musical League, 1909) reveal the most subtle analysis of subjective thought combined with a penetrative intuition which have produced an entirely new idiom in music, an intellectual force which has succeeded in penetrating beneath the gross sterility of common conceptions and technical standards and has resuscitated the finer sensibilities of which they threaten to submerge. [Note.—The writer of this series, though now a prisoner of war in Germany, has managed to send this one article, but it is improbable that any more will get through while the war lasts.—Ed.] VIEWS AND COMMENTS. PURSUANT on the notes on "cant" in the last issue : it is not merely repetition reduced to a harmony which secures the effects : not merely what one says but the way one says it. Tempo and distribution of emphasis have effects equal to that of the prominence given to the substance of the tag. For instance, how a few months ago the "best minds in England" would not have been able to offer you any more scathing epithet to apply to the "disciplinary forces of order" than "Cossacks." They would hurl it with a tense-drawn face and with all the belief in the efficacy of its sibilants of the villain of melodrama. That was before the Cossacks became our interests' very good friends : now that this damaging force is for us we say "Cossacks!" in that tone of deferential admiration which recognises in them the finest mounted force in Europe. The consideration which has transformed this brick-bat into a bouquet is the sense that now it serves our interests : the unfailing criterion according to which we decide to label distinction, fame or notoriety. Now add tempo to selectiveness, repetition, harmony, intonation, and emphasis and you possess the recipe for concocting the impressive presentment of the orator, which is cant. Tempo is the most important ingredient of the "Impressive," as might be illustrated by the case of the church organist who was in the habit of working up his congregation to the highest pitch of awe and devotion by effects achieved from the voluntary "Pop goes the weasel" taken at slow tempo. The slow and measured diction of the Impressive is net an accident : it is part of its substance. The ordinary human animal, as a matter of fact, is not as obvious as at first sight he appears. He has left his soul naked neither to his enemies nor to his neighbours. The cheap and handy means of cant he has converted into the bricks, laths and plaster with which he builds himself a house of refuge. If his spiritual house is even more ramshackle and jerry-built than the one in which he shelters his person, it nevertheless often serves him a very good turn as a protection : of which form of protection Public Opinion is not the least. Its protective effects carry just as far as it can continue to produce the impressive, i.e., the illusion of weight; with those, however, who go beyond the impression and take to measuring its weight by force, it proves to be something less of a protection than a house of lath and plaster : it reveals itself an affair of wind and words shot with the lurid flashes of atmosphere which oratory can create. It proves a mirage. At the approach of those who are primed for violence it vanishes. Cant— the haven of the feeble has this defect : it attracts those who are least in a position to rely on it. It has this advantage : it screens the eyes of the feeble from the danger which impends : it gives the comfort of safety in the midst of the perilous; it also allows to the strong, relief from the former's prying questioning as to the intent and possible effects of the latter's activities. It is potent to comfort and to inflate confidence for a period, to deceive for a period, to attract into alliance a few impressed ones may be ; and when real business is on foot, where strong and genuine interest meet, it knows better than to intrude : it does not hamper the ground ; it vanishes like a spent breath. It is like those accommodating people who recognise their "place": they are great guns in the kitchen, but shrink to suitable dimensions in the presence of their betters. It is in virtue of the vast extensions it has made in the realms of cant that the period through which we are living is called "The Verbal Age." It has accepted the given pieces as valid material for building purposes with the unquestioning acceptance of a child of its toys. It has sought to "specialise" as the "Constructive" age, and in the diverting task of manipulating its ready-made materials it has drugged its adventurous energy into a tamely pleasant submission. Delineation of the "ways of men," delineation without comment, is out of the question: the constructive ideal interposes itself between observers and what they would observe. When the ways "ought" and "ought not" to be such and such it addles the mind of the observer to be confronted with what they actually are. So they dispense with things as they are and soar loftily into the "ideal"! Psychology is a farce because it must be "constructive" too: mental scheme-spinning is the limit to which psychology aspires or can hope to aspire as long as words pass non-suspect. Minds clogged up with the cheap and all too handy set-systems of words cannot generate the steady force which emotional analysis requires. What view must a mind take of forces—their origin, course or tendency, when it is withering with rage against them, not because they are hostile, but because they are "wrong." If they are "wrong" the inference waits to follow: that being wrong they are not there: the "should not" promptly is made more valid than the "are." Forces accordingly burst in upon this verbal plane as disruptive forces—all uncalculated for and sinning blasphemously against the Holy Ghost, because they have grown athwart the spirit of the scheme : unconcernedly spoilt the mosaic. It cannot be expected to be otherwise : a matter-of-fact statement as to existent forces could be listened to only as the out-pourings of the children of Beelzebub : the mental currents which carry in them the momentum of habits of thinking of generations cannot be doubled back on themselves and set in an opposing direction without giving rise to a troubling of the waters. The solvent acid of analysis cannot be set working in this age of "Causes" and "Movements" without causing heart-burnings, and causes and movements are as far as this age attempts to go. The two run together : a cause is a form of activity energised by a slogan : which ensures it going thus far and no farther, the slogan being the form of speech which is intended to dam up thinking, while a movement mentally necessitates a standing still; a pause before the fixed idea. Analysis would gobble up the war-cry and the inhibited mental processes would flow on, overwhelm the stationary idea, and put an end to the "Cause." War-cries exist only because they are protected from analysis ; as ice exists only by being protected from heat. Slogans and analysis require to be kept apart: an analysed war-cry is a contradiction. The workings of an analytic spirit in this pretty-pretty age of "problems" and catch-words would mean devastation. It would produce only such a solution of the "problems" as fire would with the problems set out on the chessboard: solve them by destroying them: the last thing to be desired by the posers of problems. Only by keeping the catch-word intact can the problem with its accompanying "cause" be made permanent, and the to-do about verbalities kept up. And failing verbalities only forces remain, and force is too violent, unmanageable, unimpressible by oratory, to hold anything save horror for a delicate age. Turned, for instance, on that problem of "emancipation," analysis reveals this alluring seducer of the energies of centuries with a clarity which the lovers of liberty—the friends of freedom—can ill brook. It appears as yet one other of the screens of illusions by which cant veils the harder necessities : and emancipators as the comforting deceivers of the people. Yet many of the "saviours of the people" are earnest, and would learn, if they could, why the efforts of the freedom-winners result ever in a flow and ebb of achievement which mounts onward only to draw back. By seeking after a freedom which is not synonymous with powerdoni, but which it is tacitly and otherwise implied to be, they encourage the unintelligent revolt against the "nature of things," but not the only kind of revolt which is worth while : an individual's revolt against his own failure to exploit the nature of things. They would appreciate the difference if they saw it, but between them and the vision stands the opaque Word. D. M. THE SONGS OF MALDOROR. By The Comte de Lautréamont. I. (continued). I PROPOSE, without being overcome, to declaim in a loud voice the serious cold strophes you are going to hear. Pay attention to what they contain, and beware of the painful impression which they will not fail to leave, like a brand, on your troubled imaginations. Do not suppose that I am at the point of death for I am not yet a skeleton and age does not cleave to my brow. Let us therefore dismiss all idea of comparison with the swan at the moment his life takes wing, and only see before you a monster whose face 1 am happy you cannot perceive; yet the face is less horrible than his soul. Yet I am not a criminal . . . enough of this subject. Not iong ago I saw the sea again and tramped the deck of ships and my memories are as keen as if I had left it yesterday. Nevertheless, be, if you can, as calm as I in reading these strophes, which I already repent having offered you; and do not biush at the thought of what the human heart is. O silken-eyed poulp ! you, whose soul is inseparable from mine; you, the most beautiful of the inhabitants of the terrestrial giobe, commander of a harem of four hundred tentacles; you, in whom are nobly seated, as in their natural residence, indestructibly allied by common accord, sweet communicative virtue and divine graces, why are you not with me, your mercury belly against my aluminium chest, seated both of us on some rock to contemplate the spectacle I adore! Ancient sea of crystal waves, you resemble proportionately the blue marks which appear on the lashed backs of cabin-boys ; you are one immense blue applied to the body of the earth, (I like that comparison). Thus, at the first sight of you, a prolonged breath of sadness, like the murmur of your soft breeze, passes, leaving ineffaceable traces on the profoundly disquieted soul, and you recall to the memory of lovers—often without their realising it—the crude beginnings of man when he became acquainted with that grief which never departs from him. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, your harmoniously spheric form which delights the grave face of geometry recalls to me only too well the little eyes of men, like those of the wild boar for smallness and like those of night-birds for circular perfection of contour. Yet through ail centuries man has believed that he was beautiful. But I prefer to suppose that man only believes in his beauty through vanity, that he is not really beautiful and that he doubts his own beauty, for otherwise why should he look upon the face of his like with so much scorn? I saiute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, you are the symbol of identity: always equal to yourself. You do not alter in any essential manner and if your waves are furious in one part, far away in some other zone they are in the most complete calm. You are not like man, who stops in the street to watch two bull-dogs worrying each other's necks but who does not stop when a funeral passes; who is pleasant in the morning and bad-tempered at night; who laughs to-day and weeps to-morrow. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, it is not impossible that you should conceal in your bosom future utilities for mankind. You have already given him the whale. You do not easily permit the greedy eyes of natural sciences to divine the thousand secrets of your intimate organisation: you are modest. Man carelessly boasts of the merest trifles. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, the different kinds of fish you breed have not sworn fraternity among themselves. Each species keeps to itself. The varying temperaments and conformations of each species explains in a satisfactory manner what would otherwise appear an anomaly. Man acts in the same way without having the same excuses. If a piece of the world is occupied by thirty millions of human beings, they think themselves obliged not to mingle with the existences of their neighbours, fixed like roots in the piece of earth immediately beneath them. Descending from great to small, each man lives like a savage in his den and rarely leaves it to visit his fellows, similarly crouched in similar dens. The great universal family of mankind is a utopia worthy of the most mediocre logic. Besides, the notion of ingratitude springs from a contemplation of your fertile breasts ; for at once comes the thought of those numerous parents who are sufficiently ungrateful towards their creator to abandon the fruit of their miserable union. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, your material grandeur can only be compared to the measure one imagines of how much active power was needed to create the totality of your mass. You cannot be perceived at a single glance. To contemplate you, the sight must turn its telescope by a continual movement towards the four points of the horizon, in the same way as a mathematician, in order to solve an algebraic equation, is obliged to consider the different cases possible before determining the solution. Man eats nourishing substances and makes other efforts, worthy a better cause, to appear fat. Let him swell as much as he likes—adorable frog. Keep calm, he will never equal your size; at least I imagine not. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, your waters are bitter They have exactly the same taste as the bile which the critic distils on the fine arts, on the sciences, on everything. If one man has genius, he is made to appear a fool; if another is beautiful, he is a disgusting hunchback. Truly, man must feel his imperfections very strongly—three quarters of them being due to himself—for him to criticise them so hardly ! I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, men, in spite of the excellence of their methods have not yet succeeded, though aided by scientific means of investigation, in measuring the dizzy profundity of your abysses ; you have some which the longest and heaviest sounding-lines have not fathomed. This is permitted to fish ; not to men. I have often asked myself which was the easier to discover: the depth of the ocean or the depth of the human heart! If thirty years of experience of life can to a certain extent turn the scales to one or other of these solutions, it will be permitted me to say that in spite of the depth of the sea it cannot put itself in line, in a comparison of this quality, with the depth of the human heart. Often, standing on a ship with my hand against my forehead, while the moon swayed irregularly between the masts, I have surprised myself putting aside everything which did not lead to this end and trying to solve this difficult problem! Yes, which is the deeper, the more impenetrable of the two: the sea or the human heart? I have known virtuous men. They died at sixty and not one failed to declare that they had done well on this earth, that is to say they had practised charity: that was all, it is not very cunning, anyone can do the same. Who will ever understand why two lovers who idolised each yesterday, will, for a word misunderstood, separate, one to the east, one to the west, stung with hate, with vengeance, with love and with remorse, and never see each other again, both remaining wrapped in solitary pride 1 It is a miracle which is renewed every day and which is not therefore any the less miraculous. Who will ever understand why people not only enjoy the general accidents of their fellow men but even the particular disasters of their dearest friends, although they are at the same time deeply distressed. One incontestable example to close this series: man says hypocritically "yes" when he thinks "no." It is for this reason that the young swine of humanity have so much confidence in each other and are not egotists. Psychology has still a great deal of progress to make. I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, you are so powerful that men have only learned it at their own expense. They may well employ all the resources of their genius . . . they are incapable of controlling you. They have found their master. I say they have found something stronger than themselves. That something has a name. That name is "The Sea"! You inspire such fear in them that they respect you. In spite of that you make their heaviest machines valse gracefully, elegantly, and easily. You compel them to make gymnastic leaps towards heaven and admirable plunges into the depths of your dominions: a dancer would envy them. They are happy when you do not definitely envelop them in your seething folds for them to go and see—without a railway journey —in your aquatic entrails how the fishes are, and above all how they are themselves. Man says: "I am more intelligent than the sea." It is possible, it is even perhaps true ; but the sea is more terrible to him than he to the sea: it is hardly necessary to prove this. That patriarchal observer, contemporary of the earliest epochs of our suspended globe, smiles with pity when he watches the naval combats of nations. Here are a hundred leviathans made by the hands of humanity. The emphatic orders of superior officers, the cries of the wounded, the reports of the cannon,—they are a noise made expressly to annihilate a few seconds. It appears that the play is over and that the sea has taken everything into its belly. Its jaws are formidable. They must be huge towards the base, in the direction of the unknown ! To crown this stupid, uninteresting comedy, you see in the middle of the sky some stork or other worn out with fatigue cry without ceasing the movement of his wings: "Well . . . what a devil of a nuisance! There were black spots down there ; I closed -my eyes; they have disappeared." I salute you, ancient sea! Ancient sea, O great celibate, when you pass through the solemn solitude of your phlegmatic kingdoms, you are justly proud of your native magnificence and of the real praises which I am eager to give you. Balanced voluptuously by the soft movements of your majestic deliberation, which is the most grandiose among the attributes with which sovereign power has gratified you, you unroll in the midst of a sombre mystery, on all your sublime surface, your incomparable waves, with the calm sentiment of eternal power. They follow one another in parallel lines, separated by short intervals. Scarcely has one sunk down when another, increasing in size, comes to meet it, accompanied by the melancholy sound of falling foam, to warn us that everything is but foam. (In the same way human' beings, those riving waves, die one after another in a monotonous manner, but without leaving a noise of foam.) The bird of passage rests on them with confidence and abandons himself to their proudly graceful movements, until the bones of his wings have recovered their accustomed vigour sufficiently for him to continue his aerial journey. I wish that human majesty were no more than the incarnation of the reflection of yours. I ask a great deal, and this sincere wish is glorious for you. Your moral grandeur, image of the infinite, is as huge as the reflection of philosophy, as the love of woman, as the divine beauty of a bird, as the meditations of the poet. You are more beautiful than night. Answer me, sea, will you be my brother 1 Hurl yourself up impetuously . . . more . . . still more, if you desire that I should compare you to the vengeance of God ; spread out your livid claws tearing yourself a road on your breast . . . well done. Unroll your horrible waves, hideous sea, understood by me alone and before whom I fall, prostrate at your knees. The majesty of man is borrowed; he will not impose it on me; you, yes. Oh! when you advance your terrible high crest surrounded with your wrinkles, tortuous like a heart, magnetic, ferocious, rolling your waves over each other, with the consciousness of what you are, while you hurl from the depths of your breast—as if overwhelmed by an intense remorse I cannot understand—that dull perpetual roaring which men fear so much even when they contemplate you in safety, trembling upon the shore, then I see that the high right of calling myself your equal does not belong to me. That is why, in the presence of your superiority, I would give you all my love (and no one knows the quantity of love contained in my aspirations towards the beautiful), if you would not make me dolorously think of my fellow men, who make the most ironic contrast with you, the most foolish antithesis ever seen in creation : I cannot love you, I detest you. Why do I return to you, for the thousandth time, towards your friendly arms, which open to caress my burning forehead whose fever is soothed by their contact I do not know your unrevealed destiny; but everything which concerns you interests me. Tell me—are you the dwelling of the prince of darkness 1 Tell me, tell me, sea (we are alone so as not to sadden those who still know nothing but illusions), and if the breath of Satan creates the tempests which throw up your bitter waters even to the clouds ! You must tell me, because I should be happy to know that hell was so near mankind. This must be the last strophe of my invocation. Consequently, once more I salute you and make my adieu! Ancient sea of crystal waves. . . . My eyes are moist with abundant tears and I have not the strength to continue ; for I feel the time come when I must return to brutal-looking men; but . . . courage ! I will make a great effort and end, with the feeling of duty, my destiny on this earth. I salute you, ancient sea! (To be continued.) Translator's Note.—This amazing work is, in some ways, one of the most marvellous achievements in modern literature. The author was a Frenchman from Montevideo. His name was Isidore Ducasse, but he assumed the nom de plume of Comte de Lautréamont. The book was written when the author was seventeen years old, in 1867. Ducasse died of fever at the age of twenty. Had he lived, he might have been "one of the glories of French literature." As it is, the work remaining is extremely unequal. Lautréamont was not mad, in spite of all opinions to the contrary. This has been proved by M. L. Genonceaux, in his preface to the "Chants de Maldoror." Neither did he suffer from any form of sexual aberration. He was simply an audacious genius who dared to think what no one had thought before and who dressed his thoughts in such supreme irony that he really appears mad to the bourgeois intelligence of the modern world. CHARLES PÉGUY AND HIS WORK. By Richard Aldington. LIEUTENANT CHARLES PÉGUY was shot at the battle of the Marne." This news was first published in England by a correspondent of the "Daily Chronicle," who got it from M. Bourgeois, a friend of Péguy's. I wonder how many people saw it 1 I wonder to how many people it meant anything. Péguy was a little unfortunate with his English readers—he was the kind of writer one always means to read and somehow always misses. I believe that F. S. Flint was the only really staunch reader he had here. I know that for my part I had never read a line of Péguy or even seen his paper, the "Cahiers de la Quinzaine," until the day I heard of his death, though I knew them both perfectly well by repute. A Museum official whom I asked for information about Péguy told me practically the same thing, i.e., that he knew of him quite well but had never read him. I suspect that Péguy's Socialist leanings had something to do with this; not that there is anything particularly offensive in a man's being a Socialist, but somehow if one has three books of poetry, four books of essays and a book on social reform, one reads the book on social reform last and usually not at all. I am not quite clear as to what particular brand of Socialism Péguy fancied, but I do gather from a very hasty glance at his writings that his political ideas were very largely due to his kindness and pity for suffering. He was the sort of man who sees that a large number of his fellow citizens have barely enough to live on and that there is even a section which lives in the most appalling want and misery. That was enough for Péguy; he was poor himself, sensitive and rather impetuous; he had imagination enough to suffer for the sufferings of others; therefore à bas les riches, à bas everything, so that the poor get enough to eat. I gathered in my reading that Péguy's Socialism underwent considerable changes. In the earlier numbers of "Les Cahiers" we find him publishing.a huge tome by Jaurès on social reform and scrapping with the editor of "Journaux pour Tous" because the said editor was also contributing to a Catholic and militarist weekly. But later on I discovered that Péguy was himself a Catholic, a writer of mysteries, and a soldier ! In one place he says, in his fine swashbuckling way, "nothing interests me except military matters!" He had a special sort of cult for St. Jeanne d'Arc—alluded to by Mr. Flint in the current number of "Poetry and Drama." He wrote a book of sonnets which he called "La Tapisserie de St. Jeanne d'Arc" and another called "La Tapisserie de Notre Dame" (I quote from memory). Neither of these works nor the "Eve," a prodigiously long book, 420 pages, written entirely in quatrains, six to the page, seems to me to have any extraordinary poetic merit. Péguy got his effects by a sort of Biblical repetition; thus, in "Eve" he repeats the first line of a quatrain in the next five or six quatrains, and so on throughout the book. He does something similar in his sonnets. I found it rather wearisome. His "Mystère"—at which I merely glanced—seemed much more interesting. There was a certain originality of diction and metaphor and a rather charming kind of Catholicism. But Péguy's chief glory is neither as a poet nor prose-writer nor even as a Socialist, but as an editor. He must have had a flair for finding work by clever unknown young men. In addition to Jaurès, whom he published as long ago as 1902, he produced for a Christmas number, an interesting essay by Louis Gillet on the French Primitive painters, with twenty-four illustrations. I regret to say that the illustrations are extremely bad and do much less than justice to Jean d'Orleans, Maître Jean Malonel, Maître Nicholas Froment and all the rest of them. But what they lacked in sumptuousness of reproduction, Gillet and Péguy made up for in enthusiasm. I don't say that the thing is as good as Huysman's "Trois Primitifs," but it has something of the same aesthetic insight. I found two other fine books in the "Cahiers"—and I don't suppose I saw one fiftieth of the total number which were published. One of these was a book of poems, "Et vous riez," by André Spire, two specimens of whose work were published in The Egoist a few months ago. The other was a novel, "Jean Coste," by Antonin Lavergne. If the little treatise on the primitive painters illustrated Péguy's Roman Catholic sympathies, these two other books represented his humanitarian and socialistic side. André Spire is a fine poet. Among all the clamorous "groups" of young France, who deafen you with their egregious rhetoric and yells for "sympathie," M. Spire is a solitary figure, not without hauteur. He makes no attempt to gain publicity, publishes very little, but that little is of so fine a quality and so really poetry—as distinct from poetic essays—that one has a great temptation to prophesy a great future for M. Spire. It is a tribute to Péguy's critical abilities that he should have been one of the first, if not the very first, to print a book by André Spire. Péguy's other "find," Antonin Lavergne's "Jean Coste," is a novel or rather an account of a miserable and even sordid life told without sentimentalism. If one were to pick up an English novel entitled "John Coster, or the Village Schoolmaster," one would know that it was an orgy of preposterous and probably indelicate sentimentality. Lavergne's novel, on the other hand, is written in so impersonal a way, that it positively wrings one's vitals with compassion. It is because no English writer has ever learned this impersonal method that I was once tempted to say that the lower classes could not be fitly the subject of a work of art. I should have added except in France and Russia. I do not propose to treat Lavergne's novel at any length, partly because I feel so incapable of writing on prose works, and partly because I only mentioned it to do honour to Péguy. It is. sufficient to say that the story is simply that of a village schoolmaster in France who, with his wife and three children, is slowly starved to the verge of suicide by the extreme poverty in which the French Government allows—or allowed, for it may be better now—their scholastic servants to live. According to Lavergne, the pay of a schoolmaster such as he describes is 1,000 francs (£40) a year. To this he adds if he is lucky another 300 francs as secretary to the mayor, but this he is likely to lose if his politics are disagreeable to the mayor or if he happens to offend that official. It doesn't require much imagination to show that a man with that salary, who has to keep a wife and three children, has no chance in life of anything but misery. And on that meagre and shameful pittance Jean Coste had to keep up appearances, to live like a "monsieur"! Péguy had a great admiration for the book and its author, who, I gather from some of his other works, must actually have endured something very much like what is described in "Jean Coste." When Péguy first read Lavergne's novel, he was reader to some "bourgeois publisher." He sent in the book with an enthusiastic note of praise, and it was passed on to one of the heads of the firm to receive his judgment. He wrote back in a supercilious way saying that the book was dull, tedious and too long, "besides, people are never so miserable as that." Eventually Péguy published the book in the "Cahiers de la Quinzaine" and it was subsequently brought out by Ollendorff, with a horrible illustrated cover. Apparently the book caused some little comment in Paris, a good deal of it adverse. Péguy, of course, came rushing to the rescue with a long polemical essay. I did not read the whole thing, but was interested to read an authentic letter from a poor village schoolmistress asking Péguy for additional work during the holidays, but begging him to keep her letter a secret as if it became known that she was seeking work she and her husband would have lost their jobs ! The letter showed that these unhappy people, with two children and the wife pregnant, had to live on 120 francs a month, and "keep up their position." Péguy was tremendously enraged at this and cursed the Government nobly; I have no doubt unavailingly. And Péguy is dead. His death will not be the subject of academic orations and his grave, probably unknown among the thousands which line the banks of the Marne and Aisne, will not be visited by the Poetry Society. Yet some of the poor people he used to write so touchingly about will remember him with kindness, and a few brother artists here and many in Paris will be glad to know that he died at least fighting for the France and the Jeanne d'Arc he cared for so much. Mr. Flint once said to me that if Péguy went to war he would lead his company to Berlin with the words "Jeanne d'Arc" on trieir lips. Well, Péguy was doomed not to get there, but the men who fought with him will. Péguy est mort pour la patrie; vive Péguy! ODILON REDON. FOR a long time M. Odilon Redo was celebrated as a great artist whose works no one had ever seen, and he is still distinguished by the rarity of his productions rather than by their profusion. Now and then a delicate, exotic flower blossoms forth from his singular genius, a strange, outlandish interpretation of nature which would seem to be a divination of the link existing between the inanimate and the animate, for the flowers M. Redon paints might as well be insects— tentacular, creeping things on the verge of metamorphosing themselves into butterflies, caterpillars, lizards or birds. These weird visions of a phenomenon which is perhaps a scientific fact M. Redon displays with a modest candour as though they belonged to the most normal expressions in pictorial art. If, by chance, you have had the good fortune to meet this unique painter he will talk to you about the attractions in the quality of pigments, about the beauty of forms; yet, superficially considered, his is the least materialistic art conceivable, and you would think that the creator of it was wholly unconcerned with physical allurements. The very colours he renders, brilliant as they are, would seem to express the flames of the soul rather than those of the body, or of the invisible life-spring rather than its concrete manifestation. But his is a sensuously spiritual art, as certain ecstacies are spiritually sensuous. There is many a secret in matter—for instance, in paints, chalks, lead-pencils, paper, etc.—which reveals itself only to those on intimate terms with it, who love it with a lover's love—love which sets free certain more or less hidden faculties. One person becomes a visionary through the agency of music, but in other realms his clairvoyance will not make itself manifest; in a second it is exteriorised through language; in a third, like Odilon Redon, it finds its good conductor in line and colour. This faculty is cultivated through practice with the medium chosen for its expression. Thus we find it developing quite gradually in Beethoven. Hardly perceptible in his earliest compositions, it works its way through the subsequent ones till it reaches its culminating expression in, for instance, the "Appassionata" and "Heroica." M. Redon's earliest paintings were little still-life subjects and portraits, faithful and intelligent renderings of the concrete forms and colours. Little by little the portraits seem to lose their material cast, and to reveal a more luminous and impalpable quality, not shapeless, certainly, for the line is there and, if anything, more precise than ever, but it is an abstracted, liquid line, unencumbered by the mass. The still-life pictures of his maturity are generally in pastel, and represent bouquets in vases radiating with a star-like effervescence. In some pictures figure and flowers intermingle, the aureoled head becoming a flower, and the flowers sharing the spiritualised life of the neighbouring human reminiscence. For the link existing between things in our national view of life is revolutionised in M. Redon's perception. His view of relations is apart, and disposes of them as in a poetic dream. And in his inclination to be detached from terrestial conventions, like the astrologers of yore whom he resembles, he lives in a tower—that is, in a fifth floor flat, the tall windows of which look out on to the stars of the heavens, and to the lights of the city—sprinkled loosely about among the invisible buildings and hanging in the air like rockets—and which remind him, as he says to me, of bouquets. And now I realise why his bouquets appear to me to be illuminated. Monsieur Odilon Redon was born at Bordeaux in the year 1840. He drew all through his childhood, and would copy Delacroix, for whom he still expresses great admiration, at the museum of his native town. His best teacher was the engraver Bresdin, but an attempt to study architecture as well as painting at the Ecole des Beaux Arts failed. There was necessarily absolute antagonism between the pupil and his teacher, Gerêne. After taking part in the 1870 war Redon came to reside in Paris. His first exhibition was held in 1881, his second the next year, and these two manifestations gave rise to much comment. Henceforward he devoted himself to lithography, and produced a number of illustrations for, or inspired by, Flaubert's Tentation de Saint Antoine, Edgar Allan Poe, Baudelaire, Huysmans. Redon's youth was passed in a district where fireside legends may yet be heard, and witches and sorcerers still be found. The autumn in these parts is particularly beautiful, and sea and sky mingle in exquisite mists. His health during childhood was delicate. These are circumstances which may serve to explain to a certain extent the enigmatical aspect of that vast series of illustrations in lithography for which he is famous, and which, as a critic, M. Emile Hennequin, wrote in 1882, are "peopled with formidable phantoms, monsters, monads, composite beings made up of human perversity, bestial degradation and all the horrors of the inert and noxious. Posséd    nt le sens des incubes et de succubes, he has, by imperceptible degrees succeeded in evolving an appalling form of ugliness, a cunning, insidious profile whose forehead bulges with vicious protuberances and in whose dull eyes rolls the evil unconsciousness of the brutish." These extraordinary, unpleasant productions occupied a single and defined period in M. Redon's life. He has himself said he could now add nothing to this series. The phase came, went, and is for ever closed. Mediums, clairvoyants, do not, as a rul be it observed, manifest their faculties beyond a certain period. In M. Redon's lithographs illustrative of the extra-normal we find that same reiteration, confusion, monotony usually presented by the semi-conscious work of the haunted and which are flaws even in the visions of a Blake or Gustave Moreau, both psychically on a higher plane than M. Redon. But it must not be forgotten that while these drawings—over-praised by some, under-rated by othprs—undoubtedly present the visions of a "third eye," they represent, also, a desire to reconcile divination with reasoned scientific observation. M. Redon has always had scientific curiosities, and has sought to define, or justify, his abnormal intuitions by studying osteology and seeking the company of biologists, botanists, etc. "A little comparison at the museum (of natural history)," he has written, "gave me an idea of the relative contexture of all beings. It soon occurred to me to create some according to my fancy. I had only to atrophy, reduce, or develop (anatomical) parts according to my whim."* With this admission he reveals the secret of that mingled unconsciousness and consciousness which we find also in mediums and clairvoyants. He has dissected and isolated parts of the organic world, and been preoccupied by its more elementary expressions recalling iarvœ, germs, monadi, bacteria, to the exclusion of the perfected form, with results bringing new light neither to science nor to art, but generally expressive merely of a curious, psychological, perhaps pathological, case. For visions are not interesting merely because they are visions; they must, above all, be interesting; the abnormal is not arresting simply because abnormal; both can be wonderfully dull, and the ravings of the delirious, and hallucinations in fever or nightmare must not be confounded with the dreams of the poet, vain curiosity with directed science, any more than ecstasy in love with sadism. This said, and that particular phase in M. Redon's career—which has unjustifiably roused ridicule from some and exaggerated enthusiasm from others—being judged with impartial moderation, M. Redon remains, not on account of it, but for many reasons, an artist with a mission. Subsequent to the period to which I have just referred, he recovered that balance between the concrete and the abstract, between the spiritual and the material, between intuition and reason, perception and sensation which is the very basis of art. His exquisite sensibility has found its happiest response through the agency of lithography—which served him for the expression of portraits besides his visionary compositions —and pastel useïï in a way peculiar to himself for the rendering of flowers. The originality he has brought to this sphere, especially, classes him as a manner of genius, for no one before ever painted flowers as he has done. To their form he contributes that peculiar suggestiveness, a natural gift for which was cultivated in him by his master, the engraver Bresdin, who would say to him: "See that chimney-pot? What does it convey to you 1 It is a whole legend to me. If you have the faculty for observation, and understand it properly, you can imagine the strangest, most bizarre object. . . . Art is there." "But artists," M. Redon has observed, "usually see the chimney-pot all right, but only see it. Everything surpassing, illuminating or amplifying the object, and drawing the spirit up into the regions of mystery ... is closed to them. All tendency to the symbolical, everything that art can bring of unexpected, undefined, enigmatical, frightens them. Parasites of the object, they have cultivated art merely from the visual aspect, and have shut it out from what might impregnate the smallest efforts, even blacks, with spiritual light. I refer to an irradiation which takes hold of the mind and escapes analysis." This marvellous colourist whose flower-pictures threw forth flames and sparks, has, better than anyone, defined the beauty of the blacks he conjures with in his lithographs and charcoal drawings: "Black is the most essential of colours. It finds its glorification, its life, shall I say, in the direct and deeper springs of the nature. . . . Black should be respected. Nothing can prostitute it. It does not please the eye nor awaken the sensuality. It is an agent of the mind far more than the beautiful colours of the palette or prism. ... In the Louvre the galleries devoted to drawings contain a far greater and purer sum of art than the galleries of painting. But few visitors are to be seen there, the paintings being far more popular." His acute sense of form, expressed especially in his flowers, seems to have been cultivated by close examination of nature in its minuter, individual and accidental aspects. "After having," he writes, "attentively copied a pebble, a blade of grass, a hand, a profile or anything else, I feel an ebullition rise up in my mind, a desire to create, to yield to the expression of imagination. Nature compressed, infused, becomes my spring, my leaven, my ferment." Intimate study of nature has perfected his craftsmanship, communion with the finite has introduced him to the infinite, while fluency attained through the first has facilitated expression of the second. For one like Redon the general may be read in the particular, the macrocosm in the microcosm, the world in a grain of sand, the heaven in a wild flower, "infinity may be held in the palm: of the hand and eternity in an hour." Muriel Ciolkowska. "ON THE IMBECILITY OF THE RICH." By Bastien von Helmholtz. "It is curious that the rich have no sense." "It is curious," said my friend, "that out of so many millionaires there is not one, not even that old ass Carnegie, who has any intelligence." "The rich," said another of my friends (even as I, a poor scrivener), "the rich, damn them, come in here and sit on my chest, and talk of how fine it would be if—if this, that and the other, and if I succeed in doing this, that and the other. And it never occurs to them that with one-tenth of their argent sec ou liquide I could 'vie with Cosimo' and build up the excellent world. That I don't mind. The poor fools have no imagination. They never think what a man of sense could do with their money. But worse than that, their pusillanimity never suggests to them that they might lend a hand, that they might, as it were, hold up their end." I have heard them talk over schemes and approve, and know that others were giving their time and work, time and work that they might have used to more selfish advancement, etc., etc. But the men who help are poor men, or they are poor men comparatively. I know one man who has £3,000 a year and spends £1,000 of it on literature. I know one who has several hundreds and spends a reasonable percentage on the arts. A dabbler with a capital of about £600,000 spends nothing, but thinks about spending a few pounds. Five was the last amount over which I heard him deliberating. A few poor men spend incalculable labour, and help with sales and jobs generally. An anarchist paper in America, "The Revolutionary Almanack," seems to be the only paper in that country which keeps abreast of continental thought. I say this with surprise. I had no intentions of anarchy. But the whole burden of civilisation has shifted. In the time of Leonardo the burden was divided between the artists and the capitalists. In our time the burden rests on the artists and on a few friendly and obscure people, mostly of the middle class or below it. I hold a brief for no class. That is to say my hate for all classes is about even. My life is a series of contradictions, because I find myself incapable of putting hate into action. Hate can be for a mass, but one's actions are always against some individual. I melt before the individual. I give way to pity. The swine say that I "have a good heart." Let that be. I have an affection for the arts. In the morass of "modern life," I believe that the arts are the only things worth keeping up. Religion is only the mess that is made whenever priests try to exploit the arts to their, i.e., the priests', own profit. Priests and most professors are uncreative. Their function is parasitic. In any case, all organised religion is a state graft or a priest graft ; the only true religion is the revelation made in the arts. I don't care whether or no the capitalist system decays, but for the good brothers who hope that it is decaying, I can only say "be of good cheer." One of the finest symptoms of its rottenness is that the care of the arts has been given over to the poor, and to the just-above-poor. And the balance of power rests with the arts. So fine is the balance of power that it always rests with the arts. As slowly as a jeweller's scales tip for an eyelash, so slowly do legislations, and, more than paper legislations, actualities follow the arts. How often do we hear said "You are governed by Rousseau." You will soon be ruled by a stiffer hand than Jean-Jacques'. With the refuse of the debased business class controlling nine-tenths of printed publication, with the Press system as it is, the intellectual, saving the term, "the intellectual" life of to-day is in a worse mess than was ever the political life of the middle ages. One can only hope for some protection of the arts like the churchly protection of knowledge of the middle ages. This "truce of the arts" will come; this security of artistic creation. But the foundation will not be from the rich. It will not be a "rich young man of Assisi" who shall found it; it will be a guild of the intelligent poor and near-poor. It will be as fanatical almost as the mediaeval religious. It will hate and contemn the world. It will be a damnable nuisance. The mediaeval church was a damnable nuisance. The artists of the renaissance were not a damnable nuisance, though the pedantry of the renaissance probably was. No, not quite that, the pedantry of the renaissance was enjoyable in its own day, though no modern would stand it. I don't know that I want to prevent this cloistration. I state the fact for what it is worth. The rich of our time compare unfavourably with the rich of the fifteenth century. The system which supports them is rotten. They will go down. They will have no friends to break their fall. I doubt if they will all die in time to escape the sight of their own degradation. If they do die in time they will die in the knowledge that they have left no glory behind them, that their memory is despised. The odd thing, the only thing that puzzles one in the matter is that their misanthropy is either disguised or unconscious. They do not even get the satisfactions of hatred. One is damn'd if one can see why they bother. They go about professing interest in this, that and the other. They seem to sniff at life from the edges. They talk about "happy lives," ad infinitum. They are a consummate sterility. They put their money on all things save the permanent and the constructive. They differ greatly among themselves. That may seem curious, but even lepidoptera, or whatever they are, differ. Of the two richest men whom I know one is a pleasant ass and the other is an unpleasant ass. I have observed varieties among the rich, many varieties, but they are all alike in one thing. I have never known any really rich person to make him or herself uncomfortable for the sake of any other person or cause—not for one moment. I have seen them suffer pain, chagrin, etc. I have seen them suffer humiliations that I would not dream of being put to, but they suffer these things always from inaction, always because of some want of audacity. I am not going to burst into any paeon of praise about the poor. Poverty is indeed a cloak for every envy and for every form of niggardliness—these things are effects of a cause. The virtues, the" wasteful virtues, slip in between, as if by accident, as if they were a gift from strange gods. I am not preaching a moral. Nothing but a love of perfection, or of "God," or of "the untellable beauty," or something of that sort, will make a human being into the sort of person one wishes to meet. And nothing but such love, plus some reasonable chance of seeking that perfection, or that "God" or that "untellable beauty," will keep said human being a bearable companion. The "love" is, I suppose, "innate," or an "accident," or a "predestination," or whatever one likes to call it; the "chance of seeking" is, I suppose, the concern of man's economic and legislative faculties. One gets bored with "economists" and all their gallery, because they keep harping on the "chance" and because they want to prescribe what one shall do with it. It is, indeed, more difficult for a rich man to get into good company than for a camel to get into the Bath Club. I don't mean that the rich don't meet nice people ; but they never get more than the shells. The nice people meet and eat and depart without becoming acquainted. I know, at a pinch, two dozen interesting people, all of whom have met a certain number of .rich, and I do not know one in the lot who has any respect for any rich man, or who has ever given a confidence or an intimate view of life to any one of the lot. I have listened, but I have seldom heard of money well spent. I once knew of a very rich man who was encouraging learning, but he told me to my face that he didn't care about how "learning" was "encouraged," "that he knew nothing about all that," "that he only wanted to erect a memorial to his father." Il admettait trois aristocraties, la noblesse, le clergé et la littérature," wrote Renan of a certain suave cleric. "The nobility" is being so noble at present that I must revise my original sentence, but, even so, we no longer respect the class, we respect the individual of it. The time when one might have looked on any sort of clergy as an "aristocracy" is so long gone that one can only look upon the idea as a quaint bit of bric-a-brac. There remains an aristocracy of the creative arts and an aristocracy of inventive science. THOSE AMERICAN PUBLICATIONS. By Baptiste von Helmholtz. IT is always nice to see one's ideas adopted, or even adapted, if one have a mildly cynical sense of humour. I have just taken from a friend's table the prospectus of a new American "weekly review," which is to "respect no taboos." This phrase has a familiar cadence. Can it be that we have seen it on the announcement of our old friend, The Egoist? Of course the prospectors say nothing about The Egoist. They do not even invite my friend to contribute at a remunerative rate .... though he has done a good deal of work for The Egoist in one way or another. They invite him to subscribe fourteen bob to "cooperate effectively" in the "establishment" of such a journal. They say that "every subscription received prior to publication will be particularly encouraging." Of course they are particularly encouraging. It is only about three years since the Editor of the "Atlantic Monthly" wrote to one of our distinguished novelists asking her to remove the "trousers" from a bedroom scene. The trousers in question were hung over a chair-back ... in a perfectly respectable and conjugal chamber. The male hen conducting the "Atlantic" could not face the fact; he could not permit or expect his readers to face the fact that husbands hang pants, breeches, or trousers over chair-backs when retiring for the night. We suppose they should have been concealed in a cupboard or hidden behind the washstand. The American magazinists are "a fair treat." No wonder this new lot are encouraging. Their idea about taboos is a good one, derivative, but good. They compare favourably with the "Century." The "Century" has, of course, a new and up-to-date editor. It is only a few months since he sent a letter to one of our friends—(Mr. Pound, to be precise)—to tell how modern he was. E. P. was delighted. He had one of his periodical spasms of hope and belief in his country. He is nothing if not patriotic. The next morning the poor editor spoiled his good work. He inadvertently sent on some copies of his paper to prove how modern he was. One of his editorials ran: "The Century Magazine" wants to bring its fiction "as near to truth and make it as interpretative of life as conditions allow." Them pants again! Breeks are a circumstance. O America 1 E. P. said it showed, i.e., the desire to get somewhere near the truth, showed "a gleam of sense in a pusillanimous void." However, he was not really discouraged till he came to some pious wails about the sacredness of relation between editor and contributor. "The contributors make the magazine and the magazine makes the contributors," wrote the pious Mr. Yard. This last is so exact an analysis of the reason why America no longer produces anything worth calling art or literature that our friend has never since argued with me as to the hopelessness of anything being produced there, except magazine articles on politics .... which are, to my mind, damned uninteresting, but no matter. "The magazine makes the contributors." That is America of to-day. That is why all the best American artists escape, la, la. The little old ladies, male and female, of those aged editorial offices, dare not face the fact of individual personality; of writers who will not be made. Indeed we should welcome a new American publication, with a set of idées fixes some twenty years newer. A publication looking forward to a "new burst of democratic accomplishment." SOME CHINESE MANNERS AND CUSTOMS. By F. T. S. IN China we show our politeness by refusing to accept offers. After being urged several times our etiquette allows us to yield. This custom placed me in a very amusing situation shortly after I came to college at Delaware, Ohio. I was frequently invited out to take dinners with my new friends, and, of course, I took my Chinese etiquette along—until I learned better. About three years ago I was invited to take my Thanksgiving dinner with a family in Delaware. This was before I learned much of American customs. My friend was also invited. We knocked at the door, and, of course, were asked to enter and be seated. One of the ladies said, "Gentlemen, I want you to feel as if you were at home." Not knowing the language well enough to understand just what she meant, I asked my friend, "Why did the lady say I wish you to stay as you were at home?" My friend replied, "Sung, I guess she means we have come too early—that she wanted us to stay at home." We pushed our chairs away from the table preparatory to returning to our room. Our impoliteness had made us sick at heart. But just as we were getting up from the table, the lady brought in a huge turkey on a platter. "Where are you going now," she exclaimed, "dinner is all ready." "We came here too early and are bothering you." "Not at all, you are just on time." So we were persuaded to remain. At length the different foods were passed. I took a very little potato on my plate and my friend did likewise. Our hostess, noticing that we had taken scarcely any food at all, pressed it again upon us, but true to our native teaching we always declined, though we were frightfully hungry. We always told her that we had plenty. And she said, moreover, that we should feel as if we were at home. There she was again scolding us for doing the things we had done, but afterwards I learned that this expression is one of the kindest a hostess can use. This reluctance of ours continued through the whole meal. If I had not learned better since, I would to-day be the hungriest mortal in this broad land. Let me now return to the learned literary man taking tea with his chance acquaintance of the street. Chinese politeness allows the ensuing conversation: —The host asks, "What is your honourable age?" Is he tempted to say that it is none of your business ? I am told that the older unmarried ladies in this country do that. Instead, the guest replies, "My worthless number is 60 years." "Where is your honourable mansion?" "My hut is in ..." he will reply, whether or not he is a wealthy man living in a fine house. "Is your honourable wife living?" "The mean person of the inner apartment is still in life." "Is your noble son doing well at school?" "The stupid little dog has learned a few characters." "Indeed, you are too polite and deferential." "I dare not presume to claim a reputation." Now let me quote a little from one of our Chinese classics—one of the books of Confucius, written 450 b.c. —and I wish you would note how well it corresponds to the fundamentals of American table manners :— "When you entertain anyone or eat at his table, pay the strictest attention to propriety ; be careful not to devour your victuals greedily ; never drink long draughts; avoid making a noise with your mouth or teeth ; neither gnaw bones nor throw them to the dogs; never sop up the broth that is left when everyone else is done; nor testify by external signs, the pleasure you receive from any particular food or wine ; neither pick your teeth, blow upon wine which is too hot, nor make a new sauce to whatever is placed before you ; take small bites at a time ; chew your victuals well and never let your mouth be too full." Here is a little Chinese story which could not have applied to dining customs in this country. Several years ago a Chinese grandmother celebrated her 70 years birthday. All of her grandchildren prepared shoes and clothing and other things as presents for her. Among those who came to congratulate her was a very ignorant fellow, who did not know at all how to conduct himself at such a place. He had a smart wife, however, who knew how much her husband didn't know. She had nicknamed him, "Ignorance." She was one of those loving wives who like to call and to be called pet names. Before the feast she had said to him privately, "Ignorance, you must not go to the feast; you haven't any table manners to speak of. You stay at home and we'll have a good time." But Ignorance was stubborn, and like most men he said, "I'm anxious to get a square meal once. Besides, if I don't go, my friends will think that I was told not to come, and will despise me." His wife thought that he was right. She said, "Ignorance, you get a string and let me show you a thing or two." Her husband returned in a short time with a piece of cord several yards long, "Here, my dear, is the cord." The wife replied, "When you go to the feast you must let me know. When you sit down at the table, tie this string to a button-hole. Then I will come, pretending to bring in food. When nobody is looking give me the cord, and I'll drop the end out of the window. When you feel me pulling the cord, you may take a bite, but don't eat unless I pull it." "All right," said Ignorance, "I get your idea." Ignorance went to the feast all right. He sat down at the table. He threw the end of the cord out where his wife could get it. Soon afterwards he felt gentle tugs, and immediately he began operations with his chopsticks. It was a wonderful success, until it was disturbed by something they hadn't reckoned on. The Chinese keep ducks and chickens in the house, and it so happened that a big chicken got tangled in the string. Ignorance felt a few jerks in rapid succession. His wife seemed to be pulling very fast. He couldn't eat fast enough. Finally, in desperation he got up, and poured the food in his pocket. All the guests were astonished, and at last burst out into laughter. Ignorance, feeling that he had done something improper, arose and dashed out of the house. He found his wife, and the two went home together in sorrow. For a few minutes now I want to speak to you on a subject which is of interest to most people—our marriage customs. And you will think, perhaps, that they are the strangest and worst customs that could possibly be invented. Most people in this country are in love, or have been at some time. If you don't come in these two classes then you must be in that class which hopes to be. A few words about our love and marriages. I can say all there is to be said about love in one or two words: we have no love in China. The two sexes in China are strictly kept apart. The girls do not associate with the house-servants, and not freely with their own brothers. Under these conditions a young Chinaman, growing weary of his single state, and desiring the tender touches of a woman's hand under his roof, must acquire the lady through his parents, and betrothal is conducted through a go-between. He cannot see her, the lady of his choice, nor can he write to her. A friend of mine in this country told me that he wrote six letters a week to his sweetheart, and from the letters he read to me, I guess that he was very much in love, for anybody who could receive a letter reading, "D-d-dearest, I dreamed last night that I kissed you, etc.," must be involved in an awful case of love. We can never carry on this way in China. Occasionally it happens that fathers pledge their unborn children with those of their friends; but, in general, marriage engagements are made at the age of ten or later. Frequently poor people who wish their sons to marry well take into their families small girls not wanted by their parents, raise them until they become of marriageable age, and finally bestow them in marriage upon their sons. The beauty of this method is its cheapness. If the girls were bought when grown they would cost 100 or 120 dollars. They can be raised much cheaper. The purchase money of a wife is devoted to wedding purchases. Let us follow a wedding. Miss Sia Geh-gan, who is going to get married, must stay alone for three days without eating any rice or food except a few cakes and dry substances. During these three days her mother is very busy preparing a big wardrobe and also a large supply of furniture, such as big wash-tubs, wash-pans, beds, etc. When everything is ready the bride is dressed and combed by her mother; white powder is put on her face and red paint on her lips; her eyebrows are made slanting. There may be beautiful girls in America but you should see a Chinese girl when she is dressed for her wedding. When the lucky day for the wedding comes, Mr. Li Hong Kiong sends a chair to the home of his bride. This is a box-like affair, carried by coolies or labouring men. In front walks a courier, who acts as a guide to those carrying the chair. Also in front of the bride's chair are large pieces of pork or a large baked hog. You may wonder what these are for. Well, I'll tell you. Over in my country there are demons and frightful beings lurking by the roadside, and waiting to follow a bride's chair to her new home and kill both herself and her husband the first night in their chamber. They are very hungry creatures and desire to eat these newly married people, but when this pork is placed where they can find it, they do not follow the procession, and go back to their hiding places. The bride has not wanted to leave her home, at least she pretends to be very sorrowful. She calls out her mother's name, and says, "Main là, Main lâ, Ginâ un cing chrâ," which means, "Mama, mama, I do not wish to marry." One of the coolies, however, shuts the door of the chair, but she keeps on crying until the next village is reached. Then her mother begins to pour a pan of water on the outside and bottom of the chair. This process means that she loves her daughter and is sorry to lose her. The procession is now re-arranged with the addition of many red boxes and trays, which contain the wardrobe and kitchen utensils. As the procession approaches the house of the bridegroom, the courier who proceeds it rushes forward to announce the coming of the bride. She is now saluted with choice specimens of Chinese music : gongs are beaten; fire crackers are shot to welcome her to her new home. This may seem to be a heathen custom to you, but you mustn't forget the antics you indulge in when your friends marry. Now the bridegroom comes out of his house amid this racket, and opening the door of the chair, leads the bride into his house. There together they worship before wooden images of their ancestors. Here are found two cups of wine, which they must drink. The go-between serves them ; the husband, or bridegroom, really drinks his portion but the bride can only make a pretence, as a large hat completely covers her face. Then they go together into a chamber where the husband removes the hat and mantle from his wife, and now looks upon her, perhaps for the first time in his life. What would your newspapers say if such a thing happened in this country. After he has considered his bride for some time, the guests enter the chamber and make all kinds of disturbances. They say all kind of evil and disagreeable things and prophesy most dismal happenings. It is the women who make the severest criticisms. Again are we like you. Since I have been in your country I have learned that when a man, whom a good many girls like, marries one of them, the disappointed ones are not slow in expressing their opinions about the bride's homeliness and lack of womanly qualities. Well, over in China we do it the same way. Our bridegroom, Mr. Li Hong Kiong, now carries his bride over to the side of the room where two lighted lanterns are suspended from the ceiling. It is her duty to change the places of these lanterns. This act means that she will love her husband. The guests still insist upon annoying this happy couple. They may take a tank of water and put several small fish in it. If the bridegroom cannot catch these, they punish him by pinching him, or by removing the jewels and ornaments from his wife. He can free himself from his tormentors only by giving them money or candies. Among Americans cigars and cake are given to the members of the horse-fiddle orchestra, who play sweet tunes before the door of the bride's home on the wedding night. All this first night the Chinese wife and husband are not allowed to rest, it being supposed that if everything becomes quiet on the first night evil spirits will enter the chamber and kill the newly-married couple. You can imagine how I felt when I landed at San Francisco and met many, many men walking with women on the street. It seemed to me to be downright disgraceful and contrary to everything right or even decent. Since the day of my landing, however, I have gradually become accustomed to seeing men and women associating everywhere. I so thoroughly approve of it now that I firmly believe when I go back to China I will be homesick to see this old and good custom among you. Perhaps I shall so long to associate with the ladies of my nation on the street that I will attempt to reform our present method of treating our women. Maybe some day when you go to China you will see a big monument erected to me and saying on it that I was the man, the first man to recognise my lady friends when I met them walking through the streets. Over there we are disgraced almost if we speak to a woman in public. Even if we know them we are supposed to turn our heads and ignore them completely. You would call this "snubbing" here, but with us it is the only correct method and polite way of treating our ladies. We will consider for a moment the laws and crimes of China. In some respects you could well pattern after us. It is commonly known in this country that the family of a Chinese criminal is held responsible for his crime. Indeed, we even go further, by including among those responsible the man's immediate neighbours, who are accused of not having exerted a good moral influence over him. We hold that good neighbours will make good neighbours, and the opposite. The ignorance of the neighbours is no excuse whatever. The average Chinese family is a huge and tangled one. Adoptions, late, early, and repealed marriages are responsible for a hopeless confusion of relations. But above this complex family there is a definite head who must answer for the behaviour of the younger ones. The father is partially responsible for the son and the son for the debts of his father. The elder brother exerts an influence over his younger brother. To illustrate : In 1873 a Chinese was convicted of having opened a grave of a relative of a member of an imperial family in order to rob it of gold and silver ornaments which had been buried in it. The entire family of the criminal, consisting of eleven members, one of whom was a baby a few months old, was put to death. The eleven people had not even known of the crime. The petty officials are responsible to the higher ; these, in turn, to those above them, and this responsibility does not terminate even with the Emperor, who feels answerable to heaven for the floods, famines, and calamities which overtake his land. This system tends towards the ignoring of crime, because a high officer who could not possibly have any means of knowing and of preventing the crime would ultimately be held responsible. Hence he endeavours to conceal the crime and avoid the punishment which his report would surely bring him. On the other hand, the fact that an open crime will bring punishment on someone causes greater vigilance on the part of the officers. You have a great railroad wreck in this country, it is due to criminal carelessness; you try a lot of men, who shift the responsibility, and in the end no one is punished. In China it is not so. One of the greatest evils in Chinese government is bribery, which is common everywhere. Many of the lower officials do not get pay enough to live on, and the only way to remedy this is to accept bribes. But now, since parts of China are opened to western civilisation, we hope for better things. We shall learn to model our government after yours, and then, of course, bribery will be unknown to us. The punishment of crime is of different kinds, but usually there is more or less torture. Beating is very common. Sometimes the cheeks are beaten, and if the crime is greater, punishment is administered analogous to that which the school teacher in this country lavishes on the small boy. The fingers and ankles are often squeezed. This compression has a loosening effect upon the tongue of the victim, compelling him to confess his crime or anything which the accuser desires. Beheading is the usual method of capital punishment. The execution may be done with one blow of the sword, or may end a mutilating process in which the unfortunate victim is delicately and artistically sliced into small pieces. Strangulation is the least disgraceful of capital punishments, because the body is left unmutilated. For the minor crimes banishment is sometimes inflicted. One of the crimes which is most exasperating to the Chinese is theft. In the crowded population stealing is considered as a menace to society. When a thief becomes a chronic nuisance he disappears in much the same fashion as those undesirable characters were lost sight of in your early western days. Sometimes the victim is stabbed, but more frequently he is buried alive. One young man, who was insane, developed a mania for stealing. The members of his own family held a consultation, and he was dropped into a hole made in the ice of a neighbouring river. Without doubt the remedy cured his stealing habits. In some of the country districts those who are caught stealing corn or fruit in the fields are burned to death. Such a penalty may be inflicted on one who breaks just a single stalk. But, I am glad to say, many of these horrible punishments are contrary to the law, and the officials are doing their best to stop the practice. (To be conttinted.) EDITORIAL. Letters, &amp;c, intended for the Editor should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. PUBLICATION. All business communications relative to the publication of The Egoist should be addressed, and all cheques, postal and money orders, &amp;c, made payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley                                 House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C, and should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." Terms of Subscription.—Yearly, 13/- (U.S.A., 3 dollars 25 cents); Six Months, 6/6 (U.S.A., 1 dollar 63 cents); Three Months, 3/3 (U.S.A., 84 cents). Single Copies 7d., post free to any address in the Postal                          Union. ADVERTISEMENTS. All orders, letters, &amp;c, concerning advertisements should be addressed to the Advertisement Manager, The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. DON JUAN. Idyll. She sat in the milk-drinking hall with her mother and drank thick yellow-white milk and ate close, fragrant, golden-brown, country bread with butter and honey. It was a Sunday afternoon in summer. At six o'clock Albert came. Then she turned rose-colour. Albert ordered close, fragrant, country bread with butter and honey. The girl laid her hand on the back of his chair, and touched him gently. Her mother said: "You are absent-minded to-day, Albert ....!" "One cannot develop one's self," said he abruptly. "Mrs. E., who had been reading my essay 'Truth,' said to-day, ' He ought to spend a summer at Carlsbad or Marienbad—somewhere where he can feel the pulsations of a wider life.' " The girl laid her hands in her lap and turned quite pale. Her mother said: "A true poet, my dear young man....." "No," said Albert, "One cannot create out of the void. You don't understand ! Do you wish to decide what shall be stimulating to us .... 1 Our sources of inspiration are our sources of inspiration. Women are often this mysterious thing. When they are .... ! To me, for instance, the eyes of the twelve-year old Francie are bewitching. ..." The girl looked down. " Yes," he said firmly," it is so! It is the expression of pure original Nature .... it intoxicates me." At such times the girl looked upon this idealist, this enthusiast, as an enemy who despised her delicate soul. She did him injustice. But did she know that 1 She lived in him, in him, only in him ....! Once she had said: "I believe I can be of some little use to him .... for that, I live." The mother looked upon her daughter as a martyr. She felt everything with her, only in a more self-seeking way and hated the idealist, who wanted to "develop" himself and whom the eyes of the twelve-year old Francie intoxicated. "Let us pay," said Albert They walked slowly through the quiet hot streets. They were all silent. Albert walked by the side of the girl. A street—a street-corner—a street, a street-corner, the door of the house—the quiet hall—the quiet stairs—brim, brim, brim, brim—the quiet ante-room—the quiet sitting-room. Twilight. Albert sat down in an arm-chair. The girl sat in the window. Albert stared straight in front of him. The girl began to cry quietly. She cried and cried. . . Her mother came in softly and went out again. . . . That was the summer evening of that Sunday, to which the girl had looked forward the whole week—the whole long week. Music. The little girl was practising the piano. She was twelve years old and had wonderful soft eyes. He walked quietly up and down the room—up and down. He stood still—and listened and was strangely moved. There were a couple of wonderful bars which kept on coming back. And the little girl brought out of them all that was in them. As though a child had suddenly become grown-up! "What is that you are playing? " said the man ....! "Why do you ask? That is my Albert study—Bertini No. 18 ; when I play it I can't help thinking of you." "Why____I" "I don't know, it just is so." As though a child had suddenly become a woman ! Again he walked gently up and down. . . . The little girl went on practising. Bertini No. 19, Bertini No. 20. Bertini No. 21, 22, 23 ... . but the soul did not come back again. In the Public Garden. It was seven o'clock in the evening. A hot, hot evening. The nineteenth of June. In the streets there was the sleepiness and the stink of a summer in town. In the little piece of garden behind the gilded grating it was like the country. The white almond blossom, the white acacias, the yellow laburnum bushes gave out their scent. On the little round patches of grass there lay dark-green garlands of shiny leaves. That was the Art of Gardening-culture. But everywhere there were glittering yellow buttercups scattered about. That was not Art. It was Nature. They sat upon iron seats. The young woman had on a heliotrope coloured silk dress. The wide silk sleeves were trimmed with cream-coloured lace. Then came her hand, a delicate white hand. The young man on her right considered this hand to be a living work of art : it was so delicate, so white and so supple. Each finger was like a slim ballet-dancer and the entire little work of art moved up and down from the wrist as though it were on a hinge of steel and india-rubber. The young woman once said to a man (she was then wearing a light green silk dress with white frills) : "What is a 'proper' sort of woman? Is it any merit? I only feel that Life as it is leaves no superfluous melancholy, no boredom and no longing. . . . I shall always be like that. It gives me pleasure when people admire my clothes, my taste. I don't kiss my husband, or look tenderly at him, but I am contented, like a child at its mother's breast. It sucks and sucks, stops, looks at its mother, and goes on sucking, and is extremely satisfied with existence. It is really like the time when one was quite a little creature. That is how I live ! I think all happy women live like that. How else should they live ? In a storm of feelings ? That is certainly not happiness. Happiness is movement that has become rest. That is happiness." Now she sat in a heliotrope coloured silk dress, in the public garden, between her husband and Albert, and breathed in the damp cool scent of the grass, the sweet breath of the almond-blossom, and of the acacias. She said, "Let us make some poetry . . . . !" "Do, please go on," said Albert. "They sat upon three iron chairs," began the young woman. Albert: "There was a smell of almond-blossom" . . . "No," said the husband, "there was a smell of the little girl's cotton frock, of dust and of india-rubber balls." She: "Mary stared at the flag on the tower of the town hall." He: "Albertus stared at the flag on the tower of the town hall. ..." She (blushing): "You mustn't copy all I say; you must compose independently. ..." He : " Upon the flag in the roof of the town-hall, their glances met. . . ." "Good evening, Francie," said the husband, and interrupted the poets. The little girl had on a rose-red dress, like a shirt. Her rounded arms were naked, and her neck and her rosy legs, too. She stood up, straight as a dart, and said "Good evening," then she sat on the knee of the young man, who had composed the poem. "The meeting at the flag in the town." He put his arm around her and pressed her gently, tenderly towards him. He said softly in her ear, "Bertini, No. 18." "Sh-sh !" she said, turning quite red. He stood up and said good-bye to the young husband and wife. "I must go and see Mrs. M.," said he. "Yes, go," said the young woman in the heliotrope dress, "she will be expecting you, now. . . ." Smiling, she gave him her lovely hand. He felt the warm, soft yielding palm. When he let it go, the young woman always felt his entreaty: "Oh, let me keep it a little longer .... a little longer. How can it hurt you?" "I will come with you," said the little girl, and clung on to him. Arm in arm they went through the heavy blossom-scented avenues. He stopped and bowed. There sat a lady with expressive nervous features, a girl with ash-coloured fair hair and a pale distinguished face. She wore a dull brown straw hat with white chrysanthemums. "We have been waiting an hour," said her mother, "Where have you been?" "Miss Francie," said the young man, introducing his little friend in the rosy-red shirt. He did not say where he had been. The child looked hard at the girl. Ah, the insight of children. . . . "I must go back to father," said she. "No, stay here," said Albert. He sat down next to the girl with the pale face, and took the child on his knee. "Are you fond of Albert," said the girl, turning quite red. "First comes grandpapa, then comes somebody else (it was her dead mother) and then comes ' He.'" "And your father?" said the older lady. "He comes much later," said the little girl, family and decidedly. "You are a silly little thing," said Albert, and kissed the child. She nestled close to him. Then she jumped up, said good-bye, and ran off. "Hi, Francie," he called after her. "What is it?" said the rosy-red shirt. "Nothing," said the man. "Your little friend seems to be very fond of you," said the girl. "You even spoil children of eleven," said the mother, crossly. "I give her what her living father and her dead mother cannot give her .... Love." The mother said : " Women from nine years old onward oughtn't to be allowed to associate with you." She meant, however, "None except two,". . . . her daughter and herself. "Why," thought he, "I know a young woman of 23; she has wonderfully beautiful white hands and our looks meet on the flat of the town-hall.....What have I done to her? What harm do I do her?" The girl stared at the gravel of the Avenue. Albert said softly : "Are you angry with me for keeping you waiting. . . . ?" She stared at the gravel of the Avenue. She thought: "Angry, angry ....?" What golden times must those be when one is rich enough to dare to be angry. Queens lose their tempers so that they may enjoy the reconciliation ; but beggars .... ? But she thought it more simply, more touchingly— Really, she did not think it, she felt it. And she stared at the gravel of the Avenue, at the little patches of grass with the dark garlands and the light buttercups, and at the gilt spikes of the garden-gate. . . . The white almond blossom, the white acacia, the yellow laburnum bushes scented the warm heavy June air. Albert said : "The world is rich and beautiful. . . . !" But it was his "inner world." For the world around him was poor and trivial. Then are these too our "inner world," the scented almond blossom, the white acacia? And a white hand? And the smile of a child? And the broken heart of a woman ? These too! ! Peter Altenbero. Translated from the German by E. H. W. FIGHTING PARIS. September 5.—News much the same as last night, with the added information that thet'e is a spreading advance on the part of the enemy, which, having passed Reims, has reached La Ferté sous Jouarre. The weather this morning is wet and grey, for the first time for many weeks. To Paris. Called at several friends', and found they had fled. One, however, a single woman (J. P., the sculptor), remains. The day's gossip is to the effect that there has been fighting at Creil, where the Germans suffered heavy losses. I am told that a great number of coloured troops have been seen arriving in the early morning hours at the Porte d'Orléans— sepoys, Algerians, Japanese, and, I am assured, Kos-sacks. These would be the surprise Lord Kitchener referred to. Our neighbourhood is very quiet now, the flow of military motors having stopped simultaneously with the evacuation of the aviation camp at Chalais. This evening we strolled down to the terrace where a villa of Mme. de Pompadour once stood, and whence an extensive view of the valley below is obtained. Paris was almost dark, but three search-lights pointed like great fingers heavenward. These three shafts of light were the only things stirring, and except for the lonely sentinel on the bridge we were the only people out. September 6.—The nightmare seems to have passed, for the Germans are leaving Paris on one side to pursue their advance south-east. Doubtless they do not feel strong enough for an attack on Paris yet. Already last night we had begun to feel relieved of the oppression which had been weighing upon us. Mr. S. came home after several days' absence waiting for the Germans in town ! J. P. called in the afternoon, and towards six o'clock we went with her to the station to meet a troop-train, taking with us drinks and cigarettes in view, especially, of the "gentlemen in khaki." All the residents left in B. were gathered on the platform, one carrying a little ribbon-trimmed tray with jars of cream, another with cigars, another with a hamper full of chunks of bread, some with flowers, others with fruit. But no train ever came ! In the afternoon we heard the town-crier announcing that all firearms had to be brought to the mairie. In anticipation of possible looters people have hidden or removed their valuables, and we shall all eat off tin spoons till we are sure the Germans are at a safe distance ! The war will serve as an apology for much for a long time. Servants are dismissed, old clothes are worn, hospitality is reduced to the strictest minimum, everyone swears to utter im-pecuniousness; the belt of convention is let out here and tightened there; new personality, new customs are acquired. One spends one's time economising, persecuting everyone "not to leave the electric light on," "to be sparing with the gas, coals, butter, matches." One tries to reduce one's needs to a nicety, and there is little that does not seem (in theory) superfluous. How will the temper come out of it all ? A notice on the church door says Russian and Japanese soldiers have been seen landing on the Norman coast. September 7.—There has been fighting on the outskirts of the city, to the advantage of the allied armies. Perhaps some exceptional factor—mysteriously alluded to in the reports—is responsible for this. I am told that it was successful in annihilating companies of five hundred men at a time as they emerged from Com-piègne forest. Numbers of refugees from dangerous districts—in fact, the whole north-east of France—have in their rapid flight become separated from their relatives. In consequence the papers have opened special columns entitled "Réfugiés, Séparés, Disparus," wherein advertisements of this kind appear: "M. D-, who is at Rouen, has no idea where his son Pierre is, from whom he was separated during the journey." "M. Emile M-, of the factory at M-, is very anxious to hear from his wife, who was evacuated from B- (Oise)." "M. Albert C-, who, with his nephew, was obliged to leave B- C (Oise) to take refuge at La Q- (S. et O.), does not know what has become of his family, and would like to be informed." Took a walk in the woods, the first for many weeks. September 8.—The weather is so exquisite that it induces us to be optimistic. And the news is not unfavourable, though exceedingly laconic. It is said the Germans are wanting a decisive battle, in which the two armies, the one from the north the other from the east, would join before making an attack on Paris. The train service on our most important line has almost entirely ceased. So to Paris by other means. There were very few passengers in the train, and the stops were endless. You would have thought yourself on some deserted country line. Found Mr. V. in a very bad temper at not having been accepted in the ranks, and learning to make bandages to occupy himself ! Paris now looks like Paris on a Sunday, only more so. Every other shop is closed. The concierges sit sewing on their doorsteps and the children play on the pavements. A paper you always find sold out is the singularly well-informed Guerre Sociale. But had its editor not changed his internationalist policy he would most certainly have seen his organ suppressed. The gentleman who once said Joan of Arc was only a harlot, and that the most suitable place for his country's flag was the dung-hill, had, upon the declaration of war, expressed his desire to fight. Thereupon M. Poincaré sent for him and advised him to remain at the head of his party and, by his counsel, keep it in order. This advice was, so it is said, administered like a pill— namely, in jam. In other words, it paid him to follow it. . . . we have the proof in the immense popularity of his paper, hitherto only bought by adherents to his earlier principles. He tempers the eagerness he expresses in favour of this war, and his distinctly chauvinistic detestation of the Germans, by the policy which consists in holding with the hare and running with the hounds. Thus he writes: "Courage, piou-pious of France ! It is the last war ; it is the war of deliverance, for it will kill Prussian militarism, the corner-stone of European militarism!" Like so many before him, M. Hervé leads by misleading. How does he know but that this war will not, on the contrary, give rise to renewed militarism—or in a change of places merely 1 He knows he does'nt know anything, but the plea will tell. That is one thing he does know. One of the most brilliant ideas, either of this, our latest cabinet, or of General Gallieni himself, has been to call out next year's classe—the boys of nineteen or so, who were to have commenced their service twelve months hence, and who, in case of disturbance meanwhile, might have proved a nuisance. They were out of work, and out of the ranks ; a little preliminary military training will occupy them and keep them under supervision. September 9.—"Such is war, Fritzel! Look and remember! . . . Yes, such is war: it is death and destruction, fury and hatred, taking the place of all human feelings. When the Lord inflicts His curses upon us, when He sends us plague and famine, these, at least, are inevitable calamities decreed by His wisdom; but here, man has himself decreed this misery towards his brothers, and it is he who commits his ravages without pity. "Yesterday we lived in peace, we asked nothing of anybody, we had done no harm; and suddenly strange men come upon us and strike, ruin, and destroy us. Ah! let them be cursed, those who in their ambition provoke these misfortunes; let them be the execration of centuries! "Fritzel, remember; it is the most abominable thing on earth. Men who do not know each other, who have never seen each other, and who suddenly fall on and tear each other ! That alone should suffice to make us believe in God, for someone is needed to punish such iniquity." Erckmann-Chatrian : Madame Thérèse. This evening the town-crier announced that all men of the reserve forces who had been sent back to their homes must present themselves at once at their depots. This is a measure taken to satisfy certain recriminations in the Press. The Journal des Débats, now printed on one sheet at one sou, says Lille, Amiens, Arras, and a number of smaller towns are occupied by the Germans, who have already exacted ransoms from each. September 10.—A card from London posted on the 7th, saying a communication of mine sent on the 31st had only just arrived. The official bulletins announce that the Germans are being gently repulsed eastwards. The fighting in the direction of the Marne is continuous, and the parts visited by Parisians for boating on Sunday are great battlefields. After a long sequence of beautiful weather, this morning is annunciative of autumn. The air is fresh, the sky grey, the swallows fly low. Rain is at hand. To market. Only a few stalls are open, but those that are display a profusion and a variety of goods at the lowest possible prices : spinach, three or four kinds of beans, potatoes, salads of various descriptions, tomatoes, peas, leek, cabbages, cauliflowers, carrots, turnips, quantities of dairy produce, melons, pears, a few grapes (but these are rare), peaches. What natural wealth there is in France ! What a country blessed by God is this ! Not even in the heart of winter is this locality so deserted. It is completely dead. Not a person is to be seen ; all the houses are shut up, and there is no vehicular traffic of any kind. September 12.—The Germans are being steadily repulsed. However, a German aeroplane flew above Versailles yesterday. It is comforting to learn that the pictures in the Louvre have been removed to some safer place, while the sculpture is well protected, sacks of sand blinding the windows. Letter to-night, dated 5th, from M. O., who writes from her seaside town in the north: "I think a great deal of you, and am sorry you are still at B. Since you won't come here, I beseech of you to go into Paris, where you will, at any rate, be in a little more safety. . . . Here it is pitiful to see all the unfortunate refugees who arrive daily without the slightest belongings, and terrorised by what they have seen. There is not a bed to be found in the whole town, and everyone does what he can to help them." I was reminded by a circumstance this afternoon that the "cubists'" day of reckoning has come, for when this war is over the Germans will be very much impoverished, so who will there be to buy their pictures 1 The cubists will have to change their manner, and so no doubt they will—try. "I give them another two years," said a well-known young artist, M. de S. (once mistakenly confounded with them) to me some little time ago—just before this war was thought of. And I recall, also, a phrase of Rodin's in deference to German enthusiasm for anything and everything new, especially if it may be explained by some "system": "The Germans, they have taken the bit between their teeth of late years." The slow-moving Germans bolting off on a theory with the bit between their teeth was a charming metaphor, and how applicable to present circumstances ! When they do lose their heads slow-moving people are always the most dangerous, like bulls. It is not very encouraging for the French to read that the English are quietly attending race-meetings. It is the turn of the French to say "shocking!" September 12.—The German retreat continues. Maurice Barres may write, without being accused of conceit, in the following strain, for it is the truth: "The blood which is pouring forth to defend Paris is the most precious in the world. France here sacrifices what no other country can supply, regiments wherein each man belongs to the élite of humanity. I have not waited for this war to confirm my impression. I have not waited to read the lists of the dead, the letters of the living, the remarks of the wounded, expressing their impatience to return to the front. I have not waited to see all the youth of France hasten to the recruiting offices. Constantly and throughout the world, and on the return home, it is made plain—as wrell by our faults as by our oualities—that our race is the flowTer of humanity. The horror of it, should it be shed in vain, this blood of France!" Septpmber 13.—A terrific gale blew all through the night. The paper continues to give good news. References to wounded sepoys at Fontainebleau hospital. So the rumour of their arrival had some foundation. The Germans are in complete retreat. German officers have been seen weeping. There is a private rumour (brought to us by word of mouth, not referred to in the Press) that the English and Russians are together holding the Germans in check in the north. This would again confirm a recent private report of the landing of Russian troops on the coast of Normandy. To Paris by tram. The gates at Boulogne are blinded by wood panels. Long spiked guards are placed in readiness, as also cut trees, in view of obstructing cavalry. I had occasion to go into the Magasins du Louvre. Only part of the establishment is open, and there were few customers. The streets were humming with motor-cars driven by soldiers, some of them containing British troopers ; one. a fine white motor, was driven by an English soldier who was carefully keeping to his left ! There were also many requisitioned delivery vans—the most scratch collection—carrying ammunition and food. In the Avenue de l'Opéra I met a young friend, A. L., the poet, who had come from the provinces in expectation of a "call," in the most melancholy spirits. "How sad Paris is!" he observed. "How magnificent, on the contrary," said I. "How Ave shall miss all this when the war is over!" —meaning the busy traffic, the colour supplied by the uniforms, the flags with their various devices, the sensation that the essential only is being done. The shops that sell the stupid things are closed, and "Parisian" life, as generally understood, is at a discount. Consequently never has Paris been so attractive. And the pavements are not crowded, and everyone is polite to everyone, and people don't talk gossip about each other, one topic only occupying the mind of all. A war Avas needed to make peace. September 15.—To-day we went to the British hospital to bring some trifles for the soldiers Avho are in treatment there. A number of wounded had arrived in the morning, Ave were told. Some khaki uniforms lay empty and pitiful on a chair in the hall. The Porte Maillot, being one of the most important of Paris gate-Avays, and the one most likely to have been used by the Germans had they attempted an entrance, has been fortified in the most complete a\ay. At another gate, the Porte Champerret, similar precautions have been taken, but here no vehicular traffic is alloAved, and a small outlet gives access to foot-passengers. At the Etoile there was a procession of military waggons Avhich, to judge from their dirt and that of the soldiers, as Avell as the bunches of flowers adorning them, had come from the front. The soldiers Avaved merrily to us. A number of German prisoners, including a general, Avere directed toAvards Paris yesterday, and it Avas these the crowds expected at the different points where I saw them; but in A'ieAv of possible manifestations the convoy Avas given another destination at the last moment. September 17.—News somewhat stationary. Since the 14th a battle has been Avaging north of Soissons and Avest of Reims (\vhich the Germans have evacuated), on heights Avhere the enemy has taken a stand, and the only definite report is that "we" have not flinched at any point. Charles Péguy, author of "Le Mystère de Jeanne d'Arc." and editor-founder of "Les Cahiers de la Quinzaine," has met his death on the "field of honour," as they say here, struck by a bullet in the forehead. Charles Péguy Avas a crusader in his Avay, and it is sad to see the Avork he had begun and pursued so courageously suddenly broken off He was one of those rare examples of balance who, Avhile preserving their stability on earth, are ever ready to take flights heavenwards. "He endeavoured to give form" (writes Maurice Barres, in an obituary article) "to the extraordinary abundance of sentiments the figure of Jeanne d'Arc awakens. He exalted the heroic and sublime Avhile preserving the sane qualities of his peasant origin. During life a master, he became through death a hero of French thought." Following the lead of the smaller Société Nationale, the Société des Artistes Français, which numerically is the most important as also the oldest of French art unions, has decided to refuse admission to all exhibitors of German nationality henceforth, this measure being even more drastic than that taken by the rival society, which only intends to exclude Germans from its membership lists. The Germans— I hear and I am convinced of it—entertain far more bitter animosity towards the English than towards the French. Here, once again, they give proof of that lack of perspicacity which characterises so many of their actions. For however much of tolerance they themselves may feel for the French, this will not in the least soften the French towards them. Here, Germanophobism is atavistic, inherent. Every child has sucked in hatred for the German with his mother's milk. The lack of sympathy that may exist on the part of the English for the Germans is a mere pleasantry compared with the hatred of the French. Time and a genuine desire to overcome national prejudices had somewhat attenuated French resentment towards Germany of recent years, but this invasion of the patrie has aroused all the old bitterness. The French can hate as no other people can, and no attempt on the part of the Germans to push the responsibilities of this war on to England will in any way contribute towards a forgiveness on the part of the French. September 16.—Very wet, stormy, and cold weather ; terrible conditions for fighting. I had occasion to talk with two soldiers in hospital to-day (troopers in a Highland regiment). They had been among the first English soldiers to arrive in France, and had been taken ill almost at once with dysentery, but had suffered additionally from lack of sleep. More than an hour's consecutive rest they had never been able to obtain owing to the very quick movements of the Germans, who, arriving in motors and unencumbered with equipment, had the advantage over the others. On asking where they had been under fire, they answered they had taken part in the "Battle of Lagny" —as who might say, the Battle of Hastings, for we now talk of the Battle of this or that in this twentieth century of civilisation. These men had intellectual, gentle faces, and one of them resembled Sir James Barrie. They were in charming quarters, and well looked after by their French nurses. Other English soldiers were in treatment in the same house—" quite a few," as they said to me, but they were wounded and I did not see them. We found the poet F. R. V. very much elated at having been incorporated in a regiment composed entirely of foreign volunteers, and which, after some preliminary and very hard drilling, is off shortly for rifle practice in the provinces. The majority of recruits here are men out of work who have joined the ranks for a living. The regiment comprises Englishmen, Russians, Poles, Roumanians, Italians, Spaniards, Dutchmen, Jews, and the sergeants have much difficulty in pronouncing the names for the roll call, with the result that the men do not understand when their turn to answer comes. The papers continue to publish eulogies of the English troops. "The unanimous opinion is," writes a contributor to the Débats, "that they are admirable under fire, and whether they are going or coming back they are disconcerting to those who see them." Their joviality, even when wounded, their attention to personal cleanliness, and their humour, are motives for admiration. Every now and again, too, you see a motor containing an English soldier chatting merrily with his French colleagues. "Tommy," there is no doubt of it, has taken the French by surprise. Having vaguely pictured a red-faced, red-uniformed drunkard, the reality enchants them. Professionally they admire his steadiness under fire, but deplore a tendency to unnecessary exposure to danger. It is thought, in competent quarters, that the officers are not sparing enough of their men, the men not sparing enough of themselves, while the latter share the Germans' lack of individual initiative. It is curious to observe that men who in civil life may be hardly better than rags change their personality as soon as they join the ranks. A woman of the working class was reading a letter to me from her husband, who is being drilled in some provincial barracks before going to the front. This man in civil life is rather lazy and a complete fool. Now he is a man, with pluck and decision to spare. This evening our station looked like a bazaar, crowded as it was with ladies carrying trays, baskets, and flowers. When the train they were waiting for came in they made a rush for the two or three compartments containing soldiers (some belonging to Scotch regiments) and threw in the flowers and dainties, while the men leaned out bodily to snatch whatever they could reach, begging especially for bouquets. The British soldiers are the great curiosity. "Voilà les Anglais!" and everyone gets on tiptoe to have a look at them. They have learnt some kind of phrase which sounds like Patagonian, and which they chant forth every now and again. Whatever the Germans must have thought when they found they had to fight with Highlanders in France cannot be imagined, but the humour of the situation must have escaped them. September 20.—Rain and wind daily and nightly ! News is slow, and time passes drop by drop. M. Maurice Barres, who has been visiting battlefields and pillaged towns, writes to-day: "At Château Thierry I wanted to go over La Fontaine's house. The fable-writer's dog played behind the gates, his cats purred on a window-sill, but the custodian's wife told me the house could not be seen during the war. So I sought compensation for the disappointment in conversation with some English soldiers. . . . And how they laugh ! Dieu, how agreeable is the English accent ! and how pleasant is English laughter ! On all these faces lies something youthful. Have you noticed this expression so constantly met with on English features 1 An I-know-not-what of childhood persisting through all the ages of life." Before he knew him, the Frenchman regarded a British soldier as something about as comic as a British tourist, whom the French consider the funniest specimen of humanity in the world. The passage quoted from Maurice Barres recalls the remarks of such of our French companions during a recent trip across the Channel who were visiting England for the first time: "All these people," said a young author to me, "have such 'clean' (propres, by which he meant upright, honest, reliable, unmalicious) faces." The French are physiognomists. When they travel they look at humanity as eagerly as others look at stones. They have no prejudices with regard to "staring." They find a world of interest in a face, whereas the average Englishman will travel round the globe without having seen one, and this because he has been brought up "not to stare" or "make remarks." The French "stare" and "make remarks" to a fault, I admit, but sometimes they acquire knowledge in the process; the English never "stare" or "make remarks," but also to a fault, and so do not acquire knowledge. To a foreigner who has eyes and to an Englishman who has lived much abroad the sight of an honest English face (not that of a missionary, for example, but a genuine Englishman—a rustic, a sailor, a soldier) is a great comfort. In short, the English people is "touching." It is the only people—except the Russian—of which this can be said. The rest of the world is too clever, too astute. And the French have found the British "Tommy" "touching." England does not love its people, but I know foreigners who do. Yesterday I saw a man, a common man, push his way in mute emotion through the crowd on B-platform to grasp the hand of a British trooper. . . . Would I, three months ago, have thought I should live to see so extraordinary a sight in my waking hours To-night we read that, as a consequence of German bombarding, the admirable, the unique cathedral of Reims, is in flames. This deed of lunacy will dissipate whatever little pity there might still be lingering somewhere for a nation in the holocaust it has brought down upon itself. September 22.—The bitterest effects consequent upon this war begin to assert themselves now. Whether they are the natural result of the circumstances or caused by ill-management it is impossible to say, but there are many sacrifices the public would be more ready to make than to be so wholly severed from fighting friends, who in their turn seem hardly ever to receive the communications addressed to them. I know of one young friend of ours who thinks himself utterly neglected. His letters arrive, but the answers to him do not. As to the ambulance-services, the papers compare those organised in the English Army with the French, to the great disadvantage of the latter. Hints are thrown out which are anything but reassuring to anxious relatives. September 23.—The censor's eliminations can give very amusing results. The Guerre Sociale yesterday contained more blank columns than text, while the few sentences left here and there in the midst of absent articles swam about like the survivors of a wreck. Many of them, from being severed from their context, were absolutely senseless. In the Echo de Paris, seldom submitted to these operations one article begins: "M. Malvy, Minister of the Interior, is compiling documents referring to the German occupation. The idea is good! But what data he has to glean from! What robberies, murders, cowardice, infamy! The day they are made public the world will be sick. I will here supply him with a further document. Here it is "—or, rather, "here it is not," for there follows a blank space and the signature. The platform for the train home to-day at the Gare Montparnasse was a sight—Callot and Goya brought to life ! Out of ten soldiers nine were hurt. This one leaned on a stick, that one on two; a third had to be supported; another had crutches; another's head was bandaged; yet others had bandaged hands or carried their arms in slings. All were, from head to foot, grey with dust and mud; their uniforms, ragged, colourless, always too big for them, made them look like poor, maimed and starved perfomers in a circus, for there was something dismally grotesque about them in their carnivalesque remnants of costume suggestive of revellers who have been out all night. They had gone to the battle as one goes to the fair, laughing, singing, in brand-new suits : they have come back in tatters, so silent that they do not even complain. September 24.—He who has not witnessed the sights one may now see daily at this station cannot believe them from mere description. "Room for the wounded!" cry the agents deputed to keep order, and slowly and miserably there files by a procession such as we have only seen hitherto in Academical pictures, on the stage, perhaps, at wax-works—men whose legs do not carry them, and who yet must drag themselves along; men wearing bespattered, faded uniforms, their faces haggard, sallow, sunken, their eyes wild, their bodies shrivelled— they make me think of the retreat over the Beresina. All the men whose wounds have been healed or who have been given a rest return to headquarters by the same train, with these examples to encourage them ! Their womenkind have had the unfortunate idea to accompany them to the station (they are luckily not allowed on the platforms), and the partings are pitiful. I saw one young man in soldier's garb sob while two women who were saying good-bye to him and were visibly biting their lips to keep down the tears, repeated: "What will you, since it must be?" In England no idea can be formed of the wrench to family life this war means in France, where husbands and fathers have to leave their steady homes and all the work begun at a moment's notice. . . And thus, when one lives in the midst of atmosphere so dramatic, when daily one sees sights such as I endeavour to describe, but of which I can give but the faintest idea, since I cannot convey the heart-throbbings, the mourning, the hourly anxiety, the privations both physical and moral ; when, at every moment, one has occasion to ask this one "Have you news of your son?" that one "Have you news of your husband ?" (not to speak of those who have to suffer in silence and alone, for secret attachments, friendships, and the like); when the only conversation you hear and overhear is about "him," the one who is at the front somewhere ; under these circumstances—at once too grand and tragic, and at the same time too reminiscent of things read and pictured over and over again to be completely realised as true—under these circumstances, I say, one is a little ashamed to see in some paper that England is expecting to "welcome" Mademoiselle Gaby what-is-her-name?— of the Lilies or the Delights—while religious France (and all France is religious in its way to-day) is praying on its knees to Joan of Arc. Muriel Ciolkowska. (To be continued.) THE EGOISTS. There is a merry little group in England, And two or three of their names are beautiful or quaint, Who have inherited a custom common among children, That of finding fences and pavings and houses and railway stations, And even, in far fragrant places, the trunks of trees, For writing and interwriting their names and their initials in divers colours and bold sizes, And now and then, to show their knowledge of the great reason for being, A hot, unchildlike word. —Why should we scold or laugh at them or wish their work undone, Or wince before that word, And not grant them their childhood, Their bright and brief importance in the world, Their flourish and their imitative heat! Time will consume them soon enough, Dissolve their names and ours And build new fences, pavings, houses, railway stations, For other children's names— And wind new bark in the far fragrant places. Witter Bynner. (American rights reserved.) CORRESPONDENCE. Note to Correspondents.— While quite willing to publish letters under noms de plume, we make it a condition of publication that the name and address of each correspondent should be supplied to the Editor.—Ed. CARTER, CRAIG, RELNHARDT, WAGNER AND BLAKE. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, In a letter printed in the July number of "The Mask," Mr. Huntly Carter takes the trouble to apologise for his inadequate (to put it mildly) treatment of Mr. Gordon Craig in his recent volume on "The Theatre of Max Reinhardt." To do Mr. Carter justice, he explains in this letter that the book was written two years ago, at a time when he "was feeling bitter with everyone and everything," and that owing to some difficulty with his publisher certain additional illustrations and letterpress which would have partly rectified the wrong have been wilfully left out. Why on top of this Mr. Carter, when writing of Mr. Craig, should continue to make such careless statements as appeared in his article in The Egoist of October 1, it is difficult to understand. I refer particularly to the following: "... it was Germany in the person of Wagner who (sic) made the modern discovery of the mystic form of drama and bequeathed it tr Craig, Reinhardt, and others." The reference to Wagner is peculiarly unfortunate. I have heard Mr. Craig say that he detested Wagner. As a matter of fact, the two are fundamentally opposed. Wagner tried to combine the arts, and produced the hyphenated product known as the music-drama. But the whole burden of Mr. Craig's task is to separate the arts, once and for all. He is sufficiently jealous of the independence of music to wish his own art the same distinguished aloofness! Again, who has ever heard of anyone handing down mysticism? I daresay that even as a mystic, Mr. Craig would prefer to be associated with another Englishman, Blake, rather than with Wagner ; that is to say, having natural propensities for mysticism, Mr. Craig has reinforced them by his study and profound admiration of Blake. As for Reinhardt among the mystics! Well, well! John Cournos. MISS MARSDEN AND ARCHISM. To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, Miss Marsden has hit the "bull's eye" of reason (in her editorial, "The Illusion of Anarchism," on September 15), as to the relation of the human individual to other human individuals in the social order. We are all Archists. Every ego, whether psychic, physical,! or social, is archistic. Archism is the very central principle of life; it is that which gives birth to the ego. Every ego or unity is archistic as to its unity. But Miss Marsden falls into the mire of unreason, as to what fehe calls the "success" of this archism, in establishing the "interests" of its unity. Archism is successful only when it establishes life, more and more abundantly ; that is to say, when it obeys (?) as perfectly as possible the universal laws of life. Archism does not "win" life because of its aggressiveness alone ; it wins life because it is aggressive, and to the degree that it is aggressive, in favour of, or in obedience to, the universal laws of life. Again, "the ought" is not "set in authority" by the preacher. Conscience is a psychical ego, established by the processes of life in the human individuality, set in authority by invincible self-suggestion. And further, "public opinion"—or rather the unity of those who hold it—is only a form of archistic social ego, which may or not be based upon one or more of the universal laws of life. Hence "success," "domination," "possessing the earth," are hot necessarily life. And Miss Marsden fails to reason when she speaks of anarchists, etc., as not being archistic. Any social ego is archistic in so far as it establishes its unity ; and the world is to the successful ego for the time being whether it be anarchistic or what not. All social egos go down in their turn, to give place to others in proportion as their unity is, or is not, based upon the universal laws of life. Whether there will ever be a unity— an ego—based absolutely upon these laws, is not in question ; formation of a unity of life based ever more and more in accordance with these laws, being the history of evolution from the amoeba to man—from the cosmic dust to the cosmos. Also, is not Miss Marsden herself a verbalist when she speaks of "love"? Love is a universal law of life, and when the' archism of love is built upon this universal principle, more and more abundant life is the outcome of such archism ; while more and more death of love is the result of archism not so built. Love can never even be born—come to life—in archism based upon "public opinion," social standards, personal, or egoistic interests. The ego or unity will come into its own, only wherever and whenever its archism enables it to possess—not the earth, but life, life, life, ever more and more abundantly. Miss Marsden utters gratuitous prophecy when she says that men will never take seriously to anarchism or humanitarianism. Men have taken—are taking seriously to these things constantly and more and more. Anarchism and humanitarianism are the very essence of "the will to create, to construct, to set the pattern of the will upon the world of events "—(in the large)— by anarchists and humanitarians, as social egos. Such social egos have the same sort of "success" in their archism as have other social or individual egos ; but they will not gain life more and more abundantly by means of it, unless their archism is built upon the universal laws of life. And who is to say ever, at any one point of evolution, whether any archism is built absolutely upon these laws? The test is in the ever more and more of life, that can never be measured in any one stage of existence. This alone we can know—that archism is a universal principle of life—this alone can we do—use this principle of life to the best of our knowledge in adjustment to the other universal laws of life. Thus may we be as sure, as we can ever be, that we are gaining life more and more abundantly, whether we are anarchists, embargoists, humanitarians, culturists, christians, pagans or even egoists(!). Alice Groff. A REPLY TO MISS GROFF. To the Editor, The Egoist, Madam, In reference to your correspondence column, may I state one of my limitations. I do not feel competent to carry on controversies in Greek. Chinese or mumbo-jumbo, and am not, therefore, in a position to speak with conviction on the subject of universal laws or on the cosmic—spiritual or otherwise. I have often-times heard these phrases before, but always they have meant nothing to me, and I remain to this day puzzled as ever when I hear them. The honours which belong to this part of your correspondent's contentions I must therefore beg to be permitted to cede to her. To homely remarks, such as that "all anarchists are archists," I can respond. Miss Groff is good enough to reinforce me : I made a like observation. The anarchist doctrine is in fact a form of cant in such an advanced stage of maturity that it is synonymous with cant's corruption. All cantatists would do well to make themselves aware of this stage to which it is a tendency of matured cant to run, viz., where the "chant" will impose, not merely upon the audience as intended, but upon the cantatists themselves. It is cant's Nemesis which thus rudely, alas! terminates its brief uses. Most anarchists quite unintentionally are its victims : quite sincere and very far gone. If only Proudhon had used the word "embargois't," instead of "anarchist," as the distinguishing label for this cast of temper, he would have hit off the archistic "anarchists" on their positive side instead of putting emphasis on a negative which is, to boot, the reverse of accurate. If then your correspondent and I agree that anarchists are not anarchistic, and that anarchism is a misnomer, how can it be a "gratuitous prophecy" (whatever that may mean) to say that "men will never take to it seriously." What one might say is that a very great number of men will be very ready to advocate embargoism for the stronger members of the community. This is quite natural, in the feebler, but men with "the will to create, to construct, to set the pattern of their will on the world of events" strongly ingrained in them "will never be restrained by any spiritual embargo." This they can afford "to leave to those whose will would count for little anyway." Which is the substance of the paragraph from which Miss Groff takes her further text. By the gist of her letter I am gratified to see it re-indorsed. Dora Marsden. IS WAR AN ILLUSION? To the Editor, The Egoist. Madam, There is a point raised in my mind by Mr. Huntly Carter's article on war, which I should like to have made clear. As far as I understand his notes on "The War and some Survivals" in your last issue, modern warfare is, in his opinion, wholly destructive, lacking even the advantage of primitive warfare. He tells us that barbaric or tribal warfare promotes human evolution, and civilized warfare does the reverse. The latter kills off the physically fit and leaves the "charlatans and weaklings." What exactly does he mean by "weaklings"? "Civilized warfare" tends to kill off the physically fit, but it does not eliminate the most mentally fit, because a person may be mentally fit to do the bes,t work, yet physically unfit to join the army. Does this mean that if modern warfare continued long enough, the result would be a surviving population of mentally fit? If so, surely "civilized warfare" would -promote human evolution as did barbaric or tribal warfare in earlier days. Florence M. Bradford. The Little Review Lowers Its Price $1.50 a Year :: 15 Cents a Copy THE LITTLE REVIEW Literature Drama Music Art MARGARET C. ANDERSON EDITOR THE NEW MONTHLY WHICH HAS BEEN CALLED "THE MOST VITAL THING EVER STARTED IN AMERICA." 917 FINE ARTS BUILDING, CHICAGO  READERS of THE EGOIST are asked to become SUBSCRIBERS This is the most effectual way of helping the Paper. SUBSCRIPTIONS must be sent to The New Freewoman Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders and Postal Orders should be crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Freewoman Ltd. For Terms of Subscription see below. THE EGOIST Subscription Form Please send me THE EGOIST for from for which I enclose Name Address TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION :- early ... 13/- ; U.S.A., 3 dollars 25 cents. Six Months ... 6/6;  1 dollar 63  Three Months 3/3;  ...... 84 Orders should be sent to The New Freewoman, Ltd., Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. All Cheques, Money Orders, and Postal Orders should be crossed "Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch," and made payable to The New Free-woman, Ltd. Poetry A Magazine of Verse. Endeavours to publish the best poems now written in English; Reviews and discusses new books and verse: Promotes in every possible way the interests of the art. If you believe that this art, like painting, sculpture, music, and architecture requires and deserves public recognition and support, subscribe. POETRY, 543, Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Send Poetry for one year ($1.50 enclosed) beginning to Name Address The Drama 736, MARQUETTE BUILDING, CHICAGO. A Quarterly devoted to the Development of a Wide and Intelligent Interest in Drama. Each issue of THE DRAMA contains a translation of a complete play. These plays, not otherwise accessible in English, represent especially the leading dramatists of the continent. THE DRAMA, in addition, devotes attention to modern stagecraft, new types of theater building, organisations for drama reform, "little theater" movements, and all pertinent subjects. Significant books on dramaturgy are reviewed. Single copies, seventy-five cents. Yearly Subscription, three dollars. Printed by Partridge &amp; Cooper, Ltd., Fleet Street, London, E.C., and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman, Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street. London. W C.