The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist No. 5.—Vol. III. MONDAY, MAY 1st, 1916. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editor: RICHARD ALDINGTON. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS page The Little Demon. By Richard Aldington . . 65 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . 66 Dialogues of Fontenelle—I. Translated by Ezra Pound ........ 67 A Master-Writer. By Ciolkowski .... 68 A Life. By Richard Aldington .... 69 page "voici l'eau froide dont on se rafraichit en enfer." By B. Durak . . . .69 Liberations— X. By Leigh Henry .... 70 Two Poems. By Marianne Moore . . . .71 Serial Story.— Tarr. By Wyndham Lewis . . 72 THE LITTLE DEMON By Richard Aldington THIS book of Sologub's is not a kindly one; it is harsh, bitter, and a little contemptuous. The author is not a blissful optimist—on the contrary. He sees that there is evil in men and in their relationships, especially in those small aggregations of men in provincial towns, where the familiarity of each person with every one else's affairs gives the widest scope to evil instincts. In great towns there is evil, but it is so vast that it becomes impersonal, unreal: one passes through the horrible lanes of East London, one catches glimpses of its perverted, sordid life, but it is all like a dream. We do not know these outcasts; these drink-sodden, filthy features are strange to us; we may feel horror or poignant disgust or deep sympathy, but the faces pass, we leave these noisome alleys, and the impression fades, the evil becomes fantastic and unreal. Again, in the open country, where villages are no more than a church and a few cottages or farms, where men are exclusively occupied all day and every day in rough, out-of-doors work there is less opportunity for general petty depravity. The country has indeed its annual crop of illegitimate children and incests—result of scanty population—there is, perhaps, a murder once in ten years, but there is no widespread little viciousness. People are too healthy and too tired after their work to be evil-minded; great exertion in the open air makes one stupid; all their neighbours are so well known to them that backbiting, silly slanders, exaggerated rumours are useless because so easily and so speedily contradicted; and there is no inordinate ambition, for there is little chance of gratification. But in a small provincial town, where there are just so many people that there is a chance for one man to get above some of the others, and just so few that each person knows something, though not everything, of every one else's life and business—there, if anywhere, the evil instincts that are in men do flourish and do create a miniature hell. It would, of course, be absurd to say that everything and every one in a small provincial town are evil, but any one who has lived, and kept his perceptions from atrophy, in a provincial town will admit that these towns are not ideal places of residence for a sensitive personality. Sologub's "Little Demon" is set in a small Russian provincial town—about the worst kind, presumably. In England and France such towns are still comparatively near the capital; they are not isolated by vast distances and icy, prolonged winters. We, who live in a milder climate and under better material circumstances, are yet the witnesses of much petty evil, slander, and selfish cruelty in our provinces. I know this is true for I have lived in such places. And there are Mr. Hardy's novels. Need one go beyond Flaubert and Maupassant for a somewhat pessimistic view of provincial France? But, though we need not take Sologub's "Little Demon" as a materially true picture—true as an accurate piece of journalism is true—of Russian provincial life, of all provincial life, we may yet take it that it is spiritually true, in that the book gives us, symbolically almost, as much of the truth as an artist needs to give. People object to this book; it disagrees with their human vanity. They say: " But no man is wholly evil; no man is wholly unfortunate. Didn't Peredonov ever think of any one else? Didn't he ever give a beggar a sixpence or see the beauty of a flower? Didn't he ever have a piece of good fortune which made him grateful to something or somebody?" But Peredonov is "an expression of the all-human tendency towards evil," and just as it would be out of place to show Jocasta enjoying a hearty meal when she learns that she is incestuously married to a parricide, just as it would be out of place to give Sir John Falstaff religious scruples when he is successfully stealing a purse, so it would be out of place to give Peredonov generous impulses, a sense of beauty, tenderness, gratitude, or sympathy. It may not be ideal—we are daily reminded by the headlines in the newspapers that this is not an ideal world—for people like Peredonov and the evil which he typifies to exist, or for Sologub to present such a person for AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN ##66 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 our contemplation and, let us hope, betterment; but it is perhaps less distant from the truth than the somewhat vague and roseate optimism of clerics, "bourgeois," and simpering critics. These, indeed, are the people who ignore fundamental and physiological facts; these are the people who tell us that if we cannot afford to marry we must be chaste; that if we are starving we must thank God and the parish beadle for permission to do so; that because some men are debauchees the beauty of a naked body is sinful; that because ugliness is a condition of their sterile "virtue" we must hate beauty and human loveliness and the pleasure of the flesh, and must never hold before the world a true picture of their ugliness and of the ugliness caused by their blind, perverse theories. You say that "The Little Demon" is an unpleasant book? Look about you, look carefully about you at what is happening—is life so very much more pleasant, is it so much less petty? If Sologub is wrong in showing us the petty evil of Skorodozh, then Flaubert was wrong to show us the evil of the little towns round Rouen, and Germinie Lacerteux and how many more great books of France and Russia and England are poisonous libels on the human race. Take the book at its crudest—as a rough homily, a kind of inverted "Pilgrim's Progress." Is not the sight of evil, the dragging it out into pitiless light, the close unsentimental analysis of the evil that is in men and that is caused by them, a finer thing than the ignoring of such evil, the pretence that it does not exist? It is easy to say that Sologub is a liar but it is not easy to believe. His picture of life may not be "the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth"—which is a fiction of lawyers—but it is truth in a larger sense, in an abstract sense, in the ideal sense of a work of art. We know that the physical strength and loveliness of the figures on the Parthenon are an exaggeration, an idealization, an abstraction of human physical goodliness; we know that the horror of Œdipus and the sorrow of Lear— though horror and sorrow are unfathomable—are yet beyond human endurance, are exaggerated, an idealization, an abstraction of human woe. Yet we do not claim that the first is over-lovely, or the others over-horrible, over-tragic. Not all servant-girls, perhaps not any, descend to the sordid degradation of Germinie Lacerteux, yet who dares deny the tragic power, the abstract truth of the de Goncourts' great novel? Why must we assume that the delineation of a tragic ignobility is ignoble, any more than that the delineation of a tragic criminality is criminal; that a study in evil is more despicable than a study in beauty or in horror or in sorrow; that a portrait of an evil man and of the evil he creates is unworthy and—supreme ineptitude—insane? In "The Little Demon" those who persecute Peredonov are most like him— Varvara and Grushina; those who like and admire him are only less ignoble because they are lesser personalities. I do not propose that Peredonov should be imitated or loved, but that he should be studied. It is childish to object to a work of art because its characters are immoral and unpleasant—as well refuse to live because many immoral and unpleasant people exist. In Sologub's novel the pettiness, the evil, and sordid-ness of mankind are studied not indeed dispassionately but with a passionate interest and almost breathless hatred. If you approach a work of art as an artist, I tell you that in "The Little Demon" you have a tragic symbolist novel, original in thought and characters, with a personal method and a clear style; it is not as "modern"—nor anything like as horrible—as "Charles-Louis Philippe," but it is as finely patterned, as ironic as a good Steinlen. If you approach a work of art as a moralist, I first of all politely deprecate your existence, and then tell you to despise and sneer at "The Little Demon" when, and only when, you are quite sure that you have no affinities with its leading character. [Note.— Miss Marsden is still unable to resume her work in The Egoist as she had hoped this month to be able to do. We hope that next month she will find it possible to do so.— Ed.] PASSING PARIS THE most noteworthy occurrence independent of war-events since these began has been the donation to the country by M. Rodin of his life-work. Without anticipated publicity of any kind the news was announced when the contract between the Government and the donor had been duly signed. The arrangement was made in the businesslike, straightforward way characteristic of a great man. M. Rodin leaves the clay casts of all his sculpture to the State on condition it be displayed in the circumstances and order he has chosen. He undertakes the expense of its presentation at his own cost, the State providing the housing in the eighteenth-century mansion in the Rue de Varenne M. Rodin has been occupying these last few years. M. Rodin stipulates, moreover, that he be allowed to continue living there until his death, and that the museum he leaves, comprising also his drawings and collections, bears his name. M. Rodin, who had of late years added prose to his plastic and graphic expressions, has only raised his voice, or pen rather, on one occasion in comment on the war. He seems to have realized, unlike others, that the time is not for preaching. The few words he has said were to the point, as is everything he says or does. In Rodin are united the qualities of the French peasant and of the master-man. He has the sagacity and shrewdness of the one, the critical gifts of the other. He is sparing of speech like a peasant, lucid like a poet; tenacious and wary like the former, intuitive, tactful, feminine like the latter. He has a sense, too, of timeliness as his last deed shows, for it is, in its way, a patriotic deed. He was himself timely in his appearance in the artistic cycle; some come too soon, others too late; some fall completely outside of their natural environment. They are out of tune with their contemporaries. Rodin suffered from none of these errors of selection. Some are great artists, but not great, or even good, influences. Rodin's influence has been as vast as his genius. It was necessary, it was welcome, it has borne fruit. And there is no waste in his life. Effort has been proportioned to result, result to effort. He has, as far as can be judged, always given, or been able to give, form to his intentions; he has not aimed beyond or on one side of his possibilities of realization. His qualities have not been strained to the point of becoming faults. His idealism, for instance, has never developed into idealogy. Rodin is still the greatest of living artists, not only because he is the greatest artist, but because, simply, he is a world-wide influence. He is in himself a monument of the best in his time and race. * * * * What other sculptor has France to offer to-day— France, where sculpture is, so to speak, a product of the soil? Italy has not given birth to a sculptor of importance for centuries; England never had but one; Spain has had none; the Netherlands and Flanders, fertile in painters, were sterile of sculptors; Germany alone, reviving an old tradition, had begun to form a presentable school. The most eminent, that is, powerful, sculptors in ##May 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 67 France to-day after Rodin are, no doubt, Bartholome, Bourdelle, and Maillol. The first-named is celebrated for his "Monument aux Morts." A nude at the Luxembourg is also familiar. As far as competence goes, M. Bartholome's skill is uncontested, but he has endeavoured to put more into sculpture than it can give, or something it should not be called upon to render. The dramatic expression in his work is somewhat artificial, by which word I mean that it is introduced from without instead of bursting from within itself (as in Rodin's). However, he is an artist, a genuine artist. What a grand name his, by the way! M. Maillol's technique is characterized by roundness, placidity. In Emile Bourdelle is always a touch of the exotic; he can produce a work of stupendous effort and achievement; for instance, his "Heracles," a subject to which his temperament invited him, and which might be the symbol of his artistic nature. M. Bourdelle is not proof to influence, but never dominated by it. And his work is pure of the faintest suggestion of sentimentality or even sentiment. * * * * Amongst a sheaf of interesting publications just issued by G. Crès et Cie is a reprint of Remy de Gourmont's notes in the Mercure de France, from its revival in April last year to within a few days of the writer's death. (How numerous are the writers who die writing!) These little thumb-nail essays appear in the tempting pocket "Bellum" series at 1 fr. 50. They have been prefaced by M. Jean de Gourmont, who tells us that each morning his brother would go to his desk and there, granting one hour of his marvellously methodical life to the " day's idea " he would write the page which among the moments' hundred, nay, thousand impressions and sensations, was the one which dominated or which he wished to dominate over the rest, for he had complete control over his impulses. . . . He wrote, having considered life as an astronomer considers the sky on a stormy night; "War has increased sensibility at the expense of intelligence." Or this: "Irony has vanished from the written word [how true this!] and irony is the sign of intellectual serenity." He never lost this intellectual serenity, even in the declining hours, and this irony, which had always served as the weapon of a too sensitive soul, he directed against himself in self-mortification. Of my own accord I select the following aphorisms, the very first, and which open the little textbook. Commenting upon the reappearance of the Mercure, as not to be taken as indicating that it had by any chance grown accustomed, resigned to the war, M. de Gourmont observes: "but when one has chosen to live, one must live life as it presents itself to us. One can only struggle for a limited time with waves as strong as those in which the present storm is tossing Europe and the world. One must go under or accept to follow the current wherever it carries us." The most necessary wisdom is contained in these words applicable to life in general and to the bewildering existing circumstances in particular when the fate that spares must be accepted with the same stoicism, resignation, and simplicity as the fate that sacrifices. There is some analogy between "Sous la Tourmente" and Mr. Clutton-Brock's meditations, but there is more edge in Gourmont's. Among the latter's previsions was a tethering of liberty of thought in France as a consequence of the war. The pharisaism, respectability, and that distrust of irony, mentioned by M. de Gourmont, prevalent in journalism and among quite a number of writers—many of whom had never been so much heard before—justify this apprehension. The bourgeois may have his day again. Prudishness and self-satisfaction are not peculiar to England only; they are latent in most countries in some form or other, and are prevalent according to the power and influence of certain classes. In France they keep more in the background than in countries where art and thought have a narrower field of action, and the war, far from stamping them out, seems to set them free. For war is favourable to evil, always. * * * * In the same attractive series appears "Le Cœur au Loin," wherein, as in a tiny casket, that " ompleat" writer, M. Marcel Boulanger, has stored personal impressions beginning in August 1914 and ending in October 1915. The first part is in diary form. (The French public—this by the way—is not yet satiated with war-literature, for it is only just beginning to indulge in it. The war was taken too seriously at first to permit of an excess in narration and commentary, and now too seriously for everything affecting it not to arrest attention and respect.) I have not read and shall not read, I know, more exquisitely recorded memoranda. M. Boulanger was at Chantilly, his habitual residence, when the war broke out. First his horse left—commandeered; then his greyhounds, which had to be poisoned; meanwhile he attended the separate departure of handsome Alec Carter, the jockey, and his winner, "Lord Loris" (each of whom fell to the enemy), and the emptying of all the racing stables; finally M. Boulanger himself left—mobilized. It is a minute story of leave-takings, abrupt breaches of habit: in a word, a one-man story of the war. The author of this little perfection of a book was invalided on active service, and now occupies a post at the rear. * * * * In "Une Française en Argentine" (portrait by Ciolkowski; preface by Yvonne Sarcey; Ores; 3 fr. 50), Mme. Marguerite Moreno, the actress, improves upon fiction by description and criticism, and on the tiresome travel record by animating it with dramatis personae. There is no part of the globe Europeans are more vague about than the new Republics of South America, and Mme. Moreno by telling us exactly what is interesting about one of them, excites a desire to learn more. As becomes the widow of Marcel Schwob— one of the last generation's most distinguished, most erudite men of letters, who helped Wilde in his "Salome"—the book is thoroughly artistically written, and the story and mask do not disfigure the more important features. Mme Moreno invites to a welcome and to a successful voyage and one does not feel that one is committing an unseemly frivolity by allowing it to be a temporary relief from the one monopolizing preoccupation, for as Remy de Gourmont said: "We must live life as we can and life is not all war even now." Muriel Ciolkowska. DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by Ezra Pound I ALEXANDER AND PHRINE Phriné. You could learn it from all the Thebans who lived in my time. They will tell you that I offered to restore at my own expense the walls of Thebes which you had ruined, provided that they inscribe them as follows: Alexander the Great had cast down these walls, the courtesan Phriné rebuilt them. Alexander. Were you so afraid that future ages would forget what profession you followed? Phriné. I excelled in it, and all extraordinary people, of whatever profession, have been mad about monuments and inscriptions. Alexander. It is true that Rhodope preceded you. The use she made of her beauty enabled her to build ##68 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 a famous pyramid still standing in Egypt, and I remember that when she was speaking of it the other day to the shades of certain French women who supposed themselves well worth loving, they began to weep, saying that in the country and ages wherein they had so recently lived, pretty women could not make enough to build pyramids. Phriné. Yet I had the advantage over Rhodope, for by restoring the Theban walls I brought myself into comparison with you who had been the greatest conqueror in the world; I made it apparent that my beauty had sufficed to repair the ravages caused by your valour. Alexander. A new comparison. Were you then so proud of your galantries f Phriné. And you? Were you so well content with having laid waste a good half of the universe? Had there been but a Phriné in each of the ruined cities, there would remain no trace of your ravages. Alexander. If I should ever live again I would wish to be an illustrious conqueror. Phriné. And I a lovable conqueress. Beauty has a natural right to command men, valour has nothing but a right acquired by force. A beautiful woman is of all countries, yet kings themselves and even conquerors are not. For better argument, your father Philip was valiant enough and you also; neither of you could rouse the slightest fear in Demosthenes, who during the whole course of his life did nothing but make violent speeches against you; yet when another Phriné (for the name is a lucky name) was about to lose a case of considerable importance, her lawyer, having used his eloquence all in vain, snatched aside the great veil which half covered her, and the judges who were ready to condemn her, put aside their intention at the sight of her beauties. The reputation of your arms, having a great space of years to accomplish the object, could not keep one orator quiet, yet a fair body corrupted the whole severe Areopagus on the instant. Alexander. Though you have called another Phriné to your aid, I do not think you have weakened the case for Alexander. It would be a great pity if— Phriné. I know what you are going to say: Greece, Asia, Persia, the Indes, they are a very fine shopful. However, if I cut away from your glory all that does not belong to you; if I give your soldiers, your captains, and even chance what is due to them, do you think your loss would be slight? But a fair woman shares the honour of her conquests with no one, she owes nothing save to herself. Believe me, the rank of a pretty woman is no mean one. Alexander. So you seem to have thought. But do you think the rôle is really all that you made it? Phriné. No. I will be perfectly frank with you. I exaggerated the rôle of a pretty woman, you strained over hard against yours. We both made too many conquests. Had I had but two or three affairs of gallantry, it would have been all quite in order, there would have been nothing to complain of; but to have had enough such affairs to rebuild the Theban wall was excessive, wholly excessive. On the other hand, had you but conquered Greece, and the neighbouring islands, and perhaps even part of lesser Asia, and made a kingdom of them, nothing would have been more intelligent nor in reason; but always to rush about without knowing whither, to take cities without knowing why, to act always without any design, was a course that would not have pleased many right-minded people. Alexander. Let right-minded people say what they like. If I had used my bravery and fortune as prudently as all that, I should scarcely ever be mentioned. Phriné. Nor I either, had I used my beauty so prudently. But if one wishes merely to make a commotion, one may be better equipped than by possessing a very reasonable character. A MASTER-WRITER * IN the numerous criticisms and opinions I have read and heard on Mme. Colette's books I may say that I have not met with one that was unfavourable. Her confrères even, be they of one or other sex, swallow their gall and hide their claws as soon as this topic is discussed. And in "discussed" I do not use the right word, for Mme. Colette's competence is never questioned since taboo is once for all outside discussion. The privilege she enjoys is the more surprising since she is successful and "sells." Where art is concerned admiration so unanimous throws a veil of suspicion on its object. Personally I must confess to wariness with respect to classified talents and every one's friend is not mine. Like that Greek rustic who was satiated with the too excellent reputation of Aristides the Just, I, too, was ready to sign the oyster shell in favour of the banishment of an author who has "arrived" too well. But before throwing it in the ballot-box I preferred to hear the plaintiff's cause by reading her last book, and having done so, had perforce to fasten the shell again to my cloak and, like a repenting and respectful pilgrim, followed the crowd. When "good" people take pleasure in anything, they would have that pleasure shared. But others who realize that love must be kept in seclusion and that one should beware of noising bliss, jealously hide the object of their predilection and, when a work of art is the motive, its success will give them alarm. The very reasons moving the crowd to admiration render beauty repellent to the few, and a fund of confidence in oneself is requisite and a long career of experience left behind before one can condescend to grant the Venus of Milo access to one's private gallery, while whatever sympathies we may have fostered of yore for Mona Lisa have been chilled by the rape which gave her too much notoriety. With due regard to author and publisher, her early admirers would rather a last book by Mme. Colette were not a literary "event," a boom in the market. And yet whose success is more justified, whose more deserved? Books and plays are submitted to two distinct courts whose judgments rarely coincide—the critics and the public. The critics, I think, take the public's views more into consideration than the public takes the critics', and they are right. Mme. Colette's books enjoy the rare fortune of pleasing both, and the public's reasons for approval, without necessarily being the critics', or, at least, not all the critics', are not in conflict with them. Taken fundamentally, the two standpoints are rarely in disagreement. The public judges en bloc applying its preferences; the critics use the same bias, but do not admit it, and strain after objectivity. The one is influenced by its heart; the others are directed by their intellect. Each appreciation is valid in its way, but whatever the motives of success with the critics I surmise that an author who could not claim both, given the choice, would incline towards popular favour. The title, "The Beasts at Peace," explains itself, and a foreword defines it further: "While man tears man . . . the innocent beasts alone have the right to be ignorant of war. In this book I have called them together as in an enclosure where there shall be no war." Thus the dramatis personae of these stories is furnished especially by animals, but since the memorable "Sept Dialogues de Bêtes," which was Colette's first-born, and which marked an epoch, both the company and the outlook have grown. Here we are introduced to a very Noah's Ark: to cats, patrician * "La Paix chez les Bêtes." By Colette. (Crès. 3 fr. 50.) ##May 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 69 and plebeian; circus dogs and lap-dogs, dead and live butterflies, tigers, panthers, leopards, squirrels, snakes, owls, gold-fish, and—most precious of all—the Bel-Gazou, whose species shall not be revealed. But it is, especially, the Book of Cats of every sort and kind, and as one may surprise oneself saying of a "still-life" painting that it is full of life, so one is tempted to And these animals "very human," which is as much as to say that the extreme "human nature" of the author has permitted her to discover the link which binds them to man and of every peculiarity we share in common with them,. Mme. Colette knows so many things. She knows, for instance, the despotism of love, and that each is bound to submit to its sway, both man and beast; she knows that love is not the diversion it is supposed to be, and never does she laugh on its account; she would no more think of doing so than of laughing about death, to which it is akin. One of Mme. Colette's great attractions is her naturalness, and the art she possesses to her fingertips of making rare observations without preciousness. This naturalness—and he who has never endeavoured to write knows not the artistry it demands—is that of a woman of the world, of a "lady," if you will allow the expression, of a woman who is always at her ease, free from mannerisms and affectations—an unusual quality at a time when an irritating naïveté, or naivism, is the fashion in literature. Not only the critics and the public are equally enthusiastic about her work, but two such differing tastes as those of men and women are united in their praise of Mme. Colette. The latter find feeling, sensibility, and even more wit than they want in her writings; but men, while awake to these features, also, of course, take particular delight in the actual quality of the workmanship, for men like not the cheap. The firm, clear, supple style, the extremely varied but always aptly-used vocabulary, the matching—when necessary technical—similes, the tidy, concise, well-balanced phrasings, in a word, first-class, never bungled work, form the most perfect example in prose we possess in France to-day. The approximate, the "good-enough," are qualifications unknown to Mme. Colette, and her language fits her thought as a well-cut "tailor-made" fits a well-made figure. This master of style can tune her prose to every key, and some of these pages, very samples for anthologies, are pure prose poems; for instance, the hallucinating "Tentateur" and "Les Papillons," which one is never tired of rereading, and which closes on this magic onomatopoeia of rhythm: "Mais le radieux paon-de-jour, en velours cramoisi, frappé d'yeux bleuâtres, clouté de turquoises, plus frais que la plus fraîche fleur, attend, confiant, la main qui l'emprisonne. Je le cueille, plié en deux comme un billet, noir au dehors, flamme au dedans. J'entr'ouvre de force ses ailes de diablotin luxueux, j'admire, près de son corselet, la nacre d'un duvet long, mordoré, qui se soulève à mon souffle, les sombres pattes fragiles et tremblantes, les yeux moirés comme ceux d'une abeille . . . Puis je desserre mes doigts, et son vol nonchalant le ramène sur la même fleur où je puis le cueillir encore, car il butine, goulu, content, déjà rassuré, la trompe raidie et les ailes ouvertes, avec un doux battement voluptueux d'éventail." Ciolkowski. Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs. A LIFE HE was a peasant boy With sharp eyes and a beaked nose; His hair was too long, ragged And a little greasy. He was generous, indifferent to comforts, Lived on bread, onions and apples— Worked in a shed under a railway arch— Was very witty and a little violent. His red shirt was none too clean; When he got hot he stank. His hands were mostly filthy With marble-dust and clay. In all his sketches and statues He made you see something fresh— An unsuspected beauty, a new strength, The clear line of a naked woman's body, The lightness of a stag, A new grotesqueness or hideousness. He had the blithe intolerance of the very young But there was nothing petty in him; He worked hard, had no obvious vices. Then the war came. He went off with a joke: "I'll be back safe in three months: I'll steal the Picassos from Düsseldorf!" He was away three months And another three months; Was wounded, promoted, went back, Accepted things cheerfully, "Without arrogance" (his own phrase). A few more weeks— He was shot in the head. Quenched that keen, bright wit, Horribly crushed the wide forehead, Limp and useless the able hands Of our one young sculptor. I wish he were not dead; He was wholesome, his dirt and his genius. So many "artists" are muffs, poseurs, pifflers. I sit here, cursing over my Greek— Anacreon says: "War spares the bad, not the good." I believe him. Richard Aldington. "VOICI L'EAU FROIDE DONT ON SE RAFRAÎCHIT EN ENFER" THE flame of a candle in an airless dome was not more quickly put out than her intelligence was swamped by too early unhappiness. It was like whipping rose-petals with wire, or beating uncovered and skinless flesh. * * * * This is the first definite memory. A sudden awakening in the night. Sleep burst like a bubble and left her senses scattered and dissipated as a feeble gas. The blackness waved about her like the hair of sea mortals—beings that moved effortless in the liquid dark and made mouths; impalpable but with grasping hands that might clutch at any moment. She shrank from one dark shadow into the arms of another, buffeted in imagination. But the worst horror pierced up the stairs through the stifling darkness like a flame through smoke. A ##70 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 voice, cracked and clashing out from a throat choked with rage and contempt, shrieking in a kind of hysteria, over and over again, but every time with a different intonation of pain. "He's killing me! He's killing me!" The breaking sounds of furniture falling—hollow, wooden noises; the almost pretty, peevish suddenness of splintering glass; and the child, who knew strangely, with dreadful precision, that it was her father and mother that caused these disturbances, saw in her mind the little body of the woman being thrown about—tender skin broken on sharp corners, delicate sides crushed dangerously against some enormous and callous piece of carving. Her breath felt like ice in her nostrils. If only the night had not encased her in immovability! Something was being battered down there, fighting for itself; and she, pressing her paralysed will against the unknown inhibition of fear, was as powerless to move as a flower in quicksand. A faint step came down from the servants' quarters. One could hear sobs, little explosions of sound—ugly and painful with the moan of effort in them. A door closed gently. Later, a man's heavier tread came up. Everything in the child grew stiff with apprehension. Was this terror coming even closer to her? But it walked past, and another door closed. All was quiet with a dry and ironical stillness. Seeing that she was too exhausted to feel any more, the beasts of fear lay down in their shadowy lairs. Her heart banged in her side and beat somewhere about her ears; and the iron bedrails clanged gently to the jerky throbs. Her little breasts seemed drawn together, and there was a rhythmic feeling as if hot rain flowed over them in gushes. The corners of her eyelids felt the tears pricking as they came out and ran down her face with a faint, irritating trickle, spreading over her hps and into her mouth. The taste of tears impressed itself on her palate, salt and disgusting; the humiliating necessity to sniff; the working throat that swallowed nothing. The child's brain was too tired to think, but amazement wearied it still more. The night could evidently change people terribly: a mother infinitely tender; a father seldom seen, but ordinary and decorous at the meeting times—church and meal times. It was accepted that grown-up people should be incomprehensible, but that they should be horrible was too shattering. And the useless pain . . . each cry, every blow and panting imprecation hammered on her nerves and senses as if she had been a victim in the chair of electrocution, and her mother the dynamo. With kindness, sleep slowly pushed her eyelids down and held her body so that it sank back into the bed and was quiet. The relieving day brought no explanation. Gradually little signs stimulated the child's imagination even more cruelly: a blue stain round her mother's eye, a red mark on her wrist, a cut on her lip—these fresh evidences—the spoor of a wild beast—added more pictures to those already blazed on the darkness. The evenings came gently, with relief in going tired to bed. But after the pause of sleep there was nearly always the hideous and sudden awakening into clamour and terror. Or perhaps only a sinister quietude, and she would lie with hearing stretched taut like an endless wire, reaching to the beginnings of sound for the first cry or blow. Even if she had had the physical power and courage to pass down the bogey-haunted stairs and face the atmosphere of unknown passions, she had the repressed child's despair of altering the acts of the all-powerful elders. Hopelessness settled on her brain like a cuttlefish on its victim, with paralysing arms and a filthy, blinding exudation. And fear of people, their hideous potentialities, gnawed away at her confidence—a leaf-cutter destroying the young plant. B. DURAK. LIBERATIONS Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music X. NIKOLAUS MEDTNER AND THE MODERN HEROIC SPIRIT IN MUSIC AT no time in the history of civilization has life presented the grandeur of proportions or the multiform energy which is evinced in all its aspects to-day. Owing to the operation of the multiple forces with which the developments of mechanism and scientific research have brought us into contact, the environment of contemporary humanity presents a totally unprecedented complexity, which, by reason of the unfamiliarity of the elements composing it, and the, as yet, indeterminable scope of their action, necessitates an alert consciousness, a swift and imaginative mentality and a ready initiative on the part of the individual, if humanity is to cope adequately with the possibilities which may ensue from the strange, new order of things. Thus, from the necessities of modern conditions, has evolved a correspondingly complex and subtle psychology, an acute and manifold sensibility by which the life of humanity has been impelled towards the most strenuous activity. Everywhere to-day is tangible evidence of an exultation in energy which dominates all phases of activity, and which evokes responsive emotion in even our most passive moments. After a long period of living within stereotyped, determined dimensions dominated by concepts and traditions, humanity has emerged into an epoch dominated by the cumulative effect of forces which have been steadily accumulating beneath the heedless conventional order of things, and which, suddenly and startlingly asserting themselves through the medium of science, have created new conditions, to which the old standards of values have no application. The old routine is shattered, and the passive, conventional type of mind left helpless before new forces which can only be estimated and encountered by an equally new type of mentality and sensibility. Action, spiritual, mental, and physical, is the imperative necessity of the time. Before our eyes are unfolding vistas of unlimited and unprecedented possibilities. Mankind goes forth to measure his strength against immense, unknown forces, to conquer them or be overwhelmed. The spirit of adventure is upon us, offering for our achievement exploits more tremendous, more mysterious, more fascinating than the most fabulous deeds of the ancient legendary heroes. Life is imbued with the new heroism, the new purposeful consciousness of a new epic age, in which both brute force and abstract logic are equally subordinate to imagination, acute sensibility, and a consciousness of the actualities of existence. Creative art, being essentially individual in impulse, the product of the artist's experience, is therefore indissolubly connected with the forces governing his environment. All his thoughts and emotions, consciously or unconsciously, are expressive of the spirit of his age, and react, either positively or negatively, to the influences by which his age is moulded. Hence it follows that art always expresses the spiritual correspondences to the tangible actualities of some given epoch. Thus, in the present period of prolific energy, art is characterized by a remarkable vitality, which, by its swift urgency, has swept away the unhealthy fungi of abstraction, traditionalism, and negation which have been sapping the vigour of the growth to which they have clung so long. As a natural sequence new types of art have come into being. The new moods produced by the new age cannot be expressed congruously or adequately through the formal media of the past. As the forces from which they emanate, they have ##May 1,1916 THE EGOIST 71 created fresh values. And since art is in essence an intellectual and spiritual expression, the new heroic impulse has created a new interior value in artistic creation, which, even in works which are presented in the common terms and media of the various arts, informs them with a spirit entirely new. This new spirit of heroism, while obtaining general recognition, and a wide response, finds acceptance in two ways, which correspond broadly to the two general divisions of human sensibilities and sympathies. Thus there are two contemporary types of heroic artist: the one, perceiving the general aspects operation, and effects of the group-forces of the period, seeks to express these objectively in their cumulative form; the other, more subjective, centres attention on investigating and expressing the impulses which the forces of to-day have generated in the individualistic human temperament. In the vanguard of the latter division is the young Russian composer, Nikolaus Medtner, whose work marks the inception of a new type of heroic expression in music. The heroic music of the past was either utilitarian, or ceremonial, warlike music such as marches, fanfares, battle-songs, or triumphal odes sung to praise a conqueror; or, a more abstract type, music woven about legendary, historical, or symbolic themes. The heroic music of to-day, emanating from the complex conditions of the period, is more subtle in source and individual in impulse. The heroism of the past was more simple, more external and more obvious in nature than that of to-day, and its operation was almost invariably confined to acts of physical daring or strength, such as those with which the ancient hero-epics deal. But the complications of to-day go greatly beyond the simple conditions of old times. Every incident in the modern individual's experience involves numberless psychological associations, correspondences, and complications, the outcome of inherent sensibilities produced by evolution, and the involved aspect of contemporary existence: every act holds the possibility of incalculable consequences. Only by the most perfect independence of being, the most alert, imaginative and subtle consciousness, the most complete cognizance of mental and emotional potentialities, can the new type of hero attain full achievement. Warfare, the old channel for heroic feeling, has become but one of myriad organizations, nor does personal heroism dominate it to-day. Its conduct is a matter of intellect, not heroic impulse, and the units of a modern army are but component parts of a huge machine, the direction of which is a matter of material resources and practical skill. The hero of the past achieved his purpose with the sword, and trusted in the strength of his arm and the keenness of his sight; the forces which he encountered were human as himself. The heroic struggle of our day is of vaster proportions; mankind encountering forces of dimensions still unknown. The new ' hero of forces ' achieves his purpose with his mind and spirit, relies in the strength of his nervous force and the keenness of his sensibility and imaginative vision. The struggle of mankind to comprehend and dominate the forces of the present, in all their aspects, and through them those of the present has awakened the spirit of individual championship which constitutes the essence of heroism. It is this quality of spirit which especially distinguishes the compositions of Nikolaus Medtner. Possessed of a widely radiative and penetrative intellect, he combines with it a forceful temperament, fed by powerfully absorbent sensibilities. His music is veritably the outcome of what Nicolas Beauduin, in his remarkable "Essai de Synthèse," terms "un état riche de la personne." The indomitable and purposeful spirit with which it is filled occasionally renders it rough in expression, but it is always convincing and never swept into bathos or hysteria by the force of the composer's impulses. There is nothing realistic in his music; spiritual in source, it is purely interpretive and expressive in content. His work as a whole is that of one who conceives life on an immense scale; one who discerns its elements in their group aspects—complex and dynamic in their movements and rhythms, stark in outline, but involved and subtle in operation. He realizes their tremendous force, but, refusing to be absorbed or submerged by them, impells from his own personality correspondingly powerful impulses to encounter and subdue them. The effect of such influences is always apparent in his work, but their operation serves but to bring out in strong relief the composer's independent character. He is never subservient to their direction or overwhelmed by their force. The only tribute which they exact is that of continual combat, and in the spiritual lists Medtner encounters them as an equal, with the full force of a temperament which, ruthless and turbulent as they, transcends them by reason of the directive force of the mind controlling its action. Ruhleben, Germany, 1915. Leigh Henry. (To be continued) TWO POEMS "HE WROTE THE HISTORY BOOK," IT SAID THERE! You shed a ray Of whimsicality on a mask of profundity so Terrific that I have been dumbfounded by It oftener than I care to say. The book? Titles are chaff. Authentically Brief and full of energy, you contribute to your father's Legibility and are sufficiently Synthetic. Thank you for showing me Your father's autograph. YOU ARE LIKE THE REALISTIC PRODUCT OF AN IDEALISTIC SEARCH FOE GOLD AT THE FOOT OF THE RAINBOW Hid by the august foliage and fruit of the grape vine, Twine Your anatomy Round the pruned and polished stem, Chameleon. Fire laid upon An emerald as long as The Dark King's massy One, Could not snap the spectrum up for food as you have done. Marianne Moore. A Really Different Magazine THE PHOENIX MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution: The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut: All discerning people read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post: Very much alive, witty, and frequently very Irish. Troy Times: Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. Subscription — — One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries - - $125 SOUTH NORWALK - - CONN. U.S.A. ##72 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 TARR By WYNDHAM LEWIS PART I (continued) CHAPTER IV THE new summer heat drew heavy pleasant ghosts out of the ground, like plants disappeared in winter; spectres of energy, bulking the hot air with vigorous dreams. Or they had entered into the trees, in imitation of Pagan gods, and nodded their delicate distant intoxication to him. Visions were released in the sap, with scented explosion, the spring one bustling and tremendous reminiscence. Tarr felt the street was a pleasant current, setting from some immense and tropic gulf, neighboured by Floridas of remote invasions. He ambled down it puissantly, shoulders shaped like these waves; a heavy-sided drunken fish. The houses, with winks of the shocked clockwork, were grazed, holding along their surface thick soft warmth. It poured weakly into his veins. A big dog wandering on its easily transposable business, inviting some delightful accident to deflect it from maudlin and massive promenade. In his mind, too, as in the dog's, his business was doubtful—a small black spot ahead in his brain, half puzzling but peremptory. The mat heavy light grey of putty-coloured houses, like thickening merely of hot summer atmosphere without sun, gave a spirituality to this deluge of animal well-being, in weighty pale sense-solidarity. Through the opaquer atmosphere sounds came lazily or tinglingly. People had become a Balzacian species, boldly tragic and comic: like a cast of "Comédie Humaine" humanity off for the day, Balzac sleeping immensely in the cemetery. Tarr stopped at a dairy. He bought saladed potatoes, a petit suisse. The coolness, as he entered, felt eerie. The dairyman, in blue-striped smock and black cap, peaked and cylindrical, came out of an inner room. Through its glasses several women were visible, busy at a meal. This man's isolation from the heat and mood of the world outside, impressed his customer as he came forward with a truculent "Monsieur!" Tarr, while his things were done up, watched the women. The discreet voices, severe reserve of keen business preoccupations, showed the usual Paris commerçante. The white, black, and slate-grey of dresses, extreme neatness, silent felt over-slippers, make their commercial devotions rather conventual. With this purchase— followed by one of strawberries at a fruiterer's opposite—his destination was no longer doubtful. He was going to Bertha's to eat his lunch. Hence the double quantity of saladed potatoes. He skirted the railings of the Luxembourg Gardens for fifteen yards. Crossing the road, he entered the Rue Martine, a bald expanse of uniformly coloured rosy-grey pavement, plaster, and shutter. A large iron gate led into a short avenue of trees. At its end Bertha lived in a three-story house. The leaden brilliant green of spring foliage hung above him, ticketing innumerably the trees, sultry smoke volumes from factories in Fairyland. Its novelty, fresh yet dead, had the effectiveness of an unnecessary mirage. The charm of habit and monotony he had come to affront seemed to have coloured, chemically, these approaches to its home. He found Bertha's eye fixed on him with a sort of humorous indifferent query from the window. He smiled, thinking what would be the veritable answer! On finding himself in the presence of the object of his erudite discussion, he felt he had got the focus wrong. This familiar life, with its ironical eye, mocked at him too. It was aware of the subject of his late conversation. The twin of the shrewd feeling embodied in the observation, "One can never escape from oneself," appeared. This ironical unsurprised eye at the window, so vaguely apropos, offended him. It seemed to be making fun of the swaggering indifference he was bringing to bask in the presence of its object. He became slightly truculent. "Have you had lunch yet, my dear?" he asked, as she opened the door to him. " I've brought you some strawberries." "I didn't expect you, Sorbet. No, I've not had lunch. I was just going to get it." (Sorbet, or in English, Sherbert, was his nom d'amour, a perversion of his strange second name, Sorbert). Bertha's was the intellectually fostered Greek type of German handsomeness. It is that beauty that makes you wonder, when you meet it, if German mothers have replicas and photographs of the Venus of Milo in their rooms during the first three months of their pregnancy. It is also found in the pages of Prussian art periodicals, the arid, empty intellectualism of Munich. She had been a heavy baby. Her body now, a self-indulgent athlete's, was strung to heavy motherhood. A great believer in tepid "air-baths," she would remain, for hours together, in a state of nudity about her rooms. She was wearing a pale green striped affair, tight at the waist. It looked as though meant for a smaller woman. It may have belonged to her sister. As a result, her ample form had left the fullness of a score of attitudes all over it, in flat creasings and pencillings— like the sanguine of an Italian master in which the leg is drawn in several positions, one on top of the other. "What have you come for, Sorbet?" "To see you. What did you suppose?" "Oh, you have come to see me?" "I brought these things. I thought you might be hungry." "Yes, I am rather." She stopped in the passage, Dryad-like on one foot, and stared into the kitchen. Tarr did not kiss her. He put his hand on her hip— a way out of it—and led her into the room. His hand remarked that she was underneath in her favourite state of nakedness. Bertha went into the kitchen with the provisions. She lived in two rooms on one side of the front door. Her friend, Fräulein Vamber, to whom she sublet, lived on the other side of it, the kitchen promis- ## May 1, 1916 TEE EGOIST 73 cuously existing between, and immediately facing the entrance. Tarr was in the studio or salon. It was a complete bourgeois-bohemian interior. Green silk cloth and cushions of various vegetable and mineral shades covered everything, in mildewy blight. The cold, repulsive shades of Islands of the Dead, gigantic cypresses, grottos of Teutonic nymphs, had invaded this dwelling. Purple metal and leather steadily dispensed with expensive objects. There was the plaster cast of Beethoven (some people who have frequented artistic circles get to dislike this face extremely), brass jars from Normandy, a photograph of Mona Lisa (Tarr hated the Mona Lisa). A table just by the window, laid with a white cloth, square embroidered holes at its edges, was where Tarr at once took up his position. Truculence was denoted by his thus going straight to his eating-place. Installed in the midst of this ridiculous life, he gave a hasty glance at his "indifference" to see whether it were safe and sound. Seen through it, on opening the door, Bertha had appeared unusual. This impressed him disagreeably. Had his rich and calm feeling of bounty towards her survived the encounter, his "indifference" might also have remained intact. He engrossed himself in his sense of physical well-being. From his pocket he produced a tin box containing tobacco, papers, and a little steel machine for rolling cigarettes given him by Bertha. A long slim hinged shell, it nipped in a little cartridge of tobacco, which it then supped with inside a paper tube, and slipping out again empty, the cigarette was made. Tarr began manufacturing cigarettes. Reflections from the shining metal in his hand scurried about amongst the bilious bric-à-brac. Like a layer of water lying on one of oil, the light heated stretch by the windows appeared distinct from the shadowed part of the room. This place was cheap and dead, but rich with the same lifelessness as the trees without. These looked extremely near and familiar at the opened windows, breathing the same air continually as Bertha. But they were dusty, rough, and real. Bertha came in from the kitchen. She went on with a trivial rearrangement of her writing-table. This had been her occupation as he appeared at the gate beneath, drawing her ironical and musing eye from his image to himself. A new photograph of Tarr was being placed on her writing-table flush with the window. Ten days previously it had been taken in that room. It had ousted a Klinger and generally created a restlessness, to her eye, in the other objects. "Ah, you've got the photographs, have you?—Is that me?" She handed it to him. "Yes, they came yesterday!" "Yesterday" he had not been there! Whatever he asked at the present moment would draw a softly thudding answer, heavy German reproach concealed in it with tireless ingenuity. These photographs would under other circumstances have been produced on his arrival with considerable noise. Tarr had looked rather askance at this portrait and Bertha's occupation. There was his photograph, calmly, with an air of permanence, taking up its position on her writing-table, just as he was preparing to vanish for good. "Let's see yours," he said, still holding the photograph. What strange effects all this complicated activity inside had on the surface, his face. A set sulky stagnation, every violence dropping an imperceptible shade on to it, the features overgrown with this strange stuff—that twist of the head that was him, and that could only be got rid of by breaking. "They're no good," she said, closing the drawer, handing her photographs, sandwiched with tissue-paper, to Sorbert. "That one "—a sitting pose, face yearning from photograph, lighted, not with a smile, but a sort of sentimental illumination, the drapery arranged like a poster—" I don't think that's so bad," she said slangily, meant to be curt and "cheeky." "What an idiot!" he thought; "what a face!" A consciously pathetic ghost of a smile, a clumsy sweetness, the energetic sentimental claim of a rather rough but frank self. There was a photograph of her in riding habit. This was the best of them. He softened. Then came a photograph of them together. How strangely that twist of his, or set angle of the head, fitted in with the corresponding peculiarities of the woman's head and bust. What abysms of idiocy! Rubbishy hours and months formed the atmosphere around these two futile dolls! He put the photographs down and looked up. She was sitting on the edge of the table. The dressing-gown was open, and one large thigh, with ugly whiteness, slid half out of it. It looked dead, and connected with her like a ventriloquist's dummy with its master. It was natural to wonder where his senses had gone in looking at these decorous photographs. This explanation appeared to be her explanation of the matter. The face was not very original. But a thigh cannot be stupid! He gazed surlily. Her musing expression at this moment was supremely absurd. He smiled and turned his face to the window. She pretended to become conscious suddenly of something amiss. She drew the dressing-gown round her. "Have you paid the man yet? What did he charge? I expect—" Tarr took up the packet again. "Oh, these are six francs. I forget what the big ones are. I haven't paid him yet. He's coming to photograph Miss Vamber to-morrow." They sat without saying anything. He examined the room as you do a doctor's waiting-room. He had just come there to see if he could turn his back on it. That appeared at first sight a very easy matter. That is why he so far had not succeeded in doing so. Never put on his mettle, his standing army of will was not sufficient to cope with it. But would this little room ever appear worth turning his back on? It was the purest distillation of the commonplace. He had become bewitched by its strangeness. It was the height of the unreal. Bertha was like a fairy that he visited, and "became engaged" to in another world, not the real one. It was so much the real ordinary world that for him with his out-of-the-way experience it was a phantasmagoria. Then what he had described as his disease of sport was perpetually fed. Sex even with him, according to his analysis, being a sort of ghost, was at home in this gross and buffonic illusion. Something had filled up a blank and become saturated with the blankness. How much would Bertha mind a separation? Tarr saw in her one of those clear, humorous, superficial natures, a Venetian or a Viennese, the easy product of a cynical and abundant life. He underrated the potency of his fascination. Secondly, he miscalculated the depths of obedient attachment he had wakened. They sat impatiently waiting. A certain formality had to be observed. Then the business of the day could be proceeded with. They were both bored with the part imposed by the punctilious and ridiculous god of love. Bertha, into the bargain, wanted to get on with her cooking. She would have cut considerably the reconciliation scene. All her side of the programme had been conscientiously done. ##74 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 "Berthe, tu es une brave fille!" "Tu trouves?" "Oui." More inaction followed on Tarr's part. She sometimes thought he enjoyed these ceremonies. Through girlhood her strong senses had churned away at her, and claimed an image from her gentle and dreamy mind. In its turn the mind had accumulated its impressions of men, fancies from books and conversations, and made its hive. So her senses were presented with the image that was to satisfy and rule them. They flung themselves upon it as she had flung herself upon Tarr. This image left considerable latitude. Tarr had been the first to fit—rather paradoxically, but all the faster for that. This "high standard Aryan female," as Tarr described her, had arrived, with him, at the full and headlong condition we agree to name "love." The image, or type, was thrown away. The individual took its place. Bertha had had several sweethearts before Tarr. They had all left the type-image intact. At most it had been a little blurred by them. It had almost been smashed for one man, physically resembling Tarr. But he had never got quite near enough to do that. Tarr had characteristically supposed this image to have little sharpness of outline left. He thought it would not be a very difficult matter for any one to extort its recognition. "Vous êtes mon goût, Sorbet. Du bist mein gesmack," she would say. Tarr was not demonstrative when she said this. He could not reciprocate. And he could not help reflecting whether to be "her taste" was very flattering. There must be something the matter with him. All her hope centred in his laziness. She watched his weaknesses with a loving eye. He had much to say about his under-nature. She listened attentively. "It is the most dangerous quality of all to possess," and he would sententiously add—" only the best people possess it, in common with the obscure and humble. It is like a great caravanserai in which scores of people congregate. It is a disguise in which such a one. otherwise Pasha, circulates among unembarrassed men. He brings away stores of wisdom, with much diversion by the way." He saw, however, the danger of these facilities. The Pasha had been given a magic mask of humbleness. But the inner nature seemed flowing equally to the mask and the unmasked magnificence. He was as yet unformed, but wished to form wholly Pasha. This under-nature's chief use was as a precious villégiature for his energy. Bertha was the country wench the more exalted incarnation had met while on its holidays, or, wandering idle Khalife, in some concourse of his surreptitious life. His three days' unannounced and uncommented "leave" had made Bertha very nervous. She suffered from the incomplete, unsymmetrical appearance her life now presented. Everything spread out palpably before her, that she could arrange like a roomful of furniture, was how she liked it. Even in her present shakedown of a life, Tarr had noticed the way he was treated as material for "arrangement." But she had never been able to indulge this idiosyncrasy much in the past. This was not the first time that she had found herself in a similar position. Hence her certain air of being at home in these casual quarters, which belied her. The detested temporary dwelling in the last few days had been given a new coat of sombre thought. Found in accidental quarters, had she not been over-delicate in not suggesting an immediate move into something more homelike and permanent. People would leave her there for the rest of her natural life unless she were a little brutal and got herself out somehow. No shadow of un-nice feeling ever tainted her abject genuineness. Cunning efforts to retain him abounded. But she never blamed or turned on him. She had given herself long ago, at once, without ceremony. She awaited his thanks or no thanks simply. But the itch of action was on her. Tarr's absences were like light. His presence was a shadow. They were both stormy. The last absence had illuminated the undiscipline of her life. During the revealing luridness, she got to work. Reconstruction was begun. She had trusted too much in Fate and obedient waiting Hymen. So Bertha had a similar ferment to Tarr's. Anger with herself, dreary appetite for action, would help her over farewells. She was familiar enough with them, too, in thought. She would not stir a hand to change things. He must do that. She would only facilitate things in all directions for him. The new energy delivered attack after attack upon her hope. She saw nothing beyond Tarr but measures of utility. The "heart "had always been her most cherished ornament. That Tarr would take with him, as she would keep his ring and the books he had given her. She could not now get it back for the asking. She did not want it! She must indulge her mania for tasteful arrangement in future without this. Or rather what heart she had left would be rather like one of those salmon-coloured, corrugated gas office-stoves, compared to a hearth with a fire of pine. Tarr had not brought his indifference there to make it play tricks, perform little feats. Nor did he wish to press it into inhuman actions. It was a humane "indifference," essentially. So with reluctance he got up, and went over to her. "You haven't kissed me yet," he said, in imitation of her. "Why kiss you, Sorbet?" she managed to say before her lips were closed. He drew her ungraciously and roughly into his arms, and started kissing her on the mouth. She covered him, docilely, with her inertia. He was supposed to be performing a miracle of bringing the dead to life. Gone about too crudely, the willing mountebank, Death, had been offended. It is not thus that great spirits are prevailed upon to flee. Her "indifference "—the great, simulated, and traditional—would not be ousted by an upstart and younger relative. By Tarr himself, grown repentant, yes. But not by another "indifference." Then his brutality stung her offended spirit, that had been pursing itself up for so many hours. Tears began rolling tranquilly out of her eyes in large dignified drops. They had not been very far back in the wings. He received them frigidly. She was sure, thought he, to detect something unusual during this scene. Then with the woman's bustling, desperate, possessive fury, she suddenly woke up. She disengaged her arms wildly and threw them round his neck, tears becoming torrential. Underneath the poor comedian that played such antics with such phlegmatic and exasperating persistence, this distressed being thrust up its trembling mask, like a drowning rat. Its finer head pierced her blunter wedge. "Oh! dis, Sorbet! Est-ce que tu m'aime? M'aime-tu? Dis!" " Yes, you know. Don't cry." A wail, like the buzzing on a comb covered with paper followed. "Oh, dis; m'aimes-tu? Dis que tu m'aime!" A blurting, hurrying personality rushed right up into his face. It was like the sightless clammy charging of a bat. More eloquent regions had ambushed him. Humbug had mysteriously departed. It was a blast of knifelike air in the middle of their hot-house. He stared at her face groping up as ##May 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 75 though it scented troubles in his face. It pushed to right and then to left and rocked itself. Intelligent and aware, it lost this intensity. A complicated image developed in his mind as he stood with her. He was remembering Schopenhauer. It was of a Chinese puzzle of boxes within boxes, or of insects' discarded envelopes. A woman had in the middle of her a kernel, a sort of very substantial astral baby. This baby was apt to swell. She then became all baby. The husk he held was a painted mummy-case. He was a mummy-case too. Only he contained nothing but innumerable other painted cases inside, smaller and smaller ones. The smallest was not a substantial astral baby, however, or live core, but a painting like the rest. His kernel was a painting. That was as it should be! He was half sitting on the table. He found himself patting her back. He stopped doing this. His face looked heavy and fatigued. A dull, intense infection of her despair had filled it. He held her head gently against his neck. Or he held her skull against his neck. She shook and sniffed softly. "Bertha, stop crying. I know I'm a brute. But it's fortunate for you that I am. I'm only a brute. There's nothing to cry for." He over-estimated deafness in weepers. And when women flooded their country he always sat down and waited. Often as this had happened to him, he had never attempted to circumvent it. He felt like a person who is taking a little dog for a walk at the end of a string. His voice appeared husky and artificial near her ear. Turned towards the window, he looked at the green stain of the foliage outside. Something was explained. Nature was not friendly to him; its metallic tints jarred. Or anyhow, it was the same for all men. The sunlight seen like an adventurous stranger in the streets was intimate with Bertha. The scrap of crude forest had made him want to be away unaccompanied. But it was tainted with her. If he went away now he would only be playing at liberty. He had been right in not accepting the invitations of the spring. The settlement of this question stood between him and pleasure. A momentary well-being had been accepted. The larger spiritual invitation he had rejected. He would only take that when he was free. In its annual expansion Nature sent its large unstinting invitations. But Nature loved the genius and liberty in him. Tarr felt the invitation would not have been so cordial had he proposed taking a wife and family! He led her passively protesting to the sofa. Like a sick person, she was half indignant at being moved. He should have remained, a perpendicular bed for her, till the fever had passed. Revolted at the hypocrisy required, he left her standing at the edge of the sofa. She stood crouching a little, her face buried in her hands, in indignant absurdity. The only moderately clean thing to do would be to walk out of the door at once and never come back. With his background of months of different behaviour this could not be done. She sank down on the sofa, head buried in the bilious cushions. She lay there like an animal, he thought, or some one mad, a lump of half-humanity. On one side of him Bertha lay quite motionless and silent, and on the other the little avenue was equally still. The false stillness within, however, now gave back to the scene without its habitual character. It still seemed strange to him. But all its strangeness now lay in its everyday and natural appearance. The quiet inside, in the room, was what did not seem strange to him. He had become imbued with that. Bertha's numb silence and abandon was a stupid tableau vivant of his own mood. In this impasse of arrested life he stood sick and useless. They progressed from stage to stage of this weary farce. Confusion increased. It resembled a combat between two wrestlers of mathematically equal strength. Neither could win. One or other of them was usually wallowing warily or lifelessly on his stomach, the other tugging at him or examining and prodding his carcass. His liking, contempt, realization of her love for him, his confused but exigent conscience, dogged preparation to say farewell, all dovetailed with precision. There she lay a deadweight. He could take his hat and go. But once gone in this manner he could not stay. He turned round, and sitting on the window-sill began again staring at Bertha. Women's stormy weakness, psychic discharges, always affected him as the sight of a person being seasick. It was the result of a weak spirit, as the other was the result of a weak stomach. They could only live on the retching seas of their troubles on the condition of being quite empty. The lack of art or illusion in actual life enables the sensitive man to exist. Likewise the phenomenal lack of nature in the average man's existence is lucky and necessary for him. Tarr in some way gathered strength from contemplation of Bertha. His contradictory and dislocated feelings were brought into a new synthesis. Launching himself off the window-sill, he stood still as though suspended in thought. He then sat down provisionally at the writing-table, within a few feet of the sofa. He took up a book of Goethe's poems that she had given him. In cumbrous field-day dress of Gothic characters, squad after squad, these poems paraded their message. He had left it there on a former visit. He came to the ode named "Ganymed," Du rings mich auglühst Frühling, Geliebter! Mit tausendfacher Liebes vonne Sich au mein herz drängt Deiner ewigen Wärme Heilig Gefühlz Unendliche Schöne! He put it in his breast-pocket. As soldiers go into battle sometimes with the Bible in their pocket, he prepared himself for a final combat, with Goethe upon his person. Men's lives have been known to have been saved through a lesser devoutness. He was engaging battle again with the most chivalrous sentiments. The reserves had been called up, his nature mobilized. As his will gathered force and volume (in its determination to "fling" her) he unhypocritically keyed up its attitude. It resembled extreme cunning. He had felt, while he had been holding her, at a disadvantage because of his listless emotion. With emotion equal to hers, he could accomplish anything. Leaving her would be child's play. He appeared to be projecting the manufacture of a more adequate sentiment. Any indirectness was out of the question. A "letting her down softly," kissing and leaving in an hour or two, as though things had not changed, that must not be eschewed—oh, yes. The genuine section of her, of which he had a troubled glimpse, mattered, nothing else. He must appeal obstinately to that. Their coming together had been prosecuted on his side with a stupid levity. He would retrieve this in the parting. He wished to do everything most opposite to his previous lazy conduct. He frowned on Humour. The first skirmish of his comic Armageddon had opened with the advance of his mysterious and goguenard " indifference." This dwindled away at the first onset. A new and more powerful thing had taken its place. This was, in Bertha's eyes, a difference in Tarr. "Something has happened; he is different," she said to herself. "He has met somebody else," had been her rapid provisional conclusion. ##76 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 She suddenly got up without speaking, rather spectrally, she went over to the writing-table for her handkerchief. She had not moved an inch or a muscle until quite herself again, dropping steadily down all the scale of feeling to normal. With very matter-of-factness she got up, easily and quietly, making Sorbert a little dizzy. Her face had all the drama wrung out of it. It was hard, clear, and garishly white, like her body. If he were to have a chance of talking he must clear the air of electricity completely. Else at his first few words storm might return. Once lunch had swept through the room, things would be better. He would send the strawberries ahead to prepare his way. It was like fattening a lamb for the slaughter. This idea pleased him. Now that he had accepted the existence of a possible higher plane of feeling as between Bertha and himself, he was anxious to avoid display. So he ran the risk of outdoing his former callousness. Tarr was saturated with morbid English shyness, that cannot tolerate passion and its nakedness. This shyness, as he contended, in its need to show its heart, discovers subtleties and refinements of expression, opposites and between shades, unknown to less gauche and delicate people. But if he were hustled out of his shell the anger that co-existed with his modesty was the most spontaneous thing he possessed. Bertha had always left him alone. He got up, obsequiously reproducing in his own movements and expression her matter-of-factness. "Well, how about lunch? I'll come and help you with it." "There's nothing to do. I'll get it." Bertha had wiped her eyes with the attentiveness a man bestows on his chin after a shave, in little brusque hard strokes. She did not look at Tarr. She arranged her hair in the mirror, then went to the kitchen. For her to be so perfectly natural offended him. The intensity of her past feeling carried her on for about five minutes into ordinary life. Her seriousness was tactful for so long. Then her nature began to give way. It broke up again into fits and starts of selfconsciousness. The mind was called in, did its work clumsily as usual. She became her usual self. Sitting on the stool by the window, in the act of eating, Tarr there in front of her, it was more than ever impossible to be natural. She resented the immediate introduction of lunch in this way. The resentment increased her artificiality. To counterbalance the acceptance of food, she had to throw more pathos into her face. With haggard resignation she was going on again; doing what was asked of her, partaking of this lunch. She did so with unnecessary conscientiousness. Her strange wave of dignity had let her in this? Almost she must make up for that dignity! Life was confusing her again; it was useless to struggle. "Aren't these strawberries good? These little hard ones are better than the bigger strawberries. Have some more cream?" "Thank you." She should have said no. But being greedy in this matter she accepted it, with heavy air of some subtle advantage gained. "How did the riding lesson go off? " She went to a riding school in the mornings. "Oh, quite well, thank you. How did your lesson go off?" This referred to his exchange of languages with a Russian girl. "Admirably, thank you." The Russian girl was a useful feint for her. "What is the time!" The time? What cheek! He was almost startled. He took his heavy watch out and presented its face to her ironically. "Are you in a hurry?" he asked. "No, I just wondered what the time was. I live so vaguely." "You are sure you are not in a hurry?" "Oh, no!" "I have a confession to make, my dear Bertha." He had not put his watch back in his pocket. She had asked for the watch; he would use it. "I came here just now to test a funny mood—a quite new mood. My visit is a sort of trial trip of this mood. It was connected with you. I wanted to find out what it meant, and how it would be affected by your presence." Bertha looked up with mocking sulky face, a shade of hopeful curiosity. "It was a feeling of complete indifference as regards yourself!" He said this solemnly, with the pomp with which a weighty piece of news might be invested by a solicitor in conversation with his client. "Oh, is that all?" The little barbaric effort was met by Bertha scornfully. "No, that is not all." Catching at the professional figure his manner had conjured up, he ran his further remarks into that mould. The presence of his watch in his hand had brought some image of the family physician or gouty attorney. It all centred round the watch, and her interest in the time of day. "I have found that this was only another fraud on my too credulous sensibility." He smiled with professional courtesy. "At sight of you, my mood evaporated. But what I want to talk about is what is left. It would be well to bring our accounts up to date. I'm afraid the reckoning is enormously against me. You have been a criminally indulgent partner—" He had now got the image down to the more precise form of two partners, perhaps comfortable wine merchants, going through their books. "My dear boy, I know that. You needn't trouble to go any further. But why are you going into these calculations, and sums of profit and loss?" "Because my sentimental finances, if I may use that term, are in a bad state." "Then they only match your worldly ones." " In my worldly ones I have no partner," he reminded her. She cast her eyes about in swoops, full of self-possessed wildness. "I exonerate you, Sorbet," she said, "you needn't go into details. What is yours and what is mine. My God! What does it matter? Not much!" "I know you to be generous—" "Leave that then! Leave these calculations! All that means so little to me! I feel at the end of my strength— au bout de force!" She always heaved this out with much energy. "If you've made up your mind to go—do so, Sorbet. I release you! You owe me nothing. It was all my fault. But spare me a reckoning. I can't stand any more—" "No, I insist on being responsible. We can't leave things upside down—our books in an endless muddle, our desks open, and just walk away for ever —and perhaps set up shop somewhere else?" "I do not feel in any mood to 'set up shop somewhere else,' I can assure you!" The unbusinesslike element in the situation she had allowed to develop for obvious reasons. She now resisted his dishonest attempt to set this right, and benefit first, as he had done, by disorder, and lastly by order. "We can't, in any case, improve matters by talking. I—I, you needn't fear for me, Sorbet. I can look after myself, only don't let us wrangle," with appealing gesture and saintlily smiling face, "let us part friends. Let us be worthy of each other." ##May 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 77 Bertha always opposed to Tarr's images her Teutonic lyricism, usually repeating the same phrases several times. This was degenerating into their routine of wrangle. Always confronted by this imperturbable, deaf and blind "generosity," the day would end in the usual senseless "draw." His words still remained unsaid. "Bertha, listen. Let us, just for fun, throw all this overboard. I mean the cargo of inflated soul-stuff that makes us go statelily, no doubt, but— Haven't we quarrelled enough, and said these things often enough? Our quarrels have been our undoing. A long chain of little quarrels has bound us down. We should neither of us be here if it hadn't been for them." Bertha gazed at Tarr half wonderingly. She realized that something out of the ordinary was on foot. Tarr proceeded. "I have accepted from you a queer sentimental dialect of life, I should have insisted on your expressing yourself in a more logical and metropolitan speech. Let us drop it. There is no need to talk negro, baby-talk, or hybrid drivel from no-man's-land. I don't think we should lead a very pleasant married life—naturally. In the second place, you are not a girl who wants an intrigue, but to marry. I have been playing at fiancé with a certain pleasure in the novelty, but I experience a genuine horror at the possible consequences. I have been playing with you!" He said this eagerly, as though it were a point in his argument—as it was. He paused, for effect apparently. "You, for your part, Bertha, don't do yourself justice when you are acting. I am in the same position. I feel this. My ill-humour occasionally falls in your direction—yours, for its part, falling in mine when I criticize your acting. We don't act well together, and that's a fact; though I'm sure we should be smooth enough allies off the boards of love. Your heart, Bertha, is in the right place; ah, ça—" "You are too kind!" "But—but I will go further! At the risk of appearing outrageously paradoxical. This heart in question is so much part of your intelligence, too—" "Thanks! Thanks!" "—despite your execrable fatuity as an actress! Your shrewdness and goodness give each other the hand.— But to return to my point. I had always till I met you regarded marriage as a thing beyond all argument not for me. I was unusually isolated from this idea, anyway; I had never even reflected what marriage was. You introduced me to marriage! In so doing you are responsible for all our troubles. The approach of this horrible thing, so surprisingly pleasant and friendly at nearer sight, caused revulsion of feeling beyond my control, resulting in sudden fiançailles. Like a woman luxuriously fingering some merchant's goods, too dear for her, or not wanted enough for the big price, so I philandered with the idea of marriage." This simplification put things, merely, in a new callous light. Tarr felt that she must naturally be enjoying, too, his points. He forgot to direct his exposition in such a way as to hurt her least. This trivial and tortured landscape had a beauty for him he could have explained, where her less developed sense saw nothing but a harrowing reality. The lunch had had the same effect on him that it was intended to have on his victim; not enough to overthrow his resolution, but enough to relax its form. As to Bertha, this seemed, in the main, "Sorbet all over." There was nothing new. There was the "difference." But it was the familiar process; he was attempting to convince himself, heartlessly, on her. Whether he would ever manage it was problematic. There was no sign of his being likely to do so more to-day than any other day. She listened; sententiously released him from time to time. Just as she had seemed strange to him in some way when he came in, seen through his "indifference," so he had appeared a little odd to her. This had wiped off the dullness of habit for a moment. This husband she obstinately wanted had been recognized. She had seized him round the shoulders and clung to him, as though he had been her child that some senseless force were about to snatch. As to his superstition about marriage—was it not merely restlessness of youth, propaganda of Liberty, that a year or so would see in Limbo? For was he not a "marrying man"? She was sure of it! She had tried not to frighten him, and to keep "Marriage" in the background. So Tarr's disquisition had no effect except for one thing. When he spoke of pleasure he derived from idea of marriage, she wearily pricked up her ears. The conviction that Tarr was a domesticated animal was confirmed from his own lips. The only result of his sortie was to stimulate her always vigilant hope and irony, both, just a little. He had intended to prepare the couch for her despair! His last words, affirming Marriage to be a game not worth the candle, brought a faint and "weary" smile to her face. She was once more, obviously, au bout de force. "Sorbert; I understand you. Do realize that. There is no necessity for all this rigmarole with me. If you think you shouldn't marry—why, it's quite simple! Don't think that I would force you to marry! Oh, no!" (The training guttural unctuous accent she had in speaking English filled her discourse with natural emphasis.) "I always said that you were too young. You need a wife. You've just said yourself about your feeling for marriage. But you are so young!" She gazed at him with compassionate, half-smiling moistened look, as though there were something deformed about being so young. A way she had was to treat anything that obviously pointed to her as the object of pity, as though it manifestly indicated, on the contrary, Mm. "Yes, Sorbet, you are right," she finished briskly. "I think it would be madness for us to marry!" A suggestion that their leisurely journey towards marriage was perhaps a mistake was at once seriously, and with conviction far surpassing that he had ventured on, taken up by her. She would immediately call a halt, pitch tents preliminary to turning back. A pause was necessary before beginning the return journey. Next day they would be jogging on again in the same disputed direction. Tarr now saw at once what had happened. His good words had been lost, all except his confession to a weakness for the matronly blandishments of Matrimony. He had an access of stupid, brief, and blatant laughter. As people have wondered what was at the core of the world, basing their speculations on what deepest things occasionally emerge, with violence, at its holes, so Bertha often conjectured what might be at the heart of Tarr. Laughter was the most apparently central substance that, to her knowledge, had incontrollably appeared. She had often heard grondements, grumblings, quite literally, and seen unpleasant lights, belonging, she knew, to other categories of matter. But they never broke cover. At present this gaiety was interpreted as proof that she had been right. There was nothing in what he had said. It had been only one of his bad fits of rebellion. But laughter Tarr felt was retrogression. Laughter must be given up. He must in some way, for both their sakes, lay at once the foundations of an ending. For a few minutes he played with the idea of ##78 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 affecting her weapons. Perhaps it was not only impossible to overcome, but even to approach, or to be said to be on the same field with, this peculiar amazon, without such uniformity of engines of attack or defence. Should not he get himself a mask like hers at once, and follow suit with some emphatic sentence? He stared uncertainly at her. Then he sprang to his feet. He intended, as far as he could see beyond this passionate movement (for he must give himself up to the mood, of course) to pace the room. But his violence jerked out of him a shout of laughter. He went stamping about the floor roaring with reluctant mirth. It would not come out properly, too, except the first outburst. "Ay. That's right! Go on! Go on! " Bertha's patient irony seemed to gibe. This laughter left him vexed with himself, like a fit of tears. "Humour and pathos are such near twins, that Humour may be exactly described as the most feminine attribute of man, and the only one of which women show hardly any trace! Jokes are like snuff, a slatternly habit," said Tarr to Butcher once, "whereas tragedy (and tears) is like tobacco, much drier and cleaner. Comedy being always the embryo of Tragedy, the directer nature weeps. Women are of course directer than men. But they have not the same resources." Butcher blinked. He thought of his resources, and remembered his inclination to tears. Tarr's disgust at this electric rush of sound made him turn it on her. He was now put at a fresh disadvantage. How could he ever succeed in making Bertha believe that a person who laughed immoderately was serious? Under the shadow of this laugh all his ensuing acts or words must toil, discredited in advance. Desperately ignoring accidents, he went back beyond his first explosion, and attacked its cause— indicting Bertha, more or less, as responsible for the disturbance. He sat down squarely in front of her, hardly breathed from his paroxysm, getting launched without transition. He hoped, by rapid plunging from one state to another, to take the wind out of the laugh's sails. It should be left towering, spectral, but becalmed, behind. "I don't know from which side to approach you, Bertha. You frequently complain of my being thoughtless and spoilt. But your uncorked solemnity is far more frivolous than anything I can manage.— Excuse me, of course, for speaking in this way! — Won't you come down from your pedestal just for a few minutes?" And he "sketched," in French idiom, a gesture, as though offering her his hand. "My dear boy, I feel far from being on any pedestal! There's too little of the pedestal, if anything, about me. Really, Sorbet," (she leant towards him with an abortive movement as though to take his hand) "I am your friend; believe me!" (Last words very quick, with nod of head and blink of eyes.) "You worry yourself far too much. Don't do so. You are in no way bound to me. If you think we should part—let us part! " The "let us part!" was precipitate, strenuous Prussian, almost truculent. Tarr thought: "Is it cunning, stupidity, disease or what?" She continued of a sudden, shunting on to another track of generosity: "But I agree. Let us be franker. We waste too much time talking, talking. You are different to-day, Sorbet. What is it % If you have met somebody else—" "If I had I'd tell you. There is besides nobody else to meet. You are unique!" "Some one's been saying something to you—" "No. I've been saying something to somebody else. But it's the same thing." With half-incredulous, musing, glimmering stare she drew in her horns. Tarr meditated. " I should have known that. I am asking her for something that she sees no reason to give up. Next her goût for me, it is the most valuable thing she possesses. It is indissolubly mixed up with the gout. The poor heightened self she laces herself into is the only consolation for me and all the troubles I spring on her. And I ask her brutally to 'come down from her pedestal.' I owe even a good deal to that pedestal, I expect, as regards her goût. This blessed protection Nature has given her, I, a minute or two before leaving her, make a last inept attempt to capture or destroy. Her good sense is contemptuous and indignant. It is only in defence of this ridiculous sentimentality that she has ever shown her teeth. This illusion has enabled her to bear things so long. It now stands ready with Indian impassability to manoeuvre her over the falls or rapids of Parting. The scientific thing to do, I suppose, my intention being generous, would be to flatter and increase in some way this idea of herself. I should give her some final and extraordinary opportunity of being 'noble.'" He looked at her a moment, in search of inspiration. "I must not be too vain. I exaggerate the gravity of the hit. As to my attempted rape—see how I square up when she shows signs of annexing my illusion. We are really the whole time playing a game of grabs and dashes at each other's fairy vestment of Imagination. Only hers makes her very fond of me, whereas mine makes me see any one but her. Perhaps this is why I have not been more energetic in my prosecution of the game, and have allowed her to remain in her savage semi-naked state of pristine balderdash. Why has she never tried to modify herself in direction of my 'taste'? From not daring to leave this protective fanciful self, while I still kept all my weapons? Then her initiative. She does nothing it is the man's place to do. She remains 'woman' as she would say. Only she is so intensely alive in her passivity, so maelstromlike in her surrender, so cataclysmic in her sacrifice, that very little remains to be done. The man's position is a mere sinecure." To cover reflection, he set himself to finish lunch. The strawberries were devoured mechanically, with unhungry itch to clear the plate. He had become just a devouring-machine, restless if any of the little red balls still remained in front of it. Bertha's eyes sought to carry her out of this Present. But they had broken down, depositing her, so to speak, somewhere half-way down the avenue. Tarr got up, a released automaton, and walked to the cloth-covered box where he had left his hat and stick. Then he returned in some way dutifully and obediently to the same seat, sat there for a minute, hat on knee. He had gone over and taken it up without thinking. He only realized, once back, what it meant. Nothing was settled, he had so far done more harm than good. The presence of the hat and stick on his knees, however, was like the holding open of the front door already. Anything said with them there could only be like words said as an afterthought, on the threshold. It was as though, hat on head, he were standing with his hand on the door-knob, about to add some trifle to a thing already fixed. He got up, walked back to where he had picked up the hat and stick, placed them as they were before, then returned to the window. What should be done now? He seemed to have played all his fifty-two cards. Everything to "be done" looked behind him, not awaiting him at all. That passive pose of Bertha's was not encouraging. It had lately withstood stoically a good deal, was ##May 1, 1916 The Egoist 79 quite ready to absorb still more. There was something almost pugnacious in so much resignation. But when she looked up at him there was no sign of combat. She appeared stilled to something simple again, by some fluke of a word. For the second time that day she had jumped out of her skin. Her heart beat in a delicate, exhausted way, her eyelids became moistened underneath, as she turned to her unusual fiancé. They had wandered, she felt, into a drift of silence that hid a distant and unpleasant prospect at the end of it. It seemed suddenly charged with some alarming fancy that she could not grasp. There was something more unusual than her fiancé. The circular storm, in her case, was returning. "Well, Sorbet?" "Well. What is it?" "Why don't you go? I thought you'd gone. It seems so funny to see you standing there. What are you staring at me for?" "Don't be silly." She looked down with a wild demureness, her head on one side. Her mouth felt some distance from her brain. Her voice stood on tiptoe like a dwarf to speak. She became very much impressed by her voice, and was rather afraid to say anything more. Had she fainted? Sorbert was a stranger. The black stubble on his chin and brown neck appeared like the symptoms of a disease that repelled her. She noticed something criminal and quick in his eyes. She became nervous, as though she had admitted somebody too trustingly to her rooms. This fancy played on her hysteria, and she really wanted him to go. "Why don't you go?" she repeated, in a matter-of-fact voice. Tarr remained silent, seemingly determined not to answer. Meantime he looked at her with a doubtful dislike. What is love? he began reasoning. It is either possession or a possessive madness. In the case of men and women, it is the obsession of a personality. He had presumably been endowed with the power of awaking love in her. He had something to accuse himself of. He had been afraid of giving up or repudiating this particular madness. To give up another person's love is a mild suicide; like a very bad inoculation as compared to the full disease. His tenderness for Bertha was due to her having purloined some part of himself, and covered himself superficially with it as a shield. Her skin at least was Tarr. She had captured a bit of him, and held it as a hostage. She was rapidly transforming herself, too, into a slavish dependency. She worked with all the hypocrisy of a great instinct. People can wound by loving; the sympathy of this affection is interpenetrative. Love performs its natural miracle, and they become part of us; it is a dismemberment to cast them off. Our own blood flows out after them when they go. Or love was a malady; it was dangerous to live with those consumed by it. He felt an uneasiness. Might not a wasting and restlessness ensue? It would not, if he caught it, be recognizable as love. Perhaps he had already got it slightly. That might account for his hanging about her. He evidently was suffering from something that came from Bertha. Everybody, however, all personality, was catching. We all are sicknesses for each other. Such contact as he had with Bertha was particularly risky. Their photographs he had just been looking at displayed an unpleasant solidarity. Was it necessary to allege "love" at all? The word was superfluous in his case. The fact was before him. He felt suddenly despondent and afraid of the Future. He had fallen beneath a more immediate infection. He looked attentively round the room. His memory already ached. She had loved him with all this. She had loved him with the plaster cast of Beethoven, attacked him with the Klingers, ambushed him from the Breton jars, in a funny, superficial, absorbing way. Her madness had muddled everything with his ideal existence. It wasn't like leaving an ordinary room you had spent pleasant hours in and would regret. You would owe nothing to that, and it could not pursue you with images of wrong. This room he was wronging, and left it in a different way. She seemed, too, so humble in it, or through it. The appeal of the little again. If he could only escape from scale. The price of preoccupation with the large was this perpetual danger from the little. He wished he could look coldly on mere littleness, and not want to caress and protect it when it was human. Brutality was no doubt necessary for people like him. Love was too new to him. He was not inoculated enough with love. He had callously been signing his name to a series of brutalities, then, as though he were sure that when the time came he would have a quite sufficient stock of coldness to meet these debts. Yet he had known from the first that he had not. Eventually he would have to evade them or succumb. The flourishes of the hand and mind had caused Bertha's mute and mournful attitude. She thought she knew him, but was amazed at his ignorance or pretence. So he had now brought this new element into relief. For the last hour he had been accumulating difficulties, or rather unearthing some new one at every step. Impossible to tackle en masse, they were all there before him. The thought of "settling everything before he went," now appeared monstrous. He had, anyhow, started these local monsters and demons, fishing them to the light. Each had a different vocal explosiveness or murmur, inveighing unintelligibly against each other. The only thing to be done was to herd them all together and march them away for inspection at leisure. Sudden herdsman, with the care of a delicate and antediluvian flock; well!—But what was Bertha to be told? Nothing. He would file out silently with his flock, without any hornblasts or windings such as he customarily affected. "I am going now," he said at last, getting up. She looked at him with startled interest. "You are leaving me, Sorbet?" "No. At least, now I am going." He stooped down for his hat and cane." I will come and see you to-morrow or the day after." Closing the door quietly, with a petty carefulness, he crossed the passage, belittled and guilty. He did not wish to escape this feeling. It would be better to enhance it. For a moment it occurred to him to go back and offer marriage. It was about all he had to offer. He was ashamed of his only gift! But he did not stop, he opened the front door and went downstairs. Something raw and uncertain he seemed to have built up in the room he had left. How long would it hold together? Again he was acting in secret, his errand and intentions kept to himself. Something followed him like a restless dog. (To be continued) POEMES Par ANDRÉ SPIRE Author of "Versets," "Vers les Routes Absurdes," etc. A little book of unpublished poems written just before and during the war. M. Spire has been in Nancy, near the firing-line, since August 1914 PUBLISHED BY THE EGOIST PRICE 6d NET POSTAGE Id ##80 THE EGOIST May 1, 1916 The Little Review LITERATURE, DRAMA, MUSIC, ART MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.................. Name.................................. Address................................ ................................ THE DRAMA FOR MAY OFFERS TWO PLAYS BY REMY DE GOURMONT whose dramatic work has never been accessible in English. The translation has been made by the celebrated Imagist poet, RICHARD ALDINGTON who contributes also a skilful critique of de Gourmont's work. The plays are printed by an authorization given a few weeks before the playwright's death. Alexander Bakshy, an associate of the Russian producer, Meyerhold, writes on "THE CINEMATOGRAPH AS ART" Mr. Charles Lemmi contributes a brilliant discussion of "THE ITALIAN STAGE OF TO-DAY" an attempt to analyse and explain the forces in the present-day Italian theatre. The Hull House Players, an organization of more than local fame, is the subject of a brief history by the founder and director, Laura Dainty Pelham. Many other articles on the current problems of the drama, reviews, and bibliographies complete the number. THE DRAMA QUARTERLY 736 Marquette Building, CHICAGO three dollars per year two dollars per year to members of the drama league of AMERICA seventy-five cents per copy POETRY Edited by HARRIET MONROE A Magazine of Verse One Year (12 Numbers) U.S.A. $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7 - " The Best Magazine — by far — in the English language."—PADRAIC COLUM. Poetry publishes the best verse now being written in English, and its prose section contains brief articles on subjects connected with the art, also reviews of the new verse. It has introduced more new poets of importance than all the other American magazines combined, besides publishing the work of poets already distinguished. Subscribe at once—the April number begins Vol. VII. POETRY, 543 Cass Street, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.............................................................................. Name.............................:.............................................................................................— Address............................................................................................................................. POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Any te of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the "Iphigenia in Aulis" of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella" of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. A Second Series will start in September. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The New Freewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. Printed by The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##