The Crisis , made The CRISIS Louis Portlock JULY 1922 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY **Another Lighthouse to Help Chart Negro Business into The Right Channel. The Southern Aid Society's New Modern 3 story and basement building located at 106 and 106À South Ave., Petersburg, Va. Petersburg's first colored bank and its leading professional and business interests now have modern quarters within which to display their talents and wares. The Society's District Office is located on 3rd floor. In addition to providing a superior policy of protection to its policyholders— the Society renders a threefold service to the race: It gives employment to hundreds of young women and men—It provides ready cash to its policyholders in times of sickness, accident and death—It provides, in the largest cities in its field of operation, modern office facilities to the colored professional and business interests. It is indeed a Servant of the People. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VIRGINIA, INC. Home Office: 527 N. Second Street, RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies in Virginia and the District of Columbia J. T. CARTER, Pres. and Gen'l Counsel B. L. JORDAN, Seoty. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Secty. **THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUSET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 24-No. 3 JULY, 1922 Whole No. 141 Page COVER Drawing by Louis Portlock. OPINION The World and Us; Virginia; Mississippi; Hampton College; The Rhodes Scholarships; Haiti; The Army; Fraud; Evil; First Blood; Ten Phrases .................................................... 103 NEGRO HIGHER EDUCATION IN 1921-22. Illustrated................ 108 THE FRENCH COLONIAL EXPOSITION AT MARSEILLES. Illustrated William S. Nelson ........................................... 116 TREASURE. A Poem. Georgia Douglas Johnson.................... 120 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE................................................... 121 LA VIE C'EST LA VIE. A Poem. Jessie Fauset..................... 124 THE HORIZON. Illustrated....................................... 125 THE LOOKING GLASS .......................................... 130 FIFTEEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR AND A HALF A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTION TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The data of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of addres's, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavadable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. **100 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Sciencea The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economic! The Department of Social Service For farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina STATE OF NEW JERSEY Manual Training and Industrial School FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high Institution tor the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough Instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training far «II students. Courses In carpentry, agriculture and trade« for beys. Including auto repairing. Courses In domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. Now girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terme reasonable. For Information address W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Wiley University Marshall, Texas Recognized as a college of first class by Texas, Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma State Boards of Education. Harvard, Boston University. University of Illinois and University of Chicago represented on its faculty. One hundred twenty-seven in College Department, session 1910-1920. Several new buildings, steam heated and electric lighted. M. W. DOGAN, President LINCOLN UNIVERSITY Pioneer in Collegiate and Theological Education Lincoln Men are Leaders in the various professions in Forty States. The College is ranked in Class I. by the American Medical Association. Address: John B. Kendall, D.D., Lincoln University, Cheater County, Fonna. The Cheyney Training School for Teachers Cheyney, Pa. A Pennsylvania Stat* Normal School offering. In addition to the regular Normal Course of two years, professional three year courses in Home Economics and Shop Work. A diploma from any of these courses makes a graduate eligible to teach in the public schools of Pennsylvania. A three-year High School Course is offered to all who have completed the eighth granimer grade. Next term begins September 18, 1922. For further particulars and catalog, write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal Cheyney, Pa. There Will Be No Summer School for 1922 Mention The Crisis. **THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 101 Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College. Special emphasis is laid upon the training of teachers. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates have a fine record for successful work. For further information address President Edward T. Ware Atlanta, Ga. KNOXVILLE COLLEGE Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Institution offers courses in the following departments. College. Normal, High School, Grammar School, Domestic Science, Nurse Training and Industrial. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term begins Wednesday, Sept. 13, 1922. For catalog and other information address PRESIDENT J. KELLY G1FFEN Knoxville. Tenn. Founded 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Over 100 «eres of beautiful campus. Twelre buildings with new $150,000 administration building with modern chapel, gymnasium and laboratories ready for use In September. Strong faculty—Religious atmosphere—Athletics—Co-educational. Admission only by application. RE-ARRANGED COURSES OF STUDY Junior High School—7th and 8th Grades and 1st and 2nd years' High School Courses, with certificate. Junior College—3rd and 4th Year High School with Freshman and Sophomore years of College work, with Diploma. College—Four years above High School, or two years above Junior College Course, with degree of A.B. Domestic Science—Commerce—Normal— Pre-medical Course 54th year of nine months opens September 20, 1922. $150.00 per year pays tuition, board room and laundry. HARRY ANDREWS KING. President The Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Offers courses leading to certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B. Young, President Tallahasee, Florida SIMMONS UNIVERSITY, Louisville, Ky. Founded 1879. The only Institution In the State harms for Its object Collegiate, Ministerial, Medical, and Legal training for Colored citizens In Kentucky. Special training In Insurance, Social Serrtce. Nursing and Hospital Work. Normal, Commercial, Music. Dornest!« Science, Missionary training olaaa. Evening classes, correspondence course. Degrees offered. President C. H. Parrish MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. Collège, Academy, Divinity School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For information, address. JOHN HOPE, President. FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, .Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and (rounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President KIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C. Biddle University, operated under the auspices of the Northern Presbyterian Church, has four Deportments—High School, Arts and Sciences, Theological and Industrial, The completion of a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance to the first year of the High School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class is 15 units of High School work. The Theological Department offers two courses, each consisting of three years. The first is purely English, Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All students In the High School Dept. are required to take trades in the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address President H. L. MoCrerey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christion influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, High School, Normal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. Fer further information address JOHN H. LEWIS, President Bishop J, S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board **102 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Howard University Washington, D. C. Founded by GENERAL O. O. HOWARD J. STANLEY DURKEE, A.M., Ph.D., D.D., President EMMETT J. SCOTT, A.M., LL.D., Secretary-Treasurer COLLEGIATE AND PROFESSIONAL SCHOOLS REGISTRATION Autumn Quarter ................Friday, Sept. 29, and Saturday, Sept, 30, 1922 Winter Quarter .....................................Tuesday, January 2, 1923 Spring Quarter .....................................Saturday, Haren 17, 1923 FOR CATALOG AND INFORMATION WRITE F. D. WILKINSON, Registrar HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. 0. Founded 1899 Incorporated 1901 BEREAN Manual Training and Industrial School (Non-Sectarian) S. College Ave. and N. 19th St. Philadelphia, Pa. Spring Term Opening April 4th, 1922 DAY AND NIGHT SESSIONS Write for Bulletin to the Principal MATTHEW ANDERSON, D.D. 1926 S. College Avenue, Philadelphia, Fa. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help Yon Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, O. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. Talladega College Talladega, Alabama Founded in 1867 for the Education of Negro Leaders Beautiful and Healthful Location. Literary, Scientific, Educational, Social Service, Theological, Musical, Business Administration, Journalism, Nurse Training Courses. High Standards of Christian Manhood and Womanhood. For further information address P. A. SUMNER, President ROGER WILLIAMS UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE Founded 1866 Location Ideal It offers courses in the Liberal Arts, Normal, Academic and Musical departments. For further information write _SAMUEL A. OWEN, President COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Koma Mission Society of Chicago and Bolton and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on trat (rada by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episoopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 61SS Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia. Pa. "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, - - Principal. **THE CRISIS Vol. 24. No. 3 JULY, 1922 Whole No. 141 Opinion of W. E. B. Du Bois THE WORLD AND US A HIGH tariff means that every laborer pays more in higher prices than he receiver in higher wages. This is the reason big employers love the tariff. "Forgive us our debts as we forgive our debtors", says Europe to the United States, and we, the richest country on earth answer never a word. And yet we could cancel our foreign debts and actually make money by the deed. Abraham Lincoln was a Southern poor white, of illegitimate birth, poorly educated and unusually ugly, awkward, ill-dressed. He liked smutty stories and was a politician down to his toes. Aristocrats—Jeff Davis, Seward and their ilk—despised him, and indeed he had little outwardly that compelled respect. But in that curious human way he was big inside. He had reserves and depths and when habit and convention were torn away there was something left to Lincoln—nothing to most of his contemners. There was something left, so that at the crisis he was big enough to be inconsistent—cruel, merciful; peace-loving, a fighter; despising Negroes and letting them fight and vote; protecting slavery and freeing slaves. He was a man—a big, inconsistent, brave man. We have no sympathy for the railway unions, we black men; because they admit only white men and do all in their power to lower the wages of black porters and laborers. We are glad to see them swallow dose after dose of their own bad medicine. We hope the Railway Labor Board will keep up its interesting program of robbing Laborer Peter to increase the dividends of Railway Executive Paul. Congress is in a pretty mess; pot calls kettle black, and tells the truth. Democrats lynch, and steal Haiti; Republicans keep Haiti and let lynchers be. Both want to pay the soldiers to vote for them, but cannot dig up the small change. The while the fall election looms. Watch your Congressman. Forget the President and the Minister to Siam, but watch your Congressman and knife him if he falters. VIRGINIA DETERMINED effort is being made to prove that the Southern states are treating Negro schools so justly and decently that the Nation can afford to trust them with fifty million dollars and more to educate all the people without Federal supervision or oversight and without even the legal safeguard of declaring that all children must have equal treatment. Is this true? The Petersburg, Va., Progress, a white paper, said October 3, 1921: "The city of Petersburg has many valuable assets. We shall not endeavor to decide as to which is the most valuable. But we believe the vast majority of people will agree that none is of greater value than its schools, which are sincerely believed to be the best in Virginia and the equal of those of any city of our size in any State." 103 **104 THE CRISIS To this the Weekly Review, a colored paper, replies October 8, 1921: "Within the past ten years the school population of both the colored and whites of the city, has nearly doubled. To care for the increase of the white, several new and modernly equipped schools have been erected. In figures the city of Petersburg has spent close to a million dollars. It is still spending it, and as the Progress says, there are others in contemplation. In this same length of time—with the increase about the same—there has been erected for the colored children one lone school building, which was in no sense an addition. This was called upon to accommodate the population of all the old schools, as they were abandoned on its completion. This building is now over-crowded, and in order to accommodate all, the training of the children must be and is neglected. In other words, with a constantly growing population, the colored school accommodation here is practically the same that it was ten years ago." MISSISSIPPI THE latest biennial report of the State Superintendent of Public Education of the State of Mississippi has just reached us. It covers the scholastic years of 1919-20 and 1920-21. First of all we note that the compulsory attendance law was rejected in four counties of which Claiborne with 78 per cent, of non-voting Negroes was one. The superintendent adds this illuminating statement. "Altogether 33,186 white children over 7 years of age who had never been to school before were brought into our schools by this law." In other words, as a Mississippi colored citizen informs us, no attempt is made to enforce this law so far as colored children are concerned. There are 353 consolidated county schools for whites, but none for Negroes. There are 125 teachers' homes for whites and none for Negroes. In 14 counties one or two extra teachers have been added to the colored county schools by the Jeanes Fund to teach industries. By the help of $52,000 from Julius Rosenwald and private funds raised by colored people, after they had received nothing from their taxes, $92,000 was spent for Negro school houses in 1921. None of the money came from the State and if any came from the counties it is not reported. Forty-nine agricultural schools were supported by the State and taught 6,000 white boys and girls. The State appropriated $550,000 for these schools during two years. There are no such high schools for Negroes. There are 160 accredited high schools for whites in the State. There is one for Negroes. The per capita expense of educating each child enrolled for the year 1920-21, together with the average salaries paid white and colored teachers is as follows for the 20 counties of the State in which 70 per cent, or more of the population is Negro: Aver. Monthly Salary Per Capita Exp. County, 1920-21 Paid Teachers for each child enrolled White Colored White Colored Adams .......$76.00 $33.00 * * Bolivar ...... 78.27 36.35 $24.01 $2.17 Claiborne ____ 81.85 38.00 3,29 .70 Coahoma .....141.32 42.00 46.06 2.86 De Soto ..... 78.74 35.10 17.41 2.10 Grenada ..... 78.54 33.80 3.37 .74 Hinds ....... 84.00 33.00 15.31 3.00 Holmes ...... * * * * Issaquena ____ 42.00 24.00 37.00 8.00 Jefferson ____ 59.83 37.30 4.85 .61 Leflore ...... * * * * Lowndes ____ 84.00 29.35 2.83 .46 Madison .....107.33 25.34 34.64 2.03 Marshall ____ 54.00 33.00 10.20 2.85 Noxubee ..... 99.73 33.59 47.99 3.26 Quitman .....106.00 38.00 30.92 3.60 Sharkey ......119.54 48.61 35.72 3.46 Tunica ......115.00 53.00 43.87 2.99 Wilkinson .... 60.00 30.00 21.52 3.32 Yazoo ....... 67.50 29.50 14.56 1.62 *No report. The advocates of the Sterling-Towner bill are asking the nation to give Mississippi millions of dollars of federal funds "to be distributed and administered in accordance with the laws of the said State in like manner as the funds provided by State and local authorities for the same purpose." HAMPTON COLLEGE THOSE who take up the 53rd and 54th annual catalogs of Hampton Institute will realize that this institution has at last become a college. Last year, the agricultural school offered a **OPINION 105 course with the degree of Bachelor of Science in Agriculture. This year "a standard college course of 44 weeks" is open for teachers, upon the completion of which the degree of B.A. in Education will be given. This marks the end of a long and bitter fight. For years many persons in authority at Hampton looked upon that school as the bulwark in the great battle against higher education for Negroes. But despite every effort the logic of events forced Hampton to do exactly what she had long tried not to do. Her graduates with a grammar and a high school course were unable to meet the demands of the very Southern whites who wanted to employ them in the school systems; if the Hampton graduate sought additional training he found himself seriously handicapped by the fact that the Hampton course was not recognized by reputable colleges. Hampton thus found itself between the devil and the deep sea. If it wanted to spread the Hampton doctrine it must give its men modern training. But what was the Hampton doctrine? It was not necessarily opposition to higher education as General Armstrong himself would have said. On the other hand, if Hampton transformed herself into a college, what was left of that long and elaborate argument by which the superiority of the Hampton course of study over Howard, Fisk, Atlanta and Union had been so effectively proven? Would not Hampton become simply one of many colored colleges, efficient because she had excellent teachers and a splendid plant, and not because she had discovered a new gospel of education? It has been this latter alternative that Hampton has at last been forced to accept and she is to be congratulated upon the decision. Along with Lincoln University in Pennsylvania she has one more step to take and that is to put colored teachers and officers in real places of power and influence upon her faculty. The time has gone when the colored people of the United States are going to have the world interpreted to them solely by white people. Not that they are prepared or we trust ever will be prepared to have their teaching, preaching, healing and writing done solely by black folk;— they want men and women of the best trained mind and heart to guide them, and in the choosing of these leaders they will brook no color line. THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS RHODES scholars are students appointed in the United States to Oxford University, England. They receive at present about $1,500 a year for three years. Two scholarships are assigned to each State. Since the scholarship is tenable for three years, there will be one year out of every three in which there will be no election. In each of the other two years one scholarship will be filled up if a suitable candidate offers. A candidate to be eligible must— (a) Be a citizen of the United States, with at least five years' domicile, and unmarried. (b) By the 1st of October of the year for which he is elected, have passed his nineteenth and not have passed his twenty-fifth birthday. (c) By the 1st of October of the year for which he is elected (i.e., 1922), have completed at least his Sophomore year at some recognized degree-granting university or college of the United States of America. Candidates may apply either for the State in which they have their ordinary private domicile, home, or residence, or for any State in which they may have received at least two years of their college education before applying. Institutions should select their rep-** THE CRISIS resentatives on the basis of the qualities which will be considered by the State Committee in making the final selection. These are: (1) Qualities of manhood, force of character, and leadership (2) Literary and scholastic ability and attainments (3) Physical vigor, as shown by interest in outdoor sports or in other ways. HAITI WE must strictly maintain and scrupulously observe, in letter and in spirit, the mandates of the Constitution of the United States. We are not doing so now. We are at war, not alone technically with Germany, but actually with the little, helpless republics of our own hemisphere. The wars upon our neighbors to the south were made and are still being waged through the usurpation by the Executive of powers not only never bestowed upon him, but scrupulously withheld by the Constitution. "Of the fact there can be no question. Practically all we know now is that thousands of native Haitians have been killed by American marines, and that many of our own gallant men have sacrificed their lives at the behest of an executive department in order to establish laws drafted by an Assistant Secretary of the Navy, to secure a vote in the League and to continue at the point of the bayonet a military domination which at this moment requires the presence of no less than 3,000 of our armed men on that foreign soil." —Warren G. Harding, at Marion, Ohio, September 17, 1920. THE ARMY THE Republican administration is not only carrying out Democratic policies in Haiti but also in the army. The Secretary of War, in a letter to Dr. DeHaven Hinkson of Philadelphia, asserted, first, that Negroes and whites are not going to be combined in the same organizations. Secondly, that the 92nd and 93rd Divisions have been disbanded forever. Thirdly, that colored organizations are not going to be integral parts of state National Guard units, but, upon request, may be organized into "separate allotments"; and that finally the War Department is going to reserve the right "to assign citizens to duty which they are most capable of performing" meaning, of course, that they propose to put Negroes in Labor Battalions under white southern slave drivers. Finally we note with deep interest the following quotation from the Army and Navy Register: "The retirement of Chaplain Oscar J. W. Scott (colored), U. S. Army, on account of physical disability incident to the service, leaves the 10th cavalry (colored) without a chaplain. Under the announced policy of the War Department of making no appointments of chaplains until the excess occasioned by the reduction of the Army to 150,000 is absorbed no colored chaplain will be available to take Chaplain Scott's place. This will probably result in a white chaplain being assigned to duty with the 10th cavalry. If this is done, the experiment will be watched with interest, for very many officers who have served with colored regiments have expressed the belief that the right kind of white chaplain could be eminently successful in serving Negro troops and at the same time could minister to the white officers and their families." Mr. Harding is certainly piling up Negro votes for next November. FRAUD THERE is a widely prevalent method of defrauding people by offering to furnish mus:c for their "lyrics" and publish the same at a little "compensation," varying from twenty-five to two hundred and fifty dollars. Persons continually write to us asking for details about such offers. Ninety-nine out of a hundred of these things are barefaced frauds. If you have a poem which is worth setting up to music, you can find a composer and a publisher who will issue it without charge to you. **OPINION 107 EVIL WE are not the only ones who are suffering. In Massachusetts two Italians have been sentenced to death for a crime which has never been properly proven against them. In Leavenworth prison ninety-six white men are serving from five to twenty-year terms for no crime but simply because they belonged to an organization which some people do not like. At the White House, a Children's Crusade has been inaugurated to plead for the release of hundreds of white political prisoners. In West Virginia 80,000 white men, women and children are "gaunt and pallid with hunger." Here in New York, "mothers, wives and children in your own city appeal to you for food, shelter, clothing and protection. The bread winner is in prison." Just as black people in Texas were unable to get a lawyer who dared to defend Mr. Shil-lady in the local courts, so in Louisiana white men cannot get a lawyer in a similar case. In Newport, Kentucky, a strike has been put down by tanks and machine guns among white men, while among black brick-makers in New York, Cossacks have done similar work. In Russia the starving are eating their own children and the melting snows disclose heaps upon heaps of the bodies of the starved dead. Five million people are still starving. All the evil is not ours, my brother. FIRST BLOOD WE would respectfully call the attention of the cowards in Congress and particularly in the Senate to the shadows of certain coming events. First, the Attorney-General of Pennsylvania who helped kill the Civil Rights Bill and who publicly opposed the Anti-Lynching Bill was defeated for the governorship by Gifford Pinchot, who has openly stated his advocacy of the Anti-Lynching Bill. Secondly, Congressman E. J. Jones of the 10th Pennsylvania district, who voted against the Dyer Bill was defeated in the primary. Congressman William Vare, who was "absent" when the Madden "Jim Crow" Bill came up two years ago and also when the Dyer Bill came up, has had his machine so smashed by independent Negro voters that his end is in sight. In Michigan and New Jersey, Republican Congressmen who opposed the Dyer Bill were fought bitterly by colored voters, with the result, at this writing, in doubt. And in spite of this, some one actually writes us and asks "if" they shall oppose Slemp of Virginia, the leader of the "Lily Whites" and the southern adviser of Mr. Harding. If Black Virginia does not oppose him by every means in her power, let them never look American Negroes in the face again! TEN PHRASES THE following ten phrases are recommended to white students in Southern colleges as quite sufficient for all possible discussions of the race problem: 1. The Southerner is the Negro's Best Friend. 2. Slavery was Beneficial to the Negro. 3. The Races will Never Mix. 4. All Negro Leaders are Mulattoes. 5. The Place for the Negro is in the South. 6. I love My Black Mammy. 7. Do you want your sister to marry a Nigger? 8. Do not disturb the present friendly relations between the races. 9. The Negro must be kept in his place. 10. Lynching is the defense of Southern womanhood. **Negro Higher Education in 1921-22 ACCORDING to our custom we are pre-senting names and numbers of persons of Negro descent who have received higher degrees in colleges and universities. We are not attempting this year to give complete statistics until later as we go to press too soon after Commencement to get full returns. Also to our great regret we must omit high schools. The number of high school graduates has become so large that it is impossible for us to keep track of them within reasonable limits. We may be able to take some note of them in future numbers. Professors and Fellows The most outstanding occurrence of the year is the appointment of Julian H. Lewis of Chicago, Illinois, as assistant professor of pathology in the University of Chicago. Dr. Lewis was born in Illinois in 1891 of parents who were both teachers in the public schools. He was graduated from the University of Illinois in 1911, receiving his M.A. in physiology in 1912. He was a teaching Fellow in the University of Chicago from 1912 to 1915, receiving his Ph.D. in pathology and physiology in 1915. In 1914 he received the Ricketts' prize of $250 for "presenting the best results in research in pathology or bacteriology." In 1917 he received the degree of M.D. from the Rush Memorial College, together with the Benjamin Rush medal valued at $50 which is given annually to the member of the graduating class "who passes the highest examination in every department of medicine". JULIAN H. LEWIS 108 ** R. C. JACKSON A.B., Indiana H. M. SMITH A.B., Colgate THEODORE B. NIX, JR. A.B., Colorado ARTHUR F. REDDING A.B., N. Y. City L. BEATRICE MORTON A.B., Cincinnati K. V. LAMBKINS A.B., Cincinnati LOUISE MASON A.B., Hunter L. S. HART A.B., Williams CATHERINE GRIGSBY A.B., Smith ALICE I. BROWN B.S., N. Y. University T, T. RILEY A.B., Northwestern JAMES A. GARDINER B.A., Fa. State GEORGE R. DORSEY A.B., Michigan RUSSELL DAVIS B.S., Case School STERLING A. BROWN A.B., Williams R, A. HAREWOOD A. B., Illinois 109 **110 THE CRISIS EDWARD PORTEE DAVIS From 1917 to 1922 Dr. Lewis was instructor in the Department of Pathology in the University of Chicago and member of the Sprague Memorial Institute for medical research. His publications, which are about twenty in number, deal mostly with serology, which is the study of serum injection for the prevention of disease. At present he is also studying the causes of cancer. During the late world war he was first lieutenant and was assigned to the University of Chicago to investigate means of protection against poisoning during the manufacture of munitions. The Sprague Institute has granted him a fund for investigation on pathology among Negroes in all countries. Dr. Lewis married Miss Eva Overton of Chicago in 1919. He is pathologist of the Provident Hospital, a member of the Sigma Xi, the honorary national scientific fraternity, of the Alpha Omega Alpha, the honorary national medical fraternity; the Illinois Academy of Science; the Chicago Pathological Society and the Chicago Medical Society; also of the colored fraternities, the Alpha Phi Alpha and the Sigma Pi Phi. Edward Porter Davis, head of the Department of German in Howard University, has been appointed Fellow in German in the University of Chicago for 1922-23. University Fellows are nominated by the Professor of the Department, recommended by the President and elected by the trustees ''The candidate must have attained proficiency in some department. In general he should have spent at least one year in resident study after receiving his Bachelor degree. In making appointment special weight is given to dissertations indicating the candidates' ability to conduct original investigation." Mr. Davis was born in Charleston, S. C, educated at Avery and Howard, and has received his Master's degree from Chicago. He has received one year's leave of absence from Howard to cover the period of his fellowship at the University of Chicago. Dr. William S. Quinland, assistant in Pathology at the Brigham Hospital, Boston, and for three years holder of a Rosenwald Fellowship in Bacteriology and Pathology at Harvard, has been appointed head of the department of Pathology at Meharry Medical College. J. A. Lane was graduated in veterinary medicine from Ohio State University in 1921. He made high grades in the State of Ohio Civil Service examinations and has been appointed Field Veterinarian for the State of Ohio. (Alpha Phi Alpha.) Professional Degrees Harvard University graduates three men in law: Charles H. Houston, Phi Beta Kappa of Amherst, who was elected in 1921 as one of the editors of the Harvard Law Review, an unprecedented honor. He belongs to the Alpha Phi Alpha; Lamar Perkins, a graduate of Lincoln and also a member of the Alpha Phi Alpha; Jesse S. Heslip, a graduate of Howard. Yale University graduates two students from the Law School: Jasper A. Atkins, graduate of Fisk and elected to the Board of the Editors of the Yale Law Journal in 1920, having maintained an average of A during his first year. He is Grand Basileus of the Omega Psi Phi. John F. Williams. Mr. Williams has also been for two years a member of the Editorial Board of the Yale Law Journal and received the Wayland debating prize in 1921. The Northwestern University School of ** CICERO C. SIMMONS A.B., Arizona LAMAR PERKINS LL.B., Harvard CORNELIUS JOHNSON S.B., Harvard FRANK E. BOWLES A.B., Illinois R. C. CRUMP LL.B., St. Paul M. E. GOODE A.M., Pennsylvania JULIA RUMFORD A.B., Hunter JOHN F. WILLIAMS LL.B., Tale HARCOURT A. TYNES A.B., City of New York KATHARINE ROBINSON A. B., Wellesley WILLA L. HARRISON B. S., Cincinnati JAMES W. PRYOR B.S., Kansas State WILLIAM POWELL B.S., Illinois JASPER ATKINS LL.B., Yale SIMONE CHAPOTEAU B.A., France ROBERT W. CHEERS S.T.B., Boston 111 **112 THE CRISIS Law graduates Carter W. Wesley with the degree of Juris Doctor. Wesley is from Fisk University and since February has been connected with the law firm of Stewart and Corbitt of Muskogee, Oklahoma. Ohio State University has the following-professional graduates: N. L. Barnett, M.D., J. H. Wilson, M.D., E. E. Simpson, LL.B., H. S. Lindsay, Pharmacy; S. M. Greene, Pharmacy. Mr. Greene was a member of the Pharmaceutical Association and the football squad (Kappa Alpha Psi). University of Pennsylvania graduates L. F. Miller, in Law. The University of Minnesota graduates P. Eugene Davenport as B.S. Boston University graduates the folowing students: Irwin Tillman Dorch, LL.B.; George Washington Gregory, LL.B.; Robert Wesley Cheers, S.T.B.; George Ar-nett Singleton, S.T.B.; Peyton Elliott Womack, S.T.B.; John Herman Bougs, M.D.; Willis Gittens Price, M.D.; A. W. Easton, LL.B. Tufts College graduates C. A. Hays, in medicine. New York University graduates Demerald Williams as LL.B., and two women, Mrs. Anna Jones Robinson and Miss Enid Thorpe as Juris Doctor. Both these women are graduates of Hunter. Howard University graduates 22 Doctors of Medicine, 27 Dentists, 19 Pharmacists, 56 Bachelors of Law, 3 Bachelors of Divinity. Meharry Medical College graduates 32 Doctors of Medicine, 43 Doctors of Dental Surgery, 42 Pharmacists and 6 trained nurses. The names of those graduating in Medicine are Garland N. Adamson, Ernest F. Alleyne, Oscar L. Barland, Theodore Blake, Wilhelmina B. Bowles, Emerson W. Brown, Perry M. Brown, Roscoe C. Bryant, Herman H. Clay James A. Crooke, Rodman F. Doyle, Alfred C. Dungee, Frederick D-Funderburg, William B. Glenn, James M. Holloway, Richard H. Jackson, James H. Lewis, Andrew J. Love, Cassell A. Mott, James M. McGriff, Jr., Lee M. Owen, Titus M. Perry, Linwood L. Rayford, James W. Ross, Braxton R. Seiden, Edward C. Smith, William M. Smith, Jackson P. Taylor, Price Terrell, Lucilius C. Youngblood, Walter A. Zuber. James H. Lewis was the ranking scholar of the class. He was educated at Wheaton Academy and Wheaton College, Illinois. He graduated from Meharry with highest honors having made for the four years the general average of 93 3/10 per cent. He enters the City Hospital No. 2 of St. Louis, Missouri, as interne. Wilberforce University graduated 5 Bachelors of Divinity as follows: Gertrude Donaway, Robert H. Gross, T. C. Hammons, Hardy Haywood, Arthur Morris. L. B. Baker was graduated from the Chicago Medical School. R. C. Crump was graduated from the St. Paul College of Law. A. E. Greene was graduated in pharmacy from the Massachusetts College of Pharmacy. He received highest honors in materia medica with distinction in chemistry and bacteriology. Temple University, Philadelphia, had the following graduates: W. M. Bishop, M.D.; R. N. Gordon, D.D.S; J. R. Hackney, D.D.S.; E. A. Bennett, Ph.G.; W. N. Bowser, Ph.G; G. L. Brown, Ph.G.; M. N. Gibbs,, Ph.G.; C. L. Holland, Ph.G.; P. L. Martin, Ph.G.; J. H. Patterson, Ph.G.; S. L. Scott, Ph.G.; W. H. Wormley, Ph.G. Gammon Seminary graduates 3 Bachelors of Divinity, James Edward Car-raway, A.B.; Timothy Bertram Echols, A.B.; Arthur Buxton Keeling, A.B. Mr. Keeling graduated with highest honors from Clark in 1920. The Virginia Theological Seminary graduates 3 Bachelors of Divinity and 7 Bachelors of Theology. Morehouse College graduated 3 Bachelors of Divinity. Virginia Union University graduates 2 Bachelors of Divinity and 8 Bachelors of Theology. Roger Williams graduates one Bachelor of Theology. Allen University graduates 2 Bachelors of Divinity. JAMES H. LEWIS ** ARTHUR B. KEELING B.D., Gammon S. M. JENKINS B.S., Paine LUCILLE B. HERRON B.A., Wisconsin ANTONIE E. GREENE Ph.B., Mass. Pharmacy MARY C. CARROLL A. B., Benedict VIVIAN E. BELL B. S., Knoxville BERNICE A. BROWN Worcester Art DON D. GOODLOE M,A., Harvard D, M. HENDRICKSON M.A., Columbia ENID T. THORPE J.D., N. Y. University ANNA J. ROBINSON J.D., N. Y. University ARTHUR P. DAVIS Hampton ALEX. J. BRICKLER M.E., Colorado L. B. BAKER M.D., Chicago Medical JOHN H. CALHOUN, JR. Hampton D. H. WILLIAMS LL.B., N. Y. University 113 **114 THE CRISIS Northern Colleges Harvard—S.B., Cornelius L. Johnson, Biology (Alpha Phi Alpha). A.M., Don D. Goodloe, Philosophy (Howard University A.B.) B.S. in Engineering, Raymond Jackson, an A.B. of Western Reserve. A. G. Smith, S.B., in Metallography. He is a graduate of Talladega and did excellent work. Columbia.—Robinson M. Haden, Master of Arts in Chemistry. He graduated as pharmacist in 1919 having received the Las-coff prize which carried with it honorary membership in the New York State Pharmaceutical Association. He received his A. B. from Columbia in 1921. (Kappa Alpha Psi.) A.M., L. P. Jackson, in history. A.M., Miss D. M. Hendrickson in economics. A.M., Miss S. Elizabeth Townsend. B.S., Florence Coffer Willis. Indiana—A.B., Robert C. Jackson, Economics. Michigan—B.A., George R. Dorsey, Educational Administration (Kappa Alpha Psi). Southern California—A.B., Ruth Prince, S. A. Beane. Colgate—A.B., H. M. Smith, completed course in three years with A average (Omega Psi Phi). Nebraska—A.B., William N. Johnson, Dorothea M. Nelson, Sirilda B. Spicer; B. F.A., Aaron Douglas. Wellesley—A.B., Katharine Robinson, Margaret Allen. Smith—A.B., Catherine V. Grigsby. Ohio State—B.A., and B.Sc, Sedonia Ro-tan; B.A., Alexander I. McCown; B.Sc, Bernice N. Copeland. Pennsylvania—A.M., Mary E. Goode. Radcliffe—A.B., Marietta 0. Bonner. Washington—B.S., Lodie M. Biggs. Colorado—M.E., Alexander Brickler. He was the star two-mile man on the University of Colorado track team and won first place in the Rocky Mountain News Marathon this year. This is the fourth year he has competed in this race, and he has won a place each time. Syracuse—B.A., Maeme Moon; B.S., Rosamond Alston. University of Cincinnati—B.S., Willa L. Harrison; A.B., Katherine Lambkins; Graduate Diploma in Education, Francis Lesley and Helen C. Walker; B.A., Lena B. Morton. College of the City of New York—B.S., Aubre DeLambert Maynard; A.B., Arthur F. Redding; A.B., Harcourt Adderly Tynes. Hunter College—A.B., Louise Mason, Julia Rumford, Lucile Spence. Pennsylvania State—B.S., Daniel B. Taylor; B.A., James A. Gardiner, who finish:.! the course in 3 1/2 years. New York University—Bachelor of Commercial Science, Lucius Smith; Master of Business Administration, Clarence B. Cur-ley, Wilmer F. Lucas; B.S., Alice I. Brown. Kansas State Agricultural—B.S., in Mechanical Engineering, James W. Pryor. Illinois—A.B., Mary Lorene Barnett, English; A.B., Vivian Elizabeth Hicks, English; B.S., William Jenifer Powell; A.B., Richard Alexander ' Harewood; A.B., Frank Edward Bowles, Economics and History; A.B., Earl Ryder, Chemistry and Bacteriology. Williams—A.B. Sterling A. Brown, who entered Williams College from Dunbar, Washington, D. C, September, 1918; won prize in Sophomore year; won prize in Latin, and Phi Beta Kappa Key in Junior year; won prize in Graves Essay Contest Senior year; won $600 Fellowship in Senior year awarded on scholarship basis. Anticipates doing graduate work in Harvard University. A.B., LeRoy Hart. Northwestern—A.B., Traqueelia Riley, Warren Williams. California — A.B., William Alexander Johnson, Ida Louise Jackson, Ellis O'Neal Knox; A.M., Vivian Costroma Osborne Marsh, Anthropology. Case School—B.S., in Chemical Engineering, R. H. Davis. Mr. Davis received his A.B. from Western Reserve in 1920. Arizona—A.B., Cicero C. Simmons. Colorado College—A.B., Theodore B. Nix, Jr. Temple—B.S. in Education, William Griffin. The University of Wisconsin graduates Miss L. B. Herron as Bachelor of Arts. The University of Kansas graduates the following Bachelors of Arts: Norval P. Barksdale, DeKoven French, Lois O .Hill, Burt A. Mayberry, Henry N. Stone and Helen V. White. Matthew E. Carroll, Jr., received the degree of Master of Arts. Western Reserve University graduates **THE CRISIS 115 Stanley E. Brown as Bachelor of Arts from Adelbert College. University of Pittsburgh graduates James S. Nicholas as Bachelor of Chemistry; James H. Bynoe, Harry Webber, William C. Ward and William H. Robinson as Bachelors of Science. French Department of Education, Paris, France, Mile. Simone Chapoteau, 1921, A.B. Colored Colleges The following graduated from the college department of Fisk University: Richard H. Harris, Hattie E. Walker, Robert G. Fletcher, Mattie H. Rowan, Mannie L. Owen, Miriam Atkins, Mary B. Jackson, William M. Jones, Charlotte L. McFall, Ulysses G. Gibson, Thomas P. Harris, Jr., Hubert E. Mitchell, Alvin K. Smith, James G. King, Alma A. Oakes, Ethel S. Robinson, Arthurene N. Scott, John D. Whitaker, Jr., Eunice G. Brickhouse, Lucile H. Caruthers, Verna M. Guinn, Motta L. Sims, Catherine J. Watkins, Blanche M. Smith, Nellie S. Baker, Samuel J. Flanagan, Charles W. Jones, Alvin H. Moss, Joseph J. Blount, Elenora Coleman, Gaston T. Cook, Charlotte P. DeBerry, Edmond W. Fortson, Anna G. Fraser, Minnie B. Gilbert, Earline L. Good, Maude E. Green, Pearl R. Hay-man, Horatio W. O'Bannon, Louise W. Rochelle, Orlando W. Stewart, Hulda B. Ware, Robert S. White, Jr. Howard University graduates 2 Masters of Arts, 42 Bachelors of Arts; 62 Bachelors of Science and 4 Bachelors of Music. The following graduated from the College Department of Wilberforce University: George J. Banks B.S., Albert L. Brown, A. B.; Theodore I. Brown, B.S.; Bernice M Cable, B.S. in Ed.; Gertrude A. Clarke, B. S;; Ernest F. Clarkson, B.S.; Anna L. Dorsey, A.B.; Grace W. Edwards, B.S.; Janie E. Everett, B.S. in Ed.; Alroma M. Ford, B.S. in Ed.; Frank L. Flake, B.S. in Ed.; Clarence W. Galloway, B.S.; Ralph Gayden, B.S.; Prather J. Hauser, A.B.; Josephine B. Hill, B.S. in Ed.; William K. Hopes, A.B.; H. Hannibal Hull, A.B.; Samuel B. Hutchinson, B.S.; Pauline K. Johna-kms, B.S.; Edna B. Johnson, B.S.; Marie J McNeal, A.B.; Alphonso A. McPheeters, B.S.; Daniel C. Morrison, B.S.; June E. Moss, A.B. in Ed.; Dorsey T. Murray, A.B.; Samuel C. Packer, B.S.; C. Milliard Perry, E.S.; Eliza A. Robinson, A.B.; Ralph H. Scull, B.S.; Alexander M. Shearin, B.S.; Ethelyne Smith, A.B. in Ed.; Wallis Towns-end, A.B.; Marcella Wallace, B.S. Lincoln University graduated 28 Bachelors of Art. Atlanta graduated 15 Bachelors of Art and 23 from the Normal Department which comprises two years of a college course. Talladega College graduated 26 Bachelors of Art. Spelman graduated one Bachelor of Art. Virginia Union graduated 8 Bachelors of Art and 4 Bachelors of Science. Virginia T. S. and College graduated 2 Bachelors of Art. Tougaloo graduated one Bachelor of Art. Knoxville had the following college graduates: Inez M. Boyd, Ralph W. Bullock, J. Herman Daves, Andrew J. Taylor, A.B.; Vivian F. Bell, Ar-vella Pickett, B.S. Southern graduated 3 Bachelors of Art. Clark University, Atlan-. ta, graduated 6 Bachelors of Art. Shaw University had the following graduates: A.B., Alma Adams, George F. Allen, Bessie Broadnax, Bertha Boaz, William R. Collins, Samuel H. Mumford, Sara Wooten. B.S.: Fleetwood Bowens, Joseph Cowan, Wiley Crump, Henry R. Furlonge, Julius High, Royal D. Keene, Clarence Sumner and Ezra Turner. Hartshorn graduated 3 Bachelors of Art and 1 Bachelor of Science. New Orleans graduated 3 Bachelors of Pedagogy. Lane College graduated A.B., Vashti Barnett, Franklin Myles Dickey, Dewey Washington Ragan, Andrew Washington Carter, Abraham H. Rice, James Adams W. Hutson, Brawlus Benj. F. White. Roger Williams graduated 6 Bachelors of Art. Edward Waters graduated one Bachelor of Art. Benedict graduated the following: A.B., Rosa L. Brown, Tressie J. Boyd, Mary C. Carroll, Robert L. Robinson, Clarence A. Rubens, Cecil B. Williams. Livingstone College graduated A.B., Lucy B. Adams, Beresford Cole, Mary Graham, Leroy Hall, Sallie V. Headen, Herman Howell, Raymond Jones, Rosalie Massey, John More-land. Wiley University's college graduating class contained 29; the ranking member was Robert Smith. Morehouse College graduated 20 Bachelors of Arts. Florida A. and M. College graduates 6 Bachelors of Science. Morris Brown University graduated 9 Bachelors of Arts, with Walter M. Clark as ranking student. Allen University graduates 3 Bachelors of Arts. **THE FRENCH COLONIAL EXPOSITION AT MARSEILLES William S. Nelson "TODAY," declared M. Sarraut, French Minister of the Colonies, upon the occasion of the inauguration of the French Colonial Exposition in Marseilles, "on the soil of France, here where are gathered all of her colonies, acknowledged children of the mother-land, amid the fascinating decorations of these palaces, of these temples, of these citadels, of these pagodas, of these mosques, of these monuments, each of which is a true and pure visage of a tradition and a race, we behold a striking résumé, the imposing recital of the success and the force of the French Colonial Empire, attesting before the universe to the vigor, the perseverance and the dignity of the national genius. Would that France would come here, would regard, would meditate!" And even before the desire of M. Sarraut found echo beyond the exposition walls France was coming, was admiring, was meditating. Proud fathers pointed out to their sons the magnificence of France's possessions; stalwart youths dreamed dreams before the invitation which read: "The development of the lands of greater France offers to the young generation occasion to seek a marvelous adventure worthy of their curiosity and of their patriotism." Old and young regarded and meditated upon the panorama of the fabulous riches, of "France's granary." And not only France but the world was regarding and meditating. Every principal European nationality could be recognized in the crowds that pressed; also America. More to be remarked were the French colonials, Senagalese, Malays of Madagascar, Annamites and Laotians of Indo-China, Moroccans, Algerians, Tunisians, all in the uniform of the French army or the brilliant costumes of their native lands, admiring and meditating with interest upon that marvelous synthesis of their own lands and life. 116 ** THE MARSEILLES EXPOSITION 117 It is the Palace of the Minister of the Colonies that serves as an introduction, a real index to the exposition. Magnificent Gobelin tapestries, precious souvenirs, paintings, trophies, designs, admirably strike the theme which the entire exposition is destined to develop. The first chord of that development is the testimony to France's colonizing genius. We read: "The colonial genius of France has founded successively two grand empires. The old régime conquered Canada, Louisiana, the Antilles, India, and established many settlements. At the end of the eighteenth century these colonies were lost. Since that time we have, in less than one hundred years, created a second empire more magnificent than the first." A long hall presents in brief outline the history of each colony. There is traced the long series of conquests and annexations that have crowded the last century. Portraits recall those military commanders or civil officials, to whose audacious leadership or colonizing ability are credited the most celebrated exploits. Photographs and paintings depict realistically life in the colonies. The murderous arms employed by the natives are displayed in a generous quantity and attract prolonged attention. A room is devoted to the Great War and the part played therein by the colonies. Above the entrance is written: "Our colonials, from the depths of the thickets, warmed the hearts of the French during peace with that flame of heroism, the rays of which during the war shone upon the world." On one side of the room, a monument to "the dead, the wounded, the mutilated, the mobilized", on the other, the painting of a cemetery where cross on cross marks the resting place of native Frenchmen, and French colonials sleeping side by side; in the room ahead, a panorama representing the Senegalese taking Douamont, the 24th of October, 1916; everywhere, paintings, photographs, standards, all paying tribute to the service rendered to France by her colonies during the war. In the corner of one room a series of panoramas, with detailed explications, set forth the great results achieved in the fight against disease in the colonies, by the introduction of modern medical methods, and a placard reminds that while developing the lands "it is necessary for us to carry to our loyal native populations the medical aid of which they have need in order to protect them against the terrible endemic diseases which decimate them". Another room is devoted to a synopsis of the products of the French colonies. Their numbers defy enumeration. We count alone 159 specimens of woods. And the following is a résumé of the extent of the French colonial empire: surface 6 1/4 million miles (19 times the surface of France); population 50 millions; commercial movements 2 billion dollars. And the Palace of the Minister of the Colonies is but an index to that which the exposition presents. Each colony or group of colonies has its palace, each of large proportions and of fine architectural beauty, each a faithful reproduction of the architecture characteristic of the colony it is designed to represent, the interior of each presenting by charts, photographs, concrete specimens the extent of the colony's natural resources and the variety of its human types. The Grand Palace of French West Africa is a monumental pile, red like the burning soil of the tropics, dominated by a colossal tower, its sober lines rising to a great height as we are told rise the Sudanese structures at Jenne and Timbuktu. Within the wall is a native village where West Africans, brought to the exposition for the purpose, fashion by native methods a variety of curious objects. The interior of the palace graphically tells the story of the illimitable resources of French West Africa, of its riches in oils, in textiles, in woods, etc. Charts show the enormous increase in the importation of oils by France and recall the nourishing of France during the war by the oils of her colonies. The important exposition of woods suggests that the future will find France depending less upon the forests of other countries than upon the rich and practically untouched forests of her colonies. The effort of France to cultivate cotton in West Africa affords an interesting study. A project, including the employment of a system of irrigation in the Niger valley based upon a study of that successfully employed in the valley of the Nile, is under serious consideration, and according to colonial authorities, if successful, should have for the colonies and for France incalculable consequences in that France would be relieved in part of the heavy duties she now pays to other coun- **118 THE CRISIS tries. Already West Africa's exports of cotton have increased since 1906 by 600%. Each of the colonies of French West Africa is provided with a booth in the palace in which are displayed attractively the products of the particular colony—the Ivory Coast with its beautiful products of ivory, Guinea, Senegal, Dahomey, Togo, Kamerun, the French Congo, each making its contribution to a rich and varied whole. North Africa. The palaces of Morocco, Algeria, and Tunis present a panorama, indeed interesting and instructive. The walls of the palace of Morocco inclose the reproduction of a quarter in a Moroccan town where the Moroccans and Arabs fashion before the eyes of the curious innumerable objects of art. In the entrance hall of this palace hangs a portrait of the Sultan, who, according to an inscription on the wall "has been permitted to retain his rights and prerogatives as sovereign and his religious prestige as chief of the Mohammedan community", and, who, but recently avowed for France on the part of Morocco, Morocco's "indefectible attachment". Near the portrait of the Sultan hangs that of Marshall Lyautey, the highest French official in Morocco, whose modest duties include "the reorganizing of the administration of the country and the methodical utilization of its riches". On every hand charts call attention to the manner in which France is utilizing the natural resources of Morocco. Exports are shown to have increased in value from 34 million dollars in 1911, the year before France assumed the protectorate, to 254 million dollars in 1921. A place of importance is given to an explicit statement of the medical aid France has carried to Morocco. The reduction of mortality is shown to have been from 30.03% per 1,000 men in 1912 to 18% in 1920; consultations have increased from 400,000 to 1,400,000 during the same period; and hospital groups have increased from 32 to more than 400 thousand. Relative to the instruction of the natives in Morocco we find that the school attendance has increased from an average of 210 in 1912 to 4,405 in 1921. The theme of the display in the palace of Algeria, as with that of all the palaces in reality, is the great potentiality in natural resources of the colony, on the one hand, and on the other, the miracle of development wrought by France since her occupation. It is a theme convincingly presented. Specimens of the fine cereals produced in Algeria, of its wines, its oils, its cork, its woods, esparto grass skins, wool, tobacco, are all artistically arranged and accompanied by explanations to guide the interested. The goal announced by those responsible for the colonizing of Algeria is "a development, by an appropriate colonization of the soil of Algeria to the same fecundity of that of the best lands in the Mediterranean basin". Behind the walls of the palace of Tunis is reproduced a native street, tramped by brilliantly uniformed Tunisian soldiers and flanked by the booths of native merchants displaying a tempting variety of handworked articles. The palace is replete with an exposition of the principal products of Tunis, its carpets, sponges, tobaccos, narghiles or Turkish pipes, its potteries and objects in copper and precious metals, its wines, dates and fish. Exportations from Tunis are shown to have increased by 400% from 1912 to 1921. A reproduction of a corner in the city of Tunis by means of a panorama, with its Arab market and numerous small merchants picturesquely sheltered, offers an interesting glance at life characteristically Tunisian. The Palace of Madagascar, of a quiet unimposing beauty, reproducing the palace of the Queen Ranavalona, the last in Madagascar, is interesting in its story of the variety of the products of that tropical island and of the life of its fifteen or more tribes. The exports of coffee have increased from 93 tons in 1904 to 1,400 tons in 1919. In 1902 Madagascar produced 12 tons of vanilla; her yearly production at present is 200 tons, the total production of vanilla in the world being 600 tons per annum. In 1910 Madagascar imported rice for her own use; during the past few years her annual exports of rice have passed 3,000 tons. The palace of the colonies possessing autonomy, including the Islands of Réunion, Martinique, Guadeloupe, the French West Indies, and the French colonies of the ocean, Saint-Peter and Miquelon and New Calce-donia, together with the Palace of Syria, presents, as can be imagined, a picture of natural resources of inestimable value and of races and tribes of infinite variety. The beautiful carpets made in Syria and the delightfully beautiful articles of silk are such as to please the connoisseur with an appreciation however nicely judicious. **THE MARSEILLES EXPOSITION 119 Monumental indeed is the Palace of IndoChina. Built largely with funds supplied by the natives (each colony having contributed to the expense of its exposition), designed to throw into relief the immense importance of this colony which Lord North-cliffe describes as "one of the most beautiful domains of the earth, the richest in Asia, the most remarkable by its striking variety of riches, the land of the young", the palace, temporary in structure though it is, of an architecture at the same time strangely complicated and beautifully harmonious, "achieves an effect without precedent in the magnificence of expositions". It is said to be "the faithful reconstitution of the temple of Angkor-Vat—the celebrated Cambodian vestiges of the Khmer art, which include the most grandiose ruins of the world". Near the palace is an Annamite and a Laotian village, which afford a glance at the life in Indo-China. The interior of the palace presents in a no less striking fashion than the palace itself the invaluable prize France has in Indo-China. Completing the exposition are numerous other palaces presenting France's industrial life, her provincial arts, her progress in automobile and aeroplane manufacture, these, with the palaces of the colonies, with the embellishments of flower gardens, groves, and fountains, present a whole characteristically harmonious and surpassingly beautiful. The means at the disposal of the exposition management consist, not only in the admirable concrete display that has been created, but comprise also a series of congresses to be held at various intervals between the inauguration of the exposition in April and its closing in November. The first congress will be held the later part of June and will treat the general subject of agriculture in the colonies; the second to be held in July will have for its subject the various agencies of development as the railroads and the navigation companies; the third, in September, will treat the question of public health and general social uplift in the colonies; and the last, in October, will be concerned with the very important subject of colonial organization, to include among others, the discussion of colonial administration and legislation and technical and professional instruction for the natives. We visited the French Colonial Exposition in search of the answer to three questions: what is the nature of the natural resources of the French colonies and to what extent are these being developed by France; what is the attitude of France toward her colonial peoples; and finally, what will be her policy in the future: to liberate in time her colonies or to control them indefinitely? We found everywhere a clear answer to the first query. Questioned on the last two points one of the officials of the exposition declared that the policy of France toward her colonies was certainly one of munificence. "Not only have we developed the lands," he declared, "but we are developing the people and giving to them a part in the government in the proportion in which they are able to exercise it." And we asked, "Ultimately, what will be the policy of France, to liberate her colonies, or to maintain her control perpetually?" "Ah!" he responded, with a forbidding gesture, "I can only say with Victor Hugo, 'L'avenir est à Dieu (the future is in the hands of God)'." M. Sarraut, Minister of the Colonies, summarizes his idea of what should be the colonizing program of France as follows: "Our immense colonial empire is an inexhaustible reservoir of material and moral resources. This our colonies proved during the war by giving for the defense of the mother country, their heroic soldiers and the products of their soil. The mother-country has contracted, as the head, toward the colonial populations, obligations, the accomplishment of which is in harmony with their interests. The future of France, in reality, depends upon the development of the production, of the moral conceptions, of the well-being in her colonies as well as the realization of progress upon her own soil. Indeed, the war has more closely contracted the Planet. It has revealed the rigorous solidarity, economic and social, which binds the continents; it has imposed upon the nations the duty to insure the intensive development of all lands in which they assume the functions of administrator. The program of the development of the colonies as it is understood by the Parliament will mark the evolution of our colonial policy in the direction of the new material and social realizations toward which aspires the world. This project is destined to impart a powerful impulse, as much for the development of the riches of the French colonial domain as for the humane task of civilization pursued by France among her subjects and the natives under her protection." **120 THE CRISIS And in the exposition grounds the news-venders cried their papers containing the discourse of President Millerand delivered in Algeria, which aided me in the search of an answer to my questions. The President declared: "The representatives of France in Algeria, of all degrees, must redouble their solicitude and their activity, to the end that they may conduct gradually, without troubling their beliefs, in rhythm with their own faculties of evolution, the populations which they administer, to a social, political and economic plane each day ameliorated, ceasing never to respond to the exigencies of their mentality and their traditions. And," he declared, "between France and Algeria the union is indissoluble." We take it that this declaration not only expresses the attitude of M. Millerand toward Algeria, but the attitude of France toward the French Colonial Empire. a native village TREASURE Georgia Douglas Johnson WHEN we count out our gold at the end of the day, And have filtered the dross that has cumbered the way; Oh! what were the hold of our treasury then Save the love we have shown to the children of men? **National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. black new york marches against lynching A TEXAS HORROR THE National Association for the Ad-vancement of Colored People as soon as it heard of the burnings and lynchings at Kirwin, Texas, sent a special representative there. He has returned with his report and these appear to be the facts: A white land-holder named King owns many farms in the vicinity. The town is in a backwoods district and everybody, black and white, with only a few exceptions, is backward and illiterate. A road runs past King's house. Next to King lives an old colored man and next to him, a white family,—the Prowls (at least that is the way we spell it—they themselves did not know how it was spelled). King, a man of 65 years had an orphan grand-daughter who was the apple of his eye. She rode to school daily past the Prowls and down the pike about a mile where there was a consolidated white brick school. Between the Prowls and the Kings there was a long standing feud beginning with an accusation by King of cattle stealing by the Prowls and culminating two years ago in a murderous attack upon one of King's sons by a Prowl who promptly disappeared from the community. Consent for Lis return had been asked by the family but King offered him "six foot of ground". The Prowls swore vengeance and women folk of the families quarreled. South of Prowls' home and skirted by the highway to the schools is a dense, impenetrable thicket. Beyond the thicket and to one side is the square of the town with two churches, stores and, further on, the railway. Still further to the south is the Negro part of the town where colored folk work on detached farms owned by King and others. Here lived Snap Curley and several other colored families. Here too was an old 121 **122 THE CRISIS shack called the Negro school but it was not in session. One day King's granddaughter failed to return from school. He telephoned anxiously and traced her as far as the thicket. He said that he had a presentiment that she had suffered harm at the hands of the Prowls. He sent his colored neighbor down to look for her and the neighbor found the horse tied by the road but no trace of the girl. The black man brought the horse back and declares that no sooner had he done this than one of the Prowl women upbraided him and asked what business he had bringing the horse up. Then the search began. They found the girl in the thicket murdered by knife wounds in the abdomen, but the physician found no evidence of rape. Immediately the neighborhood gathered. There were footsteps leading from the thicket to the Prowls' home. One of the three remaining Prowl men disappeared but another was arrested. He explained the footsteps as leading from his whiskey still. The sheriff did not search for the still. Several parties scoured the neighborhood looking for the missing Prowl and for any other suspicious characters. In the searching party was Snap Curley and other colored men. Finally they came to Negro town. By the time they got there Snap Curley had disappeared. They claimed that his wife said that he had brought home a bloody shirt. Immediately he and two other Negroes were captured. The Kings were urged to kill them immediately, but they did not believe them guilty. They were taken to the jail. That night the mob came. They beat the sheriff black and blue and secured the prisoners. They took the prisoners to the square where there was an old steel plow. One by one the Negroes were seated on the plow, wood piled about them and gasoline poured over them. They were allowed to burn a while and then pulled out by a great wet rope. At last the rope burned and the last man, hugging the red hot plow, refused to come out. The Prowl arrested was released and the whole family, without waiting to sell their property, has gone to Oklahoma. Afterward another Negro was hanged and a fifth "disappeared". No one in town believes all the Negroes guilty. Curley never confessed. He simply, under torture, named his companions. Some think one or two may have been hired to do the deed. Others think all were innocent. LINCOLN, HARDING, JAMES CROW AND TAFT "I AM calling your attention to the dedi-cation of the Lincoln Memorial here on Memorial Day. The conditions which confronted us as a race were most shameful. Platform tickets had been distributed to representative colored citizens. The platform seats which were reserved for the whites were chairs and were situated within reasonable distance of the speakers. Back of these chairs were the platform seats reserved for colored people. They were roped off from those occupied by the whites and placed nearly a block away from the memorial in the grass and weeds. They consisted of rough hewn benches without backs or supports. At the entrance to these seats marines were placed who were discourteous and even abusive. Some of our people, be it said, to their credit, as soon as they saw the situation, turned and left the dedication rather than submit to the abuses offered. Many, we are sorry to say, of our reputable colored citizens accepted without a protest the indignities heaped upon them. You would be surprised if I should mention the names of some of those among this number." THE MEMORIAL TO THE SENATE SO much space was taken u/p in last month's Crisis by the Memorial to the Senate urging prompt enactment of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, and the signatures to it, that it was impossible to include a number of letters which were printed with the memorial. These letters bring the number of governors signing up to 24. Crisis readers know, of course, though it was not so stated last month, that all of the signatures to the memorial and the following letters were obtained by the national office of the N. A. A. C. P. In a number of instances individuals have written expressing disappointment that their names were not included. In reply it can only be stated that signers were asked, not for personal reasons, but in order that the weight of **N. A. A. C. P. 123 their signatures, or of their section of the country, their religious body or fraternal or other organization might lend effectiveness to the memorial. Had the signatures of all those willing to sign been included, the document would have become utterly unwieldy by reason of its size. Those who were willing to sign the memorial, whose names did not appear, can still aid the anti-lynching cause by working unceasingly to bring about sentiment favorable to the passage of the Anti-Lynching Bill. The additional letters appended to the memorial follow: "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon our country throughout the civilized world and threatens organized government in the nation. "Legislation which will put a stop to such atrocities or decrease the number thereof is highly commendable. Mob violence has no place in the leading civilized nation of the world and I earnestly urge the passage of Federal legislation to correct this evil." (Signed) Arthur M. Hyde, Governor of Missouri. "I am in thorough sympathy with the purposes of the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill, and I hope it will become a law." (Signed) Samuel R. McKelvie, Governor of Nebraska. "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon our country throughout the civilized world and threatens organized government in the nation. ''In only a few instances has prosecution of the lynchers been even attempted. I believe that national action is required to cope with this evil. The Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill was adopted in the House on January 26, and the undersigned earnestly urges the prompt enactment of this measure." (Signed) R. A. Nestos, Governor of North Dakota. ''The lynching of human beings is the most barbarous and villainous practice that a supposedly civilized nation will permit. The only remedy, it appears to me, is to have the federal government institute proper legislation to meet it. Disrespect for law is the most dangerous element which could come into our thought, and there is a grow- ing tendency which must be stifled. Lynching shows an absolute disregard for the process of law. In places where most of the lynchings take place, even the officers who are sworn to uphold the law are afraid to move in these cases of ruthless murder. "I most certainly and emphatically desire the passage of proper federal laws to hold these crimes to the minimum." (Signed) D. M. Davis, Governor of Idaho. "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon our country. The House of Representatives has passed the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill invoking the power of the federal government to end the infamy of American mob murder and I earnestly urge its prompt enactment by the Senate of the United States." (Signed) Wade H. Ellis, Washington, D. C. Former Assistant to the United States Attorney-General. "I have not seen the Dyer Bill and am, therefore, unprepared to commit myself regarding it. It may or may not propose a proper remedy for a serious abuse. I do believe, however, that it is the duty of the Federal Government to lend its aid in stamping out lynching which constitutes, perhaps, as serious a violation of the principles of this government as may be found anywhere within the country." (Signed) Emmet D. Boyle, Governor of Nevada. "I am in favor of the enactment of national legislation which will tend to prevent the practice of lynching and to assure to persons within the jurisdiction of every state equal protection of the laws." (Signed) Emery J. San Souci, Governor of Rhode Island. "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon our country throughout the civilized world and threatens organized government in the nation. I favor such legislation as will end this mob violence." (Signed) Wm. D. Stephens, Governor of California. **124 THE CRISIS "It has come to my attention that a Memorial is being circulated to be presented to the United States Senate to urge the enactment of legislation which would make lynching a crime against the United States. I am heartily in favor of such legislation." (Signed) Joseph H. Gainer, Mayor, Providence, R. I. "Mob law and mob action constitute anarchy in its worst form, being open, flagrant and violent disrespect of and contempt for law and order and the constituted authorities. "The communities or states which permit repeated examples of mob rule, thereby demonstrate their inability to maintain law and order within their limits, or to protect their inhabitants in the enjoyment of the human rights guaranteed in the Federal Constitution. "Therefore, it is the duty of the United States Government, under the obligation laid upon it by Amendments V and VI of the Constitution, to interfere to protect the Constitutional rights of its citizens, and to provide redress for the relatives, families or dependents of the victims of mob action against the local, so-called governments which fail or refuse to furnish their citizens adequate protection." (Signed) Wm. Hale Thompson, Mayor of Chicago. "It appearing that the States cannot all be depended on to enact legislation against mob murder, I believe that Congress should invoke the power of the Federal Government to end that infamy." (Signed) Charles W. Eliot, President Emeritus, Harvard University. "The killing and burning alive of human beings by mobs in the United States is a reproach upon a government established on the basis of security to life and property, and upon a people claiming the most advanced state in civil government. ''The figures of 3,443 known mob murders since 1889 should arouse the Congress of the United States to provide immediate and effective measures to stamp out this heathenish practice, which if permitted to one will extend to all classes. "It is to be hoped that the Senate will give immediate and hearty support to the Dyer Anti-Lynching Bill passed by the House on the 26th of January, 1922, and to such procedure I heartily subscribe." (Signed) S. F. Snively, Mayor, Duluth, Minnesota. "I am in favor of this or any law that will eliminate lynching or mob violence." (Signed) Jas. J. Thomas, Mayor, Columbus, Ohio. LA VIE C'EST LA VIE Jessie Fauset ON summer afternoons I sit Quiescent by you in the park, And idly watch the sunbeams gild And tint the ash-trees' bark. Or else I watch the squirrels frisk And chaffer in the grassy lane; And all the while I mark your voice Breaking with love and pain. I know a woman who would give Her chance of heaven to take my place; To see the love-light in your eyes, The love-glow on your face! And there's a man whose lightest word Can set my chilly blood afire; Fulfilment of his least behest Defines my life's desire. But he will none of me. Nor I Of you. Nor you of her. 'Tis said The world is full of jests like these— I wish that I were dead. The Horizon Compiled By Madeline G. ALLISON MARY MORRIS BURNETT TALBERT EIGHTH SPINGARN MEDALIST • The Spingarn gold medal, valued at $100, is offered annually by J. E. Spingarn through the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People "for the highest or noblest achievement by an American Negro during the preceding year." The award for the year 1921 goes to Mrs. Mary B. Talbert of Buffalo, N. Y. "in consideration of her services in organizing the women of the country so that the debt was paid off the home of Frederick Douglass, the home restored and made a shrine in memory of the great Douglass; also because of the fact that she represented the colored women of America at the International Council of Women held in Norway. "The award was made specifically for the above reasons. However, the Committee could not fail to take into consideration also the fact that Mrs. Talbert was twice President of the National Association of Colored Women and that all her life she has been identified with uplift work, religious and civic, and has beon a leader of the women of her race." The seven other holders of the medal are: Ernest E. Just, the late Charles Young, Harry T. Burleigh, William S. Braithwaite, Archibald H. Grimke, W. E. B. DuBois and Charles S. Gilpin. • Colored citizens of Greenville, South Carolina, have purchased a Community Center and are employing a full time community service worker. They raised $1500 in a recent drive and have just had a mass meeting of over 3000 persons in Textile Hall. • The First Standard Bank, Louisville, Ky., reports its condition of March 15, 1922. It has capital stock paid in and surplus of $110,000, total deposits of $109,676. Joseph R. Ray is cashier. • The Colored Savings Bank of Danville, Va., has a capital and surplus of $30,000 and deposits of $112,000. Watkin Thompson is the president. • The Keystone Cooperative Banking Association, formed by colored people, have opened offices at 1405 South Street, Philadelphia. John T. Asbury is president and F. D. Tucker, secretary. 125 **126 THE CRISIS BISHOP HAMLETT SECRETARY PORTER BISHOP MARTIN BISHOP McKINNEY • Robin City, a colored man of Miami, Fla., rescued a white woman, Mrs. L. D. Johnson, from burning. He was given a prize by the local Red Cross. • An association of the former internes of Freedman's Hospital, consisting of over 150 doctors, has been formed and has met in Washington. • The General Conference of the Colored Methodist Episcopal Church has met in St. Louis. Legislation was passed concentrating educational work and assisting the POLICY DEPARTMENT, LIBERTY LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY. CHICAGO **THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 127 DU BOIS STUDY CLUB, COLORADO SPRINGS, COLO. building of a theological seminary. The law which automatically retires bishops at 70 years of age was repealed. Four new bishops were elected. Dr. R. T. Brown, president of the Miles Memorial College, Birmingham; Dr. J. C. Martin, for the past ten years book agent of the church and reputed to be a man of considerable wealth; Rev. J. A. Hamlett, editor of the Christian Index and a Master of Arts from Northwestern, and Dr. J. W. McKinney, a presiding elder and formerly a lawyer. Among the General Officers elected were Rev. H. B. Porter, Publishing Agent; Mr. G. F. Porter, Financial Secretary; Rev. G. C. Parker, Editor of the Christian Index; Rev. J. H. Moore, Secretary of Missions. • The Great Southern Fire Insurance Company of Atlanta, Ga., a colored company, has $100,000 capital paid in besides over $40,000 in cash. During the last 6 months of 1921 they wrote $1,715,430 worth of fire insurance and paid $5,643 in losses. W. C. Thomas is president and J. S. Allen secretary-treasurer. • Miss Dorothy C. Boulding, a sophomore at Tufts College Medical School has been elected to the Zeta Phi fraternity. This is an honor sorority of medical women. Miss Boulding is from Norfolk, Virginia, and a Bachelor of Science of Simmons College. (I Bernard Lewis graduated from high school in Chicago on Thursday and on the following Monday was appointed teacher of (printing and manual training in the public schools of the city. • Mrs. Mary Hawkins Locke, widow of the late Pliny Ishmael Locke, died at the home of her son, Professor Alain Leroy Locke, Sunday, April 23, in her 70th year. The deceased was a member of an old Philadelphia family, educated at the Institute for Colored Youth, and was for a period of thirty-six years a school teacher in Camden and Camden County. Since 1916 she had MRS. LOCKE **128 THE CRISIS the lincoln memorial been retired and was living with her son in Washington. • In Colorado, Mitchell County, Texas, three colored men own nearly 9,000 acres of land. D. W. Wallace has 4,800 acres with 500 head of cattle, 50 horses and mules and 6 Mexican tenant families. Dave Robertson has 2,240 acres and 200 head of cattle. C. C. Gilroy has 1,200 acres of land and 100 head of cattle with 2 Mexican tenant families. • Kojo Tokalou Houenou, a nephew of the former king of Dahomey has written a book on the theory of the formation of languages followed by a series of moral reflections which has been published in Paris. He says of his native land: "Africa has not yet contributed her share to the life of cities and to civilization. Her turn will come. Beware of those men of bronze; their strength and radiancy will astound your land of mist; theirs is the country of the sun." • Alpheus Cary, 7th grade pupil in the colored schools of Richmond gained first prize for a poster entitled "Milk, the Foundation of the World". • Among 500 railway postal clerks P. P. Flowers, a colored man of St. Louis, Mo., made a score of 113 out of a possible 120 in revolver practice. The highest score was 114. Eighty per cent of the clerks were white. • The 75th annual report of the Colored Orphan Asylum, New York, shows a total attendance October 31, 1921, of 272 orphans. The expense of operating the institution for the last year was $116,950. The land and buildings are estimated to be worth over $500,000. • The number of colored students at the College of the City of New York has been increasing recently. They have formed the Douglass Society, with H. A. Tynes as president, and have brought a number of colored speakers. They closed the season with a concert of Negro music. • Marion Cumbo, the young New York 'cellist, assisted with great success in Philadelphia at the Pupils' Concert of Edwin F. Hill, the violinist. • The Coleridge-Taylor Choral Society presented the ''Atonement" in Washington, D. C, with Melville Charlton at the organ, Mary L. Europe at the first piano, and Mesdames Tibbs, Quivers and Burrell and Messrs. Brooks and Wesley as soloists. Professor Roy Tibbs conducted the concert. • The Morgan College Dramatic Club presented Shakespeare's "Mid-Summer Night's **THE HORIZON 129 MR. ganaway and his prize photograph—"transportation" Dream" at the Douglass Theatre, Baltimore, under the direction of Mrs. V. N. Jones. • At the commencement of Howard University, E. E. Slosson delivered the commencement address and the Howard players gave the pantomime "Danse Calinda" by Ridgley Torrence. The new $200,000 dining room was opened to visitors. The Howard players have also presented two original plays, "Genifrede" and "The Yellow Tree." • King B. Ganaway has been for 17 years butler on Lake Shore Drive in Chicago. At the same time he has been an amateur photographer and recently in a competition with 900 photographers, many of them professionals he won the first prize for the photograph "The Spirit of Transportation" which we reproduce. The jury says of the work: "The Jury of Selection and Award in this year's Wanamaker Photographic Competition was composed of decidedly varying elements. There was M. Paul Philippe Cret, the celebrated French architect; Mr. Leon Holtsizer of the Public Ledger, of Philadelphia; Mr. Arthur B. Carles, Professor lof Painting at (the Pennsylvania Academy of The Fine Arts; Mr. Clarence H. White, Director of the White School of Photography and President of the Society of American Pictorial Photographers; and Mr. Alfred Stieglitz. Mr. Joseph Pennell, the celebrated etcher and art critic intended to be present but was unable to arrive in time." • In the registration for voters in Atlanta, Ga., 7,341 Negroes and 39,747 whites were registered. • The Russell colored school of Lexington, Ky., was awarded first prize in the educational thrift, service with a percentage of 94 per cent. • Baltimore has just made an appropriation of a thousand dollars for a colored municipal band of 35 musicians. They will give a series of six concerts during the summer. A. J. Thomas, who led the band of the 368th Regiment during the world war, is the leader. • The Lincoln School players, led by J. L. Myers, gave a musical play at Gallipolis, Ohio. • Highland Beach, a summer colony on Chesapeake Bay, founded by the late Major C. R. Douglass, has been chartered as an incorporated town with a commission form of government by the state of Maryland. • The fourth annual convention of the National Association of Negro Musicians meets in Columbus, Ohio, this month. **The Looking Glass LITERATURE RALPH CHAPLIN, in The World To-morrow: Mourn not the dead that in the cool earth lie— Dust unto dust— The calm, sweet earth that mothers all who die As all men must; Mourn not your captive comrades who must dwell— Too strong to strive— Within each steel-bound Coffin of a cell, Buried alive; But rather mourn the apathetic throng— The cowed and the meek— Who see the world's great anguish and its wrong And dare not speak! * * * D. D. T. Jabavu writes in the International Review of Missions on native unrest in South Africa. Among other causes he cites the land question and the low salary schedule: The so-called native reserves are becoming over-populated, and more land is required from somewhere. The story is the same for the Transvaal, the Transkeian territories and Eastern Cape Colony. Basuto-land, for instance, has less than 10,000 square miles of habitable land for her already crowded 420,000 agrarian people who double their number every twenty-five years. Municipalities in many towns deny security of tenure to natives who supply their town labor, reserve the right and frequently threaten to move their native inhabitants from their dwellings and sites at any time and to anywhere, and then blame these people for not beautifying their homes. How the latter can be expected to rise in the scale of civilization under such conditions it is difficult to conceive. Another important cause of unrest comes from the shockingly low salaries paid by Government to native teachers. The enormity of neglect in this particular can hardly be exaggerated, for the tremendous power for good this class of native is to the state in inculcating ideas of loyalty and admiration for British justice in the hearts of the young is well known. The native teachers have not been agitators for political privileges, but today even they, after enduring miserable salaries long before the Great War, salaries which never enabled them to lead decent lives, salaries which today are worth about half the pre-war scale, after seeing the salaries of Europeans, Indians, and colored teachers advanced by substantial margins, have had the chagrin of being treated as the Cinderella of the family. ILLUSIONS DISPELLED THERE is a popular belief to the effect that Negro mortality is on the increase. On the contrary the Statistical Bulletin of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. shows a noticeable decline: A remarkable decline in the mortality of of Negroes has taken place in the last decade. This is clearly indicated by the experience of the Metropolitan Life Insurance Company, which has in excess of 1,600,000 premium-paying colored policy-holders in its Industrial Department. These policy-holders are located in virtually every state of the Union. In 1911, the mortality of colored policy-holders was 17.5 per 1,000. In 1921, the provisional death rate of these insured Negroes had declined to 13.2 iper 1,000, which represents a drop of 25 per cent, in this period. There would have been 7,000 more deaths of policy-holders than actually occurred in 1921, if the 1911 death rate had prevailed in that year. This marked decline, on analysis, can be traced to improvements in the death rates from tuberculosis, pneumonia, heart disease, Bright's disease, malaria, typhoid fever, and pellagra. It is difficult to say just what forces have operated to bring about these changes. There are, obviously, a great many factors at work which are operating favorably on the life and health of our Negro population. The last decade has seen a very encouraging development of health activities in the South and Southwest. At the same time, the economic status of Negroes has risen, both during the war period and thereafter. The improvement in the mortality of Negroes is not localized. So far as the experience of the Metropolitan indicates, it represents a very broad movement affecting virtually all areas. Scarcely a state with a significant Negro population but shows a decided decline in the death rate. That Negro labor is inferior to white labor is another bogey which recent investigations have dispelled. The Chicago News says: "We wouldn't continue to employ Negro women if their production was not satisfactory." This is the tenor of the remarks made by employers of Negro women to 130 **THE LOOKING GLASS 131 agents of the women's bureau of the United States Department of Labor, who set out to discover the conditions under which Negro women were working in industry. Four-fifths of, the employers of Negro women whose establishments were investigated by the womens' bureau, expressed this idea and said that Negro women in industry had no faults which were not common to and shared by all other labor. About 90 per cent, of the employers interviewed said they expected to continue to employ Negro women and many of them stated that there was no difference in the quantity and quality of the product of their Negro and white women employes and that the Negro women caused no greater loss of material in the processes of production. Of sixty-three managers who reported on the subject of punctuality, fifty-four found no difference in the punctuality of the two groups. The majority of the managers considered that labor turnover was about equal for the two races. What complaints were made about Negro women as industrial workers can be accounted for, the women's bureau thinks, by the lack of industrial experience and routine working habits among these women. FRANCE IN AFRICA PRESIDENT MILLERAND of France is making a tour through northern Africa. The Boston Transcript discusses the reasons for his trip: Primarily, the object of M. Millerand's voyage through Algeria, Tunis and Morocco is to express the formal thanks of the Third Republic to the citizens of Algeria, Tunis and Morocco—both black and white—for their services in repelling the German invaders from France. Few would deny the value of these services; from a Frenchman's point of view, indeed, their value is not to be measured. A natural tendency, however, exists to overlook the sacrifices made in the common cause by France's North African dominions, and the President's visit will constitute a concrete token of the republic's gratitude. To convey that gratitude is M. Millerand's chief mission. Nevertheless there are other reasons whj France's Chief Executive should be making a tour of that large portion of North Africa over which the Tri-color waves. The French colonies in North Africa have not escaped the effects of the restlessness which at present runs through the Moslem world. Alarming reports also have reached Paris that Bolshevist propagandists in North Africa are capitalizing the disaffection of the Moslems to stir up anti-French sentiment. Conditions in Spanish Morocco are another disturbing factor, and although the trouble so far appears to be confined to the Spanish zone, there is always the possibility that it will spread beyond the limits of the Spanish sphere of influence, and cause a sympathetic uprising among a people akin in race and religion to those who are now causing so much concern to General Berenguer ami his army. Hence the tour of President Millerand may be expected to exert a steadying and quieting influence where such influence is peculiarly needed. His tour will have other effects also. It will turn the limelight at home upon the work already achieved by French administrators, notably General Lyautey's in North Africa, and in a measure also it will draw the attention of the public in other lands. French colonization of North Africa began in 1830, and since that time the progress, though slow, has nevertheless been sure. OUR ARTISTS HELEN HAGAN was on the program of the fourth annual concert which the Burleigh Club gave recently in New Bedford, Conn. The Morning Mercury writes: Miss Hagan has filled forty concert engagements in the last ten weeks. Notice of her New York appearances were very favorable. She is a young woman of great charm, with a lovely speaking voice The Schumann "Etudes Symphoniques" were a complete and serious technical offering. The public could take Miss Hagan or leave her—her program admitted of no coquetry. The pianist revealed a grasp of the composition in hand, the desirable amount of shading; a feeling of rhythm and phrasing, a refined and somewhat poetic tone with a breadth that went beyond mere sentimentality; but there was no sense of latent power for climax. There seemed a lack of real physical strength for a brilliant recapitulation. This was observed strongly in the Schumann number. The Chopin was interestingly done, with some lovely passages in the Scherzo. Miss Hagan has a bent toward pearls and turquoise rather than diamonds and opals. An anticipated and much enjoyed group was the transcriptions of Negro melodies by Coleridge-Taylor, very sympathetically played. The Lizst Rhapsody lacked strength, yet had a clear and racial exposition. For encore, Miss Hagan gave the "Liebestraum" in poetic and lovely vein. An encore for the Coleridge Taylor group was the memorable exponent of Miss Hagan's art at its finest. She gave the Gluck-Saint-Saens "Caprice" on an Alsatian air in a ravishingly. perfect style. Eighteenth century music appeared to be her specialty. Every grace, every pretty turn, every winning form of the period she seemed to have made absolutely her own. Some passages had the piquant quality of a finely balanced string quartette at music of the day when style was à la mode. * * * Albert Smith, who is now studying art in Paris, writes us The Salon National of Paris has accepted **132 THE CRISIS and hung for its current exhibition three of my etchings. They are "Plantation Melodies" (once published by the Crisis); "Ambition", depicting a figure with hands outstretched toward the ideal, while clinging to his garments in the shadow are the idlers in life; and finally a Nature Study. * * * The Philadelphia Ledger comments on the work of Marian Anderson, the young contralto: Miss Anderson, who is but twenty years old, is a pupil of Giuseppe Boghetti. Her program contained nothing weak nor unworthy, and she brought to it a serious and conscientious disposition as well as a voice of exceptional resonance and richness in its lower register. Italian songs were first sung—Secchi's "Lungi dai caro bene" among them; and Chaminade's "Summer" in the middle of the program had to be given again; but the best results were achieved in the Negro "spirituals", and the best of these was ''Deep River". Here the quality of the voice told to the fullest advantage. What the youthful artist most needs is to develop enlivening passion, and an emotional accent of warmth and color in her remarkable voice. The technical particulars of intonation, enunciation, sustained legato, voice-placement and breath control are admirable, and the audience appreciated to the full the rare promise of this worthy representative of musical Philadelphia. William L. King excellently accompanied. NEW ASPECTS OF THE LABOR MOVEMENT THE Methodist Federation for Social Service publishes some new developments in the Labor Movement. During the recent migration, many southern Negroes were used as strike-breakers. The Bulletin issued on "Negro Migration 1916-1917" (U. S. Dept. of Labor), tells us: It may be that employers use Negroes against labor unions or against securing the eight-hour day. One employment agent of a great industrial plant pointed out that one of the great values of Negro migration lies in the fact that it gives him a chance to mix up his labor forces and to establish a balance of power, as the Negro is mure individualistic, does not like to group, and does not follow a leader as readily as some foreigners do. The attitude of one superintendent who believed in ''welfare work" but was unalterably opposed to unionism, may be indicative of a generally favorable disposition of some groups of Northern employers toward the migrants. They may see in these colored workers the effective means of staving off or preventing the movement toward organization and the attainment of the eight-hour day, which is now spreading among the foreign workers. The employment manager of a Pittsburgh plant which had a big strike pointed out that one of the chief advantages of the Negro migration lay in the fact that it gives him a chance to "mix up" his labor force and so secure a "balance of power." Consciously or otherwise the Labor Movement is breaking down race prejudice in the South: In the coal fields around Birmingham, the United Mine Workers have organized the black and white miners without discrimination. This is true of the United Mine Workers throughout the country. In many of the local unions, the Negro workers predominate and many of them occupy offices. In ore local in West Virginia, composed of about 70 white men and 10 Negroes, the president is a Negro. In the offices of the United Mine Workers in Birmingham, the Negro organizers sit at desks in the same room with the white men and on terms of apparent equality. They are paid the same salaries. At the miners' meetings, no discrimination is made. Negro delegates sit in both the Central Labor Union at Birmingham and at the State Federation of Labor. Repeated attempts have been made by the newspapers and employers to drive a wedge between the black and white workers in the miners' organization, but without success. The secretary of the Georgia State Federation of Labor stated last year, that a few months previous there had been a strike in the oil refinery at Brunswick, Ga., in which all the employes, 1,500 men, had gone out spontaneously without previous organization. They formed a union of their own. Eight hundred of the men were white and seven hundred black. After a few weeks the company called some of the white leaders into conference and offered them their terms, if the white men would come tack. They promised to employ only white men thereafter. The leaders declined to make an agreement, saying that they had no power to act and referred the proposal to a mass meeting of the union. Although the white men were in a clear majority, the meeting voted unanimously that all should go back or all stay out. This incident was told by the secretary of the State Federation of labor as just one of a number of striking examples of the growing rank and file solidarity of the black and white workers, despite attempts to raise the race issue. THE MELTING POT HERE is a list of the elements which go to make up "Americanism." We read in Unity: ** THE LOOKING GLASS 133 A teacher in a well-known private school in New York City has given us some facts of amazing interest as regards the question of the soundness and vitality of our faith in Democracy. This teacher has in her school a class of pupils who have been segregated from the rest of the school because of their exceptional mental ability, as tested by the familiar Binet methods. These children have "intelligence quotient" records of between 140 to 171. This means that, at ten years of life-age, they average from fourteen to seventeen years of mental-age. These pupils as listed include: (1) "a liberal cultured Jew, home of modest comfort"; (2) "a boy of Negro descent, a sociological not ethnological Negro, since he is lighter than his teacher"; (3) "boy of lower East Side, orthodox Jew, father a brilliant rising young physician"; (4) "boy, son of rich uptown doctor, Gentile"; (5) ''child of East Side tenements, born in Austria, parents speak no English, child's clothing ragged, face often dirty, father beginning to push up to success, orthodox Jew"; (6) "daughter of very orthodox Episcopalian, Y. M. C. A. leader, limited means"; (7) "son of very wealthy manufacturer, liberal Jews, cultured people"; (8) "son of Roumanian peasants, ignorant but very intelligent, thrifty and successful, renegade Jews"; (9) "fairly dark Negro, grandparent Oberlin students"; (1,0) "idolized baby in Jewish home of great wealth"; (11) "son of radical thinker of moderate means, Jewish"; (12) "son of Russian Jewish socialists, very poor indeed, quite the 'Red' type, disgruntled with everything, parents have both worked through poverty, dirt, and disorder to get Ph.D.'s at Columbia"; (13) "son of a radical poet, a fair-degree of wealth"; (14) "daughter of poor but successful doctor of lower East Side"; (15) "son of rich manufacturer, Jewish"; (16) "son of progressive public school principal, liberal Jews"; (17) "daughter of a merchant of moderate means, Jewish." We count this a remarkable record! Here in this segregated group of exceptional children are rich and poor, Gentile and Jew, black and white, orthodox and liberal, American, Austrian, Roumanian and Rvs-sjan. Surely this is a vindication of democracy. We wonder also if it does not have direct bearing on the proposal now being agitated in Washington for the restriction cr stoppage altogether of immigration. READ AND RUN In The U. S. Senate PAT HARRISON (Democrat), Mississippi (really Byron Patton Harrison)—developing into the demagogue type. A young man who, as a colleague for John Sharp Williams, forms an odd contrast to the erudite senior Senator. Lately the scold for the Democratic side, who takes every opportunity to ridicule and belittle Republican moves. Logic weak. Typical campaign orator who could sway the multitudes. Lawyer. Educated at Louisiana and Mississippi State Universities. In four successive Congresses; to Senate 1919. Less than 41. The youngest Democratic Senator. James Thomas Heflin (Democrat), Alabama—Ditto, with less common sense. New member. Talks a great deal. Says little. Educated at Southern University and the A. and M. College, both Alabama. Profession: "Lawyer and public servant." Gave up practice of law on entering Congress to devote time to study of public questions, domestic and international. Was one of the most ardent opponents of woman suffrage. In Congress more than sixteen years; in Senate since November, 1920. Fifty-three.—The Woman Citizen. * ** Brave Americans CHARLES ATKINS, Negro, 15 years old, was seized by a mob of 20,000 people, and then he was tied to a log which was placed over a slow fire. He was told that unless he admitted an attack upon a white woman he would be burned to death. The boy resisted the fire for 15 minutes and then, as the flesh was roasted and the shin and thigh bone broke through the blisters, he "confessed." Having "confessed," the log to which the body was attached was raised by chains to a pine tree and a huge fire was built at the base of the tree. Before the body was burned completely 200 shots were fired into it. Any innocent boy of 15, white, black, red or yellow, with his feet roasted would admit any crime, if he believed "confession" would end his torment. Poor Atkins is another victim of the vile Georgia crackers, the most despicable race of people upon God's earth. —Boston Telegram. GRADUATES FLORIDA A. and M. **134 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "Tuskegee stands for Order, System, Cleanliness, Industry, Courtesy and Usefulness. There are no sink-holes around the place, no 'back-yards'. Everything is beautiful, wholesome and sanitary. All trades are represented. The day is crammed so full of work from sunrise to sunset that there is no time for complaining, misery or fault-finding—three things that are usually born of idleness." Elbert Hubbard, in "A Little Journey to Tuskegee." The TUSKEGEE NORMAL and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Founded by DR. BOOKER T. WASHINGTON Offers Splendid Opportunities to Negro Youth to Secure an Excellent Normal School Course and a Course in Mechanical Industries, Women's Industries or Agriculture THE MECHANICAL INDUSTRIAL DEPARTMENT FOR BOYS is composed of forty trades, including Auto-Mechanics, Applied Electricity, Photography, Printing, Machine-Shop Practice and Tailoring. The plant consists of five large buildings equipped with modern tools and machinery. The latest methods of instruction are employed and practical work is an important part of each course. THE WOMEN'S INDUSTRIES consist of such courses as Domestic Science and Domestic Art. This Department offers splendid training for young women desiring to be Domestic Science and Art Teachers as well as those who are planning to enter commercial fields in other industries offered. THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT, covering 2,000 acres of land, offers a splendid four-year course in Secondary Agriculture and a four-year course in advanced Agriculture; training young men to be Farm Demonstrators, Teachers of Agriculture and Scientific Farmers. GRADUATE AND SPECIAL COURSES are offered in Mechanical Industries and Agriculture. Smith-Hughes Vocational Courses, Nurse Training, Business Courses and Teacher-Training Courses are offered to Advanced Students. Location unsurpassed for healthfulness. Write for catalog of information. ROBERT R. MOTON, Principal, TUSKEGEE INSTITUTE, ALABAMA. Mention The Crisis **THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 135 VIRGINIA UNION UNIVERSITY Richmond Virginia is offering young men an excellent opportunity to secure a liberal education. We are offering work in the High School Department College of Liberal Arts Pre-Medical Scientific Department Pedagogical Department Theological Department, and in the Department of Public Health Nursing Strong faculty—healthy and attractive surroundings. Reasonable rates. WILBERFORCE UNIVERSITY WILBERFORCE, OHIO THREE MILES FROM XENIA Beautiful Situation, Healthful Location, Best Moral and Spiritual Environment, Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Institution offers full courses in the following departments: College, Theological, Normal, Academic, Commercial, Nurse Training and Industrial. Military training a feature under Regular Army officer. Junior and Senior divisions of R. O. T. C. Good Water, Steam Heat, Electric Lights, Splendid Dormitories, Seasonable Expenses. Fall term begins September 19, 1922. For catalogs and other information address Registrar or C. C. Jenkins, Secretary. J. A. GREGG, President of the University 1882 LANE COLLEGE 1922 Jackson, Tennessee A growing College with a splendid history and a bright future. It offers modern courses in Collegiate, Theological, Musical, College Preparatory, Teachers Training, Home Economics, Agricultural and Pre-Medical subjects. Several vocational courses are also taught. Proper standards of conduct as well as scholarship are maintained. Registrations of students are now being made for the next session. Well equipped laboratories, dormitories with modern conveniences and facilities under positive Christian influences are supported. For further information address J. F. LAKE, President, Jackson, Tennessee. HAMPTON INSTITUTE AGRICULTURAL SCHOOL HAMPTON, VIRGINIA Opportunity Knocks at the Door of the Man Who Knows and Can Do If you wish to prepare yourself to fill a responsible position of wide usefulness as a County or farm-demonstration agent Teacher of vocational agriculture Rural-school principal Hampton Now Offers in Agriculture A COLLEGE COURSE Leading to the Degree of B.S. in Agricultural Education With Work in Well-Equipped Classrooms, Shops, and Laboratories; With Summer Field Practice; With Ail-Round Training Under High-Grade Instructors. James E. Gregg, Principal Warren K. Blodgett, Director St. Philip's Normal and Industrial School San Antonio, Texas. (FOR GIRLS) Normal, Academic, Junior and Music Courses, Teachers' Training, Domestic Sciences and Arts, Dressmaking, Ladies' Tailoring, Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookeeping and Spanish. Boarding facilities. Ideal location. Faculty from leading Universities. Write for Bulletin. Artemisia Bowden, Principal TALLADEGA THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY TALLADEGA, ALABAMA Frederick A. Sumner, President Is training men for the Gospel Ministry at home and abroad. Students are also being trained for work in the fields of SOCIAL SERVICE RELIGIOUS EDUCATION THE Y. M. C. A., AND THE Y. W. 0. A. The Seminary has an enviable record of it years of service. For full information address JAMES P. O'BRIEN, Dean 399 W. BATTLE ST., TALLADEGA, ala. **136 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Morgan College and Branches John O, Spencer, Ph.D., President Lee M. McCoy, Litt. D., Dean. Morgan College, Baltimore, Md. Locution:—In great coJleKe town between North and South. Policy: —do-educational. Courses:—Four years, appropriate decrees. Preparation for professional study. Advance.1 education. Graduates certified for elementary and high school teaching. (College extension credit courses in city. Faculty:—College ami university trained men ami women. Site-.—Eighty-five acres of most beautiful scenery, stream, hill and forest. Athletic fields; fraternltj house. Terms: —Very reasonable. Information: —Address the Registrar, Morgan College, Italtimore, Mil. SUMMER SCHOOL JUNE 26TH TO AUGUST 4TH Morgan Academy, Balti i ore, Md. Location:—In the suburbs of Baltimore on a beautiful campus: Healthful surroundings. Dormitories:—Kuuipped and supervised. Can care for 100 boarders and 100 day studenîs. Athletics and physical education. Courses:—Preparatory, music. Terms: —Very moderate. Principal:—-lohn \V. Haywood, S. T. 1). Princess Anne Academy, Princess Anne, Md. Eastern Branch of the University of Maryland Location: —Somerset County, famous Eastern Shore of Maryland: Courses:—Preparatory, normal, agricultural, industrial, domestic, music. Terms:—Free tuition; other expens.s moderate. Principal: —Thomas II. Kiali, Peil. I). Information: —Address the Principal. ALL SCHOOLS OPEN SEPTEMBER 25th. 1922 Dormitories Open Sent. 23rd. 1922 PAINE COLLEGE augusta" Georgia offers Courses in HIGH SCHOOL NORMAL (college grade) HOME ECONOMICS (college grade) PRE-MEDICAL COLLEGE (A.B., B.S., B.S. in Edu-THEOLOGY (B.Th.) cation) For further information address RAY S. TOMLIN, Acting President PAINE COLLEGE AUGUSTA, GA. THE ANCRUM SCHOOL OF MUSIC Offers Courses in Piano, Pipe Organ, Violin, Voice, Theory, Solfeggio, Harmony, Composition, etc. New England Conservatory method. Excellent faculty. Fine dormitory rooms. Registration begins first Monday in September. Director: MRS. ESTELLE ANCRUM FORSTER, Graduate N.E.C., 1919-20 Send for year book. Address: 74 West Rutland Square, Boston, Mass. Capitalize Your Summer Months at the Nation's Capital Jennifer Business College Special Summer Courses Now Forming ENROLL TODAY W. E. JENNIFER, President Southern Aid Bldg., 7th and Tea Sts., N. W., Washington, D. C. the district of columbia college of osteopathy INCORPORATED 1826 9th St., N.W., Washington, D. C. A professional school devoted to the training of worthy colored men and women to become proficient Osteopathic Physicians. A thorough course of study leading to the degree of DOCTOR OF OSTEOPATHY. T. THEO. PARKER, D.O., Oph.D., President. Hartshorn Memorial College RICHMOND, VA. A separate school for the higher education of young women. College Department greatly improved-Academic course of 16 high school units. Normal course of two years. Three grammar grades. Music course. Expenses very low. Send for catalog. george w. RIGLER, PRESIDENT **THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 137 MEHARRY MEDICAL COLLEGE with departments of Medicine, Dentistry and Pharmacy and a Nurse Training School ALL DEPARTMENTS RECENTLY REORGANIZED Two years (Class One) college work required for admission to the study of medicine. Graduation from a four years' Hfgh School or Normal School required for admission to the departments of dentistry and pharmacy and 'nurse training. For catalog and application blank address John J. Mullowney, M.D., President of Mehärry Medical College, Nashville, Tenn. Missionary Training School of SHAW UNIVERSITY RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA The Missionary Training School offers courses to fit students to become home and foreign missionaries, social-service workers, pastors' assistants and Sunday-school leaders. For further information address MRS. J. L. PEACOCK, Dean, Summer Address: East Northfield, Mass. ATLANTA SCHOOL OF SOCIAL SERVICE at Morehouse College, Atlanta, Ga. An institution devoted to the general training of social workers. Courses include case work, community organization, statistics, medical-social problems, criminology and rural sociology. Term com-mences in October and ends in May. ARMSTRONG CORRESPONDENCE COLLEGE Announces COURSES BY MAIL Our system enables you to study at home at small cost. Our system is so simple that anyone can get our courses by means of our simplified text book digests. Our school is for the masses, not the classes. We offer courses in: Business Common School sub- Education jects Collegiate subjects Journalism High School subjects Civil Service Commerce Insurance Stenography Banking, etc. If you don't see what you want, write. If it can be given by mail, we give it. Send for catalog. Write to-day. We want Agents. Why not be a State or District Agent? We pay a handsome commission on every course sold. Agents Wanted. Write for terms. BYRON K. ARMSTRONG, M.A. (Columbia) Director WESTFIELD, INDIANA A RACE COLLEGE FOR RACE PEOPLE KINDERGARTEN DEPARTMENT ATLANTA UNIVERSITY In full operation since 1912 Professional course of two years Address Kindergarten Department A tan ta University__Atlanta, Ga, MANASSAS INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL MANASSAS, VIRGINIA Beautiful location, 191 acres, fourteen buildings. Direct railroad connections. The only school of its kind In historic Northern Virginia. State, standard Four-Tear High School Course. Advanced Grade School. Business and Trade Course». High moral standards. Prepare boys and girls to become useful men and women; terms reasonable. For Information address _EDWARD D.HOWE, PRINCIPAL Placement Bureau For Colored Graduate Nurses 317 West 138th Street, New York, N. Y. Telephone Audubon 5602 Mrs. Adah Belle Thorns, R. N. For many years Assistant Superintendent of Nurses of Lincoln Hospital, New York, N. Y. REGISTRAR SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL World's Standard System, Trial lesson free. GEO. B. THORNTON, Southern University Baton Bouge, La, BOYD'S 30-DAY SYSTEM DAY AND NIGHT CLASSES DERRICK BUSINESS COLLEGE PHILADELPHIA, PA. Only School of its Kind in America $5 enrolls you at once for special Complete Summer Course. 6—8 weeks of study. Earn while you learn. Positions secured I We teach Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, Filing, Office Practice, Languages and Lecture Courses including Salesmanship. Dormitories $2.50 weekly. Summer Session Now! Write for information and list of graduates. M. J. DERIUCK, Prin. and Mgr., X514 Pine Street. Tuitions arranged with you—cash or easy payments._________ EXPERT TYPEWRITING From Juveniles to septuagenarians—youth to old age—are studying Expert Typewriting at Prof. Duncan's Business School. Shorthand and Bookkeeping also taught. Address THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE (227 South i7tf) Street_Philadelphia, Pa. AGENTS WANTED For a nigh grade line of Calling Cards, Business Cardi, Invitations, Social Stationery, etc. Big demand everywhere. Liberal commission!, prompt deliveries. Write for sample* and terms. THE MOUSE OF CHOWNINO. INDIANAPOLIS iwn The MAYESVILLE EDUCATIONAL and INDUSTRIAL INSTITUTE Mayesville, S. C. There is No Better Place in the South for a thorough Academic and Industrial Training Our graduates stand high m many professions, some are Presidents of large schools, many are masters of Trades and of_Domestic Science and Art. The grounds, buildings and the healthfulness of the Institute are ideal. There is no better place for ambitious boys and girls. Expenses far below the average. For further information write MISS EMMA J. Wilson, President. **138 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER AMERICAN CIVILIZATION AND THE NEGRO (ILLUSTRATED) By C. V. ROMAN "The soul of a man has gone into this hook." (Dial.) We especially commend the volume to those of colored blood." (Independent, New York.) The most comprehensive work on this subject written by a colored man." (Crisis.) Postpaid $3.00 Net Address L. E. BADGER, 1303 Church St., Nashville, Tenn. The Negro in American History Its value indicated in public and secondary school libraries as an introduction to the study of American History from the American Negro viewpoint. 284 pages, 32 chapters, 17 full page illustrations. Index and bibliography other features. Price $2.00; postage prepaid $2.15; sent on receipt of net price. Order through any bookseller; C. O. 0. or postage remittance. For further information address the author. JOHN W. CROMWELL _1439 Swann St.. Washington, D. C. Cleota Collins, Lyric Soprano "She combines an excellent voice with artistic finish of the most mature kind. Her singing proved as charming as anything the concert programs will offer this season."—Detroit Daily Newt. GEOEGE LACY, Manager, 116 Hamilton Avenus Columbus, Ohio CHESTER A. SMITH Baritone Concerts and Recitals For terms and dates, address 67 MOUNTFORT STREET. BOSTON, MASS. WANTED Agents for THE CRISIS, Dignified Work 70 Fifth Avenue, New York A MONEY GETTER because it is A CROWD GETTER Churches and Clubs loosing for a flay that will afford an evening of Sidt-Spllttlan Fun, should have The Slabtown Convention An entertainment In nut art; full ef wit sad seen humor. Scores of churches have cleared feast One to Two Hundred Dollars la Ont Night. PRICE, Ms. MISS NANNIE H. BURROUGHS, AuUlSr Lincoln Helena._ Washington. D. c. REDUCTION SALE for 30 DAYS ONLY! Beginning June 26th and ending midnight July 26th, the busts of Frederick Douglass, Booker T. Washington, Paul Laurence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen and Rev. C. T. Walker, D.D., are reduced from $2.50 to $1.75 each, f.o.b. Pine Bluff, Ark. If you missed this sale two years ago, here is your chance. On July 27th these busts will be $2.50 again. Order now. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 810 S. Hickory St., Fine Bluff, Ark. $$ FREE—$$ FREE—$$ FREE Wanted—2500 men and women who will use their spare time to make BIG MONEY, or go into business for themselves; $3 to $5 per day and up to a hustler. We will furnish you the goods to start with FREE. All we ask is that you pay the postage. Our line is a sure repeater and fast seller. HURRY. HURRY I HURRY! Do not delay, but write to-day, DIXIE SALES AGENCY, 3161 S. Stale St., CHICAGO, ILL. Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Asbolutely Free From Grit and Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted Extra Large Profit Guaranteed Tie Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in the United States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "GOLD" in the Mouth. "BLEACHING" the Teeth, Healing and Hardening Bleeding Gums. ** THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 139 BLACK SWAN RECORDS The Only Records Using Colored Singers and Musicians Exclusively JULY RELEASES 25001 75c HAWAIIAN TWILIGHT ................................Royal Hawaiian Guitars CIRIBIRIBIN ..............................................Royal Hawaiian Guitars 23001 75c MY MARYLAND ..........................................Buffalo Military Band NATIONAL EMBLEM ....................................Buffalo Military Band 60001 75c NEAPOLITAN MEDLEY (Accordion Duet)......................Smith Brothers DOLORES WALTZ (Accordion Duet)............................Smith Brothers 40001 75c NO NEWS, OR WHAT KILLED THE DOG (Comic Monologue)....Jack Green THE THREE TREES (Descriptive Story)............................Jack Green 10065 75c WHY, DEAR? (Fox Trot)............................Baltimore Blues Orchestra LEARN TO SMILE (Fox Trot).......................Baltimore Blues Orchestra 10066 7Sc SONG OF LOVE (Waltz)...........................Johnson's Ail Star Orchestra FIGARO (One Step) ................................Johnson's AU Star Orchestra 10067 75c SOME ONE ELSE (Fox Trot)...........................Laurel Dance Orchestra LEARNING (Fox Trot) ..................................Laurel Dance Orchestra m LOVE'S OLD SWEET SONG (Male Quartet)..............Four Harmony Kings CAROLINA LULLABY (Male Quartet) .....................Silvertone Quartet 18046 75c MIGHTY LAK A ROSE (Soprano with Orchestra)...................Eva Woods SOMEWHERE A VOICE IS CALLING (Baritone with Orch.). .Charles White In addition to the above, the Black Swan catalog presents at all times a great variety of entertainment to meet every musical requirement. The following will prove welcome in any collection of records. 7103 $1.00 THE BELL SONG (Lakme)................................Florence Cole-Talbert Soprano with Orchstra. 7104 $1.00 THE KISS (II Bacio) Arditi ...............................Florence Cole-Talbert THE LAST ROSE OF SUMMER (Balfe)..................Florence Cole-Talbert 7101 $1.00 CARO NOME (Rigoletto) Verdi................................Antoinette Garnes Soprano with Orchestra. 7102 $1.00 AH, FORS' E' LUI (Traviata) Verdi...........................Antoinette Games Soprano with Orchestra. 16056 75c SO LONG, BERT (Baritone) ...................................George Jones, Jr. NIGHT AND YOU (Baritone) .................................George Jones, Jr. 18045 75c DEEP RIVER (Contralto) ..........................................Nettie Moore SONG OF INDIA (Contralto)........................................Nettie Moore Any Dealer will be glad to play these numbers over for you. Call for them. PACE PHONOGRAPH CORPORATION 2289 Seventh Avenue New York, N. Y. Agents Wanted in Every Community **140 the crisis advertiser National Capital Book of Etiquette Combined with Floyd's Flowers or Stories for Colored People A book absolutely in a class by itself. Interesting, instructive, handsomely illustrated. Wonderful pictures of Washington's prominent colored society leaders on the street; at the theatre; at church; in the home; at receptions, balls, parties, weddings, dinners, etc., etc. The illustrations are so perfect and natural that the well-bred, correctly clothed men and women almost speak to you. Learn how to dress and conduct yourself on any and all occasions; correct dress for men and women; suggestions in colors and materials for the ladies; hints as to footwear, hats, appropriate combinations, etc., for both sexes. What to serve guests for breakfast, lunch or dinner. How to converse intelligently; how to know when to talk and when to remain silent; how to make friends and gain popularity. A book that will help the most prominent member of society or the most humble. Illustrating Table Manners Agents Wanted We are looking for 1,000 hustlers, men and women. Our offer will pay you positively $4 to $9 per day. Such an opportunity comes but once in a lifetime, AGENT'S SAMPLES showing specimen pages and the pictures and covers of book will he mailed to you for 25 cents. A Book you will want—Must have in your home—a most excellent gift. 100 pages of pleasing pictures taken from best photographs. A BIG BOOK, containing over 500 pages. The people are much pleased with this new publication and are sending thousands of orders to us. We send by insured parcel post; return your money if not perfectly satisfied, Price ONLY $2.50. Write today. Dear Friend: - Are you energetic and enterprising, are you interested in the development of the colored people? Are you interested in. seeing members of the race buy and read good books, become self-educated and enterprising citizens? Is your income perfectly satisfactory, or would you like to make 50 cts to $1.00 per hour for a little extra time put in for us in your community? Have you given the race problems any thought? Are you a thinker? Please pause a moment and consider the GOOD YOU MAY DO by selling our publications, NATIONAL CAPITAL BOOK OF ETIQUETTE, PROGRESS 0E COLORED PEOPLE, DUNBAR'S POEMS, KELLY MILLER'S WAR HISTORY, EMMET SCOTT'S WAR HISTORY, DUBOIS'S DARKWATER, FLOYD'S FLOWERS and other special books on the race and our full line of bibles and religious books. School teachers and students should give this proposition their careful attention. $4 to $10 per day can be easily made by working for us during vacation. Yours truly, Austin Jenkins Co , #523 Ninth St. N. W. , Washington, D. C. Send for catalog of 160 books. **THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 141 ARE YOU PREPARED FOR THE FUTURE? ARE YOU MAKING INVESTMENTS THAT WILL HELP YOU ON THE ROAD TO FINANCIAL INDEPENDENCE? OPPORTUNITY IS CALLING YOUR ATTENTION TO ORCHARDVILLE Where, if you act soon enough, you can secure ideal BUILDING LOTS for only $35 ON VERY EASY TERMS. $3.00 DOWN AND $1.50 A MONTH. NO INTEREST. CLEAR TITLE. EACH LOT SOLD UNDER MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE Real Estate is the foundation of all wealth. You have heard that said many times and you know it to be true. You know how people have made large sums of money out of Real Estate investments and you know that most of those people bought at THE RIGHT TIME. That is an important factor. People from all parts of the country are buying Orchardville lots because they know that they have an excellent opportunity to earn BIG PROFITS on their investment. They know that when a place is developed in the way Orchardville is being improved, the property there should INCREASE IN VALUE CONSIDERABLY. That is why they are buying their lots now, while the price is low. You can do likewise, if you wish. Space here is too limited to cover all the details of this attractive offer, but we would like to have you know all about Orchardville and the opportunities it offers you. If you will write your name and address on the coupon below and send it to us promptly, we will gladly send you full particulars without obligation) on your part. The stamp on your envelope is all it will "cost you. Perhaps this is the very opportunity you have been waiting for. Who knows? In view of the increasing demand for these lots, we suggest that you send the coupon without delay. ARENSON REALTY DEVELOPMENT CORP. 19 S. La Salle Street CHICAGO, ILL. WEITE PLAINLY Arenson Eoalty Dev'pt Corp. Chicago, 111. Gentlemen: I am interested in your Orchardville offer and would be glad to receive full particulars, without obligation on my part. Name ....................................... Address ..................................... Town and State.............................. CRI-7-22-85 **142 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER HOTEL DALE CAPE MAY, N. J. Open March 15 Rates reduced in keeping with the times. This magnificent Hotel, located in the heart of the Most Beautiful Seashore Resort in the world, is replete with every Modern Improvement. Superlative in Construction, Appointments, Service and Refined Patronage. Orchestra daily. Garage, Tennis, etc., on Premises. Special attention given to ladies and children. Booklet. E. W. DALE, Owner. DON'T GAMBLE! If you are afraid of oil and other speculative investment propositions and prefer SAFETY OF INVESTED CAPITOL plus reasonable profits, we have an Ideal investment opportunity in a well established and seasoned, nationally known film corporation that shows wonderful indications of substantial profits. Our illustrated booklet Ko. 678 explains in detail. Send for a copy, Its FKEE! Southern California Investment Co. 1154 Central Ave., Los Angeles, Calif. MADE TO YOUR ORDER Pants $1.95 NO EXTRA CHARGES Postage Prepaid Send no Money We make this special offer for SO days, to prove the wonderful value, style and fit of Progress tailoring. We will tailor to your special order, a pair of these stylish 16.00 pants, send them to you postage prepaid and guarantee two years' solid wear or money back for only $1.95. *? AGENTS WANTED Earn $30 to $35 extra every week, taking orders from your friends and neighbors for our high-class tailoring. No experience necessary. Big Sample Outfit FREE Drop us a line today and we will send you absolutely f ree»our big assortment of woolen samples, style book and special wholesale prices, on our made-to-measure suits—$12.45 up and made-to-measure pants ^-$1.95 up. Pull details of this offer sent FREE. The Progress Tailoring Co.. Dept.Cr117Chica£0, 111. Agents Wanted In Every Town and Locality. GOOD PAY Catalog Free THE EAST INDIA TOILET GOODS MFG. CO. 316 N. Central Dept. B OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA SOUTHERN SALESMAN WANTED An established Northern Corporation doing a national business desires the services of a live, honest and trustworthy salesman (or woman) in the Southland. Only persons with ability and experience need apply. Salary and commission paid. Address BERESFORD GALE CORPORATION No. 413 S. Broad St. Philadelphia, Pa. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre.. 641 W. 9th Si. Cincinnati. Ohio YOU CAN BANK BY MAIL FIRST STANDARD BANK Louisville, Ky. Capital and Surplus (Paid) $110,000.00 Wilson Lovett, President MME. G. B. NEEDLES FINE FURS FUR GARMENTS MADE TO ORDER Remodeling, Repairing, Redyeing 2202 Seventh Ave., New York, N. Y. __Telephone Morningside 7S90 Tel. 5417 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Attorney and Counsellor-at-Law 54 School street Boston. Mass. ** A Selected List of Books Dealing with the Negro Problem These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. Two Colored Women with the American Expeditionary forces. (Hunton and Johnson) ..................... $2.50 The Heart of a Woman and Other Poems. (Georgia Douglas Johnson)........................................... 1.50 The Soul of John Brown. (Stephen Graham) ........... 2.00 A Narrative of the Negro. (Leila Amos Pendleton) ...... 1.50 Souls of Black Folk. (W. E. B. DuBois)................. 2.00 A Century of Negro Migration. (Carter G. Woodson) ____ 1.10 The Curse of Race Prejudice. (James F. Morton)...........25 History of the Negro. (Benjamin Brawley).............. 2.00 The Negro Migrant in Pittsburgh. (Abraham Epstein)... .50 Granny Maumee and Other Plays for a Negro Theatre. (Ridgely Torrence) ................................. 1.75 Half a Man. (Mary White Ovington).................... 1.20 Unsung Heroes. (Elizabeth Ross Haynes)................ 2.50 The Shadow. (Mary White Ovington).................... 2.00 John Brown. (W. E. B. DuBois)........................ 2.00 Negro in American History. (J. W. Cromwell)........... 2.00 Prince Hall and His Followers. (George W. Crawford).. 1.00 The Voice of the Negro. (Robert T. Kerlin).............. 2.50 The Negro. (W. E. B. Du Bois)...........................90 The Education of the Negro Prior to 1861. (Carter G. Woodson)........................................ 2.00 The Negro Faces America. (Herbert J. Seligmann)........ 1.75 Darkwater. (W. E. B. DuBois)......................... 2.25 Poems of Paul Laurence Dunbar........................ 2.50 Afro-American Folksongs. (H. E. Krehbiel) ............ 2.00 Booker T. Washington. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) ..................................... 2.50 A Social History of the American Negro. (Benjamin Brawley) ......................................... 4.00 The Negro in Literature and Art. (Benjamin Brawley).. 1.50 Fifty Years and Other Poems. (James Weldon Johnson).. 1.50 The History of the Negro Church. (Carter J. Woodson).. 2.15 The Upward Path. (Pritchard and Ovington)............ 1.35 Fifty Years in the Gospel Ministry. (T. G. Steward)...: 2.70 Harlem Shadows. (Claude McKay)...................... 1.35 The Book of American Negro Poetry. (James Weldon Johnson)............................................... 1.75 American Civilization and the Negro. (C. V. Roman)---- 3.00 Address: THE CRISIS,:: 70 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y. **Two Soaps for Milady's Use A Suggestion For Your Sunburn The_ Madam C. J. Walker _Co. 640 North West Street Indianapolis, Ind. Makers of 18 Superfine Preparations for the Hair and Skin COMPLEXION SOAP An excellent soap, made of the highest quality oils and essences compounded in such careful proportion as to assist Nature in preserving the most delicate skin and healthful bloom so much desired by woman. Unsurpassed for complexion's needs. ANTISEPTIC SOAP THIS Soap is guaranteed to be made from strictly pure vegetable oils and can not be excelled for washing the hair, scalp and hands. Delightfully soothing for cuts, wounds or for any use where a strictly pure soap is required. Unexcelled for softening the hands. **