The Egoist , made Published on the 1st of each month The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 6.—Vol. III. THURSDAY, JUNE 1st, 1916. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editors: RICHARD ALDINGTON. H. D. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS page England and Ireland. By D. M. . . . . 81 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . 85 Sea Gods. By H. D....... 87 Dialogues of Fontenelle— II. Translated by Ezra Pound........ 87 Notes on Modern German Poetry— VI. By Alec W. G. Randall....... 88 page Liberations—X. By Leigh Henry . . .88 Serial Story.—Tarr. By Wyndham Xewis . .90 Associations. By Richard Aldington . .94 Pedantic Literalist. By Marianne Moore . . 94 The Storm. By Amy Randall . . . .95 Impression. By B. Dobrée ..... 95 ENGLAND AND IRELAND THE swiftness with which history is now writing itself makes it possible for a verdict on some of its more recent makers to be presented earlier than is common in slower-moving times. The outward and visible signs of Mr. Gladstone's power with the people—the almanacs and prints— bave not yet been consigned to the obscurity which awaits the generation-before-last's heroes, yet Time's commentary on the spirit he quickened and stood for and to which he gave a status is already to hand. The man who would have been an ornament as an ecclesiastic, history is proving to have been a pretty bad mistake politician: and just because he never ceased to see with the understanding of an ecclesiast. His successful ambition to testify to the power of the Church and "uplift" the conduct of the State's affairs by insinuating the Church's mental attitude into politics is proving as bad now for the State as it cannot fail later to show itself to be for the Church. For if the mind of the State is to be as that of the Church where is the necessity for the Church? The entire case for the Church hangs upon its power to maintain the difference which distinguishes its attitude from the State's. Actually the function of the Church is to keep unchanged certain long-tested social habits throughout circumstances which constantly are in change. To which end it lays down rules for conduct which it calls "principles"; categorical imperatives to be accounted valid and held incumbent upon "the people" at all times and under all circumstances. They are catchwords, but not so by accident. Their mission is to be catchwords and their intent to slow down mental activity and cut off the desire to look too closely into their bases. They mean: when in doubt, don't start thinking; rather act straightway and according to the principle. To what extent the people consider these ready-made guides for conduct serviceable to them the popularity of the Church must be witness. To believe, however, that it is feasible to infect the processes of Government with " principles," though it proves the adherent's zeal for the Church, likewise is the proof of one's inability to comprehend the meaning of government. The Church is ancillary to the State just inasmuch as it tends to counteract that too great display of initiative and aptitude for new adjustments in face of changing circumstance which constitutes wisdom and virtue in the State. Not to be fettered by principles, not to rely on catchwords, not, when in doubt, to abjure thinking, but to be able to cut down through those non-essentials—which in speech can put up such a show—to the one feature which makes the new condition unique; always to be on guard against the rut: these things represent the virtues of a statesman; while to dignify and traditionalize the rut, and to dam up the tendency towards a too close scrutiny and criticalness among the great majority is the first duty of the Church. The rapid growth of political Idealism in the last two generations, the conception of the "High" and "Noble" in politics which we owe largely to the influence of Mr. Gladstone, and which voices and gives direction to "Liberalism" and the remoter Humanitarianism which comes down from the French Revolution, is due to a misapprehension and confounding of radically different functions in the two bodies respectively. Its immediate outcome is the establishment of a manner of speech which suggests an excessive amiability of attitude which is incapable of being borne out under the actual conditions of human intercourse, so that it resolves itself into a sequence of "Sweet Words and Dire Actions." The blunt directness of which speech has been skimmed is placed to the account, at a compound interest, of harshness in future ultimate relations. It is fair to say, for instance, that had England in recent history had a different manner of speech, Germany would have acted differently. Had England spoken differently, Ireland would have behaved differently, and the power of England in the world's affairs would have been estimated differently. One remembers the time anywhere prior to August 1914 when the young foreign writers and artists—the spirited ones who prided themselves on their ability to appraise "values" —used to boast how they could actually scent the decay of the English spirit: a miasma of decay hung visibly over the people. Undoubtedly, as events are proving, what they sniffed over was not so much what they saw as what they heard: the ##82 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 amiable, kindly, idealistic, humanitarian "liberal" chorus which ran from end to end of our Press and literature. They missed the note of virile frankness and concluded from the evidence that the English were a decayed people with blurred and confused instincts. How should they guess that the way of talking was just a new habit, supposedly "the thing," and really indicative of nothing more than a perverted shyness and inverted bravado? It was natural too, when events surprised their inferences, that these dashing persons should promptly write the English policy down as an elaborate hypocrisy, regardless of the fact that it would require a people almost infinitely less slovenly-minded to achieve such a subtle masterpiece. The truth about the English is merely that they refuse to undergo the strain of thinking clearly and—what is practically the same thing—of speaking accurately. They feel that as long as they keep their instincts steady enough to "cut the cackle" and arrive just on the right spot when the time for action comes, they "have a right," in the meanwhile, to burble on as amiably and as far from the purpose as may be. "Let us say anything we like; let the Irish talk as they like; let everybody say anything that any one likes; all will come out in the wash." That is what their spirit of worship for "Free" speech means actually. Relying on the efficacy of that ultimate washing process, conflict as it is all round to-day, words are to be allowed almost by preference to tangle themselves into knots so intricate that only after a life-and-death struggle are they able to straighten themselves out. Perhaps now, England—and the whole world besides—is finding her method expensive. Words which can develop into such tyrants can be very useful servants. They can, rightly used, serve to obviate such disasters as now, "idealistically used," they create. England's fear of calling a spade a spade misleads the youth of each generation in turn. Not only in Ireland but here in England, and gambling and adventurous spirits everywhere. It does not need to be pointed out that the Irish tragedy is far from being the only domestic difficulty which political "Idealism" has created for itself, and all can be traced to one common source; the habitual distorting and slurring over of the simple facts upon which governments rest. It is little use for statesmen to be so delicate and sensitive about the rude facts which sanction their position and procedure when their omission to acknowledge them in words results in their having to reveal them in concrete fact. Our idealistic statesmen's horror of acknowledging the truth about the relation of their prestige and policy to "physical" force entails the greater indelicacy of having to train their guns on the persons whose minds were considered too dainty to stand truth. The alternatives obviously lie between the expression of harsh blunt facts in words and an expression of them in bullets. To all but the bloodthirstiest Idealist the former seems the less indelicate, particularly as the thousand-and-one nursery tales under which the facts are disguised fail to deceive just those whom it is most necessary to impress, and who, in consequence, regard the fictionists merely as colossal hypocrites. * * * * Ability to distinguish "cheese from chalk " is the people's criterion of intelligence, and no doubt a scale of intelligence could be drawn up on the basis of the number of distinctions which people can bear in mind at a given moment; and if by some strange fluke a great empire can ignore this fact with impunity and read uniformity where actually there exists difference, lesser powers—rebels and the like—cannot. The blurring of all but the broadest likenesses which render cheese similar to chalk, and the acting as though the two were the same is the principle-ridden attitude which the Irish rebels have adopted. "What Ulster could do, they could do," was the tack, regardless of the fact that their attitude was not really comparable to that of Ulster; nor was what they proposed doing what Ulster proposed to do. The superficial likeness satisfied them, and cheese was chalk. If they had been able to appreciate the differences equally with the similarities they would have been able to exploit the latter to their own enormous advantage: instead of, by ignoring the former, encompassing their own complete destruction. And the difference was so obvious that men must have been very word-intoxicated to remain unimpressed by it. There was, in fact, the entire universe of difference between a small body of armed men acting in league with the Armed Forces of the British Empire, and one acting in opposition to them. How that could have failed to impress even the meanest intelligence it is difficult to see; but that it did— and does—is patent. It was not to be expected that a Government which was afraid to speak bluntly to Mr. Redmond and his friends, and still less so to Sir John French and his friends, would be willing to be frank with the friends of Rebellion in Ireland. Yet, when they saw how absurdly matters were going with the rebels they might have commissioned some one (they do commission people for all sorts of odd jobs it seems!) to explain to the rebels into what an impossible position they were manoeuvring themselves on the strength of a totally misleading likeness. An "outsider," given proper support, could have explained clearly how the Army under Sir John French had actually assumed the government in respect of Irish affairs. Since the political government—in pursuance of its idealistic convictions—seemed drifting into an attitude which negated government, the Army in this province chose to appear outwardly what it always is inwardly; the "Conscience of the Nation"; as per the parallel from the Cromwellian era. Such a course might have caused serious trouble had the Government been other than it was; but, of course, had the Government been other there would have been no such course taken. Since then, the move was made because the Government on principle abjured sternness; how could the Army, which in itself constituted the forces of sternness whenever the Government chose to employ them, fear the Government? Accordingly, victory for the Army was assured without any contest. There was nothing for the Government to do but step aside and allow the Army to arrange matters with as much decency and discreetness as possible. How far from reality talk of punishing the Army leaders under the circumstances was is shown by the subsequent history of Lord French and Sir Edward Carson. The peculiar mental attitude of the Government and the kindly timidity which is responsible for the mental attitude rendered them just as incapable of making the meaning of the situation clear to prospective revolutionaries as it had rendered them incapable of commanding the allegiance of the Army. The real tragedy of the situation, however, was that the failure in force and intelligence in the Government was matched by a failure of intelligence in the rebels. The situation for them had all the possibilities of a unique opportunity. In view of the Government's tongue-tiedness and shamefacedness in relation to Ulster the forces which were voicing economic discontent in Ireland had every opportunity of exploiting the Ulster incident and making the arming there an excuse for arming themselves; that is, under cover of an incident which meant something quite other, they could have supplied themselves for purposes of defence with the arms which in law-abiding communities are reserved for the use of the forces of offence and attack solely. Which, of course, is what they did when the Citizen Army took to drilling and ##June 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 83 arming over two years ago. How successful that exploitation of the Ulster incident was one needs only to cite the long series of privileges subsequently accorded them. They were allowed without interference still further to strengthen themselves with armaments, they acted in contempt of law with impunity; juries were influenced, and they followed their own sweet will to "almost ridiculous" lengths; and as crowning triumph Ireland was excluded from the operations of the Military Service Act. That the forces whose grievance was economic should not have been able to understand when they were well off and have hoarded their resources for the solution of their genuine quarrels without implicating themselves with an insensate—baseless and futile—"republican" movement seems really incredible. When they remembered how recently they had come off badly worsted in the struggle with the merest fraction of their own people, how they could propose to themselves, on their first acquaintance with the means of power, a tilt against the British Empire in addition to their own particular opponents is at present a mystery. Perhaps because of the silly booming of some new "Cave of Adullam": that particular sort of swindle which succeeds in pooling everybody's debts and cancelling each party's assets. However, it is over and done; invaluable men are lost and about a blunder of such dimensions nothing more need be said. * * * * One salutary outcome might, however, be contrived; a finish made of the fuss concerning Irish Home Rule—if politicians were prepared to agree that the serious and primary business was with the actual relationship of Ireland and England and not the jobs and prestige of certain Party-leaders, whose attempt to govern Ireland by mollifying and flattering each other has degenerated into the children's game called Tag, otherwise "Passing it on." What needs to be done relative to the Irish question is plainly suggested in the recently published manifesto of the Irish Parliamentary Party. This manifesto, written by Irishmen addressed to Irishmen, can be taken as revealing the authors' real minds. It sets out as a preliminary what under Isaac Butt and Parnell the Irish politicians proposed to bully or wheedle out of the English politicians, and now, after the rising, Messrs. Redmond and Co. report progress. They have obtained everything which had a place on their original programme and much more besides. The constitutional movement has not only won everything the programme of Butt and Parnell and the Irish organizations demanded, but a great deal more. Rack-rents, evictions, the rent office, the rent warner, the bailiff, to a large extent the landlord, have disappeared from the life of Ireland. Two-thirds of the entire land of the country has passed into the hands of the people. The remaining third is in process of gradual transfer, and the soil of Ireland is now more securely vested in the people of Ireland than at any period in our country's history. Tens of thousands of cottages have been built all over Ireland in which, at a moderate rent and with a portion of land, the Irish labourers have been transformed from the worst-housed, worst-clothed, and worst-fed class in Europe into the best-housed, the most comfortable, and the most independent body of labourers in the world. In the congested districts grass ranches have been acquired and divided up into economic holdings for the people. Slated, roomy, and healthy houses have taken the place of the miserable cabins, and there has grown up in the North-West, West, and South of Ireland a new Ireland of happy and prosperous homes. The evicted tenants have been practically all restored to their original holdings or to other holdings as good or better. In so far as the local government of Ireland is concerned, it has been wrenched from the landlords and is now in entire possession of the people, with chairmen and members freely chosen by the people themselves. The Parliamentary and municipal franchises have been so reformed that the representation of three-fourths of Ireland is in accord with the national aspirations of the people. Grants and acts have begun the great work of providing healthy and cheap homes for the toilers. In every effort to put down sweating, the abuse of the truck system, the efficient administration of the Factory Acts, the safeguarding of the right of combination, and the protection of the interests of trade unions, the Irish National party have been able to extend to Ireland every benefit that the popular representatives of Great Britain have been able to obtain for their constituents. In the region of higher education, the Irish Party have been enabled to bestow upon Ireland a National University. The tenants in the towns have achieved a charter far in excess of anything ever extended to any city or town in England. With England, Ireland has been enabled to share to the full in all the programme of social reform. Old Age Pensions have brought comfort and hope to tens of thousands of old man and women. The National Insurance Act has given to the workers of Ireland the same guarantees as to those of England against illness, unemployment, sickness, and disease. The only thing which they have not actually obtained but which they find themselves on the eve of obtaining is Home Rule. The Irish are really to be congratulated. They have carried through a remarkable business transaction. It is as though a tenant should bully his landlord into putting every conceivable sort of "improvement" into the house he occupies, and then when he can think of nothing more to demand boldly demands the house! If the Home Rule agitation were not all compact of political intrigue and blarney the affair would collapse of its own unblushing impudence. As it is entirely a matter of political intrigue there is every prospect of its being settled on politicians' lines. To give their action a show of reason obviously some specious story must be adopted; which presumably is to be found in the implacableness of Irish Hate; implacable, that is, unless you try their patent Hate-cure: Home Rule. The politicians affirm the existence of this "Hate," although natives on the spot are inclined to be derisive about it. However, as the politicians make the moves they are likely to make them on the "Hate" basis. Their former boss-word was, of course, "Conciliation"; but as that broke down they had to substitute one good round word for another. As a matter of fact, they hold that the two—the new and the old—are related; two sides of the one coin, as it were; and in this estimate politicians of the Idealistic Humanitarian cast are no doubt sincere. The belief may be wrong, but the fact that they really believe in it is no doubt quite true. Mr. Birrell (for whom as a man who believed in an hypothesis which the event unceremoniously proved void of foundation one can be sorry for, notwithstanding the consequences) must just now have received a mental shaking-up unique in the lifetime of any one, and any loose pieces of mental furniture must necessarily have been brought down by the process. How little accidental, and how much a product of his entire mind is this conception of the Hatred-cum-Conciliation coin is proved by the fact that a complete overthrow of his opinions in regard to the one side affects him only to the lengths of inducing him to try the other. If Conciliation and kindness as a policy fails, then it is because of the Hatred. If the Hatred under treatment by Conciliation becomes only more definitely Hatred then it is because it requires more and yet more kindness. That is the true humanitarian theory, of course; the turning of the other cheek; applied Christianity. This effect of a circle wherein a Hatred should give way before Conciliation, but which somehow doesn't, is created by accepting the term Hatred as Standing for something definite and particular instead of for what it is—a mere covering term for a collection of circumstances lumped together. Such acceptation allows it to be assumed that Hatred possesses an independent existence like a house or a tree; whereas ##84 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 the composite something it superficially stands for is very far removed from such absolute and elemental conditions. The term Hatred is like the paper figure plastered over a box of bricks. When one allows each piece to remain in a certain relation to every other piece, one succeeds in making up the form of a dragon or ogre; but take the pieces out of this relation, and while each has its own value, it has nothing of the awe-inspiring one which the whole picture accepted in the one given and arbitrary relation has the power to suggest. Hatred represents a particular kind of relationship arrived at by both sides agreeing to take up certain positions in relation to each other. Not only does a Hate require the determination of the one who hates; it demands equally the co-operation of the one hated. Just as it is allowed that it takes two to make a quarrel it has to be acknowledged that it requires the acquiescing co-operation of both sides to permit a Hatred. Hates are "allowed"; they can establish themselves only in their arbitrary presentment by treaty and mutual agreement. The truth is that the matter-of-fact relations of Hatred —like those of Love—have been almost hopelessly romanticized by language and its conventions, and are now obscured with romantic attributes which do not belong to them. Verbal superstructures have invested hatred with a sort of fore-ordained, predestined "Inevitableness" which cuts a most excellent dash in Romance but is very misleading as to the character of the blunt facts. Emotions follow the course of those who have the power and intelligence to command them. It is even easier to defeat the possibility of hatred than to command love as it is generally easier to destroy than to create a positive condition. Since relationships mean manoeuvring oneself into certain positions it is obviously easier to render a position vacant than, first, to render the position occupiable, and then to exercise the actual power which takes possession of it. One may have the intelligence to achieve the first yet fail in power to achieve the second. For a great Empire— which has unlimited power—to accept hatred of itself as a tolerable fact is a confession of lack of intelligence; an ignorance as to what is implied in the conditions compendiously styled " Hatred." It makes plain that while its statesmen may have heard the name they have not understood the relationship the name stands for. * * * * Not only is Hatred a complex and not a simple and elemental state, it is a highly doctored and artificially stimulated one. The conditions upon which it is, in the main, based, are primarily a wholesome fear, caution, wariness (wholesome because it is farsighted and has an eye to consequences) acted upon by a doubt as to the necessity for this very same fear. The origin of hate is the doubt as to the necessity of an existent fear; it represents the existence of a feeling of respect with a suspicion as to the respectworthiness. This constitutes Hate in embryo. To achieve a full-grown hate, romance has to step in, which it does in the shape of big phrases. The function of romance in the formation of a first-rate hate is what in the vulgar is called "trying it on." While the chastening memory and fear of "consequences" still preserves the fear and respect as far as actions go, the doubt as to its necessariness finds expression in a bigness and provocativeness of phrase. Hate begins in what is said over and above what one dares translate into action; that is in "Bounce." Whether it ever gets beyond this stage of incipiency depends on the manner in which the romantic early "Bounce" is permitted to fare. If it is tolerated and the phrases are allowed standing-room the Hate is successfully hatched and can set out on a straight course to its maturity. From little to more it proceeds to cover the entire mental map; in doing which it takes on a new character. The chrysalis develops into the moth. Beginning in words just because these do not mean action, it ends in the use of words just in order that they shall mean action. The words which in the beginning were excrescences: appendages to men's more serious selves, in the sequel become the main body to which men are the insignificant appendages. Men enter into bondage to the words they utter, and the words have to be made good at the cost, if necessary, of the men themselves—who must prove themselves "men of their words": become possessed by them that is. The action of to-morrow is put in pledge for the speeches of yesterday. Far and away the most weighty factor in forcing issues to crises: the whip and spur which makes "forlorn hopes" inevitable is not any calculated judgment as to the possibility, feasibility, even desirability of the action to be taken, but the drag of the ever-lengthening chain of "the things we have said." It is in view of this ultimate action to which their speeches have long been delivering them that the speech-makers cannot afford to let Romance flag or common sense have play. The Hatred has to be kept hot; and to keep its heat it requires—only more speeches. So a circle: big speech and bigger speeches result finally in one mad swirl of words under which the silly victims are doomed to disappear. Hate has become a Cause; Romance has reasserted its power to maintain its unresting flow of sacrifices. In his book "Labour in Irish History," James Conolly points out how "during the last hundred years each generation has witnessed an attempted rebellion against English rule." From "every generation" the curse of the phrase, Romance, Kathleen-Ni-Houlihan has exacted her toll in Ireland. The deliverer who can break the curse is he who can break the big phrase! **** Plain speaking is a cheap remedy, but it happens to be the one which would meet the situation in Ireland. The malaise in Ireland is Inarticulateness: more or less deliberately provoked. Ireland has been flattered into permitting herself the extravagance of a "temperament." Kathleen-Ni-Houlihan is a mystic, and mysticism is that attitude towards phenomena which is based on the discovery that the pleasurable culmination of an emotion is reached one stage anterior to its full development. The mystic method seeks to dam up emotion, in the interests of greater pleasure, at this stage of incompleteness. The price it agrees to pay is loss of definition, self-awareness, and that clean-cut outline of the emotional image which provides the starting-point for the processes of intellect. Intellectualizing—clear thinking —is the weaving of like to like; it is classification. When all images are blurred and indefinite and saturated with the strong pleasurable feeling which arises not so much out of the character of the images as from the interference with their normal development, intellect has no place or office. It is incapable of weaving ropes from sand and intellect remains foreign to Irish culture notwithstanding that identifying of an "Intellectual" with a person able to use pen and ink which nominally ascribed to Ireland an "Intellectualist Movement." Her religion and thereafter her literature and art is a menagerie of exquisite spooks which need to be allowed the incubating heat of attention before they can mean anything apart from pleasure. The inborn force of their emotions which should have carried them on to a completeness capable of revealing their "nature": origin and objective, is denied free play and turned inward, its hurtling and rampaging creates that sensation of bigness which is the first ingredient of "exaltation." It gives a sensation of greatness and inordinate importance which is above all things pleasurable. Abortive as regards meaning, mystic emotion is compact of pleasure, and it makes life for the moment ##June 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 85 seem very much worth while; that is why the mystic process is defended and safeguarded so passionately. While it does not furnish Power in its initial effects it supplies such a good imitation that one gets all Power's pleasure without the irksome restraints and responsibilities of the actual thing. Which is well enough as long as one likes and can afford it. Obviously Ireland cannot. In applying Voluptuousness as an Art of Living she has exhausted her substance and energy, and her hope of salvation comes from those who refuse to sympathize with and admire any further her voluptuous romantic poses. In the particular pose about "Hate of England" at least the latter can do Ireland the "spiritual" service of forcing on her the bracing apprehension of Necessity in exchange for the vague pervasive delicious longing and unrest which she calls her devotion to "Irish Freedom and Liberty." With quite a few plain, straight words Ireland could be made to feel inclined to adapt the phrase and say, "O Liberté, que de bêtises on commet en ton nom." Hitherto England's custom of acknowledging herself in the wrong—a mere habit with her—has done the Irish real injury. In any case, the habit should never be indulged except when one is certain that the other side will take it as an opportunity to proclaim one in the right. It misleads the expectations of the other side; they consider the acknowledgment the outcome of fear rather than of pity, and they misjudge their relative powers. More than all, it deprives them of that Sense of Necessity which is the foundation-stone of the Sense of Justice and of the comfort and support which it gives. One can be happy almost in resigning oneself to Necessity; but one has a gnawing unrest in resignation to the repugnant when there is doubt as to the necessity. In the one case resignation is plain sense; in the other it is nonsense and worse. English people's flirtation with phrases which obscured the fundamental fact that England possessed, alongside the power also the resolve to use it to the full if necessary to keep Ireland an integral part of the Empire, robbed Ireland of this aspect of necessity concerning Loyalty. Made aware of the resolve and convinced of the necessity of respecting it, it is not possible that the Irish should not appreciate that wisdom lies in acquiescence and in turning their minds and energies to more profitable things. " Kind (perhaps) but firm (certainly) " seems the right policy for Nations as for Nurseries; basically both are very similar. * * * * The "Remove the Cause " tack has come to grief because it mistook the cause. It accepted harshness as the cause and kindness as the cure; with results upon which the fall of Mr. Birrell— their "admired St. Augustine—the most popular official who has walked in Phoenix Park since the days of Thomas Drummond" according to the NewWitness— is the best commentary; his political career and his political faith shattered without a single reserve, and his tenderness responded to by open rebellion. The "Cause" actually is a manner of speaking—an assumption—accepted without question by both sides who see in the Irish an implacable people with a grievance to which offerings must be constantly made. What else explains the facts? They rebel and they are rewarded therefor with the gift—unlike Scotland or Wales—of self-government, and of the kind which takes the honours but leaves the financial burdens with England. Or again, they rebel and lives are lost by the thousand. As a deterrent something under a score undergo the maximum penalty and the cry goes up, here as well as in Ireland and America, of "Butchery"; not on account of the many but of the handful. Only the accepted assumption that the Irishman is a person whom, because of our wicked past, a Government must treat tenderly, while the forces of the Government are to be treated as summarily as may be, explains the facts. Obviously, if above all things the Irish are to be—not placated, for as long as the assumption holds they will remain implacable—not placated, but treated as a Party for whom every consideration must be allowed, while England, under conviction of sin, humbly turns the other cheek when acting on the offensive, they will regard England as the Merciless Enemy and Conscienceless Oppressor; while when unable to do further damage and put upon the defensive they will regard her as the indulgent parent who looks tolerantly upon all escapades, because she appreciates and understands their high spirit. All pro-Irish opinion, both in America and England, adopts the dual rôle for England in the Anglo-Irish relation, and in answer to their loud indignation England very rarely fails to fall into exact line. Nor can England complain that she has not deserved her fate when—to travesty Omar—she finds that "The Island she has woo'd so long, does her credit in men's eyes much wrong." Already the bullying has begun about the figure she will cut at the Peace Conference as the champion of small nations, and scarcely a voice in the world but will add emphasis to the comment "Serve her right." It will be quite soon enough to sympathize with her when she appreciates the true meaning of her relation with Ireland and applies the remedy; though, no doubt, when she recognizes that it is her primary duty to "school the ways of speech" both here, and among the teachers and preachers and rising generations of Ireland, she will find that all grounds for commiseration have removed themselves. Perhaps then the remembrance of how much her own truck with and love for ignorance has been the cause of the unhappy past, she can allow herself the luxury of the rôle she favours—the magnanimous—and alongside her demand for an open and conditionless subscription to loyalty among the Irish, grant a general amnesty for past misdemeanours. D. M. NOTICE TO READERS Mr. Aldington will shortly be called up for military service and during his absence the assistant-editorship of The Egoist will be taken over by "H. D." (Mrs. Richard Aldington). PASSING PARIS ENGLISH firms are, as I see, becoming more enterprising in their publications after the latest French books and this discovery brings some modification to an opinion advanced in this column a short while ago. If there is one improvement this war and the Anglo-French intimacy it has favoured should give birth to it is the furthering of the French language among the British peoples. That the Germans, Russians, Poles, not to speak of the Italians and Spaniards, should be so far ahead of the English and Americans in this respect is to these latter's shame. Every one knows that French is incompetently taught in English schools and colleges, and the vigorous hauling over of this part of the curriculum awaits some one with the necessary influence and initiative. The economic relations which, it is supposed, will be strengthened between the two countries depend upon this reform, for we cannot, surely, expect the French to meet the English all the way on the language-path, they who will have to muster all their obstinacy to resist the advances of the Germans, linguistically so perfectly equipped. In the industrial domain supremacy is not only achieved by producing the best wares but by their intelligent, insinuating presentation. ***** ##86 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 Tested authors do not always do as well by the war as the younger ones who have the dash of the fresh recruit denied their fellows of the "reserve." M. Paul Adam's weighty volume ("Dans l'Air qui Tremble"; Crés, 3 fr. 50) is of slighter content than a booklet ("La Guerre, Madame"; Crés, 1 fr. 75) signed with three asterisks, which is one of the most brilliant of things literary bred by this war. M. Paul Adam gives too much of it. His is a panorama of the war and impressions are more communicative. There are some fine descriptions of carnage, courageously realistic, but in most of the other pages the air does not tremble. My less ambitious anonymous author fancies a a soldier of the "active," a "man about town" in peace time, enjoying a first and only day's leave in Paris after a year spent at the Front. This day in a gentleman-private's life contains numbers of other evocations of numerous other days in all kinds of lives and places. Because it does not attempt to describe, preferring to suggest, it is very much more the war, for to each one of us what is the war but a sequence of minute individual experiences? We are all of us, though in lesser degree even, like those officers who listen politely to their chief's reading of the daily bulletin without understanding it or even wanting to: "It was sometimes my duty to bring the three o'clock 'official' to my colonel in the little wood where he was quartered. The colonel would then rise and say in an altered voice to the officers at the bridge-table: 'The bulletin, gentlemen.' In an artificially grave voice he read out the news to which he endeavoured to give an importance his mind had long ago refused to grant it. During his reading the others stopped playing, though not thinking about, the game. I saw their attention was elsewhere. I already share this Front mentality which realizes instinctively that this enormous business is not our business. Our officers think the same. Nothing interests save the orders affecting their sector. It is not wise to consider the struggle from too high. You become too small an actor in it. You cease to believe in your part. ..." The same theory applies to those who would relate of big events. Taken from too high they dwindle, whereas incidents slight in themselves but connected to a big ensemble, adroitly related to provide the maximum of verisimilitude, may open out the broadest vistas, just as the minutest object may be unlimitedly rich in reminiscence of a scene, person, place, or period. The reality broken up is like those fragments of masterpieces Rodin calls multiplied masterpieces: instead of one you have many realities. For reality makes itself more eloquently evident by an indirect than by a too direct appeal, and thus imagination and style become the indispensable agents for its communication. A little reality well told goes a longer way than a great deal of it rolled out without the touch necessary to bring it into relief. And therein lies the secret of the completely successful hour's reading one finds in a morsel like "La Guerre, Madame," which reminds us of all that has happened these last two years to others, and from which we have escaped, or of all that has happened to us and from which others have escaped, of the tragedy and of the comedy in that sequence of inequalities of fortune called war, the most unjust of measures called in at that extremity when justice is impotent to act. To a lady who complains that many Parisians show too much indifference to the war the soldier replies: "Bah," said I, "they are optimists. And is not cheerfulness the beet recipe for endurance? The gloomy are beaten in advance. To nurse one's good humour if one still has it, is to show good health; to revive it, if not, is politic." "But, Maurice, the merest decency . . ." "Crowds know nothing of decency. Besides, said you, people don't even seem to understand. Indeed, madame, they do not understand. . . . There are in the Champagne just now men who have lived there a whole year and who have not seen the landscape. They have never dared in daytime lift their head above the earth. All they know of the country-side is as much as can be seen through the narrow slit in a battlement. And all that the French as a whole see of the Great War is like what the soldiers see of the Champagne district. . . ." Another reminiscence: "During the September marches, as we had been on the move for days and days—we had given up counting them —it seemed to us that our fatigue had surpassed the extreme of human limits. Of these innumerable, atrocious hours, I can only recall one night when, having a hundred thousand times thought I had stepped my last step, I had hooked my eye, as though to make it pull me along, to the lantern of a waggon preceding me by some metres. I had long given up thinking. That lantern filled my whole brain, withheld what life I had left. I felt I should fall if it failed me, that I should die there, in the dark, of physical and mental fatigue. It alone dragged out my life. . . . Then suddenly it went out. I saw death at that moment more distinctly than I had ever seen it during the most violent bombardments. I felt it. It touched me. . . . My recollections, my loves, the world, all my interior universe, sank into a deep well. . . . But the lantern shone again. A man on horseback had placed himself between it and me and intercepted it for a second. And I marched to quarters. . . . Madame, since that night I have heard many stories about the battle of the Marne. I shall read many another. But for me Joffre's orders, the chase, Von Kluck's mistake, the sublime decision of Foch, the formidable German retreat and the deliverance of Paris, that is history, that is legend. Of the greatest victory in the world, I who have lived right through it, I have seen nothing, perceived nothing, remembered nothing except the flame of a penny candle fastened by a driver to his cart. . . ." The contrast this soldier's book—so full of optimism, alternating from pathos to fun, passing from tears to laughter and back again, observing without attempting to solve, living as it were from moment to moment, at once objective and subjective—offers to that of a civilian (Lucien Descaves: "La Maison Anxieuse"; Crés, 1 fr. 75) is worthy of note. M. Descaves touches only upon consequences of the tragedy, but not upon the tragedy itself, and yet his pages, interesting enough in themselves, diffuse discontent. Everything and everybody is in the wrong, the rich who give and the poor who receive—for the "House Anxious" symbolizes all the classes affected by this war and who wait at home. The "rich" women who nurse the soldiers with heroism greater than theirs, for it is constant whereas theirs was only occasional, monopolize them; why should not the "poor" women enjoy the same privilege of sacrifice by their bedside? Those who continue their usual life, "dress," smile, etc., are indifferent, selfish; those who refrain from spending money do not help the poor little seamstresses to earn their living. Those who ought to have the allowance don't get it; those who do spend it on drink or the cinema. We have heard all these dirges and they make us "tired." It is to be regretted that a writer of M. Descaves' sympathy, wisdom, wit, and charm—when he does not indulge in hypercriticism and vituperation—should encourage discontent even if it is, and especially if it is, justified. It is not the slightest use fostering ill sentiments by noticing them too often. The anxiety in this book is generous; the bitterness petty. For the anxiety comes from the broad, breezy, perilous Front; the bitterness emanates from within the stuffy walls of the House. ***** In the event that, in a recent sketch of two books by the Rosny brothers, I conveyed the impression that these authors succeeded to Mr. Rudyard Kipling and Mr. H. G. Wells in the choice of similar themes for a peculiar phase of their literary achievement, it should be understood that in this style of fiction the ##June 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 87 Rosny brothers preceded their English contemporaries. Thus there are two precedents in France for the scientific romances of Mr. H. G. Wells, the other being Jules Verne. Considering the extremely cheap tone of Parisian journalism at a period when it should, on the contrary, attempt an improvement on its usual key, it is a poor compliment to M. J. H. Rosny ainé to proclaim his articles in the Intransigeant among the most intelligent to be read just now. The "odious" comparison apart, his views are worth listening to and are particularly well informed when dealing with Anglo-French relations. This novelist and the poet Claudel are writing more practical sense than most politicians and journalists just now. M. Léon Bailby, director of the Intransigeant, is also a name to be retained in connexion with the Anglo-French cause. Muriel Ciolkowska. SEA GODS I THEY say there is no hope— sand—drift—rocks—rubble of the sea— the broken hulk of a ship, hung with shreds of rope, pallid under the cracked pitch. They say there is no hope to conjure you— no whip of the tongue to anger you— no hate of words you must rise to refute. They say you are twisted by the sea, you are cut apart by wave-break upon wave-break, that you are misshapen by the sharp rocks, broken by the rasp and after-rasp. That you are cut, torn, mangled, torn by the stress and beat, no stronger than the strips of sand along your ragged beach. II But we bring violets, great masses—single, sweet, wood-violets, stream-violets, violets from a wet marsh. Violets in clumps from hills, tufts with earth at the roots, violets tugged from rocks, blue violets, moss, cliff, river-violets. Yellow violets' gold, burnt with a rare tint— violets like red ash among tufts of grass. We bring deep purple bird-foot violets. We bring the hyacinth-violet, sweet, bare, chill to the touch— and violets whiter than the inrush of your own white surf. Ill For you will come, you will yet haunt men in ships, you will trail across the fringe of strait and circle the jagged rocks. You will trail across the rocks and wash them with your salt, you will curl between sand-hills— you will thunder along the cliff— break—retreat—get fresh strength— gather and pour weight upon the beach. You will draw back, and the ripple on the sand-shelf will be witness of your track. O privet-white, you will paint the lintel of wet sand with froth. You will bring myrrh-bark and drift laurel-wood from hot coasts! when you hurl high—high— we will answer with a shout. For you will come, you will come, you will answer our taut hearts, you will break the lie of mens' thoughts, and cherish and shelter us. H. D. DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by Ezra Pound II DIDO AND STRATONICE Dido. Alas, my poor Stratonice, I am unhappy. You know what my life was. I maintained so precise a fidelity to my first husband, that I burned myself alive to prevent my receiving another. For all that I have not escaped evil rumour. It has pleased a poet, a certain Virgil, to transform so strict a prude as I was into a young flirt, charmed by a stranger's nice face the first day she sees him. My whole story turned upside down. The funeral pyre is left me, I admit, but my reason is no more the fear of being forced into a second marriage; I am supposed to be in despair lest the stranger abandon me. Stratonice. And the consequences might be most dangerous. Very few women will care to immolate themselves for wifely fidelity, if a poet, after their deaths, is to be left free to say what he likes of them. But, perhaps, your Virgil was not so very far wrong; perhaps he has unravelled some intrigue of your life which you had hoped to keep hidden. Who knows? I should not care to take oath about your pyre. Dido. If there was the slightest likelihood in Virgil's suggestion, I should not mind being suspected; but he makes my lover AEneas, a man dead three centuries before I came into the world. Stratonice. There's something in what you say. And yet you and AEneas seem to have been expressly made for each other. You were both forced to leave your native countries; you sought your fortunes with strangers—he a widower, you a widow: all this is in harmony. It is true you were born three hundred years after his death; but Virgil saw so many good reasons for bringing you together that he has counted time for a trifle. Dido. Is that sensible? Good heavens, are not three hundred years always three hundred, can two people meet and fall in love, despite such an obstacle? Stratonice. Oh, Virgil was very clever in that. Assuredly he was a man of the world, he wished to show that we must not judge other people's love affairs by appearance, and that those which show least are often the truest. Dido. I am not at all pleased that he should attack my reputation for the sake of this pretty fable. Stratonice. But he has not turned you into ##88 THE EGOIST June l, 1916 ridicule, has he? He has not filled your mouth with silliness? Dido. Not in the least. He has recited me his poems. The whole part that concerns me is divine, almost to the slander itself. In it I am beautiful, I say very fine things about my fictitious passion; and if Virgil had been obliged in the AEneid to show me as a respectable woman, the AEneid would be greatly impoverished. Stratonice. Well, then, what do you complain of? They ascribe to you a romance which does not belong to you: what a misfortune! And in recompense they ascribe to you a beauty and wit which may not have been yours either. Dido. A fine consolation! Stratonice. I am not sufficiently your intimate to be sure how you will feel this, but most women, I think, would rather that people spoke ill of their character than of their wit or their beauty. Such was my temperament. A painter at the court of my husband, the Syrian king, was discontented with me, and to avenge himself he painted me in the arms of a soldier. He showed the picture and fled. My subjects, zealous for my glory, wished to burn the picture in public, but as I was painted admirably well and with a great deal of beauty—although the attitude was scarcely creditable to my virtue—I forbade them the burning, had the painter recalled and pardoned him. If you will take my advice, you will do likewise with Virgil. Dido. That would be all very well if a woman's first merit were to be beautiful or to be full of wit. Stratonice. I cannot decide about this thing you call the first merit, but in ordinary life the first question about a woman one does not know is: Is she pretty? The second: Is she intelligent? People very rarely ask a third question. NOTES ON MODERN GERMAN POETRY By Alec W. G. Randall VI. ALFRED MOMBERT ALFRED MOMBERT, I should think, began to write with the intention of becoming the German Mallarmé, or still more the German Albert Samain. His first poems are, as a matter of fact, reminiscent of nearly everybody—from Heine to Mallarmé, Georg and Dehmel. But in the bulk of his work he came nearer Samain than anybody else. His first volume " Tag und Nacht " (Day and Night), contains a number of dreamy, undulating poems which remind one of no one so much as of the poet who wrote: J'adore l'indécis, les sons, les couleurs frêles, Tout ce qui tremble, ondule, et frissonne, et chatoie, Les cheveux et les yeux, l'eau, les feuilles, la soie, Et la spiritualité des formes grêles. . . . The only things, in fact, in the whole of Samain's sonnet of which Mombert might not have approved are "Les rimes se frôlant comme des tourterelles," since the greater part of his work was in vers libre. Inf this form Mombert may be said to have been a pioneer, as the more elaborate, more advertised experiments of Arno Holz did not come until later. The following poem from "Tag und Nacht" is a fair specimen of Mombert's earlier work—work which was written before philosophy and mysticism entered and took possession of his imagination, much to its hurt. AWAKENED My eyes close drowsily—the world departs: Awakened! The candle by the bed is burnt down, And in the smoky, flickering light, In the oppressive night, I find it all, The world and myself, Set forth in images, Gloomily, broodingly— Only love not, perhaps. Even here may be traced the beginnings of that mysticism which, as I have just indicated, did so much harm to Mombert's later work. Day is obviously equivalent to our waking state, consciousness; Night equals sub-consciousness. Somewhere in this volume Mombert regrets that the soul has no form; it is so "erscheinunglos." From this one would gather that Mombert intended to give spiritual things form, to become, so to speak, an imagist of the soul. But that aim, if it were ever in his mind, was never reached. In his subsequent works, above all, perhaps, in "Die Blüte des Chaos " (The Blossoming of Chaos), he inclined more and more to the incomprehensible, the pretentiously philosophical, in short the chaotic. The explanation was not that in Mombert poetry had turned into pure music, as in the case of the Symbolists, but that he had failed, for the most part, to create an image; his work had become rhetorical. The later Mombert is that complete antithesis to "poet," namely, the "cosmic impressionist"; he is the "Mystiker," or, in his own barbarous periphrasis, the "Insichhineinversenker." This second poem is a good example of the work Mombert did before he conceived it to be his duty to become a philosophical poet, or rather a verse-writing philosopher. It is taken from "Der Denker" (The Thinker), an intermediate volume, published in 1901. Everything runs off me, like heavy rain; Even my own heart, And my mind and all my understanding. I am a marble statue in a garden, And I watch the clear brooks and the flowers. It is the rain which ran off me That turned to flowers. I am in the forest, in the shade, And round my marble shoulders creeps the ivy, Until a fire comes into the wood And unclothes me. But in the glow of the flames I sing the song, The deep song of my own eternity. Others members of the same group as Mombert are Max Dauthendey, Christian Morgenstern, Franz Evers, and Paul Scheerbart. Of the first, the most important of them all—though several years younger than Mombert—I shall say something in the next note. LIBERATIONS Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music X {continued) NIKOLAUS MEDTNER AND THE MODERN HEROIC SPIRIT IN MUSIC THE inherently individual standpoint of Medtner is clearly defined in even his earliest works. His first published compositions, a cycle of temperamental studies, collectively entitled "Mood Pictures," Op. 1, reveal an advanced stage of mental development and a complete certitude of intention and expression which would render them remarkable as mature compositions, and which, in an initial effort, are decidedly extraordinary. The first number, Prologue, is peculiarly portentous in content, a quality which gains an added significance when one considers its chronological position among Medtner's work and its relationship to the cycle of which it forms a number. Intensely virile in impulse and broad in the scope of its intention, and almost approaching bluntness in the direct manner of its## June 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 89 expression, the music contains at once the definition of the composer's mental attitude and the indication of his spiritual direction. In the second number, Allegro con impeto, the elements discernible in the preceding piece are presented definitely and actively. The music throughout is expressive of self-conscious energy, coloured by an intensity of feeling which almost creates a crudity of utterance. But above all is evident the superaction of a forceful directive intelligence which dominates the emotional impulses, fusing and concentrating them. In the third number, Maestroso feddo, this intellectual decision becomes more marked. No obtrusion of emotional conflict is permitted to disturb the mood of intense concentration which governs the music. But there is no exaggeration of attitude, no affectation. The music throughout is characterized by a rugged dignity of expression and a spirit of deep sincerity. One obtains the impression of a mind which has repudiated all sentimental associations, and remains isolated, yet confident in its own intrinsic strength. The fourth number, Andantino con moto, while less impressive, is very personal in feeling, and conveys in broad terms an impression of subdued emotional conflict. A more remote mood pervades the fifth number, Andante; the music has a certain feeling of pure intellectualism rare in Medtner's work. The sixth number, Allegro con more, is characterized by a fullblown and heartfelt joviality, the expression of a singularly virile temperament. Broad and hearty, the humour of this piece contains no suggestion of irony or malice. It is the mirth of strong men and giants which prevails here, such rude merriment as might have shouted itself from the huge throats of Rabelais' Gargantua or Pantagruel. The seventh number, Allegro con ira, expresses no mere mood of anger or ordinary irritation. The spirit evinced in the music has, perhaps, its closest analogy in the berserk battle fury of the heroes of the northern sagas. Impersonal in that it is directed against no definite actuality, the passion of the music is very individual in impulse, the fierce expression of a strong nature shaken by an emotional paroxysm. The final number of the cycle, Allegro con grazia, while more refined in expression than the majority of Medtner's works, is entirely free from affectation or effeminacy. Nevertheless the mood-indication given by the composer is fully justified. The music is graceful, but its grace is a quality purely masculine, the grace of an athlete, supple, alert, and full of nervous strength. In the numerous works for pianoforte solo which succeed this cycle, the individual qualities which it presents are remarkably developed, both in expression and psychology. The "Three Improvisations for Piano," Op. 2, present a more concrete imagery than the "Mood Pictures." The first number, entitled Sea Sprite, is a fantastic piece, with an undercurrent of mystery running through it, and may be taken as a symbol of the composer's consciousness moving waywardly through an expanse of external forces. A strong sense of dramatic values is evident in the second number, A Ball Reminiscence. Notwithstanding the title, there is no abstract analytical preoccupation apparent in the music, nor does the piece in any way attempt to depict realistically external features. Broadly comprehensive in expression, and vigorous In rhythmic treatment, it conveys synthetically the emotional feeling induced by the kaleidoscopic effects of a ballroom, interpenetrated by a subtle vein of personal thought. The Scherzo Infernal which constitutes the last number of the set, while having much in common with certain numbers of the "Mood Pictures," transcends them in dynamic expression, and is dominated by a spirit which can only be described as demoniac. From beginning to end the music conveys an impression of the revolt of a fiercely energetic and imaginative temperament which by constant strife has developed proportions too great for ordinary limitations to contain. In the "Four Pieces for Piano," Op. 4, Medtner reverts to pure mood expression. These pieces preserve the composer's characteristic idiom, but are less intense than the "Mood Pictures" or the Scherzo Infernal. Nevertheless they are truly individual. The first number, an Etude, goes greatly beyond the mere display of technical artifice which usually constitutes the matter of works so designated. In the second number, a Caprice, the waywardness of impulse so drastically demonstrated in the Scherzo Infernal is expressed in a lighter manner. The Musical Moment and Prelude which form the remaining numbers, while less individual, possess a certain intimacy of expression. In the "Sonata in F sharp minor," Op. 5, Medtner enters on work of larger structural dimensions, a departure which is fully justified by the increased scope of emotion and thought evident in the music. Though even more rugged in character than the preceding works, this Sonata maintains a majesty of spirit and a dignity of proportions and utterance which convey a spirit truly epic. The work is also more definite, and therefore stronger than those which precede it. But in the development of the musical material one discerns signs of a certain chafing against the formal limitation of the music, wider though it is in scope than that of those written earlier. This Sonata is the only example by Medtner in which the conventional division of the music into separate movements is observed. The "Three Arabesques," Op. 7, are considerably more than the pattern-weaving which the title suggests, being impregnated with complex psychology. The first number, an Idyll, suggests no affected pastoral, but the quiet delight of a sensitive nature in open spaces. The music, for Medtner, is strangely reposeful. The two Tragedy Fragments which complete the set are remarkable studies of psychological complications rather than renderings of actual incidents, or dramatic themes. There is a sinister, elemental immensity of mood in these two pieces which contains something at once entrancing and terrifying. It is as though one were able to discern a soul struggling against overwhelming horrors into which it has been precipitated by the force of its own turbulent impulses. Throughout one feels the grim-ness of a spirit in conflict; a sensibility whirled by conflicting sensations from one mental state to another, in a kind of spiritual delirium. The several opus numbers entitled "Legends or Fairy Tales" (Märchen, Op. 8, Drei Märchen, Op. 9, Zwei Märchen, Op. 14, and Zwei Märchen, Op. 20) present very forcibly the curious visionary type of thought which characterizes much of Medtner's work. Here one obtains, entirely severed from realistically suggested action or incident, that atmosphere of mystery and spiritual excitement which gives such curious dramatic appeal to most legends and fairytales. Yet there is no trace of mythological lore, or of traditional feeling in these works, nor would the active nature of the composer lend itself to retrospection. In these "Legends" Medtner seems to place his intellect, in the phrase of a French poet, "in a state of sensibility "before legendary and heroic tradition and thought, conveying his own conception of its underlying spirit, and endeavouring to present it in its potential aspect. These "Legends" might, with more accuracy, be named prophecies; intellectual realizations of the potentialities of scarcely conscious impulses and sensibilities projected by a visionary mind. The "Three Dithyrambes," Op. 10, are paeans of vibrant, triumphant life and consciousness. In these pieces Medtner evinces the spirit of a true Dionysian, that of the exultant beings described by Nietzsche as " laughing lions." Each number pulsates with the joy of passionate living and fierce ##90 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 energy. And throughout the glorious abandon of the music there is no trace of rhetoric or melodramatic hysteria. An exalted mood is consistently maintained. Both rhythmically and harmonically the music is interesting, and exemplifies very fully Medtner's characteristic energy and rugged directness of expression. In the ''Sonata-Triad," Op. 11, Medtner's characteristic breadth of conception assumes corresponding formal dimensions. The achievement of a Sonata is accounted by the formalists as something to be aspired to. Here Medtner achieves a threefold extension of the form, filling each section with original majestically conceived matter. The whole spirit of the work displays an innovatory spirit, approximating to that underlying the utterance of Remy de Gourmont, "You are, then you are also a tradition." Nowhere does the composer allow formal convention to obscure his intention, or influence the music to the extent of including anything beyond the musical translation of mood-interplay and sequences. The "Novels," Op. 17, have an emotional quality which seems in many ways to be a psychological development of the underlying moods of the two Tragedy Fragments and the Dithyrambes, now interpenetrating each other, and more complex in their expression. The music is of a markedly dramatic character, though there is no indication of any external theme. The curious visionary excitement with which it is permeated, somewhat similar to that in the "Legends," gives to the title of the set a very literal significance. The same type of projective vision is apparent in the Sonata, Op. 2, together with a perceptible increase of freedom in the musical treatment. In the "Four Marches," Op. 26, the heroic quality of Medtner's writing assumes a definitely militant aspect. The seer, having discerned the forces about him, launches himself into action. But the exultation of the music places it on a plane greatly divided from that of mere bellicose sentiment. In the "Sonata-Ballade," Op. 27, Medtner appears once more as an innovator of forms. The dimensions of the work are heroic, but the underlying feeling is less grim. It is the music of one who has scaled the heights, and no longer has any fear of his strength. The music throughout is full of a quiet certitude born of effort and achievement, not of passive acceptance. Nor is it in his pianoforte music alone that Medtner excels. The Three Night Songs, Op. 16, for violin and piano, evince a characteristic dignity and spiritual vision, together with a depth of tenderness which in itself speaks of strength, while in the various opus numbers for voice and piano, Three Songs, Op. 3, Nine Songs of Goethe, Op. 6, Three Songs of Heine, Op. 12, Two Songs ("The Winter Evening" and "Epitaph"), Op. 13, and a second cycle of Goethe Songs are generally characterized by originality and a deep and subtle sensibility of emotional values. Particularly dignified are the numbers "Wanderer's Nightsong" and "In Retrospect" (Goethe Songs, Nos. 1 and 4), and " On the Sea," Three Songs, Op. 3, while a lyric delicacy expressing a wide range of sensiblity distinguishes the "Little Elfinsong" (Goethe Songs, No. 3) and the Lyric Intermezzo (Heine Songs, No. 2). The exultant mood which dominates the Dithyrambes is expressed with more intimacy in the "Maysong" (Goethe Songs, No. 2), and the "Mountain Mood" (Heine Songs, No. 3). Throughout all these works Medtner displays a breadth of vision, a delicacy of sensibility, and a subtlety of perception which, combined with his evident mental force and strong temperamental impulse, has added to the powers of music something of great spiritual value, rendering it an adequate expression of an age essentially complex and heroic. Ruhleben, Germany, 1915. Leigh Henry TARR By Wyndham Lewis * PAKT II* CHAPTER I NINE months previously Kreisler had arrived in Paris at the Gare de Lyon, from Italy. He had left Rome, according to his account, because the Italian creditor is such a bad-tempered fellow, and he could never get any sleep after 8—or latterly 7.30—even, in the morning. "Dear Colleague,—Expect me Thursday. I am at last quitting this wretched city. I hope that the room you mentioned is still free. Will come at once to your address. With many hearty greetings,—Yours, Otto Kreisler." He had dispatched this note before leaving to a Herr Ernst Volker.— For some time he stood on the Paris platform, ulster thrown back, smoking a lean cigar, with a straw stuck in it. He was glad to be in Paris. How busy the women, intent on travel, were! Groups of town-folk, not travellers, stood like people at a show. Each traveller was met by a phalanx of uninterested faces beyond the gangway. His standing on the platform was a little ceremonious and military. He was taking his bearings. Body and belongings with him were always moved about with certain strategy. At last, with racial menace, he had his things swept together, saying heavily: "Un viagre! " Ernst Volker was not in, but had left word he would be there after dinner. It was in a pension. He rented a studio as well in the garden behind. The house was rather like a French Public Baths, two-storied, of a dirty purple colour. Kreisler looked up at it and felt that a very public sort of people must live there, looking big and idle in their rooms and constantly catching the eye of the stranger on the pavement. He was led to the studio in rear of the house, and asked to wait. He turned round several long canvases and was astonished to find dashing ladies in large hats before him. "Ha ha! Well, I'm damned! Bravo, Ernst!" he exploded in his dull solitude, extremely amused. Volker had not done this in Rome.— Even there he had given indications of latent virtuosity, but had been curbed by classic presences. Since arriving in Paris he had blossomed prodigiously. He dealt out a blatant vitality by the peck to each sitter, and they forgave him for making them comparatively "ugly." He flung a man or woman on to nine feet of canvas and pummelled them on it for a couple of hours, until they promised to remain there or were incapable of moving, so to speak. He had never been able to treat people like this in any other way of life, and was grateful to painting for the experience. He always appeared to feel he would be expected to apologize for his brutal behaviour as an artist, and was determined not to do so. A half-hour later, on his return, the servant told him somebody was waiting in the studio. With face not exhibiting joyful surprise, but rather the collected look of a man of business arriving at his office, he walked out quickly across the garden. * "Tarr," as originally written, being too long for the purposes of a serial, certain chapters in various parts will, with the author's permission, be omitted. Considerable excisions have been made in Part II in order to print it all in this issue,—Ed. ##June 1, 1916 THE EGOIST 91 When he saw Kreisler the business look disappeared. Nothing of his private self remained for the moment, all engulfed in his friend's personality. "But, Ernst! What beautiful pictures! What pleasant company you left me to wait amongst!— How are you? I am glad to see you again!" "Had a good journey? Your letter amused me!— So Rome became too hot? " "A little! My dear chap, it was an eigenplutzlich schlechtes schettel! In this last scuffle I lost—but I lost! —half the clothes off my back! But chiefly Italian clothes; that is fortunate " "Why didn't you write?" "Oh, it wasn't serious enough to call for help." He dismissed the out-of-date notion at once!— "This is a nice place you've got."—Kreisler looked round as though measuring it. He noticed Volker's discomfort. He felt he was examining something more intimate than the public aspect of a dwelling. It was as though his friend were expecting a wife, whom Kreisler had not met, to turn up suddenly. "Have you dined?—I waited until eight. Have you ...?" "I should like something to eat. Can we get anything here?" "I'm afraid not.— It's rather late for this neighbourhood. Let's take these things to your room—on the way—and go to the Grands Boulevards." They stayed till the small hours of the morning, in the midst of "Paris by Night" of the German bourgeois imagination, drinking champagne and toasting the creditors Kreisler had left behind in Rome. Kreisler, measured by chairs or doors, was of immoderate physical humanity. He was of that select section, corporally, that exceed the mean. His long round thighs stuck out like poles. This large body lounged and poised beside Volker in massive control and over-reaching of civilized matter. It was in Rome or in Paris. It had an air of possession everywhere. Volker was stranger in Paris than his companion, who had only just arrived. He felt a little raw and uncomfortable, almost a tourist. He was being shown "Paris by Night"; almost literally, for his inclinations had not taken him much to that side of the town. Objects— cocottes, newsvendors, waiters—flowed through Kreisler's brain without trouble or surprise. His heavy eyes were big gates of a self-centred city. It was just a procession. There was no trade in the town. He was a property of Nature, or a favourite slave, untidy and aloof. Kreisler so real and at home was like a ghost sitting there beside him, for Ernst Volker. He had not had the time to solidify yet in Paris by all rights, and yet was so solid and accustomed at once. This body was in Paris now!—with an heroic freedom. Volker began looking for himself. He picked up the pieces quietly. This large rusty machine of a man smashed him up like an egg-shell at every meeting. His shell grew quickly again, but never got hard enough. He was glad to see him again! Kreisler was a good fellow.— Despite himself Ernst Volker was fidgety at the lateness of the hour. The next day Fräulein Bodenarz, who was sitting for him, was due at 9.30. But the first night of seeing his friend again— He drank rather more than usual, and became silent, thinking of his Westphalian home and his sister who was not very well. She had had a bicycle accident, and had received a considerable shock. He might spend the summer with her and his mother at Berck-sur-Mer or Calais. He would have gone home for a week or so now, only an aunt he did not like was staying there. "Well, let's get back!" said Kreisler, rather thoughtful, too, at all the life he had seen. CHAPTER II On the first day of his letter being overdue, a convenient way. of counting, Otto rose late, from a maze of shallow dreams, and was soon dressed, wanting to get out of his room. As the clock struck one he slammed his door and descended the stairs alertly. The concierge, on the threshold of her "loge," peered up at him. "Good morning, Madame Leclerc; it's a fine day," said Kreisler, in his heavy French, his cold direct gaze incongruously ornamented by a cheerful smile. "Monsieur has got up late this morning," replied the concierge, with very faint amiability. "Yes, I have lost all sense of time. J'ai perdu le temps! Ha ha!" He grinned mysteriously. The watch had gone the way of the dress clothes some days already. She followed him slowly along the passage, become extremely grave. "Quel original! quel genre!" With a look of perplexed distrust she watched him down the street.— This German good humour and sudden expansiveness has always been a portentous thing to French people. Latin races are as scandalized at northern amenities, the badness of our hypocrisies or manners and total immodesty displayed, as the average man of Teutonic race is with the shameful perfection of and ease in deceit shown by the French neighbour. Kreisler, still beneath the eye of the concierge, with his rhythmic martial tread, approached the restaurant. A few steps from the threshold he slowed down, dragging his long German boots, which acted as brakes. The Restaurant Jejeune, like many others in Paris, had been originally a clean, tranquil little creamery, consisting of a small shop a few feet either way.— Then one customer after another had become more gluttonous. He had asked, in addition to his daily glass of milk, for beefsteak and spinach, or some other terrific nourishment, which the decent little business at first supplied with timid protest. But perpetual scenes of sanguine voracity—weeks of compliance with the most brutal and unbridled appetites of man—gradually brought about a change in its character.— It became frankly a place where the most carnivorous palate might be palled. As trade grew, the small business had burrowed backwards into the house—the victorious flood of commerce had burst through walls and partitions, flung down doors, discovered many dingy rooms in the interior that it instantly filled with serried cohorts of eaters. It had driven out terrified families, had hemmed the apoplectic concierge in her "loge," it had broken out on to the court at the back in shed-like structures. And in the musty bowels of the house it had established a broiling, luridly-lighted, roaring den, inhabited by a rushing and howling band of slatternly savages.— The chef's wife sat at a desk immediately fronting the entrance door. When a diner had finished, adding up the bill himself on a printed slip of paper, he paid it there on his way out. In the first room a tunnel-like and ill-lit recess furnished with a long table formed a cul-de-sac to the left. Into this Kreisler got. At the right-hand side the passage led to the inner rooms. A mind feeling the need for things clean and clear cut would have been better content, although demurring, with Kreisler's military morning suit, slashed with thick seams; carefully cut hair, short behind, a little florid and bunched on the top; his German high-crowned bowler hat, and plain cane, than the Charivari of the Art-fashion and uniform of The Brush in those about him, chiefly students from the neighbouring Art schools. He was staring at the bill of fare when some one took the seat in front of him.— He looked up, put down the card. A young woman was sitting there, who now seemed waiting, as though Kreisler might ##92 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 be expected, after a rest, to take up the menu again and go on reading it. "Have you done with—? May I—?" At the sound of her voice he moved a little forward, and in handing it to her, spoke in German. "Danke schön," she said, smiling with a German nod of racial recognition. He ordered his soup.— Usually this meal passed in surly impassable inspection of his neighbours and the newspaper. Staring at and through the figure in front of him, he spent several minutes. He seemed making up his mind. "Monsieur est distrait aujourd'hui," Jeanne said, who was waiting to take his order. Contrary to custom, he sought for some appetizing dish, to change the routine. Appetite had not woken, but he had become restless before the usual dull programme. There were certain tracts of menu he never explored. His eye always guided him at once to the familiar place where the "plat du jour" was to be found, and the alternative sweets heading the list. He now plunged his eye down the long line of unfamiliar dishes. He fixed his eye on Jeanne with indecision too, and picked up the menu. "My vis-à-vis is pretty!" he thought. "Lobster salad, mayonnaise, and a pommes à l'huile, Jeanne," he called out. This awakening to beauties of the menu brought with it a survey of his neighbour. Vaguely, she must be connected with lobster salad. How could that be? First he was surprised that such a beautiful girl should be sitting there. Beautiful people wander dangerously about in life, just like ordinary folk. He appeared to think that they should be isolated like powder magazines or lepers. This man could never leave good luck alone, or reflect that that, too, was a dangerous vagrant. He could not quite grasp that it was a general good luck and easily explained phenomenon. He had already been examined by the beautiful girl. Throwing an absent far-away look into her eyes, she let them wander over him. Afterwards she cast them down into her soup. As a pickpocket, after brisk work in a crowd, hurries home to examine and evaluate his spoil, so she then examined collectedly what her dreamy eyes had noted. This method was not characteristic of her, but of the category of useful habits bequeathed us, each sex having its own. Perhaps in her cloudy soup she beheld something of the storm and shock that inhabited her neighbour. Without preliminary reflection Kreisler found himself addressing her, a little abashed when he suddenly heard his voice, and with eerie feeling when it was answered. "From your hesitation in choosing your lunch, gnädiges Fräulein, I suppose you have not been long in Paris?" "No, I only arrived a week ago, from America." She settled her elbows on the table for a moment. "Allow me to give you some idea of what the menu of this restaurant is like." This was like a lesson. He started ponderously. "At the head of each list you will find simple dishes; elemental dishes, I might call them! (Elementalische plätter!) This is the rough material from which the others are evolved. Each list is like an oriental dance. It gets wilder as it goes along. In the last dish you can be sure that the potatoes will taste like tomatoes, and the pork like a sirloin of beef." "So!" laughed the young woman, with good German gutteral. "I'm glad to say I have ordered dishes that head the list." "Garlic is an enemy usually ambushed in gigot.— That is his only quite certain haunt." "Good; I will avoid gigot." She was indulgent to his clowning, and drawled a little in sympathy. Between language and feeding, Kreisler sought to gain the young lady's confidence, adhering conventionally to the progress of Creation. He found his neighbour inclined to slight Nature. He, too, was a little overlooked; in waiving of conventions being blandly forestalled. There was something uncomfortable about all this. He must brace himself. He realized with the prophetic logic of his hysteria, racing through the syllogisms his senses divined, sensations now anachronisms, afterwards recognized as they burst out in due course. This precocity in the restaurant took him to the solution of what their coming together might mean. One plethoric impression of her was received—although from her—instalment of a senseless generosity. She wore a heavy black burnous, very voluminous and severe; a large ornamental bag was on the chair at her side, which you expected to contain herbs and trinkets, paraphernalia of the witch, rather than powder, lip-cream, and secrets. Her hat was immense and sinuous; generally she implied an egotistic code of advanced order, full of insolent strategies. Other women in the restaurant appeared dragged down and drained of vitality by their clothes beside her, Kreisler thought, although she wore so much more than they did. Her large square-shouldered and slim body swam in hers like a duck. When she laughed, this commotion was transmitted to her body as though sharp, sonorous blows had been struck on her mouth. Her hps were long, hard bubbles risen in the blond heavy pool of her face, ready to break, pitifully and gaily. Grown forward with ape-like intensity, they refused no emotion, noisy egress if it got so far. Her eyes were large, stubborn, and reflective, brown coming out of blondness. Her head was like a deep white egg in a tobacco-coloured nest. She exuded personality with alarming and disgusting intensity. It was an ostentation similar to diamonds and gold watch-chains. Kreisler felt himself in the midst of a cascade, a hot cascade. She seemed to feel herself a travelling circus of tricks and wonders, beauty shows and monstrosities. Quite used to being looked at, she had become resigned to inability to avoid performing. She possessed the geniality of public character and the genius of sex. Kreisler was a strange loafer talked to easily, without any consciousness of condescension. Just as he was most out of his depth, Kreisler had run up against all this! It all had the mellowness of sunset, and boomed in this small alcove infernally.— By the fact of sex this figure seems to offer him a traditional substantiality. He clutches at it eagerly as at something familiar and unmetamorphosed— and somewhat unmetamorphosable— by Fate. In the first flush he revolves with certain skill in this new champ de manœuvres, executing one or two very pretty gymnastics. He has only to flatter himself on the excellent progress, really, that he makes. "My name is Anastasya," she says irrelevantly to him, as if she had stupidly forgotten, before, this little detail. Whew! his poor ragged eyelashes flutter, a cloud of astonishment passes grotesquely over his face; like the clown of the piece, he looks as though he were about to rub his head, click his tongue, and give his nearest man-neighbour an enthusiastic kick. "Anastasya!" It will be "Tasy" soon! He outwardly becomes more solemn than ever, like a merchant who sees an incredible dupe before him, and would in some way conceal his exhilaration. But he calls her carefully at regular intervals, Anastasya! "I suppose you've come here to work? " he asked. "I don't want to work any more than is absolutely necessary. I am overworked as it is, by living ##June 1, 1916 TH E EGO I ST 93 merely." He could well believe it; she must do some overtime! "If it were not for my excellent constitution—" This was evidently, Kreisler felt, the moment to touch on the heaviness of life's burden; as her expression was perfectly even and non-committal. "Ah, yes," he sighed heavily, one side of the menu rising gustily and relapsing, " Life gives one work enough." She looked at him and reflected, " What work does 'cet oiseau-là' perform?" "Have you many friends here, Anastasya?" "None.' —She laughed with ostentatious satisfaction at his funniness. "I came here, as a matter of fact, to be alone. I want to see only fresh people. I have had all the gusto and illusion I had lent all round steadily handed back to me where I come from. 'I beg your pardon! Your property, ma'am!' The result is that I am amazingly rich! —I am tremendously rich!" She opened her eyes wide; Kreisler pricked up his ears and wondered if this were to be taken in another sense. He cast down his eyes respectfully. "I have the sort of feeling that I have enough to go all round.— But perhaps I haven't!" Kreisler lingered over her first observation: "wanted to be alone." The indirect compliment conveyed (and he felt, when it was said, that he was somewhere near the frontier, surely, of a German confidence) was rather mitigated by what followed. The "having enough to go all round"; that was very universal, and included him too easily in its sweep. "Do you want to go all round?" he asked, with heavy plagiarism of her accent, and solemn sentimental face. "I don't want to be mean." His eyes struggled with hers; he was easily thrown. But she had the regulation feminine foible of charity he reassured himself, by her answer. Kreisler's one great optimism was a belief in the efficacy of women.— You did not deliberately go there—at least, he usually did not—unless you were in straits. But there they were all the time, vast dumping-ground for sorrow and affliction—a world-dimensioned pawnshop, in which you could deposit not your dress-suit or garments, but yourself, temporarily, in exchange for the gold of the human heart. Their hope consisted, no doubt, in the reasonable uncertainty as to whether you would ever be able to take yourself out again. Kreisler had got in and out again almost as many times as his "smokkin" in another sphere. Women were Art or expression for him in this way. They were Man's Theatre. The Tragedies played there purged you periodically of the too violent accumulations of desperate life. There its burden of laughter as well might be exploded.— Woman was a confirmed Schauspielerin or play-actress; but coming there for illusion he was willingly moved. Much might be noticed in common between him and the drunken navvy on Saturday night, who comes home bellicosely towards his wife, blows raining gladly at the mere sight of her. He may get practically all the excitement and exertion he violently needs, without any of the sinister chances a more real encounter would present. His wife is "his little bit" of unreality, or play. He can declaim, be outrageous to the top of his bent; can be maudlin too; all conducted almost as he pleases, with none of the shocks of the real and too tragic world. In this manner woman was the aesthetic element in Kreisler's life. Love, too, always meant unhappy love for him, with its misunderstandings and wistful separations. He issued forth solemnly and the better for it. He approached a love affair as the Deutscherstudent engages in a student's duel—no vital part exposed, but where something spiritually of about the importance of a nose might be lost; at least stoically certain that blood would be drawn. A casual observer of the progress of Otto Kreisler's life might have said that the chief events, the crises, consisted of his love affairs—such as that unfortunate one with his present stepmother.— But, in the light of a careful analysis, this would have been an inversion of the truth. When the events of his life became too unwieldy or overwhelming, he converted them into love, as he might have done, with specialized talent, into some art or other. He was a sculptor—a German sculptor of a mock-realistic and degenerate school— in the strange sweethearting of the "free-life." The two or three women he had left about the world in this way—although perhaps those symbolic statues had grown rather characterless in Time's weather and perhaps lumpish—were monuments of his perplexities. After weeks of growing estrangement, he would sever all relations suddenly one day—usually on some indigestible epigram, that worried the poor girl for the rest of her days. Being no adept in the science of his heart, there remained a good deal of mystery for him about the appearance of "Woman" in his life. He felt that she was always connected with its important periods; he thought, superstitiously, that his existence was in some way implicated with das weib. She was, in any case, for him, a stormy petrel. He would be killed by a woman, he sometimes thought. This superstition had flourished with him before he had yet found for it much raison d'être.— A rather serious duel having been decided on in his early student days, this reflection, "I am quite safe; it is not thus that I shall die," had given him uncanny coolness. His opponent nearly got himself killed, because he, for his part, had no hard and fast theory about the sort of death in store for him. This account, to be brought up to date, must be modified. Since knowing Volker, no woman had come conspicuously to disturb him. Volker had been the ideal element of balance in his life. But between this state—the minimum degree of friendship possible—a distant and soothing companionship—and more serious states, there was no possible foothold for Kreisler. Friendship usually dates from unformed years. But Love still remains in full swing long after Kreisler's age at that time; a sort of spurious and intense friendship. An uncomfortable thing happened now. He realized suddenly all the possibilities of this chance acquaintanceship, plainly and cinematographically.— He was seized with panic.— He must make a good impression.— From that moment he ran the risk of doing the reverse. For he was accustomed to act with calculation.— There he was like some individual who had gone nonchalantly into the presence of a prince; who—just in the middle of the audience— when he would have been getting over his first embarrassment—is overcome with a tardy confusion, the imagination in some way giving a jump. It is the imagination, repressed and as it were slighted, revenging itself. Casting about desperately for means of handling the situation, he remembered she had spoken of getting a dog to guide her.— What had she meant? Anyway, he grasped at the dog. He could regain possession of himself in romantic stimulus of this figure. He would be her dog! Lie at her feet! He would fill with a merely animal warmth and vivacity the void that must exist in her spirit. His imagination, flattered, came in as ally. This, too, exempted him from the necessity of being victorious. All he asked was to be her dog!—only wished to impress her as a dog! Even if she did not feel much sympathy for him now, no matter.— He would humbly follow her up, put himself at her disposition, not be exigent. It was a rôle difficult to refuse him. Sense ##94 THE EGOIST June 1, 1916 of security the humility of this resolution brought about caused him to regain a self-possession. Only it imposed the condition, naturally, of remaining a dog.— Every time he felt his retiring humbleness giving place to another sensation, he anew felt qualms. "Do you intend studying here, Fräulein!" he asked, with a new deference in his tone—hardly a canine whine, but deep servient bass of the faithful St. Bernard.— She seemed to have noticed this something new already, and Kreisler on all fours evidently astonished her. She was inclined to stroke him, of course, but at the same time to ask what was the matter. "A year or two ago I escaped from a bourgeois household in an original manner. Shall I tell you about that, Otto?" Confidence for confidence, he had told Anastasya that he was Otto. "Please!" he said, with reverent eagerness. "Well, the bourgeois household was that of my father and mother.— I got out of it in this way.— I made myself such a nuisance to my family that they had to get rid of me." Otto flung himself back in his chair with dramatic incredulity. "It was quite simple.— I began scribbling and scratching all over the place—on blotting-pads, margins of newspapers, on my father's correspondence, the wall-paper. I inundated my home with troublesome images. It was like vermin; my multitude of little figures swarmed everywhere. They simply had to get rid of me.— I said nothing. I pretended to be possessed. I got a girl-friend in Munich to write enthusiastic letters: her people lived quite near us when we were in Germany." Kreisler looked at her rather dully, and smiled solemnly, with really something of the misplaced and unaccountable pathos and protest of dogs (although still with a slavish wagging of the tail) at some pleasantry of the master.— Her expansiveness, as a fact, embarrassed him very much at this point. He was divided between his inclination to respond to it in some way, and mature their acquaintance at once, and his determination to be merely a dog. Yet he felt that her familiarity, if adopted, in turn, by him, might not be the right thing. And yet, as it was, he would appear to be holding back, would seem "reserved" in his mere humility. He was a very perplexed dog for some time. He remained dumb, smiling up at her with appealing pathos from time to time. She wondered if he had indigestion or what. He made several desperate dog-like sorties. But she saw he was clearly in difficulties.— As her lunch was finished, she called the waitress.— Her bill was made out, Kreisler scowling at her all the while. Her attitude, suggesting, "Yes, you are funny, you know you are. I'd better go, then you'll be better," was responded to by him with the same offended dignity as the drunken man displays when his unsteadiness is observed. He repudiated sulkily the suggestion that there was anything wrong. Then he grew angry with her. His nervousness was her doing.— All was lost. He was very near some violence.— But when she stood up, he was so impressed that he sat gaping after her. He remained cramped in his place until she had left the restaurant. He moved in his chair stiffly; he ached as though he had been sitting for his portrait. The analogy struck him. Had he been sitting for his portrait? These people dining near him as though they had suddenly appeared out of the ground—he was embarrassed at finding himself alone with them. They knew all that had happened, but were pretending not to. He had not noticed that they were there all around him, overhearing and looking on. It was as though he had been talking to himself, and had just become aware of it. A tide of magnetism had flowed away, leaving him bare and stranded.— He cursed his stupidity. He then stopped this empty mental racket abruptly.— Only a few minutes had passed since Anastasya's departure. He seized hat and stick and hurried up to the desk.— Once outside he gave his glasses an adjusting pull, gazed up and down the boulevard in all directions. No sign of the tall figure he was pursuing. He started off, partly at a run, in the likeliest direction.— At the Café de Berne corner, where several new vistas opened, there she was, some way down the Boulevard du Paradis, on the edge of the side-walk, waiting till a tram had passed to cross. Having seen so much, should he not go back? For there was nothing else to be done. To catch her up and force himself on her could have only one result, he thought. He might, perhaps, follow a little way. That was being done already. They went on for some hundred yards, she a good distance ahead on the other side of the boulevard. Walking for a moment, his eyes on the ground, he looked up and caught her head pivoting slowly round. She no doubt had seen him.— With shame he realized what was happening.—" Here I am following this girl as though we were strangers! This is what I began in the restaurant. I am putting the final touch by following her in the street, as though we had never spoken!" Either he must catch her up at once or vanish. He promptly turned up a side street, and circled round to his starting-point. (To be continued) ASSOCIATIONS "THE MIDDLE AGES" THE middle ages. Middle? A pause between consciousness and consciousness, between one age of individuals and another—mankind becomes conscious only through individuals. From Tiberius to the Borgia the circle is complete, but a great arc is invisible—the middle ages. We do not evolve; we gyrate. We do not create; we rearrange. The pessimism of Solomon—the pessimism of Schopenhauer. The middle ages. It is misty. There is no moon, no sun; the stars are hidden. There is only grey opaque light, indecisive. It is neither day nor night, neither dawn nor sunset; the year balances, it is either spring or autumn. The sky is pale, glaucous, flat; the earth dark, thrown up in confused masses. A fine of small ragged trees cuts vague agitated patterns of darkness on the grey heaven. A flock of sheep comes bleating through the mist, running aimlessly down the hill beside the trees. There is a faint cold wind. The lambs run with the ewes; they are grey against the dark earth. Behind them on the hill crest, dark against grey, stands, silhouetted for a moment, a tall being, clothed in a garment reaching to the knees. Male or female? Old or young? All is vague, the mist is impenetrable. Somewhere near should be a Cross: it is invisible. What hope? The being, shepherding the sheep, gives a shrill cry: Anguish or delight f Warning or greeting? Prayer or revolt? Evening or dawn? The middle ages. We also live in the first uncertain twilight of another middle age, a middle age without faith. ##June l, 1916 THE EGOIST 95 The middle ages. The world does not exist: all is formal, abstract, unnatural. The blue Mediterranean is grey; the marble temples crack, tremble, fall in hopeless ruin; the red fades from the apple and the grape shrivels; scarcely a flower blooms save the wax virgin lily; with candles men put out the sun; great roads become pilgrims' tracks; the arts languish, are proscribed, wither between ecclesiastical violence and military indifference. Hell is real. Water exists, but not to bathe in, not to be touched, drunk, worshipped: dirt is holy, and if we drink it must be our own tears, with horror and hatred for the snare of the senses. The middle ages. From the world colour has flown; beauty is vanished; the gods are dead. Yet the spirit of man labours. . . . Grey churches—for the world is grey—but tombs painted crimson and blue, with gold mosaic, for death is desirable; sacred cups of silver studded with large valueless blue stones, heavy pontifical rings and bright coloured priestly robes, for Christ is poor and needs wealth; windows in which are brought together all the colours that have faded from the world, for the heart of man is starving. Gold and crimson and blue. That which man is he worships; that which he has not he desires; that which he is ignorant of he believes. And interminable wars lacerate the earth. The middle ages. Pathological aberrations cultivated, worshipped as the symbol of god; the greatest maniac the greatest saint; the most perverted ascetic the most pleasing to god. The middle ages. Institutions not individuals. The town, the commune, the empire, the church—interminable wrangling between communal energies. Yet the individual becomes a symbol—pope, king, emperor, bishop. The arts lift their heads and moan. The symbol outweighs the institution. . . . Glitter of the new birth—shining Renaissance, dimmed how soon? Leonardo! The middle ages. A robed figure in mist, always grey mist. There are mingled vague voices, light glimmering a moment from royal armour, a bishop's crimson hat, a painted banner—confusion, an endless mysterious host moving confusedly in mist; women sobbing. A robed figure in mist, always grey mist. Richard Aldington PEDANTIC LITERALIST Prince Rupert's drop, paper muslin ghost, White torch—" with pow'r to say unkind Things with kindness, and the most Irritating things in the midst of love and Tears," you invite destruction. You are like the meditative man With the perfunctory heart; its Carved cordiality ran To and fro at first, like an inlaid and roy'l Immutable production; Then afterward "neglected to be Painful" and "deluded him with Loitering formality, Doing its duty as if it did it not," Presenting an obstruction To the motive that it served. What stood Erect in you, has withered. A Little "palm-tree of turned wood" Informs your once spontaneous core in its Immutable reduction. Marianne Moore THE STORM On the high-road The poplars are mad with terror: They strain at their roots and scream, Flinging up their white arms Towards the black sky. In the valley The trees stand motionless, With hunched-up shoulders And patient feet set close together. The heavy drops Make a dull clutter on their leaves, And the trees blink As each bullet strikes a leaf. Amy Randall IMPRESSION THROUGH Southampton marched the column's head, rhythmically swinging. With one accord all men came forth, cheered, and felt greatly. The women smiled, and from each window girls laughed garrulous. Bright handkerchiefs streamed fluttering all down the street; and strong men's faces shone against the sun. I came last of all herding the weary-footed laggardings. The crowd, chaotic gabbled disruptedly. A drunkard reeled against the door-post soddenly. The gas flare ht a dirty child a-straddle on its mother's neck, who alone shrieked, and vaguely waved a futile arm unmeaningly. B. Dobrée Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale: Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs. A Really Different Magazine THE PHOENIX MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution: The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut: All discerning people read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post: Very much alive, witty, and frequently very Irish. Troy Times: Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. Subscription - - - One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries - - $1.25 SOUTH NORWALK * - CONN. U.S.A. ##96 THE EGOIST June l, 1916 The Little Review LITERATURE, DRAMA, MUSIC, ART MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called "the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.................. Name.................................. Address................................ THE DRAMA FOR MAY OFFERS TWO PLAYS BY REMY DE GOURMONT whose dramatic work has never been accessible in English. The translation has been made by the Imagist poet, RICHARD ALDINGTON who contributes also a skilful critique of de Gourmont's work. The plays are printed by an authorization given a few weeks before the playwright's death. Alexander Bakshy, a Russian Art and Dramatic Critic, writes on "THE CINEMATOGRAPH AS ART" Mr. Charles Lemmi contributes a brilliant discussion of " THE ITALIAN STAGE OF TO-DAY " an attempt to analyse and explain the forces in the present-day Italian theatre. The Hull House Players, an organization of more than local fame, is the subject of a brief history by the founder and director, Laura Dainty Pelham. Many other articles on the current problems of the drama, reviews, and bibliographies complete the number. THE DRAMA QUARTERLY 736 Marquette Building, CHICAGO THREE DOLLARS PER YEAR TWO DOLLARS PER YEAR TO MEMBERS OF THE DRAMA LEAGUE OF AMERICA SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS PER COPY POÈMES Par ANDRÉ SPIRE Author of "Versets," "Vers les Routes Absurdes," etc. A little book of unpublished poems written just before and during the war. M. Spire has been in Nancy, near the firing-line, since August 1914 PUBLISHED BY THE EGOIST PRICE 6d NET POSTAGE Id POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (Sd. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the "Iphigenia in Aulis" of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7a. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. A Second Series will start in September. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The New FReewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 1s. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. BRUNO'S WEEKLY Published by CHARLES EDISON, son of the Inventor, and edited by GUIDO BRUNO in his Garret on Washington Square, New York Greenwich Village! A republic in the air! A gathering of constantly changing men and women that have a past or have a future, and live in both. Greenwich Village! Where genius starved and gave the world the best it had, where fortunes were squandered and fortunes made, where heavens of earthly bliss prevail and tortures of hell are suffered, where night and day ceased to be the regulating element of the world, where new ideas are developed into systems, into systems that will be overthrown to-morrow and substituted by others that will not live any longer. Pictures, Stories, Poetry, History, and Music with one purpose only, TO PLEASE YOUR EYES AND EARS SUBSCRIPTION: TWO DOLLARS A YEAR five cents per copy Printed by The Complete Press, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The New Freewoman Ltd., at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##