The Crisis . The Children's CRISIS October, 1917 President Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY DR. I. E. SPINGARN, Chairman of Board Vice-Presidents OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer ARCHIBALD H. GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DUBOIS, Director of Publi REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES cations and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST ROY NASH, Secretary JOHN E. MILHOLLAND MARY WHITE OVINGTON JAMES WELDON JOHNSON, Field Secre OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD tary NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE DIRECTORS Chicago ^ Washington New York JANE ADDAMS PROF. GEO. WILLIAM COOK REV. HUTCH1NS C. BISHOP DR. C. E. BENTLEY Brooklyn MRS. FLORENCE KELLEY Boston PAUL KENNADAY JOSEPH PRINCE LOUD DR. V. MORTON JONES CHARLES EDWARD RUSSELL DR. O. M. WALLER ARTHUR B. SPINGARN BUTLER R. WILSON Baltimore New Haven CHARLES H. STUDIN BISHOP JOHN HURST GEORGE W. CRAWFORD DR. TOHN G. UNDERHILL DR. F. N. CARDOZO Springfield, Mass. Philadelphia LILLIAN D. WAL D REV. G. R. WALLER DR. WILLIAM A. SINCLAIR WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING This is the one National Organization fighting to abolish race prejudice and discrimination in America. We need greater numbers to give us greater power. W e now have more than 8,500 active members. Will you not help to push the membership over the 10,000 mark ? Fill in the following blank today. Date , 1917. Membership Blank The Crisis is sent without further charge to members paving two dollars or more. OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD, Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I desire to become a member of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and to receive The Crisis. In payment of my dues for one year, 1 enclose dollars. Name Street . . . . Citv and State Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E BURGHARDT DU BOIS; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER Contents Copyrighted, 1917, by the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People Contents for October, 1917 PICTURE S COVER. PHOTOGRAPH FROM LIFE. By F. H. CPHOTOGRAPHS OF SIXTY-EIGHT CHILDREN. CAMP PLEASANTMEN OF THE MONTHloud.  290  296 ARTICLES A SOUTH AFRICAN RED RIDING HOOD. Selected by Monroe N. Work 287 LITTLE MOTHERS OF TOMORROW. By Felix J. Koch 289 CAMP PLEASANT 290 POEMS. By Georgia Douglas Johnson 293 A LETTER 309 DEPARTMENTS EDITORIAL 284 MEN OF THE MONTH 295 THE LOOKING GLASS 298 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 306 THE HORIZON 310 THE OUTER POCKET 318 THE CRISIS for November The November CRISIS will be Suffrage Number—Suffrage for all without distinction of race or sex. Every voter and every prospective voter should read it. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS : The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS : The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPT S and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at Mew York, New York under the Act of March 3, 1879. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE NATIONAL TRAINING SCHOOL DURHAM, N. C. Open to Students of Either Sex. It is more than a mere school. It is a community at service and uplift. Its influence is destined to be felt in all sections of the country in improved Negro community life wherever our trained workers locate. The following departments are already in successful operation: Teacher Training, Industrial, Literary, Academic and Collegiate, Commercial, Missionary, Theological, Household Economics and Departments of Music. In equipment and teaching it is not surpassed by any School for the Education of Negro Youth in the South. The next term opens Monday, October I, 1917. For catalog and detailed information, address President, JAMES E. SHEPARD, DURHAM --- NORTH CAROLINA The Agricultural and Technical College Twenty-fourth Annual Session. Fall term began Sept. 1, '17. Three Strong Departments: Agricultural, Mechanical and Academic. Short Practical Courses of Three Months; Maintained by the Governments of North Carolina and of the United States. Special training for teachers of vocational subjects. Board, Lodging and Tuition, $9.00 per Calendar Month. For Catalog and Further Information, address President Dudley, A. &amp; T. College, Greensboro, N. C. THE CHEYNEY TRAINING SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS CHEYNEY, PENNA. For reasonably mature students who have a good secondary school preparation, and who desire to become teachers, courses are offered during: the regular term in academic work, domestic science, domestic art, physical training, elementary school methods, wood and metal working, and agriculture. Board and laundry privileges for the year $100, Fall term began Wednesday, September 19, 1917. The Summer School for Teachers, from July 5 to August 2 inclusive, will this year offer primary methods, English, mathematics, history, civics and geography, plain sewing and dressmaking, raffla work and basketry, art needle work, cookery, wood and metal working, physical training, and gardening. Dormitory space is limited, and applications should be made early, Cost for the four weeks $15.00. For further Information writ© to LESLIE PINCKNEY HILL, Principal. Mention THE CRISIS THE CRISIS Atlanta University Is beautifully located in the City of Atlanta, Ga. The courses of study include High School, Normal School and College, with manual training and domestic science. Among the teachers are graduates of Yale, Harvard, •Dartmouth and Wellesley. Forty-eight years of successful work have been completed. Students come from all parts of the South. Graduates are almost universally successful. For	 farther information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, GA. Knoxville College Beautiful Situation. Healthful Location. The Best Moral and Spiritual Environment. A Splendid Intellectual Atmosphere. Noted for Honest and Thorough Work. Offers full courses in the following departments: College, Normal, High School, Grammar School and Industrial. Good water, steam heat, electric lights, good drainage. Expenses very reasonable. Fall Term Began September 19, 1917. For information address President R. W. Mc GRANAHAN KNOXVILLE, TENN. STRAIGHT COLLEGE New Orleans, La. Situated on the main thoroughfare of the largest city of the South. Thorough training in High School, Teachers' Course and College, with speoial work In Music and Manual Training. Teachers represent some of the best universities and music conservatories of the country. For	 full Information, address J. T. Cater, Registrar. TOUGALOO COLLEGE MISSISSIPPI "The best school for Negroes In the State"— Bishop Theodore D, Bratton. COLLEGE Regular Four Year A. B. Course Two Year Teacher Training Course ACADEMY Choice of Seven Courses—College Preparatory* Agricultural, Mechanical, Home Economics, Commercial, Pedagogical, Musical. Out in the country* Expenses low. Four Prize Scholarship? of $25.00 Each Offered Boys for Best Entrance Examinations to ninth Grade. For Particulars Write President W. T. HOLMES Tougaloo, Hinds County, Mississippi. Mention ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA GA College, Academy, Divinity- School An institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C. A., athletics, all live features. For	 information address JOHN HOPE, President WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas, and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gath ered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. DOGAN, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE. TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ga. Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists, trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positive Christian influence. Well equipped dormitories; sane athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College, Preparatory, Normal. Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training, Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 27, 1917. For	 further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J. S. FLIPPER, Chairman Trustee Board. TH E	 CRISIS TH E CRISIS WALDEN COLLEGE Nashville, Tenn. A classical and industrial college of the first rank. OUR AIM Christian character, loyal citizenship and education for service. LITERARY - COURSES College, normal, preparatory, musical, domestic science and art. Full commercial and business courses. A good library and reading room, a strong faculty, a beautiful campus, good board, expenses low, clean athletics. Graduates from the normal course receive State certificates without examination. School Opened September 27th Electric lights and furnace heat in all the buildings. The new Science Hall for recitation purposes has sixteen rooms, steam heat, electric lights and all modern conveniences. Come to Walden this fall and bring one student with you. For information write the President, E. A. WHITE 1870 CLARK UNIVERSITY 1917 SOUTH ATLANTA GEORGIA Most beautiful campus of 70 acres, commodious buildings with modern conveniences. High Scholarship — Talented Faculty — Well equipped library and laboratories—Literary societies—Athletics—Co-educational—Expenses very low. $100 per year of eight months will pay tuition, board, room, etc. Comfortable dormitories with steam heat and gas light. COURSES OF STUDY Domestic Science for girls, cooking, sewing, dressmaking and embroidery. Pre-Academy—7th and 8th grades. Academy—Four years with diploma. Pre-Medical—Two years above academy. College—Four years leading to A. B. degree. Normal—Five years above grades with diploma. First Semester opens October 3, 1917. HARR Y ANDREWS KINO, President. THE FLORIDA A . &amp; M . COLLEGE Tallahassee, Florida Offers long and short courses in Mechanic Arts, in Home Economics, in Agriculture, in Education and in Science. For Catalog Address NATHAN B. YOUNG, President P. O. DRAWER 524 ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls, under the direction of the Sisters of St. Mary. Address: THE SISTER-IN-CHARGE 609 N. 43d St W. Philadelphia. Pa. ADVERTISER LIVINGSTONE COLLEGE SALISBURY, N. C. A Religious Co-Educational School with a Tradition Open to All Negroes: Only Merit Counts Students come from Twenty-nine States in the Union, from Canada, Africa, the West India Islands and Central America. And Graduates Make Good. Salisbury, North Carolina, an Ideal Place for Study with a Mild, Equable Climate, Pure Water, Breezes from Pine and other Forests a Constant Tonic—the Greatest Degree of Healthfulness. New Girls' Dormitory with all Modern Conveni ences Accommodating 210 just Completed and Ready Courses of Study: Grammar School, Academy, Normal, College, Divinity, Music and Industries for Boys and Girls. Expenses Moderate. Thirty-sixth Session Opens Wednesday, October 3, 1917. For Further Information Address D. C. SUGGS, President or J. E . Aggrey, Registrar. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its'kind in the State Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Pen manship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH . COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 136th St., New York City. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W . Mottley, President THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE Fall Term opens October 1, 1917. Shorthand, typewriting, bookkeeping, business correspondence, business law, multigraphing, mimeographing, arithmetic, grammar, spelling, reading and writing. Apt students operate typewriters blindfolded accurately in two months and are able to pass Civil Service Examinations with ease in eight months. EDWAR D T. DUNCAN, President, 1227 S. 17th St., Philadelphia, Pa. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H . Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on first grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma. O. L. COLEMAN, President See the Selected List on BOOKS? the Back Cover Mention TH E CRISIS Scurlock SUFFER THE LITTLE CHILDREN TO COME UNTO ME, AND FORBID THEM NOT; FOR OF SUCH IS THE KINGDOM OF GOD,—St. Mark X: 14 THE CRISIS Vol. 14-No. 6 OCTOBER, 1917 Whole No. 84 Editorial CONSECRATION. IN the patois of his very re ligious speech the Negro is about to lose the real signi ficance of a fine word—Consecration; and back of it all a finer idea. A s it is, we have come to look upon consecration as a negative, spineless, namby-pamby thing, the incarnation of the "mustn't" idea, the fear of the "Thou shalt not." The consecration that is needed today has all the thunders of "Thou shalt." It is action, doing, deeds. Better in this awful era of bitter want that we should sin by over-action, by overdoing, rather than die by the cowardice of inertia. Look upon these little faces that broider our pages. Think of the millions that are not here—just as lovely and alluring— and remember that it is our present business to write in on the souls that look through these dark eyes wishes, wills, determinations, consecration. But consecration to what? Not to religion, because religion is a method and not a thing. Not to one particular kind of work, but rather to the work that leads to things of greatest importance, the work for which the universe today pants. That work is business, industry, the making and fashioning of things. Consecration to business must be the slogan that follows the present outburst of Hell, else civilization is doomed. The first duty of man is to earn a living. The earning of a living today is business and industry. Un less we put unselfish, consecrated men into the doing of this work, we turn it over to thieves and scoundrels. If sharpers and gamblers run the business and industry of the world, the result is the crop of mad jealousies that have made this present war. Consecration to business, then, must be the work of the future. We must go into business for our health. W e must oust the idea of selfish gain. We must try to teach the nations to earn a living by honesty, by efficiency, and along the paths of beauty. W e can do this only by means of the children. The fine ideal of the Socialistic state is absolutely impossible until we get the consecrated business man. So long as business is in the hands of social scoundrels whose business ideal is to be millionaires, just so long modern industrial organization will always find itself impossible, will always end in chaos. Lift up your heads, 0 ye gates, and let the little children enter. Children upon whose hearts we who know, we who have suffered hatred, degradation and poverty, we, the people of the future democracy, have written—Consecrated to Business. Does the ideal sound cheap? The cheapness is in your own perverted soul, O Reader. HOUSTON. IT is difficult for one of Negro blood to write of Houston. Is not the ink within the very wells crimsoned with the blood of black martyrs ? Do they not cry unavenged, saying:—Always W E pay; always W E die; always, whether right or wrong, it is SO MANY EDITORIAL 285 NEGROES killed, so many NEGROE S wounded. But here, at last, at Houston is a change. Here, at last, white folk died. Innocent, adventitious strangers, perhaps, as innocent as the thousands of Negroes done to death in the last two centuries. Our hands tremble to rise and exult, our lips strive to cry. An d yet our hands are not raised in exultation; and yet our lips are silent, as we face another great human wrong. We did not have to have Houston in order to know that black men will not always be mere victims. But we did have Houston in order to ask, Why? Why must this all be? At Waco, at Memphis, at East St. Louis, at Chester, at Houston, at Lexington, and all along that crimsoned list of death and slaughter and orgy and torture. This, at least, remember, you who jump to judgment—Houston was not an ordinary outburst. Just before the riot the acting chaplain of the regiment writes us: "The battalion has made good and all doubts as to the conduct of the Negro soldier have been dissipated. We are striving to add another page to the glorious record of our regiment." What it was they had to stand, we learn only in tortuous driblets from sources bitterly prejudiced. These facts, at least, are clear: Contrary to all military precedent the Negro provost guard had been disarmed and was at the mercy of citizen police who insulted them until blood ran. A t last, they stole their own arms and turned and fought. They were not young recruits; they were not wild and drunken wastrels; they were disciplined men who said—"This is enough; we'll stand no more!" That they faced and faced fearlessly the vision of a shameful death, we do not doubt. We ask no mitigation of their punishment. They broke the law. They must suffer. But before Al mighty God, if those guiltless of their black brothers' blood shot the punish ing shot, there would be no dead men in that regiment. A TELEGRAM. | PRESIDEN T Woodrow Wilson : Unchecked savagery at East St. Louis worst since Civil War. As it was deliberately preparing for whole month and in accord with American mob precedents and without military excuse it was worse than anything Germans did in Belgium and comparable only to Jewish pogroms of the Czar. The pretext of labor invasion from South is invalid. There is no over-supply of labor anywhere in America to-day. Massacre clearly due to efforts of the anti-Negro element of the South to check exodus of colored labor which promised to force South to suspend the reign of terror which has ruled there for half a century and to give Negroes better pay and to treat them like human beings. To check this exodus Southern anti-Negro editors have been saying that the North treats the Negroes worse than the South and have seized upon and magnified every Northern incident to prove it. This agitation has spread from St. Louis to East St. Louis. The reign of terror has passed from the South to the North, doubtless fostered by German spies who have been exposed in sev eral such enterprises. The German plot to prevent conscription of Negroes and keep large sections of American troops in America may succeed. More dangerous is the effect on revolutionary Russia, South America and Japan. The most bitter attacks of Russian ultra-revolutionists and Latin American politicians on American democracy will seem justified. The Japanese will conclude that they can expect no real friendship from a race-mad America. The international and military situation calls for immediate action. THE CRISIS There must be swift and severe punishment for the mob. But this will not suffice. There should be an immediate Presidential Proclamation that in the present military exigency the full military power of the nation will be used in the defense of the lives and liberties of our colored fellow citizens. I send this as a member of the Board of Directors of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. WILLIAM ENGLISH WALLING. P. S. A satisfactory answer was received from the President, but I confess that sufficiently vigorous action has not yet been taken by Washington, w. E. w. COLONEL YOUNG. THIS letter has come to us from a, near friend of Col onel Young and is published in the interests of truth, but without the knowledge of Colonel Young or of the writer: "In July a board met to decide on Colonel Young. In their findings they refused his making a 90 mile test ride, saying he should reserve the strength for active service before him—that the physicians waived their decision, as his case was not a normal, abnormal or subnormal but a supernormal one, and they recommended he be returned to active duty and promoted. This they read to him and told him it was not generally done, but in his case they would let him know their decision in confidence. In three days after this was sent to Washington he received orders to report to the Adjutant General of the State of Ohio for duty in raising a regiment of dismounted colored cavalry. The Adjutant General told him to make out his list of officers and submit this, giving him a day to decide. He made the list out and submitted it. Thereupon the men were sent telegrams asking would they accept. Also fifteen hundred men were gotten together. Of course, there was a howl as to officers' appointments, but while they were getting together, a telegram came from Adj.-Gen. McCan n saying: 'YOU HAVE BEEN RETIRED FROM THE REGULAR ARMY SINCE JUNE 22, and are on active duty with the Adjutant General of the State of Ohio for organizing colored regiment of dismounted cavalry.' "This date of June 22 was before the meeting of the Board, you see. Finally they turned down the Ohio regiment, saying it was not needed. Of course, that does not mean much to him, but these boys that have left their work! If he was retired, why 'active duty' and if 'active duty' why not in the regular army? No! It's a dirty black trick. The law says that an officer retired from active duty with the regular army and put on duty during the period of war WILL NOT RECEIVE A HIGHER GRADE OR PROMOTION THAN HE HAD WHE N APPOINTED. You see the dodge? If he is not fit for service, why put him immediately on active service? It's just the injustice of it all!" On reading the above letter, one of the foremost white social workers of America writes us: "Democracy is as dead as a doornail in this Pecksniff nation! "There will have to be a rebirth of the whole ideal—racial, industrial as well as political. The day of the colored races looms up, when the whites slaughter each other for years at a time. The minority which rules reduces its numbers at the same time that it acts upon the principle that numbers, wealth and violence are to rule the planet henceforth! That is sheer madness. Whom the Gods would destroy they first make mad." A SOUTH AFRICAN RED RIDING HOOD Selected by MONROE N. WORK ONC E upon a time there was a Be chuana man who had a daughter named Tselane. One day he set off with his family and flocks to seek fresh pastures; but his daughter would not go with him. She said to her mother, "I won't go. Our home is so pretty that I cannot leave it." Her mother said, "Since you are naughty you may stay here all alone. But shut the door fast, lest a Marimo (a cannibal) comes and eats you." With that the mother wen t away, but in a few days came back bringing food for the daughter. She called "Tselane, my child, Tselane, my child, take this bread and eat it." "I hear my mother speaking," said Tse lane, "like a bird com ing out of the wood." For a long time the mother brought food to Tselane. Whenever she came she would call , "Tselane, my child, take this bread and eat it." One day Tselane heard a gruff voice saying, "Tselane, my child, Tselane, m y child, take this bread and eat it." Tselane laughed and THE MOTHER GRINDShoe and swallowed it red hot. Then he came back and said in a small voice, "Tselane, my child, Tselane, my child, take this bread and eat it." Tselane thought it was her mother's voice and opened the door. The Marimo entered, put her in his sack and carried her off. Soon he felt thirsty and, leaving his bag in the care of some little girls, went to a village to get some beer. The little girls peeped into the bag. saw Tselane and ra n and told her mother, who happened to be near. Themother let her daughter out o f the bag and stuffed it, instead, with a dog, a scorpion, a snake, and bits of broken pots and stones. When the Marimo got home with his bag and opened it, intending to take Tselane out to cook and eat her, the stones bruised him, the bits of broken pots wounded him, the scorpion stung him, and the dog and snake bit him. In great pain and agony he rushed out and threw himself into a refuse heap and was changed into a tree. The bees made honey in the bark of this  CORN FOR TSELANE'S tree. In the spring the said, "That gruff voice is not my mother's. Go away, naughty Marimo." The Marimo went away. He lit a big fire, took an iron hoe, heated it red hot and swallowed it to clear his voice. Then he came back and again tried to beguile Tselane. But he could not, because his voice was still rough and harsh. The Marimo went and heated another BREAD young girls gathered the honey and made honey cakes. This bit of African folk-lore reminds us at once of two truths: first, how like the races of men areminds run in thehow peculiar andand how differentfolk. Could onetale than this? and how curiously their same direction. Second, exquisite is African genius from the ways of other conceive a more original 287 LITTLE MOTHERS OF TOMORROW F ELIX J. K OCH IT was in a quiet nook of the big play ground which surrounds the Douglass Public School on Walnut Hills—a suburb of Cincinnati—that we overheard them. "No," the teacher said, "we shouldn't make baby brother walk, if he doesn't want to. It'll hurt his legs—might even make him bow-legged for life!" Whereupon the little six-year-old, who had been helping keep eye on the infant, who sat on the edge of the wall before them (this being Saturday and the school yard a playground), waived the point before superior knowledge. Come to think of it, it was wonderful— this work of teaching the little colored mothers of tomorrow what so many, many mothers of today do not know;—just what is best for the little babe;—just how to conserve the infant for the race! Instead of the little colored girls pouting and crying at being set to mind younger brothers and sisters, Dolly is delighted now when Mother gives her charge of the cunning little baby, and lets her put into practise the lessons in the school-room the day before. Down in Cincinnati, where this unique form of endeavor is sweeping the schools by leaps and by bounds, they call it the 289 Little Mothers' Movement. The girls who constitute a Little Mothers' class wear great shield pins, almost like a policeman's badge; and even as the boy scout uniform admits the boys through police lines on certain occasions, so the little mothers are admitted where there is illness, disaster—even as their own mothers are not! "Tell us about the Little Mothers' League," we said to Dr. William H . Peters, the head of the Department of Health of the Queen City, and the prime mover in the work of organizing these leagues in the schools not long since. "Our Department of Health," he replied eagerly, "is carrying on an active campaign to prevent infant mortality. It has eight infant milk stations, where doctors and nurses are in attendance, to show mothers how to keep their babies well. There are several other milk stations maintained by private societies. In Cincinnati, a list of all the stations, or the address of the one nearest to your home, will be sent you, if you will write or telephone to the Department of Health. A t these stations pure milk for feeding babies can be bought at cost price. The Department of Health is thus doing its part toward saving the babies. But this is not quite enough! "Over and above all we can do we need the help of every mother in the city, and, in turn, of all the girls—the care-takers, so often, of younger brothers and sisters, and the mothers of tomorrow. "Hence, the forming in our schools, suburban communities, and the like, of a Little Mothers' League. Every girl who joins such a league,—we show them in the initial address made before the girls of the given school for the purpose—is given an official badge. Meetings are held every week, throughout the school year, as well as during the summer; and the members can learn all about how to keep babies well before the season's close. "Joining the league, we impress on the girls, means that a girl wishes to be helpful and have a part in the greatest service to humanity—that of life-saving. "With this talk thoroughly 'sent home' to the girls, we distribute pledge cards and ar THE CRISIS VISITING THE INIQUITY OF THE FATHERS UPON THE CHILDREN. AND UPON THE CHILDREN'S CHILDREN, UNTO THE THIRD AND TO THE FOURTH GENERATION. Exodus XXXIV:7 LITTLE MOTHERS OF TOMORROW range the time and the place for the first meeting. There the pledge cards are collected; the members elect their own president and secretary, the latter keeping the pledge cards and recording on each the attendance dates of that member. There follows, then, a short talk on the purpose of the league by the medical inspector of the district; lists of milk stations and relief agencies are distributed, and certificates of membership are made out. "Further, we then set the order of business for all meetings—call to order by the president, roll-call by the secretary, enrollment of new members, a general discussion of the previous lesson, and then a ten-minutes' talk on the subject of the lesson of the day by the inspector, or nurse. There comes, then, a demonstration, by the nurse, of the methods used in subject matter covered by the lessons, this finally closing the meeting, with motion to adjourn. "With these preparations completed, we are ready for the first lesson. The nurse, or medical inspector, is equipped with a les son sheet, as it were, giving, in topical form, the subjects to be discussed. "Lesson I, for example, is devoted to growth and development. First, under this head, is taken up the matter of weight. The average weight of the new-born baby should be about seven pounds. Normally, weight is doubled at the end of six months, up to fourteen pounds. A t the end of one year the weight should be three times as much as at birth. Under, or over-weight, on the other hand, does not necessarily mean that anything is wrong, if normal ratio of increase is maintained. "We then take up the loss of weight in the first few days of life. On the tenth day the baby should weigh as much as at birth. If the breast milk, or artificial feeding, is suited to the baby's needs, gain will be continuous. If no gain by that time, the baby should be taken to the doctor. Baby should be weighed once each week. This can be done at the infant milk stations, if not otherwise. "We pass from this to muscular development. A t three months the baby is generally able to hold up its head. At six, it sits erect, and stands with little support, or alone, at one year. Little mothers are urged not to force the baby to walk. The bones of the legs may be soft (symptoms of rachitis) and bending of the bones of the legs, with permanent deformity, may result. "From that, attention is taken to the spe cial senses—sight first of all. We show the little girls how, in early life, babies are sensitive to light and should be kept in a semi-dark room during the first few weeks; or, if taken out, should have the eyes pro tected from strong light. Sunlight should never be permitted to shine directly into the baby's eyes. "Hearing, then, is dwelt upon—how, after the first few days, the baby's hearing is particularly acute. Loud or sudden noises startle it, and, if often repeated, may cause it to become excited, or even lead to convulsions. "So, again, speech is considered. We show how a child usually begins to talk at the end of the first year. By the end of the second year, words have been learned. Speech may be delayed, but if the baby cannot talk at all at the end of the second year we emphasize it should be taken to the doctor. "Teeth make an interesting section of the first lesson. The first teeth, we tell, are twenty in number—ten each in the upper and lower jaws. They appear at about the following ages: Central incisors, 5 to 6 months; lateral, 7 to 8; first molars, 12 to 16; canines, 14 to 20; second molars, 21 to 36th month. The lower set appears, usually, before the upper set. Eruption of these teeth, it is pointed out, may cause the baby to be irritable. If it be sick and teething seems to be the cause, matters should not be neglected and a doctor should be consulted. The first teeth, we likewise urge, must be taken care of. If they are lost too soon, or decay, the jaw becomes misshapen and the second teeth come in crooked and decayed. "Finally, we show the girls what especially to notice in their babies. They should watch the posture when sleeping—how quiet—if limbs be relaxed—if sleep be peaceful, and if there be tossing about. We make them realize that respiration should be regular, easy and quiet, and that the baby should breathe through the nose. The skin should be cool, slightly moist, extremities should be warm. So, again, the facial expression should be calm and peaceful. If the baby is peaceful, it is one thing; if the baby is suffering pain, the features will contract from time to time during sleep!" TH E CRISIS CAMP PLEASANT, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA This camp, established by the Summer Outings Committee of the Associated Charities, covered three acres. It had a kitchen, dining rooms, barn, store-house, office, rest room, hospital, and thirty tents. From June 20 to August 20 it housed 427 colored mothers and children for two-week periods. The camp was supported by voluntary subscription. Mrs. Laura Bruce Glenn, whose picture is above, was the superintendent. The pictures were donated by A. N. Scurlock. Poems by Georgi a HERITAGE. HAPP Y youth in joyous laughter, Wafts me pensively alone O'er the winding way, where sorrow Claims the Mantled for her own. can hear their voices ringing Down the corridor of years, As they lift their twilight faces, Through a mist of falling tears! THE MOTHER. THE mother soothes her Mantled child With plaintive melody, and wild, A deep compassion brims her eye And stills upon her lips, the sigh. Her thoughts are leaping down the years, O'er branding bars, through seething tears, Her heart is sandaling his feet Adown the worlds corroding street. Then, with a start, she dons a smile, His tender yearnings to beguile: And God alone will ever know The acme of her utter woe! M Y BOY. I HEA R you singing happily, M y boy of tarnished mien, Lifting your limpid trustful gaze In innocence serene. A thousand javelins of pain Assault my heaving breast, When I behold the storm of years That beats without your nest. Sing! sing my lark, your matin song Of rhythmic rhapsody, Distil the sweetness of the hour, In gladsome ecstacy. . For Time awaits your buoyant flight Beyond the bar of years: Oh sing! my bonny lark, sing on! Before it melts in tears! Douglas Johnson GUARDIANSHIP. THA T dusky child upon your knee Is breath of God's eternity; Direct his vision to the height, Let naught obscure his royal right Although the highways to renown Are iron-barred by fortune's frown, 'Tis his to forge the master-key That wields the locks of destiny! HOPE. FRAI L children of sorrow, dethroned by a hue, The shadows are flecked by the rose sifting through, The world has its motion, all things pass away, No night is omnipotent, there must be day. The oak tarries long in the depth of the seed, But swift is the season of nettle and weed, Abide yet awhile in the mellowing shade And rise with the hour for which you were made. The cycle of seasons, the tidals of man, Revolve in the coil of an infinite plan, We move to the rhythm of ages long done, And each has an hour—to dwell in the sun! LET ME NOT LOSE MY DREAM. Let me not lose my dream, e'en though I scan the veil with eyes unseeing through their glaze of tears, Let me not falter, though the rungs of fortune perish as I fare above the tumult, praying purer air, Let me not lose the vision, gird me, Power that twirls thq worlds, I pray, Hold me, and guard, lest anguish tear my dreams away! 293 292 THE So endeth the first lesson! Then, week by week, the lessons continue. "The entire second lesson is given over to baths—to the value of water—and how to test it simply;—bran-baths and mustard-baths; powders to be used. Also, the matter of fresh air, indoors and out, and how the little one should be taken to the park or the playground. "Follows on that a lesson devoted to sleep and quiet. The hours of sleep; the amount of sleep; improvised beds for the poor and how, for one, a barrel hoop may be fastened over the bed, at each end, and covered with a mosquito netting. So as to hammocks, and as to feather-pillows. "Clothing and cleanliness for summer and winter, making the clothes and the variety of them, take up the fifth lesson entire. The sixth lesson, in its rote, is devoted to first care of the sick baby. Primarily, here, it is emphasized to stop all feeding, to give a dose of castor oil, and then to take the child to a doctor. 'It is easier to keep the baby well than to cure him after he is sick,' is the axiom of this hour. "A n entire lesson for little mothers goes to the subject of milk. Mothers are urged to give the babe the mother's milk, as the CRISIS natural and best food of all. Substitutes for this are discussed, preparation of cow's milk is taken up, and thus with other lac teal details. "Lesson VIII has to do with the stomach, —the amount and times of feeding, and such useful don'ts, as not to give the babe sour milk, cold milk, other food than milk or water, and particularly not such things as pickles, lolly-pops, bacon, tea, coffee, beer or ice cream! Then a return is made to milk,—the care of the milk in the home and the matter of keeping clean both bottles and nipples. Lesson X develops this still farther, going into the matter of milk modifications, preparation of barley-water and lime-water. The eleventh lesson supplements this with albumen water and other dilutents. "Finally, at the twelfth meeting, there is a quiz on the subjects covered to date, with essays written on some subjects of the course." The little girls have taken to the work with avidity, and, proud though they may be of many other things they possess, they take no more pride in any of those than they do in the small, white shield badge that proclaims them of the League of the Little Mothers! SCORE 100% AT CHEYENNE, WYO,, FIRST PRIZE, PHILADELPHIA BETTER BABY SHOW BABY CONTEST THE CRISIS CHILDREN'S CHILDREN ARE THE CROWN OF OLD MEN; AND THE GLORY OF CHILDREN ARE THEIR FATHERS.—Proverbs XVII :6 Men of the Month THE LATE P. A. PAYTON THE LATE COL. F. C. ANT0INE THE LATE H. B. FRISSELL THREE DEAD WORKERS. THE late Hollis Burke Frissell was born in Amenia, N. Y., July 14, 1851. In 1874 he was graduated from Yale, and in 1879 from Union Theological Seminary. He became assistant pastor of the Madison Avenue Church, New York, in 1880, and later was made chaplain of Hampton In stitute. He succeeded the late Gen. S. C. Armstrong as principal of Hampton Insti tute in 1893, which position he held at the time of his death. He was a member of the General Education Board and the Jeanes Board, and a trustee of several col ored schools. A simple and impressive service was held over Dr. Frissell in Hampton Institute Memorial Church and in the school cemetery, where he is buried. PHILIP A. PAYTON is dead. He was the man who took black New York out of the red light district and planted it in high, healthy, and beautiful Harlem, where the hosts of all white New York's financial Hell have not prevailed against it. Mr. Payton was born February 27, 1876, in Westfield, Mass. He was educated in the public and high schools of that town. In April, 1899, he started his career in New York City as an attendant for "penny-inthe-slot" weighing machines in a department store at six dollars a week. Later he became a barber. In February, 1900, he secured a place as porter in a real estate office at a salary of eight dollars per week. In October of that year he began his career as a real estate dealer. Mr. Payton adopted the outdoor billboard method of advertising, and his real estate advertisements were among the first to ap pear in the elevated and subway trains. He was president and treasurer of the Philip A. Payton, Jr., Company, Real Estate Agents, Brokers and Appraisers, located at 67 West 134th Street. Through the Phil-ton Holding Company, Inc., Mr. Payton recently acquired $1,000,000 worth of property in 141st and 142nd Streets, between Lenox and Seventh Avenues, for colored people— six modern elevator apartment houses, with three, four, five and six room suites. The houses have been named Attucks, Touissant, Dunbar, Wheatley, Douglass and Washington Courts. THE late Col. F. C. Antoine was born in New Orleans, La., April 10, 1839. He died April 12, 1917. At his death he was Assistant Adjutant and Assistant Quartermaster General of the Department of Louisiana and Mississippi, Grand Army of the Republic. As a tribute of respect, esteem, and honor, a squad of white soldiers from the United States Barracks, near Chalmette, attended his funeral and performed the last rites of the United States Army. Col. Antoine ' served as Recorder of Births and Marriages, was Harbormaster, and the District Superintendent of Customs THE CRISIS J. C. JORDAN ASHBY JACKSON THE MAYOR OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK, THE COMMISSIONER OF POLICE, AND OTHER PROMINENT OFFICIALS AT THE FUNERAL OF THE LATE R. H. HOLMES R. J. TAMS THE LATE S. H. JOHNSON MEN OF THE MONTH at Port Chalmette. He owned 140 acres of land in the oil region of Caddo Parish. Besides a legion of friends he leaves a devoted wife, two sons, one daughter, and his distinguished brother, ex-Lieut.-Gov. Caesar C. Antoino. FIVE PUBLIC SERVANTS. JOHN C. JORDAN was born in Wash ington, D. C, July 6, 1871. He attended the public schools of the District and completed the first year in the high school. He enlisted in the Navy at Washington, June 17, 1887, as a 3rd class apprentice, serving five years. He was then transferred to the Seaman Gunners' School, June 25, 1892, and on re-enlisting in July of that year finished the course at Washington and Newport, August 28, 1893 and received his certificate of Seaman Gunner. Mr . Jordan was retired December 7 of last year. He received six medals and the Dewey Medal, awarded by Congress. RANDOLPH JONES TAMS is the first and only colored member of the Dayton, Ohio, Fire Department. He received his appointment March 11, 1907. Mr. Tarns is a product of Harrisburg, Va. In 1887 he went to Ohio, where he worked for two families, one thirteen and the other six years, studying in his spare time. He has served eight years in the Ohio National Guard. He is now making a study of fire prevention. THE late Capt. Silas H . Johnson was appointed a member of Engine Company No. 3, Denver, Colo., in 1895. Two years later he was made captain of the company, which position he held with credit until his retirement. He died at the age of sixty-six years. Mr. Johnson served as deputy sheriff in St. Louis, Mo., for three years prior to going to Denver. He was also turnkey at the jail in St. Louis County at Clayton, Mo. ASHBY JACKSON was appointed to the Wheeling, W. Va., Fire Department February 22, 1897, and is the only colored man in this service in Wheeling. After seven years' service as a pipeman he was promoted to the position of driver, which he now holds. Mr. Jackson was born in Madison County, Va. THE late Robert H . Holmes was the sec -"- ond colored man to be appointed a policeman in New York City. He received his appointment August 25, 1913, and was connected with the 38th precinct. Mr. Holmes was born in Charleston, S. C , July 25, 1888. He attended the public schools in New York and Howard University. He was shot and killed August 6, 1917, while pursuing a colored man, Walter Hill. Police Commissioner Arthur Woods, with other officials, six police captains, two companies of patrolmen, of forty-two each, and the Police Band of forty musicians, participated in the funeral service. KIRMESSE OF SCHOOL NUMBER 17, INDIANAPOLIS, IND The Looking Glass LITERATURE. FROM Clement Woods' "Glad of Earth": On the hill above, I dimly saw a stooped black figure, Faint in the moonlight; Some simple-hearted Negro patriarch Leaning on a shadowy hickory-stick, Singing that old-time song. A thin chain of golden light Stole from the star to the toppling moon, And it began to swing Like some huge censor swung by the unseen angel of the dawn; It swung from the East down to the hill top, Then back again, this chariot moon. . . . And I saw the stooped black figure no more, But still from some far height I heard that old-time Negro melody: "Swing low, sweet chariot, Comin' for to carry me home." t The Negro Library which has found a home in the rooms of the Abolition Society, London, though still small, is representative. It was founded last year for the purpose of bringing together in London, in an accessible form, literature of Negro authorship and reliable information on the progress, so remarkable in all ways, made by American Negroes during their first! half-century of freedom. The books havel been presented by American and English friends who, realizing the general ignorance prevailing in England (even in the educated and cultured class) of Negro life and conditions in America, hoped by this means to evoke, with wider knowledge, increased sympathy with dark-skinned Americans now our Allies in this great World War. The Society has warmly co-operated with the founders of the Negro Library by throwing open its own valuable library to the public on the same terms, viz., free issue of volumes for a month to any responsible person desirous of borrowing them. The August North American Review has an article on "Lynching and Race Relations in the South," by Thomas Walker Page. It is hardly worth reading. On the other hand, "Si Mutare Potest Aethiops Pellum Suam," by the editor of Smart Set, in his September number is altogether delicious. To prove himself a Southern "Gentleman" he intersperses his article prodigally with "nigger," "darkey," and "coon." But he has undoubtedly seen a vision and declares concerning the Ne gro: There will come a morn, believe me or not, when those with ears to hear and hides to feel will discover that he is to be boohed and put off no longer—that he has at last got the power to exact a square answer, and that the days of his docile service as minstrel, torch and goat are done. When that morn dawns, I pray upon both knees, I shall be safe in the Alps, and not below the Potomac River, hurriedly disguised with burnt cork and trying to get out on the high gear. Soon or late, I agree with William Archer (see his "Through Afro-America," 1910) it will come to rough work—and perhaps sooner than most of us fancy. The Southerners, even the honest ones, have botched the business abominably, and unless Providence intervenes with a miracle I suspect that it will jolly well botch the South. Then Mr. Mencken gets down to facts and refers to two Southern States. He recalls Virginia of other days: Well, observe Virginia today. It is years since a first-rate man has come out of it; it is years since an idea has come out of it. The ancien regime went down the red gullet THE LOOKING GLASS I HAVE SAID, YE ARE GODS; AND ALL OF YOU ARE CHILDREN OF THE MOST HIGH. —Psalms LXXXII:6 300 THE of war; the poor white trash are now in the saddle. Politics in Virginia are cheap, ignorant, parochial, idiotic; there is scarcely a man in office above the rank of a petty job-seeker; the political doctrine that prevails is made up of hand-me-downs from the bumpkinry of the Middle West—Bryanism, prohibition, vice crusading, all that sort of claptrap; the administration of the law is turned over to professors of Puritanism and espionage; a Washington or a Jefferson, dumped there by some act of God, would be denounced as a scoundrel and jailed overnight. Elegance, esprit, culture'.' Virginia has no art, no literature, no philosophy, no mind or aspiration of her own. Her education has sunk to the Baptist seminary level; not a single contribution to human knowledge has come out of her colleges in twenty-five years. He then turns to the Empire State of the lower South: Georgia is not only ignorant and stupid; it is vicious. A self-respecting and educated European, going there to live, would not only find intellectual stimulation utterly lacking; he would actually feel a certain insecurity. The Leo Frank affair was no isolated phenomenon, no accident; it fitted into its frame very snugly; it was a natural expression of Georgian ideas of the true, the good and the beautiful. There is a state with more than half the area of Italy and more population than either Denmark or Norway, and yet, in thirty years it has not produced a single first-class book or picture or poem or scientific discovery or political or philosophical idea, or other sound contribution to human advancement. If it had been destroyed by an earthquake in 1875, the world would be exactly where it is today. Al l this revelation of the white South by a white Southerner is built around a review of two books: Paul Kester's "His Own Country," reviewed in the September CRISIS, and James Weldon Johnson's "Autobiography of an ex-Colored Man." By an unfortunate error the poem in the September Crisis, "Black Sampson at Brandywine," was not attributed to its author, Paul Laurence Dunbar, nor was it stated that it was taken from the copyrighted edition of his poems, published by Dodd, Mead &amp; Company. EAST ST. LOUIS. AY S the Springfield, Mass., Republican: A certain reluctance on the part of the press to discuss the depressing and abominable race riots in East St. Louis is not a cause for surprise. Just as America was speeding up its noble and ideal effort to promote the world drift toward democracy, out walked the national skeleton from its closet and paraded before all the world the special weakness that our democracy has CRISIS developed. . . . It is unpleasant to be re minded of such abysmal deeds of American savagery as the burning alive of human beings at the stake—for they make one shudder for his country—but we cannot escape their consequences, however much we may try to forget them and however persistently and complacently we may look the other way. But if there were not a single black man in this hemisphere, American democracy would still embarrass us occasionally by parading its weakness before the exemplars of civilization in both the Occident and the Orient. Democracy is weak when it is lawless and unrestrained. America is often lawless and unrestrained, making of authority and the established safeguards of social order a hideous mockery. The Great Falls, Mont., Daily Tribune writes: The details of the doings of mobs of infuriated white -men and white women in East St. Louis, which are brought to us in recent Associated Press dispatches, are both startling and horrifying. We have been inclined to disbelieve some of the tales of atrocities committed by the German troops in Belgium on helpless women and children, because they were so shocking that we could hardly believe it possible that civilized beings could be guilty of such conduct. But when we read that a mob of white men and women tore the clothes from an eighteen-year-old colored girl who had done nothing but wear a skin pigmented by the Creator with a different tint from their own, struck her on the mouth with a club when she protested her innocence of any wrongdoing and chased her half naked and bleeding through the streets of an American city, we confess that we are. so ashamed that we have not the gall to say what we think about Belgian atrocities. The Boston Journal adds: Let's be honest; let's not turn our backs on our own failings while we rush to chastise the sins of Europe. Let us confess that we have in this country a condition which is not equaled in all the world outside of unspeakable Turkey. Let us recall that the Negro's status has been steadily slumping in recent years, and especially since the South arose to legislative and appointive power during the present administration. Even the South is not given up wholly to glee. The Memphis Commercial Appeal says: It will not do in considering the East St. Louis tragedy for the Southern people to cry tu quoque to their Northern neighbors. We cannot justify the commission of crime in the South by pointing to the fact that the same crime is committed in the North. The tragedy of East St. Louis not only beshames that city and the state of Illinois, but is a disgrace to the whole country. It shows how thin is the veneer of our civilization. THE LOOKING GLASS ABE YE NOT AS CHILDREN OF THE ETHIOPIANS UNTO HE, 0 CHILDREN OF ISRAEL? SAITH THE LORD. HAVE I NOT BROUGHT UP ISRAEL OUT 0F THE LAND OF EGYPT» —Amos IX:7 302 THE The Houston, Tex., Post says: To have this shameful spectacle of sav agery raging in the heart of the country at a time when the nation is giving vent to the loftiest purposes which can animate it is peculiarly humiliating. The Boston Transcript says: Our professed purpose in this war, to make the world safe for democracy, will be come as sounding brass and a tinkling cym bal, if we do not make our own country safe for our own citizens to enjoy their legal rights and suppress and promptly pun ish all outbursts of barbarism. Two strong words from the young Negro have been printed. One by Benjamin Brawley in the Boston Transcript says: Until such fundamental wrongs are righted we cannot expect to have the coun try or the victory that we wish. The Negro is not quite satisfied with the prospect of a "future equitable settlement of all griev ances." That settlement becomes a less and less vivid future condition. Day after day new insults are added and new riots toler ated ; and we ask that these be stopped be fore there be any more criticism of our loyalty. The other word is from Jessie Fauset in the Survey: We are becoming fatalists; we no longer expect any miraculous intervention of Providence. We are perfectly well aware that the outlook for us is not encouraging, but we know this, too, it is senseless to suppose that anarchy and autocracy can be confined to only one quarter of a nation. A people whose members would snatch a baby because it was black from its mother's arms, as was done in East St. Louis, and fling it into a blazing house while white furies held the mother until the men shot her to death —such a people is definitely approaching moral disintegration. Turkey has slaughtered its Armenians, Russia has held its pogroms, Belgium has tortured and maimed in the Congo, and today Turkey, Russia, Belgium are synonyms for anathema, demoralization and pauperdom. We, the American Negroes, are the acid test for occidental civilization. If we perish, we perish. But when we fall, we shall fall like Samson, dragging inevitably with us the pillars of a nation's democracy. Perhaps the most significant comment comes from the Columbia, S. C , State: The infamous treatment to which Negroes have lately been subjected in Northern States is disheartening to all friends of law and decency in the South. CHESTER. THE Chicago Herald writes: Through the old green hills of the Quakers in Pennsylvania Negroes are fleeing just as they fled sixty years ago. Then they were fleeing from Southern persecution, fleeing into the friendly arms of the CRISIS abolitionists. Now they are fleeing from the sons and grandsons of the abolitionists into the haven of the South. Modern Chester boils out of its smoky limits and persecutes a race which old Chester risked its liberty to succor. The Philadelphia Record says: Chester's troubles do not lend themselves easily to analysis, but there is one point that is very clear: The fault does not lie all on one side. If Negroes have been at tacked they have provoked such action, and they have been quick on the trigger, as the list of the killed and wounded shows. It has been the misfortune of our neighbor to be cursed for years by one of the most un scrupulous Republican rings in the country, the principal supports of which are the solid Negro vote and the liquor interests. This abhorrent combination has degraded political life for a long period, and has naturally aroused much local antagonism. When to this factor is added the arrival of many unruly Negroes from the South, who have been anything but a welcome ele ment in the industrial population, it can be seen that the situation is one that. gives itself to possible disorder. To this R. R. Wright, Jr., of the Christian Recorder replies: My own conviction is that these disturbances are not started by Negro immigrants. I think we must do everything in our power to curb the worst element of our race, but he must remember that there is another worst element which has not been reported. No gang of bad Negroes has invaded white neighborhoods and burned white people's homes and tried to kill out white people. But it is reported all over the country such gangs of white men, coming into colored neighbor-hoods and burning out colored people's homes and trying to kill out colored people. If the white people would hold in check their bad element there would not be these disturbances. These people are coming here for honest living, and while there are bad elements among us, they by no means predominate. The papers have not always told the truth. The first report of the killing of that young man in Chester was that he was protecting his sister from insult from Negroes, but investigation has shown no Negro insulted his sister, but he insulted a Negro woman. • HOUSTON. THE Buffalo Express says: This 24th infantry is one of the oldest Negro regiments in the army. It was organized soon after the close of the Civil War and it has a splendid record of service in the Indian wars and the Philippines. Some years ago a portion of it was sta tioned here at Fort Porter. No more orderly soldiers ever were quartered there. The Shreveport, La., Journal is explicit and frank: The swaggering of a Negro trooper in THE LOOKING GLASS uniform is not a thing to be desired or to be suffered silently. The St. Louis Post Dispatch adds: The attitude of the Houston force toward the soldiers seems to have been the narrow, stupid, provincial attitude typical of police towards Negroes in Southern towns. The Brooklyn Eagle writes: Race prejudice, race hatred, show their ripened fruits when strong men of the race that has been looked down upon, armed with modern weapons and filled with deep resentment for the past, face what they regard as wrongs and what they know are insults from men not so well armed of the race that regards itself as the superior one. Al l the lynchings, all the burnings at the stake, all the outrages of the past were in the minds of those Negroes at Houston. Passions, unrestrained by sense, worked themselves out. Just punishment will follow. "Whoso sheddeth man's blood, by man shall his blood be shed" is a good text. Every participant in this rioting deserves death. That was equally true of every participant in every bit of mob-murder done against Negroes in Georgia, in Texas and elsewhere. If the penalty had been inflicted, race bitterness would have been a thing of the past long ago. Financial America, New York City, says: We may have much sympathy for the Southern white. But we would have more sympathy for the Southern white if the South showed real American spirit at the present time. No section of America has made so poor a response to the call for volunteers for the army as the South. The State of South Carolina was particularly bad, yet Governor Manning of that State and Senators Tillman and Smith protest against Negro soldiers having a camp in that State. Here we have the spectacle of a State failing to furnish its quota of men to serve the nation's cause in war and the highest ranking three men of the State voicing their indignation that men who have offered their services to fight for the liberty of America should sully the sacred soil of South Carolina by their presence. It is not a crime to be black. The man whose skin is black but who offers his life in defense of America is a better American than any white man, high-born or low-born, rich or poor, who is too much of a coward to fight for the land of his birth or his adoption. The Negro question would have been far closer to settlement today if the Southerner had been just to the Negro. This does not mean that he had to accept the Negro on terms of social equality or anything like that. It means that the mass of Southerners have looked upon the blacks as little better than animals, have treated them as such, and have kept alive the racial antipathies of Civil War or earlier days. It means that the South has been prone to believe ill of the Negro rather than good and that spur has been given to the vices of the Negro rather than to try to make good citizens out of him or endeavor to cultivate his virtues. Even the New York Times acknowledges that: Colored soldiers can not and should not be treated differently from white soldiers. . . . The Houston offenders will be punished, of course, and it will be well if those who deliberately incited the riot receive their just share of the punishment. The Buffalo, N. Y., Times has this strong word: And yet stay a moment! What was done as regards chastening those who were guilty of perpetrating the East St. Louis seditious riots? Absolutely nothing. Though the reasons at bottom may differ, the white murderers of East St. Louis are just as criminally vicious and despicable in their methods as the Negro soldiers of Houston. The in-born feeling of racial hatred that permeates the South is not sufficient to condone either the white or the black. In the eyes of the law there should be no discrimination in favor of one color over the other. Before sentence is passed upon the soldiers, let the rioters of Illinois be judged and condemned. Now above all other times should we practice "equality before the law." SILENT MR. WILSON. IT would not seem to require much urging to persuade a President to "speak some public word that will give hope and encouragement" to the American Negro, but Woodrow Wilson's attitude toward the race has thus far been outwardly so unsympathetic that only his utterance of the word will dispel doubt of his willingness to say it. —New York Evening Post. The mere fact that Mr. Wilson was Southern born and bred would lend exceptional weight to his personal intervention in the race question.—Springfield, Mass., Republican. I wonder if he ever thinks that he can convince the world that America really stands for humanity so long as he never raises his voice in behalf of the down-trodden people of his own country. I wonder if he ever thinks of the State governments of the South, many of them more despotic than any in Europe; of the thousands of American citizens deprived of the right of suffrage, guaranteed them by the Constitution of their country; of the Jim Crow cars, segregation acts, and other hardships heaped upon a defenseless people without cause. I wonder what he thinks of the affair at Memphis when people came from miles around to see a poor wretch burned to death.—Correspondent in New York Evening Post. The wonder is that a man so able as President Wilson, and at the same time sincere, can be so keen for justice and humanity and righteousness in all quarters outside the boundaries of the United States, THE CRISIS VERILY I SAY UNTO YOU, EXCEPT YE BE CONVERTED AND BECOME AS LITTLE CHILDREN, YE SHALL NOT ENTER THE KINGDOM OF HEAVEN St. Matthew XVIII:3 THE LOOKING GLASS and so blind, or at least so silent, in regard to the violation here at home of these great rules of public conduct—Hartford, Conn., Courant. It is hard to dispute the statement of Secretary Tumulty made when a number of representative colored men called at the White House the other day that President Wilson said he was too busy to have his time broken into by the delegation. It is also hard to believe that President Wilson, busy man that he is these times, made the statement attributed to him.—Providence, R. I., News. The appeal of the New York committee of colored people to the President and Congress on behalf of our colored fellow-citizens cannot be read without a deepened sense of the gravity and rightfulness of its plea. That the President has not of his own initiative given public expression of sympathy with victims of mob violence in Illinois and Pennsylvania and has made no such sign as he was quick to show by way of protest against action inimical to federal authority in Montana, makes it the more imperative that he should leave the nation in no uncertainty as to his attitude on the subject of race violence.—Christian Register, New York. The Negro population of the country is making no excitement about it, but it evidently feels the neglect of President Wilson to make any protest whatever against the treatment of black Americans by whites either in the North or the South. In view of the fact that while he was campaigning for the presidency he promised faithfully to treat the Negroes like other citizens they had a right to expect of him equal treatment before the law. As a matter of fact he has not since he became President shown any public sense of their wrongs or proposed any plan for the remedying of the political and economic injustice done them.—Watertown, N . Y., Times. The attitude of the President of the United States towards the Negro is similar to that of Senator Tillman and Senator Vardaman. He is not so frank in his antagonism, but he is quite as effective in his acts. He holds the Southern opinion of the Negro's place in society, and by his reticence, if not by his words, he makes it the official government opinion.—Syracuse, N. Y., Post-Standard. Your constructive opportunity is now at hand. The time has come to make lawlessness a national issue, as a war measure if not from any higher consideration. As a patriotic and military necessity, I suggest that you ask the Congress of the United States to invest you with the power to prevent lynching and to quell lawlessness and violence in all parts of the country during the continuance of the war. Or at least you might quicken the conscience of the nation by a stirring message to Congress calling attention to this growing evil which is gnawing at the vitals of the nation.—Open letter of Kelly Miller. A HERO. THE New York American publishes the following story of heroism in the War Transport Service: There were white men and Negroes on the lifeboat, and the struggle quickly became a race battle. White men tried to pull their fellows up on to the boat and shove the Negroes off, and the Negroes did the same. A man stood as much chance of stopping it as he did of pushing over the Rock of Gibraltar—at least, that is the way it seemed, until one Negro, a horseman named Green from Newport News, rose so far above the ruck of humanity about him that he turned the brutal, fighting tumult into men again. He restored democracy on the bottom of that lifeboat. A few of us had kept cool enough to lie quietly on the overturned craft, trying to talk the others into manhood once more, but we might as well have ordered the sea to become calm. Al l of a sudden something hit me in the back of the head. Something else grabbed me under the shoulders, and I found myself in the water. The blow on the head had nearly stunned me, and I was just able to flounder around enough to keep afloat. Suddenly I felt a body bump against me, and saw the big black face of the Negro, Green, right beside my own. I went mad. I thought he was going to drown me, to make one less white man in the beastly fight for life that was still raging. I would have struck at him, but my arms would not work. As though in a dream, I felt his arms slip under my shoulder. "You'll be all right, boss," he said, and struck out for the lifeboat, keeping my head above water. He put me with my hands on the edge and swam off again. White men on the boat's bottom pulled me out of the water. Presently the Negro returned with another white man in his arms. This man also was pulled on to the boat. Next time the big black returned he had one of his own race. By then, I was strong enough to help pull the rescued Negro on board, and some of the other white men, who had seen Green save two of us, fought their own men off when they tried to throw the rescued black back into the water. Three times more, Green returned to the lifeboat, each time supporting the head of a drowning man, black Negro and white alike. One by one, those of us on the boat and around it, began to fight, not for places, but to subdue those who were trying to save themselves by drowning others. It was the heroism of this big Negro from Newport News which redeemed the disgraceful conduct of the men in the capsized boat. For an equivalent act in the trenches, men are decorated, but Green was only a horseman. I never even saw the story of his bravery published. National Association for the Ad vancement of Colored People OUR CHILDREN. By CARRIE W. CLIFFORD HE Juvenile Department of the N. A. A. C. P. has for its primary purpose the instilling into the minds of colored youth the fundamental principles of that highly significant legend, LIBERTY, FRATERNITY, EQUALITY. Its function is to teach the young people that all the races of mankind are one: to relate this group— which is constantly separated, segregated and divided from its fellowmen—to the human family; to bring these children to a vivid realization of the brotherhood of man, so that this term shall remain no longer an abstraction, but become a burning truth. "How can we best accomplish this end?" is the question with which we are now struggling. While seeking for the answer, we have busied ourselves with such enterprises and efforts that seemed promising, as lay within the realm of possible achievement. Our first effort was to give the juniors a living example of a dark man, reading from Shakespeare and the poets, with all the beauty of articulation that any interpreter of literature is able to put into his work, no matter how white his skin may be. Our second attempt was a large open meeting where the children themselves read or recited "gems" from the writings and speeches of our own best thinkers. A t this meeting also were organized ten chapters, each with an adult sponsor. Miss Charlotte E. Hunter has done excellent work with her group, known as the William Lloyd Garrison Chapter, which gave the first five dollars from the children to the Anti-Lynching Fund. A pilgrimage to Cedar Hill, the home of Frederick Douglass, was our next attempt to inculcate lessons of race pride and appreciation. We presented a race play written by Miss Hallie E. Queen called "Fulfilment," in one scene of which we see the parents actually forming a branch of the N. A. A. C. P. and explaining to the children why. The moral influence of this play on the children was marked. This year a playlet called "Tradition" was staged with great success. Here the traditions of the South coming into conflict with the traditions of the North bring the play to an interesting-climax. Of the seven characters in the play, all were school people, five of the roles being played by juniors. Miss Elizabeth Browne, who took the leading part with distinction, is only sixteen years old. The proceeds went to the Public School Playgrounds fund. MISS ELIZABETH BROWNE. The year's work closed with a public meeting, this being a testimonial of appreciation to Mr. Archibald H. Grimke from the young people for his invaluable and untiring services to the race. The programme of music, orations and recitations was given by the children, and during the evening checks were presented to Mr. Grimke to be forwarded to headquarters in New York for the Anti-Lynching Fund. So much for achievement! Dare we report to you briefly of our dreams? A children's magazine, where juveniles may send stories, drawings, charades, puzzles, etc., and to which grown-ups may also contribute whatever will help us reach the goal of race unity. The life story of the colored American is truly so marvelous that 306 N. A. A. C. P. it can be woven into stories more fascinating and entertaining than any fairy-tale it has ever entered into the mind of man to conceive. We hope to induce our writers to work up these lives in the form of fairy stories so that they will be interesting to the children and informing as well. Another idea is to gather and preserve the folk-tales of the race. A number of games have been prepared which are designed to bring to the juveniles the wealth of information concerning the race, and in a most entertaining form. It is through story-telling, games, recitations and periodicals that we hope to awaken in the children race consciousness and race pride. Al l of these dreams will need money to help make them into realities. If you are a parent, a teacher; if you are interested in the future of your child, of your race, will you not help us toward the realization of these dreams? QUITTING. ON June 18 a letter was received by the N. A. A. C. P. from a young man in a prominent middle western city. The letter stated that the writer had passed the examinations for an interneship in the hospital of his city and had received an appointment; but that fourteen of the white internes had struck when he went to take his place among them. In consequence, the Board of Health had removed him. He appealed to the N. A. A. C. P. to secure his reinstatement. A t much sacrifice of time and personal convenience, the Association through its Branch in the middle western city, secured the reinstatement of the young man by the Board of Health—a signal triumph. It notified the youth that he could continue at the hospital. And then, his position assured, the young man decided that life would be too disagreeable for him among his white co-workers, and resigned his interneship. I personally do not wish to pass judgment upon this doctor. The battle before him unquestionably required far more courage than the battle before the young soldiers who are going into the trenches. But this I do wish to say, the N. A. A. C. P. cannot and will not any longer take up cases of this sort unless they are assured of the staying powers of the man or woman discriminated against. This is not the first time that our organization has spent time and money, that its members have subjected themselves to possible insult, to secure justice for someone who had not the intensity of purpose to profit by the victory secured. We know that it seems to some of our members that to get rights on the statute books is enough. They want to know that they can do a thing, though they may never exercise their right. But we would ask them not to appeal to us in such cases. To be an aggressive power we must concentrate on definite fighting issues, and we must have fighters back of us. Only thus can we appreciably overcome the evil of race prejudice in the United States. MARY WHITE OVINGTON, Acting Chairman. CORRESPONDENCE FROM THE TWEN TY-FOURTH INFANTRY. WE are sure that Association members and all readers of THE CRISIS will be interested in the following letters from men of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, recently stationed at Houston, Texas, and sent us before the recent outbreak. Columbus, New Mexico, July 15, 1917. Gentlemen: Realizing the destitute condition of members of our race in St. Louis, Mo., resulting from the recent riot, we have formed ourselves into a relief committee to work in our regiment soliciting aid for the refugees. Said aid to be a charitable gift in expression of our deep and heartfelt sympathy. We have already begun collecting and are doing nicely. It is the wish of the committee that you, THE CRISIS, receive and dispose of this fund for us. THE CRISIS is held in very high esteem by the men of the 24th Infantry and we are always glad when it comes. This committee voices the sentiment of the entire enlisted command when it prays for you unlimited success in your noble fight for manhood rights for our people. You are remembered by us for your incessant and untiring fight for the TRAINING CAMP at Des Moines. We desire more publicity in these trying times when we believe that the hour has truly come when the Son of man is to be glorified. We stand upon the same platform as you and fight for the same principles. We further desire to aid you in any way that we can. Call upon us and even before you call we will answer. We want to become members of the N. A. A. C. P. TH E CRISIS The aforesaid fund will be forwarded to you as soon as it reaches the desired amount. At present we will not mention the amount we are trying to raise. Trusting that we shall hear from you by return mail, We are, Yours for the race, Committee: George A. Singleton, Chairman. Thos. E. Davis, Secretary. Vida Henry, Treasurer. Columbus, New Mexico, July 15, 1917. Gentlemen: This letter informs you that even out here on the arid desert of New Mexico there are a few names that have not been defiled, "and they shall walk with me in white, for they are worthy." I have been a constant reader of TH E CRISIS for many years and admire the fearless way in which you have handled issues affecting the race. TH E CRISIS is the criterion of race champions. Your humble servant is working arduously here in interest of the East St. Louis Refugee Fund. So far success has been ours. The men are interested and I am almost assured that our little contribution will be quite a surprise to our unfortunate neighbors. We have some good men here; we have men with brilliant minds. Some of them will make good officers. Your humble servant is now awaiting orders pertaining to his application for commission. The authorities are willing and glad to help us advance ourselves. It is only a matter of time. Each time I read an issue of TH E CRISIS I receive encouragement. So far, I have forged ahead without aid from any source and, at last, I feel that my life of sacrifice is about to be rewarded. I will appreciate a letter of encouragement from you at any time and in turn I want to make my company and regiment members of the N. A. A. C. P. Yours for the race, George A. Singleton, R. A. R., Co. "I," 24th Inf., U. S. A. Later we received letters stating that the regiment had been split up into three parts; the first battalion going to Waco, the second to Deming, and the third to Houston. This splitting up of the regiment made the collection of the promised contribution more difficult than it would have been had the men remained together at Columbus; how ever, the earnestness of the men of the 24th is attested by the following letter: Houston, Texas, July 30, 1917. Gentlemen: You will please find enclosed a check to the amount of $105.60 on the East St. Louis Refugee Fund. Another additional contri bution will be forwarded in the near future. The Third Battalion of the 24th Infantry has been stationed here for nearly a month, performing the duty of guarding the cantonment which is in process of construction. The battalion has made good and all doubts as to the conduct of the Negro soldier have been dissipated. The people of color of Houston are proud of their brother soldiers and have opened wide their homes and churches, and have welcomed us with a generous hospitality which portrays the high respect which our people have for our government. We have had no riots and no disturbances of any kind that are alarming, and we are glad that the reported trouble in Waco is not so serious as reported and as printed in some of our papers. We are affiliating with the people and are striving to add another page to the glorious record of our regiment. We are ready and stand waiting for the summons for us to board the train for BERLIN. Yours truly, George A . Singleton, Acting Chaplain, 3rd Bn., 24th Infantry, Houston. On August 25, the following letter dated at Houston, August 21, was received: Gentlemen: I have worked under adverse circumstances since taking the relief fund for the St. Louis refugees in charge. Soon as I started it in Columbus, New Mexico, the regiment was split up and sent to different parts of Texas. After arriving here my duties became tripled, and in the meantime the increased expense of living in a city caused most of my men to become embarrassed to the extent that I deemed it unwise to press my project, but await until a more favorable time. I am still working, however, and will continue until I accomplish my task. I have to date collected from Co. "I," 24th Infantry $25.00 Co. "E, " 24th Infantry 106.00 Co. "L, " 24th Infantry 16.00 A LETTER 	309 Find enclosed check for $16; the $106 were forwarded to you by Captain J. A. Hattie. The twenty-five dollars from Co. "I," 24th Infantry, will be forwarded soon as I can arrange to do so. You might pub lish the entire amount, as the men who stood by me are very anxious to know the results of the little campaign. Yours respectfully, George A . Singleton, NEW BRANCHES. SINCE the last summary was published, the following is the list of new branches, with the number of members, that have been organized: New Haven, Conn	 114 New Bedford, Mass	 53 Macon, Ga	 34 Syracuse, N . Y	 31 Moline, Ill 25 There	 are now 89 branches in the Asso ciation with an active membership of nearly 8,600. WORK OF THE ST. LOUIS BRANCH. IMMEDIATELY after the East St. Louis massacre, the St. Louis Branch set to work and raised the sum of $973. This sum A L E Hagerstown, Md. EAR EDITOR: Madam Marion Adam Harris asked me to write to you and tell you about myself. Well, I am a little girl six years old. I was six years old Sept. 24, 1916. I can read and write. I began attending school Sept. 5, 1916. My mother and father taught me my letters when I was three years old. When I was four, I could read well in the first reader, and make all the •letters	 and figures, and count a hundred by 1, by 5, and by 10. I entered school in the second grade; I am now getting along nicely in my studies. I have a little sister four years old, who knows her a, b, c's, but is not so fond of her books as I am. She likes to help mother work. She must have her needle when mamma is sewing, and her little cooking vessels when mamma is cooking, and her little iron when mamma is ironing, and works right along with mamma. Your	 little friend, Marion Gladys Cothran. P. S.—What do you think of my little sister? of money has been and is being used to aid the refugees and to gather evidence against the rioters. The St. Louis Branch has also undertaken to defend certain colored people who have been arrested and charged with being guilty of rioting but whom the officers and Executive Committee of the Branch believe to be innocent. The Chicago Branch contributed $200 to the General East St. Louis fund. CONTRIBUTIONS FROM OTHER ORGANIZATIONS. OT only has the Association received a substantial contribution from men of the 24th Infantry, but several of the great fraternal organizations of the race have recently written letters commending the work that the Association is doing and sent along with these letters a contribution. The first to contribute were the Knights of Pythias of Illinois, who sent a check for $100, through Dr. A. A. Wesley, and the F. and A. Masons of Colorado, who sent a check for $50. The co-operation and support of such organizations is of the utmost significance. T T E R MARION AND SISTER The Horizon MUSIC AND ART. A NOTABLE concert was given in the Auditorium—Armory on August 14 at Atlanta, Ga., for the benefit of the Y . M. C. A. before an audience of 4,000 people. The program was given by a united chorus from twenty-eight different churches, the members of which were trained and conducted by Mr. Kemper Harreld, Director of Music of Morehouse College. Mr. Harreld deserves great credit for the remarkable results gotten from the forces. Selections were given from Rossini and Haydn, Will Marion Cook and R. Nathaniel Dett. The assisting artists were, Miss Anna Massey, soprano, Mr. W. J. Trent, tenor, and Mr. Fred Hall, pianist. 0 Miss Lola Johnson, instructor of public school music at the Normal School, Washington, D. C , completed the four season summer course of Public School Supervisorship in two sessions at Cornell University. Miss Johnson has also enjoyed private vocal instruction under the well-known teacher of voice, Helen Allen Hunt of Boston, Mass., and Ithaca, N . Y . (] Riccardo Stracciari, baritone, newly engaged for the Chicago Opera Company, sang Burleigh's "The Young Warrior" before 5,000 soldiers at Camp Edge, at a "Sing" given for them in August at their New Jersey military quarters. d The members of the reserve officers' training camp at Ft. Des Moines gave a fine presentation of Afro-American melodies at a concert given by the regiment before a crowd of 10,000 persons at the Drake Stadium. Selections were presented by a double quartet and by the regiment as a whole. 0 John Powell, distinguished American composer and pianist who has contributed a number of interesting compositions after the Negro idiom, is a man of marked versatility. Apart from his musicianship, he has made important discoveries in the field of astronomy and is deeply interested in the Negro question and has written often on the subject. C Songs by Harry T. Burleigh were included in the offerings of the contralto, Mary Jordan, at a concert given at Stoney Brook, Long Island, for the benefit of the local Red Cross chapter. C By general request, Stella Seligman sang Burleigh's "Deep River" at the August Musicale of the Ziegler Institute, New York City. C Three hundred colored people gave a community song-fest in Philadelphia at the Logan Public School. C Mrs. Emilie Hapgood announces the second season of the Colored Players. Two of the players, Opal Cooper and Inez Clough, 310 THE HORIZON were listed by George Jean Nathan among the first ten in his list of the roles most perfectly played by actors last season. The net profits for the season 1917-18 will be devoted to the newly formed Emergency Circle for Negro Relief. Mrs. Hapgood is seeking an endowment of at least $10,000 for the new production. G "Walk Together Children," the magnificent march by J. Rosamond Johnson, based on the well known Negro folk song, was one of the patriotic songs which received honorable mention in the recent contest held by the New York Herald. The march was originally written for the pageant, "The Star of Ethiopia." 0 Wellington A. Adams, of Washington, has called our attention to "Modern Music and Musicians," an encyclopedia of seven volumes issued by the University Society, Incorporated, in New York City. This work uses a small "n" for the word Negro, is fond of the word "darky," is sure of the "racial inferiority of colored Americans," and has no reference to Coleridge-Taylor, Cook, Burleigh, Johnson or Diton. This would seem to be an excellent work not to buy. MEETINGS. AUGUS T was, as usual, a month for large assemblies of colored people throughout the country. The National Negro Business League had a large and successful business meet ing in Chattanooga. The National Medi cal Association, composed of colored den tists, physicians and pharmacists, met in Philadelphia Dr. George W. Cabaniss, of Washington, was elected president and Dr. W. S. Alexander, of New Jersey, secretary. The next meeting will take place in Richmond, Va. The 19th biennial session of the Supreme Lodge of Knights of Pythias met in St. Louis. S. W. Green, New Orleans, La., was re-elected Supreme Chancellor. C The 50th anniversary of the Independent Order of St. Luke was celebrated in Richmond, Va. Assets of $121,864 were reported. The Association for the Study of Negro Life and History met in Washington. Among those who spoke were George Poster Peabody, Julius Rosenwald, B. G Brawley, Kelly Miller and James H. Dillard. A conference on law and order was held at Blue Ridge, N . C , which was at tended by fifty prominent white Southerners and several colored people. Migration and race riots were discussed. The National Alliance of Postal Employees met in Kansas City. It reported a balance of $7,618 in the bank and a membership of 287. (1 The 14th annual session of the Pennsylvania Federation of Negro Women's Clubs was held in Wilkes-Barre. The Phillis Wheatley Uplift Club has been organized at Dover, Del. The 4th quadrennial session of the American Woodmen was held at Denver, Colo. The Odd Fellows of Louisiana at their annual meeting reported an income of $80,000 for the year. The colored Masons of Kentucky celebrated their 50th anniversary. C State fairs are being held by the colored people in various parts of the South this fall. The fair at Muskogee, Okla., will be held early this month. The semi-centennial of the St. John encampment was held at Austin, Tex., for two weeks. C The Georgia Association for the Advancement of Education Among Negroes met at Fort Valley, Ga. They adopted a memorial to the Governor which resulted in the passage of a bill appropriating $5,000 for an agricultural, industrial and normal school. The 13th annual conven THE CRISIS tion of Colored Women's Clubs of Minnesota met in Duluth. Mrs. J. M. Williams was elected president. The 54th anniversary of the Charge on Fort Wagner was celebrated at Boston with exercises at Shaw Memorial and at Faneuil Hall. G The 10th annual convention of the National Equal Rights League was held September 18, 19, 20, at Mother Zion Church, New York City. The 36th annual session of the Mississippi Odd Fellows was held at Vicksburg. THE WAR. THE Governor of Maryland has ap pointed a committee of colored men to co-operate with the Maryland Council of National Defense. C Col. Ballou announces in regard to the Ft. Des Moines camp, "We have the making of some good officers here." A training camp for colored physicians will, it is said, succeed the present camp. One thousand men remained at the camp until September 15. It is expected six or seven hundred commissions will be announced. C Colored Americans of Norfolk, Va., have raised $1,000 for French War Orphans. (I A regiment of 2,400 colored stevedores is to be organized for service in France. Exemption from draft is to be obtained for such as wish to enter this regiment. C It is pleasant to learn of one army camp where there was no color discrimination. At the Harvard R. O. T. C. in Massa chusetts, there were five Negro students and one Porto Rican among the 1,200. G Mrs. Albert S. Reed, a colored woman of New York, is at the head of the movement for food conservation among colored people. (I The 8th Illinois Infantry, composed of colored men, started for the mobilization camp after a dramatic farewell in which the whole city joined. A n audience of 20,000 heard the stirring farewell speech of Col. Denison. RIOTS. THE Grand Jury of St. Clair County has investigated the East St. Louis riot and examined 300 witnesses. They have returned 68 indictments against 105 persons, including 9 indictments for murder, 11 indictments for conspiracy, 9 indictments for arson, 13 indictments for rioting and 26 indictments for assaults and murder. The jury believes that the indictments "include all the mob leaders." It adds, "East St. Louis was visited by one of the worst race riots in history, a siege of murder, brutality, arson and other crimes, hitherto of such a loathsome character as to challenge belief. After hearing all evidence we believe the riots—at least the occurrences which led up to them—were deliberately plotted." Among the persons indicted are 19 policeman. One man, S. L. Shulz, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy and assault and has been sentenced to the penitentiary for an indeterminate term of five to fourteen years. d Claims aggregating $500,000 have been filed against the city of East St. Louis for personal damages, including 30 claims for loss of life. The City Council will have to decide whether to allow the claims or be sued in court. THREE RACES IN CALIFORNIA THE HORIZON C The old police board of East St. Louis has resigned and the Chief of Police and his assistants have been suspended. A new board has been appointed and the Chamber of Commerce is raising $100,000 to get a decent police department. C The publication plant of the A. M. E. Zion Church at East St. Louis, which issued the Western Star of Zion, was destroyed during the riot. The loss was over $10,000, but the plant will be restored. G The Chester riots began in the killing of a National guardsman by a Negro, for insulting two Negro girls. Two days afterward rioting began and continued for three days. Three white and three colored men were killed and large numbers of colored men were injured and driven out of town. Wretched political conditions, as well as race prejudice, seem to have been the cause. G One of the most successful colored fairs in the United States is that held at Lex ington, Ky., annually. This year white Kentucky guardsmen were in camp near the town and proceeded to hustle the col lored people off the sidewalk in front of a colored restaurant. Ten Negroes were injured, but the casualties among the soldiers were "not reported." C As a result of the trouble in Waco, Tex., between the police and colored soldiers, five Negroes were sent to the penitentiary for five years, and one for ten years. Al l were sentenced to be dishonorably discharged from the service. G Negro soldiers of the 24th Infantry killed seventeen white persons in Houston, Tex. The entire battalion of 636 members has been removed to Columbus, N . M . Thirty-four of them are charged with murder. INDUSTRY. FIVE hundred homes are being built to accommodate the 1,400 colored workers in the powder work at Pennsgrove, N. J. C The Herald Printing Company has been incorporated in Baltimore, Md., to issue a daily newspaper. W. T. Andrews of Sumter, S. C, is president, and W. W. Day, treasurer. G A corporation known as the Service Company, to do laundry work, renovating and manufacturing clothing and a jobbing and retail business in shirts, collars, overalls and other wearing apparel, has been started in Atlanta, Ga. C One hundred and fifty colored Union carpenters from the South are working at Pittsfield, Mass. The white carpenters have decided to recognize them, but they are organized in a separate union. C Miss Mary M. Gibson, Radcliffe '18, has received a clerkship in the Tremont Trust Company, a Boston bank. C The Co-operative Grocery Store, with a capital of $5,000, has been formed by colored people in Boston, Mass. C The Louisiana Senate by a vote of 30-7 passed a bill to prohibit the inducing of laborers engaged in agricultural and transportation work to leave their jobs. C A t the Northampton, Pa., Coke Plant, the Bethlehem Steel Company has already 200 Negroes and will soon have over 600. The company has erected houses, halls and poolrooms, and will conduct a dining room and a canteen. Forty-two officers will guard the camp and no liquor will be allowed. C The Standard Life Insurance Company of Atlanta, Ga., has established a department of special bureaus. This department will take care of the inspection service which will make reports upon the financial, moral and social status of risks. The investigation service will weed out policies obtained through fraud. The efficiency service will look into improved methods of office and field work, and the research service will study sociological and health problems, survey new territory, study competitors' meth ods, etc. Mr. James A. Jackson, who has had seventeen years' experience with the B. &amp; O. Railroad, will have charge of the new department. 314 THE C Mr. J. M. Holley, 1376 Sixteenth Street, Oakland, Cal., who is foreman in an iron plant, wishes 100 colored men to act as helpers and day laborers, at $2.40 per day. There is a chance for advancement, good schools and houses, and the climate allows work the year round. He already has 140 colored men under him. No transportation will be supplied and persons writing must enclose stamp. The CRISIS vouches for Mr. Holley's reliability. C Allentown, Pa., is employing a large number of Negro workers from the South. The Traylor Engineering Company has a number at work. The cement mills have established a church for their colored employees. C The New York Times, Sunday edition of September 2, has a page on "The Wealthiest Negro Colony in the World," referring to the colony of 70,000 Negroes in the Harlem section of New York City. It says of the Harlem Negro: "His home may be as modest or as well appointed as he cares to make it. He may live in a furnished room house, in a boarding house, in apartments where the rent ranges from $20 to $60 a month, or in his own elegantly appointed residence. Several apartment houses are really luxurious. In the corridors the visitor will find soft, rich rugs, marble statuary, and valuable paintings. Liveried servants, sometimes foreign-born whites, are to be seen in the more pretentious homes. More than 500 Negroes in the district occupy private houses which rent from $720 to $1,200 a year. More than 250 own their own homes." C The second annual statement of the Savannah Savings and Real Estate Corporation shows total assets of $42,457 and total clearings of $465,000. There are 540 accounts in the savings department. C By a recent court decision the Georgia colored Odd Fellows have been practically set aside as a separate order. They alone have been given the right to use the name Odd Fellows by the Georgia courts, and, on the other hand, they have been expelled by the national order. A legal battle will undoubtedly ensue and the matter may be carried to the Supreme Court. (T Jacob Nelson Brown, a colored farmer of Beadle County, S. D., has promised $25,000 to the Methodist State Hospital fund. He has already given to other causes generously, including $2,500 to superannuated ministers. (T The Metropolitan Life Insurance Company declares that among its policyholders CRISIS the rate of death for suicide was 15 3-10 per 100,000 for white men and 6 3-10 for white women; for Negro men the figure was 8 2-10, and for Negro women 3 4-10. C The post office authorities at Richmond, Va., held up a recent edition of the Rich mond Planet, a colored paper, because of a letter in which a colored man gave reasons for not entering the United States Arm y as a volunteer. The edition was afterward permitted to be mailed. (I H . O. Ozman has been traveling head waiter on the Southern Pacific Railway line for twenty-five years. C Colored citizens of Montgomery, Ala., subscribed $421 to the Red Cross campaign. EDUCATION. THE 14th annual session of the National Association of Teachers in Colored Schools was held in the city of New Orleans, with delegates from sixteen states. The Association declared strongly for direct representation of Negro patrons on all school boards, the education of the Negro broadly as a citizen and not simply as a Negro; an impartial distribution of all Federal funds, and a more equitable proportionment of all public school funds, the placing of greater emphasis on education that makes for citizenship "and the political rehabilitation of the race." J. S. Clark, of Baton Rouge, was elected president for the ensuing year and J. R. E. Lee, of Kansas City, Mo., corresponding secretary. (I A triennial reunion of the Alumni Association of Hampton Institute has been held. Every class from 1871 to 1917 was represented. Resolutions were adopted asking that the curriculum of the school be raised, and that Nathaniel Dett be placed at the head of a new department of music. G The school board of New Orleans has provided in a budget for a high school for Negro students for the year 1917-18. (I The Jeanes Fund reports work with public school superintendents in 189 Southern counties. Supervising industrial teachers raised $124,429 for school improvement. C At the summer convocation of the University of Chicago, David H . Sims of Oberlin College, L. S. McGehee of Virginia Union, Henry S. Williams of Oberlin, and Miss Mason of Cincinnati University received the degree of Master in Arts. Miss M. L. Strong, a graduate of Selma, received her A. B. THE C Frank S. Horn has won a university scholarship of $100 from the state of New York to attend the College of the City of New York. C. Miss Ruby	 Thornton has received the Master's degree from the University of Wisconsin. C The 11th annual session of the Missis sippi Colored Teachers Association has been held in Meridian. (L A conference of the heads of those schools mentioned favorably in Thomas Jesse Jones' report on Negro Education has been held in Washington at the invitation of the U.	 S. Commissioner of Education. PERSONAL. MRS. ELLEN CRAFT CRUM, daughter of the celebrated William and Ellen Craft of fugitive slave days, and widow of the late William B. Crum, is dead at Charleston, S. C. The month's necrology also includes: Dr. W. Bishop Johnson, for thirty years pastor of Second Baptist Church, Washington, D. C ; Mrs. Angelina S. Posey, a social worker of Pittsburg, Pa., and wife of Capt. C. W. Posey; Miss Albertee, daughter of Bishop Tyree of the A . M . E. Church; Major J. B. Johnson, a Spanish War Veteran of Virginia; A. M. Ray, a retired sergeant of the 10th Cavalry; William Lawson, the only colored policeman at Spokane, Wash.; John Henry Smith, a well known citizen of Baltimore; and Mrs. Elmira Lovejoy of Girard, Kan., a cousin of the kell known Elija P. Lovejoy. C The funeral of W. Scott Brown, a well known lawyer of Muskogee, Okla., was largely attended. Mr. Brown was to enter the training camp at Ft. Des Moines, but was prevented by a careless mistake and took his own life. C Robert P. Lattimore has been appointed referee in a large real estate litigation in Brooklyn, N . Y . C Joel E. Spingarn, chairman of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P., has been commissioned as Major of Infantry and stationed at Camp Dix, Wrightstown, N. J. C The C RISIS is glad to welcome to this world Julia Lorraine Palmer, the daughter of Dr. and Mrs. Loring B. Palmer of Atlanta, Ga. d Miss Lucy B. Slowe of Baltimore, Md., has won five cups for tennis playing this season and the championship cup of New York for two successive seasons. Her tri HORIZON umphs include the ladies single cup in Philadelphia and New York, the ladies double cup with Miss Florence Brooks of Philadelphia in that city, and the mixed doubles cup with Tally Holmes in Philadelphia and New York. MISS LUCY B. SLOWE C Fritz Pollard, the colored football star, has failed in his studies at Brown and probably will not appear on that team this fall. C J. M. B. Holmes, of Petersburg, Va., has carried mail for forty-four years. C John Thomas, of Troy, N. Y., is the first colored man to be appointed policeman in that city. C George W. Ellis, formerly secretary of Legation in Liberia, has been appointed Assistent Corporation Counsel in the city of Chicago, an office formerly held by Louis B. Anderson, now an alderman. C Edward Niles, a colored boy, won the 440 and 880 yard runs at a recent meeting of the New England Athletic Union. (T The Hon. Thomas Ewing, Commissioner of Patents, has resigned to be succeeded by a Southerner. Mr. Ewing has been especially fair in the treatment of colored employees at the Patent Office, and in this respect is said to have been the best commis316 THE sioner for thirty-five years. He has put more colored young men in clerical and semi-clerical places and given them more encouragement than any of his predecessors. When he was holding his farewell reception the colored employees presented him with a Russia leather brief case. (I Nobel Johnson, a colored man, is having considerable success not only as a writer of moving picture stories but as an actor. He has recently appeared in the "Indians' Lament," with Marie Walcamp, and in "The Terror," with Jack Mulhall. POLITICS. THE Governor of Pennsylvania has ap pointed a colored commission to select the state Negro tuberculosis sanitarium. They are Dr. Critchlow of Charleston, Dr. Harrison of Kimball, and Dr. Clay of Lewisburg. C The Secretary of the Treasury has recently promoted seven colored Civil Service employees, including Andrew J. Payne, a clerk in the office of the supervising architect, and Lieut R. E. Gaither. C Secretary Daniels has appointed a colored messenger because "it is necessary, especially at this time, that the position be filled by a person of known integrity." tT Perry Howard has been appointed to the Republican State Central Committee of Mississippi. He is the first colored member for several years. (I A colored woman's suffrage club has been opened in Harlem, New York City. Several colored delegates attended the suffrage convention at Saratoga. (I Several hundred colored men met in Atlantic City and determined to form a Negro political party. THE CHURCH. CONCORD Baptist Church of Brooklyn, N. Y., has purchased the property of a white Baptist congregation for $35,000. Q A monument to the late Bishop Walters has been unveiled in Cypress Hills Cemetery in New York. C The International Sunday School Association reports Sunday school teacher training classes in 142 colored institutions, with 3,642 students. (I R. A. Pritchett, of Lincoln University and A. C. Rich, of Fisk University, sailed July 31 for Durban, British East Africa, to engage in work for the International Y . M . C. A. CRISIS FOREIGN. ABB E GABRIEL SANE First Negro Catholic chaplain of the Colonial troops in France has been killed by a shell in Champagne. (I The South African Native African Conference met at Bloemfontein in June and passed the following resolutions: "This congress, in Bloemfontein assembled, strongly opposes the Native Affairs Administration Bill, and binds itself, severally and collectively, to agitate for its defeat." "This congress hereby decides to appoint a committee to investigate all cases of shooting of Natives by Europeans in each Province, and to place the result before the Government." "This congress views with great alarm the revival of the anti-color principles disclosed in both the Native Affairs Administration Bill and General Smuts' speech in England, as reported in the public Press." GHETTO. IN Dallas, Tex., an attempt is being made by court proceedings to stop the migration of Negro laborers. (I Carrie Christian, an eleven year old Negro girl, has been sentenced to the chain gang at Waycross, Ga., for twelve months, for stealing a ring. C Gen. Bennett H . Young, a Confederate veteran, has been defending Lube Martin in the Kentucky courts. It will be remembered that Martin is the colored man who shot a white man in self defense and was about to be lynched when rescued by the Governor of Kentucky. G There have been the following lynchings since our last record: August 9, Ashdown, Ark., Aaron Jimerson, hanged for attacking a constable. August 16, Heathsville, Va., William Page, hanged for attempted assault on a girl. August 17, Memphis, Tenn., Strickland, hanged; reason unknown. August 22, Marshall, Tex., Charles Jones, hanged for entering the room of a white woman. August 23, York, S. C , W. T. Sims, shot for utterances opposing the draft law. , Columbia, Miss., unknown Negro, hanged for murder and robbery. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER 317 THE BLUE RIBBON CLASS To be Associated with Standard Life Is to Bear This Mark of Distinction Standard Life WM , V . CASE Y T. A. DICKSO N Waco, Texas St. Louis, Mo. Completes Your Life-Line Insurance Company The biggest Insurance achievement of the Race has been accomplished by following a consistent policy of availing itself of the very best man-power obtainable. Life Insurance is too big, too vital to be entrusted to the handling of small calibred men, therefore the Company is combing the Race for high grade men. ARE YOU OF THE BLUE RIBBON CLASS? HAVE YOU BRAINS, BUSINESS ACUMEN AND THE GRIT TO WORK HARD ? If so, Standard would like to associate you with these successful men, who are typical of their field force; whose work and influence are felt wherever our people live. Mr. Wm . V . Casey, formerly Clothing Salesman, Indiana. Mr. T. A. Dickson, formerly Secretary, Union Guaranty Ins. Co., Miss. Mr. J. E. Wallace, formerly President, Bennett College, N. C Dr. G. W. Atkins, formerly Practising Physician, Tennessee. Today they are among the representative citizens of their respective communities; their incomes are far beyond the average; they are free to exercise initiative; their future is assured; and they have abundant opportunity for still greater development. // You Are Seriously Interested, Write At Once The Company also desires to hear from capable people for its Office staff. Natural growth occasions frequent promotions and the consequent employment of additional bookkeepers, stenographers and clerks. Our policy is to name our Officials and Department heads from those within the Organization. During this year one new Division and a new Department of four Bureaus have been created, and every month's business serves notice of still greater expansion. STANDARD LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY HOME OFFICE: 200 AUBURN AVENUE ATLANTA, GEORGIA. J. E. WALLACE Over $4,000,000 Insurance in Force O. W. ATKINS Knoxville, Tenn. Memphis, Tens, Mention THE Crisis THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE OUTER POCKET YOU R September number is of timely and lasting value. May I thank you for it? Ever yours, CHARLES F. T HWING, President of Western Reserve University. I have in mind an idea by which the subscription and the influence of THE CRISIS can be increased. Why not have the CRISIS in every public library by Christmas? How? Without doubt there must be in every town and city in America at least one colored person who possesses one dollar's worth of race pride and loyalty. If so then he or she can express his or her loyalty in donating a year's subscription of THE CRISIS for the city in which he or she lives. However, this does not mean that their own yearly subscription will be dropped. By this plan the subscription will not only be increased but the magazine will come before the eyes of many who know nothing of it. If you think well of this idea let me know at once and I shall send my dollar for the Cambridge library to begin with the East St. Louis number. B. F. S ELDON , Cambridge, Mass. Ought we not start a movement that would bombard the White House with a million letters from a million Negroes showing how we feel? If it did no good there it would certainly do us good to unite once in our lives in a nation wide protest, which we have never done. W ILLIAM H. H OLLOW AY, Talladega College, Ala. The September CRISIS has just come to me and I have found a poem in it I wish to use in the 1917 Anthology. It is "Negi'o Soldiers," a fine thing; something I want to put on the opposite page to Untermeyer's poem on the Jewish soldier, "Ishmael." Will you give me formal consent to reprint it? . . . THE CRISIS grows wonderfully— and so do THESE TIMES. There's going to be a wonderful flowering of our claims before this war is over. The race is suffering the pains which any seed suffers before it breaks above the soil. W. S. B RAITHWAITE, Cambridge, Mass. The Journal of Negro History Published Quarterly 100 Pages Edited by CARTER G. WOODSON THE JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY is the official organ, of the Association for the Study of Negro Life and History, which is now trying not to promote an isolated research into the history of the black race but to show how civilization has been influenced by contact with the people of color. This publication aims to popularize the movement to save and make available the scattered historical materials bearing on the Negro. I'D it appear scholarly articles and valuable documents giving information generally unknown. It is concerned with facts, not with opinions. Subscription price, $1.00 per year. Foreign subscriptions, 25 cents extra. Single num bers, 26 cents; 30 cents by mail. Checks should be made payable to TH E JOURNAL OF NEGRO HISTORY and addressed to CARTER G. WOODSON 1216 You St.. N. W. Washington, D. C. The Disgrace of Democracy An Open Letter to President Wilson By KELLY MILLER Professor Kelly Miller has written a remarkable open letter to President Wilson.— X. Y . Evening Post. A constructive proposal for suppression of lynching and race riots.— The Springfield Republican. A very fair, temperate and strong letter on a most important matter.— Senator John Wesley Jones. Agents Wanted Everywhere 10c. the Copy Terms to Agents: Sc. per copy on orders over 10. Address: Kelly Miller, Howard University, Washington, D. C. 320 THE CRISIS ADVERTISER BOOKS BY PROMINENT NEGROES Issued by The Neale Publishing Company, New York, N. Y. The American Cavalryman, By HENRY F. DOWNING Mr. Downing perhaps has had a more varied career than any other living Negro from the Civil War to the war between the United States and Germany. He was the first colored man to represent the United States at a city of a white government, by appointment of President Cleveland. He introduced Coleridge-Taylor to the London Public. He persuaded Liberia to open its doors to foreign capital. Merely to recount his activities in public life of the past fifty years would take a volume. But his highest renown has been won as a man of letters, and this is a romance of Liberia—a romance of a very high order, written by the only man who could have written it. $1.50 by mail. Haiti: Her History and Her Detractors By J. N. LEGER M . Leger, formerly represented Haiti as Minister to the United States, and later represented Haiti as a member of the Peace Conference, at The Hague. In Europe as well as in America he is regarded as one of the ablest men of his race. Two editions: one in English and one in French. Illustrated. Each edition $3.20 by mail. The Facts of Reconstruction By JOHN R. LYNCH Major Lynch, an officer of the United States Army, lived through Reconstruction, and took a lively part therein. He served as a Member of Congress, later became Fourth Auditor of the Treasury, and by far the greater part of his adult life has been passed in public service. The late Sen. Hoar in his "Autobiography" referred to Major Lynch in high terms. Illustrated. Fourth thousand. $1.65 by mail. Redder Blood By WILLIAM M . ASHBY Prof. Ashby was recently graduated from Yale. This novel, his first book, is a valuable contribution to the literature of his race. $1.00 by mail. Ethiopia By CLAYTON ADAMS Mr. Adams writes of the Land of Promise in this powerful novel,—the adjective is used deliberately. The ancient Kingdom of Ethiopia has passed away, but its name still lives, not only as the proper appellation of the Negro race, but also figuratively, principally to designate the invisible kingdom of native Africans and their descendants. $1.00 by mail. Race Adjustment By KELLY MILLER Prof. Miller, Dean of the College of Arts and Sciences, Howard University, is easily in the first rank of Negro teachers, writers, orators, and leaders, and is so recognized on both sides of the Atlantic. This volume comprises his essays on the Negro in America that won for him fame as a man of letters when they were first published periodically. Third edition. $2.15 by mail. Out of the House of Bondage By KELLY MILLER This volume by Dean Miller contains the essays that he had written up to the time of its publication that were not included in his earlier volume, "Race Adjustment," and have been written since the earlier volume was published. Already the sale of this new Tolume has been large. $1.65 by mail. Negro Culture in West Africa By GEORGE W . ELLIS Mr. Ellis was for eight years Secretary of the United States Legation in Liberia. Since his return to America, he has written extensively on the Negro and his problems, and has taken a prominent place among the leaders of his race. In many respects this latest book of his is the most important work on the Negro yet published,—the Negro in Africa. Illustrated. $2.15 by mail. Racial Adjustments in the Methodist Episcopal Church By JOHN H . REED The Rev. Dr. Reed, D.D., K.C., writes authoritatively on the subject matter of his book. Introduction by Adna B. Leonard, D.D., LL.D . $1.60 by mail. The Black Man's Burden By WILLIAM H . HOLTZCLAW Prof. Holtzclaw is the founder and the principal of the Utica Normal and Industrial Institute for the Training of Colored Young Men and Young Women, already one of the largest educational institutions in the South. Introduction by the late Booker T. Washington. Third thousand. $1.00 by mail. Negro Tales By JOSEPH S. COTTER Prof. Cotter is the principal of one of the largest schools for Negroes in the South. Like Prof. Ashby and Mr. Adams, Prof. Cotter reveals Negro life in imaginative prose fiction,—a branch of literature to which Negro authors should give greater attention. $1.00 by mail. The Voice of Mizriam By JOHN WALTER PAISLEY Prof. Paisley, for many years a professor of English Literature, has assembled in this volume his own poems. The book deserves a place on the library shelf where Dunbar's fine poems are to be found. $1.25 by mail. The New Negro By WILLIAM PICKENS Dean Pickens, Dean of Morgan College, was graduated from Yale in the highest grade of his class. There he won the Phi Beta Kappa Key and the Ten Eyck Oration. In this book, the full title of which is "The New Negro; His Political, Civil, and Mental Status," he discusses with great force and clarity nearly all the pressing political problems that now confront his race. $1.60 by mail. The Key By JAMES S. STEMONS Mr. Stemons is the Field Secretary of the Joint Organization for Equalizing Industrial Opportunities and the League of Civic and Political Reform. He holds this work to be what its full title implies: "The Key; or, a Tangible Solution of the Negro Problem." Undoubtedly the work is a powerful study of the Negro and his problems. $1.00 by mail. Order through 440 Fourth Avenue THE NEALE PUBLISHING CO., New York City orNew York City 70 Fifth Avenue Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 321 Oscar Micheaux's Masterpiece of Fiction "THE HOMESTEADER" A Tale of the Great Northwest By OSCAR MICHEAUX Author of "The Forged Note" and "The Conquest" A novel that can be called truly great. In Its sweep and Immensity, a tale of the great northwest country In the making: in Its grim force and realism, a courageous Negro youth—a man among men—in a land wherein lie alone was black; in its web of cross-purposes and contrasted types strangely linked together, The Homesteader presents a plot intensely human; a story of love, high resolve and ultimate achievement. Publisher's Note A writer, regardless of how much he may have thrilled the world and fired the emotion with his novels, can portray with success only that which he best knows. The author of The Homesteader knows the West. At the age of twenty he settled in the Northwest and for ten years was a farmer and ranchman, he has written other books, and will write others, no doubt. BUT ! The Homesteader is the story he has always wanted to write—and here you are! 512 pages, handsomely bound in the finest linen, title In gold stamp, fully illustrated from eight superb oil paintings by the foremost Negro artist, W. M. Farrow,—a perfect book—price, $1.50 net. Reader—This to Yo u ! W. M . Farrow is truly an artist. The eight great pointings he has made to illustrate The Homesteader mark a new epoch in art by the Negro race. Not one Negro family In one hundred can boast of truly great paintings on their walls by artists of the race, or reproductions therefrom. T O YO U we will send a reproduction from ALL FIGHT of these great paintings. size 17 by 22 incbes FRE E If you will send us your order AT ONCE for this book with the names and addresses of not less than six of your friends, readers, and who you feel might be Interested In this story. How you may order this book Send $1.50—hut if this is not readily convenient, just write us a letter or a postal, stating the date you wish the same delivered and we will be pleased to send it C. O. D. Agents You take the orders, WE MAKE THE DELIVERY, if "But, father, you do understand him!" you do not care to. The purpose here is to enable you to travel from place to place and devote your entire time to taking orders. In this way you can cover much territory without the annoyance of returning and losing time delivering. We provide you with printed, stamped and postal cards addressed to us, also cards which you give each subscriber in receipt for a deposit (which you are allowed to retain as part of your commission—the balance we send you when we have delivered the book) and there you are! Liberal commission. send the price of the book (we do not bother with prospectuses) and we will send the outfit therewith FREE . If you cannot spare the money at once, send 35c. in postage and we will bill book C. O. D. the balance. Published by the WESTERN BOOK SUPPLY CO., Sioux City, Iowa Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER pmiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiuuiiiiN A Christian Duty compels you to provide for your family and dependents. Then why not provide for a perpetual income during sickness and accidental injuries? Will you consider your duty properly discharged if you make provision only down to death, and leave the widow and those dear little orphans penniless after your death? It is the privilege of every man and a duty every man owes himself and family to carry sufficient insurance to provide the necessities of life during illness, and to pay off the expenses and the mortgage I on the home after death. I Why would a man provide well for his wife and children during his life and leave them beggars after his death? A good Insurance Company is next to the Church; a SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY policy is better than a bank j account; you draw from the bank your deposit plus interest; you draw from | SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY, not what you put in, but as long as you are sick | and an undiminished death claim paid to the family after death. Some j have put in $50.00 and drawn out $500.00. Why not act today? Tomor-| row you may not be able to pass the examination for a good policy in a j § reliable Insurance Company. | Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc. I HOME OFFICE: 527 N. 2nd St., Richmond, Va. District offices and agencies in all the principal cities of the State. % INSURES AGAINST SICKNESS, ACCIDENT AND DEATH. | | A. D. PRICE, President. THOS. M. CRUMP, Secretary. | | B. L. JORDAN , Asst. Secretary. ^UIH LillluuiuiJiUjliUllimiiLlilj ULiuniiliiJii i...]]]!!,,,, ui.., u n , m.i,., i.inuiyuiiiuuuyrmiJiJii m imillimilimilimilllimimillimillllllllllllimilllllllllll mill, Minimum mi mmmranf Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER LADIES WANTED Smart, ambitious, hustling women to enter business. Clear $15.00 to $25.00 per week. Easy—pleasant. I will show you how. Dr. BELL, 4709 State St., Chicago, Ill. Pennsylvania South Western State Normal School Graduate DESIRES A POSITION Teaching Grade Work or Domestic Science ADDRESS A. B., n care of TH E CRISIS, 70 Fifth Ave., New York City WANTED AT ONCE-Male or Female An experienced double-entry bookkeeper and also an expert stenographer to work in the offices of an established colored Insurance Company. Both parties must be able to furnish satisfactory reference as to competency, experience, health, age and reliability. Only those need apply who are willing to make the work a study and a career. Mail application to the office of THE CRISIS 70 Fifth Ave., New York City THE COLORED TEACHER Special Features for 1917-18 METHOD S in Heading, Nature Study, Geography, History, Literature, Language, Arithmetic, Etc. PROBLEMS IN RURAL EDUCATION—A Series of Articles. THE PRACTICAL IN EDUCATION—A Series of Articles. AN OUTLINE COURSE IN THE TEACHING OF ARITH METIC— A Series of Articles. VOCATIONAL GUIDANCE OF COLORED YOUTH—A Series of Articles. $1.00 per yearTHE COLORED Box 22 NO MONEY NEEDED This suit is yours without a penny's cost. Just send us a. postal or letter today Let us show you how to get it by our easy plan. No experience needed. Be our agent and make $10 to $15 a Day in your spare time. It is dead easy—you never saw a nobbier suit or a more stunning pattern, cut in very latest style. Your choice of 60 fabrics and 32 styles. Drop us a postal card for hcavy pattern book, inside information about styles, self-measuring blanks, etc. DON'T WAIT. We prepay Delivery Charges. Mall Postal NOW! American Woolen Mills Co. Dept. 1051 Chicago 10 cents per copy  TEACHER  Wllberforce. Ohio TH E STANDARD TEACHERS' AGENCY, Est. 1897. 1011 New York Avenue, Washing-ton, D, C. Situations Wanted—Domestic Science, Biology, Music, Academic work (College, Seminary, Graded School)—Graduates. Teachers A live agency furnishes the a connecting medium in a business way between teachers and schools and relieves teachers of the embarrassment of job hunting. We have had calls for teachers from Alabama, Arkansas, Delaware, District of Columbia, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, Missouri, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia. THE MUTUAL, TEACHERS' AGENCY 1408 New York Avenue Washington, D. C. The Colored Teachers'Bureau Will Help You Get A Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Services Free to School Officials. Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wllberforce, 0. ThisSuitFRE E TointroduceourNobby ClothesinYour town. It's th you ever saw. S60 couldn't buy a better one, but you can get it easy. It's made to your measure from the most beautiful cloth, choice of stripes, checks or plain patterns. Send us your name and address today. Don't foil to get one of these suits. You can earn it while you wear it and make $50 a Week by taking orders. Drop us a postal for latest sample outfit select the style you want and the cloth. Let us prove our amazing offer. Don't delay. We send everything free the same day your request is received. We pay postage on everything. Just send us a postal with your name and address on it. Paragon Tailoring Co. Dept. 1051 Chicago $1.00 PANTS made to • Not $1.00, not even 50c, not one cent cost to you under our easy conditions. Nomeasure extra charges for extra big, extreme peg- tops, fancy belt loops, pearl buttons, no extra charge for anything all free. Before you take another order, before you buy a suit or pants, pet our samples and new offer. Write and say 'Send Me Your Offer" the big, new different tailoring deal. Costs nothing and no extra charges. KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Dept. 669 Chicago, Ill EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for Men and Women School of Mechanical Dentistry Complete in Eight Month* Night or Day. Write for Booklet, etc. A. O. BRANSON &amp; CO., 62 W. 135th St., New York City Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER // It Is For Your Lodge WE HAVE IT! We manufacture Lodge Regalia for every Fraternal Society. Cash or Installment Plan. Cheapest Badge House in the Country. Catalogue for your Society FREE . CENTRAL REGALIA CO. The Negro Regalia House. JOS. L. JONES, Pres. N. E. Cor. 8th &amp; Plum Cincinnati, Ohio Atlant a Universit y Studies of the 19Negro Monograph * Problems  Sol d Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY a ATLANTA. GA. The Curse of Race Prejudice By James F. Morton, Jr., A. M. A n aggressive exposure by an Anglo-Saxon champion of equal rights. Startling facts and crushing arguments. Fascinating reading. A necessity for clear understanding and up-to-date propaganda. Belongs in the library of every friend of social justice. Price 25 cents. Send order to JAMES F. MORTON, JR. 211 West 138th Street •:• New York* N. Y. $25.00 PER WEEK may be made in commissions by parties handling "History of Negro Soldiers in Spanish-American War" combined with "History of the Negro Race." 400 pages, SO illustrations. Price $1.25 net. Address: E. A JOHNSON 154 Nassau Street • NEW YORK 100 CALLING CARDS 50 CENTS Calling and Business cards are (food sellers at all seasons of the year. Liberal commissions. Write for samples and agent's terms. The House of Chowning;, Indianapolis, Ind. We GIVEitto YOU Take this fine Made-to-Quality Measure Suit and don't and Fit pay u s one cent for it* Guaranteed We want you to get one of our high- class suits, absolutely Free,so you can show it to your friends. Itwill be a big advertisement for us. If you have a little spare time, you can easily make from $35 to $50 Extra Every Week and besides that be the best- dressed mania your town. It's an opportunity you cannot afford to overlook. Don't delay a minute. Write for this Big Offer at Once Drop us a line or send us your name on a postal card and we will send you absolutely Free, our wonderful style book, containing dozens of sam ples and fashion plates to choose from. Write Now. Everything sent Free and postage prepaid. THE PROGRESS TAILORING CO. Dept. 981, CHICAGO HOTEL WASHINGTON First-class service for First-class people 3428 South Park Avenue, Chicago, Ill. THE NEGRO IN AMERICAN HISTORY Contains 206 Pages, 35 Chapters, Historical and Biographical, 17 Full Page Illustrations Printed on Fine Antique Book, Pound in Full Green Extra Cloth, Gold Title on Front Cover and Shelf Back. Price, net $1.25. Postage Prepaid $1,40. Order through any bookseller or direct from the author. Address JOHN W. CROMWELL 1439 Swann St. Washington, D. C. AGENTS WANTED: $18 to $45 per week Now being made selling Prof. Kelly Miller's new book PROGRESS OF COLORED PEOPLE. 500 large pages, only $1.95. Teachers, students, ministers, widows, anyone with a little spare time can make $1 per hour. Everybody buys, it's easy to sell. Write for outfit and terms at once. This is an extra-ordinary offer. Act today. AUSTIN JENKINS CO., No. 523 Ninth St., Washington, D. C. Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Beauty for Women CLEAR, SMOOTH SKIN —PERFECT HAIR FREE FREE Famous Deluxe Beauty Book, illustrated and complete. Sent to you postpaid free of charge. Tells all about the Kashmir Way and describes the wonderful methods which hundreds of women are using to get A Kashmir Girl pretty skin and hair. You can do the same. 5 or 10 minutes a day caring for your skin and hair the Kashmir Way will bring wonderful results. You Won't Know Yourself in a few days. WRITE TODAY DON'T SEND ANY MONEY KASHMIR CHEMICAL CO.,Dept.K 4709 State Street Chicago, Ill. The SLAUGHTER SYSTEM Introducing Why Are New York Women LLYRA'S HAIR BEAUTIFIER So Beautiful? A Guaranteed Food Preparation tor the Hair. Price 50 cents per box. RED ROSE FACE POWER Agents Wanted. System taught by Mail or at College. Mrs. E. Slaughter Gamble an d 3001 LAWTON AVENUE ST. LOUIS. MO. FLORESSENCE PRODUCTS Quality high and prices reasonable Floressence Mfg. Co., Inc. 1919-1929 Broadway New York, N. Y. How Much [| Would You Give || If you could make your Hair grow j | long, glossy and beautiful—and free }| from dandruff? II Send for free trial sample of PHYLI| LIS HAIR DRESSING &amp; GROWER. AGENTS WANTED FOR THE |j M. J. MILLER SUPERIOR HAIR PREPARATION || 6th and John Sts. Cincinnati, O. $1.10 for 6 weeks' treatment SYSTEM TAUGHT BY MAIL 4321 Forestville Ave., CHICAGO, ILL. One of the World's Finest Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER REAL HUMAN HAIR Hand-Made Natural Hair Wigs Transformations, Switches, Puffs, Plaits, Bangs, Coronet Braids, that can be combed the same as your own hair. Human hair for sale by ounce or pound. Hair Nets. These illustrations show only a few of our styles of perfect fitting natural hair wigs. They cannot be detected from your own hair. They ran be washed and combed. A REAL HAIR GROWER FOUND AT LAST MME. BAUM'S WELL-KNOWN HAIR SUCCESS PER JAR 35c &amp; 50c Mme. Baum's Cold Cream, for Cleansing the Skin 50c HAIRDRESSERS' TOOLS, WEAVING FRAMES, HACKLERS, MOUNTING MACHINES, CARDS, BLOCKS 1 MME. WALKER'S TOILET PREPARATIONS mm Mme. Baum's Famous Sham- m poo for Cleansing the Hair, Per box Mme. Baum's Creole Face Powder. Per box 35c MME. BAUM'S HAIR EMPORIUM, Inc. 486 EIGHTH AVE. Bet. 34th &amp; 35th Sts., (Upstairs) NEW YORK One Minute's Walk From Pennsylvania Depot Mail orders sent to any part of the U. S. or B. W. I. Send 2c stamp for our beautiful new 1918Illustrated Catalog. II Mention TH E CRISIS A New Book by Dr. Du Bois THE NEGRO By W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS, author of "Souls of Black Folk," "Quest of the Silver Fleece," "Select Bibliography of the Negro American," etc. This is the authentic romance of the black man. It is a history of him at once scholarly, earnest and eloquent. He is considered from the earliest times, and the thread of his fascinating story is followed in Africa, America, and wherever else it has appeared. To look at the Negro against the background of his history is to see him in a light fairer than that in which most Americans have seen him. 256 Pages—3 Maps—Cloth Bound At the low price of 60 cents net—By mail 66 cents Dr. Du Bois's new book is the latest addition to a remarkable series of low-priced new books with which everybody should become acquainted. THE HOME UNIVERSITY LIBRARY 9 4 volume* now ready Published by HENRY HOLT &amp; COMPANY, 34 West 33d Street, New York Is made up of new books by leading authorities. The editors are Professors GILBERT MURRAY, H. A. L. FISHER, W. T. BREWSTER and J. ARTHUR THOMSON. Cloth bound, good paper, clear type, 256 pages per /»A _ _ _ • volume. Each complete and sold separately --DUC . 116 1 Postage extra " A growing wonder of enterprise and sound judgment. Each volume, entirely new, is furnished by an acknowledged expert; is brief enough and plain enough to be readable or even fascinating, scientific enough to be a condensed authority —and at the nominal price of 60 cents."—Hartford Courant. SOME SELECTED EARLIER VOLUMES: EVOLUTION - By J. A. Thomson LATIN AMERICA By W. R. Shepherd THE FRENCH REVOLUTION VICTORIAN LITERATURE By Hilaire Chesterton Bellocy. K B G ROME By W. Warde Fowler GERMANY OF TODAY PROBLEMS OF PHILOSOPHY By Charles Tower By Bertrand Russell EURIPIDES AND HIS AGE NAPOLEON By H. A. L. Fisher By Gilbert Murray THE CIVIL WAR By F. L. Paxson UNEMPLOYMENT By A. C. Pigou Order through the publishers or through The CRISIS, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York Mention TH E CRISIS THE CRISIS ADVERTISER ROLAND W. HAYES, Tenor Recitals Concerts Oratorio Opera "A n unusually good voice. The natural quality is beautiful It is a luscious yet manly voice. Mr. Hayes sings freely and with good taste."—Philip Hale, in the Boston Herald. "A voice of unusual sweetness and calibre.' —Chattanooga Times. Address: 3 WARWICK ST,, BOSTON, MASS. Telephone Greeley 4214 Established 1911 BRANIC'S New York and Brooklyn Express Daily Trips to Harlem 212 WEST STREET 35th ANDREW J. BRANIC New York City Patents Procured on Easy Terms Protect your ideas, they may bring you wealth. General practice in the Courts and before the Government Departments. JOSEPH H. STEWART Attorney at Law 494 LOUISIANA AVE. N. W., WASHINGTON, D. C. Phone Main 10119. QUIC K SERVICE NEVER CLOSED PURE FILTERED WATER Telephone Morningside 1039 DOC'S LUNCH ROOMS B. A. TASKER, Proprietor 107 W. 133d Street 116 W. 135th St. New York City LEARN THE S. T. TAYLOR SYSTEM of Garment Cutting, Fitting, Designing, Drap ing, Embroidery, Hand Decoration of Gar ments, Dressmaking and Ladies' Tailoring Terms reasonable. Write for Catalog. S. T. TAYLOR SCHOOL AND PATTERN PARLORS Mrs. Maybel B. Evans, Prin. 34 N. Garfield Avenue Columbus, O. 00 Brings This $3 SUIT Tailored to Your Measure on an offer so easy, so liberal, so won derful, you can hardly believe it. The very latest 1918 style, a perfect fit magnificent new design, delivered prepaid. Send no money now, not one cent, just write us a letter or postal andsay,*"5enJ me your new amazing $3 suit offer" and get the latest big set of cloth samples to pick from, a great book of all the brand new 1918 fashions shown in gorgeous colors all FREE, a tailoring offer so splendid, so marvelous, it's hard to believe; greater and better than any tailoring offer you ever saw. How to got all your own clothes freet how to make all your spending money in your extra spare time, how to become more important, influential and prosperous. Don't wait, don't put it off, write us your name and address , today, this very minute. Address  CHICAGO BANNER TAILORING CO., DEPT. 507 Central 104-W Telephones: Main 61 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 1607 Williamson Building Cleveland, Ohio GEORGE A. DOUGLAS Counselor-at-Law 800 Broad Street, Globe Building, Rooms 603 and 604 Office'Phone. 3297 Mulberry .. . _ Residence'Phone. 5277-M Market NEWARK, N. J. General Practice Notary Public WILLIAM R. MORRIS ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 818 Metropolitan Life Building Minneapolis Minn. BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Office,: Suite 802 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Te l 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben EDGAR P. BENJAMIN ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR-AT-LAW 34 School Street Boston, Mass Telephone Connection W. Ashbie Hawkins George W. P. McMechcn HAWKINS &amp; McMECHEN ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW 21 East Saratoga Street Baltimore, Md. Telephone Central 3087 HARRY M. COOPER Druggists' Specialties Chemicals, Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Write for Quotations Room 612, 58 W. Washington St. CHICAGO, ILL DR. KAPLAN, Inc. OPTICIANS 531 Lenox Ave., New York Made to Your 195 Order JMs Special Offer jfl^H to prove our fine quality: ^H V These fine Pants for Dress or ^^^H^ Business, choice of many hand-somestyles t^^K/k guaranteed for 18 ^^^^  months solid wear and satisfac m tion or MONEY BACK, abso lute $5.00 value—while they last, one pair to a customer, express prepaid for only $1.95 No Extra Charges No charge for Big Extreme Peg Tops or Cuff Bottoms, nothing extra for Fancy Belt Loops or Pocket Flaps, no charge for Open Welt Seams or Large Sizes—all novelty This! features FRE EGoldFinished PIN FREEto you Classy, lapel pin with your first order, only a ... . few hundred on hand, get yours quick. to you for taking measures of relatives and neighbors. Young George Gekovich made$66.16 in one day. Write for free samples today Cash Profits Chicago Tailors Association Dept. B 12 • 515 South Franklin Street, Chicago Mention TH E CRISIS Ill III1HINIIII1&amp; the CRISIS Book mart You can order through the CRISIS any book printed at the regular publisher's price. "The true University of these days is a collection of books."—Carlyle. ft Selected Cist of Books These prices do not include postage. Postage extra. NATIVE LIFE IN SOUTH AFRICA. (Sol. J. Plaatje) $1.50 HAZEL. (Mary White Ovington) 1.00 TH E AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A N EX-COLORED MAN . . (Anonymous) . 1.20 NORRIS WRIGHT CUNEY. (Maud Cuney Hare) 1.50 TH E LIFE AND TIMES OF BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (B. F . Riley) 1.50 A NARRATIVE OF TH E NEGRO. (Leila Amos Pendleton) 1.50 SOULS OF BLAC K FOLK. (W. E. B. DU Bois) 1.25 TH E WHIT E MAN' S BURDEN. (T. Shirby Hodge) 1.00 RACE ADJUSTMENT. (Kelly Miller) 2.00 HISTORY OF TH E NEGRO. (B. G. Brawley) 1.25 HAL F A MAN . (Mary White Ovington) , 1.00 AFTERMAT H OF SLAVERY. (William Sinclair) 1.50 M Y LIFE AN D WORK. (Bishop Alexander Walters) 1.50 JOH N BROWN. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 1.25 NEGRO I N AMERICAN HISTORY. (J. W. Cromwell) 1.25 PRINCE HAL L AN D HIS FOLLOWERS. (George W. Crawford) . . 1.00 TH E HAITIAN REVOLUTION. (T. G. Steward) 1.25 NEGRO CULTURE I N WEST AFRICA. (George W. Ellis) 2.00 TH E NEGRO. (W. E. B. D U Bois) 60 TH E EDUCATION OF TH E NEGRO PRIOR TO 1861. (Carter G. Woodson) 2.00 FACTS OF RECONSTRUCTION. (John R. Lynch) 1.50 LIFE AND LETTERS OF COLERIDGE-TAYLOR. (W. C. Berwick- Sayers) 2.25 POEMS OF PAUL LAURENCE DUNBAR 2.00 AFRO-AMERICAN FOLKSONGS. (H. E. Krehbiel) 2.00 OUT OF THE HOUSE OF BONDAGE. (Kelly Miller) 1.50 BOOKER T. WASHINGTON. (Emmett J. Scott and Lyman Beecher Stowe) 2.00 Address, TH E CRISIS, : : : : : 70 Fifth Avenue, New York