The Crisis The CRISIS Vol. 19-No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1919 Whole No. 109 ONE DOLLAR A YEAR TEN CENTS A COPY "Hew to the Line" To-day AS NEVER BEFORE THE National Association for the Advancement of Colored People NEEDS THE SUPPORT OF EVERY AMERICAN WHO BELIEVES IN LAW AND ORDER. W E APPEAL TO EVERY RIGHT THINKING WHITE MAN AND WOMAN TO SUPPORT OUR FIGHT FOR THE LEGALRIGHTS OF THE NEGRO. IF OUR METHOD OF LEGAL AND CONSTITUTIONAL MEANS FAILS, ONLY CHAOS CAN FOLLOW. T O EVERY COLORED MAN AND WOMAN WE SAY—STANDFIRM! AMERICAN PUBLIC OPINION WILL RALLY TO OUR CAUSE, WHICH IS AMERICA'S CAUSE, IF all THE FORCES FOR JUSTICE CAN BE ORGANIZED TO FIGHT TOGETHER. IF SECTIONAL DIFFICULTIES HINDER OUR ADVANCE, we will not retreat! IN EVERY LEGITIMATE, LAWFUL WAY WE ARE GOING TO FIGHT. TH E HARDER THE OPPOSITION, THEFIRMER WILL BE OUR STAND. LYNCHINGS AND RACE RIOTS DO NOT CAUSE US TO FEAR. THE Y ONLY MAKE US MORE DETERMINED TOFIGHT ON AND ON UNTIL ALL INJUSTICE AND VIOLENCE BASED ON COLOR PREJUDICE IS DONE AWAY WITH—NEVER TO RETURN. WHILE THE PRESENT MAY SEEM DARK TO SOME, THE FUTURE HAS NEVER BEEN SO BRIGHT. " Hew to the Line, let the chips fall where they may '' Join The National Association for the Advancement of Colored People WHICH STRIVES BY EVERY LEGITIMATE AND LAWFUL MEANS TO "MAKE ELEVEN MILLION AMERICANS PHYSICALLY FREE FROM PEONAGE, MENTALLY FREE FROM IGNORANCE, POLITICALLY FREE FROM DISFRANCHISEMENT AND SOCIALLY FREE FROM INSULT." Date--1919 The CRISIS is sent without further charge to members paying two dollars and fifty cents or more. Joel E . Spingarn, Acting Treasurer, 70 Fifth Avenue, New York. SIR : I enclose $ in payment of membership dues for one year in Jhe National Association for the Advancement of Colored People, stipulating that one dollar and fifty cents of any amount remitted Name. Street City and State- National Officers Executive Officers MOORFIELD STOREY, President Chairman of the Board MARY WHITE OVINGTON Vice-President JOHN R. SHILLADY, Secretary .. Major J. E. SPINGARN, Acting Treas. ARCHIBALD GRIMKE DR. W. E. B. DU BOIS, Director of REV. JOHN HAYNES HOLMES *Publications and Research BISHOP JOHN HURST JAMES W. JOHNSON, Field Sec'y WALTER F. WHITE, Assistant Sec'y CAPT. ARTHUR B. SPINGARN OSWALD GARRISON VILLARD 70 Fifth Avenue, New York City TH E CRISIS A RECORD OF THE DARKER RACES PUBLISHED MONTHLY AND COPYRIGHTED BY THE NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE, AT 70 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY. CONDUCTED BY W. E. BURGHARDT DU BOIS; JESSIE REDMON FAUCET, LITERARY EDITOR; AUGUSTUS GRANVILLE DILL, BUSINESS MANAGER. Vol. 19—No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1919 Whole No. 109 PICTURES Page COVER. Photograph by Battey. THE HONORABLE C. D. B. KING, Secretary of State and President-elect of Liberia, and Mrs. King 342 THE DECORATED COLORS OF THE FRENCH COLONIAL TROOPS 346 ARTICLES THE HOPE OF A NEGRO DRAMA. Willis Richardson 338 A LETTER 330 DEPARTMENTS OPINION 335 NATIONAL ASSOCIATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF COLORED PEOPLE 340 MEN OF THE MONTH 341 THE LOOKING GLASS 343 THE HORIZON 346 COMING ISSUES OF THE CRISIS The December CRISIS will be our annual Christmas Number, with its cover in colors and holiday cheer. TEN CENTS A COPY; ONE DOLLAR A YEAR FOREIGN SUBSCRIPTIONS TWENTY-FIVE CENTS EXTRA RENEWALS: The date of expiration of each subscription is printed on the wrapper. When the subscription is due, a blue renewal blank is enclosed. CHANGE OF ADDRESS: The address of a subscriber can be changed as often as desired. In ordering a change of address, both the old and the new address must be given. Two weeks' notice is required. MANUSCRIPTS and drawings relating to colored people are desired. They must be accompanied by return postage. If found unavailable they will be returned. Entered as second class matter November 2, 1910, at the post office at New York, New York, under the Act of March 3, 1879. 8 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER National Training School DURHAM, NORTH CAROLINA A School for the Training of Colored Young Men and Women for Service Though it is young in history, the Institution feels a just pride in the work thus far accomplished, for its graduates are already filling many responsible positions, thus demonstrating the aim of the school to train men and women for useful citizenship. DEPARTMENTS ALREADY ESTABLISHED The Grammar School The Teacher Training Department The Academy The Divinity School The School of Arts and Science* The Commercial Department The Department of Music The Department of Home Economics The Department of Social Service NEXT TERM OPENED SEPTEMBER 22, 1919 Fo r farther information and Catalog, address President James E. Shepard, Durham, North Carolina The Cheyney Train ing School for Teachers CHEYNEY, PENNA. A normal school of high grade for young colored men and women of good abilities, who desire to prepare themselves to be teachers. Courses include the regular academic and professional subjects, and special departments in domestic art, domestic science, manual training and agriculture. Board and tuition $125. Next regular term began Thursday, September 18, 1919. Summer school for teachers in active service, four weeks beginning July I. Board and tuition for the month $20.00. For fur ther particulars and catalog write Leslie Pinckney Hill, Principal, Cheyney, Penna. A. &amp; T. COLLEGE GREENSBORO, N. C. The NEGRO AGRICULTURAL and TECHNICAL COLLEGE offers to the Negro youth of the state opportunities that none can afford to neglect. 1. The English Department offers practical courses in Literary Training. 2. Mechanical graduates and undergraduates take high rank in Mechanical pursuits such as Carpentry, Bricklaying, Plastering, Blacksmithing, Auto-Mechanics and Broom-making, etc. 5. The Agricultural Department gives students carefully arranged work both in theoretical and practical branches of agriculture, as Dairying, Greenhouse Work, Poultry, Bee Culture, Field Crops, etc. 4. The Teacher Training Department prepares young men to meet the demands for trained industrial teachers. Graduates will find a useful and remunerative field. 6. The Reserve Officers' Training Corps, under direct supervision of U . S. Officers gives Physical and Military Training. Free uniforms in four years (4) worth about $160.00, and those who successfully and satisfactorily complete the first two years work cash fees allowed amounting to over $100.00 annually. Graduates from this division will be eligible for a commission from the President of the United States for position as Second Lieutenants in the U . S. Army. 6. Night School for those who cannot attend the Day Classes. Fall Term began September 1st, 1919 Lodging capacity limited to 150 students. Those preferring to room on campus should arrange Lodging Reservations at once. For further information, address J. B. DUDLEY, President Mention The Crisis TH E CRISIS Atlanta University la beautifully located Is the City of Atlanta, G». The courses of study include High School, normal School and College, with Manual training andof Yale, Harvard, Dartmouth and Wellesley. Fifty years of successful work have been completed. Students Mm* from all parts of the south. Graduates are almost universally successful. For further Information address President EDWARD T. WARE ATLANTA, OA. IN NEW YORK CITY as in other communities throughout the country LINCOLN UNIVERSITY graduates are AT THE TOP in Medicine, Ministry, Law and Social Service. Sixty-fifth year in College and Theological Seminary opened September 23, 1919 For catalog and information address President John B. Rendall, D. D. Lincoln University Chester County, Pa. 1870 1919 CLARK UNIVERSITY ATLANTA, GEORGIA Beautiful campus overlooking the dtj. Comfortable buildings with modern conveniences); talented faculty; Timorous, religious atmosphere, ex cell ant library and laboratories; &lt;*-educational; athletics. Admission only by application. Course of Study: Domestlo Science. Public Speaking, Music Pre-Academy, Seventh and Eighth Grade*. Academy or High School, four years with diploma. Pre- Medical, two years above academy. Normal, two years above academy with diploma. College, four years with AB degree. Fiftieth year opened September 24, 1919. Expenses, $16-00 per month will com all necessary expanses. HARRY ANDREWS KING. Pr«id«t The Florida Agricultural anb Mechanical College Offers courses to leading certificates, diplomas and degrees. Nathan B- Young, President Tallahassee, Florida WILEY UNIVERSITY MARSHALL, TEXAS Recognized as a college of the First Class by Texas and Louisiana State Boards of Education. Harvard, Yale and Columbia represented on its faculty; students gathered from ten different states. Strongest Music Department in the West M. W. BOG AN, President 333 ADVERTISER MOREHOUSE COLLEGE (Formerly Atlanta Baptist College) ATLANTA, GA. domestic science. Among- the teachers are graduates College, Academy, Divinity School A n institution famous within recent years for its emphasis on all sides of manly development—the only institution in the far South devoted solely to the education of Negro young men. Graduates given high ranking by greatest northern universities. Debating, Y. M. C A., athletics, all live features. For information, address JOHN HOPE, President FISK UNIVERSITY NASHVILLE, TENN. Founded 1866 Thorough Literary, Scientific, Educational, Musical and Social Science Courses. Pioneer in Negro music. Special study in Negro life. Ideal and sanitary buildings and grounds. Well-equipped Science building. Christian home life. High standard of independent manhood and womanhood. For literature, etc., write FAYETTE AVERY McKENZIE, President BIDDLE UNIVERSITY CHARLOTTE. N. C Biddie University, operated under the auspice of the Northern Presbyterian Church, ha. four Depart ment*—High Scbool, Art. and Science. Theological and Industrial. The completion of a Grammar School course Is the requirement for entrance to thefirst rear of the Hlsh School. The School of Arts and Sciences offers two courses of study, the Classical and the Scientific. In the scientific, German Is substituted for Greek or Latin. The entrance requirement for the Freshman Class Is IS units of High School wore. The Theological Department offers two course,, each consisting of three years. Thefirst Is purely English. Greek and Hebrew are taught In the others. All student. In the High School Dept. are required to take trades In the Industrial Dept. For further Information, address Fresldest H. L. MeCrarey, Charlotte, N. C. Morris Brown University Atlanta, Ca . Co-Educational The largest institution of learning in the South owned and controlled by Negroes. Faculty of specialists , trained in some of the best universities in the North and in the South. Noted for high standard of scholarship; industrial emphasis and positiveChristian athletics under faculty supervision. Expenses reasonable. Location central and healthful. Departments: Theology, College Preparatory, Nor mal, Commercial, Musical, Domestic Science, Nurse Training. Sewing, Printing and Tailoring. First Semester began September 10, 1919. For further information address W. A. FOUNTAIN, President BISHOP J, S. Flipper. Chairman Trustee Board Mention THE CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER MEDICAL COLLEGE OF HOWARD UNIVERSITY Next Session Opens October 1, 1919 ADMISSION Candidates for admission must be graduates of approved Colleges or Scientific Schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German, or graduates of recognized high schools with two years of instruction, including laboratory work, in physics, chemistry and biology, English, mathematics and French or German. INSTRUCTION The course of instruction occupies four years, and especial emphasis is laid upon practical work in the laboratories, in the wards of the Freedman's Hospital and in the Dispensary. Full corps of instructors, well equipped laboratories, unexcelled hospital facilities. The Medical College is rated in Class A by the Council on Medical Education of the American Medical Association and is a member of the Association of American Medical Colleges. Recognized by the Conjoint Board of England. THE DENTAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies four years. Unexcelled facilities for practical work. THE PHARMACEUTICAL COLLEGE Requires for admission the completion of a recognized four-year high school course. The course of instruction occupies three years and leads to the degree of Pharmaceutical Chemist. The annual announcement, application blanks and additional information concerning either course may be obtained by addressing WILLIAM C. McNEILL, Secretary Fifth and W Streets, N.W., Washington, D. C. What would you like to do? Here's what our graduates are doing. Principals of district schools 163 Teachers in rural schools 296 Principals in secondary or high schools... 24 Teachers in grammar or high schools.... 90 Doctors 41 Lawyers 5 Dentists 8 Pharmacists 3 Druggists 10 Working at trades 302 Bankers 1 V. S. Government Service 38 Jcanes teachers 7 Directors of book establishments 2 Editors and Journalists 8 Bookkeepers 15 U. S. Farm Demonstrators 2 Undertakers and Embalmers 6 Contractors and Builders 8 U. S. Bureau of Education 1 Farmers 340 Housekeepers 498 Dead and unaccounted for 398 Total 2266 SOLDIERS IN THE GREAT WAR.... 235 State Agricultural and Mechanical Institute NORMAL, ALA. WALTER S. BUCHANAN, President DOLLS—DOLLS Beautiful Colored Dolls and Calendars With Negro Subjects for 1920 Sleeping eye, solid bisque, fully jointed, natural brown color, dark hair, eighteen inches high. Sent prepaid for $4.00. This is without a doubt one of the greatest doll bargains of the season. These dolls are popular priced and fully guaranteed to be just as represented. Al l bisque Kewpie doll, no hair, fifteen inches high, sent prepaid for $2.25. A great line of Art and Commercial Calendars for the home and for the advertising trade; about thirty-five subjects from which to select, including rural and various scenes. Prices, $4.00, $5.00 and $9.00 per hundred $30.00, $40.00 and $80.00 per thousand. Samples for agents sent for 50c. Our agents are doing well selling these goods. This is one of the best bargains of the season. Send for samples and make money. Address: OTIS H. GADSDEN 63 Park Row, New York, N. Y. THE CRISIS Vol. 19 No. 1 NOVEMBER, 1919 Whole No. 109 Opinionof W.E.B. DuBois OUR NINTH BIRTHDAY FORGIVE US, while we hide our diminished head. We had contracted for a new, large suit of clothes on our Ninth Birthday, and behold us, in short clothes. Forgive us, it is the Printers' Strike. A STATEMENT AT no previous period in the of the National Association for the history of the Negro inAmerica has he been confronted with a more critical situation than today. The forces of prejudice against which we are fighting seem determined to keep twelve millions of Americans in that bondage of prejudice because of race, while those twelve millions are determined as never before to achieve the status of citizens—full and unlimited by caste or color. When two forces of such magnitude meet, a critical situation is inevitable and such a one is upon us today. There are those who are attempting to becloud the issue by declaring that the present unrest and discontent is due to influences other than natural resentment against wrong. Such persons are making such absurd statements either through ignorance of the facts or because they know the facts and are attempting to shift the responsibility for the half-century of lynching, disfranchisement, neon-age, "Jim-Crowism" and injustice of every sort practiced on the Negro. We do not countenance violence. Our fight is against violence. We are fighting—as we always have fought —for the reign of law over the reign of the mob. No sane man or woman 335 can for a minute advise any group to use the torch or the gun to right the wrong of • violence. Only in self defense can such a course ever be considered justifiable. But we must fight and we are going to fight in every legitimate and lawful way until our problem is entirely settled. To do this we need greater organization, energy, funds and courage than ever before. The call is to you to rally to the support Advancement of Colored People and help in the fight to make America safe for the colored man. WRITE THE following resolution has been introduced into both houses of Congress: RESOLVED, "That the Committee States Senate be, and it is hereby, authorized and directed at as early a date as possible, by subcommittee, to investigate the race riots in the city of Washington, District of Columbia, and other cities of the United States, and to investigate lynchings which have occurred in different parts of the United States, and to ascertain as far as possible the causes for such race riots and lynchings, and report what remedy or remedies should be employed to prevent the recurrence of the same; said subcommittee shall have power to have meetings in any part of the United States, to call and examine witnesses, to examine papers, and to take such action as may be necessary to secure the facts." Will every reader of TH E CRISIS write or wire his senator and representative urging the 336 THE adoption of this resolution? Do not wait. Act now! When you have done this, get your friends to do likewise. A CHURCH PLATFORM IT is extremely difficult to get the white church to take a decided stand on any burning social question. W e welcome, therefore, the "Constructive Program for Just Inter-Racial Relations" issued recently by the Federal Council of Churches of Christ in America. In brief, it follows: The Government, local, state and national, should impartially guarantee to all classes security of life and property. The Negro should have economic justice. We call upon men and women everywhere to protect the sanctity of home and womanhood. Adequate recreational provisions should be made available for Negro citizens. We strongly endorse the plea of the Negro for equal traveling accommodations for equal charges. Adequate educational facilities for Negro children and youth should be provided. Qualifications for the franchise should be administered irrespective of race, creed or color. Closer co-operation between the races should be promoted by organizing local committees of white and colored people. THE GOVERNORS THE Governors' program of racial adjustment falls flat on its first proposal: , "It is imperatively urgent that lynching be prevented. "1. B y the enlistment of Negroes themselves in preventing crimes that provoke mob violence." The most prevalent crime in the United States that provokes mob violence is the crime of being black. Alleged rape causes only 19 per cent of the lynchings of Negroes in the United States, and it is doubtful if CRISIS half the alleged cases are true. Again, the only way to endow Negroes with that crime or any other crime is to give them the ballot, and this the Governors were afraid to demand. THE PLUMB PLAN THE Plumb Plan for railroad management in the United States is the best proposed so far. It includes govern ment ownership and operation by employees and the government in partnership. The underlying principle of permitting the workingmen to share in the conduct of industry is absolutely correct. The monarchic business institution that "belongs" to one man or group and refuses to allow those who do the work to have any decisive voice or influence in the conduct of the business is doomed.Industrial vote in industry by the workers. THE LEAGUE OF NATIONS THE colored folk want the League of Nations. The proposed League is not the best conceivable—indeed, in some respects it is the worst. But the worst Internation is better than the present anarchy in international relations. This anarchy has just cost civilization two hundred thousand millions of dol lars, eight million corpses, twenty million maimed pieces of men and untold and untellable waste, destruc tion, sorrow, misery and crime. To save human culture from a repetition of the Great War, a gov ernment of governments is proposed. In its present form it is oligarchic, reactionary, restricted and conserva tive, and it gives Imperialism, partic ularly Imperial England, unwarranted preponderance. Nevertheless, it has a democratic Assembly, it recognizes no color line, and it can enforce peace. No opponent of the League offers anything better that has the slightest chance of adoption. Most opponents want no League at all. They want a swashbuckling anarchy, with a Jingo United States veiling in chorus with Jingoes of all Europe. OPINION 337 What boots it to complain now that Wilson did not stand to his moral guns at Paris, or that Egypt, India and Ireland are not free? Will they be any freer or the world any safer without some international bond of reason and sanity ? No. Let us have the League with all its autocracy and then in the League let us work for Democracy of all races and men. HONESTY IT is characteristic of the inner spiritual turmoil of our race that the old homely morality should totter on its foundations; that our boys and girls—aye, our men and women — should seriously question whether it really pays to tell the truth, to refrain from theft or to refuse to spread malicious gossip. Without that fine feeling of honor which needs no proof, it is often difficult in this day and land to point to the true worth of honesty and probity. There comes now and then, however, a flash of revealing lightning. Out in Nebraska ninety-eight white dental students bought copies of examination questions before the test. One looked, but did not buy. One did not even look, and he was a Negro. If the Negro had yielded to the temptation, our charming friends would have found but one more proof of racial dishonesty. So this young man, John Singleton, bore on his shoulders, not simply his personal honor, but the honor of a great race, standing there "within the shadow, keeping watch." SOCIAL EQUALITY VER Y time the American Negro seeks reasonably and earnestly to bring his case before the white South and the nation the bourbons proceed to throw dust in the eyes of the public by screaming frantically, "Social Equality." That bogey can be easily met: If "Social Equality" means the right to vote, the abolition of "Jim-Crow" cars, the stoppage of lynching, universal education and civil rights, then social equality is exactly what we want and what eventually we will and must have. If, on the other hand, "Social Equality" involves the denial of the social right of any individual of any race or color to choose his own marital mate dinner companions — in fine, to be master of his own home, then no sane person ever dreamed of demanding the slightest interference with such an obvious right, and any one who accuses Negroes of such a demand writes himself down as an ass or a deliberate liar. HEROES WE stand with uncovered heads before the tens of thousands of black men and women of the South who are fighting the real battle of Freedom. They are striking no blows —they are using no violence—they are uttering no threats—in most cases they are speaking no word. But they are standing with bleeding souls and streaming eyes, silently, steadfastly, before the altar of their own beliefs and aspirations. Not once by word, deed or gesture do they flinch. They believe themselves the equals of any man, and not all the mobs of the bourbon South—not even death and torture—can make them deny it. Neither by money nor fear can they be induced to betray their race, either by the cringing deed or by the lying admission; in the face of the slobbering "white folks' nigger" with his soothing syrup of false flattery and lies, they stand unmoved. They seek peace and self-respect, but before everything, they insist upon respecting themselves. Their white neighbors know and secretly honor them. They wonder how such souls can live and endure the lot of the Negro in the South. Yet they do live, they do endure, and in God's good time such martyrdom must and shall win. OPHELIA OPHELIA has selected a home. She had twenty-six states and one hundred and forty - six towns to choose from! THE HOPE OF A NEGRO DRAMA WILLIS RICHARDSON IS it true that there is coming into exist ence in America a Negro Drama which at some future day may equal in excellence the American Negro Music? If the signs of the times do not point to such a thing, we must change their direction and make them point the right way; we must have a Negro Drama. There is no doubt that the Negro has a natural poetic gift; neither is there any doubt that a dramatist is fundamentally a poet; therefore, in order to help towards this, something may be done if some of our numerous poets will consent to rest from their usual labors for a while and lend a hand towards the writing of Negro plays. There need be no groping for subject matter. Here is a wealth of material, a mine of pure gold. I know of no field which is richer for the purpose of so democratic an art. But to attain this end, to obtain the wealth of this mine, will require diligent toil—the honest sweat of the brain. As Sir Arthur W. Pinero says in reference to playwriting generally: "When you sit in your stall at the theater and see a play moving across the stage, it all seems so easy and natural, you feel as though the author had improvised it. The characters, being, let us hope, ordinary human beings, say nothing very remarkable, nothing, you think — thereby paying the author, the highest possible compliment—that might not quite as well have occurred to you. When you take up a playbook (if you ever do take up one), it strikes you as being a very trifling thing—a mere insubstantial .pamphlet beside the imposing bulk of the latest six-shilling novel. Little do you guess that every page of the play has cost more care, severer mental tension, if not more actual manual labor, than any chapter of a novel, though it be fifty pages long." When I say Negro plays, I do not mean merely plays with Negro characters. Dramatizations of Harriet Beecher Stowe's "Uncle Tom's Cabin" and Gustave Flaubert's "Salammbo" did net make Negro plays, although they had important Negro characters. » Miss' Grimke's "Rachel" is nearer the idea; still even this, with its Negro characters, is not exactly the thing I mean. It is called a propaganda play, and a great portion of it shows the manner in which Negroes are treated by white people in the United States. That such a work is of service will be acknowledged by anyone who will examine many of the plays of Shaw, Galsworthy and Brieux. « Still there is another kind of play; the play that shows the soul of a people; and the soul of this people is truly worth showing. Mr. Ridgley Torrence, with good and Mr. Robert E. Jones, has accom plished it. "Granny Maumee," "The Rider of Dreams" and "Simon, the Cyrenian" are Negro plays; and we can never thank Mr. Torrence enough for such an excellent beginning of a movement we hope to continue. Miss Mary Burrill in "Aftermath" has also written a fine play; and these two examples prove the richness of the subject matter. A n excellent model, and one by which we ought to profit, is the case of the Irish National Theater, the history of which may be learned elsewhere. M y point is this: that with no richer material, and among a population of less than five millions, the Irish have built a national drama, encouraged and sustained playwrights, who are respected the same as are the other members of their profession in larger countries, and trained a company of actors who have made a decent living by their work on the stage. Had it not been for the Irish Theater, perhaps such names as Synge, Yeats and Lady Gregory, Ervine have been known among the world dramatists. As it is, they stand high and are honored. This being the case, what ought the Negro Drama in the United States be capable of among a population of fundamentally artistic people, which twice outnumbers the population of Ireland ? The Negro has some natural ability for fine acting on account of his skill in imitation and on account of the mellowness of his voice. Take the sharp Caucasian "I" and compare it with the mellow "Ah " of Negro dialect. The "I" prolonged for a second changes to the sharper "E" ; but the "Ah " prolonged continues its mellow sound unchanged. A similar difference may be seen in comparing the Caucasian "my" with the "ma" of Negro dialect. But even with these two assets to fine acting—mimicry and mellow tone of voice—there are yet other things necessary for the making of the finished actor; and not least among these other things is skill in interpretation. Skill in interpretation is more the fruit of long and careful training than it is a gift of nature. This being the case, it naturally follows that if the Negro actor is given long and careful training, he will make his mark on the stage. Mr. George Jean Nathan in his volume, "Mr. George Jean Nathan Presents," has a chapter called "The Black Art" in which he pays many compliments to . the Negro actor. One of the things he says is that the Negro is better fitted to play Shakespearean parts than the Caucasian, because the 338 A LETTER sweetness of the Negro tones is so well suited to the poetry of Shakespeare. Mr. Nathan hates to acknowledge it, but he thinks that the part of Othello should always be played by a Negro actor, since a Negro actor is as well fitted for that part as a white actress is fitted for the part of Desdemona. These are very encouraging things, but Mr. Nathan spoils the chapter just as he spoils the book by trying to be funny. He says words to the effect that we are all "porters, waiters and cooks"; and at some place in the chapter he goes so far as to call us "coons." And as I was reading his book, I was thinking that among these "porters, waiters and cooks" perhaps there were some with a little vision, a few ideas and a sufficient knowledge of dramatic technique to make plays out of the interesting things in the lives of these "porters, waiters and cooks." I am very sure that all those broad-minded people who are intelligently interested in the welfare and development of the Negro race in America will be delighted when we shall be able to send a company of Negro Players with Negro Plays across our own continent; and those intelligent people who have never been interested in us will surely give us a second thought when we send our Negro Plays and Players to show hitherto unknown things to the artistic peoples of Europe. A LETTER A WEE K ago an old friend of mine whom I had not seen for twenty years came to see me. After talking of old school days and friends, both of us asking and answering many questions, my friend asked, "And what did you think of the Washington and Chicago riots 1" When I had answered that question she said, "I wish you would send that answer to THE CRISIS, just as you have told it to me, so that our men can know how we women have felt and how we feel now." And so I am sending this, regardless of the fact that I am unused to writing for publication. I said this: ''The Washington riot gave me the thrill that comes once in a life time. I was alone when I read between the lines of the morning paper that at last our men had stood like men, struck back, were no longer dumb, driven cattle. When I could no longer read for my streaming tears, I stood up, alone in my room, held both hands high over my head and .exclaimed aloud: 'Oh, I thank God, thank God!' When I remember anything after this, I was prone on my bed, beating the pillow with both fists, laughing and crying, whimpering like a whipped child, for sheer gladness and madness. The pent-up humiliation, grief and horror of a life time—half a century— was being stripped from me. Only colored women of the south know the extreme in suffering and humiliation. "We know how many insults we have borne silently, for we have hidden many of them from our men because we did not want them to die needlessly in our defense; we know the sorrow of seeing our boys and girls grow up, the swift stab of the heart at night to the sound of a strange footstep, the feel of a tigress to spring and claw the white man with his lustful look at our comely daughters, the deep humiliation of sitting in the Jim Crow part of a street car and hear the white men laugh and discuss us, point out the good and bad points of our bodies. God alone knows the many things colored women have borne here in the South in silence. "And, too, a woman loves a strong man, she delights to feel that her man can protect her, fight for her, if necessary, save her. "No woman loves a weakling, a coward, be she white or black, and some of us have been near to thinking our men cowards, but thank God for Washington colored men! Al l honor to them, for they first blazed the way and right swiftly did Chicago men follow. They put new hope, a new vision into their almost despairing women. "God grant that our men everywhere refrain from strife, provoke no quarrel, but that they protect their women and homes at any cost." A Southern Colored Woman. I'm sure the editor will understand why cannot sign my name. NOTICE ON account of the strike of the printers in New York City nearly all the large magazines have stopped publication. THE CRISIS will not stop, but is compelled this month to appear a little later and with fewer pages instead of the enlarged number which we planned. We beg the indulgence of our readers. We promise a magazine in the future which will repay them for their patience and loyalty. National • Associatio n • fo r • the -* Advancement-of Colored-People. LEGAL DEFENSE FUND ATthe September meeting of the Board of Directors of the N. A. A. C. P. it •was decided to appeal to the country for an adequate legal defense fund for use in defending the victims of race riots and race discrimination. Such a fund has long been needed. Heretofore the Association has been compelled almost wholly to rely upon the •volunteer services of busy members of its National Board for such legal aid as was needed and as could be given. Even if the services of busy lawyers were freely offered, as was the case when Mr. Storey carried the Segregation case to the Supreme Court of the United States and won so great a victory, there would still remain heavy incidental charges which would have to be met, if the rights of colored people are adequately to be defended when fundamental issues are involved. Al l practical people know that volunteer work has definite limitations. Will the lovers of justice and fair play, the believers in a "square deal" for the Negro—all those of both races who realize the menace to America of rank injustice unrebuked, contribute $50,000 for a N . A . A . C. P. Legal Defense Fund, by December 1, 1919 ? Neither in Washington, Chicago, Omaha, of the bar in Chicago, Mr S. S. Gregory, Knoxville, Charleston, Longview, have Negroes been the aggressors We would be glad to believe that the danger is passed, that no other Negro haters will rise to disgrace the fair name of an American city, that none who fought or acclaimed a war to "make the world safe for democracy," will seek to deprive Negroes of their rights to "life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness" in accordance with our fundamental law. But we face a condition, not a theory. In Chicago, for example, a Grand Jury actually refused to consider any more indictments of alleged rioters unless and until the prosecuting officers brought some white men before them, so flagrantly discriminating and unjust were they forced to regard a situation where, in a riot brought on by white men, almost none but colored men had up to that date (a week after rioting had ceased) been charged with rioting. Even such a Jury, however, is at the mercy of the prosecuting officers. In one particularly "raw deal" only the vigilance and persistence of an N . A . A . C. P. investigator brought about the indictment of a white police officer and a federal government employee who had rushed through the colored district, firing right and left into the houses of colored people and at colored passers-by. Although these men had been recognized as officers at the hospital where they were treated after their automobile had been wrecked by running against a police patrol used as a barricade, they were unmolested for weeks until the Association's agent in person presented irrefutable evidence against them to the foreman of the before-mentioned Grand Jury and afterwards to the Grand Jury itself. For such service as this, and to protect and safeguard the legal rights of friendless and poor colored men, funds must be available. No surer preventive of mob ruthlessness cial negligence or malevolence could be provided, than for all such to know for a certainty that some strong, sane organization, backed by responsible citizens, white and colored, and with ADEQUATE FUNDS was prepared to defend colored people's rights in the courts and to see that justice was done them everywhere. Furthermore, Negroes must not be left the sting and virus that inevitably results from a sense of justice denied. No man, because he is black and poor, should be permitted with reason to believe that America, or Americans with white skins (for the machinery of Government and law is controlled by white men) have trampled upon his liberties or denied him the equal protection of the laws. Imbued with this spirit, an eminent leader has volunteered his services without fee, as leading counsel, to protect the legal interests of, and secure equal justice for, all colored men indicted in the Chicago Riots situation. Mr. Gregory is a former President of the American Bar Association, a former president of both the Illinois State Bar Association and the Chicago Bar Association, and was for a time special counsel to the Federal Trade Commission. Associated with him as managing counsel is Ex-State Senator James J. Barbour, likewise a lawyer of high standing at the Illinois Bar. The immediate supervision of Chicago legal defense matters is in the hands of the Legal Committee of the Chicago Branch of the N . A. A. C. P., which, in cooperation with the Association's National Board, has assumed responsibility for providing such adequate legal advice and defense as may be required. The members of the Chicago Legal Committee of the N. A. A. C. P. are Former Judge Edward Osgood Brown, Former Judge Robert McMurdy, George Packard, Esq., of Miller, Starr, Brown Packard &amp; Peckham, and Mr. Marcus Hirschl. Cooperating are members of the Cook County Bar Association, composed of colored lawyers, who began work on behalf of colored defendants after the riot subsided. 340 MEN OF THE MONTH In advance of the raising of an adequate our readers, believe enough in securing Legal Defense Fund, the National Board at equal justice to the black man to give your its September meeting voted to put the sum share? Justice must be assured him. There of $5,000 at the service of the Chicago are but two alternatives—one, the N . A . A . Branch for legal defense. Chicago is at C. P. way of legal defense when rights are work raising funds to supplement the amount so advanced, under the joint ausdenied or imperiled, the other, chaos and pices of a group of representative public black ruin. We appeal to the law. Your welfare and religious organizations, whose money will make our appeal concrete. We cooperation has been secured. speak, not of abstract rights but of concrete ones, menaced by race hatred and national $50,000 for a Legal Defense Fund. Do you, neglect. The National Board appeals now for Men of the Month Dr. N. H. B. Cassel Miss Jessie R. Fauset The late John Merrick H E Honorable C. D. B. King, Secretary of State of Liberia and President-elect, accompanied by Mrs. King, have been visiting in the United States. In Washington they were entertained by the Liberian Consul-General, Dr. Ernest Lyons, and a committee of colored citizens. They were presented to the President of the United States, the Vice-President, the Secretary of State and the Chairman of the Foreign Relations Committee. In New York they were entertained by the Masons and a public meeting was held at Ethical Culture Hall. In Boston they were banqueted by the mayor and others. Liberia College is represented in this country by Dr. N . H . B. Cassell, its president. The college needs an endowment of $500,000—$100,000 for buildings and $25,000 a year for running expenses. Dr. Cassell has headquarters at the Church Missions House, New York City, and would be glad to give information to interested persons. Miss Jessie Redmon Fauset joined TH E CRISIS staff last month as Literary Editor. She has for many years been a contributor to our pages. She was born in Philadelphia, educated in the public schools, holding the alumnae scholarship in the High School for Girls, and afterward took her Bachelor's degree at Cornell, where she gained the Phi Beta Kappa key. She has studied in Paris and at the University of Pennsylvania, holding a University scholarship, and took her Master's degree there last June. Formerly Miss Fauset taught Latin and French in the Dunbar High School, Washington, D. C. John Merrick was first a bricklayer and then a barber at Durham, N . C. He early began to invest his money in Negro business enterprises and became founder and presi The Honorable C. D. B. King, Secretary of State and President elect of Liberia, and Mrs. King. employs 700 agents. Mr. Merrick died recently dent of the North Carolina Mutual LifeInsurance Company, which today has large numbers of white and colored citizens. 342 THE Looking Glass LITERATURE CHARLES BERTRAM JOHNSON, in his "Songs of My People": M y people laugh and sing And dance to death,— None imagining The heartbreak under breath. We have received Smile, a magazine of the Hoffman Preparatory School in Chicago, 111., which was edited, and edited well, by Albeit J. Nolan, the only colored student in the school's student-body of two hundred and eighty. The "Story of Slavery" is the name of a little pamphlet by the late Booker T. Washington, dealing very briefly and a trifle too leniently with this unhappy subject. Miss Tracy D. Mygatt sends us "Good Friday, A Passion Play of Now," which deals with the treatment of the "conscientious objector." It is very dramatic and reaches a really thrilling denouement. The Birth Control Review for September is the Negro Number. It contains a one-act play of Negro life, "They That Sit in Darkness," by Mary Burrill, and a short story, "The Closing Door," by Angelina W. Grimke. The workmanship of Miss Burrill's play is good, but it is written too obviously to point a moral. "The Closing Door" is in exquisite vein and is very readable, indeed. JAPAN OPENS FIRE AMERICA ' S attitude toward her dark inhabitants, too long at variance with her professions of humaneness, has pro question. voked the wide-spread notice of the Japanese press. The Asahi, Osaka, says of the Washington riots: What an irony that such disturbances should have occurred in the capital of America, the protagonist of the League of Nations! Most of the American papers fear that if all the Negroes, who amount to over 10 per cent of the whole population of America, should rise in revolt, the consequences will be very serious. Apprehension alone, however, does not suffice to remedy the situation. Is it not most urgently necessary to rectify the arrogant attitude of the whites toward, not only the black, but other colored races? The Maninichi, another Osaka paper, says on the same subject: The principle of humanity not being executed in the country which professes to vindicate that principle, bloody strife occurred in its capital, and the authorities are trying to prevent serious disturbances by proclaiming martial law. American statesmen, not to mention Mr. Wilson, should first satisfy the 10,000,000 Negroes in America, before meddling in the affairs of other countries, on the plea of justice and humanity. They discriminate the racial white from black, but confound the logical white and black, and attempt to dictate to the world. If they are not crazy, they are foolish. The Daily Nippu Fiji, Honolulu, draws a parallel between the treatment of Koreans by Japanese and the treatment of black Americans by white: Generally speaking, misunderstandings and clashes, which arc liable to come up among different races, arc quite the order of the day. As regards the Korean uprisings, all the wrongs are not necessarily on the side of the Japanese government, but unfortunate events have taken place. The recent clash between the whites and blacks in America is another example of conflict which has risen from racial misunderstanding. Discriminatory treatment of the Negroes by the whites, who exercised it to the furthest degree, is the price of the clashes and the general effect arising therefrom. The Negroes may have many shortcomings and faults, but that this is the time for the American people to reflect seriously upon this important question is the consensus of opinion of the leading Americans. Certain elements among the Americans, finding a capital opportunity in the Korean question, make it an excuse foranti-Japanese question furnishes materials for the abuse and criticism of militarism in Japan. But, who knows but that the United States, the symbol of democracy and liberty, is being confronted with the Negro question far more seriously than the Korean We can not applaud the extreme militarism of Japan. We are for the correction of militaristic tendency in the country. At the same time, we cannot give our endorsement to the mistreatment of the Negroes in America, who are persecuted by the whites in the name of democracy. Japan rose to correct its wrong done to Korea in the past. When will the United States solve the Negro problem ? And finally the Yorodzu, Tokyo, scores that other arch-oppressor of dark peoples— Great Britain:. What races have been and are being persecuted by the whites ? Indians, though subjects of Great Britain, are not given treatment in South Africa such as is becoming human beings; they are not permitted to enter Australia. This alone suffices to cause racial war. How are the Indians governed in their own country? • According to the reports of The Times, at the end of last year 3,000,000 died from influenza during October and November, 7,000 out of a total population of 30,000, or about 22.5 per cent, dying in some cases. The average income of the Indian is 19 yen, of which 3.70 yen, or about 20 per cent, is paid as taxes. Of a total population of 315,000,000 in India, 295,000, 343 THE 000, or 94 per cent, are illiterate. Indians live in such conditions under British rule. In view of this fact, it may be asked if Great Britain is qualified to speak of the "yellow peril." It is said that Great Britain is a country of ideals and America of humanity, but things happen in the two countries which are contrary to the principle of ideals and humanity. Even the Negroes, who are most despised by the whites, have made a considerable intellectual advance and will not bow to unreason. Have Europeans and Americans not been urging that no other races or peoples should be subjected to unreasonable pressure? Are they not able to find food for thought in the racial troubles now occurring in various countries and set about amending their own attitude? As things stand there is little hope for the maintenance of future peace. THE NEGRO "IS NOT WITHOUT HONOR SAVE—" JEAN BOILEAU throws some light on a discussion which has been pretty widely mooted in the American press in the last CRISIS French society or French citizenship. French women are criticized because of their love for colored soldiers. But why should they hate Negroes as such ? Or why should they even ignore them for no other reason than their color ? The Negroes' very polite, sincere manner, their exemplary conduct among the French civilians and their reckless, brave and courageous conduct on the firing line won the hearts, not only of the French women, but also of the French people as a whole. These brown skin sons: of America were conceded to be the most lovable of all foreign soldiers on French soil. If French girls are to be regarded as unworthy because of their affection for these men of color, then the French people as a whole must for the same reason be deemed unworthy. The French people do not discriminate against their own colonials on account of their color. They honor and respect them. It was the mighty Senegalese who saved the day for their beloved France in the first battle of the Marne. And France is not ashamed to acknowledge her indebtedness to these conquering sons of Africa. The few months. M . Boileau writes in the Baltimore Evening Sun: French girls would regard as unreasonable I should prefer to remain silent on the question of the comparative merits of the American and the French girls. But since so much is being said in your Forum, favorable and unfavorable to the girls of France. I beg to state what I and thousands of other Frenchmen believe to be the main cause of all this hostile criticism of the women of my native land. The main cause of this criticism is found in a letter to your Forum of the 6th instant signed by "Allen P. Sadtler." Your correspondent unwittingly "gives the game away" when he says that "the good French girl loves a Negro." This fact of French women's love for American Negroes is the taproot of the unfavorable comments made by white Americans against French women. French women were urged not to mingle with colored American soldiers. They were told many awe-inspiring tale- about Negro soldiers as a "hole. But their social experiences with these men of color absolutely failed to verify the many stories which had been pouring into their ear-. A brief social contact with the American Negro soon caused all fear to vanish like a stain of vapor upon a mirror. But had the women of my country fallen victims to this subtle and extensive propaganda launched in France bv white Americans against colored Americans: had they allowed their souls to be filled with what is known in America as "nigger-hatred": had the drawn the "color line" and refused to open, their doors their arms and their hearts to the American- of ebony hue. they would probably have been exalted to the sky as being among the best and most worthy girls on earth. But no! French women do not measure men according to the color of their skin. -J whit skin is not an essential attribute of any criticism against them because of the social welcome they extend to their colo nials. Likewise, they cannot see the reason or sense of any unfavorable comments be cause of their widely known, hearty attach ment to American Negroes. As: compared with this "fault" of having deep affection for colored American-, a:! other faults of French women sink into insignificance. If the American people a whole knew the fruitless efforts: of these very ones who are finding fault with French girls to prejudice their minds againstAmerican the real reason for all this talk again * French girls. French girls: have no hatred or prejudice in their hearts based on the color of the skin of other people. Is thi a just cause for condemnation? French people do not think so, and cannot be made to think so. Many French girls will testify that the; received more courtesy and better treatment from the American Negroes than from the whitens. No Negro ever referred to a French woman as: a "jane" or with any other slurring epithet. By the way, I notice that even your correspondent uses the term "frog 'are" in reference to the French girl. If the failure on the part of French women to hate and discriminate against American Negroes merely because of race or color be regarded as a fault, then French women are proud of such a fault. White Americans seem none too popular with either friend or foe. The Herald. London. England, tells us: According to the .Morning Post, the Pan-German Deutsche Zeitung is highly indignant at a report that 140 American soldiers have applied to their Government for per THE LOOKING GLASS 3'IB mission to marry German girls. In an article on the subject the Berlin paper says: "It is not an ignominious peace, but racial disgrace, that threatens our destruction. The damage exists less in the marriages themselves than in the fact that there should exist German girls capable of entertaining such an idea. These abandoned females may conclude such 'love pacts,' but we shall refuse to admit such couples into our society. We will fight by all the means in our power an infusion of blood by niggers, Frenchmen, Indians, Tonkinesc, Americans, and other such exponents of culture." "Abandoned females"! That has a familiar ring. THE AMAZING MAJOR Or can it be a spontaneous, undirected surge? It will not do to ignore it. The Negro press is indignant. Dean William Pickens says in the Advocate, Portland, Ore: If Dr. Moton or any other man cannot sec any reason for the Negro's intense feeling, there is surely something wrong with that man's reasoning faculties. In the same column of the same paper wherein I read these words attributed to Dr. Moton, I read the South's unintentional answer to the matter: "Pine Bluff, Ark., Sept. 3. — Flinton Briggs, 26, a discharged Negro soldier, was shot and killed by a mob of thirty men three miles south of Star City, Ark." ACCORDING to a widely quoted Associated Press dispatch, Major R. R. I wonder if Dr. Moton knows that it is Moton expressed himself thus on the race riots: "I have never known the colored people to have more intense feeling toward the white people than at the present," he said, "and I have never known a time when there was less reason. I never knew a time when the * white people of the South, not only the leading white people, but the average white man, were more anxious than at present to be absolutely fair and just to the Negro. This is also true of the North. "There was never a time when the South, and the North, too, saw more clearly the value of the Negro as an economic factor in industrial operations." The News, of Indianapolis, Ind., asks in not unnatural surprise: Is it true that the bitterness is, as this authority insists, all on one side? One could hardly say that all the Negroes arc bitter against the whites, or all the whites against the Negroes. It will not do to judge races, any more than nations, in this wholesale way. There are extremists on both sides. We should like to believe that the great body in each race is kindly disposed toward the other, and that the haters are in the minority in both. Yet Mr. Moton must be presumed to know his own people and he says that he has "never known the colored people to have more intense feeling toward the white people than at present." If that is so, it behooves the white people to ask themselves whether they arc not largely to blame for it. If, as the major implies, the onus lies on the Negro, the New York Post wonders: Why, then, the hideous spectacle of mob murder in the streets of Washington and Chicago and the lynchings and church burnings in the South? The New York Sun likewise queries: Whence, then, arises the dangerous ferment, the existence of which Dr. Moton admits'' It is in evidence not merely in the South but along the'"Border States and even in the North. Who are its leaders? now the policy in much of the South to keep the REPOR T of the lynching of Negroes out of the papers, and that colored people arc being killed and no report at all reaching the press. If he docs not know and wants to, I will give him the names of well-known people who can give him places, details and references. But still I insist that the most probable thing is that somebody has lied on Moton in ascribing tnis absurd statement to him. The Savannah, Ga., Tribune, says pointedly: The address of Principal R. R. Moton of Tuskegee Institute, in which he is reported to have said a few days ago that he doesn't understand the reason for the recent race riots which have occurred in various sections for the intense bitter feeling which is being manifested by white and black men toward one another, comes as no surprise, and simply confirms the reports which have been going the rounds of the country as to his addresses several months ago to the Negro soldiers in France, when it is said that he told the men to go back home, be submissive and perfectly satisfied with conditions as they found them. A letter from Dr. Moton in thePhiladelphia I feel that I ought to explain a part of the statement which was given out in which I said that the best white people in the South were more determined than ever before that justice be given the Negro. I said that because I know that there is a large and growing group of white people in the South who are determined to handle the race problem in such a way as to give protection and justice to the Negro. Their greatest handicap, however, is the menace of the lawless element of theirwho seem to be on the otherdetermined than ever beforeunjust towards the Negro andhumiliate and intimidate the our race. own people  hand more  to be more  to seek to  members of Le Petit Journal ADMINISTRATION ABONNEMENTS CENT 15 cent. SUPPLEMENT ILLUSTRE- Les manuscrits de soul pas rendus NumerO 1.484 29 me Annee Franceof Colonies. • .. 5 &gt;?. V. q, DIMANCHE 1.00 JOIN 1919 Stranger • -C ft LE DRAPEAU DES TIRAILLEURS SENEGALA IS' deja decore de la Legion d'honneur, vient de recevoir la fourragere aux couleurs de la Medaille militaire et la Croix de guerre a quatre palmes A Page of the Paris Petit Journal showing the flag of the Senegalese Sharpshooters decorated; in the corner are three white Co'onial Generals and Blaise Diagne. Commissioner of Colonial Troops. The Horizon VINCENT SAUNDERS EDUCATION appointed acting Director of theAgricultural JULIUS ROSENWALD is offering through James L. Whiting is in charge of vocational the General Education Board six scholar work. The R. O. T. C. is in charge of Major ships to qualified Negro graduates of Medical schools of the United States for advance study in medical sciences. Expenses and support up to $1,200 will be provided. The appointments will be made in 1920 by a committee of which Dr. William H . Welch, Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, is chairman. Applications may be made to Secretary Abraham Flexner, 61 North Broadway, New York City. &lt;jT Piney Woods School, an institution for Negroes at Braxton, Miss., has received a legacy of $1,000 from a Mr. Olson of Minnesota. The school now owns free from debt &lt;JT The Maryland State Board of Education 1,414 acres of land and six large buildings, the entire value of which is upward of $75,000. It has enrolled 300 students and 18 teachers; a private telephone system, a brass band, its own railroad station, a post office, with a colored postmistress, are among its equipment, with $6,000 invested in city bonds, which is the beginning of an endowment fund. Professor Lawrence C. Jones is the principal. •JT The School Board of Lake Charles, La., has voted to build two new schools for the colored people. The two buildings will cost $125,000; in one building industrial education will be featured. •JT The State of Georgia has appropriated $20,000 for the years 1920 and 1921 to the Georgia Normal and Agricultural College. &lt;y The installation of John W. Davis as Norfolk, pledged $10,000. president of West Virginia Collegiate Institute has taken place. Mr. Davis is a grad •JT In the Richmond, Va., school savings uate of Morehouse College and the University of Chicago, and for the past two years has been executive secretary of the Y. M. C. A. at Washington, D. C. Two new teachers for the institution were announced— A . A . Taylor, a graduate of the University of Michigan, at the head of the Department of Mathematics, and Walker Bacon, a graduate of Syracuse University, director of physical training and athletic coach. The enrollment is 250, the largest in the history of the school. &lt;jf Tuskegee Institute has enrolled 1,200 students, an increase of 500 over the enrollment at this time last year. W. T. B.Boards, has transferred his headquarters from Hampton Institute tocapacity to Principal Moton on educational matters. The business manager is now G. W. A. Johnson, succeeding E. T. Atwell, William Wolcott; disabled colored soldiers are being trained, under the direction of Captain G. Kelly. Albion L. Holsey is secretary to Principal Moton. *y The trustees of Morgan College,Baltimore, acres of the Morton estate, on Hillen Road. They have in mind a school for training teachers for rural school work, especially in agriculture. Contractors are at work on a new dormitory and Carnegie Hall, a three story and basement structure, 52x75 feet. has given its approval for the establishment of the Central Colored Industrial School, at Belair, which will start this fall with three teachers and a capacity for seventy-five pupils. &lt;JT The Rev. Dr. Charles S. Morris, ofaccepted the presidency of the Boydton, Va., Institute. &lt;JT The total number of colored pupils enrolled in the Washington public schools for the fall session is 12,120; including the vocational students the number is over 17,000. fJT A drive for $500,000 is being made by Lincoln University, a Negro institution at Chester, Pa., for the extension of its work. Alumni and friends in New York City have system there are 3,509 colored depositors, as against 3,281 white depositors. INDUSTRY THE Crossett, Ark., Lumber Company is employing 500 Negro men and women. It maintains a nine months school, with five teachers, and a Y . M . C. A . building is soon to be erected, of which Charles E. Johnson, formerly Army Y. M. C. A. secretary, will be in charge. 4JT At the meeting of the American Labor Party, Hartford, Conn., Mrs. Mary Seymour made the statement that colored women Williams, in Field tobacco Agent for the in the Jeanes and are  Slater workers fields Southbeing paid wages as low as $2.10-$4.90 a  TuskegeeInstitute, where he will, also, act in an week. A unanimous vote of "condemnation of the exploitation of colored women in tobacco fields" was passed and a committee of three appointed to confer with the Central bee fjf The British Guiana Industrial Trading Company, Ltd., organized and incorporated by Negroes in British Guiana, is carrying on who resigned to enter War CampCommunity Service; J. E. Whitfield has 347 348 THE a business as merchants and provision dealers. Mr. H. Critchlow is Managing Director. &lt;JT In Pittsburgh, Pa., 3,000 Negro miners have Union cards of membership in the United Mine Workers. Samuel L. Pang-bum, a Negro, is district organizer, tj The Over-Allwith a capital of $100,000, has been organized by Negroes for the purpose of operating manufacturing plants and to secure enough land to develop a manufacturing center among Negroes. George S. Washington is president. and other minerals in Hamilton County and to manufacture coke and its by-products. The incorporators are J. D. Fazald, E. P. ty George H . Benjamin, a Negro clerk at Jones, Daniel R. Brown, Manson Flower and the Willamette Iron and Steel Works, Portland, Ore., has been promoted to the position S. A . Wheeler. of private secretary to the General Super-intendent. (f C. W. McCraye, a Negro in St. Louis, ilo., has invented a new five-power plow combination. Mr. McCraye is also the inventor of a cotton chopper and an automatic railway gate. He anticipates forming a company for manufacturing. QT The Southern Labor Congress has ended a three days' session, at Asheville, N . C. It voted unanimously to admit "Negro labor in the ranks of the organized labor union." Jerome Jones, white, of Atlanta, Ga., was re-elected president. (JT Robert Isaacs and Cabel Cheatham, two Negro delegates to the thirty-fourth annual convention of the Massachusetts State Branch, A. F. of L., held at Greenfield, had the following resolution recorded in the minutes of the convention by unanimous vote: Resolved: "That the State Branch of the A. F. of L. go on record against the denial of justice to any person regardless of their color and that we call uponthe Federal Constitution are strictly enforced." Messrs. Isaacs and Cheatham are members of Locals 14,936 and 34, respectively, of Boston. »J Charles E. Hall, Supervisor of Negro Economics in Ohio, started a campaign last May for building and loan associations, to be organized and financed by Negroes in each of the congested communities. A model form of constitution and by-laws of building and loan associations was sent to interested persons. Four companies have' been organized, with a combined capital of $235,000, and stock sales are already in excess of $50,000. (IT Hotel Roscoe Simmons has been opened by Negroes in Louisville, Ky. It is situated one block from the City Hall. Mr. Henry Allen is manager. (JT Negroes in Savannah, Ga., have organized the Consolidated Realty Corporation for the establishment of a hotel, theatre and department store building on West Broad Street. J. G. Lemon was elected president of the corporation. CRISIS ness man, with colored people's money and mostly colored labor. &lt;0T The Mechanics and Farmers Bank, a colored institution in Durham, N . C , has had an increase of 125 per cent in its re sources in one year—Sept. 1, 1918, $72,000; Manufacturing andIndustrial Association, Inc., at Hot Springs Sept. 1, 1919, $165,000. W. G. Pearson is president and C. C. Spaulding, cashier. CJT Negroes at Chattanooga, Tenn., have filed articles of incorporation for the Chattanooga with a capital stock of $15,000, to mine coal Congress to see to it that these amendments to Loman, valued at more than two million dollars on account of its oil wells, is in liti gation. A white banker has been appointed guardian of the children, but the widow is suing to oust him. THE WAR THRE E posts of the American Legion have been organized among Negroes in &lt;jT The Savings Bank of Virginia, capital ized at $50,000. has been opened by Negroes. The president is E. T. Pritchett. (f A t Columbus, Ohio, Negroes have organ ized the Supreme Life and CasualtyCompany, greater development and expansion of in surance along casualty lines among Negroes and for the acquisition by purchase and re insurance, subject to legal and departmental supervision, of life, health and accident organizations in various parts of the coun try. Its incorporators are T. K . Gibson, G. W. Haves, C. R. Davis, C. S. Smith, Jr., D. C. Chandler, G. A. Steward, B. Beaty, and R. R. Hawkins. fj" In Memphis, Tenn., at the celebration of Labor Day the white committee included the Negroes in the parade, and they marched with the units of their various professions. There was no "Jim-Crowing" or bringing up the rear. &lt;y The estate of a colored man, Charles Philadelphia, Pa. (f A n effort is being made toamong Negroes in New Yorkment in New York City to the369th Regiment of Negroes,former "Fifteenth." &lt;y A fully-equipped club -house raise $50,000  for a monu dead of the  New York's for the use of returned Negro soldiers and sailors has been opened in Buffalo, N . Y., by the War Camp Community Service, with an employment department. Lieutenant Mosby B. McAdam is in charge. &lt;y The Second Separate Company, New Jersey State Militia, colored, won the company team match in the Interstate Rifle Tournament, winning 130 out of a possible 150 points. This is the first time that a colored team has been represented in the Interstate CT The Whitelaw Apartment House, costing Rifle Tournament of the New York and New 8110,000, is being constructed in Washington, D. C, by John W. Lewis, a Negro busi Jersey Rifle Association. George E . Cannon is captain of the Second Separate Company. THE HORIZON 349 df Rhode Island's returned Negro soldiers have been given a welcome home in the State Armory, at Providence, in which 4,000 persons participated. A street parade preceded the assemblage. &lt;J" Lieutenant Henry O. Flipper, known as the first colored graduate of West Point, and formerly of the 10th U . S. Cavalry, has accepted the position of interpreter and translator with the Mexican Investigating Committee, at Washington, of which Senatorseventy-four delegates and eleven officers present, representing thirty-seven clubs and eight cities. «jThe Centenary Council of the C. M. E. Church made up of six annual conferences, covering the territory from Pennsylvania to Florida, has convened in Columbia, *S. C , with Bishop R. S. Williams of Augusta, Ga., presiding. Three hundred delegates were present. *J Albert Delegates B. Fall is chairman.  states in from thirty were attendance at the conference of the National CRIME WILLIAM A. SHUTTER, a white man at Vincennes, Ind., has confessed to the assault and murder of a white woman, Mrs. Anna Leinbach, for which one colored man had been arrested and other Negroes were being detained. &lt;J" The following lynchings have take place since our last record: Whatley County, Ala., August 1, Argie M. Robinson. Star City, Ark., August 3, Flinton Briggs, discharged soldier, shot. Fayette County, Ga., , Charles Kelly, discharged soldier, shot. Monroe, La., September 6, unknownNegro; alleged attack on a white its fifty-first annual session. Five hundred delegates and visitors were present.ReportsJacksonville, Fla., September 8, Bowman lected for state work during the year and, Cook and John Morine; charged with murder of George Dubose. including the pastors' salaries and local ex penses, a total of $212,000. There were over Athens, Ga., September 10, Obe Cox 8,000 additions to the church. Dr. J. E. burned at stake; charged with murder. Wood was re-elected Moderator. Pueblo, Colo, September 14, Salvador Ortex and Jose Gonzales (Mexicans). C The Lott Carey convention has held a Liberia Omaha, Neb., September 28, Will Brown; accused of assault on a white woman. Montgomery, Ala., September 29, Miles Phifer and Robert Croskey and Ben Miller shot to death; charged with assault on white women. Montgomery, Ala., September 30, John up to the annual meeting was $25,460. The Temple; shot and fatally woundedPoliceman Barbare. Jonesville, La., —, unidentified Negro found hanging to a tree; reason unknown. Americus, Ga., October 2, Ernest Glen- wood. Washington, Ga., October 5, unknown. Lincolnton, Ga., October 6, Jack Gordon and Will Brown, burned; charged with shooting two white men. Lincolnton, Ga., October 6, Moses Freeman, shot; misleading mob searching for Negroes. Macon, Ga., October 7, Eugene Hamilton. MEETINGS AT the International Conference of Women Physicians, held in New York City, at the Y. W. C. A., the Negro race was represented by Doctors Iona Whipper and Sarah Brown, of Washington, D. C , and Dr. Rice, who has been doing service in the French Army. &lt;JT The Puget Sound Conference, A. M. E. Church, has been held at Spokane, for which the mayor delivered an address of welcome. &lt;JT The Oklahoma Federation of Negro Women's Clubs has held its ninth annual session, at Guthrie, Okla. The president, Mrs. Judith Horton, presided. There were Equal Rights League, held in Washington. It was decided to launch a drive for $200,000 to be used to suppress lynching, disfranchisement, segregation and the "Jim-Crow." The Rev. C. M. Tanner of Washington, D. C, was elected Financial Director. THE CHURCH THE will of .the late Mary Benson of 1 Brooklyn, N. Y., bequeaths $30,000 to the American Church Institute for Negroes. &lt;jT Cardinal Gibbons has issued a call directing the attention of the Catholic clergy throughout the country to the need of a larger development of the work of this church among colored people. &lt;y The General Convention of Negro Baptists three days session at Third Baptist Church, Washington, D. C. More than 500 delegates were enrolled. President-elect King ofThere were reports from twenty-two missionaries—Liberia, 6; South Africa, 6; and Haiti, 10. Nine new workers are to be sent to foreign fields. The actual cash carried budget set for the ensuing year calls for an expenditure of $40,000. Dr. C. S. Brown was re-elected president. Dr. A. A. Graham of Phoebus, Va., was elected corresponding secretary succeeding the late Dr. W. M. Alexander of Baltimore. (Jf The fortieth anniversary of the entrance of Bishop J. S. Flipper into the ministry and the educational rally have been held. A purse of $4,000 was presented to Bishop Flipper and $37,190 was raised which completely pays the indebtedness of Morris Brown, Central Park and Payne Colleges, institutions in Georgia for Negroes, which are worth, combined, more than $300,000. FRATERNITIES THE Supreme Royal Circle of Friends has held a three days convention at Olivet Baptist Church, Chicago. More than a thousand delegates were present. Dr. R. A. Williams, of Helena, Mont., is presi dent. tJT Negro Odd Fellows of Indiana and mem bers of the Household of Ruth have held their annual convention at Shelbyville. Three hundred members were present. TH E CRISIS POLITICS W. G. ALEXANDER, a colored physi cian of Orange, N . J., in a run for Republican nomination to the Assembly, led in the Second Ward of Newark, tied for first place in the Sixth Ward, ran second in the Fourteenth Ward and won over his colleagues in Orange. He gained the nomination. SOCIAL PROGRESS Negroes, THE office of the Colored Men's Department of the International Committee of ing 132 acres of land, valued at $150 per the Y. M. C. A. has been moved from Washington, D. C, to General Headquarters in acre. New York City, at 347 Madison Avenue. &lt;jT Charlton H . Tandy, a Negro Republican, leader of St. Louis, Mo., is dead, at the age Chairman R. R. Church has been notified of eighty-two. It was largely through his that $3,500 has been raised by longshoreefforts that the measure providing for Lincoln Institute men, through President Thomas P. Woodland, for the Lincoln During his last America. passed the Legislature. League of few &lt;J" Nearly $6,000 has been raised toward the years Mr. Tandy was Custodian of Old Records $50,000, with which to continue the opera&lt;JT During her stay in New York, Mrs. C. D. tion of Frederick Douglass MemorialHospital,B. wife of the Philadelphia, Pa. of Heretofore King, President-electNegro, and editor of the Phoenix Tribune. tJT In Ohio, the Columbus Citizens' Law and Order League has been organized bybility of race riots from any action on their part, through instruction on the advantages of being law abiding citizens. PERSONAL JOSEPH GRAVES, a Negro of Maryville, Mo., is dead, at the age of eighty. He had accumulated considerable wealth, own institution has received an appropriation of $22,000 every two years from the State. Recently the State denied this aid, in an effort to oust Dr. N . F. Mossell, the Negro founder and president of the institution. (JP The Salvation Army of Philadelphia this year included colored children in its annual kiddies' outing. Fifty colored children from South Philadelphia were guests for seven days at the Fresh Ai r Farm. (f The Anti-Saloon League of America plans a home missionary department, including work among Negroes. &lt;jT Lieutenant Paul P. Wigington, a Negro, has won the appointment of Fire Prevention Inspector in the State of Minnesota, after having served in the Department of Public Safety in St. Paul, and for three years with the Columbia Fire Underwriters of Omaha, Neb. &lt;y Letters threatening his life have come to Rev. J. G. Robinson of Chattanooga, Tenn., for saying, in part, in a protest to President Wilson that: "Before the Negroes of the country would again submit to many of the injustices which we have suffered, the white men will have to kill more of them than the combined number of soldiers that were slain in the great world war." The letters are mostly from Georgia, Louisiana, Arkansas, Alabama, Tennessee and Utah. Rev. Robinson, whose only son was a Lieutenant in the recent war, now states: "If I am to be mistreated and mobbed, before I will submit, I will be killed, because of that. If 'Kuklux' want to kill me when I return home, I will gladly die, and feel that no man ever died more gloriously." NEGROES of Dougherty County, Ga., now return property for taxation valued at nearly three-quarters of a million dollars; the returns by the Negro race increased seven and one-half ner cent last year, whereas the returns of white tax payers increased but two and one-third per cent. &lt;$• The first prize in an advertising contest in Phoenix, Ariz., conducted by a local automobile firm, was won by Mr. A. R. Smith, a Liberia, was entertained at breakfast by Mrs. James L. Curtis, widow of James L. Curtis, former Minister to Liberia. &lt;JT Charles A . Dorsey, a Negro in Philadelphia, anniversary of his employment at the Union League Club. He was born a slave in Queen Ann County, Md., and is seventy-two years old. MUSIC AND ART AT an organ recital in Kountze Memorial Church, Omaha, Neb., Clarence Eddy rendered among his numbers Dett's"Mammy," which that it was repeated by request in the evening." &lt;JP Earl Camiliere, conductor of the chorus which has been rendering concerts in the Adolph Lewisohn Stadium, New York City, is organizing a singing unit among the col ored people of Harlem. &lt;jT Meta Warrick Fuller, the Negro sculp tress of Massachusetts, has completed a panel for the new colored Y. M. C. A. in Atlanta, Ga. The panel represents a colored youth, rising from a crouching position in response to the urge of a spirit pointing to the light, the rising sun. &lt;J" A t the National American MusicFestival, Negro soprano, was a soloist. She pre sented old southern songs and Negro melo dies, exhibiting "an excellent and well- trained voice." &lt;5" The Music News, a musical journal of Chicago, says of Marian Anderson, of Philadelphia: by a young contralto, who put her big voice into the well-known "Adieu, Forests," by Tschaikowsky, and gave an impressive ren dering. She has unlimited possibilities, vocally." &lt;jT "A n American Idyl," by Godowsky, is a late novelty written, as the reviewers" state, "in syncopated harmonies, like those in Burleigh's ty Kemper Harreld, violinist, of Atlanta, Continued on page 360 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER HOWARD UNIVERSITY WASHINGTON, D. C. Collegiate and Professional Schools JUNIOR COLLEGE leading to Schools of Liberal Arts, Education, Journalism, or Commerce and Finance four year course, giving" degree, A.B. or S.B.; A.B, or S.B. in Education; S.B. in Journalism; S.B. in Commerce. SCHOOL OF APPLIED SCIENCE, four year course, giving decree, S.B. in C.E., S.B. in E.E., S.B. in M.E.. S.B. in Arch., S.B. in Agrl., or S.B. in H.E SCHOOL OF MUSIC, four year course, giving degre&amp; of Mus.B. SCHOOL OF RELIGION, three year course, giving degree of B.D. (Also diploma and correspondence courses.) SCHOOL OF LAW, three year evening course, giving degree of LL.B. SCHOOL OF MEDICINE, including Medical, Dental and Pharmaceutical Colleges. Four year course for Medical and Dental students; three years for Pharmaceutical. Following degrees given: M.D.. D.D.S., Phar.C. For Catalog and Information Write— REGISTRAR DWIGHT 0. W. HOLMES Howard University, Washington, D. C.. STENOGRAPHERS WANTED All Races Prepare in the best school of its kind in the State. Subjects Shorthand, Typewriting, Bookkeeping, English, Penmanship, Civil Service Training, and SPANISH. COMMERCIAL CLASS Lenox Community Center—at PUBLIC SCHOOL 89 Lenox Avenue and 135th St., New York, N. Y. Open All Year—Four Evenings Weekly. Fitz W. Mottley, President. The Lincoln Hospital and Home TRAINING SCHOOL FOR NURSES in the city of New York offers to young colored women a three years' course of instruction in nursing. Capacity of hospital—420 beds. Post Graduate Course of six months to graduates of accredited schools. For information apply to: Superintendent of Nurses Lincoln Hospital and Home New York, N.Y. HALE INFIRMARY AND NURSE TRAINING SCHOOL, 32S Lake Street, Montgomery, Ala. Offers to High School graduates and young women of higher education and good moral character, between the ages of 18 and 35, a three years' course in the profession of nursing. For further information apply to the Superintendent enclosing a stamp. STATE OF NEW JERSEY MANUAL TRAINING INDUSTRIAL SCHOOL FOR COLORED YOUTH BORDENTOWN, N. J. A high institution for the training of colored youth. Excellent equipment, thorough instruction, wholesome surroundings. Academic training for all students. Courses in carpentry, agriculture and trades for boys, including auto repairing. Courses in domestic science and domestic art for girls. A new trades building, thoroughly equipped. New girls' dormitory thoroughly and modernly equipped. Terms reasonable. Fall term began September 15, 1919. For information address •* W. R. VALENTINE, Principal Indoor Toilet Convenient — Sanitary ^"he Comfort Closet for Homes, Summer Cottages and Camps. Entirely odorless. Scientifically ventilated. Strong chemicals dissolve contents; kills all germs. Easily installed. Convenient to move. Contents dis posed of easily as garbage. Prevents fly breedin g and water contamination. Provides sanitary,odorless toilet in borne protected from cold and stormy weather. Only closet with por celain container. Easily cleaned. Approved by U. S. Health Bureau. 30Days' Free Trial. Agents make $60 to $100 weekly. Exclusive territory. Ask for booklet—FREE. COMFORT CHEMICAL CLOSET CO. 1670 Factories Bldg. Toledo, Ohio BUSTS OF Booker T. Washington. Fred Do uglass, Paul, Lawrence Dunbar, Bishop Richard Allen. $1.50 each. The 4 bust, (or J5.00 Agents wanted. Send at once. The Isaac Hathaway Art Company 718 S. HICKORY STREET PINE BLUFF, ARK. Telephone: Capitol 4957 JNO. C. NORMAN Registered Architect and Engineer Office: 2d Floor, Room 6. K . of P. Building, Charlston, W . Va . Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER "JUST THE PLACE FOR YOUR GIRL" Daytona Normal and Industrial Institute for Negro Girls, Daytona, Fla. Beautiful location, ideal home life, fine, modern equipment. Courses include Kindergarten, Primary, Grammar, High, Normal, Vocational. Nurse Training at McLeod Hospital a specialty. Terms reasonable. Send for Catalog. MARY McLEOD BETHUNE, --Principal. 1888	 1919 St. Paul Normal and Industrial School LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Thirty -Second Session OPENED SEPTEMBER 1919 COURSES Primary, Grammar School, Normal, Industrial Graduates receive State High School Certificate which will admit to Standard Normal Schools and Colleges SUMMER SCHOOL FOR TEACHERS EXTENSIVE TRADE COURSES Athletic Training, Football, Baseball, Tennis, Etc- FULL COURSE IN MILITARY TRAINING For Catalog and Further Information address Rev. James S. Russell, D. D., Principal LAWRENCEVILLE, VA. Be a Soldier— Join the Reserve Officers' Training Corps For Young Colored Men The Government furnishes uniform, equipment and an officer to give MILITARY INSTRUCTION Cadets pay their own board and lodging amounting to twelve dollars per month, but they may work out a small part, of this according as provision is made with the President Trades for Boys 12 Trades for Girls 7 Al l students cany on their regular academic, studies and trades courses in connection with, their military train ing. Grammar School, High School, Normal School, College. Camp Opened September 22nd, and Clones June 1st. If ycu want to train to be an officer apply for admission to SERGEANT THOMAS JOHNSON. COMMANDANT A. &amp; M. College.	 Normal, Ala. Atlanta University Studies of the Negro Problems 20 Monographs Sold Separately Address ATLANTA UNIVERSITY CONFERENCE ATLANTA UNIVERSITY n ATLANTA, GA. The Slater Industrial and State Normal School For Colored Youth of Both Sexes WINSTON-SALEM, N. C. I.	 Offering Standard Courses la Academic Subjects In Industrial and Vocational Subjects, In Education. II. Graduates receive the Teachers' Certificate. III.	 Located amid the foothills of the mountain section of Western North Carolina and the health conditions are ideal. IV.	 Accommodations excellent and expenses moderate. For further information communicate with S. G. ATKINS, Principal SLATER STATE NORMAL SCHOOL, Winston-Salem, N. C. COLEMAN COLLEGE GIBSLAND, LA. Supported by Baptist State Woman's Home Mission Society of Chicago and Boston and A. B. H. Society of New York. Students from six different states. Graduates exempted on flrBt grade by Louisiana, Arkansas and Oklahoma, O. L. COLEMAN, President ST. MARY'S SCHOOL An Episcopal boarding school for girls,- under the direction of the sisters of St. Mary. Address: TH E SISTER-IN-CHARGE, 6138 Germantown Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Bell Phone Spruce 1924 30.Day System Position Derrick Shorthand School Childs' Building 1435 Chestnut Street PHILADELPHIA Enroll Immediately to Hold Place in Class Send for Enrollment Blank and full information Day and Evening Classes NOTE—We are enrolling Fall Students and would advise all who desire to take Special Course to send in application AT ONCE as places will be at a premium. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Reconstruction War — and its aftermath—has opened the eyes of our people. They are now seeing and thinking straight. They now demand of individuals and enterprises seeking their patronage and support, performance rather than glittering promises. They also demand evidences of stability in such enterprises and experience on the part of those conducting them. The management of the Southern Ai d Society of Virginia, Inc., rejoices to see this day—They have labored, in season and out, for 26 years to help to bring about just such improvement in our business relationships. The Southern Aid Society of Virginia, Inc., has always issued a superior contract—The only one guaranteeing payments for Sickness and Accidents each week of every year and an -undiminished Death Claim after death. To-day it challenges the country to show a better record—than the following—for an institution confining its business to its Home State. 26 years of satisfying service to policy-holders. $30,000.00 Capital Stock, fully paid in. $50,000.00 Federal, State &amp; City Bonds. $50,000.00 1st Lien Mortgages—Loans to our people tc secure good homes in desirable locations. $100,000.00 Cash in Banks. $150,000.00 Real Estate—Free from all encumbrances. We invite the scrutiny of the reconstruction attitude of the insuring public. SOUTHERN AID SOCIETY OF VA., Inc. Home Office: 527 N. SECOND ST., RICHMOND, VA. District Offices and Agencies Throughout the State A. D. PRICE, Pres. B. L. JORDAN, Sec. W. A. JORDAN, Asst. Sec. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER THE MOST ATTRACTIVE LOT OFFER EVER MADE! IDEAL BUILDING LOTS, improved and developed, with FRUIT TREES PLANTED ON THEM, in Beautiful ORCHARDVILLE FOR ON VERY ONLY EASY TERMS $49 50 This offer is attracting the attention of people of room for a house, garden, chicken yard, shed, from all over the country and the demand for etc., besides the fruit trees that we will plant the lots is increasing very rapidly. A GREA T and take care of on each lot. EAC H LO T IS MANY HAVE ALREADY BEEN SOLD and from GUARANTEED TO BE HIGH AND DRY all indications we do not think it will be, long UNDER A MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE, AND before they will all be sold. THE CONTRACT YOU GET GIVES YOU Orchardville is located in a high-grade fruit-growJUST THE PROTECTION YOU MIGHT ing region and is to be developed along entirely WANT . new lines into a BEAUTIFUL FRUIT CITY The price of the lots, as stated above, is only that will be the only one of its kind in the $49.50 each, and the terms are only $3.00 a month. country. (Smaller terms when more than one lot is purUnlike other lot offers, where the purchasers are chased.) NO INTEREST. left to develop their lots themselves, WE DO Bear in mind that the NUMBER OF LOTS IS THAT FOR YOU AND PLANT FIVE HIGH LIMITED and that it is a case of FIRST COME GRADE FRUIT TREES ON EACH LOT, as FIRST SERVED. We have a beautiful circular well as A BEAUTIFUL SHADE TREE, and we that gives you all the details of this offer and take care of the property and trees for FOUR which you will find very interesting. Send for YEARS WITHOUT EXTRA COST. When the a copy TODAY. fruit trees are in commercial bearing they should Simply write your name and address on the earn you EXCELLENT YEARLY RETURNS on coupon attached below, mail it to us NOW and your investment WITHOUT ANY EFFORT ON as soon as we receive it we will send you the YOU R PART . circular without any obligation to you. SEND The lots are sized 30 x 144 Feet and have plenty FOR IT RIGHT AWAY I ADDRESS THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEVELOPMENT CO. 19 SO. LA SALLE STREET CHICAGO, ILL. WRITE PLAINLY THE SWAN-ARENSON REALTY &amp; DEV'PT. CO., Chicago, 111. Date .. , 1919. Gentlemen:— I am interested in your Orchardville lot offer and would be glad to receive one of your circulars without any obligation to me. Name Address , Town State c. 11-19. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Clef Club Singers and Players Managing Corporation Incorporated A Clearing House for Artists Made in the U. S. A. Capital Stock $15,000 Par Value $10 per Share The business of making music for New Yorkers is a growing one. We desire to extend and enlarge the business of our corporation, to give the best of service to our long list of influential patrons and to bring the biggest returns to the members and stockholders of our organization. We offer Seven Thousand Dollars ($7,000.00) worth of stock to persons with foresight and judgment who are interested in this growing enterprise. Your money will be invested in New York City real estate in the heart of the city where we plan to build a club hotel with all modern conveniences and comforts for its patrons and friends. Address all communications to Clef Club Singers and Players Managing Corporation, Inc. Deacon Johnson, President and General Manager, 134 West 53rd Street New York, N. Y. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER FLORENCE COLE-TALBERT Soprano " She has one of the best voices that God has el Ten her race."—Los Angeles Times. " Special praise must be given Mrs. Florence Talbert who beside her natural gift has already reached a high plane of professional accuracy."—Herman Devries in Chicago Amer ican. Engagements accepted for Concerts, Recitals. Oratorio. Mrs. Talbert will make her first tour of the southern states beginning September first at Arkansas. Write for daU now. 659 Twenty-eighth Street, Detroit Mich. CLEOTA J. COLLINS Soprano She has a very lovely lyric soprano voice of beautiful quality and sings songs with style and intelligence. Her recitals are very interesting.— LILA ROBESON Of the Metropolitan Opera Company of New York '56 Hamilton Avenue, Columbus, Ohio Clarence Cameron White VIOLINIST "Critics are one in their high estimate of the splendid attainments of Clarence Cameron White and his Con. cert appearance in your city means the musical event of the season." For terms and dates address 616 COLUMBUS AVENUE BOSTON, MASS. Roland W. Hayes Phonograph Records 3 Warwick St., Boston, Mass. Recitals, Concerts, Oratorio, Opera Booking Engagements for Continental Tour Season 1919-1920 Management: M, J, Minor, 2 Mills St., Roxbury, Mass. Manuel's Employment Agency {Licensed) First-class situations supplied in private families to male and female help with good characters and references. Ac commodations for strangers coming to [this city. Address G. W. MANUEL 20 Essex Street Cambridge. Mass. WILLIAM RICHARDSON Baritone Concerts—Recitals—Oratorio Joint concerts with Maud Cuney Hare, PiantMt Address: 170 "Walnut Ave., Roxbury. Mass. My court© in Penmanship" Bookkeeping, and Shorthand through the mall will prepare you lor the position worth while. Write for information. D. A. Nolley, M . Pen., 519 Michigan Ave., Buffalo N.Y. KELLY MILLER'S Race Statesmanship Exhibited in Two Great Pamphlets 1. "The Negro in the New Re construction." Considered the most powerful plea that has yet come from the author's pen. 10 cents. 2. "The Disgrace of Democracy." Pronounced in Europe and America as one of the most striking literary documents produced by the World War. io cents. Agents wanted everywhere. Rates to agents 5 cents a copy. Ad d 10% to bill to cover postage. Address KELLY MILLER Howard University Washington. D. C* Berean Manual Training and Industrial School COLLEGE AVE. AND NORTH 19th STREET PHILADELPHIA, PA. (Founded 1899) Fall Term opened October 7th, 1919. "Winter Term, January 6th, 1920. Spring Term, April 6th, 1920. Generally, Night Sessions, Special Day Sessions. Twenty years of honorable records and worthy traditions our trade mark. Helpfulness our object. Efficiency our aim. Better Courses, Better Equipment, Better Teachers. Enroll with us. Visit the school or write the Principal. MATTHEW ANDERSON 1926 S. College Avenue, Philadelphia, Pa. Would you like to know why the Negro and Caucasian are mixing in spite of prejudice ? Then, read " As Nature Leads," by 3. A. Rogers, author of " From Superman to Man." Undoubtedly the most fearless analysis of the Negro-Caucasian situation by any author. The writer penetrates to the very heart of the subject and In a style bubbling with vigor he puts in the clearest language thoughts of your innermost consciousness. Arguments supported by the world's greatest scientists and philosophers. Easily read. A book you will read and re-read and give to your friends. Price. $1.25; by mail, $1.35. Agents wanted. Dept. A, Hayes Book Store, 3640 State Street, Chicago. III. MISSING Pages in AMERICAN History A book of ninety-two pages, bound in paper, revealing the services of Negroes in the early wars in the United States of America: 1611-1812. Price (U. S. money order) $1.01 Address L. E. Wilkes 1404 Franklin St., WASHINGTON, D. C. " It should be widely distributed."—O. G. Villard. " I will put this copy in Harvard Library."—Prof. A. R Hart. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER 357 Scott's official History of the American Negro in the GREAT WAR Bishop Hartsell of the Methodist Episcopal Church writes as follows: "I have read your history of The American Negro in the War and want to congratulate you on having issued so quickly a volume of so much value. The official records will have a very wide circulation and be assured a permanent place among the masses. The candid and fair spirit which characterizes all your public utterances is manifest." A Proud ..Chapter in the History of the Negro Race The official and authentic history of the true part played by the Negro in the great World War, written by a man whose valuable experience, intimate con nection with every phase of the direction of the great struggle, makes it possible to publish the true facts. A great historical volume that should be in every Negro home. Gives inside facts and accurate and official data and pictures which will appear in no other book. Every chapter is full of the very informaEmmett J, Scott, tion which you have been A.M., L.L.D. anxiously waiting to know. This Great Book tells all about the NegroEverywhere in the World War — How He Did His Duty, in every capacity — from right up in the front line trenches and on the battlefields — clear bac k to the work of keeping the home fires burning; on the farms; in the mills and munition plants; on the railroads and steamships; in shipyards and factories. Men and women with the Red Cross, the Y. M. C. A., the Y. W. C. A., the War Cam p Community Service, the Liberty Loan Drives, etc. Scott's Official History was written for the Negro by the Negro that the wonderful record of daring deeds, gallant bravery and undying heroism of our black troops might never perish. A great tribute to the patriotism of the Negro Race. Agents Wanted Make $8.00 to $20.00 per day — right now — selling Scott's Official History — best book, biggest seller, quickest money-maker for live agents. Ne w from cover to cover. Be first in your territory and get the orders. We pay you highest commissions. Write FREE today for free outfit, including agents' sample book and full instructions. Send 25 cents to prepay postage. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of $2.90 for cloth binding or $3.75 for Morocco binding Written by Emmett J. Scott, A.M., LLD. , Special Assistant to Secretary of War, Newton D. Baker. Assisted by the following notable individuals: Dr. Carter G. Woodson, Director of Research, The Association for the Study of Negro Life &amp; History, Inc. Ralph W . Tyler,AccreditedRepresentativ the Committee on Public Information, who accompanied the colored troops to war fronts in France. William Anthony Aery , Publication Secretary, Hampton Normal andAgriculturalInstitute search, Tuskegee Normal and Industrial Institute. Mrs. Alice Dunbar Nelson (formerly Mrs. Paul Laurence Dunbar) leader in the mobilization of colored women of the country for war work under the auspices of the Wo men's Committee, Council of National Defense. Miss Eva G. Bowles,ExecutiveSecretary charge of the colored work of the Young Women's Christian Association. Lieut. T. T.Thompson,Historia panied the famous 92d Division, U. S. A. to France. Over 600 large pages (equal to 800 ordinary pages). Profusely Illustrated with nearly 150 official French and American Negro War Photographs, showing all sides of War Activities and. Negro soldier Life, from the Call to the Colors on Through, the Training Camps. Then to the Battle Fronts and back to the Happy Home Coming. THE NEGRO HISTORICAL PUBLISHING COMPANY p. O. Drawer I WASHINGTON, D. C . «U " St. Station THE CRISIS ADVERTISER NOW READY A Wonderful line of Art Calendars with Negro Subjects for 1920 Mr. Business Man: No other Christmas gift will so please your trade as a beautiful Negro calendar. As a business advertisement it is in a class by itself. Send for full line of samples. Enclose 50c. for postage (M . O.. not stamps). Wanted: Salesman with experience. Write immediately for territory and samples. Enclose 50c. for postage of samples. Notice: State whether you are a business man or salesman. MERCANTILE CALENDAR CO. 413 Florida Ave., N. W., Washington, D. C. A state supervisor ot »chooi&gt; TEACHERS writes us: "Will you kindly furnish me a lame list of teachers for our schools for the next year? I can have them appointed at once. We need them for all types of schools, but primarily for rural schools." We also have immediate calls for teachers of auto mechanics, carpentry, painting, agriculture, Spanish and French. THE MUTUAL TEACHERS' AGENCY 1403 New York Avenue Washington. D. C. The Colored Teachers' Bureau Will Help You Get a Better Paying Position. REGISTER NOW REASONABLE TERMS Address: Colored Teachers' Bureau Box 22, Wilberforce, 0. Teachers, Professional Nurses, Stenographers COLORED DOLLS 29c, 39c, 69c EACH These UNBREAKABLE Brown Skin Dolls are designed and made by Colored Girls in a Factory Owned and Controlled by Colored People. "Berry's Famous Brown Skin Dolls," are sold by large Department Stores: Little Boy in Rompers S .29 Little Girl, neatly dressed 39 Little Girl, with hair 69 Country Boy, overalls 69 "Baby Doll," 14", hair 1.60 "Doris," 16", long flowing curls 3.50 So far as we know this is the only Negro Doll Factory in the World. CHILDREN'S DRESSES AND APRONS The "Berry &amp; Ross Company" is now also manufacturing Children's Dresses and Bungalow Aprons: Gingham Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each..$1.35 Percale Dresses, 2 to 6 years, each.... 1.00 Aprons, Percale 1.35 Very extra size 1.98 Postage, 10c. Berry &amp; Ross Mfg. Co., Inc. Factory 36-38 W. 135th Street NEW YORK, N. Y. Agents Wanted 100 Fine Calling Cards 50 Cents Fashionable styles and sizes for ladies and gentlemen. No extra charge for address or postage. Agents make big profits taking orders for our cards. Big demand everywhere. All orders filled promptly. Write now for samples and terms. TH E HOUSE OF CHOWNING Indianapolis, Ind. YOUNG'S BOOK EXCHANGE The Mecca of Negro History aud Literature Distributors of Scott's Official Historythe World Cloth, $2.go; Leather,YOUNG'S BOOK135 West 135th Street, of the Negro in  War. $3.75, post-paid.  EXCHANGE,  New York, N. Y. Badges, Banners, Lodge Regalia For all Lodge and Church Societies CENTRAL REGALIA CO. JOS. L. JONES, Pre,. N. E. Cor. 8th and Plum St»., Cincinnati, Ohio and persons otherwise trained in businessarndtheprofessions will find our agency an active, important mediu bringing you in touch with better positions and higher salaries. SYSTEM SERVICE AGENCY Dept. "E," 71 W. 99th St., New York OLD STAMPS WANTED We want to buy old used anil unused U . S. postage and revenue, Confederate, and foreign stamps, and original envelopes with real old stamps on them. What have you to sell? WRITE AND TELL US. WM. H. WILKERSON, JR., 1423 Duncan St., N.E., Washington, D. C. Telephone. Baring T7t4 ISADORE MARTIN Real Estate and Insurance Notary Public 1 Mortgages 6 North 42nd Street, Philadelphia, Pa. Mention TH E CRISIS. TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Mrs. M . WATSON RUDD, 154 West 131st St. New York, N. Y. has placed upon the market her new ROSE NINON NUFEET POWDER It is especially recommended for soldiers, clerks, railroad and factory employees, dancers and all persons who are required to stand or walk to any extent. Agents Wanted—Writ* for particular!. CHEMIST AMAZING DISCOVERY 25 Miles on One Gallon Gas MOTOROL 25 to 50 ^ more miles per gal. 25 to 35% more power. Means Faster Ignition One Dollar Uniform Combustion „„,,.,,, No Carbon Deposits Postpaid Less Wear and Tear on motor Agents Wanted Higher Test of Gasoline AUTO PRODUCTS CO. Dept. 72, 226 W. 138th St., N. Y. TO COLORED NEWSPAPERS For one dollar weekly we will edit a bright and original New York news column for your paper. TO ADVERTISERS: We are in touch with over 500 white and the best colored publications of the country. We will be gl»rl to plan a campaign of national advertising for the smallest advertiser. THE. NEWSPAPER SERVICE BUREAU Fifteen Telephones 309 Broadway, New York, N. Y. 4,000 Agents Wanted to sell Forte's Magic Corn Liniment. Gives relief in ten minutes. A trial will convince you in ten minutes. Price 2uc, by mail, 30c. Rates to agents, 15c. FORTE &amp; CO. 159 Dixwell Ave. New Haven, Conn. Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER Indol Trade Mark For the Hair A Box Should Always Be In TheHome Of EveryColored Or NegroFamily SPECIAL OFFER Send ^ 1.10 for Course of treatment in Hair Dressing Culture and Beauty AGENTS WANTED LIBERAL COMMISSIONS INDO LABORATORIES, Corp. Dept. C-2 2257 SEVENTH AVENUE New York, N. Y. 1. Stories of Jesus by Frank Harris. A n introduction that shows the close spiritual relationship of the Greatest Rebel of all ages, with the great rebels of our own times. a 2.	 Fairy Tales by Oscar Wilde,containing story, "Friendship," with an introduction by Frank Harris, lifelong friend and biographer of Oscar Wilde, who published the Fairy Tales twenty-six years ago in the Fortnightly Review. 3.	 Daughters of Eve by Frank Harris. Fascinating short stories of Life and Love. 4.	 Pastels of Men and Women by Eugene Debs. Most fascinating pen sketches of some famous contemporaries by the great teacher and lover of humanity. Each	 number, 27 cents, prepaid; three numbers, 75 cents, prepaid. PEARSON'S 34 Union Square, New York, N. Y. THE STENOGRAPHERS' INSTITUTE 1227 S. 17th Street, Philadelphia, Pa. SHORTHAND — TYPEWRITING — BOOKKEEPING Edward T. Duncan. Pres. Central 266 Telephones: Main i20 HARRY E. DAVIS ATTORNEY-AT-LAW NOTARY PUBLIC 202-206 Engineers Building Cleveland, Ohio BROWN S. SMITH ATTORNEY-AT-LAW Offices: Suite 803 Sykes Block Near Third and Hennepin Minneapolis Minn. Continued from page 350 Ga., has given under his direction a concert by the united colored choirs of Atlanta, at the Auditorium Armory. Only the music by composers of color was presented. The N. A. A. C. P. was the beneficiary. An audience of 2,000 persons of both races heartily applauded every number. &lt;JT Mr. Harreld, assisted by Frederick Hall, pianist, was presented in a violin recital on September 18 by the War Camp Community Service at Columbus, Ga. The selections were by De Beriot, Tartini-Kreisler, Ries and Wieniawski. &lt;F The American Journal of Archaeology, No. 2 Quarterly for 1919, calls attention to the bronze statuettes from Egypt, which are re-copied. in the New York Historical Society Bulletin. The collection contains a unique figure of a kneeling Negro. 361 TH E CRISIS ADVERTISER Your Gold Tooth Polished Your White Teeth Bleached By Using Dr. WELTERS' Antiseptic —TOOTH POWDER— Absolutely Free From Grit &amp; Acid And Prevents Decay Ask your druggist. If he hasn't got it, ask him to order it for you. Send 27 Cents in Stamps for a full size package. The E. A. Welters' Tooth Powder Co., Inc. 410 BROAD ST. JACKSONVILLE, FLA. Agents and Distributors Wanted The Largest and Only Tooth Powder Manufacturing Corporation Owned and Controlled by Negroes in die United States Not an Ordinary Dentifrice but a Scientific Preparation Specially Prepared for Polishing "COLD" In the Mouth. "BLEACHING' the Teeth and Preventing Decay. Tel. 5437 Fort Hill Cable Address, Epben Patents secured on easy terms EDGAR P. BENJAMIN Writs far particulars. ATTORNEY AND COUNSELLOR -AT- LAW JOS. H. STEWART, Attorney-at-Law, 34 School Street Boston, Mass. 494 LoulaUna A T ... N . W„ Washington. D . C SPEND YOUR VACATION AT Earn ?35.to SIOO.WEEKLY Beautiful Idlewild ALL OR SPARE TIME The most wonderfully Ideal spot where young and old cast aside for the time all the cares and worries of their strenuous, nerve-racking routine lives and romp and play once more as children and enjoy to the full nature in all her wondrous glory. The waters of the lake and surrounding trout streams are fairly teeming with game fish of the best varieties. Do you enjoy bathing, boating. Ashing, hunting! Do you enjoy roaming through the wood3 picking wild flowers and wild berries! Do you want a place to go where you can build up your health, vitality, energy and business efficiency? Do you enjoy mingling with the active, thinking, progressive people of the day—people who do ihlngsT Do you believe In progress and do you want to J have a part In one of the most progressive move-w menu of the time? Surely I . Too—yourself—can positively make $35 to WOO a week. I Then you will be Interested in, and want to » want men, hustling, energetic* ambitious fellows, anxious to own a lot or your own in Beautiful Idlewild, J make money, who ore willing to work with me. Not forme, but Michigan. If yon art at once ynu can ae-* with me. Axe you that kind? I want you to advertise. Bell and cure a beauiiful lot for only $35.00 each; aoDoint local agents for the biggest, most Sensational seller in $6.00 cash; $1.00 per week. your When 50 yeare-the ROBINSON FOLDING BATH TUB. Demon-payments completed lot be are the will titrating Tab Famished. Here's an absolutely new invention transferred to you by an absolute —nothinglike it. Makes instant appeal. Sells easily Gives warranty deed with abstract show every home a modern, up-to-date bathroom in any pait of the ing clear title. house. No plumbing, no water-works needed. Folds in small roll, handy as umbrella- Self-emptying, positively unleakable. Absolutely guaranteed for 10 years. Remember, fully 70 per Good live energetic cent of homes have no bath rooms. agents wanted Sensational Sales Successes Two sales a day means $300 a month. Breeze, of Idaho, made Idlewild Resort 400 profit in 30 days. Rev. Otto Schulze, Mo., got 81000 to date. Burkholder, Mont,, orders $1072 in 17 days. Hamlin ton, of Wyo , made $60 first two dare. Hundreds like that. Pleasant, Company permanent, fascinating work* Write a post card. Let me write you a long letter. No experience needed, no capital. 1110 Hartford Bldg Your credit is good if you mean business. But ^ou must be So. Dearborn St. a postcard now' I want to pay yon S35 to $100 every week, Chicago. III. ambitious, you rrnet want to make money. That sail. Write H . S. Robinson, Pres. The Robinson Cabinet Mfg. Co. 504© Factories Building Toledo, Ohio Mention TH E CRISIS. THE CRISIS ADVERTISER TWO GREAT NEGRO BOOKS Emmett J. Scott's War History (A Few Interesting Chapters.) Colored Officers and How They Were Trained. Treatment of Negro Soldiers in Camp. The Negro Combat Division. Negro Soldiers Overseas. Negro Heroes of the War. Negro Soldier as a Fighter. The Spirit of the Negro at the Front. Negro Music That Stirred France. When the Boys Came Home. German Propaganda Among the Negroes. What the Negro Got Out of the War. The 38 chapters are interesting and instructive. There are 600 pages, size 7x 9 inches; price $2.90. ~ ~ 744 Pages, 100 Pages of Negro Soldiers. 50 Pages of other appropriate and interesting pictures. THE KELLY MILLER HISTORY OF THE WORLD WAR is all that the title can possibly mean. The author takes up the Great Conflict, following it step by step through the thirty excellent chapters, including the Terms of Peace. The Negro's War for Democratization—He braces Himself and Claims to be the Champion of Democracy—Enters the Arena of CombatI The German Indigent—The South Sensitive— The North Quizzical—The Whole World Hesitant. The Negro Turns the Tide at Chateau Thierry—He Helps Hurl Back the Hordes of the Hun—Wins His Place and Right to a Voice in the Affairs- of Mankind against Prejudice, Ridicule, Race Hatred and almost In surmountable Obstacles! The book is bound in durable cloth, with substantial head band, price $2.50. In Full Kerotol Morocco (similar to cut) $3.25. Copy mailed to any address upon receipt of the price. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. Emmett J. Scott, Author Prof. Kelly Miller, Author Dear Reader—We have sold more of these great books than have been sold by all other publishers and jobbers. If you want the books for your own use we will mail you the two for $5.00. If you wish to sell books, send 25 cents in stamps for one prospectus, or send 40 cents and we will mail both of them. Millions of these books are being sold, BIG MONEY is being made by our SALES PEOPLE. Will you join us in the distribution of good helpful race books. AUSTIN JENKINS CO. 523 9th St., Washington, D. C. Mention THE CRISIS. STATEST. STYLES TAILORED • TO - MEASURE At Agent's Inside Wholesale Prices New Fall and Winter Sample Book Now Ready Bigger Samples SENT FREE More Fabrics ^^^^^^^ ^^^^^^^ Additional Styles With inside Wholesale Prices to Agents Styles and Samples to please every taste, to look well on every age and build. Greater cash prof its to agents AMAZING Even if you don't want to be our Agent in your spare CASH PROFITS time, be sure to get our new FREE offer and learn how are being made ID we save you one-half on your own clothes. the delightful TAILORING AGENTS—Be sure to write and AGENCY get our new deal with Bigger Profits, TAILORING Better Attention and Prompt Shipments. BUSINESS Why Don't YOU KNICKERBOCKER TAILORING CO. Get Into the same? Dept 290, Chicago. ILL. New SAMPLE BOOK I WANT THAT please send it to me FREE and PREPAID. Hereis my address Name R.F.D Box Postoffice Street &amp; No State Fill in name and address plainly—and mail AT ONCE If you can't be our Agent in spare time, please hand this to some ambitious fellow Knickerbocker Tailoring Co., Dept. 290, Chicago, 111. Mention TH E CRISIS. NILE QUEEN) Manufactured by for Hair and Skin CHEMICAL C0.CHICAGO THE WORLD'S FINEST PREPARATIONS FOR HAIR AND SKIN FOR SALE AT ALL DRUG STORES AND BEAUTY SHOPS FREE-NILE QUEEN BEAUTY BOOK-FREE, WRITE FORA COPY TO-DAY KASHMIR Chemical Co. Dept. K 312 So. Clark St., Chicago, 111.