The Egoist , made Published Monthly The Egoist AN INDIVIDUALIST REVIEW Formerly the NEW FREEWOMAN No. 10.—Vol. III. OCTOBER 1916. Sixpence. Editor: HARRIET SHAW WEAVER. Assistant Editors: RICHARD ALDINGTON. H. D. Contributing Editor: DORA MARSDEN, B.A. CONTENTS page Berkeley's Doctrine of Esse (Extracts from Notes on By Prof. C. Lloyd Morgan  . . . . .145 March. By William Carlos Williams . . . .148 A Pagan Poet. By Madame Ciolkowska . . . 149 Dialogues or Fontenelle— VI. Translated by Ezra Pound 151 The Accented Syllable. By Marianne Moore . .151 page Liberations— XI (continued). By Leigh Henry . .152 Passing Paris. By Madame Ciolkowska . . .154 Serial Story— Tarr. By Wyndham Lewis . .155 Dreiser Protest. By Ezra Pound . . . .159 Poems. By E. Marriott......159 BERKELEY'S DOCTRINE OF ESSE By Prop. C. Lloyd Morgan I (1) LET E be the ego, T a thing, or a group of related things, and Rc the cognitive relation. Then the primary relational formula in cognition is ERCT. Here is a formula, charming in its apparent simplicity, briefly expressive of the extraordinarily complex subject-object relation so-called. (2) Neglect, for the present, the complexity of the terms in relatedness; neglect, too, the fluency of the cognitive process; we have then to notice that, since the formula holds for all cases, every known thing, as known, is in this relation. (3) We have here the "ego-centric predicament " (Perry). Every known T implies EEC (cf. notes 18,19). Translating this into Berkeleyan phraseology, we may say that, in so far as perceived, the esse of a thing is percipi. (4) That provisionally defines the esse of T in Berkeley's treatment. What of the esse of E? Just as the esse of T is defined in terms of percipi, so is the esse of E defined (by implication) in terms of percipere. Its "existence consists in perceiving ideas and thinking" (Principles (hereafter P.), § 139). (5) Now, Berkeley calls the thing as perceived an idea, or a collection of ideas, and speaks of it in this relation as being "in mind." But the expression "in mind" is ambiguous. (6) Berkeley speaks of " myself, that is, my own mind" (Third Dialogue between Hylas and Philonous (hereafter D. iii), Fraser's edition of 1901, p. 449). If, then, in accordance with this and other like passages, we identify the mind and the ego, and if the distinguishing mark of mind in this sense is percipere, how can the idea be in mind, since the distinguishing mark of the idea of thing is percipi? (7) It is clearly not in mind in this sense. It must therefore be in mind in some other sense. Let us suppose that by "in mind" in this other sense Berkeley means "within that which the formula ERCT expresses." Thus "qualities are in the mind only as they are perceived by it" (P., § 49). Of the thing, then, as idea or collection of ideas or of qualities, esse is predicated within the formula, and within the formula is spoken of as in mind. (8) But what, if any, is the status of T when it is not within the formula? Is it then non-existent? Berkeley's answer is that it is only non-existent within that formula. It is no longer, or not yet, within my mind. But it may be within (a) other finite minds, or (b) some supposed mind; and (c) it has continuous esse within the mind of God. (9) If no place can be found for T within any finite formula, it none the less has an enduring place in that which expresses relatedness to the all-knowing Eternal Spirit. "There is, therefore, some other Mind wherein they (ideas) exist during the intervals between the times of my perceiving them" (D. iii, p. 447). (10) Hence there is an abiding relational formula GRcT; and when E knows T, both E and G are simultaneously knowing T. The continuous esse of T is therefore dependent on GRTC, and, in so far as continuous, is independent of ERCT. None the less it is dependent on Rc relatedness. Its being is in being known. (11) But is the Rc relatedness in ERCT and that in GRCT of like nature? The former is primarily sense-perception. And when Berkeley says: "Sensible things do really exist; and, if they really exist, they are necessarily perceived by an infinite mind " (D. ii, p. 425), it would seem that our perceptions and God's perception are to be regarded as of like nature. (12) Berkeley, however, also asserts that "God perceives nothing by sense as we do"; and, again, that "His ideas are not conveyed to Him by sense ##146 THE EGOIST October 1916 as ours are" (D. iii, p. 459). So far, therefore, the Rc in the formula ERCT and that in GRCT are not wholly of like nature. (13) In any case the essential relation for Berkeley is between spirit (E or G) and the thing or idea (T). All esse falls either within the one or within the other. "There are only things perceived and things perceiving"; "besides spirits all you conceive are ideas" (D. iii, pp. 453, 472; cf. pp. 422, 479). II (14) We have seen (10) that ERC does not, for Berkeley, determine the continuous existence of T. That is determined by GRC. So far as finite percipients are concerned, therefore, the esse of thing is independent of the esse of ego. (15) None the less, the starting-point of Berkeley's treatment is that, within the formula ERCT, so far as it obtains, the then and there esse of T is determined by the ERC. It is from this basis that he proceeds to "conclude the being of a God, because all sensible things must be perceived by Him" (D. ii, p. 425). (16) Let us, for the present, restrict our attention to the basis from which he starts—the reiterated assertion that a thing exists only, for us, in so far as it is perceived or perceivable (D. iii, p. 451). (17) But may not other modes or relatedness than that of cognition exist in the perceivable world? May not two things, T and T', be in some other relation, say, Rg; and may not TEgT' (e.g. the gravitative relatedness of earth and sun) have being independently of being known by us? (18) Assume that it may. Do we then escape the ego-centric predicament? Seemingly not. For every known case, as known, is ERC(TRXT'). Here, instead of a thing as a relatively simple term, we have, as a complex term (in brackets) things in such and such relation. (19) And every knowable case, as knowable, is 'ERC(TRXT'), where 'E stands for some one who might know if he were in Rc; meaning thereby, as Berkeley says, " that if we were placed in . . . such and such a position and distance, both from the earth and sun, we should perceive the former to move among the choir of planets " (P., § 58). (20) A crucial question of great difficulty here arises. Grant that the esse of TRXT' is independent of either ERC or 'ERC, is its (sic) esse none the less dependent on Ec relatedness? (21) Now whether the thing, or some relatedness of things is, apart from actual ERC or supposed 'ERC, just the same as it is within the field of cognitive relatedness, we cannot directly determine; for it is obviously impossible to compare the thing (or relation) as known or knowable with the thing (or relation) as neither known nor knowable. (22) We are forced back, therefore, on general considerations. I conceive that the fundamental question is whether the nature of a term is, or is not, in some or in all cases, determined by its relation to other terms. (23) Is the nature of oxygen, and is that of hydrogen, in water, what they severally then and there are in virtue of the chemical relatedness! So long as we are dealing with their ad hoc natures—their natures in a given respect—I take it that the reply is in the affirmative. (24) It may be said, however, that the mass of oxygen and that of hydrogen are the same both in nature and amount (a) prior to, and (b) subsequent to, their entry into this or any other specific chemical combination. True; but it may be urged that the mass character of physical terms is always determined by their relatedness in this respect to other physical terms. (25) Again, it may be contended that the nature of things in a room is no wise determined by their space-relatedness therein. True, their otherwise nature is not thus determined. But is not their position! And is not position just the one and only matter for consideration which is ad rem in respect of their spatial relatedness? (26) The problem is, no doubt, a difficult one. But there is, I think, much to be said for the contention that, given any mode of relatedness, the ad hoc nature of the terms is dependent on their then and there relation (cf. 184). . . . (29) The trouble here is that this otherwise nature and these other relations, must also be known, or must at least be dealt with as knowable. And what may be their nature save as knowable we obviously cannot know. (30) I hazard the assertion, if it be only to draw the enemy's fire, that all scientific knowledge tacitly presupposes the EEC in the formula 'ERC(TRXT') where 'E again stands for a supposed knower. (31) No doubt both science and common sense assume that the existence of TRXT' is not dependent on any entry into cognitive relatedness—but, as I conceive, neither the one nor the other has much interest in affirmations or denials concerning its nature, save only as knowable. (32) Wherein when does such a doctrine differ from that for which Berkeley contended? In this: that such a doctrine of the knowable presupposes an 'E, whereas Berkeley's doctrine presupposes an actual continuous knower, namely, God. His doctrine is not excluded, but it is not necessarily included. (33) And further that such a doctrine postulates a real existence nowise necessarily dependent on cognition, however much or however little its nature as knowable (its sic esse) may be dependent on the knowledge relation; whereas Berkeley denies existence independent of existence in mind, i.e. within some cognitive formula. (34) The question between the materialist and me, he says, "is not, whether things have a real existence out of the mind of this or that person, but whether they have an absolute existence distinct from being perceived by God, and exterior to all minds" (D. iii, p. 452). Ill (35) We started with the drastically simplified formula ERCT; and we regarded Berkeley's expression "in mind" as, at any rate often, equivalent to "within that which this formula expresses." Let us now consider further what T stands for in this formula. (36) Primarily it stands for a thing. But what is the connexion between thing, as perceived or perceivable entity, and idea in Berkeley's treatment? Often they seem to be identical; not infrequently something more complex (e.g. a thing in motion) is spoken of as an idea; but I take it that, at bottom, the idea is for Berkeley a specific quality of the thing, either (a)- actually presented to sense, or (b) representative of what may be, but is not, so presented, i.e. " what is suggested from experience " (D. i, p. 415). (37) In this third sense of the word, a thing is a collection of the qualities which are, or may be, presented as ideas. " As several of these are observed to accompany each other, they come to be marked by one name, and so to be reputed as one thing. Thus a certain colour, taste, smell, figure, and consistence, having been observed to go together, are accounted one distinct thing, signified by the name apple; other collections of ideas constitute a stone, a tree, a book, and the like sensible things " (P., §1). . . . (46) Now in Berkeley's doctrine any given presentation P is actually part of the perceivable thing. It is that quality, or related group of qualities, with which some E is in the direct Ec relation of sensory acquaintance. (47) Neither the presentation, nor the total complex ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 147 of presentable qualities, is a tertium quid or intermediary, related on the one hand to the ego, and on the other hand to the thing. The thing is its perceivable qualities (D. i, p. 384). None the less, things are, for Berkeley, in some manner, intermediaries, susceptible of relatedness on the one hand to some E, and on the other hand continuously related to God. (48) Men of science, within their province, substitute for God the physical order of nature; and they, too, I think, generally regard the presentation as, in some sense, intermediary between the observer and physical reality. We have, they say, the physical object as reality—though some one would add as a qualification, hypothetical reality—and we have the perceived qualities as appearances.; (49) The ego is on this view perceptually related to the appearances, and they in turn are related to, or correlated with, the physical object. The problem thus raised is a difficult and subtle one. It must suffice here provisionally to accept the view that one and the same entity is knowable in different ways; as thing perceptually and as physical object conceptually. But the physical object as such is beyond the reach of perception. . . . IV (72) It cannot be too strongly emphasized that the thing is that with which we have direct perceptual acquaintance, whereas the physical object is that of which we have conceptual knowledge, though no doubt the one is, for scientific interpretation, correlated with the other. It only serves to confuse the issue if we persist in speaking of physical properties as if they were primary qualities. (73) As I here use the words, a quality is perceivable; it is susceptible of sensory presentation. But the electromagnetic properties of physical objects are unperceivable, no matter how closely they may be correlated with perceivable qualities. V (74) We have noted that the thing is, for Berkeley, a collection of ideas, that these ideas are perceivable, and that their esse is percipi. But what of the esse of substance? It is clearly not percipi. If that were so we should have an idea of "matter," which Berkeley roundly denies. Since, then, we are limited to the alternative, either ideas or spirits (13). And since substance is excluded from the category of ideas "it is evident that there is not any other substance than spirit or that which perceives" (P., § 7). Otherwise stated, ideas or qualities "which subsist not by themselves are supported by or exist in minds or spiritual substances" (P., § 89; cf. § 91). (75) Take, now, that thing or collection of ideas which we call a quartz crystal. Grant that its perceivable qualities, as attributes, are supported by substance. In what sense do these qualities "exist in minds or spiritual substances"? Do they exist (a) in the ego or (b) in that with which the ego is in cognitive relation % Surely, even for Berkeley, the substance, like the qualities, is in mind in the latter sense (b) of this ambiguous expression. (76) In so far as we have knowledge of the substance of quartz, we are in some sort of cognitive relation to that of which we have this knowledge. But what is this substance to which we are in thought relation, if not in the relation of sensory acquaintance? What is it for science which carries on the tradition of that "material substance" against which Berkeley's arguments were directed? (77) A difficult question this, which I cannot here discuss. From the answers which may be given I select that which will, I think, best keep us in touch with Berkeley. (78) If we regard (as Berkeley, in the Siris, permits us to regard) substance as the order of relatedness which gives unity to a group of terms, or of parts within a whole, then, as relational, it will be that which in his (afterthought) terminology is termed a notion and not an idea. (79) It may be noted, however, that Berkeley's attitude towards relations is somewhat uncertain. According to P., §§ 27, 89, and 142, we have notions, not ideas of relation. But he speaks of " motion being only an idea" (P., § 58; cf. §§ 7, 50, 102). Motion, however, involves change of relation in space and time. Hence "the idea I have of motion doth necessarily include relation" (P., § 112). The idea therefore includes a notion! (80) All relations, however, are also spoken of as "including an act of the mind" (P., § 142). The word "notion," indeed, primary signifies such acts. Order of relatedness must therefore, so far, be in that which perceives. Hence it would seem that the esse of substance must be one with the esse of percipere. (81) Again we must ask: In what sense is the order-relatedness in, let us say, the orbital motions of the planets, attributable in esse to percipere? No doubt to observe them or to explain them includes an act of the mind. But, even for Berkeley, such acts of the human mind do not give them the esse of continuous beings. That, during the intervals between the terms of human perception, is dependent on their being at all times and everywhere throughout the solar system perceived by God. (82) Broadley considered, the essence of Berkeley's immaterialism lay in his contention that all relational order is, in its true being, spiritual in esse. Just as the modern man of science may believe that there is but one substance—the order of nature—which is the ground of all world happenings; so Berkeley, after his manner, taught that there is but one substance—the Eternal Spirit—who is the Source of all phenomena. (83) In the case of God and "the world, then, is substance restricted to spirit as All-knowing, or does it extend also to the world as all-known? Here, again, we have the ambiguity of "in mind." Berkeley seems to read it both ways, now the one and now the other, according to the exigencies of his argument. (84) One more question: " If we suppose that one and the same Mind is the Universal Principle of order and harmony throughout the world, containing and connecting all its parts " (Siris, § 287), we must ask whether this order and harmony throughout the world has being through being known by God? (85) In many passages Berkeley's reply to this question is in the affirmative. In other passages, however, this cognitive doctrine of esse is, as we shall see, supplemented by a causative doctrine (Cf. § 137). . . . VI (101) Of course, too, the development of the egg (for reference see §§ 86-100) as knowable forms no part of the supposai or ideal construction as such. Eggs developed quite effectually long before there were any supposais having reference to that development, and they continue to do so independently of any actual cognitive process. . . . VIII (145) Berkeley's account of Creation runs thus: "When things before imperceptible to creatures are, by decree of God, perceptible to them, then are they said to begin a relative existence, with regard to created minds" (D. iii., p. 472). (146) Here we have (a) the prior existence of things, (b) having eternal existence in the mind of God, ##148 THE EGOIST October 1916 (c) the existence of creative minds, and (d) the creation of the world "in the Mosaic account" as the rendering of pre-existing things perceivable to created minds. (147) Apart from any difficulty there may be in bringing this into accord with the Biblical narrative, the relations of the esse of eternal existence to the esse of percipi and to the esse of causari are somewhat puzzling. (148) In any case we are referred back to the primal existence of "things before imperceivable to creatures." What things? Apples, stones, trees, and the like sensible things? Surely not; these are what God rendered perceptible at the Creation. It would seem rather that " their archetypes can exist only in some other minds " (P., § 99). (149) Creation, then, " in the Mosaic account," is the translation of these archetypes into ectypes. How this is effected by the causal agency of spirit Berkeley does not render clear. The essence of his doctrine, however, is that all knowing and, by implication, all that is known, all causing, and all that is caused, is essentially spiritual in substance. . . . X (214) There remains the so-called ineradicable conviction that there must be a source on which phenomena are dependent, and that the transcendental ego must be the source of some, at least, of the phenomena of our own life. The reliance here is not so much on the verdict of introspection as on the verdict which a reasoned explanation of the universe, and of human reason itself, unmistakably pronounces. (215) Here, I take it, the belief in the source of phenomena is, in large measure, accepted, not as a terminus ad quern—a conclusion to which a chain of reasoning leads up—but as a terminus a quo—a basis from which we must start if the existence of phenomena is to be explained in any philosophical sense. (216) How does this ineradicable conviction arise? I can only hazard a suggestion. Our whole method of exact thought deals with terms in relation. Hence, when we take the whole universe of phenomena as a complex term we are impelled, in further pursuance of that method, to seek a noumenal term to which this phenomenal term is in relation. The world as ordered, we say, implies some ordering agency. (217) Condensing the universe of phenomena into U, we cannot leave it unrelated. We therefore postulate a source to which it is in the relation of dependence. Given U, we postulate RdG to provide the relatedness URdG—the universe as dependent on God, or, if it be preferred, on l' elan vital. (218) Furthermore, since within the universe of phenomena events which are, to us, of paramount interest seem to be in a like relation of dependence on human volition, we postulate agency here also, and regard these changes in the world as dependent on the transcendental ego as their source. Symbolizing changes wrought through our volition as V, we complete the formula VRdE. (222) I see no reason why the acceptance of a scientific account of the physical world, of life, and of mind should preclude the acceptance, within its appropriate universe of discourse, of the philosophical doctrine. But I am of opinion that scientific interpretation in terms of the one should not be confused with philosophical explanation in terms of the other. The foregoing article is comprised of extracts taken from a paper read before the Aristotelian Society on Jan. 5, 1915. These we have been enabled to publish through the kindness of the President of the Society, Dr. Wildon Carr, to whom we express our thanks. The article appears in full in the Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society for 1915—published by Messrs. Williams and Norgate, 14 Henrietta Street, Covent Garden, London, W.C.— Editor. MARCH I WINTER is long in this climate and spring—a matter of a few days only,— a flower or two picked from mud or from among wet leaves or at best against treacherous bitterness of wind, and sky shining teasingly, then closing in black and sudden, with fierce jaws. II March, you remind me of the pyramids, our pyramids— stript of the polished stone that used to guard them! March, you are like Fra Angelico at Fiesole, painting on plaster! March, you are like a band of young poets that have not learned the blessedness of warmth (or have forgotten it). At any rate— I am moved to write poetry for the warmth there is in it and for the loneliness— a poem that shall have you in it, March. Ill See! Ashur-ban-i-pal, the archer king, on horse-back, in blue and yellow enamel! with drawn bow—facing lions standing on their hind legs, fangs bared! his shafts bristling in their necks! Sacred bulls—dragons in embossed brickwork marching—in four tiers— along the sacred way to Nebuchadnezzar's throne hall! They shine in the sun, they that have been marching— marching under the dust of ten thousand dirt years. Now— they are coming into bloom again! See them! marching still, bared by the storms from my calendar —winds that blow back the sand! winds that enfilade dirt! winds that by strange craft have whipt up a black army that by pick and shovel bare a procession to the god, Marduk! Natives cursing and digging for pay unearth dragons with upright tails and sacred bulls alternately— in four tiers— lining the way to an old altar! ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 149 Natives digging at old walls— digging me warmth—digging me sweet loneliness— high enamelled walls. IV My second spring— passed in a monastery with plaster walls—in Fiesole on the hill above Florence. My second spring—painted a virgin—in a blue aureole sitting on a three-legged stool, arms crossed— she is intently serious, and still watching an angel with coloured wings half kneeling before her— and smiling—the angel's eyes holding the eyes of Mary as a snake's holds a bird's. On the ground there are flowers, trees are in leaf. V But now! now for the battle! Now for murder—now for the real thing! My third springtime is approaching! Winds! lean, serious as a virgin, seeking, seeking the flowers of March. Seeking flowers nowhere to be found, they twine among the bare branches in insatiable eagerness— they whirl up the snow seeking under it— they—the winds—snakelike roar among yellow reeds seeking flowers—flowers. I spring among them seeking one flower in which to warm myself! I deride with all the ridicule of misery— my own starved misery. Counter-cutting winds strike against me refreshing their fury! Come, good, cold fellows! Have we no flowers! Defy then with even more desperation than ever—being lean and frozen! But though you are lean and frozen— think of the blue bulls of Babylon. Fling yourselves upon their empty roses— cut savagely! But— think of the painted monastery at Fiesole. William Carlos Williams New Jersey, U.S.A. A PAGAN POET Je te l'ai dit: je fus une simple païenne. Laisse-moi me hâter vers la douceur ancienne, Et, puisque enfin l'instant de ma mort est venu, Retrouver celles-là qui ne t'ont pas connu. To Mlle. M.E., admirer of Renée Vivien and Kate Greenaway, complete artist, most original of critics, cruel wit, Parisian, domesticated and untameable, instigator of some of the following ideas. THE term "passed away" is the one most applicable to the disappearance from among the "quick" some seven years ago of a girl born in the United States of half-English, half-American parentage, to whom the greatest masters in French prosody had transmitted their most golden secrets: Renée Vivien by pseudonym. If it is difficult to realize the phenomena of this woman's life and genius, choosing a foreign language (as did Stuart Merrill and Moreas, and as does the Comtesse Mathieu de Noailles) for the expression of her art, it is still more difficult to imagine her death, for she was never mortal enough to be conceived dead. Her life passed unheeded, and death has removed her into a past as distant from us as that of a character in legend. Her personality has been submerged by her work. Often mystery surrounds the great: they leave hardly a trace beyond their art. We have examples innumerable. And no amount of burrowing (take Shakespeare's case, for instance, or, even, Jesus Christ's) brings one nearer to the personality: on the contrary, the more discoveries are made the more entangled their life's mystery becomes, each clue being but a new thread in the web involving the subject. All precisions as to her individuality would seem to disallow thoughts of its evocation, and those who approached her seem unable to furnish that finality to their reminiscences which characterizes portraiture. She hardly participated of reality during her life, far less can she be placed in it by force now. The only mark she leaves is a poetic heritage prodigious by its perfection, prodigious by its wealth, prodigious because its abundance never serves as apology for blemishes of style. But she was never prolix. "Profusion," she has said, "is an Occidental vice. . . . It must be hated and battled against. Is this not true, O Eastern poet,| who never sent to your mistress but one perfect flower?" In the course of nine short years Renée Vivien produced a bookshelf full of poetry whose faultlessness of form has been recognized by every expert in French prosody. She was, say they, a great poet, and an exemplary French poet. In her prose, her inspiration falls short of that which animated her poetic conception. In prose she was, generally, the woman, the somewhat effaced human woman she seems to have been in life; in poetry alone her personality realized its full expansion. The frail young creature whom, apparently, many a breeze of outside influence could sway, was also the most original of poets, the most courageous of characters. Her immense, dumbfounding courage expressed itself in two leading ways: she adhered to her feminine identity when the simple expedient of a masculine poetic disguise would have saved her from bourgeois reproof for the amorous predilection which might have served as réclame to one of smaller talent and less lofty independence. She has written in all kinds of words those addressed to Christ heading this article, and which are from the poem beginning: Si le Seigneur penchait son front sur mon trépas, Je lui dirais: 'O Christ, je ne te connais pas! ' Seigneur, ta stricte loi ne fut jamais la mienne; Et je vécus ainsi qu'une simple païenne. . . . ##150 the egoist October 1916 Le soleil me ceignait de ses plus vives flammes Et l'amour m'inclina vers la beauté des femmes . . .* And yet, despite this candour, obviously the sexless poet loved woman more even than did the woman: Dénou enfin tes bras fiévreux ô ma maîtresse! Délivre-moi du joug de ton baiser amer, Et loin de ton parfum dont l'impudeur m'oppresse, Laisse-moi respirer les souffles de la mer. Loin des langueurs du lit, de l'ombre de l'alcôve, J'aspirerai le sel du vent et l'âcreté Des algues, et j'irai vers la profondeur fauve, Pâle de solitude, ivre de chasteté! By slow, long foreseen, heroic preparation, consciously, willingly, in full possession of her faculties, at the prime of her inspiration, she let herself die, she made herself die. She was a mere girl, her work had already drawn admiration, she was pretty, rich, thirty years old and she chose to die. She did not commit the abrupt, disturbing act of suicide; she did not kill herself; she prevented herself from living, merely. The form of her poetry ranking her with the great classics of France, it has occasionally been suggested to select such of her poems—they are few—as are not of amorous inspiration or do not openly admit to disdain for that form of passion which finds its place in anthologies and family editions. Whitman will find apologists where silence and anathema surround Renée Vivien if she offer not the slightest hold for ambiguous interpretation. Brantôme may be bought for two sous by any schoolboy at a station bookstall; Les Liaisons Dangereuses is not kept under lock and key; many far more dangerous writings in the realistic order are freely propagated, but Renée Vivien's confessions must exclude her from recognition despite her recognized genius. And if my opinion in the matter were asked, I would answer, "Why should the bourgeois be forced to admire such delicate phenomena?" Why should school-children be initiated to these secrets? Similar hints in classical works, mythology, the Bible, Shakespeare, Byron, from long repetition and vulgarization pass unheard and unnoticed. The world has become deaf to them as one eventually grows deaf to all reiteration. The novelty attached to Renée Vivien, the undisguised frankness, bring revelation, and revelations are not meant to reveal. The book so named remains the most enigmatic ever written. Renée Vivien's text must make its way in the world slowly, discreetly, and with difficulty, like all such as is worth hearing. It is in the correct order of things that science and discoveries relating to material welfare be widely propagated. But philosophy and art must not be sent forth into the world, the world must make its pilgrimage to them. Publicity will, by its promiscuity, contaminate them without furthering their cause, for the world hears only when it is ready to. In the spiritual sphere we cannot be taught. Spiritually we are self-formed and that is wiry religions have always had to succumb to modifications and interpretations. They have had to adapt themselves to the minds to which they were introduced. Religions have always diverted from their original lines, and there have never been any conversions. These views would have been endorsed by Renée Vivien, who entertained the utmost contempt for the publicity often accompanying the lives of writers and artists. Qu'ailleurs l'aube de gloire irradie et rougeoie! Que m'importe le vent qui disperse mes vers Dans les replis obscurs de l'obscur univers, Puisque je n'ai chanté que pour ma seule joie? Shortly before her death she withdrew her poems * From the collection entitled A l' Heure des Mains Jointes. from circulation, reserving them for the private delectation of certain admirers. Several volumes were issued posthumously by her friend and publisher, M. Sansot, notably, under the title of Haillons, those expressing the terrible days preceding her self-imposed death. There is no greater tragedy in poetry, for there is none more undoubtedly self-experienced. These lines seem to show that their author was the hypnotized prey of a pitiless master who transmitted the weight of his genius to shoulders too frail to carry it. They produce the impression that they were written to the dictation of an irresistible, mercilessly tyrannical exterior power. I find a slight suggestion of this, as though she had been at times conscious of her enslavement, in " Domination du Poème " *: Je subis tout mon sort . . . L'impérieux poème Me domine à l'égal de la femme qu'on aime. Amèrement jaloux, despotique et méchant Voici que vient régner, sur mon âme, le chant. Servilement je sers l'impérieux poème, Mille fois plus aimé que la femme qu'on aime. Qu'il soit méchant, qu'il soit tyrannique et jaloux, On ne l'en sert que plus promptement à genoux! . . ." And especially in "Inspiration"*: L'esprit souffle. ... Et le vent emporte les paroles Qui vacillent ainsi que les musiques folles. Inexplicable autant que l'amour et la foi O l'Inspiration! reviens bientôt vers moi! Reviens comme le vent qui chante et se lamente, Reviens comme une haleine implacable ou démente! Reviens comme le vent qui m'inspira l'amour, Et je t'accueillerai, dans l'instant du retour, Avec l'emportement et l'angoisse démente Qu'inspire le retour d'une infidèle amante!" The body was gradually decaying as the inspiration approached to its term. It dies by order as it lived by order: L'HEURE Voici l'inévitable et terrible moment Ou mon destin s'écrit, inévitablement. Une muette horreur m'envahit et m'accable Devant le calme front de l'Heure inévitable. H ne me reste plus l'élan d'un jeune espoir . . . Sans force et sans ardeur, je m'abandonne au soir. Je n'attends plus le luth ni la musicienne Ni le jour glorieux. . . . Ah! que la fin survienne! . . . She wrote, as did Blake, under pressure and to a certain degree unconsciously. Her own admission to absence of the critical faculty is a symptom of cases such as these. But whatever the theory entertained in connexion with the personal tragedy of Renée Vivien we, who have survived her to attend a universal tragedy, can only feel glad for her sake that she escaped before its advent, she who suffered already so bitterly from the whole enigma of life as it presented itself to her, free from such an aggravation of all its normal ills: L'Univers m'apparaît comme un songe mauvais . . . Qui me dira sur quel chemin obscur je vais? * "Domination du Poème" is taken from the collection entitled Le Vent des Vaisseaux and "Inspiration" from Dans un Coin de Violettes, both published by Sansot. ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 151 Qui me dira pourquoi mon cœur trop lourd se brise Devant la froide horreur de la Chose Incomprise? Eenée Vivien was no match for the world. Considering this, the fate that appeared merciless has proved, on the contrary, most merciful. Who knows when cruelty is kindness, or kindness cruelty? Muriel Ciolkowska DIALOGUES OF FONTENELLE Translated by Ezra Pound VI CHARLES V AND ERASMUS ERASMUS. Be in no uncertainty, if there are ranks among the dead, I shall not cede you precedence. Charles. A grammarian! A mere savant, or to push your claims to extremes, a man of wit, who would carry it off over a prince who has been master of the best half of Europe! Erasmus. Add also America, and I am not the least more alarmed. Your greatness was a mere conglomeration of chances, as one who should sort out all its parts would make you see clearly. If your grandfather Ferdinand had been a man of his word, you would have had next to nothing in Italy; if other princes had had sense enough to believe in antipodes, Columbus would not have come to him, and America would not have been beneath your dominion; if, after the death of the last Duke of Burgundy, Louis XI had well considered his actions, the heiress of Burgundy would not have married Maximilian, or the Low Countries descended to you; if Henry of Castile, the brother of your grandmother Isabel, had not had a bad name among women, or if his wife had been of an unsuspectable virtue, Henry's daughter would have passed for his daughter and the kingdom of Castile have escaped you. Charles. You alarm me. At this late hour I am to lose Castile, or the Low Lands, or America, or Italy, one or the other. Erasmus. You need not laugh. There could not have been a little good sense in one place, or a little good faith in another without its costing you dearly. There was nothing—to your great-uncle's impotence; to the inconstancy of your great-aunt—that you could have done without. How delicate is that edifice whose foundation is such a collection of hazards. Charles. There is no means of bearing so strict an examination as yours. I confess that you sweep away all my greatness and all my titles. Erasmus. They were the adornments whereof you boasted, and I have swept them away without trouble. Do you remember having heard said that the Athenian Cimon, having taken prisoner a great number of Persians, put up their clothing and their naked bodies for sale, and since the clothes were greatly magnificent there was great concourse to buy them, but no one would bid for the men? Faith, I think what befell the Persians would happen to a good number of others if one detached their personal merit from that which fortune has given them. Charles. What is personal merit? Erasmus. Need one ask that? Everything that is in us, our mind, for example, our knowledge. Charles. And can one reasonably boast of these things? Erasmus. Certainly. These are not gifts of chance like high birth and riches. Charles. You surprise me. Does not knowledge come to the savant as wealth comes to most who have it? Is it not by way of inheritance? You receive from the ancients, as we receive from our fathers. If we have been left all we possess, you have been left all that you know, and on this account many scholars regard what they have from the ancients with such respect as certain men regard their ancestral lands and houses, wherein they would hate to have anything changed. Erasmus. The great are born heirs of their father's greatness, but the learned are not born inheritors of the ancient learning. Knowledge is not an entail received, it is an wholly new acquisition made by personal effort, or if it is an entail it is so difficult to receive as to be worthy of honour. Charles. Very well. Set the trouble of acquiring mental possessions against that of preserving the goods of fortune, the two things are quite equal; for if difficulty is all that you prize, there is as much in worldly affairs as in the philosopher's study. Erasmus. Then set knowledge aside and confine ourselves to the mind, that at least does not depend upon fortune. Charles. Does not depend? The mind consists of a certain formation of cerebrum, is there less luck in being born with a respectable cerebrum than being born son to a king? You were a man of great genius; but ask all the philosophers why you weren't stupid and log-headed; it depended on next to nothing, on a mere disposition of fibres so fine that the most delicate operation of anatomy cannot find it. And after knowing all this the fine wits still dare to tell us that they alone are free from the dominion of chance, and think themselves at liberty to despise the rest of mankind. Erasmus. Your argument is that it is as creditable to be rich as to show fine intelligence. Charles. To have fine intelligence is merely a luckier chance, but chance it all is at the bottom. Erasmus. You mean that all is chance? Charles. Yes, provided we give that name to an order we do not understand. I leave you to decide whether I have not plucked men cleaner than you have; you merely strip from them certain advantages of birth, I take even those of their understanding. If before being vain of a thing they should try to assure themselves that it really belonged to them, there would be little vanity left in the world. THE ACCENTED SYLLABLE FOR the most part, in what we read, it is the meaning rather than the tone of voice which gives us pleasure. By the tone of voice I mean that intonation in which the accents which are responsible for it are so unequivocal as to persist, no matter under what circumstances the syllables are read or by whom they are read. Often the recital of a passage is termed monotonous when the dominant accents only are monotonous and it is made up of an infinite number of varied accents; if an author's written tone of voice is distinctive, a reader's speaking tone of voice will not obliterate it. An author's tone of voice repels or compels us. It rarely happens that this tone of voice varies from time to time as the author writes under one classification of prose, say history, or under another, say fiction; but we have an instance of this in the case of Poe. Poe's narrative tone of voice is flavoured with artifice, and with the artifice of the drawing-room, not with the artifice of the detective-story expert, the italicized words serving only to make the effect more rigid. The ideas stand muster and the sentences are carefully interrelated so the slightly repellant flavour of the writing is to be attributed to the tone of voice rather than to the trend of the ideas. In the case of Poe's papers on the Literati of New York, the critical opinions expressed are in many cases not sound, and in some cases argue a ##152 THE EGOIST October 1916 complete lack of imagination as in the flouting of Cornelius Matthews'" feathers darker than a thousand fears," on the ground that feathers are not of the same substance as fears and are not to be compared with them. Moreover, in these papers—and in the Rationale of Verse—there is a tincture of the artificiality which characterizes the narratives, there is a slight grandiloquence, a straining for rarity, and an unmistakable tone of condescension, but the intensity of the writing is very fine and an intonation of gusto lends to the whole an imperativeness which the tales can never have. Compare the tone of voice of the tales with the critical tone of voice in this passage: I think I could manage the point myself (the writing of Greek hexameters): For example: Do tell when may we hope to make men of sense out of the pundits, Born and brought up with their snouts deep down in the mud of the frogpond? ... or downright, upright nutmegs out of a pineknot? The proper spondee predominance is here preserved; some of the dactyls are not so good as I could wish, but upon the whole the rhythm is very decent, to say nothing of the excellent sense. And in this: The truth is that cant has never attained a more owl-like dignity than in the discussion of dramatic principle. A modern stage critic is nothing if not a lofty condemner of all things simple and direct. In these extracts we have distinctive, written, personal tone of voice. It is true that written tones of voice may resemble each other and that a distinctive tone of voice employed by one author may resemble that same tone of voice as employed by another author. The following observations of Poe's are as like some of Samuel Butler's notes as any of Butler's notes are like each other: An argument (prefixed to a poem) is but another form of "this is an ox," subjoined to the portrait of an animal with horns. The deepest emotion aroused within us by the happiest allegory is a very imperfectly satisfied sense of the writer's ingenuity in overcoming a difficulty which we should have preferred his not having attempted to overcome. . . . Under the best circumstances it must interfere with that unity of effect which to the artist is worth all the allegories in the world. . . . Pleasure will be derived from the reader's ability to keep the allegory out of sight or his inability to comprehend it. But the fact that a tone of voice is not invariably a distinctly personal one does not alter the fact that the tone of voice does contribute to or detract from the aesthetic effect of a piece of writing. In the case of rhymed verse, a distinctive tone of voice is dependent on naturalistic effects, and naturalistic effects are so rare in rhyme as almost not to exist. By a naturalistic effect I mean the sort of thing we have in Hamilton Sorley's "Barrabas," D. F. Dalston's "Blown," and Wallace Stevens' "As Before." Little live, great pass. Jesus Christ and Barrabas Were found the same day. Spectator, May 27, 1916. It was all my own, I have tended it carefully For its sake full many a crop have I sown. I have guarded it well from the winds that have blown So bitterly. English Review, June 1914. He will be thinking in strange countries Of the white stones near her door; But it is me he will see At the window, as before. Poetry, July 1916. So far as free verse is concerned, it is the easiest thing in the world to create one intonation in the image of another until finally one has assembled a bouquet of vocal exclamation points. I can read the following advertisement with a great deal of pleasure but I am not sure that it would give me pleasure to read this identical advertisement every day in the week. An intonation must have meaning behind it to support it, or it is not worth much: Venus pencils are made in seventeen black and two copying degrees, each degree guaranteed never to vary: softest and blackest, very very soft and very black, very soft and very black, very soft and black, soft and black, soft, soft medium, firm, medium hard, hard, very hard, extra hard, very very hard, and firm, extra extra hard and firm, extra extra hard and extra firm, hardest and firmest. Marianne Moore LIBERATIONS Studies of Individuality in Contemporary Music XI (continued) THE DEVELOPMENT OF AKIMENKO'S IDIOM WITH the Poème Lyrique pour Orchestre, Op. 20, the exotic tendency which characterizes Akimenko's later work first becomes dominantly manifest. The mood of the music is poised on the extreme verge of consciousness, and is expressed with an exquisitely refined use of harmonic color and orchestral timbre. In both spirit and technical treatment is discernible the culmination of certain elements in his earlier work, a certainty of expression which is the direct outcome of the consciousness tentatively expressed in the preceding instrumental works. But this maturity of expression has nothing stereotyped about it. His mentality colors every impression of the music; his emotions are given an extraordinary character by the subtlety and originality of their interpretation. This faculty for re-creating the nature of things is ever in evidence in Akimenko's work. He seeks always to express the rarer essence of things, to embody them in utterances correspondingly rarefied and subtle. With Charles van Lerberghe he might justly claim to speak Avec des mots si frais, si virginaux, avec des mots si purs, qu'ils tremblent dans l'azur, et semblent dits, pour la première fois au paradis. From this opus number onwards Akimenko devotes himself more and more definitely to compositions for solo pianoforte, the cause for this possibly being found in the intimate nature and personal character of the things which he has to express. The Cinq Morceaux pour Piano, Op. 21 (Prelude, Intermezzo, Valse, Mélodie, Esquisse), together with the Consolation pour Piano, Op. 22, mark no appreciable development of the tendencies apparent in the preceding works, though in the Esquisse the impressionistic mood of his earlier music takes a slightly more definite technical form. But in the Cinq Preludes, Op. 23, the fantastic quabty of conception which is so characteristic of Akimenko's later work becomes markedly manifest. The first number, "Conte fantastique," has an atmo-## October 1916 THE EGOIST 153 sphere of mystery and whimsicality akin to that of a child's fairy-tale. But its emotional quality betrays the experience of a sensitive adult. The "Berceuse" which forms the second number has something about it more elusive than the ordinary slumber-song. It creates a desire for sleep by the suggestion of beautiful dreams. The third number, "Songe d'enfant," has much of the childlike nature of the early Choral Songs, while the fourth, "Songe d'une mère," combines a sympathetic comprehension of these elements with a more mature emotional quality. From the final number, "Le réveil," one obtains an impression of things spiritual and actual curiously and inextricably mingled, which I can only equate by that produced by the exquisite section of Verlaine's " La bonne chanson," commencing "Avant que tu ne t'en ailles." The "Reminiscence pour Piano" is a slight, but delicate thing constructed in mazurka form. The Trois Morceaux pour Piano, Op. 27, evince in a still more emphatic manner Akimenko's exotic bent. The first two numbers, "Caprices de la mer," and "Reverie au ord de la mer," have the effect of investing impressions of things with an almost tangible and separate unity and being, similar to the way in which children create living individualities for the inanimate objects of their environment, or savages give exaggerated human attributes to elements, animals, and the phenomena of the vegetable and mineral world. The last number, "Marionette," while more concrete in association, preserves, and gives a fresh turn to, the composer's fantastic and exotic imaginative feeling. This "Marionette" is no mere grotesque doll it embodies the essence of the composer's emotions, his human qualities and sympathies, and his dreams as surely as the figures of the marionette-born Commedia dell' Arte, Arlecchino, Corviello, Pulcinella, Pimpinella, Brighella, and Giangurgolo, embodied the whimsical dreams and observations of their times. Nor is this "Marionette" as gauclie as they often were. It is more akin to the creatures of Callot's ballets and Carlo Gozzi's "Fiabesque" drama, those delicate figures of a world of decorative dreams, of Stag-Kings, Singing Apples, Talking Statues, and Serpent Women. Like "Turandot," "Zoneide," "The Blue Monster," and "The Little Fair Green Bird," it owes its existence to a craving for beauty which goes beyond attainable actuality. And like them also, its whimsicality contains elements of pathos; it creates a smile in which there is more than a hint of tears. In the pieces composing the suite Au Coin du Peu, Op. 28 (Berceuse, Rêverie, Petite Valse), the same element of pity is present, though the decorative medium is dispensed with. The mood is still remote and subtle, but there is a human intimacy in the music which, perhaps more than the majority of Akimenko's work, gives it an immediate appeal. The Deux Esquisses, Op. 33 ("Fleurs féeriques," "Dentelles"), are direct imports from the Fiabesque world; exotic, imaginative growths of the same family as the Singing Apple of Gozzi; sprinkled with the imaginative, musical fluid of dancing water. And like the fruit in " The Love of the Three Oranges " they have a human tenderness and emotional appeal. All the naive whimsicality of Akimenko's temperament runs free in the two happy little pieces, " Cache-Cache" and "Colin Maillard," which the composer places together under the title Jeux, Op. 34. They convey an atmosphere of perpetual freshness, a spirit as spontaneously joyous as that of children playing the games from which they take their names. The Trois Danses Idylliques, Op. 35, are pastoral impressions from a world of beautiful myths, a world peopled by graceful and marvellous creatures of the imagination, but as palpably born of human impulse and emotion as were the sensuous, passionate nymphs, fauns, and satyrs of Ancient Greece. In the Récits d'une âme rêveuse, Op. 39, Akimenko is definitely introspective; the music emanates purely from personal meditations and associations. Hence their fantastic character always has a direct connexion with reality, no matter how bizarre it may be in itself. For logic is but an instrument, not an informative thing in itself. Too often it results in the production of mere empty concepts, which the development and complication of human psychology eventually render meaningless, false, and void. On the other hand, a keen sensibility, unfettered by the accepted reason of things, may become conscious of a thousand elusive analogies the appreciation of which will lead to a recognition of many psychological influences and relationships which would otherwise remain hidden. In this way the work of artists such as Akimenko has a high human value. As Blake has said: "The world of imagination is the world of Eternity. . . . There exist in that eternal world the permanent realities. . . ." For the images of the imagination are of psychological birth; in them is the essence of human experience, emotional and intellectual. Material aspects change or disappear, but every impulse of the human race remains constant, though complicated and given new direction by each phase of evolution. To this works such as these intimate Récits d'une âme rêveuse owe a deep interest, apart from their intrinsic appeal and charm. The first two numbers, "Au bord du lac" and "Paysage rustique," are pure post-impressionism, translations of material appearances through the medium of the brain; their details, colors, and relationships are all determined by the associations of reflective thought. So with the fourth, fifth, and sixth numbers, "Le crépuscule," "Leprintemps," and "Sur l'eau," though in these latter a more immediate emotional response is felt. The seventh and eleventh numbers, " Echo du passé" and "La voix de la destinée," are slightly more abstract in their personal significance; for the moment the composer interprets life in symbolic terms. But the happy spontaneity of the earlier works reasserts itself in the eighth and tenth numbers, " Les vagues joyeuses" and "En jdein air." The ninth number, " Un pèlerin las," is curiously Oriental in its undercurrent of ennui. For all sensitive beings such as Akimenko, certain moments come when the beauty of thought superimposed upon actuality awakens a yearning for a tangible, but impossible, loveliness, so that ordinary things weary and disgust. Of this type is much of the work of writers such as Loti, Théophile Gautier, Beaudelaire, and Rimbaud. It is the white, monotonous light produced by too lavish colors of the artist's imaginative spectrum. But such moments do not occur frequently in Akimenko's work, and their effect is transitory. The final number of the suite, "Le jardin endormi," is full of quiet joy and peace. All the beauty of blended colors is in the music, but now expressed with a delicate spiritual tranquillity. The slumberous aspects of nature seem to have revealed new significances to the composer, as the face of a sleeper permits one to discern the traces of moods hidden by the restrained expression of his wakeful hours. In the Sept Etudes Techniques, Op. 40, the composer gives us nothing but color and design treated objectively, as though demonstrating the intrinsic value and charm of the beauty visualized in his dreams. In the Quatre Morceaux pour Piano à quatre mains, Op. 41 ("Sur les Alpes, au printemps," "Clair de lune sur les ruines du Forum Romanum," "Au jardin de Luxembourg; les enfants," "Sous les voûtes de Notre Dame"), the composer deals with tangible and comparatively familiar things. But the images which they evoke are purely mental. All that Akimenko gives to us is the product of the absolute empire of his own being. On the way to his Country of Dreams he passes many strange lands, and tells us in correspondingly exotic music of his impressions. He seldom leaves his Fairy Ship, no matter how many ##154 THE EGOIST October 1916 ports he lingers in; he views almost all of them through the colored, kaleidoscopic portholes of his emotions and thoughts. This dominant note of personal impressionism is accentuated in these four pieces by the harmonic values of the music, which depend more upon "quantities" than upon the ordinary m ode-relation ships. The Rêves étoiles, Op. 42, are things woven entirely of the composer's imagination; his dreams the "Clair de la lune" of the first, his consciousness the burning, restless " Saturn " of the second, his swift thoughts the " Etoiles filantes " of the fourth, and the spiritual beauty to which he yearns " L'étoile du berger" of the final, number. In the Pages de Poésie fantasque, Op. 43, Akimenko's passion for the exotic dominates throughout. His adventurous spirit has carried his explorations beyond the confines of any tangible things. To all these pieces ("Fantômes passagers," "Une âme plaintive," "Nuages dansants," "Paysage d'un monde inconnu," "Danse des séraphins," "Mirages fugitifs," "Dans une forêt sacrée," "Rêve d'une source," " Chanson des rayons de lune") the title of the fourth number equally applies. They are revelations of a world utterly unknown, and only to be visited in company with the composer, since his mind is the sole means of transport. It is a world crowded with the subtlest and most intense colors of dreams, the apotheosis of the exotic. Music and moods are alike elusive in shade and texture. All the emotions, all the thoughts, the delicate, rarefied harmonies, subtle melodic patterns, and ceaselessly shifting tonalities of these exquisite little pieces can be defined only as Victor Kinon defines Fernand Severin's poetry: "Tout y est en nuances, mystérieusement fuyantes et fondues." Nor is this delicacy in any way weak. Through all the strange, exotic images of this fluid, plastic music one feels the presence of an acute, ever-alert consciousness, an impulse which nothing can deter. It is the old passion for adventure, the desire to achieve, to experience, to attain. And since Akimenko's longing turns towards worlds physically unattainable, he attains them mentally. His work embodies the spirit which is in all alluring unknown things, the fascination of the distant places, of horizons, of hilltops, of the artificial paradises of all times. Through his music we are enabled to enter the Blessed Isles, the Land of the Ever-Living, the Country of the Danaan Folk. For the kingdom of Akimenko is the Land of Heart's Desire. Ruhleben, 1910 Leigh Henry PASSING PARIS CAPTAIN Z . . . author of! L'Armée de la Guerre (Payot, Paris and Lausanne, 3 fr. 50) is a semi-disguise chosen by a writer who has been occasionally quoted here in his prose as in his verse, and whose military rank does not allow him to publicly attach his name to criticisms of the army or indiscretions relating to the conduct of the war. He has taken part in it since its outbreak, and his experiences and observations from the rank of simple and, moreover, volunteer soldier to his present promotion supply the material of this most interesting book. It is not, as the title suggests, a book on the war, but on the French army of 1914-1916, and as such it is as interesting to the foreign as to the French reader. Both will glean much information from it, some may profit by it. The chapter-headings show the nature of the book: "The Soldiers," "The Officers," "The Command," "How the Officers' Corps is Renewed," "The Waste of Competences," "Communications between Fighting Forces and the Staff," "The Heroism of our Soldiers," "The Heroes' Leaders," "The Good Temper of the French Soldier," " Trench Lessons," " Trench Slang," "What I want for my Men," "Picked Men," "The Chasseurs," "The Army Cyclists," "The Marsouins," "The African Troops," "The French Volunteers," "The Foreign Volunteers," "The Veterans," "The Youngsters," "The Motorists," "Special Groups," "Red Tape," "Courts Martial," "How long the War will Last," and so on. Captain Z . . . has taken into consideration the wheels within wheels of the French army in so far as he has seen them and as they may interest the general reader. The army is a kind of huge factory, as he says, in which each one, and not only the actual fighter, is a soldier, generally a useful one, often a meritorious one, and occasionally even a very courageous one. Among the chapters that most appeal to a foreign reader is the one on the manner in which the officers are recruited: "To fill the gaps in the officers' ranks the Government has often had to take rapid decisions, for French officers do not calculate their sacrifices, and keep their men together by examples of courage and the noblest virtues. All the cadets of the military schools, Saint Cyr, Polytechnique, Saint Maixent, Fontainebleau were, at the beginning of the war, at once appointed to lieutenancies. . . . Then all the admissible candidates, or those who had passed the entrance examinations without having taken the courses, were promoted to be officers or 'aspirants.' The contingent supplied by this last class has not been completely satisfactory: the promoted were sometimes far too youthful for the responsibility of commanding sixty men and N.C.O.'s under fire, some of whom had already seen the whole campaign and possessed a practical experience lacked by these juveniles. "So it was decided to train more completely these young men who by their social position and intellectual capacities seemed indicated for officers' rank, and during this period they are given the title of 'aspirant,' an intermediary rank between sergeant-major and adjutant. They are only definitely appointed officers after having shown courage and moral capacities equal to their general education. . . . "Other stop-gaps in the officers' ranks are furnished by reserve N.C.O.'s who have seen two or three years of service, excellent men, small tradesmen, bank clerks, factory overseers, etc., who had learnt to command half a section and knew the rules of infantry tactics. Some of these have shown energy, prudence and tenacity under fire: they first became chefs de section by the promotion to adjudant, or adjudant chef, then to under-lieutenant. "These officers only acquire the style and smartness of the professional officer by degrees. Few spend much on their uniforms or in eau-de-Cologne. But they have not their superiors in allowing themselves to be killed without budging at the commanding station which has been assigned to them by the commander of the company. They are the small bourgeois of France who represent the country's average: they find the war a nuisance, but since it can't be helped they will pursue it to the best of their ability." Information such as this is given in excellent journalistic style, the criticism is that of a man who fears no one, while the themes that have been beaten to death, such as the soldiers' heroism and trench slang, just make a little curtain appearance to "amuse" the rest. But this question of soldiers' argot having been studiously discussed in a London periodical, I will quote Captain Z . . .'s opinion of it: "The argot the civilian imagines he is copying from the soldiers is not properly a soldiers' peculiar idiom. As a rule the soldiers, who are grouped according to their origin, speak in the dialect of their province: Breton, Provençal, patois, as the case may ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 155 be. Often they use the slang of their crafts and trades. The so-called trench-argot is, generally, the slang of the Paris gutter introduced into the army by the gutter-child himself or by those who have the carelessness to imitate him. Not all soldiers are gutter-children, and a very large proportion never use it. As a rule it is the coarsest slang of the coarsest element in the population of Paris. If the people who so glibly pronounce them realized the actual meaning of the words they use when they think they talk 'soldier' they would be struck dumb, and sedate scholars would certainly demur from discussing them in cold English print, while the publication of dictionaries of argot would become impossible were they correct. Besides, many soldiers are disgusted by the intrusion into their private life of a form of slang which reminds them of the hardest and bitterest days of their life, and in which, when my lady uses it, she imitates not only soldiers but also, the souteneur, the fish-wife, and the dustman." M. Jacques-Emile Blanche, the painter, discourses of England in La Vie. He writes in the spirit of a true and understanding friend. I have a taste for this metaphor: "L'Anglais a la propreté physique, il semble lavé et poli comme les galets de sa côte d'argent, il sent l'embrun du large." ("The Englishman is clean, morally and physically, washed and polished like the shingle of his silvern shores, and he savours of the brine.") And it is good, in view of certain foreign misunderstandings, he should read the application of their sense of equality in a national tendency too easily classed under "snobber": "their way of conceiving equality," writes M. Blanche, "consists, instead of jealously rejecting the superior, in the emulation, according to individual possibilities and resources, of the life and manners of those whose life and manners have beauty." * * * * In the Mercure de France, M. X. -Marcel Boulestin reveals that natural inclination for the English which, after drawing him to their manner of living before the war, has induced him to participate, apparently in an ambulance formation in the British lines, in their manner of dying. I must here confess to a partiality, dating from before the war, to such French as have a genuine liking for the English, and for such English as have similar sentiments not only for France—they are common—but for the French, which is balanced by suspicion in connexion with those who do not entertain these enthusiasms, a partiality based on the theory that dislike from an Englishman for the French is due to fundamental stupidity, and from a Frenchman towards the English on fundamental vulgarity. There is always something good in an Anglophile; while the Anglophobe, whatever his merits otherwise, should be kept at a certain distance, not for his excusable aversion (à chacun ses gouts), but for the nature of his temper, temperament, and mind which had favoured this aversion. Muriel Ciolkowska Peasant Pottery Shop 41 Devonshire Street, Theobald's Road, W.C. (Close to Southampton Row) Interesting British and Continental: Peasant Pottery on sale Brightly coloured plaited felt Rugs. TARR By Wyndham Lewis PAET IV A JEST TOO DEEP FOR LAUGHTER CHAPTER V KREISLER, on his side, had been only a few paces from his door when he caught sight of Bertha. As his changed route would necessitate a good deal of tiresome circling to bring him back practically to the spot he had started from, he right-about-faced in a minute or two, the danger past, as he thought. The result was that, as she left the shop, there was Kreisler approaching again, almost in the same place as before. She was greeted affably, as though to say "Caught! both of us!" He was under the impression, however, that she had lain in wait for him. He was so accustomed to think of her in that character! If she had been in full flight he would have imagined that she was only decoying him. She was a woman who could not help adhering. "How do you do? I've just been buying my lunch." "So late?" "I thought you'd left Paris!" She had no information of this sort, but was inclined to rebuke him for not leaving Paris. "I? Who told you that, I should like to know. I shall never leave Paris; at least—" There was heavy enigmatic meaning in this, said lightly. It did not escape her, sensible to such nuances. " How are our fair friends? " he asked. "Our? Oh, Fräulein Lipmann and— Oh, I haven't seen them since the other night." Indeed! Not since the other night—?" She made her silence swarm with significant meanings, like a glassy shoal with innumerable fish: her eyes even, stared and darted about, glassily. It was very difficult, now she had stopped, to get away. The part she had more or less played with her friends, of his champion, had imposed itself on her. She could not leave her protégé without something further said. She was flattered, too, at his showing no signs now of desire to escape. His more plainly brutal instincts woke readily in these vague days. Various appetites had been asserting themselves. So the fact that she was a pretty girl did its work on a rather recalcitrant subject. He felt so modest now, ideals things of the past. Surely for a quiet ordinary existence pleasant little distinctions were suitable? Without any anxiety about it, he began to talk to Bertha with the idea of a subsequent meeting. He had wished to avoid her because she had embodied for him the evening of the dance, and appeared to him in its disquieting colours. What he sought unconsciously now was a certain quietude, enlivened by healthy appetites. He had disconnected her with his great Night. "I Was cracked the other night. I'm not often in that state," he said. Bertha's innuendoes had to be recognized. "I'm glad of that," she answered. As to Bertha, to have been kissed and those things, under however eccentric circumstances, gave a man certain rights on your interest. "I'm afraid I was rather rude to Fräulein Lipmann before leaving. Did she tell you about it?" "I think you were rude to everybody!" "Ah, well—" "I must be going. My lunch—" "Oh, I'm so sorry! Have I kept you from your ##156 THE EGOIST October 1916 lunch? I wonder if you would procure me the extreme pleasure of seeing you again?" Bertha looked at him in doubtful astonishment, taking in this sensational request. See Kreisler again! The result as regards the Lipmann circle! But this pleaded for Kreisler. It would be carrying out her story. It would be insisting on it, and destroying that subtle advantage, now possessed by her friends, in presenting them with somewhat the same uncompromising spectacle again. In deliberately exposing herself to criticism she would be effacing, in some sense, the extreme involuntariness of the boulevard incident. He asked her simply if he might see her again. The least pretentious request. Would the refusal to do this simple thing be a concession to Lipmann and the rest? Did she want to at all? But it was in a jump of deliberate defiance or "carelessness" that she concluded: "Yes, of course, if you wish it." "You never go to cafés? Perhaps some day—" "Good! Very well!" she answered very quickly, in her trenchant tone, imparting all sorts of particular unnecessary meanings to this simple acceptance. She had answered as men accept a bet or the Bretons clinch a bargain in the fist. Kreisler was still leisurely. He appeared to regard her vehemence with amusement. "I should like then to go with you to the Café de l'Observatoire to-morrow evening. I hope I shall be able to efface the rather unusual impression I must have made on you the other night!" (The tone of this remark did not ignore or condemn, however, the kisses.) "When can I meet you?" "Will you come and fetch me at my house?" But shivers went down her back as she said it. She was now thoroughly committed to this new step. She was delighted, or rather excited, at each new further phase of it. Its horrors were scores off her friends. These details of meeting!—these had not been reckoned on. Of course they would have to meet. Kreisler seemed like a physician conducting a little unpleasant operation in a genial, ironical, unhurrying way. "Well, it's understood. We shall see each other to-morrow," he said. And with a smile of half raillery at her rather upset expression, he left her. So much fuss about a little thing, such obstinacy in doing it! What was the terrible thing? Meeting him! His smiling was only natural. She showed without disguise in her face the hazardous quality, as she considered it, of this consent. She would wish him to feel the largeness of the motive that prompted her, and for him to participate too in the certain horror of meeting himself! CHAPTER VI Back in her rooms, she examined, over her lunch, with stupefaction, the things she had been doing— conversations, appointments, complementary sensations, and all the rest, as she might have sat down before some distinctly expensive, troubling purchase that she had not dreamt of making an hour before. "What a strange proceeding!"—as it might have been—" what sudden disease in my taste made me buy that!" Had she been enveloped, in a way, by that idle Teutonieally smiling manner of his? But at the bottom of her (for her) dramatic consent was the instantaneous image of Fräulein Lipmann and Company's disapprobation. The carrying out and so substantiating her story, that notion turned the scale. Kreisler's easy manner (he was unmistakably "a gentleman!") contrasted with her friend's indignant palaver gave him the advantage. He cannot, cannot have behaved so outrageously as they pretended! These activities as well distracted her from brooding over Sorbert's going. Of Kreisler she thought very little. Her women friends held the centre of the stage. In her thoughts they stared at her supersession: Tarr to Kreisler. From bad to worse, for her friends. There was a strange continuity in her troubled friendship with these women. Always (only more so) at the same point, stretching the cord. So this was the key to her programme; a person has made some slip in grammar, say. He makes it again deliberately, so that his first involuntary speech may appear deliberate. She began her customary pottering about in her rooms. Fräulein Elsa Kinderbach, one of the Dresden sisters already spoken of, interrupted her. At the knock she thought of Tarr and Kreisler simultaneously, and welded in one. "Isn't it hot? It's simply broiling out. I left the studio quite early." Fräulein Kinderbach sat down, giving her hat a toss and squinting up at it. The most evident thing about these sisters was dirt, anaemia, and a sort of soiled, insignificant handsomeness. They explained themselves, roughly, by describing in a cold-blooded lazy way their life at home. A stepmother, prodigiously smart, well-to-do, neglecting them; sent first to one place then another (now Paris) to be out of the way. Yet the stepmother supplies them superfluously from her superfluity.— They talked about themselves with a consciously dramatic matter-of-factness, as twin parcels, usually on the way from one place to another, expensively posted here and there, without real destination. They enjoyed nothing at all; painted well (according to Juan Soler); had a sort of wild uncontrollable attachment for the Lipmann. "Oh! Bertha, I didn't know your dear 'Sorbert' was going to England." "Deiner Sorbet" was the bantering formula for Tarr. Bertha was perpetually talking about him, to them, to the charwoman, to the greengrocer opposite, to everybody she met. Tarr did not quite bask in this notoriety. "Didn't you u? Ohf yes; he's gone." "You've not quarrelled—with your Sorbert? " "What's that to do with you, my dear? " Bertha gave a brief, indecent laugh she sometimes had. " By the way, I've just seen Herr Kreisler. We've arranged to go out somewhere to-morrow." "Go out —Kreisler! Liebes kind!—What on earth possessed you—!—Herr—Kreisler!" "What's the matter with Herr Kreisler? You were all friendly enough with him a week ago." Elsa looked at her with the cold-blooded scrutiny of the precocious urchin. "But he's a vicious brute. Besides, there are other reasons for avoiding Herr Kreisler. You know the reason of his behaviour the other night? It was, it appears, because Anastasya Vasek snubbed him. He was nearly the same when the Fogs wouldn't take an interest in him. He can't leave women alone. He follows them about and annoys them, and then becomes—well, as you saw him the other night— when he's shaken off. He is impossible. He is not a person who can be accepted by anybody." "Where did you hear all that! I don't think that Fräulein Vasek's story is true. I am certain—" "Well, he once was like that with me. He began hanging round, and— You know the story of his engagement!" "What engagement?" "He was engaged to a girl and she married his father instead of marrying him." Bertha struggled a moment, a little baffled. "Well, what is there in that? I've known several cases—" " Yes. That by itself—" Elsa Kinderbach was quite undisturbed. Her ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 157 information had been coldly given. She had argued sweepingly, as though talking to a child, and following some reasonable resolve formed during her earlier silent scrutiny.— In a few moments Bertha returned to the charge. "Did Fräulein Vasek give that particular explanation of Herr Kreisler's behaviour?" "No. We put two and two together. She did say something—yes, she did as a matter of fact say that she thought she had been the cause of Kreisler's behaviour." "How funny! I can't stand that girl; she's so unnatural, she's such a poseuse. Don't you think, Elsa!—What a funny thing to say? You can depend on it that that, anyhow, is not the explanation." "Sorbert has a rival perhaps?" This remark was met in staring silence. It was a mixing of elements, an unnecessary bringing in of something as inapropos, as unmanageable, that deserved only no words at all. She did not wish to concede the light tone required. Elsa had admitted that Fräulein Vasek was responsible for the statement, "I was the cause of Kreisler's behaviour," etc. That was one of those things (there being no evidence to confirm or even suggest it) which at once puts a woman on a peculiar pinnacle of bad taste, incomprehensibleness, and horridness. Bertha's personal estimation of Kreisler received a complex fillip. This ridiculous version—coming after her version—was a rival version, believed in by her friends. Bertha took some minutes to digest Elsa's news. She flushed. The more she thought of this rival version of Fräulein Vasek's, the more reprehensible it appeared. It was a startlingly novel and uncompromising version, giving proof of a perfect immodesty. It charged hers full tilt. This version of hers had been the great asset of existence for three days. Some one had coolly set up shop next door, to sell an article in which she, and she alone, had specialized. Here was an unexpected, gratuitous, new inventor of versions coming along. And what a version to begin with! Bertha's version had been a vital matter, Fraulein Vasek's evidently was a matter of vanity. The contempt of the workman, sweating for a living, for the amateur possessed her. But there was a graver aspect to the version of this poaching Venus. In discrediting Bertha's suggested account of how things happened, it attacked indirectly her action, proceeding, ostensibly, from these notions. Her meeting Kreisler at present depended for its reasonableness and existence even on the "hunger" theory; or, if that should fail, something equally touching and primitive. Were she forced, as Elsa readily did, to accept the snub-by-Anastasya theory, with its tale of ridiculous reprisals, further dealings with Kreisler would show in a bare and ugly light. Her past conduct also would have its primitive slur renewed. Her defiance to Elsa had been delivered with great satisfaction. "I am meeting Herr Kreisler tomorrow!" The shine had soon been taken off that. All Bertha's past management of the boulevard scene had presupposed that she was working in an element destined to obscurity: malleable, therefore, to any extent. Anastasya had risen up calm, contradictory, a formidable and perplexing enemy, with her cursed version. The weak point in it was the rank immodesty of the form it took. Her obstinacy awoke. This new turn coming from the other camp solidified two or three degrees more, in a twinkling, her partisanship of Kreisler. She had a direct interest now in their meeting. She was curious to hear what he had to say as to his alleged attempt in Fräulein Vasek's direction. "Well, I'm going to Renée's now, to fetch her for dinner. Are you coming?" Elsa said, getting up. "No. I'm going to dine here to-night," and Bertha accompanied her to the door. CHAPTER VII People appear with a startling suddenness sometimes out of the fog of Time and Space. Bertha did not visualize Kreisler very readily. She was surprised when she saw him below her windows the next day. He stared up at the house with an eager speculation. He considered the house and studio opposite. Behind the curtains Bertha stood with emotions of an ambushed soldier. She felt on her face the blankness of the wall of the house, its silence and unresponsiveness. He appeared almost to be looking at her face, magnified and exposed.— Then it appeared to her that it was he, the enemy getting in. She wished to stop him there, before he came any further. In the processes of his uncertainty he was so innocuous and distant, for the moment. His first visit. There he was: so far, a stranger. Why should these little obstacles of strangeness— which gate to enter, which bell to ring—be taken away from this particular individual? He should remain "stranger" for her, where he came from. But he had burrowed his way through, was at the bell already, and would soon be at herself. She found here, in her room, was very different from she found outside, in restaurant or street. The clothing of this décor was a nakedness. She struggled for a moment up from the obstinate dream, made of artificial but tenacious sentiments, shaped by contretemps of all sorts that had been accumulating like a snowball ever since her last interview with Tarr. Still somewhat wrapt in this interview she rolled in its nightmarish, continually metamorphosed, substance through space. Where would it land her, this electric, directionless, vital affair? This invasion of Indifference and Difference had floated her, successfully, away in some direction. The bell rang again. She could see him, almost, through the wall, standing phlegmatic and erect. They had not spoken yet. But they had been some minutes "in touch." Perhaps he was mad! Elsa, cold, matter-of-fact, but with warnings for lier, came into her mind. However much she resisted the facts, there was very little reason for this meeting. It was a now unnecessary, exploded, and objectless impulse, sapped by Anastasya. She was going through with something from laziness and obstinacy mixed, that no longer meant anything. Already dressed, she walked to the door as the bell rang a third time. Kreisler was serious and a little haggard; different from the day before. He had expected to be asked in. Instead, hardly saying anything, she came out on the narrow landing and closed the door behind her. Surprised, he felt for the first stair. It was eight in the evening, very dark on the staircase, and he stumbled several times. Bertha felt she could not say a single word to him. It was just as though some lawyer's clerk had come to fetch her for a tragic disagreeable interview, and she, having been sitting fully dressed for unnecessary hours in advance, were now urging him silently and violently before her, following. That afternoon she had received a second letter from Sorbert. "My dear Bertha.— Excuse me for the blague I wrote the other day. There is nothing to be gained in conforming to our old convention of vagueness. I think we had better say, finally, that we will try and get used to not seeing each other, and give up our idea of marriage. Do you agree with me? As you ##158 THE EGOIST October 1916 will see, I am still here, in Paris. I am going to England this afternoon. "Yours ever, "Sorbert." On the receipt of this letter—as on the former occasion a little—she first of all behaved as she would have done had Sorbert been there. She acted silent resignation and going about her work as usual for the benefit of the letter, as though it had been a living person. The reply to this, written an hour or so before Kreisler arrived, had been an exaggerated acquiescence. "Of course, Sorbert: far better that we should part!" But soon this letter began to worry her and threaten her mannerisms. She was just going to take up a book and read, when, as though something had called her attention, she put it down, got up, her head turned over her shoulder, and then suddenly flung herself on the sofa as though it had been rocks and she plunging on them from a high cliff. She sobbed until she had tired herself out. So Kreisler and she walked up the street as though compelled by some very strange circumstances only to be in each other's company. He appeared depressed, and to have come also under the spell of some sort of meaningless duty. His punctuality suggested, too, fatigued and senseless waiting, careful timing. His temporary destination reached, he delivered himself up indifferently into her hands. He said something about its being hot. They said hardly anything, but walked on away from her house. They showed no pudeur about this peculiar state of mind and their manners. Before they got to the Café de l'Observatoire Kreisler was attempting to make up for his lapse into strangeness, discovering, however, in a little, that he had not been alone. Bertha looked at the clock inside as they took up their place on the quieter terrasse. When she asked herself how long she would stop she was astonished. "Who is that, then?" Kreisler asked, after some moments of gradually changing silence, when Anastasya began to be mentioned by Bertha. He showed no interest. This meeting had been the only event of the day for him. He had looked forward to it a little at first. But as it approached he got fidgety, began counting the time, and from being a blessed something, it became a burden. The responsibility of this meeting even seemed too much for him. He began to ask himself what useless errand he was on now? The effort of this simple affair worked lamentably on his nerves. He would not have gone, only the appointment being made and fixed in his mind, and he having felt it in the distance all day, he knew it would irk him more if he did not go. He was compelled, in short, to go, to have done with it. The worrying obsession of not having done it intimidated him. In the empty evening he would have been at the mercy of this thing-not-done, like an itch. Bertha, for her part, recovered. Kreisler's complete abstraction and indifference were soothing. He seemed to know as little why he was there as she, or less, and be only waiting for her to disappear again. No slight was implied. Her vanity stirred a little. She perhaps came through this to bring Fräulein Vasek on the boards as she had originally intended. As to there being anything compromising in this meeting, that might be disposed of. He did not look like suggesting another.— His manner on the day before would not have warranted complete calm. And Elsa's description of his conduct with women had stuck in her mind. As the hour of meeting approached it helped her uneasiness. But now she felt refreshingly relieved. This was the man wiio had caused her fresh misgivings! When a dog or cow has passed a trembling child without any signs of mischief, it sometimes is inclined to step after it and put forth a caressing hand. By his manner and its reflection on her feelings he had created a situation not unlike that of the dance night. There they sat, she pressing a little, he politely apathetic. It seemed for all the world as though Bertha had run after him somewhere and forced a meeting on him, to which he had grudgingly come. She was back in what would always be for him her characteristic rôle. And so now—and again later continually—she appeared to be following him up, to the discomfort of both, for some unguessable reason. "No, I don't know who you mean," he said, replying to descriptions of Anastasya. " A tall girl you say 1 No, I can't bring to mind—" He liked fingering over listlessly the thought of Anastasya, but as a stranger. This subject gave him a little more interest in Bertha, just as, for her, it had a similar effect in his favour. She was immediately convinced that Fräulein Vasek had been guilty of the most offensive, self-complacent mistake. Kreisler had not energy enough left to continue his pursuit of his bespangled dream. Bertha now had achieved a simplification of the whole matter as follows: Anastasya, a beautiful and swankily original girl, had arrived, bespangled and beposed, on the scene of her (Bertha's) simple little life. She had discovered her kissing and being kissed by a ridiculous individual in the middle of the street. Bertha had disengaged herself rapidly, and explained that she had been doing that because he had awoken her pity by his miserable and half-starved appearance; that, even then, he had assaulted her, and she had been found in that delicate situation entirely independent of her own will. Anastasya's lip had curled, and she had received these explanations in silence. Then, at their nervous repetition, she had said negligently: "You were no doubt being hugged by Herr Kreisler in the middle of the pavement, the motives the ordinary ones. You might have waited till— But that's your own business. On the other hand, the reason of his eccentric appearance this evening was this. He had the incredible impudence to wish to make up to me. I sent him about his business, and he 'manifested' in the way you know." Reducing all the confused material of this affair to such essential situation, Bertha saw clearly the essence of her action. Definite withdrawal from the circle of her friends was now essential. It was accomplished with as much style as possible. Kreisler provided the style. Her instinct now was to wallow still more in the unbecoming situation in which she had been found, with defiance. She wanted to be seen with Kreisler. The meanness, strangeness, and certain déchéance or come-down, in consorting with this sorry bird, must be heightened into poetry and thick and luscious fiction. They had driven her to this. They were driving her! Very well. She was lasse! She wTould satisfy them. She would satisfy Sorbert. It was what he wanted, was it not? Kreisler, of course, was the central, irreducible element in this mental pie. He was the egg-cup that kept up the crust. She tried to interest herself in Kreisler and satisfy Tarr, her friends, the whole world, more thoroughly. (To be continued) NOTICE TO AMERICAN READERS After this number, copies of The Egoist destined for the United States and other neutral countries will be dispatched only every two months while the war lasts. ##October 1916 THE EGOIST 159 DREISER PROTEST AMERICA, the land of the free and the home of the non-interventionists, is having another fit of illustrative Americanism. As a result, I receive the following communication: A PROTEST "We, the undersigned, American writers, observe with deep regret the efforts now being made to destroy the work of Theodore Dreiser. Some of us may differ from Mr. Dreiser in our aims and methods, and some of us may be out of sympathy with his point of view, but we believe that an attack by irresponsible and arbitrary persons upon the writings of an author of such manifest sincerity and such high accomplishments must inevitably do great damage to the freedom of letters in the United States, and bring down upon the American people the ridicule and contempt of other nations. The method of the attack, with its attempt to ferret out blasphemy and indecency where they are not, and to condemn a serious artist under a law aimed at common rogues, is unjust and absurd. We join in this public protest against the proceedings in the belief that the art of letters, as carried on by men of serious purpose and with the co-operation of reputable publishers, should be free from interference by persons who, by their own statement, judge all books by narrow and impossible standards; and we advocate such amendments of the existing laws as will prevent such persecutions in future." Dear reader, lest you be one born outside the sacred limits of "The States," and therefore unable to understand the foregoing document, let me explain that the land of Abraham Lincoln, the country that freed the negro some years after other countries had given up slavery, has taken to the suppression of serious letters. No one acquainted with my native land will be surprised. Billy Sunday and Billie Ellis have been booming dark superstition, people have been starting magazines to advocate "Americanism in literature." And as a corollary they have suppressed poor old Dreiser, who is, perhaps, the most serious and most solemn of contemporary American prosists. We believe he has been writing with a purpose, namely, the amelioration of human misery, but as the amelioration of human misery is unchristian, and as America, and particularly Mr. Comstock's friends, are so very Christian, this has naturally given rise to some friction. Mr. Dreiser, contrary to the custom of serious American writers, has not yet left that country. Ultimately he will leave it. In the meantime such American writers as have not received this "Protest" by post may as well cut out this page of The Egoist, sign it in the blank space beneath the " Protest," and forward the same to Mr. Hersey. I have received the "Protest" just as the October number of The Egoist is going to press. There is little time to add further comment. The general loucheness and crapularity of the New York Sunday-school grafters is made rather more manifest by their attack upon Dreiser, beyond that it is about what might be expected by any careful student of American life. America has ceased to matter and there is no particular use in elaborating the expression of one's disgust with her farcical attempts at what the organized Comstockian's call "morality." The place is the sort of sink where a Comstock is possible, where a worse than Comstock succedes to a dead Anthony. It is the business of the people who have to live in the country to decide whether the sinkiness is to remain and thicken, or whether the country is to retain any vestige of personal freedom. There are few signs that personal freedom, or the freedom of the Press, or of the arts, will survive West of the Atlantic. Let those who will shed their tears. If the American people is the sort of people which likes to have Dreisers suppressed, that is all there is to be said. Our conclusion must be that that is the sort of people they are. It is not a nice sort of people. If they cannot maintain the freedom of Dreiser they will be adjudged a nation of cowards, of very indolent cowards, of very "tacky" and cranky cowards; they will, as the protest indicates, receive the contempt of the civilized world, but they will not receive what the protest entitles, the "ridicule" of the world. The joke is already too stale. Ezra Pound [We take no responsibility for the expression of the above personal views of Mr. Pound concerning America, but are glad to publish the "Protest" and hope that many signatures will be sent in to Mr. Hersey.— Editor.] POEMS TEDIUM VITAE SODDEN yellow leaves Drift all about the town I slink under the eaves And smirk like a foolish clown. I am deep-soaked in dolour I rejoice in the fall of the leaf These murky roads of squalor Pander to my grief. Gur-r-r, you'll see me jut out my tongue With a swollen purple grin when I'm hung To the lamp with my neckerchief. SLAIN ROSES Pale roses From the green brier scattered Your moist young petals are flung Broken in creamy snow among The undergrowth. I see you torn and slain, Dashed from the flexible stems By the silver diagonal rain. Your perturbing dim odour floats by Returns and vanishes Lingers, advances again, Then surrounds me, almost— Hesitating and doubtful— Like a chaste Shy ghost. Ernest Marriott 160 THE EGOIST October 1916 The Little Review LITERATURE, DRAMA, MUSIC, ART MARGARET C. ANDERSON, Editor The new monthly that has been called " the most unique journal in existence." THE LITTLE REVIEW is a magazine that believes in Life for Art's sake, in the Individual rather than in Incomplete People, in an Age of Imagination rather than of Reasonableness; a magazine interested in Past, Present, and Future, but particularly in the New Hellenism; a magazine written for Intelligent People who can Feel, whose philosophy is Applied Anarchism, whose policy is a Will to Splendour of Life, and whose function is—to express itself. One Year, U.S.A., $1.50; Canada, $1.65; Great Britain, 7/- THE LITTLE REVIEW 917 Fine Arts Building, Chicago, U.S.A. Enclosed find Seven Shillings for one year's subscription, beginning.................. Name.................................. Address................................ THE DRAMA FOR MAY OFFERS TWO PLAYS BY REMY DE GOURMONT whose dramatic work has never been accessible in English. The translation has been made by the Imagist poet, RICHARD ALDINGTON who contributes also a skilful critique of de Gourmont's work. The plays are printed by an authorization given a few weeks before the playwright's death. Alexander Bakshy, a Russian Art and Dramatic Critic, writes on "THE CINEMATOGRAPH AS ART" Mr. Charles Lemmi contributes a brilliant discussion of " THE ITALIAN STAGE OF TO-DAY " an attempt to analyse and explain the forces in the present-day Italian theatre. The Hull House Players, an organization of more * than local fame, is the subject of a brief history by the founder and director, Laura Dainty Pelham. Many other articles on the current problems of the drama, reviews, and bibliographies complete the number. THE DRAMA QUARTERLY 736 Marquette Building, CHICAGO THREE DOLLARS PER YEAR TWO DOLLARS PER YEAR TO MEMBERS OF THE DRAMA LEAGUE OF AMERICA SEVENTY-FIVE CENTS PER COPY A Really Different Magazine THE PHOENIX MICHAEL MONAHAN, Editor Atlanta Constitution: The Phoenix is Literature. The Argonaut: All discerning people read The Phoenix. New York Evening Post: Very much alive, witty, and frequently very Irish. Troy Times: Covers the field of literature and life with conjoined frankness and keenness that are captivating. Subscription - - - One Dollar a Year To Canada and Foreign Countries - - $1.25 SOUTH NORWALK - - CONN. U.S.A. POÈMES Par ANDRÉ SPIRE Author of "Versets," "Vers les Routes Absurdes," etc. A little book of unpublished poems written just before and during the war. M. Spire has been in Nancy, near the firing-line, since August 1914 PUBLISHED BY THE EGOIST PRICE 6d NET POSTAGE Id POETS' TRANSLATION SERIES 1. (Ready) The complete poems (25) of Anyte of Tegea, now brought together in English for the first time: translated by Richard Aldington. (8 pages) 2d. net (3d. post free). 2. (Ready) An entirely new version of the poems and new fragments, together with the more important of the old fragments, of Sappho: translated by Edward Storer. (12 pages) 4d. net (5d. post free). 3. (Ready) Choruses from the " Iphigenia in Aulis " of Euripides: translated by H. D. 6d. net (7d. post free). 4. (Ready) A choice of the Latin poetry of the Italian Renaissance, many now translated for the first time, by Richard Aldington. 4d. net (5d. post free). 5. (Ready) The Poems of Leonidas of Tarentum, now collected —and many translated for the first time in English—by James Whitall. 6d. net (7d. post free). 6. (Ready) The "Mosella " of Ausonius, translated by F. S. Flint. 6d. net (7d. post free). All the pamphlets—except the first—are twelve to twenty-eight pages long and cost 4d. or 6d. net; 5d. or 7d. post free. The series of six 2s. net post free. To be obtained from: The Egoist, Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, W.C. The Second Series is unavoidably postponed. EDITORIAL Letters, etc., intended for the Editor of The Egoist should be addressed to Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C. TERMS OF SUBSCRIPTION. Yearly, 6/6; U.S.A. $1.60. Six months, 3/3; U.S.A. $ .80. Three months, 1/9; U.S.A. $ .40. Single copies 7d., post free to all countries. Cheques, postal and money orders, etc., should be payable to The New Fkeewoman, Ltd., and crossed " Parr's Bank, Bloomsbury Branch." ADVERTISEMENT RATES. Per page £4. Quarter page £1 Is. Od. Per inch single column, 4s. Half rates after first insertion. All advertisements must be prepaid. Printed by The Complete Pbess, West Norwood, and published by the Proprietors, The New Fbxiwomab LfD. at Oakley House, Bloomsbury Street, London, W.C.##