118 The Fool even now--her husband would receive rather a crushing financial surprise that at the same time would give Roy a small fortune that would take them to a new land and a new life! . . . For over the last year, now, happi- ness of a sort had been hers--but a happiness that was tinged with an ach- ing, chafing regret that she might not in- dulge in it openly. Since that glorious night when Roy Trafford, at a house party up in the Berkshires, had told her that he loved her, she had waited for just this moment. From the very be- ginning, it seemed, they had both been strongly drawn toward the other. He had told her hotly, passionately, fierce- ly, that he wanted her and was going to have her--money being the only thing that stood in their way. The want of it, that is. He was struggling along down in Wall Street, making about enough to enable him to keep up his end and get along passably--but he had no capital or resources behind him, to speak of. She, though married to Jasper Walters, had no fortune in her own right. There- fore, they had but hoped and prayed that the time would come when Roy made a gigantic coup that would give them enough to sail for other lands and spend their days in heavenly idleness, always together. It had seemed more and more hopeless as each day went by --until Roy had learned what he had a scant week ago! Flushed, excited, jubilant, he had come to her and told her that if she could but discover the name of a cer- tain stock Jasper was intending to load he could make a veritable small fortune. He had gone into the thing fully, but it had all been so much Greek to her. It was something about Jasper doing it as a ruse in order to lower the price so that he himself might get more later at a much lower figure; but, if Roy bought it up, he could come in on the big price when the time came. Jasper, of course, would be clever enough to sell several different ones--and the point was to learn just which one was important. That, more or less, was all that she understood--all that she wanted to. Roy knew, and that was enough. One thing, however, stood out. Should Roy find out what he wanted, he intended putting in the few thousands he had scraped together, with what he could borrow, and coming out with enough for life for them. And at last--at last, thank God--she had learned! . . . Jasper, last night, had again indulged in a habit that had formerly been ex- ceedingly annoying--talking in his sleep. He had seemed restless most of the night, tossing about and mumbling in- coherently. At first, in anger, she had started to wake him--but then he had suddenly talked fairly clearly, apparent- ly speaking of the deal he intended exe- cuting on the morrow. It seemed that he was entirely engrossed with this stock he was going to unload--the F. L. &amp; W., whatever that meant--and had named it repeatedly. With tense body and held breath she had listened, joy madly surging through her as she ob- tained further and positive evidence that it was the name Roy wanted to know. F. L. &amp; W.--F. L. &amp; W.-- . . . How well she knew it! . . . There had been no sleep for her from then on. With wide eyes and pounding heart she had waited through the night, through the morning, through breakfast --and when Jasper had finally quit the house she rushed to the telephone in her boudoir and told Roy the glad news. At first he had seemed surprised that it was the F. L. &amp; W., but he had chuck- lingly remarked that "Walters was sure- ly a sly old fox" and had told her that this very day would see him successful and that before many days were over they would be steaming off to start in on their glorious life together! . . . 