When Father Forbids 75 with that twenty-five hundred. You think now that he can't do it--and I tell you that he can. At least, be a sport when it comes to a showdown." "I have yet to experience a time when I have gone back on my word," Collins snapped at her. "Let the young fool produce twenty-five hundred dollars, that he's made himself, within six months--and you'll find I'll make good --and then much happiness he'll bring you!" It was on the next afternoon, while Joyce was swinging lazily in the ham- mock on the porch, that Bertram Val- entine came suddenly upon her. "I saw you swinging there from the road," he said in what he imagined was an ingratiating way, "and I couldn't re- sist the temptation to stop the car and come in and see how you were." "Thank you, I'm quite all right," Joyce said with all the chill of which seventeen is capable. Joyce was perfectly well aware of how pretty she was, and she was in- tensely suspicious of this man since her row with her father during the dinner of the previous evening. As for Valentine, he merely liked to flirt with any pretty girl with whom he came in contact. "I wonder if you know how pretty you are?" blundered Valentine, little reckoning with the terrible wrath and the equally terrible rudeness of seven- teen. "Supposing I were to make personal remarks about you?" she flashed at him. "Who asked you to come and tell me what I look like?" Picking up his hat, Valentine strode angrily off the porch, and a moment la- ter his car could be heard as he started up the engine. As for Forbes Collins, in the next week he hardly spoke to his daughter, so angry was he at her behaviour, but this was not destined to last, for anger gave place in Collins's heart to a great fear. It was just over a week after his last quarrel with Joyce that Collins returned at his usual hour for dinner, and, when that meal was served, Joyce failed to put in an appearance. In moody silence Collins ate his dinner alone, but when ten o'clock came and no Joyce, Collins became a little alarmed. Determining that Joyce must be out somewhere with Willie, Collins rang up the Scotts' house to ask Willie's parents if they knew anything of his where- abouts. To Collins's surprise, it was Willie himself who answered the telephone, and Willie's voice was crammed full of frightened surprise when Mr. Collins asked him where Joyce was. "I saw her this afternoon--we went out for a little turn in her car," Willie admitted over the wire. "Are you sure she is not above the garage, Mr. Col- lins?" "No," replied Collins apprehensively, "I looked there before I rang you up," "I'm coming right round myself," Willie told him without waiting for his permission. A few minutes, and apparently en- tirely forgetting his late differences of opinion with Joyce's father, Willie stormed into the house. "This is all your fault," he exclaimed hotly. "Every bit your fault," he went on, seeing that Collins took a very humble attitude over it all. "You've been such a brute to her that she's run away! That's what she's done--and I don't blame her! If you don't love her, I do--and by jiminy I'm going to find her!" He prepared to dash from the house, but Collins, by now thoroughly fright- ened, stopped him with a gesture. "I don't understand it," the elder man mused aloud. "You would have 