The Last Job 101 'cause they're not going to get me again. Oh, no, and I'll show 'em that I've still got the slickest fingers in New York--or in the world--at getting to any safe ever made. Cheer up, girlie. Lord, I tell you the next haul I make will fix us for life. It'll be so big you'll gasp. I won't touch only the greatest. Cheer up--look merry!" He stood before her, arms akimbo, looking down at her with a smile on his face that somehow miraculously chased away those four hard years up the river. She did not answer his smile, and her blue eyes became very stern. "Jim," she said firmly, "I mean it! I want you to give it up. You know I never liked it; you know I've always longed for the farm we've spoken of --or that I've spoken of. Jim, I'd hoped and prayed that after this-- this thing--you'd change. I haven't had just fun while you were--away, Jim. It--it isn't fair to me if you keep at it!" She paused, just for an instant, and blinked away a single tear: "Yes, Jim," she continued, with the least choke, "I've hoped and prayed you'd give it all up and--and marry --and make a start--the way we've said we might--some day!" What Kitty termed his "fighting face" came to Jim Knowles. It grew older--as it had even before the lines had been there--and his eyes seemed to lose their brown and turn to grey --cold grey. He apparently talked through closed lips, tautened so that they were pale pink: "Listen, Kitty," he told her, in that too-even voice, "you know we've talked over most of that business before this --and not only once! You know what I think of that marriage game--bunk! That's not saying I don't love you; you know I do! All that's the matter with you is that your nerve is shaken, you can't help thinking they'll get me and send me up again. Now forget it! They're not going to! . . . But wait --wait. Maybe that farm and the other stuff will come through. But wait!" "I know, Jim," she faltered weakly, already beaten, "but--" Jim Knowles laughed, his eyes flash- ing with that reckless glint as he held out his arms: "Come here, Kitty, and don't be a fool. Hell--get out my dinner duds and rig yourself up. Let's go out and let me have the first real meal in years, with all the fixings. Tonight's the night, girlie, and we're going to cele- brate!" She came to his arms, readily enough and he stilled her lament with the hot, soul-searing kisses she loved. He re- leased her slowly, and held her off in front of him with a hand on either shoulder: "Kitty," he said, smiling, "there's one thing I was going to tell, but you didn't give me time. Maybe that dream about the farm and the rest of it will come true pretty soon. I've de- cided to do just one more job--and that's all. I mean it. I'll be careful, too, that it's a cinch. There--I'm promising!" And Kitty McAlister hummed over all the gay little tunes she knew as she dressed for dinner. ***** Kitty's spirits stayed at high-water mark for the next two months or so. Jim was continually in the light, youth- ful mood that made him seem like a boy, and it was not long before he looked his old self. He scarcely ever mentioned his "work," apparently fully enjoying to the limit the sheer living of life. They played gloriously --the theatre, restaurants, dancing--so much so that Kitty occasionally sighed as she looked at the rapidly decreasing bank figures. Still, she had her Jim 