Love in the Jungle 21 Goring bit his lip. It was against his every instinct to run away from danger; he wanted to stay and face the junglies even as Waler had done. His word had always borne weight with these people. He liked them-- they were a splendid, virile race until corrupted and tampered with. Now a Bengalee babu was urging them on to further mischief to gain his own ends. The girl! Goring was able to piece to- gether the entire story. He must take no chances in getting her to safety. If any thing were to happen to him in a fight in the heart of the jungle, what would become of Rhoda? Goring stood up abruptly. While it was raining the junglies would not move. The elephant must be loaded and they start at once; he gave his or- ders quickly--the girl must be gotten safely to Tashi before he returned to settle his accounts with the Santals. With wonderful rapidity the little camp dissolved about them and great loads were slung over the back of the elephant. The mahout ran nimbly up the trunk squatting in front of the dirty pad and the mighty beast plodded off, its little beady black eyes gleaming wickedly. "Miss Waler," Goring said, stoop- ing over Rhoda, "it is most regrettable but we have to move along. It will not be very far, though; we will cut across the river and get the train just beyond it. I am only concerned if you will be able to stand the trip," he regarded her anxiously, his shrewd brown eyes on her face. "I can go," she answered bravely. He helped her to her feet, wrapping his raincoat around her; she was quite lost in its bulky voluminousness. "You're a brave girl," he said admiring- ly as they went toward the door. "I'm a bit wobbly," she said, smiling up at him. His horse and the Bhutia she had ridden were waiting in the downpour of drenching rain. At sight of the pony Rhoda shrank back. "Oh, I can't ride," she said, "I ache so and I've never ridden before; I'd surely fall off this time." "I shall take you on my horse," he said, "I'll be very careful of you if you will only hold on to me good and tight." He lifted her into the saddle, springing on behind her and gathering her close into his arms. The rain beat down upon them with the force of many little blows; he pulled the raincoat over her and nestled her closer to him. "Are you comfortable?" he asked with a slight grin as they started off. "Very," she whispered feeling strangely, wondrously at peace. She was not afraid with him holding her; a sense almost of happiness stole over her as she caught glimpses of Goring, his khaki shirt soaked and clinging close to his splendid body, his face un- der his dripping tophee, stern and yet so kind. And the man feeling the gentle pres- sure of the girl against his breast, smiled as he thought of how he had wanted to carry her away with him on his horse and how his wish was being so strangely and miraculously fulfilled. VIII Torrents of muddy water tore by them, the nullahs seethed and over- flowed. Golu, the elephant, plodded heavily along, feeling his way cau- tiously with a great front pow where the rain had dislodged the banks or loosened some treacherous stone. Now and again he wrenched a branch out of his way, or uprooted a young tree to clear a path for himself. Goring's horse stumbled along under 