14 Love in the Jungle V A groan from her father's room brought the thought of him sharply and reproachfully to her mind. He was ill. She must go to him. The chill midnight damp seemed to creep into her bones as she went into his room. Lying on an iron cot under the punkah was her father; his eyes were closed but his lips were mumbling curses. Beside him stood a charpoy or native bed of rough wood and woven twine. In the dim light of an oil wall-lamp Rhoda saw only her father's drawn face, his twitching hands, his huddled limbs. She hurried to his side, bending tenderly over him, moved to love and overwhelming pity for him. She reached out and as her hand lay lightly on his forehead she was sharply aware of the jingle of bangles and a squatting native woman rose from the other side of the cot and faced Rhoda. She was still young and her black eyes glowed boldly in her dark face. A pink silk sari had half-fallen back from her oily, straight hair; a dozen silver rings rimmed the lobes of her ears, a heavy gold ornament hung on her breast, her arms were covered with bangles and her lips crimson with the smear of betel nut. For a moment Rhoda looked at her breathless, then the full, degrading sig- nificance of this woman's presence at her father's side broke upon her--this black and shameless creature standing in her dead mother's place. A cold rage possessed her--she pointed to the door with a trembling hand. "Go," she said in a low tone. The woman looked at her with sullen defiance but made no move to leave the room. "I told you to go," Rhoda repeated. Her voice or the touch of her hand roused the man on the bed. He opened his bloodshot eyes wearily, then the agony in his daughter's white and pit- eous face seemed to rouse him. He turned fiercely on the native woman. "Jao!" he cried hoarsely. "Jao!" and burst into a torrent of Hindustani curses. The woman slinked back a pace along the wall, her vicious, evil eyes fixed on the girl, her lips muttering threats. "Jao!" shouted Waler, sitting up in bed. His clenched fist raised, he struck out at the woman; she shrank cowering before the blow, then lifting her arms above her head gave a shrill, terrible cry and glided out of the room. Rhoda clung to the side of the cot, trembling. "I married her," Waler moaned, sink- ing back on the pillow, "God knows why, but a man goes mad out here alone. She's ruined me, dragged me down till my own kind shrink from me. It's what has kept me all these years down in this hole, shunted off on to a siding." He clutched the girl's hand, his ravaged, haggard face taking on a look of animal cunning. "Come closer," he whispered; "she's always spying and listening--I'm afraid of her. You don't know what these people are. God! Oh, God! She gives me hemp to keep me in her power; it steals away the brains--steals them away. But I can't get rid of her; it's terrible, isn't it, Rhoda?" he groaned, hiding his face in his shaking hands, then drew the girl still closer. "Be careful," he breathed; "watch your every move. Don't eat or drink anything the bawarchi himself does not bring you. She'll have it in for you now; she'll kill you if she can-- she's afraid you'll take me away from her. Thank God by tomorrow you'll be gone." "And you, father!" cried the girl, flinging herself on her knees beside him. "You are coming away, too. You're coming back home with me, away from 