Love in the Jungle 19 the coming day fell softly on the thin face from which all the harshness had vanished. "Dawn is here," thought Waler, "the junglies will be coming." He turned quickly on his heel to go back to the bungalow for his gun. A swish in the grass, the snap of a twig, the flash of a dark body from be- hind the wide trunk of a mawa tree, then the whir of a poisoned arrow speeding through the dawn pierced Wale; to the heart. "Damn," he snarled, falling heavily against the rickety gate as noiselessly through the thick jungle Gawan, the syce, his wrongs avenged, fled to lose himself among the hordes of advancing Santals. VII Rhoda Waler clung desperately on to the little Bhutia pony. She had never ridden before and the trail was rough and uncertain. Black spots began to dance before Rhoda's eyes--she felt a desperate de- sire to slip to the ground. A sinking faintness overcame her; half lying on the Bhutia's back she felt herself carried along. Pains shot down her neck and back, her forehead burned, her throat was parched and dry. Far ahead the noisy quarreling of thousands of ravens hovering like an inky cloud over the Peripadar with its dead cattle and scattered stores, roused the girl. Then she noticed that her pony had stopped in front of a large mud hut, the roof heavily thatched with dried rice grass, the tiny windows barred, iron bolts clanking on the door. A huge elephant chained to the trunk of a sal tree, swayed restlessly. "Dak bungalow hie, memsahib," the little Gurka said, saluting. Rhoda tried to climb to the ground. Everything swam before her, but she was sharply aware of the figure of a man in khaki hurrying toward her. She raised her heavy, smarting eyes, trying to call out his name; then she slid from the saddle to be caught in Goring's strong arms. "Miss Waler!" he cried, holding her tenderly as he carried her into the bungalow. It was bare inside except for Goring's camp furniture. He laid her on the canvas cot; she was limp and utterly exhausted and her small white face was pinched with pain. Goring raised her hand gently, pour- ing some water through her pale lips. It revived her a little; she looked up at him gratefully. "Father made me come," she said faintly, "he said 'it wasn't safe there.' Oh, it's all been horrible, horrible!" "Try not to remember any thing but that you're safe here with me," said Goring. Though he tried to speak cheerfully, his jaw was grim with anxiety; he looked down at the girl as she lay there, her eyes too big and too bright and the crimson of high fever staining her cheeks. Her frail loveli- ness stirred him to the depths of his be- ing. How sweet she was! His to guard and cherish for the hour at least. "My father is coming away with me," she began rapidly, "how hot it is--I am burning. How the sun glares and the bats beat against the screen. She is going to kill me--save me, save me!" She flung herself wildly into Goring's arms, clinging to his breast and raving deliriously. "He wants to take me away with him--that native, but I will not go." She sprang up from the cot shivering from head to foot and only Goring's firm hold stopped her from tearing out again into the noon- day heat. "Listen, little girl," he said, "you must lie still. You don't want to be sick, do you?" 