102 The Last Job --had him safely and without a worry. She was more thankful than ever, now, that he had always so scrupulous- ly refrained from mixing with others in his profession. He had rigidly played a lone hand, refusing to listen to the most tempting offers. He did jobs without help, and he did them well. His recently finished term in Sing Sing had been his first, and that was because he had grown careless, perhaps, through the years of such easy triumph. But it had taken a good man to get him, there was consolation in that for them both. Yes, Jim had made a big mistake in failing to give Terry Neall due credit. Had he been just a bit more cautious? . . . After a couple of months of idle- ness, Kitty noticed that drawn look coming over his face and that wilder, fiercer look into his eyes. Too, he be- came quieter. He spoke less; stayed at home more; sat thinking; caressed for hours his sensitive fingers. The boy had completely left him, and the bitter, cruel man had taken his place. Jim Knowles was nervous for action. She knew the signs more than well. She said not a word, but she did a deal of hoping and praying. Once, when the agony was great, she ques- tioned him as to whether he had as yet discovered his prospect. And the answer had sent a chill through her: "No--but I saw Terry Neall to- day!" "Oh, Jim, Jim," she cried, "won't you give it up? Won't you let's make a new start in some new place? . . . We've still got enough! We can surely make good!. . . Oh, Jim, dear, please give it all up!" It was an ill omen, as she instantly realized, that he did not cut her short. He simply sat smiling at her--that easy, confident smile she knew so well. He always wore it before he tackled any job; he was always so cool, and smiling, and different. He had the bearing now. "Dear old girl," he drawled, "you do worry a lot about the unimportant things! . . . Sure I saw Neall, and he sort of reminded me of you. Went in and had a drink with him. Advised me to quit the game and--and what do you think? And marry you. Said I'd make a respectable citizen if I'd settle down on the straight and narrow! . . Nice boy, Neall. White man. He got me fair and I don't hold it against him --but he won't get me the second time, you can gamble!" Again her worry was kissed away, and again life went on as serenely as possible--for a few days! Then he came in, one evening, and just brushed her lips before drawing the big armchair up to the window and lolling back in it. He sat without a word, smoking cigarette after cigar- ette. He occasionally chuckled--a short, grim sort of chuckle--and did the trick of fondling his fingers. Kitty McAlister knew that the time had come. Her face was suddenly haggard as she came and stood before him, looking into his eyes with a cer- tain hopeless sadness. She spoke just a single word: "Well?" He raised his head slowly, his nar- rowed eyes seeming entirely grey-- and colder than ever she had known. He almost bit out his speech through those tautened lips: "Cinch! Old Weiner--the picture dealer,--dirty old miser. Grabbed forty thousand--too late to bank. Some famous painting. Took the money home with him--over on the edge of Montclair. Safe's so easy it's a crime. So cheap he only keeps one servant. Cinch--cinch!" She started to expostulate--to plead, to rail, to do anything--but Jim rose 