Love in the Jungle 15 this horrible place; you'll come, father, dear--won't you? I'll make you happy --so happy." "No," he said, shaking his gray head sorrowfully, "it's too late--too late. It's got me--the fever and booze and the dope--I'm not fifty, but I am an old and broken man. It's too late." "It's never too late, father, dear," cried the girl. "I told you it had got me," he an- swered impatiently. "I can't last long and if it won't be that way these jung- lies have had it in for me for years. A poisoned arrow'll do for me one day --the sooner, the better." He sighed heavily. Then roused himself again. "Goring and the troops," he snapped. "They haven't come--damn him if he doesn't get here on time." "Mr. Goring has been here," said Rhoda. "He has left six Gurkas in the village and four to guard the bungalow. He has gone on to Peripadar." "Thank God!" muttered Waler, "you'll be all right now; but watch Rani--they're treacherous as snakes." His eyes drooped wearily. "I'm tired --tired--I think I shall sleep." He rolled on his side and through tear- blinded eyes the girl saw that he was again asleep. She tried kneeling on the cold con- crete floor to pray. For a long time she crouched, murmuring incoherent and passionate appeals to God to save her father, lying before her, body and brain wrecked by sin and disease. She would again beg him implore him to come away with her--he would be un- able to resist her, and then together they should leave this strangely beautiful yet terrible country. Out through the window she saw the stars, shining above the darkness of the mango tree--it seemed somehow a sym- bol of hope and happiness. Her thoughts drifted to Goring riding out under those stars into danger. His name fell softly from her lips in a half- unspoken prayer and she wondered if she would ever see him again. Sudden- ly she began to shiver; she rose swiftly to her feet; she must go back to bed or she would get fever and be ill. Stooping over her father, she gently smoothed his rumpled pillow and kissed his forehead; then went silently out of the room. On the card-table Goring's revolver was still lying. Perhaps if she put it under her pillow she might have sweet dreams. She picked it up firmly, smi- ling a little at her own courage, and pushing aside the purdah started to go into her room. VI A slight, breathless noise behind her and the muffled jingle of a bracelet startled her. She wheeled about and just in time to escape the upraised knife in the clenched brown fist of Rani, the native woman. The girl gave a sharp cry and back- ing against the wall faced the woman with horror-stricken eyes. Rani's bosom beneath the pink sari heaved tu- multuously, her face was a livid mask of writhing passion, her eyes blazed with hate and a merciless revenge. Rhoda knew she was face to face with a treacherous death; she tried to scream out, but her voice choked in her throat. The woman glided closer, her breath coming pantingly through her crimson blotched lips; then she gath- ered herself leopard like for a spring. Rhoda's fingers with subconscious in- stinct tightened on the gun she held in her hand. She raised it unsteadily, "Don't," she whispered, "or I shall shoot." The maddened native woman leapt upon her--Rhoda pulled the trigger, dizzily aware of a stabbing pain in her arm. There was the report of the gun 