88 Lonely Heart know what I would do--probably stare like an idiot--and get killed; I merely obeyed an impulse that was anything but heroic. Perhaps I was morbidly curious. . . . Perhaps I was horribly afraid--for I have heard that under the influence of fear one often does strange things. Perhaps--but there is no use to attempt analysis. It wouldn't suit the story. In the rear of the black hole I was confronted by a door. Over my head I saw an open window coughing pitiful gusts of light. I was standing where the light fell upon me and as I moved into the protecting shadow of the door- way some heavy object hurled from above crashed on the stone paving. A fragment of it struck me on the cheek. The pain of countless needles shot through my face. I caught my upper lip between my teeth in an effort to con- trol myself--a habit of mine. That blow stung me to action. It made me mad. I felt as though I could batter the door down with my fists. "Dammit!" I whispered tersely. I am not often profane, but that seemed the only possible way to express my feelings. I hurled myself against the door and it crashed in. It must not have been bolted, for I was flung for- ward face downward on the floor. An instant I lay there stunned. "Dammit!" I said again, between my teeth. Unseen hands grabbed me. They tore at me. I heard my clothing rip. "Dammit!" I choked, for the third time. "Let me . . It felt as though my skull was crushed. It burned with the heat of a thousand flames. There was nothing but darkness. I could see a light like a star--so very, very dim that it must have been a million miles away. The happenings of that period of unconsciousness are so twisted that I only retain a slight knowl- edge of when I first opened my eyes. There were many shadows--and in the shadows a face. "Are you awake?" I heard a voice asking. The words were far away. "Are you awake?" it repeated. Then the veil was drawn. I struggled to a sitting position, my head swimming horribly. "Who are you?" I asked. But even as I asked it I knew. I could never forget the pitiful face. She seemed more forlorn than ever in the dimness of the room, her large eyes more poign- ant than stars. "I think I know who you are," I said. "I saw you at Olaf Bjorn's, didn't I?" She nodded slowly. "My name is Clelia," she announced in good English, her eyes never leav- ing me. "Clelia!" I repeated. "What an odd name!" "I am partly English--my mother. . . . We have always lived in London." Her eyes were more solemn than ever. "Her father's mother was from Venice. Clelia is Italian. My mother like the name." Suddenly I remembered where I was and what had happened. My head ached terrifically. "But tell me about ... all this," I asked. "Didn't I hear someone scream ?" A little smile twisted her lips. "I am sorry. I had to scream," she confessed. "Someone was hurting you?" Clelia shook her head. "Oh, no; my father told me to scream." "You mean that you did it deliber- ately--to lure me here?" At a sudden thought I felt for my pocketbook. It was gone. "I've been robbed!" "That was why I screamed," she said calmly. "But I am sorry, oh, so sorry. I wouldn't have done it for the world!" 