Limbering Up Ebenezer 39 "Ten years." "Have you ever seen a movie?" "Once." "Can you do the fox-trot?" "What is it?" "How often does Ebenezer bring you orchids?" "Never. I don't care for fruit." "Well, let's have a cocktail and talk things over." "We sold the poultry two weeks ago. Ebenezer said the market was right." "It is as I thought," said sister, roll- ing up her sleeves. "Listen. This Midas X. Bluebeard has perpetrated high crime upon you. You have been in jail ten years and never even asked the guard the way out. First, where does the ogre keep the scads, the ma- zuma, the pieces of eight?" "If you mean money, every bank in the county." "Have you ever asked for any of it?" "Once. Then when I saw how cruel I was to even think of it I was so sorry. He forgave me though, after a while." Sister looked at her long and thought- fully. Then she told her all about it. When she got through, Bessie realized how thoroughly well done she had been. The light broke through the mist and birds began to twitter. "It is going to be rough work, getting this Reserve Bank to come across. What is his weakness?" asked sister. "Carry on. You are on vacant land," answered Bessie, or words to that effect. "Then we must get something on him. Has he ever done anything that wouldn't check up with Blackstone? Has he ever toyed with the widows and orphans?" "He has never actually murdered anybody with a knife," answered the wronged wife. "But the other things, I guess, he has done." "You are sure?" "Fairly. Nobody has ever been able to bring him up short. But with your advice and what I know, maybe we can do it." "Good," said sister. "I fancy I can hear the purse-strings loosening now." Suffice it to say that the work was done. These two innocent women gath- ered enough general and particular in- formation to satisfy the most fastidious. Bessie unlocked the volcano one night at supper. "Ebenezer," she said, with the utmost assurance, "I want twenty thousand dollars." A wound like that is liable to bring on fatal results, but Ebenezer had faced many a wronged party and he had the recipe. "Ha, ha! That's a good one. Where did you get it? Out of the magazine, I'll bet. Tell me another while I eat." "This isn't on the funny page, Eben- ezer. Kindly be good to my ears and lay off the soup. Now let's begin." Ebenezer didn't believe he was living, but decided to say nothing. Bessie went on. "For ten years you have been my hus- band, and if you wish to continue in that role, why you may have the same part, but there will be new stage busi- ness. Any wife ought to have at least two thousand dollars a year for herself to keep the ennui from the door. Ten of these years would be twenty thou- sand dollars, just the amount I asked you for. You see, I am generous; I haven't asked for any interest while you have had the money. Although, I ex- pect you will force it on me anyway. Now, Eb, if the money is forthcoming and a regular monthly amount at that rate henceforth, why we can go right ahead with the soup. Otherwise we talk on. "Madame, you are either crazy or the victim of something. I refuse to listen to you." "Why, you old rat," hissed the ten- year Rip Van Winkle. "You say you 