80 Hats! "If you're all right," he said smiling, "I'll be going. I've an appointment at ten and it's ten-thirty now. I'm so glad the fall didn't hurt you." Beatrice put out her hand. "I don't know how I can ever thank you for helping me," she said. "I might have laid in the window all the morning if it hadn't been for you, Mr.--" "Cummings," finished the young man. "Howard Cummings! But say! Don't think you're going to get rid of me as easy as this, for you're not. Our introduction wasn't exactly ac- cording to Hoyle, but it was a regular knock-down, wasn't it," and he laughed boyishly. "I've got to go out of town for a few days on business, but when I get back I'm coming around and take you out to dinner. Will you go?" "What's your business?" asked Bea- trice, choosing to ignore his question. "Hats!" "Hats?" "Yes! The same as yours. Only I sell them raw, without the fixings. But you didn't answer my question about going out with me. Will you?" "Perhaps," said Beatrice a little doubtfully. "If you're in the hat busi- ness, maybe I could buy some of you when I've sold all I've got on hand. While we were having dinner we could talk business, couldn't we?" "We could," said Cummings smiling- ly. "There's many a deal been made over a table-cloth. It's a go then! Make it Thursday night. I'll be back by that time!" Beatrice was pretty! Even an ene- my, if she had one, could not have truthfully denied that fact! She was also young, which was an added charm! Her figure was well rounded. Arms plump and pink, and her complexion as delicate as the tint of a sea-shell. Take it all in all, she was a com- panion not to be despised, from the viewpoint of a man of the world. Howard Cummings took this all in at a glance, as he stepped into the lit- tle hat shop, at precisely six o'clock on that Thursday evening. Of a sudden, that day, Beatrice had come to the determination to wear one of the hats she had on sale. "Mine looks so shoppy," she told herself in justification of her act. All day long she had been trying to decide which of the six favorite ones it should be. Finally the choice nar- rowed down to "Pink Lady" and "Blue Beauty," and in the final count "Pink Lady" won. When Cummings opened the door she had just put it on, and turned from the mirror to greet him. She was standing under a chandelier the light from which threw a sort of halo around her head. Cummings stopped with the door half open, and looked at her admiringly! "Well!" she said, flushing a little un- der his gaze. "Will I do?" "You're beautiful," replied Cum- mings. "Beautiful!" Beatrice blushed prettily. It was the first time she had ever received a com- pliment from a man. "Come!" she said. "Let's go. I'm ravenous, aren't you? Which way shall we go?" "Thought I'd take you down to my rooms," replied Cummings carelessly. "I've got a taxi outside and it won't take us long to get there. I hate res- taurants! I've arranged to have din- ner sent in from Masgetti's, an Italian place, nearby. There'll be just two of us. It'll be jolly, won't it?" "Real spiffy," replied Beatrice laugh- ing, yet inwardly wondering if she was doing the right thing in going. "Is it far?" "Stuyvesant Square," said Cum- mings, as they came out and Beatrice 