6 Love in the Jungle Das said, breaking the short silence. "I am Harvard, 1909." "Are you?" said Rhoda with forced cordiality. She was beginning to feel that there was something presumptuous about him. She glanced at him critic- ally, rather resenting the fact that he should have gone to Harvard. She had to admit, though, that he cut a distinctly presentable figure--his clothes were ir- reproachable, he sat his horse well, his skin was light in color and yet the girl told herself, though she could not say just why, she found him utterly detest- able. "I am sometimes sorry that I left the States," Das went on smugly. "I had a splendid time at college; I won the swimming championship, my junior year." He waited for a response from the girl, but receiving none went placidly on: "Did you know the Willowthorpes of Back Bay? Anne Willowthorpe was a great friend of mine. A couple of chaps I know have stayed in Boston; lots of them have brought back Ameri- can wives." And then Rhoda was able to define the subtle antipathy that he roused in her. It was just that--in his eyes, no barrier stood between the native and the white. She wished suddenly the jolting ride would end. "You can see the bungalow ahead," said the Bengalee; "the mine is just beyond it." Rhoda looked eagerly. They passed through a wide, rickety gate into the compound of a large bungalow with the dilapidated look which age gives build- ings in the tropics. Bold red and yel- low blotched cannas flanked the un- cared-for garden paths, the marigolds were rank and overgrown, banana and papaya trees grew in irregular confu- sion, but two mighty mangos on either side of the bungalow loaned it a dig- nity that its lack of paint and straggly vines denied it. In front of the door, Rhoda got out of the palky and looked about her The sun was sinking garishly behind the purpling hills--the air of neglect and desolation about the place chilled her. "It will be seven o'clock before Mr. Waler returns," Das said standing be- side her, his tophee in his hand. "He would wish you to go in and make yourself comfortable." Rhoda slowly climbed the low flight of steps on to the screened-in verandah. A half dozen turbaned servants in more or less immaculate white salaamed as she entered. "Thank you very much for bringing me here," said the girl, turning to the Bengalee, who stood waiting outside. "It was a pleasure, Miss Waler," he said. "Good evening," and he walked away, his horse following him. Rhoda let the screen door slam be- hind her and took a few impatient steps up and down the porch. A minar bird in a wicker cage fluttered its wings drowsily--behind her the "salaam mem- sahib" of the servants droned in her ears. She was conscious of the faint jingle of bracelets and of being watched by many eyes. How she wished her father would come! How terribly lonely it was here, surrounded by all these dark, strange people. She saw the slit of a shutter move slightly and with a frown fol- lowed the bearer into her father's house. II It was nearly seven o'clock when Rhoda, washed and brushed up after her trip, stepped out again on to the screened-in verandah. What a dreadful place the bungalow was! The huge, high-ceilinged rooms were bleak and ugly as a barracks, un- cared for and untidy. 