82 Hats! mother's picture, I know I'm as safe as I would be at home. A man with such a mother couldn't do wrong. Oh! is that the wine? Isn't it pretty and pink? Which glass do I take?" A strange look came into Cummings' eyes and the tray he held in his hand trembled. Before Beatrice could take a glass he suddenly drew back. His elbow hit against a chair and the glasses were overturned and fell to the floor. "Oh!" exclaimed Beatrice. "Did I do that? I'm so sorry, but the glasses didn't break!" "No," said Cummings quietly, "it was all my fault. There's no more wine, though, so we'll have to go without." "It doesn't matter," said Beatrice sweetly, "but I'm sorry it got spilled!" Cummings made no reply but went to the window and threw up the shade. For several minutes he stood there si- lently watching the lights gleaming in the square below. When he turned to Beatrice again his face was pale but he had regained his composure. "Tell me!" he said, "how's business? Made any sales yet?" Beatrice shook her head a little sadly. "No," she said, "and what's more it don't look as if I was going to. I've about made up my mind to close the shop and look around for a job." "Oh, I wouldn't do that," exclaimed Cummings. "Stick it out, you'll surely do business in time!" Beatrice laughed! "That's all very well," she said. "But when it comes time to pay the rent and there isn't anything to pay with, one don't know what to do." "Oh! that's how it is," said Cum- mings gravely. "I see! But perhaps you'll have better luck soon." Beatrice sighed. "I hope so," she said, "but it's got to come soon. Then, as she counted the strokes of a clock in a nearby church tower, "I must be going now. Mother will be waiting. She isn't very well and I don't want to keep her up late. I don't know how I can ever thank you for such a lovely evening. It's the best I ever had in my life!" "I'm glad you've enjoyed yourself," said Cummings as he handed her "Pink Lady" and watched her put it on. "I hope this won't be the last dinner we'll have together. And we'll hope for bet- ter luck at the store!" And on the wings of the wish, luck came flying! The very next day a woman walked past the little hat shop, looked in the window, and came back. For a few moments she stood gazing at the hats, then she entered the shop. When she came out, "Pink Lady" was reposing in a box, tagged and ad- dressed, while Beatrice gazed lovingly at four ten-dollar bills which she held in her hand. The following afternoon two girls came in, and with many expressions of delight, purchased "Poppy" and "Blue Beauty." Within ten days the other hats in the window which Beatrice had ca- ressed and chided for not captivating the feminine public, had gone the way of the others, and she was busy making more to take their place. Only once during that time had she seen Cummings. Then he had just dropped in to ask how she was getting along. He was as pleased as Beatrice to hear of her success. "As soon as the rush is over at our shop we'll have another dinner to- gether," he said. "We're working nearly every night now getting out or- ders." "I'm ready," laughed Beatrice. "That was the best dinner I ever had. I won- der if the next will taste as good!" A week later Beatrice decided she must have some more hats! 