The Comet and the Star 113 how much Collinge was beginning to mean to her. No other man with whom she had been associated either on the legitimate stage or in pictures had awakened this tender feeling that had a maternal quality about it. Neva Lloyd hated the ugly facts of life. A woman of strong passions she had always held herself in check waiting for the man who would come to mean all the world to her and now she faced the realization that he had come, but he belonged to another woman and she must neither forget it herself nor allow him to do so. Collinge was miscast as an actor. His heart was not in his work. He was flashing, meteor-like across the motion picture sky but his trail would be brief. He had too much virility to remain con- tent with make-believe incidents and some day he would go back to the busi- ness world that called out his best ac- tivities. She saw that clearly but now she wondered if he would go soon enough to spare them both a disil- lusioning scene. She spoke now of his former occupa- tion. "Do you ever think of going back to it?" she asked. "Not now," he returned frankly. "At first I used to, but I guess the lure of wealth has got me, too. Five thousand a year doesn't seem much to me nowa- days." "But you wouldn't remain a five thou- sand a year man." "It'd be tough climbing up to the twenty-five thousand class." "I thought you liked hard work?" "I thought so myself once." "I'm hoping you'll see how much bet- ter it would be for you. It isn't as if you were a born actor, you know." Collinge turned puzzled eyes in her direction. "But I'm making good." "On your face and your figure and your ability to do stunts." That hurt. It startled him out of the complacent mood into which he had drifted since he had come south. "I have no real talent?" he asked slowly. "It's just my personal appearance that gets across?" Neva Lloyd felt like a surgeon facing a delicate operation, but she did not flinch from the task before her though it would probably take this man out of her life. "It's your youth and your good looks and you're too big a man to go on making money out of those things." He tried to digest her statement. A few months ago he had had her own viewpoint of the situation but of late he had deluded himself with visions of his own glory. "But I'm a Paradox star!" he protested. Neva Lloyd smiled indulgently. "You're a comet, with a brilliant tail and you never will be a fixed planet in our painted sky, thank heaven for that!" "It looks as if you wanted to get rid of me." "If I do, it's for your own good," she said gravely. "Your present work is not conducive to marital happiness. Aren't you conscious of how little you see of your wife?" His brow darkened. "I don't believe she cares." "If she's drifting away it's up to you to win her back before it's too late. You wouldn't want to lose her, would you ?" "Of course not." His answer came quickly for he was still a primitive man with fixed ideas of right and wrong and an old-fashioned sense of the sacred claims of duty. They walked on in silence for a few moments and then he stopped. "I'm not going in. Elsie went motor boating this afternoon and I think I'll play the dutiful husband stunt and meet her on the dock," he said with an attempt at lightness. "Good boy!" Neva Lloyd commented. "And get out of pictures soon, Tom, S.--May--8 