Love in the Jungle 33 her veins; she was stifled, as if the mention of his name had roused emo- tions she thought were dead. Her thin little hands gripped the sides of her chair; she must escape out into the compound or surely betray herself. "It seems," continued Miss Weather- spoon, thoroughly relishing the recital of her bit of gossip, "that the Govern- ment is perfectly furious at Mr. Fleck- ers for the way he has let this Santali trouble get out of hand. They hold him responsible and quite rightly, too; he has never moved out of the Resi- dency here, and it was Goring who went right out into the jungle, rounded up the natives, had some kind of a palaver with them and got them positively to lay down their bows and arrows and give up the ring leaders. It is next door to a miracle, they say, his settling it all peacefully. It's a regular triumph for Temple Goring, and the long and the short of it is," she poised a diminu- tive sandwich under a generously pro- portioned nose, pausing dramatically, "Mr. Heckers has been given the sack and Temple Goring is to be Political Agent in his place." In the confusion of exclamations and excitement over this startling informa- tion, Rhoda slipped away unostenta- tiously into the garden and sat down on a vine-twisted, rustic seat. Success and promotion had come to him, but he had not had time or thought to even send her a line. What a fool she was to be pining for such a man--her heart hardened sud- denly against him. She would put him out of her mind and marry Larry-- dear, gallant Larry. She would make him wonderfully happy. Far down the road she heard the snort of his motor horn and the tearing of a machine toward the bungalow. He was coming home earlier than usual, hurrying to her. She rose slowly to meet him--she would tell him this eve- ning what he wanted to hear, promise to marry him whenever he wished. Her eyes on the ground, her heart dull and heavy, she passed under the rose arbor. A trailing spray thick with blossoms caught in the lace of her skirt; she stooped to disentangle herself from the thorns. A man's step came rapidly toward her; she could hear the crunch of gravel under his grinding heel. She looked up and a cry escaped her. It was not Townsend but Goring himself. "Miss Waler," he said eagerly look- ing hungrily into the girl's face. To Rhoda he seemed thinner, brown- er than when she had seen him last, but there was a wonderful light in the keen eyes behind the glasses. "How you surprised me!" she said in a low voice. "You were the last per- son I expected to see. I was waiting for Captain Townsend." She said the last stiffly and with a slight effort. "I grabbed Townsend's car--didn't even wait to ask him for it. I was so anxious to get here to see you." Rhoda made no reply. Goring's face sobered swiftly. She was displeased, angry at him. How small she looked and how terribly frail! There was no color in her face and her slender body seemed wasted. "You are not glad to see me," he said quietly. "I cannot be very enthusiastic after your neglect of all these days. You never troubled to write or inquire." "Write or inquire!" he cried in amazement. "Why, my dear child, for the last month I have been miles and miles back in the jungle, away from communication of any sort. It was not until today that I heard of my ap- pointment and I came right here--to you." "I must congratulate you, Mr. Gor- ing," she said coldly. How surprisingly easy it was to go through with forms after one's heart was broken. S.--May--3 