66 "Till Death Us Do Part" May: What made you think that? Granny: Lem liked you for sure, and you went together a lot. What made you turn Lem down? May : There wasn't any question of mar- riage between Lem and me, Granny. Granny: His leaving the district so sudden made folks think you'd jilted him. But I reckon folks knows now why Lem left these parts! May: (Alarmed.) You think they know? Granny: Yes. Porter Creasman's girl met up with an accident; she give her parents an unlooked for grandchild. They say that Lem's the man. May: That's a lie! Granny : You seem mighty certain! May: Lem never cared for that frump of a Creasman girl! Granny: Why did he go away, then? May: Why do you look at me like that? How do I know? Why do you ask me? Granny: There, there; I reckon hit's getting married that makes you so easy upset. Here's Jim. (Jim Raxter enters at the house- door; he is a heavy-set, stolid-looking young mountaineer -wearing a suit of homespun.) Raxter: Preacher's coming over the river. May, and half the county's waiting on us at the foot of the falls. Ready? Granny: That preacher can just wait till I get my tables spread! Half the county! Hit'll be the biggest wedding ever seen on Little River! (She hurries out through the house- door, filled with importance.) Raxter: Give us a kiss, sweetie. May: (Avoiding him.) Time enough for foolishness after we're married. Raxter : A life time for hit! Seems like a miracle, you're marrying me, May! You could have picked the best of us, and you took me! I can't figure hit out, unless hit's because I love you with a love that's just reached for you ever since I first set eyes on you five years ago. I'd never have married if I couldn't have married you. And now I've won you, I'm going to keep you, till death us do part! (He nears her; his deep feeling ap- parent in voice and face. May moves quickly away from him.) May: I don't like the look in your eyes, Jim! Raxter: (Stops and then laughs shortly.) You're not aiming to marry a dummy, are you? Well, I reckon I can wait till after the preacher makes us man and wife. Wife! And to think I used to be jealous of Sam and Dal and Lem! At one time I thought you and Lem were sure going to make a match of hit. 