124 Motion Picture Department with a boost to the top rung of the lad- der, "the lead"; but does ambition leave them there? Far be it from ambition to leave them high and dry after going so far; not so, it takes them on up and beyond -- their wings have grown stronger, as they achieved success, until they are now able to soar alone. Ora, if she has anything, has ambi- tion, and, it would seem, in large quan- tity. It began to grow way back in the old Keystone Comedy days, when Mack Sennett, always with one comedy eye open for a new beauty to add to his cast, picked Ora and at the same time a long-time contract to star in Keystone- Triangle productions. Now, Ora had ambition to do more serious work and at the end of her con- tract did a serial for Pathé, which is not yet released. Don't you remember the splendid work she did opposite Wallace Reid in "Too Many Millions"? Which proves that Ora's ambition was guiding her in the right direction. Also, must I mention her work with Tom Moore, in "Go West, Young Man." It is small wonder that Ora and her am- bition felt she could "go it alone," so after finishing her picture with Tom, she was out on location filming the first scenes of her premier as a lone star. We have not yet been advised re- garding the release or name of this picture. Ora Carew hails from that salty State, Utah, yea, even from Salt Lake City, by which we do not insinuate any- thing. She is pretty enough for any old State to be proud of; a quantity of rich dark hair, and big brown eyes, al- though I think a trifle too serious; but that is perhaps due to the viewpoint she has of anything she undertakes--with her, whatever she is doing claims all the best that is in her. That is why Ora will make a sure bet as a star. Like all live girls, she can swim, dance and ride horseback. Along comes Olive Thomas, with am- bition all out of breath trying to keep up with her. Olive has so long been associated with Triangle and surround- ed with such poor material, it is good to have her try her own wings and place herself in hands that will of a surety make the most of her talents and rare beauty. For Olive is beautiful-- she is like an artistically cut cameo, pink and white, and glorious hair that matches her slumberous eyes; to de- scribe the color of those eyes is impos- sible--they are blue, brown, grey, and all of these blended. Myron Selznick, son of that well- known Select Pictures producer, is go- ing to be responsible for just what Olive will do for us in the future. "Up Stars and Down" will have been re- leased ere this--it's a dainty bit, like Olive, and for her first picture was well chosen. Her next, a story from the pen of one of Saucy Stories' constant contributors, The story ran as a serial in Saucy Stories in the early Spring of last year--"The Spite Bride." It is an ideal story for Olive, and I am anx- iously looking forward to its release. * * * Do not fail to see Mitchell Lewis, Select Pictures star, in "Children of Banishment," adapted for the screen from the well-known novel of the same name, by Francis William Sullivan. The picture is under the direction of Norval MacGregor, who, in his earlier days, was leading man and later director and manager for Nance O'Neil. A great call has been made for the return of Mitchell Lewis as a star--the public had not forgotten his excellent work in "The Barrier," "The Bar Sinister" and "The Sign Invisible"; these placed Lewis in the high ranks as a portrayer of half-caste types, but his ability is versatile and he has been given a variety of roles since then, that proved him worthy of more pleasurable stories. 