126 Motion Picture Department ing a burglary will be charged against him--a crime for which Barbara has already paid the price. She must enter the roadhouse without attracting notice and remain in his place. She was dressed in boy's clothes and shinned up the pole that led to the roof, gaining this, she made her way cat-like to the window and stole up to the attic, where she carried out her plan, and the sight of Miss Marsh shortening the dis- tance between herself and the roof, with all the skill of an agile boy--or a burg- lar, was certainly an interesting and sur- prising moment. The funny part of it was, that she was so absolutely ab- sorbed in her character of the moment, a boy, that it was impossible to think of her as a girl, in fact, she explains this unusual situation. "Wearing trous- ers was a novelty and had a psychologi- cal effect on me. I couldn't have been feminine had I wanted to. I just had to be a thoroughgoing urchin." This scene comes toward the end of the picture and brings about a surpris- ing climax and the exciting scene fol- lowing Barbara's discovery by the "willuns" results in a conflict no less novel than her porch climbing--but that is another story and one which I believe you would rather "see" for your- selves. * * * I visited the Harold Lockwood studio just before his death, when they were taking the last scenes for his big Metro- Screen Classics picture, "The Great Romance," which has been recently re- leased. It was an enormous set, repre- senting the ball-room of a palace in a mythical kingdom and was nearly one hundred feet in length and about fifty wide. Every available foot of space on the studio was taken up with this scene. The floor was of fine Carrara marble effect, big wide entrances hung with heavy plush curtains and overhead great crystal chandeliers, one of them hung over the center of the scene, be- ing nine feet in diameter. At one end of the room was a winding grand stairway of four landings, and in keeping with the scheme, the stairs also gave the appearance of marble. Over one hundred people were used in the set, staging a masked ball. This picture will long stand as a memo- rial to the memory of Harold Lock- wood. It was the best and last work of his screen career, and this picture proves an old adage, that "the works of great men live after them," and, although Harold was not what one would call a "a great man," yet he had gathered un- limited admirers not only of his work but of his personality, and I for one, am glad of "The Great Romance." * * * Here is a little "close-up" of Gladys Leslie, Vitagraph's enchanting little screen star. Gladys hails from New York and is a product of Washington Irving High School and Columbia Uni- versity--good work in minor parts must mean but one thing--that a producer would one day see her and capture Gladys and her fluffy light hair and laughing brown eyes. This is just what Albert Smith, president of Vitagraph did, and she is now their bright particu- lar star. Not only is Gladys lovely to look upon, but she has the ability to convey real spirit and meaning to her character- izations--she is the embodiment of youth and a real, live invitation to be happy, also she is appropriately called, "girl with the million dollar smile." Gladys has for her latest Vitagraph picture "Fortune's Child." She is a lit- tle boarding house waif, whose faith in her tattered book of fairy tales keeps alive her belief in the world's goodness, and after a series of most remarkable adventures her dreams come true and the Knight of the book comes and takes her away. There is every reason to 