114 The Comet and the Star they're bad for married men who want plenty of time in which to love their wives," she concluded. Then she went up the steps and into the hotel. Collinge looked after her admiring- ly. What a woman, he thought! What a comrade! What a wife, for some lucky man! And then he pulled him- self up sharply and compressed his lips as he realized the full danger of indul- ging in such thoughts. During the balance of their stay at Palm Beach he devoted every spare mo- ment to Elsie, and as Roberts had gone north after establishing a complete basis of understanding, she accepted his attentions with a malicious tolerance that made him feel as if she saw through his clumsy attempts to simu- late an affection which had ceased to ex- ist. He did not tell her that he had writ- ten to the Stone Motor Company until they were on the train, homeward bound. When she heard it she raised her brows significantly. "What's the idea of bluffing like that? You'd better stick to Hyams, you've lost your chance with the Feature Films," she said contemptuously. "I've told Hyams I'm through." "Indeed? And have you and the lovely Neva quarreled?" "See here, Elsie, keep her name out of this!" His tone was harsh. It was growingly increasingly difficult to retain his temper under Elsie's constant jibes. "These past months have been a night- mare, but we'll wake up soon and find it's all been an ugly dream. Perhaps when we settle down to a sane way of living again, we'll be able to get back our old fondness for each other." But Elsie refused to reply to that. She merely smiled and opened her book to indicate that as far as she was con- cerned the matter was not worth talking about. Just before they pulled into the sta- tion Collinge stepped over to Neva Lloyd. "When we get to New York it's to be good-bye," he said significantly. "But that's what you wanted, wasn't it?" His face was drawn and his eyes were full of misery, but she ignored these signs of suffering and she forced a brave little smile to her lips as she answered: "Yes, and I wish you all the luck in the world!" She held out her hand and as he took it he realized the truth. Not only had he learned to care but he had taught her to care also. He turned away abruptly to find El- sie at his elbow. "Why the long farewell? Won't you see each other tomorrow?" she asked. "No! I told you I was getting out of the pictures and going back to real life!" "Dear Tom! You'd be quite bearable if you didn't take yourself so se- riously." He ignored that and then he gathered their hand luggage together and sig- nalled for a porter. The next morning he rose early and went down town to the Stone Com- pany's office. They welcomed him back and offered him a percentage on his sales which would bring his salary up considerably. Business details took up most of the day, but about five o'clock he went back to the hotel pre- pared to come to an understanding with Elsie in regard to their future way of living. They would have to begin on an economical basis, but he looked forward to a few hardships which should absorb him so that he would not have time for regrets. He was whirled up in the elevator and he let himself into the suite which Elsie had insisted upon and he called to her cheerfully from the entrance hall. 