30 Love in the Jungle Rhoda looked off toward the living- room, where, under the shaded light, she could see the boy's mother and fa- ther, face to face at the small card- table. How could she tell him there was no chance, that her heart already lay bruised and crushed within her-- that she had nothing to give. He understood her silence. "You were just talking then," he said bitterly. "It was only words; you didn't mean it." "Yes, I did mean it," she answered. "You mean you couldn't care for me," he cried fiercely, "that's it, is it? I'm too smashed up, too--" "No, no," she interrupted. "There's someone else then," he said, his eyes on her. For a long moment she gazed off into the night. "No," she said at last, very slowly, "it's no one else, but I am go- ing to take my father home, away from this terrible country." "Your father!" he repeated. "Why, you--" He broke off abruptly. "Is that your only reason for turning me down? Is that all that stands between us?" He gripped her hand almost roughly. Goring had wired to break the news to her; she did not know yet that her father was dead. "What do you mean, all that stands between us?" she cried. "My father is everything I have in the world. For years he has supported me, sacrificed his health, everything, to send me plenty of money and educate me; now I am going to make it up to him. I am going to devote my life to being good to him." "You can't do that now, little girl," said the boy, who had seen death face to face. "You mean--something has happened to him, he's--" she cried wildly. "No, it can't be true--it can't be--" She pressed her fists against her quivering lips. "It is true," he answered solemnly, "but I was a brute to have told you." He reached out and took her hot little hand in his and kissed it tenderly. "I want to spend the rest of my life being good to you, dear--if you'll let me." The girl made no reply. A deadly numbness seemed to enfold her, a wave of ice to engulf her. She slipped for- ward against the vine-clung railing and fell to the terrace in merciful uncon- sciousness. XII "I told her about her father," young Townsend said to his mother an hour later. "It's all my fault; if she gets sick it is as if I had deliberately hurt her. It's all my cursed selfishness. I will never forgive myself." "Don't be foolish, dear heart. The doctor says it is fever and a touch of the sun. She should never have gone to Barampadar in the rains and she has been exposed getting away from there. The shock of what you told her made her faint, but with the loss of blood from that cut in her arm the doctor wonders how she managed to keep up as long as she did. It is my fault for not putting the poor child to bed as soon as she came; but I didn't realize, and you, Larry, seemed so pleased to have her here." The boy gripped his mother's hand. "Get her well soon, mater," he said hoarsely. "She's the pluckiest, gamest girl I've ever met; and even if she does turn me down it has made a new man of me just knowing her. There's some- thing else to be got out of the game be- side sports--she's taught me that." "God bless her for that," said his mother. "I'll take good care of her for your sake, Larry, to keep her for us all." And she kept her word. For ten days, shoulder to shoulder with the little 