What Makes Men of Blood and Iron? Men of Stamina, Force and Success--Men Who Lead The Way Physician Explains Secret of Strong Nerves, Keen Active Brains and Great Physical Energy--says: Nuxated Iron Helps Put Strength and Energy Into The Veins of Men It is the men of blood and iron--on a par with the war-hardened fellows returning from camp and field---who will forge ahead in the business and political life of the country to- day. Living in the open, eating coarse foods and leading regular lives have made blood rich in iron for these strong, healthy, vigor- ous specimens of manhood. But no such opportunity for building up their health is open to thousands of men and women in civil life whose wearing tasks and iron- impoverished food sap their energy and make them weak, anaemic and run-down and often cause their blood to literally starve for want of iron. In commenting upon the probability of build- ing up a stronger race of people by increasing the supply of iron in their blood, Dr. George H. Baker, formerly Physician and Surgeon, Mon- mouth Memorial Hospital of New Jersey, says: "Iron is absolutely necessary to change food into living tissue, muscle and brain. Without iron there can be no strong, red-blooded men or healthy, rosy-cheeked women, and unless this strength- giving iron is obtained from the food we eat it must be supplied in some form that is easily ab- sorbed and assimilated. Refilled foods and mod- Will War Help Make New Race of Super-Men With Strength and En-durance Like Athletes of Old? ern methods of cooking have robbed us of much of the iron which Nature intended we should re- ceive. For supplying this deficiency, and increas-ing the red blood corpuscles, I know of nothing more effective than organic iron--Nuxated Iron." If you are not strong or well you owe it to yourself to make the following test: See how long you can work or how far you can walk with- out becoming tired. Next take two five-grain tablets of ordinary Nuxated Iron three times per day after meals for two weeks. Then test your strength again and see how much you have gained. MANUFACTURERS' NOTE: Nuxated Iron, which is pro-scribed and recommended above, is not a secret remedy but one which is well known to druggists everywhere. Unlike the older inorganic iron products, it is easily as-similated and does not injure the teeth, make them black, nor upset the stomach. The manufacturers guarantee suc-cessful and entirely satisfactory results to every purchaser or they will refund your money. It is dispensed by all good druggists. NUXATED IRON For Red Blood, Strength and Endurance Charles Francis Press, New York 