100 The Last Job galling thraldom, savagely seeking ven- geance! . . . She sighed unconsciously--but killed it half-way before he should see. Yes, his eyes frightened her, saddened her, crushed her hopes,--and still; for the very peril they spoke of for him, she could not help loving them with re- newed fervor. They meant, though, that Jim retained, only with an added passion, his fierce love of opposing cus- tom and law. She had prayed, too, that perhaps those four terrible years might change him, that perhaps they were to at last have the longed-for, restful haven. But his eyes said "no," and again she sighed -- resignedly. After that she stayed staring unseeing- ly before her, as he was. So they both sat, without a word, without a move- ment, until New York was reached. The convict did not speak, either, as they walked along the interminable station corridors and out into the brisk spring sunshine. Silently, he allowed himself to be led to a taxi, asking no word as to where they were going, and the fact that he so implicitly relied upon her sent a glad thrill through Kitty. During the journey uptown, too, Jim Knowles sat rigid, staring out of the window with his eyes very big. Occasionally his hands would clench and unclench, and he would rub the fingers tentatively. Indeed, he did not say a word until they were safely alone and away from all prying onlookers, in the cosily furnished little apartment Kitty had rented. He glanced fever- ishly about the home-like, cheery, liv- ing room. Then, with a surge of mad relief, he suddenly lifted his arms and stretched them far out: "Christ--Christ," he breathed hoarse- ly--and it was not meant as an oath. Characteristically, the mood left him instantly. He turned abruptly, and with a literal leap he took Kitty in his arms. His face softened, his eyes were tender, and he kissed her carmine lips longingly. His hands reverently stroked her golden hair, and he looked into her eyes as he murmured his wor- ship for her. He released her sudden- ly, and swept his arm about the room: "But this, Kitty?" he asked. "I thought the money would be gone?" "Jim," she answered him, and her frank blue eyes could not help show- ing pride, "I didn't touch a penny of it. I--" "Kitty," he cried. "You prince-- and little idiot at the same time!" "No, Jim, I got a job--back at the same old manicure game. I was sav- ing the bank account," she went on, her eyes looking right into his, "to give us a new start with!" But she met with the defiance she had expected. His eyes shone almost angrily, and that lean, cruel look came over his face: "No, Kitty--no! And you're crazy to think of it, especially now! . . . God, don't you think I want to make someone pay for those rotten years? Don't you think I'm longing and long- ing to get my finger on a combination again? Don't you think I want to show that damned police crowd that they can't get me twice? ... I don't want to give up yet. Lord," glancing at a mirror, "I may look old, but I'm still young--young, I tell you. Thirty-three. Oh, no, they may have put the lines on my face and the grey in my hair, but they haven't broken the old spirit yet. I'll show 'em!" Kitty McAlister's eyes dwelt on him, lovingly, sadly. She knew that plead- ing would do little good; anyway, it was not quite the time to try, yet. He had not run the gamut of his emotion. So she sat wisely silent. "Oh, no, Kitty," he went on gaily, an infinitesimal tinge of color showing in either prominent cheekbone, "don't think of that stuff. You needn't worry, 