42 The Green Hat and less of you. It's no wonder I--" "There, Aileen, I'm sorry, I'm upset this morning. I was thinking on my way home last night we would start in studying my cases together again," he propitiated, reaching over and patting her hand which rested on the table be- side him. "Oh, that would be lovely. Do you really mean it? Why what's the mat- ter? You are hurting me, Brainerd!" Looking down at him she saw beads of perspiration break out on his fore- head, as gripping both newspaper and her hand he gazed fixedly at the bold headings which confronted him, and Aileen following his eyes read over his shoulder, "Attempted Murder Of Doris Dacre. Only Clue A Man's Green Hat." "Why she is your client in the case you were working on last night, isn't she, Brainerd?" "Yes--I-- Good God!" he ex- claimed, as he ran his hand back over his head. "It can't be true." Aileen read aloud; "The Only Clue A Man's Green Hat!" "You needn't read it aloud, I'm quite capable of reading for myself," Brain- erd interrupted irritably, and added nervously. "I must get down to the office they--they may need me." "But, Brainerd, you haven't eaten any breakfast." "No, I can't eat any, either. You do not understand how--how this has up- set me." He pushed her aside almost roughly as he went past her into the hall. As he was putting on his coat Aileen opened the door to the hall, which he had closed. "You are not going without kissing me, are you, dear?" "Why, no, of course not," he replied, and kissing her somewhat hurriedly, he said, "There, don't stand in the hall, it's cold," at the same time taking her by the arm he urged her back into the room and closed the door, making sure that it was latched; he turned to the hat rack, took down a hat and left. Aileen, when she heard the door close, went to the window and looked out af- ter him, then back to the hall where she glanced at the hat rack, and stood pondering a few moments; presently she gave her shoulders a little shake as if to throw off a burden, and went up- stairs to little Marie. Brainerd Bennison did not go to the office that day, but telephoned instead that he would be out of town. His partner, junior in age and action, sur- mising to the stenographer, remarked, "Gone on a little detective work in the Dacre case, I expect. I shouldn't wonder if the attack on her was con- nected with the damage suit." "Well, I dunno," disagreed the sten- ographer, who was perhaps a little older than the junior partner. "Maybe he has, but I've a sneaking idea he'd be studying the case at the hospital. Where is this damage suit I'd like to know? I think it's a cam-u-flage. You know yourself there have been no pa- pers, indeed nothing drawn up, except two chairs in his office. I don't be- lieve there was ever anything damaged but her character and you can't damage what's already spoilt." The junior partner drew himself up with the dignity which he supposed his position demanded. "I think, Miss Goran, we are assum- ing too much. Will you please take this letter?" And Miss Goran, because stenogra- phy was her living, her profession, if you please, said no more, at least not to the junior partner, but--she had many friends who found her quite en- tertaining as a raconteur. Contrary to their imaginings, Brain- erd Bennison had gone to the hills, 