26 Love in the Jungle pretty badly banged up." He did not know how to continue; every word he uttered was hollow and false, when the mad beating of his heart urged him to pour out to her his inmost thoughts. Suddenly his thoughts drifted back to the dak bungalow outside the ruins of Peripadar and the work in the jungles beyond, that his country called on him to do. "Perhaps," he said with an effort, "I shall see you shortly in Tashi, Miss Waler." "I don't know," said Rhoda unstead- ily, fighting back her tears. "I shall not stay in India very long; father has promised me to come home." Goring turned away quickly -- her father had promised her to go home-- well, he had kept his promise. Poor little girl. Rhoda looked down the track. A bell rang--the train was coming, she was going away. She had even told him she was leaving India but he had said nothing--he did not care. What a pitiful fool she was to have imagined what did not exist, to have left her over-soft heart drift so irrevocably to a man who would forget her existence almost before she was out of his sight! What a farce it had all been--even the burning shame of the kiss he had given her! She rose weakly; she felt dizzy and wretchedly ill. "Good-bye, Mr. Goring," she said, holding out her little hand. "You know I never can thank you enough for all you have done for me. You've--" but she broke off, unable to go on. "Good-bye," he said hoarsely, but through the stinging tears which blind- ed the girl, she did not see the look on the man's face. The locomotive pulled up; the little cars on their spindly-looking wheels came to a stop. Dark faces smeared with ashes and painted with caste marks stared at the memsahib, whose face was the whitest they had ever seen. Goring lifted the girl into a first-class compartment and stood at the window below her. "Perhaps," he said, "you will send me a line sometime telling me how you are getting on." "I'll send you a picture post-card from Boston," she smiled rather drearily. The railroad guard with the rabbit's ear flap of pugaree shouted deafening- ly, waving a flag; a babel of tongues rose about them. The door of the car- riage was slammed shut. She was go- ing away--leaving him forever. In the anguish of this thought she forgot everything; she leaned toward him, her eyes telling what her lips re- fused to betray. "Good-bye," she whispered as the train moved off. She heard his low good-bye above the rattle of the puffing engine. She looked back at the tall, strong figure in khaki until it blurred into the mists of the distance; she then flung herself on the wide leather seat and sobbed bit- terly. How different this ride was from the trip of hopes and dreams up from Cal- cutta! Her whole life was changed; from the carefree girl she had become the woman who must suffer. And she would never, never see him again. The tears smarted on her burning cheeks; the late afternoon shadows grew longer, the train sped roaringly through the flat, gray-shrouded land. Suddenly Rhoda roused herself; the rabbit-eared guard had flung open the door of her compartment and she knew she was in Tashi. X Rhoda hurriedly dabbed her face and smoothed back her damp, ruffled hair. She was dully aware of her strange ap- 