4 Love in the Jungle parture and set off in high spirits for Barampadar, India. And this was the last lap of her long and wonderful journey. In less than half an hour she would be there. She had cabled from Singapore, saying she was on her way and wired from Cal- cutta, stating the hour of her arrival. Of course he would be down at the sta- tion to meet her. How strange it would be to see one's own father for the first time in fifteen years! Rhoda forcibly shook off all gloomy thoughts and smiled at herself in the mirror of her vanity case; she hoped he would like her, find her pretty and nice. Back in Boston, people had been in- clined to rave extravagantly over the girl's delicate charm, but it had never spoiled her. "My hair's just a faded yellow," she would laugh, "and my poor nose is so unclassic." Withal, how- ever, she was sweet to look on, a slight bit of a thing, dainty and lovable. At last the train pulled in at Rhoda's station; the little cars jerked to a stop and the girl leaned eagerly out of the window to catch a first glimpse of her father. She was positive she would know him from his photographs, if not from the tumultuous beating of her heart when they should meet. He would take her in his arms and kiss her; surely he would be glad to see her after she had come such a long, long way. The door of her compartment was thrown open; Rhoda stood ready to get off. A half a dozen ragged coolies scrambled into the car, quarreling over the luggage. The girl jumped to the ground, looking eagerly about her. The usual jabbering crowd of turbaned natives squatted on their haunches on the damp platform; half a dozen lay sprawled out asleep, like filthy corpses with their faces covered. Rhoda noticed anxiously that there was no one waiting to meet her. A sinking sense of alarm seized her --the bedlam of chattering bewildered her. Her bags and boxes piled about her, she looked nervously up and down the platform. No one seemed to pay the slightest attention to her except occasionally to stare into her face with the crudest curiosity. Rhoda felt the quick tears burn in her eyes. What was she to do? Where was she to go? Her father might surely have come to meet her or at least have sent someone. A railway guard with a red flap like a rabbit's ear protruding from his pur- garee passed her. Rhoda tried to ask him if he knew where her father was, but he understood no English and her efforts were futile. Just as the girl had determined to abandon her luggage and go to find someone to whom she could explain her predicament, she saw a man on horseback in a white tophee galloping rapidly toward the station. It must be her father hurrying to welcome her; a lump came into her throat. She saw him throw himself out of the saddle and come swiftly to her; she moved toward him, her hands out- stretched, her eager little face tender with emotion. But as he came closer she saw with a start of the keenest disappointment that it was not, could not be her father. This man was young and despite the perfect Europeanization of his riding- clothes unmistakably a native. His dark eyes burned in his finely cut sallow face, his black hair waved back from his forehead as he raised his tophee. "Miss Waler, I believe," he said in a voice in which only the slightest accent lingered to mar the perfection of the English. "A thousand pardons for hav- ing kept you waiting. Your father--" "Yes," she interrupted. "Mr. Waler was away so he did not receive your Calcutta wire. He is ex- 