10 Love in the Jungle expression that had startled her in the afternoon. "The troops are expected here to- night, sir?" he asked quietly. "Yes," Waler said, and turning on his heel, strode back into the bungalow. The very suaveness of Das' voice seemed to fill the girl with alarm. Some- thing underhand and sinister threatened them--something terrible was going to happen. It was as if the exaggerated fear of the natives had communicated itself to the girl. She saw the little group melt hurriedly away into the darkness; only the Bengalee lingered. "I hope. Miss Waler," he said, "you are not distressed by all this excite- ment." "I'm not," she answered; "but what is this Knot they are talking about?" "It is a symbol among these Santals --a few cotton threads dipped, I be- lieve, in camphor and tied in a knot. It is sent at night from village to village, from house to house. It binds them to stick together for whatever may happen. In my province, Bengal, they send five mango leaves, some chillies and a pinch of salt. It usually means trouble." "What is the matter now?" asked Rhoda. "Some new forest and liquor taxes Heckers, the Political Agent, has just put into force. They are thoroughly aroused about it, for they in their primi- tive way, too, believe in India for the Indians." Rhoda remained silent for a moment. There was a veritable threat in his words "India for the Indians." Ter- rible tales she had read of the Mutiny drifted through her brain. In the half light his eyes blazed wild- ly, then suddenly, as if recalling him- self, he added in a low voice, "For speaking as I have done to you, were I to be overheard they might send me to the Andaman Islands. There are many of us in exile, such is the tyranny under which we suffer." "But," argued Rhoda, "I have always read and heard that English rule was the salvation of India." "We cannot drive the European out of India," he said, "but there is one simple solution of the problem." "What is that?" asked Rhoda. "Intermarriage," he answered quickly, "the breaking down of the false barrier between race and race." Instinctively the girl shrank from him, all the innate pride of blood and birth flaming in her delicate face. "You," he went on passionately, "lovely and young and beautiful--why should you not stay among us, be one of us? I loved you the moment I saw you. My blood seemed turned to fire, my heart to flames--all my life I have waited for that divine thrill. The women of my country cannot stir my senses as you have done; you with your skin of milk and pale roses, your hair of gold, your face uncovered--I shall give you jewels, everything--" "Stop!" cried the girl fiercely, her lips quivering with indignation. "How dare you speak to me like this! I shall tell my father." "Your father," he sneered. "Yes, tell your father. Ask him what he thinks of intermarriage." "At home," Rhoda said in a low voice, "you would be horsewhipped for this. Good night." She turned sharply on her heel but he caught her wrist and drew her to- wards him. "You do not know what you say, Miss Waler," he cried thickly. "Do not be rash. Dangers surround you of which you know nothing. Your father for years has been harsh and cruel to the coolies here; they are going to have their revenge, and you will share it un- less you let me protect you." "You coward!" she breathed. "Let 