ADVERTISING DIAMONDS On Credit SEND NO MONEY. Any Lyon Diamond shipped for inspection, charges prepaid. Examine care-fully If satisfied pay 1-5 of price and keep it-- balance 10% monthly. If unsatisfactory, return at our expense. DON'T PAY A CENT unless you're convinced Lyon Diamonds are SUPERIOR VALUE. Binding guarantee with each Diamond. Exehangeable at YEARLY INCREASE in VALUE Of 8%. Send TODAY for FREE Catalog No. 46L. 10% Discount on all cash Purchases. J. M. LYON &amp; CO., 1 Malden Lane, N.Y. Delivered YOU FREE Your choice of 44 styles, colors and sizes in the famous line of "RANGER" bicycles, shown in full color in the big new Free Catalog. We pay all the freight charges from Chicago to your town. 30 Days Free Trial bicycle you se- lect, actual riding test in your own town for a full month. Do not buy until you get our great new trial offer and low Factory-Direct-To- Rider terms and prices. TIRES LAMPS, HORNS, pedals, single wheels and repair parts for all makes of bicycles at half usual prices. No one else can offer you such values and such terms. SEND NO MONEY but write today for the big new Catalog. It's free. MEAD CYCLE COMPANY Dept. A-223, Chicago Rider Agents Wanted LET ME TELL YOU how to gain the success you have so long de- sired; how to gain a winning personality; how to improve your memory. Our course in per- sonal efficiency has helped thousands to get more out of life and it will do the same for you. Write today for first lesson FREE. THE MARAYN EFFICIENCY COMPANY Dept. E Pacific Building San Francisco 7 2/3c A Day Buys A Gibson Terms as low as $5.00 down and $2.30 per month. Mandolin, Guitar, Tenor Banjo or Guitar Banjo sent on approval. Liberal allow-ance on old instruments in exchange for the "Gibson." Get our new Free Book--112 pages , 111 illustrations. Valuable information for players and teachers. Expalins won- derful new violin construction with carved and graduated Top and Back and Stradivarius Arching. Also free treatise on "How to Practice." Teach and sell the Gibson Make $1800 to $5000 or More a Year Become a teacher. Splendid opportunities for Mandolin and Guitar teachers-- either sex, in every locality, for pri- vate and class instruction and sale of "Gibsons." They have "made" many a teacher professionally and financially. We have permanent teach-ing and business opportunity now open for either sex. Other positions pending. Write promptly. A.C. Brock-meyer, St.Louis, Mo., Teacher and Director, writes, "Will do $10,000 business in 1917; did $7,000 in 1916." Wm. Place, Jr. Providence, R.I., Star Soloist for Victor unqualifiedly en-dorses the "Gibson." Tenor Banjos- Most popular member of banjo family. Power-ful, sweet tone, lively---"ban-jolistic," but musical--- obtained by exclusive Gibson features. Great for dance playing or home. Play from any piano score-melody or chords--- straight or "jazz." Do Businness on our Capital Become our agent. We help sell. Agents' territory protected. Stock furnished. We pay the advertising. You make the profit. You pay for goods when sold; return goods not sold. Try our "Still Hunt," FREE to those interested our new $1.00 book "The Organization, Direction and Mainten-ance of the Mandolin Orchestra," by American's most successful director, Wm. Place Jr. Write now for Catalog, Treatise, "How to Practice: Psychologically Explained," all free. Don't wait; Act Now. fill in the coupon. Gibson Mandolin-Guitar Co., 1105 Parsons St., Kalamazoo, Mich., U.S.A. Gibson Mandolin-Guitar Co., 1105 Parsons St., Kalamazoo, Mich. U.S.A. Gentlemen:- Without obligation send me free book cpolete Catalog, free treatise, also Information about the Wm. Place,Jr., book and instrument checked. If teacher check here Mandolin Mando-cello Guitar Mandola Mando-bass Harp-guitar Tenor Banjo Guitar Banjo Name Address Be sure you have checked instrument. Wonderful Flesh Food, "Growdina." Produces results. Guaranteed You will be delighted with it. Price $5.00. Mlle. Koppel's Studio, 58M West 40th St., New York City. Send for my Book Improve Your Face By Making Faces 25c coin or stamps This book contains a complete course of instruc- tions in Physical Culture for the face. More than 90,000 persons are following these instructions to-day. They will do more to build beauty than all the paint and powder in the world, for they get right at the root of your facial defects and overcome them. Not simple or silly. Just physical culture applied to the facial muscles; common-sense-- that's all. If you want to improve your looks, send 25 cents for the book, to-day, at once, while it's on your mind. PROF. ANTHONY BARKER Studio 5160, 127 West 42nd St., New York City POPULARITY FOLLOWS THE UKULELE If you play quaint, dreamy, Hawaiian music or latest songs on the Ukulele you will be wanted everywhere. We teach by mail 20 simple lessons, give you free with every course a gnuine Hawaiian Ukulele, music, everything- no extras, Askk us to send the story of Hawaiian music. You will love it. No obligation- aboslutely free. The Hawaiian Institute of Music 1400 Broadway, Suite 2605 N.Y.C Song Writers: Submit your song-poems now for free eamina-tion and advice. Valuable bookelet expalining our original methods of revising, composing, copyrighting and facil-itating free publication or outright sale of songs, SENT FREE on postal request. Learn the truth from a reliable, successful concern. Satisfaction guaranteed. KNICKERBOCKER STUDIOS, 141 Gaiety Bldg., New York High School Course in Two Years Lack of High School training bars you from a successful business career. This simplified and complete High School Course--specially prepared for home study by leading professors--meets all requirements for entrance to college and the lead-ing professions. No matter what your business inclinations may be you can't hope to succeed without spe- cialized training. Let us give you the practical training you need. Satisfaction guaranteed. Check and mail Coupon for Free Bulletin. 30 Other Courses American School of Correspondence Dept. H1225 Chicago Training The Key To Success ASC Please send me booklet and tell me how I can fit myself for the position marked X .........High School Coarse .........Electrical Engineer .........Telephone Engineer .........Architect .........Draftsman .........Building Contractor .........Structural Engineer .........Mechanical Engineer .........Civil Engineer .........Steam Engineer .........Shop Superintendent .........Lawyer .........Business Manager .........Auditor .........Certified Public Acc'nt .........Stenographer .........Bookkeeper .........Fire Ins. Adjuster .........Sanitary Engineer .......Automobile Engineer Name .......................... Address ....................... In answering advertisements, please mention SAUCY STORIES 