The Last Job By Harold de Polo THERE was a noticeable stir in the coach as the train slowed down at Os- sining--a lowering of periodicals, a craning of necks, an atmosphere of waiting for the curtain to go up. The watchers became tense as the characters they hoped would appear on the scene did so. There were only two--a slim, tall man who held his head brazenly high as he walked firmly ahead, a slim, tall girl who held to his arm almost grimly, and certainly proudly. They climbed the steps with what could be termed arrogance, and passed down the aisle quite oblivious of the nudging and twisting and low whisper-murmurs. They chose the foremost seat, up near the water cooler where there was most foot-room. Then the man turned deliberately, and gave a last long look of implacable hate at the receding station; but the woman's eyes went to his face, and her free hand shot forward with a jerky little movement and took its place beside the other on his arm. He turned about again, at that, and one of his long-fingered, too-white hands covered her own as he stared stonily before him. The woman's face flamed, as the train gathered speed, with a joy that could not be repressed. Her eyes blinked, and she brushed away a glad tear, as her fingers dug into the coat- sleeve: "Oh, Jim--my Jim," she breathed, "it's so good to--" They were the first words either had spoken since they had met at the gate and simply gripped hands and looked into each other's eyes,--yet a quick little frown furrowed Jim Knowles' forehead as he negatively shook his head. And Kitty McAlister kept silent, holding to his arm, knowing full well that he did not feel equal to expressing the relief of freedom -- of freedom from those four ghastly years behind stone and iron. . . . They showed on him plainly--hor- ribly, she thought. The inanimate whiteness of the skin struck her first, and then the greyness sprinkled so pro- fusely through the hair that had been so crisply black. There were lines, too, rutted deep into the cheeks, and the finely chiseled lips, once so straight, drooped at the corners. His nose seemed sharper--and it had always been sharp--and he had a new trick of breathing so that his nostrils quiv- ered. It reminded her of the infinitely trained-down race horse, impatiently waiting for action. Only his grey- flecked brown eyes remained the same; and yet, immediately, she told herself that they also had changed. They were what she had always loved most, those eyes, and yet she knew that she loved them more now--hungered for them to look on her. True, the bluish rings under them accentuated their largeness, their fire, their rebellion, but Kitty saw in them a new antipathy, an almost rabid hate, for the world and its con- ventions. . . . She found herself comparing his face to that of some wild creature, suddenly loosed from 99 