24 Love in the Jungle sible escape pouring down to the river bank. She clung desperately to the swaying pad as the muddy waters deepened about them and she thought they must surely be swept off and drowned. The great beast sensing his peril reared his trunk, trumpeting with rage, and plunged on, rearing himself from the flood and half swimming, struggled on till he secured a slippery foothold on the opposite bank. Above the roaring in her ears Rhoda could hear the crack of the rifles now growing less frequent, and then her terrified eyes saw a dugout hauled from a cove up stream and launched, four natives standing in it and paddling vigorously toward her. She covered her face. From the patch of scrub where she knew Goring was, flashed three shots; two of the Santals fell into the bottom of the canoe, one toppled heavily and the last sprang into the water with a yell, swim- ming back for the shore. The un- guided canoe whirled about and started swiftly down stream. On the shore the last of the brave Gurkas fell, pierced in the back by an arrow. Goring emptied his automatic at the jungle that had killed his little sergeant. That death faced him was as nothing to the fact that they would recover the dugout and cross again af- ter Rhoda. Out on the stream the canoe glided past. A wild impulse seized the man. Flinging aside, his gun he ran toward the river, plunging into the water and swimming after the canoe. He looked once and saw the tiny fig- ure of the girl vanishing in the blur of the distance. It gave him hope and strength--he struggled on against the swiftness of the current. The dugout was his only chance as well as hers now. He gained rapidly on it until the splash of waters behind him warned him of peril; looking over his shoulder, he saw swimming after him Das the Bengalee, his face livid with passion, a knife be- tween his gleaming teeth. For a moment despair seized Goring --exhausted and unarmed, he took hold of the side of the drifting boat and looked to where he knew the girl now was safe. Behind him the Bengalee gained; to let him get the dugout meant Rhoda's doom. He saw the gleam of the knife tipraised in the babu's hand--his own right arm shot out to stay the blow which never came. The hate on the Bengalee's face turned to horror; the knife dropped; a gurgling shriek bubbled up from below --a dark form cut the stream. Half- maddened with fear, Goring hauled himself into the boat. On the muddy water a red blotch swirled above the spot where Das had been dragged un- der. The Muggerudder had not belied its name. Howls of terror rose from the shore where the Santals, demoralized by the wrath of the demon of the river, fled back to their jungles, not even stopping to despoil the dead. Picking up a blood-stained paddle from the bottom of the canoe, Goring made his way slowly to the opposite bank. IX A pretty bit of compound lay about the station platform where Golu the elephant, his massive sides caked with mud, stopped. Roses and crepe myrtle, hibiscus and alamander stood dripping with rain. A tub of gardenias filled the air with perfume, gay-colored Indian pinks bordered the geometrically laid- out flower-beds. A thick mist like drizzle filled the air. The usual crowd of idlers huddled to- gether squatting--a beggar with the hid- 