ON RECEIVING A LUNCHEON INVITATION 55    and reads a great number of things I can't understand. Sometimes, he tells me about some of them and I pretend I've read them, when I'm out. Fred- erick is sensitive, far more than I am-- and he has other qualities of whose very meaning I'm only half aware-- honesty, a great decency and kindness, a squareness and patience I could never possess. The joy of being able to live with Frederick, of being part of the glowing domesticity that he has created makes living--for the part of me that is still alive--quite worth while.  As for the romance that you feel Frederick has missed--isn't his busi- ness quite as romantic as the selfish pursuit of a single art, the development of a personal talent? Frederick is a mere business man, and yet, all alone, without any encouragement or symp- athy from me--I was quite too busy being alive to bother about him--Fred- erick has seen and developed until he is the head of a complete organization, a miniature city. He pulls the ropes of fifty lives, giving sympathy and help and encouragement. Oh, yes, I'm quite the middle-class wife, awed at her hus- band's business success, bowing to his accomplishments. Wouldn't it be stupid, going places with a woman who cared for her husband?     So--what have I to offer you, Al- fredo? I have said, dozens of times before, all the things I know. I have felt every emotion I can feel, I am quite sure. I have lived romance, or what passes for romance--and now, only the commonplaces of everyday things offer enjoyment.  Do you know I prefer the luncheon with Bernice Evans? I can wear a gown with a spot on it or a dusty hem, if I want to. I can eat, comfortably and unashamed, as much as I like, and talk, half decently, about Fred- erick.  Do you know, I prefer worrying about what to order for dinner with Frederick to planning the odd meal for you, if you happened in--it is the artist who isn't supposed to care about mere food who is most particular. I like to have breakfasts with Frederick, wear- ing a mended dressing gown or one with a torn bit of lace, if I feel like it. I enjoy the quiet of evenings at home-- even women's parties.  You have misunderstood me, you see. You had thought of me as some- thing quite different, hadn't you? I used to be. I, too, have had dreams and a gypsy heart. Now, Alfredo, that part of me is dead. I cannot have luncheon with you on Tuesday.     My Dreams  By Paul Tanaquil MY dreams are the flickering shadows that dead leaves cast over the face of tombs when the wind blows.