LOST LOVE 77    and houses of wood--not to live in-- but to look at for two or three hours a week.  I had heard several versions of the story that she left New York over week-ends, but this I knew to be the true explanation.  Suzanne repeated the statement that she was inherently good.  "But, you know, I had to live, and I had to learn how. I did it pretty well; I suppose it was because I was partly French, and being bad with me was not, as is usual in America, merely being vulgar. But you understand all that--in fact, I think you told me. To go ahead, it was on one of my much- talked-about walks in the country that I met Curtis.  "I was walking along a country road: on one side of me was a field with a spring-house, and, a little beyond it, a stream; on the other side was a farm- yard filled with sheep. I was watching the stream and wondering whether or not I could still swim, when I nearly stumbled over a man who was sitting down taking sand out of his shoe. It was Curtis. I went right on, after ex- cusing myself, and didn't think any more about him.  "A little further down the road I went over to the stream, took off my shoes, and dabbled my feet in the water. The place was nearly a hundred yards off the road, and the pool was screened by a grove of young maple trees. I had been there only a few minutes when Curtis appeared. He was terri- bly fussed, but I knew what to do and what to say, so in ten minutes we were talking easily.  "He didn't know who I was, and I didn't tell him. I was out in the coun- ty and I wanted to fit in: to go away from myself.  "So we talked along for some time, and I left him about five o'clock to go back into town. He had told me that he lived in the country to be alone, and I realized that my dream would come true if I could get away. Well, I did get away, and I left him thinking that he had been talking to an angel. It     was a kindness on my part, you would understand that. He had appealed to me, almost more than anyone I had ever known, somehow. And then, too, he hadn't fallen in love with me. Most men did--or thought they did--and said so.  "But I went back to the city. I still remembered the boy on the road, and once I looked for him, but he wasn't there that day.  "It must have been three months later that I met him at the stage door and went off with him in a taxi.  " 'How did you find me?' I asked.  " 'I just happened in town, and went to the theater.'  " 'Isn't it nice? But you didn't know who you were talking to before, did you?'  "'I should say I didn't!'  "He was as shy as a kid, and I saw that he was impressed instead of dis- illusioned. It rather spoiled my dream, though.  " 'Where are you taking me now?' I asked him.  "'To eat and drink.'  " 'I thought that you didn't approve of that sort of thing.'  " 'I drink some.'  "He was no more sophisticated or at ease with me than a school-boy. I saw my game, and began playing it. You see, he had come into the spider's web, and it was his own fault.  " 'But what will people say when they see you with me?' I asked.  " 'I don't know.'  " 'Do you know what a reputation I have?'  " 'No.'  " 'I am supposedly the worst girl in that company.'  " 'Are you?'  " 'Oh, I know how to kiss,' I an- swered, and laughed.  "We dined and drank champagne. The wine went straight to his head as I had done, and in the taxi, going back, he kissed me."  Suzanne stopped talking while the waiter poured her another cup of cof-