WHAT IS ISN'T 15   And Calvert had replied, evasively:  "Yes, that's the point. Why?"  But no sooner were the words ut- tered than he questioned their wisdom. It was not good policy to deceive one's lawyer. Yet how could he tell Wills of his love for Bianca and the pitch to which he had been wrought by her imminent departure for Europe? He had no better, no closer, friend in all New York than Owen. But he had never so much as hinted to him his ro- mantic attachment. Never, probably, had there been a love affair so carefully abd successfully guarded,  He had been fearful, therefore, that, in their eager scenting, some one, at least, of the newspapers might have got wind of his secret. And what he had hardly thought of yesterday at the time began to loom larger and larger as a menacing peril.  Suppose Robert Holland should be interviewed and tell where and under what circumstances he had found Bianca! Suppose the maid by whom he was admitted to the Holland house on Tuesday, or the maid who served tea to them together in Bianca's bou- doir, should be questioned by some abiquitous reporter! But, as no one of these things had happened, he was re- assured.  After all, it was best that he had said nothing. At any moment, now, the real culprit might be detected, and his own release would follow. At the worst it could be only a question of a little while before Wills would get the matter be- fore the Grand Jury, which, because of this lack of motive, would refuse to indict him.  So, altogether, after reading the newspapers, Calvert's spirits rose, Bianca was free and after a year, at most just to satisfy Mrs. Grundy and the conventions, they would be married. It was, everything considered, not such a great price to pay for such a glorious consummation.  Meanwhile, Owen Mills, dark, dap- per, and energetic, with a manner that was both disarming and engaging, had called at the offices of Holland, Delray     &amp; Dallas, and was closeted with the last-named.  He had, of course, announced him- self as representing Calvert, and had explained his mission by the statement that, after examining the diagrams in the newspapers, he had become inter- ested in that middle office, occupied, he understood, by Mr. Delray.  "Primarily that," he added, "though I should like to have, at first hand, an explicit account of precisely what hap- pened. You know yourself, my dear fellow, how inaccurate and inconsistent the papers are."  George Dallas, a youngish man, slightly bald and wearing shell-rimmed glasses which accentuated a high and beetling brow, yielded with charming grace. From a drawer of his desk he took a documental appearing sheaf of typed sheets of legal cap, backed in blue, and pinned together at the top with brass eyelets.  "I have here," he said, "what are practically affidavits, though not yet executed, of everyone who was in the office yesterday before, at, and after the occurrence. That of Manning, our managing clerk, covers most of the ground. The others are more or less confirmatory. Shall I read it or would you prefer to do so yourself?"  Wills said that if Mr. Dallas would be so good he'd be glad to hear him. Whereupon, leisurely and in a pleasant voice, with a clearness of articulation which Wills envied, he began:  "I'll omit the usual opening. The affiant is Frederick Manning, of -- West 106th Street, who has been our managing clerk for five years. He ar- rived at the office yesterday morning at nine o'clock or thereabouts. He goes on:  " 'In the course of the next half hour I had occasion to enter the library. There was no one in it. The doors to Mr. Holland's and Mr. Dallas's offices were open and the offices were unoccu- pied. Mr. Delray's office door was closed and locked from the library side. Not finding in its place the book I wished and seeing no books in the other