WHAT IS ISN'T 37    in something pretty close to penury."  "I should never have thought that of him," Wills rejoined.  "Now that he's out of the way I'll come into my own. And it was the same sort of thing he worked on his wife. Yes, and on that fellow Calvert. They were starving for each other; but he was determined to keep her for him- self. I don't wonder Calvert drove that steel point into his brain. He was forced to it."  "You might have been tempted to do it yourself, eh?"  "Might have been? I was. More than once I was." His manner and tone were almost ferocious. "I don't see now how I kept from it."  "Your better nature, I suppose."  "Probably. Or lack of nerve. It takes nerve, you know, to sneak up on a man from behind and with a hard, swift blow, drive a steel point into his brain. Some nerve! Believe me!"  "I can readily understand that. You've got to be close to insanity to do it."  "I've been close to insanity for more than six months." He drank his third brimming glass of whiskey, neat.  "Would you like to hear about it?"  "I should, indeed," said Wills, "if you don't mind."  His companion, markedly reticent throughout the trial, had become con- trastingly loquacious under the stimu- lus of his libations. He didn't mind. He told his story fluently, with consid- erable elaboration, and not unpictur- esquely; Wills, meanwhile, taking care to keep the narrator's glass filled, and garettes at his hand.  "I married Elliot Holland's young- est sister," he began, "when I was twenty-eight years old. I was a clerk in a shipping office at the time, with nothing but my salary to depend on, and the family disapproved of me for that reason. You know how those rich and fashionable families are. But three years after we were made one, her father died, and she came in for some- thing like a quarter of a million."  It seemed that with that quarter of a     million the pair had a pretty lively time of it. They went around the world. They lived in Paris for a year, and in London for another. Then the wife was killed in a motor-car accident. There were no children. She had not made a will. The bulk of her estate was invested in real property.  Under the law the widower was en- titled to the income from this for life, but, of course, could not touch the prin- cipal. The personal property he soon squandered. He had developed a pas- sion for gambling. Especially for horse-racing. At thirty-eight there was nothing left but the income from the realty. He had attached to himself a beautiful young woman of the half- world, to whom he could deny nothing she asked for.  To provide the required funds he postponed and postponed the payment of mortgage interests, allowed taxes to accumulate, the properties to run down for lack of needed repairs. Tenants refused to renew leases and new ten- ants were not to be had. When fore- closure was threatened he went to El- liot Holland. And Elliot Holland had agreed to advance what was necessary to pay the arrears of taxes and interest, and to put the properties into proper repair. In consideration of this, though, he was to be made trustee. There was nothing for the poor brother-in-law to do but accept. But he wasn't in the least grateful. Holland was not doing it for him. He knew that. He was doing it for himself and the others to whom the realty would eventually re- vert.  "I can't altogether agree with you there," Wills interrupted. "He might have let the mortgages be foreclosed bought it all in at sheriff's sale, and cut you out altogether.  "That would have meant a bigger in- vestment. This way he paid less and accomplished practically the same re- sult. Every dollar that came in he turned back into the properties. En- larged them, remodeled them, kept them always in superfine condition. I got almost nothing. Sometimes less than