40 WHAT IS ISN'T    They made him sit between them on the little white and lavender sofa, bare- ly large enough for three, each clasp- ing one of his hands.  "No, I haven't been lost," he made answer to their chorused question. "I've been completing my labor of love. I thought you might care to know that you may now write 'Finis' to your tale of woe. It required some waiting on my part, but I was repaid. Arrow- smith, his Leda, and I had quite a ses- sion this evening, in their one room. It was nearly eight when they returned, and I had been sentineling the house since before five."  "You don't mean that he confessed?" It was Bianca who asked.  "Everything. Fully. I convinced him that I knew. I outlined just what had happened, and he admitted or cor- rected. When he went back, supposed- ly for an umbrella which didn't exist, he slipped into Delray's office, unlock- ing the door and relocking it on the in- side. He found then--and he consid- ered it great luck--that the key also fitted the connecting door to Holland's room. His evil idea was to strangle. He has very strong hands. But ques- tioned his success. In looking about for something that might serve his pur- pose, he opened the drawers of Del- ray's desk--only two or three were     locked--and at the back of one of them found that file. He said there were two there. I suppose the other is in the drawer yet. Having done what he'd made up his mind to do, he waited in Delray's room until he heard the hue and cry raised, and then slipped out into the library again. Not a soul saw him. Indeed, he got as far as the out- er office. Everybody was in the Hol- land room and with backs turned. All he had to do was go in there, too, and ask what had happened."  "He's been arrested?" Calvert asked. "But of course he has."  Owen Wills shook his head.  "No," he answered. "He gave us the slip and he took Leda with him. I had a warrant in my pocket, you know. He went back of a screen in a corner of the room to get his hat or Leda's wrap or something. At least he said that. But whatever it was, he ap- peared unable to find it, and called for the woman. So she joined him. Neither of them came out again."  "What! There was a window there?" This, too, from Calvert.  "No, old chap. Not a window. A gun. He shot her and then himself, before I could turn round."  "Dead!"  "Both of them. Naturally he wouldn't leave Leda for that millionaire."  The End    THE trouble with women is that the older they grow the more romantic they become, and the more romantic they become the older they look. VIRTUE is woman's ability to put out the small fires which she is con-tinually starting.