86 THE BEANSTALK    JACK (dubiously) How?  THE GIRL I shall, because of you.  JACK Me?  THE GIRL For I have learned why the wings of the swallows beat a tune on the winds for me, and why the night whispered to me. It was for you. It was that I might go to your world, and tell them of you, how wise the waters and the woods had made you--that I might show them what they had not seen-- the clearness of your eyes and the pre- cious strength of your hands.  JACK (leaping up) And I see too what I must do. I shall force my way to those grey coun- cillors, and place your book, with the thoughts the night whispered to you, and the swallows' wings beat out on the winds for you, before their old eyes. And they will not dare not to read. They will not dare. For that is why I have been made strong, and why while I was young I came half-way to live.   THE GIRL (also standing) Then we must part now.  (They are silent before this terrible logic. At last Jack says:)  JACK I cannot. I shall go back to my land with you.  THE GIRL No. When you have met love in the place between two worlds, you may not return to your world.  (This is so very obvious to them that they do not question it, but after an- other moment's silence Jack stoops and picks up the book. As he does so, he noticcs the rim of the leaf.)  JACK There are clouds in the West, but     still the sun scorches the vine. See, the leaf has a yellow edge.  THE GIRL You must climb slowly, and not let the sun beat too hot upon you.  JACK I am glad that the leaves of the vine will shade you. See, they droop a lit- tle, and they will fan you gently as you go down.  THE GIRL Then we shall meet--?  JACK Yes--when the councillors have read your book, and brought a new happi- ness to your world,--  THE GIRL And when your world begs that you return and run again across their hills--  JACK We shall come here again,--  THE GIRL To this place between two worlds.  JACK For that we are strong, we live, and our journeys are not overlong.  THE GIRL And if I am late, will you wait me?  JACK Could I do otherwise here? And will your journey up be overwearying?  THE GIRL Ah, no, for I shall be on my way to you.  (Very solemnly Jack bends to her and kisses her once on the lips. Then he seizes her book, and hands her his staff. They stand a moment in part- ing, silent. Then the girl turns to the downward step of the stairway of leases. She waves him her last fare- well, and disappears about the stalk. As she descends she sings.)