100 THE YEARS AHEAD    dresses now, for the other children were growing too; and Emily wasted much of her sight even on little Ada's clothes. She did not mind. Her chil- dren had so little that she was fiercely proud to give them herself--but it re- mained Marjorie to whom she looked most for repayment.  "When she is my big girl--" she would repeat to herself, old age loom- ing ahead of her as a state of rest, of security, of blessed inaction.  She hoped frankly that Marjorie would not marry. She herself had found little actual happiness in mar- riage. Remembering Olin Scott as he had been at twenty-five, an eager im- petuous lover in white flannels whose wooing had dazzled her into a tremu- lous certainty that happiness lay just ahead; viewing him dispassionately as he was now, honest, well-intentioned, in- effectual, the victim of a world in which he had too much faith; Emily doubted that any marriage could bring happiness to her child; and she craved happiness for Marjorie. That would atone for her own life; for poverty, and for work that had overtaxed her strength, and for deprivation upon senseless depriva- tion. If it must be, let her marry; but Emily was glad when Marjorie seemed not to care for the high school boys about whom her friends chattered, nor to find other company so interesting as her books, that amazing heterogeneous assembly in which "The Wandering Jew," "The Story of an African Farm," "Middlemarch," and Jean Ingelow's poems were the favourites.  Emily was never quite sure whether or not Marjorie enjoyed her girlhood. Contrasting it with her own, she be- lieved Marjorie must be the happier in spite of the unchanging poverty into which dreams ran as into a blind alley. Emily's parents had died when was too small to remember them. There had been no relatives; barely money enough to place her in a colourless, barn-like boarding-school where she spent year after year in sensitive loneliness. It was in the boarding-school that she had met Olin Scott's cousin, and, through     her, Olin Scott himself. Marriage had followed--and deepening poverty--and the increasing faith that she would realize the happiness of life among her children when they were grown and she might rest.  The fear which had visited her some- times in Marjorie's childhood, the chill- ing disbelief of life which engendered an apprehension that there might prove to be disappointment in the child's own nature--a fear induced by that unchild- ish reserve and those unchildish rages-- passed entirely as the girl grew older. Marjorie was fine-fibred and sweet and true, of a most unusual quality--a qual- ity that only her mother's heart appre- ciated, Emily told herself, half-sad and half-proud. She and her daughter be- came all things to one another--above all, they were friends; and in that friendship Emily felt that the fulfil- ment of her dream was at hand.  After all, it was like Marjorie to fall in love swiftly and irrevocably. Real- izing the fact, Emily realized its inevi- tableness, realized that she should have foreseen it: and by a supreme and stern self-mastery, she was even able to be glad in Marjorie's gladness, to believe in the happiness ahead of her child as Marjorie herself believed in it; as she too had believed when Olin Scott whispered in the moonlight of a forgotten autumn.  Circumstances seemed to unite in fa- vouring Marjorie's chances for happi- ness: Jim was strong and big and gen- tle, with an appreciation of Marjorie's fineness of spirit which won Emily's love, and he was able to give Marjorie all those things which her mother had longed she might have during that pov- erty-narrowed girlhood. Emily was even able to face bravely the prospect of living half across the continent from Marjorie.  "We'll send for you every summer," Jim told her tenderly as her own son might have done, "and some day we'll arrange matters so that we shall all be together."  With that joy in prospect, Emily thought of the hard years behind, of