EXEUNT OMNES 139    Take away death and love and you would rob poets of both their liver and their lights; what would remain would be little more than a vacuum. For the business of poetry, remember, is to set up a sweet denial of the harsh facts that confront all of us -- to soothe us in our agonies with emollient words -- in brief, to lie comfortingly. Well, what is the worst curse of life? Answer: the kinetic overstimulation called love. And what is the next worst? Answer: the fear of death. No wonder the poets give so much attention to both! No other foe of human peace and hap- piness is one-half so potent, and hence none other offers such oppor- tunities to poetry, and, in fact, to all art. A sonnet designed to ease the dread of bankruptcy, even if done by a great master, would be banal, for that dread is itself banal, and so is bankruptcy. Consider, now, another great human phobia: the fear of hell. There was a day when it raged in the breast of nearly every man -- and in that day the poets produced antidotes that were very fine poems. But today only the illiterate fear hell, and so there is no more production of sound poetry in that department.  As you may suspect, I tire of read- ing so much necrotic verse in manu- script, and wish heartily that the poets would cease to assault me with it. In prose, curiously enough, one observes a corresponding shortage. True enough, the short story of com- merce shows a good many murders and suicides, and not less than eight times a day I am made privy to the agonies of a widower or widow who, on searching the papers of his wife or her husband immediately after her or his death, discovers that she or he had a lover or a mistress. But I speak of serious prose: not of trade balderdash. Go to any public library and look under "Death: Human" in the card index, and you will be sur- prised to find how few books there are on the subject. Worse, nearly all the few are by psychical re-     searchers who regard death as a mere removal from one world to another or by New Thoughters who appear to believe that it is little more than a sort of illusion. Once, seeking to find out what death was physiologi- cally-- that is, to find out just what happened when a man died -- I put in a solid week without result. There seemed to be nothing whatever on the subject. Finally, after much weari- ness, I found what I was looking for in Dr. George W. Crile's " Man: An Adaptive Mechanism " (Macmillan) -- incidentally, a very solid and original work, much less heard of than it ought to be. Crile said that death was acidosis -- that it was caused by the failure of the organism to maintain the alkalinity necessary to its normal functioning -- and in the absence of any proofs or even argu- ments to the contrary I accepted his notion forthwith and have held to it ever since. I thus think of death as a sort of deleterious fermentation, like that which goes on in a bottle of Chateau Margaux when it becomes corked. Life is a struggle, not against sin, not against the Money Power, not against malicious animal magne- tism, but against hydrogen ions. The healthy man is one in whom those ions, as they are dissociated by cellular activity, are immediately fixed by alkaline bases. The sick man is one in whom the process has begun to lag, with the hydrogen ions getting ahead. The dying man is one in whom it is all over save the charges of fraud.  But here I get into chemical phys- ics, and not only run afoul of the revelation of God, but also reveal, perhaps, a degree of ignorance verg- ing upon intellectual coma. What I started out to do was to call atten- tion to the only full-length and first- rate treatise on death that I have ever encountered or heard of, to wit, "Aspects of Death and Correlated Aspects of Life," by Dr. F. Parkes Weber (Hoeber), a fat, hefty and extremely interesting tome, the fruit of truly stupendous erudition. What