60 THE DAWN    this, she arranged her gold hair; it came to her then how often she had watched her sister doing this, expectant of Howard's coming. Her slim fingers dropped from the coils of her hair, fell on the edge of the table, lay there flexed as she looked musingly into the glass. What a new world had unfold- ed itself to her!  In the old days she used to tease Edith at her toilet; that was ages ago. Then she was a child, wore little dresses that ended just below her knees, and let her hair fly wildly over her shoulders, or wound it into a long tail that flopped against her back as she walked. Her mood became a little melancholy. She almost regretted the old days, the days when she was still a child. It was hard to be grown up.  This feeling passed into one of pride. Her cheeks flushed a little, her blood ran a little faster. A sense of the allure of the days to come entered her mind like a fragrance, like a wine. She raised her hands again and began patting in the angles of her hair. In the glass she met her own eyes and smiled in pleasure at her reflected image.  At last she was ready but now her fear had returned. She stood up, went to the door, hesitated, came back. She wanted to go; she lacked the courage. What would they talk about? What would she say? It seemed impossible for her to talk to him. Her imagina- tion conceived him as an almost fabu- lous being, mysterious, inscrutable.  In vain she tried to reassure herself that she had known him for years, raced with him through the woods, climbed trees faster than she could climb them, caught field mice that he could never catch. Now he was a stranger, another being.  Finally she forced herself to go out- doors and was greatly relieved to dis- cover that the garden was empty. She sat down on an old bench, under a tree.  Half an hour passed. Her mind was almost without thoughts, in a nirvana of formless but delightful dreams.     Someone called her; she looked up; he was there.  He was dressed in a light suit, cut very tight, with slanting pockets, and a jaunty belt to the coat. He wore no hat and his hair was combed back met- iculously and shone with high lights in the sun. His appearance pleased and frightened her. He was so tremen- dously assured; she was so timid.  "Sorry I didn't get back sooner," he said. "The old boy is a slow old per- son. Won't let me let her out at all. Wait till I take you out, Ruth! I'll show you some real driving."  He sat down beside her, crossed his legs, and lighting a cigarette, began to tell her about his experiences at prep school.  His escapades astonished her. She said nothing at all, listened, nodded her head, tried to cover her nervousness with an easy smile. This attentiveness pleased him and he expanded, became still more at ease and talked without pause. He began to speak about the sports at school.  "I didn't get on the team this year-- but I'll make it this coming term."  Her admiration escaped her lips in a naive assuring.  "Oh! I know you will!"  "I think so," he remarked com- placently.  "Of course! I know it!"  A second later she regretted her fer- vor. He met her eyes, saw her admir- ing glances, and with a smile he put out his hand to touch her. His fingers touched her arm, and a curious flush tingled along her skin. She wanted to jump up and run away, but she was powerless to move. He took her hand.  "Little Ruth!" he said, caressingly. The warmth of his tone terrified her.  She arose suddenly.  "What's the matter?" he asked.  "Oh--I . . . honestly I must go in! It's late. I must go in. You'll excuse me. You'll come again . . ."  She broke off abruptly and turning, walked away almost at a run, whilst he remained seated, staring after her in surprise.