REPETITION GENERALE 67    it gets beyond longevity it seeks only the good of common men. To produce better stockbrokers, Congressmen, Knights of Pythias, Sons of the Revo- lution, dollar-a-year patriots, corner grocerymen, labour leaders and other such cocci, it is necessary, of course, to keep them physically well; if they are valuable at all, it is chiefly as physi- cal machines; they serve to reverse and complete the great nitrogen-fixing process of vegetable life. But if it were possible to produce a Chopin with a few doses of tubercle bacilli, even at the cost of killing him at thirty-nine, it would surely be worth while. And if a technique is ever worked out for producing a Beethoven, or even making measurably more likely the produc- tion of a Beethoven, with any other pathogenic organisms, then certainly only idiots will complain if they kill him at fifty-seven.  4  On Young Women's Dress.--The secret of dressing in such wise that the picture shall subtly appeal to men, few young women understand. The true seret--as any man who stops momen- tarily to reflect and analyze will agree -is for the young woman to dress like a poor country girl expensively.  5  Prohibition and the Club.--With the advent of prohibition, the last leg is pulled from under the club. A club, without drinks, is as much an anomaly as a theater without a show. The drink is as much a part of a club, and as essential to it, and as vital to its social prosperity, as is a collar-button to a shirt. What other reason has a civil- ized man for entering a club if not to bump a mug with a crony? Take the mug away and the only men whom you will find in a club are a few imbecile bridge players, a few grafters of free letter paper, and a few men too stingy to buy the Illustrated London News and The Bystander who hang around the library for a look at them.     6  More Tosh.--Much of the gaudy literature now circulated behind the door by birth-controllers is grounded upon the doctrine that it is an intoler- able outrage for a woman to have to submit to motherhood when her private fancies may rather incline to automo- biling, shopping or going to the movies. For this curse the husband is blamed; the whole crime is laid to his swinish selfishness. With the highest respect, Pish! My private suspicion, support- ed by long observation, copious prayer and the most laborious cogitation, is that no woman delights in motherhood so vastly as this woman who theo- retically abhors it. She experiences, in fact, a double delight. On the one hand, there is the caressing of her vanity--a thing enjoyed by every wo- man when she achieves the banality of viable offspring. And on the other hand, there is the fine chance it gives her to play the martyr--a chance that every woman seeks as diligently as a man seeks ease. I am convinced, in- deed, that all these so-called unwilling mothers wallow in their martyrdom, that they revel in the opportunity to be pitied, made much over and envied by other women. And being so convinced, I have sworn myself to the strictest celibacy; there are too many martyrs in the world already.  Sir Arthur and the Ladies of the Round Table--Of all the conspicuous writing men of our time, probably none --for all that has been whispered in awe to the contrary--has understood women so feebly and drawn more ab- surd characters than the dramatist Pinero. The Pinero woman--Iris Bel- lamy, Paula Tanqueray, Mrs. Ebb- smith, Letty Shell, Zoe Blundell, the young Mrs. Renshaw, or any othei such painted seriously--is woman as she is viewed by Bertha M. Clay and the Yale sophomores: a lovely display of fireworks with the band playing