22 WHAT IS ISN'T    justify his desertion of his friend in such an extremity. It was indefensible --egregiously so.  One morning--it was just after the indictment--while in a wheel-chair on the boardwalk, with Marie beside her, Owen Wills, emerging from the throng like a pixy from leafage, stood at her elbow lifting his hat, a pleased, con- gratulatory smile on his lips.  If she could have escaped him she would. But, in taking her thus un- awares, he had made escape save at the expense of crass crudeness im- possible.  "I heard you'd been ill," he said. "I can see no signs of it."  "I hear you've been horrid," Bianca gave him back. "Yet you don't appear ashamed."  "There's a reason," was his rejoin- der.  "Naturally. Satisfactory to yourself, I suppose, though I can hardly conceive even that."  "I think it might even satisfy you, if I were at liberty to share it."  "You're much too credulous."  He shrugged slightly and tossed his sleek dark head. "Let the future an- swer. I can wait."  "You expect to be justified then."  "And exonerated," he added, nod- ding. "By the way, may I call? I've something to ask you. Where are you stopping?"  "I'm not sure that I care to receive you. I can't condone disloyalty."  "I don't ask you to. I shan't. I have something else to ask that is much more important. That is why I am down here."  "Why not ask it now, then? It will save you time."  "It might be overheard. More than that, you may have to put on your thinking cap to answer."  "Is it--?" she began. But he inter- rupted her:  "Of course it is."  "But you don't know what I was going to say."  "Pardon me. I know very well. Out of the fulness of the heart the     mouth speaketh. You think only of one thing these days. I know that."  She gave him then the name of her hotel. "Shall we say five, this after- noon?" she added.  "You are very good," he answered, and putting on his hat was submerged in the crowd once more.  Over the teatable in the parlor of Bianca's suite, that afternoon, with a dark steel-grey sea spreading away be- fore them to where at the misty horizon it seemed-to melt and rise in vapor, mixing with the pale November sky, Owen Wills produced a little red- leather memorandum book and read to her, one after another, five pencilled names.  "Do they mean anything to you?" he asked, as he finished. And Bianca an- swered:  "To the best of my recollection I've never heard but two of them before."  "And they are?"  "Frederick Manning and Stephen Arrowsmith."  "Try to recollect. Didn't your hus- band ever mention Edward Galton?"  "He might have. Who is he?"  "A young man who read law in his office."  "He wouldn't have been likely to. I've seen young men reading there. But they were never presented to me, any of them."  "Not Frank Hippe either? Nor John Tumulty?"  Bianca shook her head.  "Did he ever say anything of Man- ning?"  "He mentioned him at times. Yes."  "Did he seem to like him? Or did he complain of him?"  "I don't recall that he ever com- plained. He wouldn't to me, you know. Or praised, either."  "You know Arrowsmith, I sup- pose?"  "Very slightly. He married a sister of Elliot's. But she died before we were married. I think Elliot was trus- tee of some property she left, and of which Mr. Arrowsmith drew the in- come."