TWO GENTLEMEN OF CARACAS 93    III  Herrara, the governor of the na- tional prison, was extremely annoyed when he learned that his charge of the night before had been returned to him, with an additional burden of equal weight, the son of Jesus Maria Perez also. An orderly told him of the ar- rest and he kicked the fellow liberally for bringing him such unpleasant news.  "Che Cebron!" he exclaimed.  The orderly retreated with an anx- ious precipitation.  "These caudillos!" cried Herrara, in the privacy of his office. "They keep a man's soul in perpetual tor- ment! Here I have both the precious devils of their sons in keeping. And God knows how they'll look at me for having done my duty!"  The only thing he could do was tele- phone the two parents immediately. He talked to them with many respectful phrases.  Perez was the more amiable, which was natural. He felt that his boy, af- ter all, had had some justification. He laughed when Herrara gave him the news and asked him to be good enough to release both the young men at once. Then he called Ruiz Valdivieso  The Secretary, a more excitable man than his friend, was considerably per- turbed. He had heard all the details of the attack and was angry at the vic- iousness with which Cesar Perez had mauled and pummeled his son. It seemed to him highly unnecessary, un- provoked, brutal--and he remembered the refusal of the young man to speak to him the night before.  He pulled nervously at his ponderous jet moustache and certain half-thought suspicions came into his mind and em- bittered his outlook, like an unexpected and sinister shadow falling across his footsteps. He had no faults, he had no confidence, he suspected all men; suppose Perez, the Gobernador, were not the open, sincere man he seemed! Even one of his position might be capa- ble of petty treachery!  However, he concealed his irritations     when Perez talked to him. The Gober- nador was actually jovial; his sentences came over the wire between the punc- tuations of his heavy laugh. Scowling, drawing down his jetty brows, Ruiz Valdivieso could imagine the man as he held the instrument in his hand-- the fat, yellow face smiling obscenely, the paunchy belly shaking with his mirth. He had an extreme difficulty in keeping the phrases of his answers within a required suavity.  "Well, Ruiz," said Perez, "we thought we had settled the whole affair between us last night--but we reck- oned without our boys. I suppose it's better anyhow, eh? They've worked out their own justice and now we can feel more easy."  It was necessary to agree, but when the Secretary returned the receiver to its hook, his irritation was shown in the savage and abrupt click of the instru- ment.  When his son appeared, however, he showed no softness, no amelioration of his temper, no leniency. He glared at the young man with a ferocity that was easy to one of his ardent nature. He demanded to know if the boy, through a continued exercise of his imbecile folly, desired to ruin him, to break all his important connections, to drive him into a tangle of inextricable difficul- ties.  Julio was frightened and impressed, and his private plans for a swift re- venge were for the time overshadowed by the vigour of his father's words. He determined to wait, to bide a more pro- pitious occasion.  At this point the regrettable affair might have settled down into a state of indefinite suspension, had it not been for an ironic act of young Cesar Perez.  When the guards had pulled him from the prostrate and howling form of Julio, a little of his adversary's thick hair had come away in his hands. On the way to the jail he had thrust this trophy into his pocket. Finding it there a few days later, he was immensely de- lighted; he took an acute pleasure in turning the dozen or two threads be-