18 WHAT IS ISN'T    as did also his close-lipped mouth. But he would hardly consider him danger- ous. His forte, very evidently, was de- tail.  At Mr. Dallas's request Manning took from a pocket a key and opened the door to the scene of the tragedy. The office was half again as large as Mr. Dallas's. The flat-top desk of polished mahogany stood slant-wise on the right. The chair behind it faced the entrance diagonally. Its back was close to the door connecting with Mr. Delray's room.  Wills walked over and turned the knob of this door.  "It is locked," Mr. Dallas volun- teered. "Has been locked since mid- summer."  "And the key?"  "Manning has it."  As Wills was about to go, he said:  "What is your personal theory of the affair? Or haven't you any?"  The junior member hesitated.  "To me, of course," he answered presently, "it seems too terrible to be true. Yet the conclusion is obvious. Only one man could have done it. The man who was last in this room with him. Ah, there is, I recall now, in the statement of each of the three young men who sat in the library a vital point which you probably do not know. Un- til your client entered this room the door was open. He closed it when he entered and he closed it after him when he left."  "In the absence of motive," returned Wills, "that has little weight. He probably expected to be railed at, and, possibly, to have some 'sharp words' hurled after him."  "But there's a most impelling mo- tive," Mr. Dallas rejoined. "If he's been frank with you, you must know it. He was carrying on an affaire with his victim's wife. Mr. Holland had dis- covered it. It was to separate them that he was about to take Mrs. Holland abroad."  Owen Wills flushed angrily.  "That," he said sharply, "is an infer- nal fabrication. And we will prove it."     Mr. Dallas smiled.  "And we will prove that Calvert went red-handed from here to keep an as- signation with her."  CHAPTER VI  Despite the ministrations of the effi- cient Marie, Bianca Holland had slept but lightly; and so sleeping had been harassed by disturbing dreams from which, repeatedly, she started starkly awake. In all of them, Elliot, her hus- band, vigorously alive, was at grips with Lee Calvert. Usually he was cho- king him. In one--the most terrify: ing--he had slain him, and, wringing her hands in an insufferable frenzy of woe, she knelt beside his mangled and distorted cadaver, beseeching him to speak.  Daylight found her on the verge of nervous collapse. And Marie, taking matters in her own hands, because she feared a refusal should she ask permis- sion, telephoned indirectly for Dr. Van- derslice. That is to say she called up Bianca's most intimate friend, Mrs. "Stanny" Rhysdael, and besought her to halve the responsibility. Which she promptly did. But at the same time, her tone one of condolent anxiety, she added: "I'm coming straight down to see her."  A woman without a confidante is an anomaly. Women's sorrows are light- ened and their joys are heightened, it seems, by sharing. No matter how in- clined to discretion there is almost in- variably one of their own sex in whose sympathetic keeping they entrust their secrets. And, while Calvert would have lost a limb rather than hint his ro- mance to his closest friend, Bianca Hol- land had, from the very first, discussed every phase of it with Sarah Rhysdael.  It was not yet nine o'clock--an un- conscionable hour for any smart wom- an to be abroad--when Sarah, without so much as tapping, burst into Bianca's chamber and, with a little cry of greet- ing, flew to her bedside and precipi- tately flung herself upon her.  "Oh, you poor, poor dear!" she mur-