110 AUNT IDA    for dinner, then, or the theater, but as Andrew found that it cost a good deal more than twice as much to support one than two, there was not much money for luxuries.  Other nights, they were invited to dinners or parties given by relatives or friends of Ethyl, stupid parties, usually, with poorly prepared food, too many people who laughed at nothing and all spoke at once, dancing, a talking ma- chine that ground out endless songs. Some evenings they spent at home, reading or talking, though, when some- one didn't drop in. Ethyl fell asleep along about eight.  Ethyl was not a good cook. She had been busy down town before marriage, and her mother, who didn't like to cook either, had said "Ethyl will learn like we all do, when the time comes." So Ethyl was learning now, using An- drew's money for experiments and the results were not all he hoped for.  But Ethyl was still soft and cozy and fragrant, though Andrew was not as thrilled over the perfume she used as he had been. It was expensive, for one thing, and, for another, she used too much of it. Her nightgowns always smelled of it and so did her hair and even the rooms.  But the worst thing about being mar- ried was Ethyl's relatives. Andrew rather liked Ethyl's mother when he grew used to her, though she always talked too loud, used too much per- fume of a grade inferior to that used by her daughter, and insisted on calling him "son." She went with them, occa- sionally, to the theater and laughed so heartily at the jokes that people turned around to look at her. And, too, she had an annoying manner of putting her arm around him, with heavy affection.  Ethyl's father was the least objec- tional relative Ethyl had. He used cheap tobacco and would smoke only his own, leaving the apartment reek- ing with it hours after his departure. But aside from that he was inoffensive, talking little, though he breathed rather heavily and had an habitual cough.  The other relatives--Andrew shud-     dered when he thought of them. They would troop in at all hours when they were least expected or wanted--pretty cousins with languid or affectionate suitors, for tea on Sunday afternoons, aunts dropping in for dinner, uncles coming over on Sunday mornings to borrow things. Ethyl's Aunt Mary was a disagreeable woman with a pert way of making decisions--but Andrew's abomination was Aunt Ida.  Aunt Ida was a widow, who lived alone with one son, Joe, a fat, lazy fel- low, Andrew thought him. Aunt Ida's most unpleasant characteristic, to An- drew, was a habit of asking questions. She'd ask questions about anything, everything, sometimes going on with another question without waiting for an answer, sometimes repeating her question, two or three times, each time in a shriller, more impatient voice.  Aunt Ida, too, would handle things, nervously, picking up the books on the living room table, little packages be- longing to someone else, small orna- ments. She would finger things, put them back, take them up again. She wore, always, several bead chains that clinked together unpleasantly when she moved or shrugged her shoulders, which she did frequently, or when she fingered them, which she did nearly al- ways when she had nothing else in her hands. Altogether, Andrew found Aunt Ida impossible.  Andrew spoke to Ethyl about her relatives, especially about Aunt Ida. Ethyl sulked a little, but promised to "see about it." After all, she pointed out, she couldn't tell her own people not to come to see her, could she?  IV  As time passed, Andrew found life growing more and more unpleasant. Disillusion came fast. Instead of the wicked person he had surmised, even perhaps hoped Ethyl to be, she settled down into commonplace mediocrity. She was heavy, stupid, dull, unimagina- tive. Of course--sometimes Andrew thought that the real Ethyl was far dif-