68 REPETITION GENERALE    Bach's Grand Mass in B minor. From first to last, rarely does one of these seriously presented portraits reveal a flash of observation or penetration above the third melodramatic grade. Taken in bulk, they are merely so many suave Laura Jean Libbeys, so many stock company actresses dramatized, so many puppets of the family story paper manipulated by a man who adeptly con- ceals his ignorance of women in his knowledge of English composition. Pinero, at bottom, is a cynical senti- mentalist; and a cynical sentimentalist is one of God's drollest toys. A fine dramaturgist, Sir Arthur remains to the end of his days, save in a few frank farces, a distinctly second-rate drama- tist.  8  Human Progress.--All the old stand- ards are wobbled, flouted, conditioned. The world embraces a dizzy transvalu- ation of values. The next social phenomenon, perhaps, will be the ap- pearance of the hyphenated virgin.  9  The Fireside Hero.--No matter how great the sacrifices a man makes for his women-folk, they always regard him as a selfish fellow, and cherish the theory that it would be easily possible to im- prove him. This is because the essen- tial interests of man and woman are eternally antithetical. A man may yield over and over again, but in the long run he must occasionally look out for himself--and it is these occasions that his women-folk remember. The typical domestic situation shows a woman try- ing to induce a man to do something that he doesn't want to do, or to re- frain from something that he does want to do. This is true in his bachelor days, when his mother or his sister is his antagonist. It is pre-eminently true just before his marriage, when the girl who has marked him down is hard at the colossal job of overcoming his re- luctance. And after marriage it is so true that there is hardly need to state it.     One of the things every man dis- covers to his disquiet is that his wife, after the first play-acting is over, re- gards him essentially as his mother used to regard him--that is, as a self- worshipper who needs to be policed and an idiot who needs to be protected. The notion that women admire their men-folks is pure moonshine. The most they ever achieve in that direction is to pity them. When a woman genuinely loves a man it is a sign that she regards him much as a healthy man regards a one-armed and epileptic soldier.  10  The Dead Hand.--Whatever his body of acquired ideas, a man's race constantly and inevitably betrays him; he cannot escape the dead hand. The Pole, Joseph Conrad, has been an Eng- lishman politically since early man- hood; he served for years in the thor- oughly English and un-Polish post of ship captain; he is today the greatest glory of English literature. But he re- mains a Pole from head to foot, and, what is more, all of the characters in his books are Poles. Who could be more typically Polish in every way than Lord Jim? Ostensibly he is a young Englishman, but his every reac- tion is unmistakably Slavic; he is, at his great moments, almost a character out of a Russia novel. In the case of Captain MacWhirr, Conrad came very near creating an authentic Britisher, but at the last moment his hand trembled and the man began to show plain Slavic traces. The lesser Con- rad characters -- for example, the Swede of "Victory," the German of "Falk" and the Englishman of "Chance"--are all full of Slavic, and especially Polish, qualities. Even the Nigger of the Narcissus, in his great patient silence, is essentially a Slav.  11  Confessional.--That life often imi- tates the drama was accepted as a platitude long before Mr. John Palmer, elaborating upon Oscar Wilde, set