26 WHAT IS ISN'T    soundingly and a clerk was crying- "Take your seats or the courtroom will be cleared!"  As Bianca sank into the capacious armchair on the elevation of the wit- ness stand one could have heard a pin drop. With a black-gloved hand she lifted her veil from her face, sweeping it back over her shoulder. Her face was marble white in its sable setting and calm as a nun's. Owen Wills noted that she had dropped her gaze to her hands, which she folded in her lap.  The District Attorney, stepping close, waited while she was sworn. This formality ended, he put to her the no less formal questions as to her name, her residence, and her relation- ship to the victim of the crime it was his duty to probe.  "Give me the date, please, of your marriage."  Bianca gave it.  "You were married four years then, lacking about a month, when you were widowed?"  "Yes."  Her examiner paused, thoughtfully, for several seconds, his eyes turned to a window across the courtroom, through which a grey sky was visible. Then, turning, he said abruptly:  "You know the prisoner at the bar?"  "I do," Bianca answered, her poise undisturbed.  "How long have you known him?"  "Two years."  "How well have you known him?"  In spite of her a faint color crept into the whiteness of her face.  "Very well. He is the best friend I have."  "Your husband was fond of him, too?"  "My husband scarcely knew him."  The District Attorney smiled.  "You mean by that, I assume, that Mr. Holland was not fond of him. 'To know him is to love him.' But not knowing him your husband couldn't love him. Was he indifferent to him?"  Marvin Lilligore objected. The District Attorney was drawing con- clusions unwarranted by the witness's     answers. He asked that his assump- tion be stricken out. And the Court so ruled.  The District Attorney bowed. Then he asked again:  "Was your husband indifferent to him?"  "My husband disliked him," Bianca answered.  "Why?"  "He thought that Mr. Calvert was supplanting him in my affections. That was how he put it."  "In plain English, he was jealous. Isn't that so?"  "Yes."  "You were unhappy with your hus- band ?"  "Yes."  "How long had you been unhappy with him?"  Bianca's eyes dropped to her gloved  hands again. "From the day I mar- ried him," she answered, so low that the jury couldn't hear it and the court stenographer was asked to read it from his notes.  "But you were about to go abroad with him ?"  "Yes."  "The prisoner knew that?"  "Yes."  "What did he say about it?"  "I don't remember his words."  "Try."  "He wished me to get out of going if possible. Either that or consent to his following us."  "When did he ask that?"  "I don't remember."  "Was it more than once?"  "It was several times. Whenever we met."  "Wasn't the last time on the after- noon prior to the murder?"  For the first time since taking the witness stand Bianca's control of her vision eluded her. Her regard slipped like a bird between the wires of its cage and darted to a meeting that she had willed to deny it. It met that of the man she loved and hovered there, ca- ressing and caressed.  Calvert, as perfectly composed as in