84 THE BEANSTALK    JACK We are half way between the worlds.  THE GIRL I know.  JACK And when a boy and a girl meet half- way between the worlds, they love.   THE GIRL (nodding) For that is what love is.  JACK (rising gallantly) Won't you sit down?  THE GIRL (stepping down on the leaf) Thank you. I will. (She gladly puts down the book, and sits on it beside him.)  JACK I am not surprised somehow to meet you here.  THE GIRL If I had not thought that I might chance upon you here, I should not have dared to leave my world.  JACK To dare to leave your world, that is to come half-way to love.  THE GIRL (suddenly) Poor boy, it was harder for you. You had to come up the beanstalk.  JACK (manfully) Pooh--I am not tired.  THE GIRL Such a long way.  (They lean over the edge of the leaf and gaze down.)  JACK How far away it is. And how small the houses are. I never knew before-- I never saw it until from this high dis- tant place--how small a place my own     town was, and how wide the world spreads out beyond it.  THE GIRL That is where you lived?  JACK There, where the poplar trees give way a little. And there the road winds past the mill. And there's the grave- yard; from here it is as level as the square we dances in. That white straight line across the hills is the great highway. Even from here we cannot see its ending.  THE GIRL But I am content now not to see any further.  JACK And is your world like that one also?  THE GIRL We too have squares to dance in, and graveyards and long white highways that lead away across the hills.  JACK (with a new alarm) Surely it cannot be the same as mine.  THE GIRL (sadly) It looks as though it were--but I am quite sure it is not. There is no one like you there.   JACK Ah no--there is no other world like that. There could not be.  THE GIRL (suddenly) Why did you come away?  JACK I can run. I can run swifter than any lad on our countryside. And I would run in the morning--outrun them all in the morning. Swift over hills--swift through the bracken--till, there in the breast of the hills where a pool is, I'd stand for an instant, strip bare and then--and then, then as the first rays of dawn hit the water, I'd