112 AUNT IDA    to escort her home, "just a step, you know," five long city blocks--and Aunt Ida usually chose a rainy day for her visits. "Listen here," said Andrew one eve- ning after he returned from Aunt Ida's, "this has got to stop. I've stood for a lot. I won't stand for this any more. You get me--I never want to see Aunt Ida again--or hear her name! Cry if you want to. That's my last word."  Ethyl did cry, but she didn't know what to do about it. She had never seen Andrew quite so angry. Raised in the midst of her people, she thought it rather pleasant to have so many aunts and cousins, to be one of such, a jolly circle. But, in a vague way, she saw Andrew's point of view. The next day she spoke to her mother about it.  "Men are funny creatures," offered her mother, with the wisdom of twenty- five years of married life. "You've got to humor them. I hate to hurt Ida's feelings--she's a good soul, though she is kind of fidgetty. You leave it to me. I'll tell Ida that Andrew ain't well, that she'd better not go to see you, while he's home, for a while. Then, if she don't come in while he's home he'll be all right. You can be careful not to mention her name to him. Men are queer about likes and dislikes. You can go to see Ida once in a while, in the daytime. That'll keep her from feel- ing bad and straighten things out."  So--Aunt Ida was blotted out of the life of Andrew. He never saw her again. Ethyl, in her little recountings of daily activities, saw that they were free from the mention of this despised relative.  V  Things should have gone smoothly, Aunt Ida out of the way, but they didn't. Andrew grew cranky over trifles. Life was not shaping itself as he had hoped. Once more, he started suspecting Ethyl of small deceits, asking questions which he thought skilful, to ferret out her actions of the day. When he found that Ethyl's life was quite above sus-     picion, he grew more and more annoyed.  He wasn't saving money, though he had had several raises. This worried him. Ethyl's cooking did not improve, her gravies had a layer of grease on the top of them, her biscuits were heavy and tasted of baking powder, she preferred small packages of delicates- sen meats and salads to the big roasts and joints that had been the pieces de resistance of his mother's meals in Piedmont.  Ethyl's conversation, too, grew more stupid, tiresome. It was wholly taken up with telling what had happened dur- ing the day, the old friend she had met on Fifth Avenue, what Cousin Helen had bought for the new baby. This-- was this life?  Andrew grew a bit pale. He grew more and more suspicious, though he knew too well how groundless his sus- picions were. He got to leaving the silk company half an hour before his usual time in order to call for Ethyl at the place where she had said she was going to spend the afternoon, a friend's or a cousin's or the matinee. That he nearly always met her or that Ethyl always produced a plausible alibi only made Andrew a little more sullen.  Ethyl, too, was a bit disappointed in the joys of matrimony. Before mar- riage, Andrew had seemed so jolly and friendly. She had thought that mar- riage would mean a good time and add- ing a pleasant husband to the little gath- erings of the clan, like Cousin Ruth's husband, Billy. Why, Billy could play the violin--even rag on it--he was the life of the party when they all met on Sunday afternoons or Saturday nights. They were all awfully fond of him. Andrew--why Andrew was ridiculous. It was all right, a couple going only with each other before marriage, but now--why, more and more, Andrew was trying to take her away from her own people. His friends--stupid folks from small towns, who thought New York a kind of a circus!  But, Ethyl resented most of all An- drew's attitude toward her Aunt Ida. It seemed so narrow, childish, obstin-