She Hud to Play the Lead 57 "I want to talk it over with your daughter first," he said. "Let's go for a walk, Miss Rita. I want your ideas on it." "Surely," said Mr. Duval, but feeling less confident than he seemed to be. Then he turned to Nell, "You take a walk with Rita and Mr. Green." "I'm going to star Rita, not her mother," said the guest, smiling at the elder woman. "I want a little talk with your daughter first." The look the twain gave to the girl plainly told her that if she betrayed them she would suffer. But Mary Gray was not of the soft, easily-welded metal they supposed. When she and Green were clear of the house on a little knoll among the pines, where was a rustic bench, she knew she was free at last from eavesdropping. She was white- faced as she turned to speak. "This must go no further," she said. "What mustn't?" he demanded. "This farce," she said. "I'm not Rita Duval. My name is Mary Gray and I'm being forced to play this part in or- der to get your money. I don't know what they'll do to me, but I can't go through with this." "Tell me the whole thing," he com- manded. When she had finished he put his arm protectingly about her. It was a ten- der, sympathetic action. "Poor little girl," he said. "I haven't always lived as I might have done, and there are episodes in my life I wouldn't want to talk about, but I felt certain you were not what you pretended to be. Cheer up, Mary Gray. I'll think out a way to score on that hound Steve." "I'm afraid of him," she said, look- ing up appealingly. "I've dealt with worse than that kind," he returned. "I'm going to get you out of this, and I'm going to get you a real job so that you can pay Mrs. O'Ryan and not go home to the Judge. Sam, prying on them as best he might, returned to tell his cronies that things were progressing finely. He had seen Green's arm go about the girl and had noted she did not shrink from him. This promise sent Mary's spirits up and she lost the look of fear. Never had the man seen so attractive a girl. He amazed her presently by speaking of the real Rita Duval. "I knew you were a fraud," he said, "because I happen to know her chief camera man and met him at Chicago two days ago. Rita was on the same train headed for Hollywood. I saw her." "Why didn't you say so?" she de- manded. "I thought it would be interesting to find out just how far those precious scoundrels would go." "What will you do?" she demanded. There was still the fear of Steve the ruthless, of the strong-armed smiling Nell and the sullen, vindictive pugilist. "See how far they go," he replied. "If they think they will get a cent of Rufus Green's millions, they'll be mis- taken." "They are dangerous," she said. "Suppose they hurt you." "You are right," he said a little som- brely. "They are very dangerous. I can see that, and if they suspect you and me, it might get uncomfortable, espe- cially as they probably suppose I carry a pretty big roll with me. I'll tell you what we must do to be safe." "What?" she asked with interest. "Be quite friendly and give the im- pression that you liked those love let- ters I'm supposed to have sent you?" "Didn't you send them?" she queried. "But not to you, alas," he answered. "You mustn't mind if I take your arm. It will please them." "You think so?" she said doubtfully. It would never do to let him think the idea was not a bit displeasing to her. 