70 "Till Death Us Do Part" May: Was he there when--; no. no. he couldn't have been, he couldn't have been! Granny: What's that? May: Where's Jim now? Granny: I reckon he's waiting on you at the foot of the falls. Come, May, hit's time for the marriage. May: Granny, I'm afraid--I'm afraid! (Her knees give way, she sinks trembling into a chair.) Granny: I've heard of brides took like this at the last minute, but I didn't think you was one of them foolish kind, May. (From the distance sounds a scream followed by excited voices.) Granny : Listen! What's that? May: Oh, God! (She buries her face in her hands with a moan.) Granny: Something's happened! Wait here, May! (She hurries out through the house- door. Voices are heard nearing. May rises and crosses toward the house-door, but courage and strength fail her. Mas- tered by terror she collapses into a chair by the door. Granny hurries in, dis- tressed.) Granny: May, May--a man's killed, killed on your wedding-day! Hit's bad luck, hit's a bad omen! May: Who--who--? Granny : Of all men hit's Lem Hamilton! He fell over the falls right down in front of all the wedding-party! He smashed his head on a rock. He was killed! May: Lem's killed--murdered! (She sways back and forth, moan- ing.) Granny : Hit was an accident! He fell over the falls. He must have been coming back for the wedding, and hearing the folks down below he must have leaned over the falls and slipped. God help us, he fell over the falls right in front of all the wedding-party! He smashed his head on a rock. He was killed! May : (Rising with the strength of sudden fury.) Where's Jim? (Jim Raxter enters at the house- door.) Granny : May's all upset over this terrible acci- dent! Poor Lem! Hit's a bad omen-- better put off the wedding! Raxter: Putting off a wedding's bad luck. Lem was nothing to May or me. We'll be married just the same. What do you say, sweetie? (May regards the stolid man with amazement, uncertain; their eyes do battle.) Granny: A man's days are numbered, but God knows Lem Hamilton must have come back to these parts to do the right thing by the Creasman girl, for there was two railroad tickets to Greenville in his pocket. May: Two tickets? (She turns to the suit-case, throws it open and searches with nervous haste 