28 Love in the Jungle there, I'd clean them up, I can tell you; they and all the rest of these cursed blacks." His voice had all the repres- sion of bitterness in it. "Fine mess the Turks made of me. It would have been better if they'd done for me." Rhoda turned toward him, her fine face alive with compassion. "I wouldn't say that if I were you," she said softly. "Never to be good for anything again! They've patched me up, shrapnel and all. The mater doesn't know--thinks I'll be all right again in a little while. No more polo, no tennis--oh, I tell you it's hell to be half dead when your life is only beginning." He clenched his fists passionately, his handsome, boyish face haggard with agony. "I think perhaps we all have to suf- fer," she answered in a low voice. Townsend glanced at her eagerly. She, too, was very young, but her eyes were deep with understanding. Some- thing in her very frailness disarmed the boy's pride; he resented the world's pity, but this girl--he should not mind if she were to be a little sorry for him. "Who'd look at a chap like me now?" he demanded harshly. "Not twenty-five yet and the whole thing over--life-- work--love. I'm not grouching; I've done my bit, but when I see a girl like you and know no woman will ever care for me now, I just about go mad." "Don't talk like that," said Rhoda, looking into the boy's appealing face. "I am sure if anyone loved you she'd care all the more because you needed her a little, and she'd remember what you had done and be awfully proud of you." "Could you feel like that for a man?" he asked eagerly. "Yes," she answered quietly, "if I cared." And unconsciously her thoughts flew to Goring and her lips curved softly. Perhaps the boy misinterpreted the tenderness of her expression, perhaps it was only the words of hope she had spoken to him, but he straightened in his chair, his despondency giving way to a new look of courage. "What bricks some of you women are!" he said. "You've made me see things altogether differently. By Jove, I'm glad you've come." Mrs. Townsend, coming into the room, smiled swiftly on Rhoda, her mother heart in her eyes. "You've cheered my boy already," she said, lay- ing a gentle hand on her son's fair hair. "I see, Larry, you know Miss Waler; I am sure you'll be great chums. Now I must carry you off, dear, to get ready for dinner. Then early to bed; Mr. Goring insists that you rest." "Damn Goring!" said the Captain as Rhoda left the room. XT "I shall send you my ayah." said Mrs. Townsend as she switched on the dressing-table lights and turned the punkah on full. "She'll wait outside the door. If you need her, call her. You will find a whole closet full of Bes- sie's things; she's just about your size, dear; take any and everything you re- quire. The panne walla has just brought your bath. We dine at half after eight, or whenever you are ready." Rhoda sank into a boudoir chair; she felt hardly able to stand. "Perhaps you would rather have some tea and a bite sent in to you?" Mrs. Townsend inquired. "I will be ready in half an hour," Rhoda said, smiling bravely. She could see that Mrs. Townsend would be dis- appointed if she failed to join them. "Hokigan is quite efficient," said the Englishwoman, and then with a dem- onstrativeness rather foreign to her, bent over and kissed the girl's cheek. "Larry seemed so glad to have you 