The Last Job 103 abruptly, with that decisive air she knew there was no denying: "Come on--might as well eat decent- ly! . . . And don't forget that dream may be coming true!" This time Kitty McAlister, though she gave in, did no joyous humming! ***** Kitty clung to him desperately as he placed her in a taxi, after dinner, be- fore going over to finish his last job. He always was this way; starting out for a place fully three or four hours before he intended robbing it. He boasted--and justly--that he was prac- tically impossible to trail. Neverthe- less, the woman who loved him felt an odd, insistent sense of tragedy. True, she was as a rule nervous when he had been about his work--but never like this. Something seemed to be drilling and drilling it into her that disaster would again come tonight! . . . The thought of waiting in the little apartment, alone, was too much to bear. One of Broadway's blazing signs, standing out above the others and her- alding some movie star that always promised excitement, caught her eye. Stopping the machine, she sprang out and hurriedly procured a ticket. Per- haps it would make her forget; not exactly forget, of course, but help to pass the time. She stayed somewhat less than five minutes. The picture, ironically, hap- pened to be a detective and cracksman affair--the latter bound to get the worst of it. She felt a chill go through her, and walked swiftly, blindly, when she got out into the air. She telephoned the two friends she possessed whom she could rely on in a crisis--and both were out. She looked in shop windows, but she ac- tually saw nothing but a blur--a blur that had behind it, always, a ghastly picture of Jim, in stripes. And finally, though she dreaded the apartment in solitude, she dreaded more this aimless wandering. So she got into another taxi and went home. . . . Kitty had known it would not be necessarily easy there--but she had not known to what an extent she would suffer. Every article of furniture, every insignificant little object, remind- er her of Jim. Still that idea drilled through her--drilled and drilled. Something would happen tonight-- and that something was disaster. She tried to calm herself, she assured her- self that it was nerves alone--but it did no good. That silent, insistent voice kept whispering that he was in grave danger. . . . She stood it for an hour, for two hours--and then, when she felt that she would go ut- terly mad, she acted! Hastily she entered her bedroom and took a long, simple black coat from the closet. Donning this, she stuck a small turban on her head and pinned on a heavyish veil. Then, for the first time since she had owned it, she got the first present Jim had ever given her from an almost forgotten box--a small, intricately silver-chased pistol. Slip- ping the thing into her pocket, she hurried from the apartment. . . . Kitty McAlister made record time. To be exact, in an hour and twelve minutes she was at the Weiner house on the outskirts of Montclair. What is more, she had covered her trail in a manner that she believed would have been worthy of Jim. Too, she shortly discovered the window by which he had entered, and she was not long in following suit. Inside the darkened room she stood for a moment listening intently. No sound came to her, and she groped her way toward an outlet. Once in the hallway she again listened--and still nothing came to her. Cautiously she climbed a flight of stairs--and then her heart gave a great leap! 