18 Love in the Jungle his eves and wiped his sweat-beaded forehead. "Goring left some Gurkas here, you say--four to guard the bungalow. My God, I've been dreaming of the fight we'd have, those little chaps and me against the junglies--but you must take them, they'll guard you till you get to Goring. He'll see you safe into Tashi; I'll wire Mrs. Townsend you're coming; she'll be good to you. Now go hurry and dress yourself. You'll have to ride my pony--there's nothing but a kutcha road. You'll find an old riding habit in the bottom of the almirah in your room. Put it on--it was your mother's." He half shoved the girl toward the door. She clung to him. "Father, you will come, too," she pleaded. "You are sending me away with your only means of protection. You'll be here all alone." "Nonsense," he said, "they'll steer clear enough of the bungalow when they know Sam Waler's inside with his pop gun. Go now, I'll be easier in my mind when you're out of this cursed hole and if I'm here they'll not follow you." Rhoda felt the purdah drop behind her. In the bottom of the almirah she found the old riding habit, moth-eaten and faded. She slipped into it with trembling hands, then picking up the bag she had scarcely unpacked, hurried back to her father. He was just leading up a gray Bhutia pony in front of the bungalow. His gaunt face was drawn with anxiety. "Gawan was't there, though I'd swear I saw that confounded syce skulking behind the well," he muttered. At sight of Rhoda an almost tender line curved his thin lips. "You've brought your mother back to me," he said slowly "I thought I'd forgotten her years ago." "Father, dear," the girl said solemn- ly, "promise me you will come away with me when this trouble is over. Promise me you'll come home." He lifted her into the saddle. "Yes," he answered, "if it comes out all right, I'll go home." She leaned toward him; for a moment her soft cheek lay against his. Then he led her along the garden path through the compound. "Hold on tight and go slow," he said. "Don't be nervous." At the rickety gate a little Gurka sergeant advanced smartly to the salute. Waler gave his orders crisply. "Achcha sabi," the Gurka replied, his beady Chinese eyes snapping. "And if harm comes to the mem- sahib," Waler ended, "Goring sahib will have the life of each and every one of you. Go now and go swiftly." The Gurka saluted, clicked his heels and shouted for his men. They came silently, little brown men in khaki; they formed themselves into a bodyguard, two on each side of Rhoda's horse. "Good-bye, my girl," said Waler. "God bless you," and he looked away toward the lifting gray behind the hills in the east. Sobs choked Rhoda. She felt the pony being led away and looking back through her tears, tried in vain to wave a last good-bye to the lank, wasted fig- ure watching her go under the fading stars. For a long while Waler stood looking after the girl until the curve of the nullah shut her from sight. He sighed heavily--she would be safe; the jungle would hide her, the Gurkas protect her, Goring see her safely to Tashi. How like her mother she was with her blue eyes and pale gold hair--she brought back to him the blue skies of Massa- chusetts and the sea breeze, stirring the lilacs and apple blossoms in Spring. Perhaps she was right and it was not too late after all; she would lead him back to the old life. The light of 