Lonely Heart 87 the huge muscles of his forearm grow taut. "Ericsson!" I half whispered, sinking into my seat. The next moment he was smiling, his dirty pipe clamped between his teeth. "I like New York," he said jovially. "Lots of nice people." "But man!" I persisted, "she was in trouble!" He grinned. "I like New York," he repeated. "Lots of nice people." Sud- denly he leaned across the table to me. His blue eyes burned again. But they were honest. "If she is in trouble," I heard him say, "You can't help her; no- body can!" There was something fierce in his tone. "And you'll show me around Shad- well?" I began lamely. He nodded. "There's nothing to see--but dirt. I'll take you though. Not tonight." He looked behind him. "You better go. Come back tomorrow." "I'll find you here?" I asked as I rose. He grinned and got up. "Sure." And I left the reeking place. But I could not leave the memory of that pale face, of those eyes; of the tall blond Swede with his strange actions. They haunted me and would not go away. Who was that girl in the dark door- way? Why had she stood there a mo- ment, looking at me in appeal? Who was Yan Ericsson, the big Viking who spoke such good English? Why did he force me back into my chair when I at- tempted to follow her? What was she to him--if anything? I didn't know. But I wanted to know. II As I left Olaf Bjorn's I looked at my watch. It was ten-thirty. Too early to end my evening--but what could I do? I did not particularly relish wan- dering blindly in Shadwell, for it did not appeal to me as a place to wander in. Every black alley mouth held a nameless terror, every doorway masked a lurking marauder. Why was I so nervous? Why did I start and look be- hind me at every sound? And of what was I afraid? Of nothing human; of something that crouched back of an in- visible veil of the supernatural, that could not be hurt by earthly blows or invention. Have you ever been afraid of--something? It was not cold, but I drew my coat around me and hurried down the street, past the alleys where now and then the shadow of a child threw itself against the hideous mouth. I shunned them as if they were lepers. Their smiles were so strangely cold. Not the smile of a normal child. Then I heard someone scream. I wonder if you have ever heard a girl scream in the night? It is bad enough anywhere--but in Shadwell! I don't think I shall ever forget it. I of- ten wake from a peaceful slumber now and hear the echo of that scream. "You're taking your life in your own hands ..." I forgot the warning. I only heard that awful cry. It chilled me. My heart almost stopped beating. Yes, I was afraid--for who wouldn't be? But someone was in trouble, perhaps one of those pale little girls I had passed in the throats of those alleys, perhaps-- The noise came from the black open- ing on my right. I could see nothing, only a blot of sickly light in the farthest recess. The light was not from a door- way, for it fell in ghostly wash over something that looked like the outlines of an entrance. It probably spilled from some window in the upper story. Hesitating no longer, I entered the alley. Its vague, damp walls choked me, but I determined to find the source of that scream. If I found it I didn't 