The Comet and the Star 109 Collinge felt that he was behaving like a boor. "Miss Lloyd, please for- give me! I'm not belittling your work, but I think I loved selling automobiles quite as much as driving them." Neva Lloyd had tact. "It's the shak- ing down process that bothers you. In a short time petty annoyances will seem unimportant. The motion picture drama embraces such a wide field; we reach so many millions who cannot af- ford the regular theatre; we can teach so many lessons and we can bring joy into so many lives. I try to think of that part of my work, Mr. Collinge, when I get discouraged with its trivial side." He saw what she wanted him to see and instinctively he straightened up. Her few words reconciled him to his new profession as Hyams' flatteries and Elsie's prophecies had not done. That night when he and Elsie were dining at the Biltmore he tried to tell her how he now felt about his work. Elsie, however, was calculating the cost of the sable stole draped across the shoulders of the woman at the next table and she missed most of his speech. But she caught the end and she stared at him incredulously. "Tom, you're a scream! You and Neva Lloyd reform- ing the world through the movies!" She threw back her head and laughed shrilly. "I wish you wouldn't take everything as a joke, Elsie," Collinge complained. "And I wish you wouldn't take your- self so seriously," she retorted. "You ought to be wild with joy. You're get- ting a huge sum for two pictures and when you finish these you can demand double or get someone to put you at the head of your own company." "I'm afraid I've made a mistake. All this money isn't getting us anywhere." "It's buying us pretty good dinners." "I used to enjoy spaghetti at Oli- vetti's just as much. None of the old crowd come here." Elsie shook her head despairingly. "Have you no ambition?" "Yes, for the things that count. I'm not blaming you, I was tempted and it seemed like easy money, but I wish to God I had my old job back!" A look of fear swept over Elsie's face. "But you can't give up now!" she said quickly. "I know it. I'll have to keep my contract for these two pictures at least." Elsie took courage from that admis- sion. The pictures would stretch over six or eight months and by that time Tom would be so accustomed to luxury that he would not dream of going back to comparative poverty. There were other days, of course, when he took pleasure in the fact that he could spend money freely. He was naturally conservative for he had been brought up in a frugal household, but he had a generous heart and he gave in to most of Elsie's extravagant de- mands. After a time, however, he decided it would be necessary to call a halt. The bills that came in were of alarming pro- portions. Elsie had insisted upon their giving up their five room flat and taking a suite at an apartment hotel down town. He had protested at first, but in the end had given in as usual. One morning he looked up from a sheaf of bills as Elsie came into the living room where breakfast was being served. He frowned as he saw that she was wearing an elaborate negligee of black Chantilly lace over flesh colored Georgette Crepe. "See here, girlie, I'm not a Chaplin, you know, and the bills this month are staggerers. We've got to pull up a bit," he said. Elsie seated herself and dug into her slice of Honey Dew melon. "You should worry! Tom, you've got an 