92 Lonely Heart I think I have seen your Lonely Heart --and tonight! Rather a singular coin- cidence. I happened to be down on East India Dock, and as I passed one of the shipping schooners, a fair-sized craft, I saw a man and a girl. It seemed rather strange to take a girl aboard one of those vessels, but even at that I wouldn't have paid them any spe- cial notice if she hadn't seemed reluc- tant to accompany him. I wasn't sure at the time, but now I am positive that her hands were bound. She looked back over her shoulder and in a sort of hazy way I saw her face. It had the expression of a captured animal. I be- lieve she started to speak. I passed on, giving it very little more thought. But her face haunted me. I had proceeded only a short distance when I thought I heard a scream. I stopped for a sec- and, but hearing no repetition decided I was mistaken. I'd be willing to swear now that it your Lonely Heart and her master." "Do you remember the name of the boat?" "Fortunately; it was the Wilhelmina. . . . Hello, I believe we're here." He thrust open the door and jumped out before the car came to a standstill. I followed close at his heels. "Wait till we return," he instructed the chauffeur, pushing a banknote into his hand. Misty darkness brooded over the squatty, dark buildings of East India Dock. A stillness broken only by the shrilling of a river boat pervaded the air. From where we were I could see the outline of the river front. I walked close to Braithwaite's side. His head was bent forward slightly, his keen eyes scrutinizing the semi-darkness before him. Suddenly he stopped. "Damnation!" burst from his lips. "There's no need to go any further. Her mooring-place is vacant. I can see from here. There's just one more chance. Come on, we're going to Olaf Bjora's!" "Why to Olaf Bjorn's?" I asked as we were once more deposited in the limousine. "You'll see," he snapped. "I've been a big ass. I should have gone back when I heard that scream. This last chance is based only on a sudden thought of mine." It seemed years before the car drew up before the Swedish beer-house. In- structing the chauffeur to wait, we en- tered the stuffy place with its sawdust covered floor. The usual motley crowd was there--drinking that unspeakable beer. Braithwaite sought out the slov- enly blond waiter whom I had seen on the preceding night and asked for Erics- son. "Upstairs," came the surly reply. "Come on," my companion flung over his shoulder as he hurried from the room. Up a pair of creaking stairs I followed him into a musty hall. He pushed open a door just above the landing. Yan Ericsson was sitting be- fore a table, his pipe between his teeth, his yellow hair more tousled than ever. He looked up surprised as we en- tered. "Ericsson," Braithwaite snapped, "you're the damndest fool I ever knew!" The big Swede got up. He didn't know whether to smile or frown. "What do you mean?" "I mean that even a boy of fifteen wouldn't let his girl be taken away from him and sold like a piece of cattle!" An angry snarl curled the big blond's lips. "It's a lie!" he screamed. He start- ed to make a leap, but Braithwaite whipped out his pistol. "No you don't. Sit down!" The Swede never moved. "Sit down!" my friend repeated. Ericsson obeyed in a surly manner. 