Limbering Up Ebenezer By Harry Irving Shumway ONCE a man there was, a fat man, strange to say, who just loved to have money around him. He didn't have the first nickel he ever made because he swapped it for a dime with another kid; he told the other kid that the nickel was bigger than the dime and therefore must be worth lots more. This Ebenezer went from boyhood to manhood and only one person had ever seen him spend anything. But how could this trusting observer know that it was a lead nickel that the tightwad was springing on a slot machine for chocolate? Shortly after he had got so used to walking in long pants that his gait had little or no suggestion of the spring halt, he began to look around for a cheap wife. Sad to say, most of the girls in his town cared for candy. Many of them had been known to express a de- sire to attend dances. Flowers he wasn't afraid of; was not the wayside unprofitably gay with the choicest blooms that any girl could wish? It was a long still-hunt and many times he lost the scent and had to go back and pick up the long, long trail all over again. But he had the tenacity of a coon hound. If there was an inexpensive wife in embryo or any other place, he would bring her to earth. So one day he espied one who had all the earmarks of a girl who might become passionate- ly fond of a calico wrapper. She fitted into the landscape, which was mostly of granite. "Do you really like water to drink?" asked the Ebenezer, as he watched her sipping from the tin dipper at the well. "I love it. It is the only drink in the world," she answered, smiling. "What beautiful teeth you have! I'll bet you never eat candy; otherwise those pearls would not shine so." "I loathe it," replied the one made to order. "What is that gown you have on, cal- ico or gingham?" he inquired, his hands trembling like those of one reaching for a blind man's cup. "Neither. It is a cotton print. Don't you love it?" The Ebenezer had to dig his finger- nails into the palms of his hands to keep from yelling "Hallelujah." He plucked a spray of goldenrod from the roadside and presented it to her. "Oh, how sweet! Thank you." "Wait here," breathed the pecuniary Lothario. He skipped first and second, and went right into high speed, headed in the general direction of the Town Hall. As he passed the half-mile post he remembered that the Congregational minister owed him two bucks. The Ebenezer had been raised an Episcopa- lian, but two bucks are two bucks and the knot would be tied by the Congre- gationalist. As he breezed abaft the three-quarter post, breathing a bit but compression one hundred per cent, he recalled that he had something coming from a brake- man on the P. &amp; R. The P. &amp; R. was only a branch road, boasting of a pano- rama of stock-yards, rolling mills and much swamp. But what place has 37 