The Sting of Victory 63 have you! You're wanted for counter- feiting!' "He threw up his hands without any hesitation. ‘But,' says he, ‘you're all wrong, McManner; you've got the wrong man.' " ‘We'll see about that,' says I, and turns him over, handcuffed, to the proud town constable. Well, I got a couple young fellows that were in the restaurant to go along as witnesses, and went down cellar to get the molds and stuff. "By George, they weren't there! We looked and we looked, and spent nearly three hours going over the basement, the restaurant and the third floor of that building, but not a solitary thing could we find. Then we searched all the of- fices on the second floor, and finally went around and looked up the lodging- places of the other three Greeks. Everything was as innocent as a new- born babe. "It was about half-past three by that time, and I felt like a fool. I dragged myself back to the restaurant, where the sleepy cbnstable was still holding Popi- klos, and let him release the Greek. What else could I do? I thanked the stars Nellie wasn't there to see the cli- max. " ‘Very well, Johnny, my boy,' says I, when I got back to my room, ‘you've lost the case, but you've got the finest wife in Lawrence County by it. We'll just take the bride-to-be down to Wash- ington and make a clean breast of it to the chief.' "So next morning I hunted up Nellie, bright and early, and ‘Nellie,' says I, ‘sweetheart, we'll just run over to Washington tonight and get the knot tied. It looks as though it were all over here on this case. Something went wrong.' " ‘If you mean it's all over for you,' says she, ‘you guessed right, for I'll have nothing to do with men that run around with false faces breaking an honest girl's heart with their sham good looks, and then try to take the bread out of her mouth by having her em- ployer hung for his patriotism.' " ‘Patriotism,' says I, ‘the man's a counterfeiter, Nellie.' " ‘He is not,' said Nellie. ‘He told me he was making medals for our sol- diers in the Spanish War, and I'd soon- er believe him than a false villain like yourself.' McManner sighed deeply, and looked again at the brunette on the other side of the cafe. "What became of Nellie?" I asked. "She married Popiklos," said Mc- Manner, sadly. Do You Know? By Arthur Bowie Chrisman MARRIAGES are made in Heaven, So the young declare; Yes, Marriages are made in Heaven-- Only knows just where. 