34 Love in the Jungle The joyous, eager look had left Gor- ing's face. "You must congratulate me, too," Rhoda went on, viciously tearing a rose bud to pieces. He had made her suffer --perhaps in turn she would hurt him. "I am engaged to Captain Townsend." "No!" he cried sharply. He took a step toward her as if his towering bulk might overwhelm her into a denial. Rage seized him for a moment--it had meant nothing to her after all. She had let him kiss her lightly as pretty girls sometimes do; he had held her in his arms close against his heart and the dreams he had dreamed were all lies. What did his advancement mean to him now? She was going to marry another. The home and position he had gloated over because he could have given them to her, what did it amount to, after all? "Good-bye, Miss Waler," he said at last, breaking the strained silence as the bruised petals of the flower fluttered to his feet. "I shall not go up to the bun- galow just now; I'll pay my respects to Mrs. Townsend later. I hope you will be very happy." His voice was not quite steady. "I know he will be if you love him." He held out his hand to her, but she trembled so she could not touch his fingers. He looked down at her sharply. How dark the shadows were under her blue eyes! For a moment the desire to take her in his arms, to feel again the sweet- ness of her close against his heart, stirred the man's every sense; but she did not love him--she was going to marry Townsend. In honor he was bound to go away and leave her, not to see her any more. He would refuse the new appoint- ment. It would be madness for him to try and live in the same station with her; he cared too much, he would al- ways care. He would apply for a trans- fer to another post where climatic con- ditions made for frequent vacancies. "I shall say good-bye again, Miss Waler," he said. "I shall not see you again. I am leaving Tashi directly." "But," faltered Rhoda, "I thought you were to be the Political Agent here." "I shall not accept," he answered. "Why?" she asked. She could not be blind now, nor harden herself com- pletely to the suffering in his eyes. "Because I love you," he answered in a low voice. "I could not tell you that before. I had nothing to offer you-- and I cannot tell you now. I have been a conceited fool. Good-bye," and he turned away from her. Above her head a hawk circled grace- fully. There was a roaring in the girl's ears. Out on the road she could hear a motor stop again before the gates of the compound. Instinctively she reached out her hands; it had all been a ghastly mistake--he cared after all--nothing else mattered. "Don't go!" she breathed, but so softly that he scarcely heard. He turned to her. "You mean--" he cried, his voice trembling. She lifted her face to his. "I love you," she said simply. "I loved you from the first--but I did not think you --liked me." "Didn't like you!" he cried, crushing her hands in his. "I have been so sick," the girl went on, "and they were all so good to me; I should have died if it hadn't been for his mother. I suppose it was weak of me, but I couldn't say ‘no' and I was sure you had forgotten me." "My girl, my poor little girl," he said, holding her hungrily against his breast. He lifted her face and looked into her eyes. "You believe now that I have not forgotten you--that I care?" and he kissed her on the lips. There was a step behind them on the 