58 She Had to Play the Lead "Surest thing you know," he cried enthusiastically. "Don't turn around but I can see your fake father and mother coming through some trees. If you want to disarm suspicion don't make a scene when I do this." "But I didn't say you could kiss me," she cried. "It was the only thing to do under the circumstances," he said smiling down at her in a way that set her heart beating faster. "Oh, you young people!" exclaimed Nell, cheerily, a minute later. Steve was enchanted at the readiness with which Rufus Green agreed to his proposition after lunch. It was all right, said the amorous financier. He had long admired Rita Duval and a quarter of a million he had cleaned up on silver recently could be devoted to no better investment. Tomorrow he would put the deal through. "Champagne," said Steve loudly, "Sam bring in a magnum. We've got to drink to success." It was an hilarious meal. Rufus Green was smiling constantly. All his sombre reserve had fallen from him. Steve had yet a very difficult corner to negotiate. It was well enough to have Rufus Green declare he would invest but the difficulty was to have the invest- ment made in a way he, Steve, could profit by. To go to New York and talk to Green's lawyer was no part of Steve's plan. There wasn't a chance that such a scheme would go by undetected. Steve wanted a nice certified check. In order to get it he had long ago determined to sacrifice Mary Gray if the thing became necessary. That Green was behaving well now was no criterion that he would continue to do so. Steve concluded that Green was drinking next to nothing because he was between two "periodic souses" as he explained to Nell. "From what I hear, when he breaks out he's a holy terror. That's why I'm keeping whisky away from him until we know where we stand." "Suppose he don't come across?" asked Nell who, when she could not un-. derstand a man, was afraid of him. "His roll would choke a hippopota- mus," Steve smiled. "He ain't had much chance to spend it here. What'n 'ell's that?" he demanded as there was the imperious tooting of an automobile horn outside. "Sam must have left the gates open," Nell frowned, as the ex-prize fighter hurried quickly to the door. When Sam came back to the room his face was contorted with rage. He looked at Mary and the capitalist so wrapped in one another's society that they had heard nothing of the machine on the gravelled drive outside. "I'd like to announce," said Sam loudly, "Mr. Rufus Green." Mary, glancing up now with as much eagerness as the others, saw a big, burly man flushed of face and slightly sway- ing as he leaned against the lintel of the door. It was a red-haired man with a heavy, freckled, sensual face. He had eyes for none but Rita and came to- ward her with outstretched arms. As she shrank back the first Mr. Green, fists clenched, rose to his feet. The two men glared at one another. Every mo- ment Mary feared they would spring at one another's throat. "What's this?" Steve cried. "That's the real Green," Sam said pointing to the last comer, "and the other feller's a fake." "Who's a fake?" the red headed giant demanded angrily. "I am," said the other man. "They thought I was you. Until I'd seen you I thought it was a joke. Now I think it's an insult." "You did, did you?" said Steve, his thin lips like a gash in his pale face. 