Send the Coupon -Well send you a Lachnite No.7A1410 This solid gold soli-taire is the most pop-lar ladies' ring in the world. Beautifully fin-ished. the essence of good taste. Setting is a flashing Lachnite Gem weighing about 1 carat. Price $18.75 Deposit 4.75 Monthly 2.50 No. 7A1504 This solid gold ring is shaped and finished by hand. No finer or more fashionable ring could be made. It is set with a brilliant Lachnite Gem weighing about 2/3 carat. Price $18.75 Deposit 4.75 Monthly. 2.50 SEND NO MONEY. Just send us your name and address and we will send you, prepaid, on approval, a genuine Lachnite Gem mounted in a solid gold ring. Wear it ten full days. These sparkling gems have the eternal fire of diamonds. Their brilliance and hardness are guaranteed forever. We wish you to select a ring from this advertisement and wear it 10 full days at our expense. Then, if you can tell it from a diamond, send it back. 100,000 people are now wearing brilliant Lachnite Gems. These people have proved they could not tell Lachnites from diamonds. Pay As You Wish When the ring comes just make the first small deposit ($4.75) with the postman. This is only a deposit. It is not a payment. The money is still yours. Put the ring on your finger and wear it everywhere you go for 10 full days. Then, if you decide to keep it, pay the balance at the rate of $2.50 a month without interest. But if, during the trial, you decide to send the Lachnite back, your deposit will be refunded instantly. You run no risk. Send the Coupon! Don't send us a penny. Just put your name and address in the coupon. Write the number of the ring. Be sure to send us your finger size. Cut a strip of paper that will just meet around the middle knuckle of your ring finger. Be sure to send this strip. Send the coupon now for a Lachnite on 10 days' free trial. Act AT ONCE! Harold Lachman Company 12 North Michigan Avenue Dept. 1793- Chicago, ILL. Harold Lachman Co. 12 North Michigan Avenue Dept 1793 Chicago Ill. Send me, prepaid, Ladies' Men's Ring on ten days' free trial. When it comes I will deposit $4.75 with the Postman. After ten days I will either return the ring or send you $2.50 a month until the balance has been paid. Total cost to me, $18.75. If I return the ring you will refund the $4.75 Immediately. I en-close my finger size. Name .......... Address ....... 