Lonely Heart 95 Yes! A dark blur, long and vague, lay to the starboard. "The searchlight!" roared Braith- waite. Like a sinuous finger the light broke through the veil touching the dark blur. I could see the sails unfurled, boom and mast straight and clearly defined. "Can you make out the name?" I inquired. Borne upward on the crest of a wave, we hung there a second and plunged nose down into the trough. The little craft trembled at the force of the im- pact, reeled, then righted herself. The Swede had lost his balance, but clung to the rail, his eyes following the trail of light. "Yes!" burst from his lips, "the-- Wilhelmina!" "How can we ever make it?" I screamed, hanging to the slippery rail. "We've got to!" came back to me, then: "Stop . . . in the King's name!" Something guttural floated back across the water. ". . . In the King's name! . . . Alongsides! Quick, dammit, quick!" Only a few yards separated us. We were in the trough--no! We seemed suspended in the air over the black ex- panse, then down . . . down. Good God!" someone screamed. I braced myself for what was coming. "Every man for his own!" Only Providence saved us from being driven hard against the side of the ves- sel and hurled without mercy into the sea, whose fangs seemed drawn to de- vour every living thing. The day of miracles is not gone; we swept along- side, the rope ladder dangling near us. Several sailors grabbed the mooring lines. "Hold! Hold!" I shouted. And they held! God! I do not know how they did! Ericsson had clutched the rope ladder, the muscles of his big arms bulging, and with the leap of every wave we crashed against the side of the schooner. No human force could di- vert the madness of that sea. "Up on deck!" Braithwaite yelled. "Every man for the ladder! She won't last long!" I saw the engineer swing out on the mooring lines. Braithwaite shoved me toward the ladder and before I could move or protest I was lifted up and found myself clambering over the rail of the deck. Looking backward I saw the men swinging for the ropes, Braith- waite and Ericsson holding off the little boat. "Quick!" I screamed. "Come up!" I saw Braithwaite cast a glance at the Swede, then the former made a leap from his position to the ladder. The police boat was swept out from under them and they hung above the black water. Ericsson was the first aboard. He fell exhausted on the wet deck. I pulled Braithwaite over. There was blood on his hands. "Close shave!" he muttered, smiling queerly. A group of sailors were clustered about us. Suddenly Ericsson got to his feet. His shirt was torn from his body, his big chest and arms exposed in all their physical power. "Damn you, Sigurd Vannis!" he hissed. A big fellow in the group around us stepped forward. "You stole my girl!" continued Ericsson. "You lied to me!" The man Vannis laughed. "What do you mean?" he asked. Ericsson laughed this time. "Clelia is aboard this ship!" he roared. "Don't tell me she isn't!" Just as Sigurd Vannis was about to make a denial, I saw a shadowy form slip up from the bulkhead. Even in the darkness I could tell it was a girl. Ericsson saw, too. "Liar!" he flung at Vannis and made a rush. 