Love in the Jungle 13 ing picture in her dark blue kimono,her fair hair smoothed back from her fore- head in sleep-tossed little curls. "Remember, if you need me, I'm not very far away," he said, coming back toward her and holding out his hand. "I am very glad to have met you, Miss Waler." Rhoda's cold little fingers slipped into his warm clasp. "Good-bye, Mr. Gor- ing," she said in a low voice. Goring was suddenly conscious of the absurdity of these formalities. He knew with absolute certainty that he would not be able to shake off the spell of this girl's troubled blue eyes. It was not easy to go away and leave her--she was so young, so helpless, so sweetly pretty, and the first white woman he had seen in weeks. Then a stern sense of duty crushed down the vain dreams the sight of Rhoda had awakened. Women could have no place in his life; he was a wanderer, an adventurer--a man who drifted into wild places and did reckless things. It would be differ- ent were there any immediate hopes of his being made a Political Agent; then there would be a pucca home and posi- tion for his wife, now there was noth- ing to it but for him to say good-bye and try to forget her. "Promise me," he said, compromising with his own anxiety, "that you will not remain here after tomorrow." "Why do you all want me to go away from here?" she cried, fighting back her tears. "My father is the only person I have to care for in all the world; I have come so far to be with him. It seems cruel that you won't let me stay." For one wild moment Goring longed to snatch her up in his arms and carry her off with him, away from her drunken and depraved father, out of this house of danger and shame. "There are many reasons why you should not be here," he said sternly. "The jungly trouble is not the only one. Please believe me, I am not intruding, but mean it for your good." "I am sure you do," said Rhoda hope- lessly, "but you are troubling yourself too much about me." "We few white people in India," he answered, "are bound together by a bond of brotherhood closer than you can realize. And a girl like you com- ing here, so sweet and fresh, is some- thing very rare and precious--we must guard you most tenderly." There was something so fine, so gen- tle in the tone that Rhoda gazed at him, admiration kindling in her eyes. Here was a man a woman could look up to and adore. Perhaps he read the thoughts reflect- ed on her expressive little face for something of her own emotion leaped within him. How fine she was and how game-- what a plucky little fighter she was! The impulse to gather her slender body in his arms and dry her tears with kisses nearly mastered Goring. He pulled him- self together with an effort; this was neither the time nor the place to add to her problems. "Good-bye again, Miss Waler," he said. "I hope to see you some time soon in Tashi." "Good-bye and thank you," Rhoda said faintly and watched him as he went out of the bungalow and the screen door banged behind him. Then she threw herself into a chair by the table and sobbed bitterly. His coming and going away had left her more alone and desolate than ever. Suddenly her fingers fell on something cold and hard; she started shudderingly and looking down saw she had touched the revolver Goring had given her. For a full moment she stared at it fearfully and then unaccountably caught it up and pressing it to her lips, kissed it passionately. 