Lonely Heart 93 "Now you listen to me. I oughtn't to do it, but I'm going to help you save your girl. I don't know any of the cir- cumstances, but from what Lombard told me and from what I imagine, I think you're either a badly fooled per- son or the damndest cad in London! What is the name of the girl you were telling me about not long ago?" "Clelia," he replied. Braithwaite looked at me with a smile. "That's what I thought, and you al- lowed her to be bartered off by her father to some scum of the sea to be taken away on his vessel--" "I did not!" Ericsson cried savagely. "He won her by rights!" "What do you mean, ‘won her by rights'?" I questioned. The Swede's eyes fell to the floor. He did not speak for a few seconds. "One night I was gambling with Sig- urd Vannis and a few of my other friends. We drank a lot, too much beer. I can't remember exactly how it happened. I lost a lot of money, all I had, and Sigurd suggested that I put up my girl against his pile. It made me mad at first, but he said he had seen her and he loved her and he wanted to marry her. He said cards would be a good way to settle the matter. I was drunk and I agreed. We flayed to see whether he or I would make Clelia his wife. He won. . . . The next night I told her that we mustn't see each other any more. I was ashamed to tell her the reason. I avoided her, thinking that if she was to marry--" "But this fellow didn't intend to marry her!" I cut in. He looked at me sharply. "What do you mean?" he asked. "I mean that Sigurd, your friend, bought her from her father to take with him on his voyage." "But Sigurd is my friend!" "Nevertheless, Sigurd deceived you!" I said. "How do you know this?" he ques- tioned, still doubtful. "Because," said Braithwaite, "I saw him taking her aboard the schooner!" His blue eyes were like needles. "But what can we do?" he said help- lessly. "I'll telephone and have one of the police boats meet us at the nearest moorings," said Braithwaite. "I'm go- ing to do what I can for you. It's al- most madness, but we'll follow the schooner Wilhelmina!" IV The Thames was shrouded in an evil mist. Occasionally a smudge of light drifted past us on the remote bank. I stood in the bow of the little cutter, Braithwaite and the Swede, Ericsson, beside me. The latter stood staring over the bow, his head thrown back, the wind waving his long yellow hair. I could see his big fists. They were clinched. "This is the maddest thing I've ever done," Braithwaite said to me. "It's risking our lives, too, for God alone knows how far out the schooner is by now. However, I think it will be inter- esting to get the fellow Vannis. I can find out the father of the girl and begin cleaning up that child-bargaining that's been going on so long in Shadwell." I shivered. The cruel wind whipped against my cheeks, cut sharply through my clothing to the bare skin. The men beside me looked as though they were suspended in the mist. Ahead there was nothing but darkness--a darkness that seemed more horrible than the cor- ridors of sudden Death--and behind the monotonous throbbing of the motor. From the rear came the sudden clamour of bells. I could hear the water churn- ing. "Launch on the starboard, sir!" someone behind me shouted. The cut- 