54 The Monolith Hotel Mystery to his home, down in Hell's Kitchen, forced my way in when he had gone to sleep, knocked him out after a fight, found the jewels hidden in the bed and, when Pietro saw I had the goods, he came across. The Wop had spotted the dame, just as I figured it, slipped into her room when he thought she was at the theatre, and, when she came back unexpectedly, shot her down, pocketed the jewels and walked out. All of which goes to prove that these men now under arrest are innocent and told the exact truth when they were questioned." "Now, Jimmy, where does Sherlock Holmes get off?" gloated Halloran. "Hasn't the boy here got it all over him?" "The most marvelous piece of brain work I ever heard of," was the Inspec- tor's reply. "Forget what I said a while ago, Captain. Do we want him at Head- quarters? I'll say we do. Young man, there's a great future for you in this department. Shake!" V That same evening, after dusk, one of the benches in Central Park was oc- cupied by a couple apparently much in- terested in each other. The young man was talking, the girl listening. "And then the Inspector took me in to see the Chief," the speaker went on, "and the Chief said all kinds of nice things. Made me a lieutenant of detec- tives on the spot. It's wonderful, but-- Nora--I hated to do what I did. Never could have done it, only you made me promise. But all the time I wanted to tell them that the credit didn't belong to me, but to Nora Riley." "Don't be stupid, Neil," retorted the girl. "I didn't do anything bright. Just played in luck. It was luck that I hap- pened to be maid on that floor in the hotel; it was luck that I made a hit with that poor, lonely woman and that she showed me her jewels and talked about them. Then, more luck, you and I hap- pened to drop into that dance, and when I saw a girl wearing one of Mrs. John- son's gems, why, I just gave you the tip, and the hard work that followed was all done by my Neil." "But it wasn't fair for me to take the credit," protested Mooney. "Why not? You and I are going to be one, and what helps you, helps me. The only way to get ahead in this world is to make people think you are smart. If you'd done as you wanted to, and told the Inspector that accident had been re- sponsible for the solution of this crime, he would have mumbled thanks and left you to yarn away your life as a harness bull. But look what my way has accom- plished. You're famous overnight, and in a position to do something and be somebody." "But I'm afraid," confessed Mooney. "They're sending me to Headquarters to associate as an equal with a crowd of big, worthwhile men. How can I ever expect to make good ?" The girl bent over and patted her sweetheart on the shoulder. "See here, Neil," she said gently, "what did these 'big men' do on the Monolith mystery? I'll tell you: The District Attorney fussed, the Chief fumed, the Inspector barked out orders, and a score of frightened detectives ran around in circles. Perhaps it isn't modest to say it, but the whole bunch were out- classed by one little Irish chambermaid and one big Irish policeman. I'm not afraid you'll fall down, dear. You've got the brains, they'll give you the chance, and you're bound to make good." "With you to help me, Nora," replied the young man, a 3 he put his arm about her, "with you to advise, I'm sure I'll be a captain some day." "Captain, nothing," responded the girl laughingly. "The stars tell me I will be Mrs. Inspector Mooney before I am an old. old woman." 