The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong 111 about their clothes. Breaking down un- der our questioning he said that he had found the money in the hallway close to the door at the time he had passed the office a third time and discovered it dark. He was a poor man, he said, with a wife and family to support. He had at first intended turning the money in to Grady, his superior, but later decided to keep it, hiding it until the hue and cry which was certain to follow its loss had blown over, when he would bank it a small amount at a time. There was nothing for me to do but hold William Murphy for the murder of Levi Jones. He confessed. Yet after he had admitted to the kill- ing of Levi Jones I felt that he was a liar even though his confession as I had written it and with his rambling signa- ture at the end lay before me. The pieces refused to dovetail together. Although policemen refuse to admit that there is such a thing as the "Third Degree," seldom is a confession secured without using some method which would not stand the limelight of publicity. The newspaper boys know it and wink at it. It is necessary and, in some form or an- other, is used the world over. It is part of the price the criminal pays for his war against society. I used the "Third Degree" on William Murphy. A glance at his peculiar complexion and the nervous twitching of his facial muscles showed that he was a "dope." The presence of a small quantity of cocaine in his pocket substantiated the fact. It was nearly morning when we ar- rested Murphy. He had been working all night. Naturally, he was tired and sleepy. For the remainder of that day and half of the following night Moore, Dugan, Miles and myself took turns keeping him awake. We questioned him constantly and from a thousand angles. He refused to tell a different story than the one he had given us at first--that of finding the money in the hallway. On the table before his weary eyes we laid a big package of "dope." At fre- quent intervals we brought into the room other "snowbirds." We gave them free rein to the "snow." The joyous light that overspread their features as they sniffed the poison was enough to break a stronger will than that of William Murphy. He finally gave up. I read to him the confession as I had reconstructed the crime. According to my deductions Jones had gone to his office to work. He had opened the safe and was in his private office when Mur- phy entered to do the cleaning. In front of Jones was a package of bills he was counting. The paper cutter lay before him. Naturally he thought noth- ing of seeing Murphy--a man who was in the office daily--busied about his duties. Working up to a point close to the money lender, Murphy had suddenly leaped forward, seized the old man by the throat with one hand and with the other plunged the knife into his breast. Even if there had been an outcry, no one would have heard it at that time of night and on that deserted floor. Re- calling the stories he had heard of the folly of leaving finger-prints, he had hastily wiped off the knife-handle and the safe dial with his dust cloth--after looting the safe--and hurried back to his work, springing the lock on the door after him. This was the crime as I reconstructed it and the confession in substance that Murphy signed. He repudiated it next day at the pre- liminary hearing, upon the advice of his attorney. And I, despite the fact that he had confessed to me, felt that the confession was a falsehood. For there was one weak spot in the whole affair. Tompkins stuck to his assertion that 