The Phantom Check 21 the unbelievable fact that teller number one was again short, this time in the sum of one thousand dollars! A hurried meeting of the bank direc- tors convened at nine o'clock the next morning in the office of President Wines. With them met Thomas Ector, the cashier, who quickly unfolded the inexplicable series of robberies to which the bank had been subjected in the past three days. "Do I understand that all the losses have occurred in Hackett's cage?" one of the directors inquired. The cashier nodded. "How do we know, then," the direc- tor asked bluntly, "that he didn't take the money?" "Hackett has been with us twelve years," Wines, the President, answered, "and is one of our most reliable men." "Even at that," the director insisted, "he ought to be investigated: quietly, of course." "I have already done so," Wines as- sured him. "I put Hayes, the Bankers' Association detective, on that job im- mediately. He has failed to uncover anything in Hackett's doings that offer even a suggestion that he's guilty. Per- sonally, I am confident that he is above reproach." "Then we're up against a mighty clever swindler," another director growled, "and we've got to oppose him with someone just as clever or shut up shop. This thing's bound to leak out among our customers, and then it's 'good night' to us." "What do you suggest," Wines in- quired. "Why, get a new detective on the job, a detective with brains, too. I assume Hayes hasn't accomplished anything from what you say." "He has done as much as a man with his limited experience could be expected to do," the President assured him. "I quite agree with you, Mr. Koontz, that we need a man who has had dealings with the shrewdest criminals and who knows where to look for a thing of this sort. If the Board are of the same mind, I'll wire Pinkerton's at once to send us their best man." The Board were of a mind with Di- rector Koontz, and in a few minutes a Macedonian cry was speeding over the wires to the Pinkerton Agency at Chi- cago. II It was Thursday morning, and the message reached the Chicago office just as Dan Cheever entered the room to inquire what assignment awaited him. The chief tore open the yellow envelope and read the message, then turned to eye the detective. "Ever been in Wallula, Dan?" he asked shortly. "Why Wallula, chief ?" the detective countered. "Because that's where your bill of lading will land you," the other grunted. "Some outsider is declaring dividends on a bank of that city by the sea, and the stockholders are jealous. I haven't one of the office boys loose," he chuck- led, "so I nominate you." "Thanks, chief," Cheever said dryly. "I suppose they didn't exude much in- formation in that telegram." "No, Dan. It's chiefly compounded of yells for help. Guess you can get there in a couple of days if you gallop around." "You telegraph the gazelles that I'll be there, chief--" He paused to skin over a railway timetable, "on the nine- fifteen Saturday morning. So long." "So long, Dan, and your usual good luck to you." When Cheever swung down from the nine-fifteen that Saturday morning, he found Director Koontz on the lookout for him. 