16 Blueberry Pie riedly. Nervously, tears streaming down her face, her teeth clenched, she managed, somehow, to get the stiff body out of the coffin and into the trunk. She locked the trunk again, closed the coffin. That was done. She sunk exhausted, ill, on a chair. She couldn't stop, now. What next? She left the house. She hailed a passing express wagon. She had a trunk to go away. Could the driver take it at once? He thought he could. Mrs. Figg was not in sight. That saved some explaining. She watched the man as he moved the trunk out of the house onto the wagon. She gave him the address of her apartment, stood looking at him until he drove off. Irene stopped at the undertaker's again, the one on the corner. She told him to get the coffin now, at once. Yes, she would come back for the money, later. She couldn't, of course--but that. . . . She went into a drug-store, oppo- site, called up Mrs. Figg. She had got the telephone number from the telephone in the hall. "I'm--I'm sending for--for the body, after all," she explained. "The man is on the way. I--I couldn't stand to have things done there, after all. I'll write a note. Thank you. . . ." She hung up the receiver dizzily. That was done. If the undertaker could only get the empty coffin out without Mrs. Figg suspecting--con- necting things. . . . Mrs. Figg might wonder. Even so--she'd never do anything, if the coffin was taken away. Well, there was nothing she could do about it. She took a taxicab, this time,- She was too weak for the subway. She sat there, on the edge of the seat, her fingers clenched. She stopped the taxi on the corner, got out. She had left her watch at home. She wondered about the time. The wagon would be slow--he had two other trunks to deliver, she knew. She must do something to kill time-- until the trunk came--until dark, even. What could she do? Why, she'd bake a pie. Of course. She stopped in at the grocer's. She saw some blueberries, bought some of them. A blueberry pie--Dennison's favorite pie. Why not? It would look so domestic. With the bundles in her arm, she came into the apartment building. She met Mrs. Grant and talked with her. She thought of the watch--put that in. That was a good bit! She put on her housedress and an apron. She got to work with the pie. It was comforting, working in the dough. The pie was finished--in the oven--when the trunk--the body-- came. When it was safely in the apartment she sat down, trembling. It had worked out! She had the body! Here--now! '-If only things kept on. . . . Mrs. Peterson in the hall! She showed her the pie--promised her a piece, later. What a fool! Schmidt, the janitor, passed. She talked to him, too. She was alone in the apartment-- with the trunk. Irene was afraid of corpses. She had never touched one except a few minutes ago. She opened the trunk. She had to stop, start again. She was quite ill. But, before she was throug'h, the strange woman had clipped blonde hair, in- stead of her former long tresses, and was dressed in Irene's own clothes. That was done! She shivered. Was she going to be caught? She prayed to her God, a God she had rather neglected dur- ing the past years. Her prayers 