82 The Weight of a Feather softly, and started back on tiptoe to his post. As he passed the table of the defendant's counsel, the lawyer looked up and said to him; "Take the stand, Ed, please." The constable glanced at the prose" cuting attorney as if for permission. Then he mounted the steps of the wit- ness box, slowly, and upon being sworn in by the clerk, sat down. For several minutes he remained in his seat with- out movement, his elbows on the arm of the chair and his stubbled chin rest- ing in the hollow of his great, hairy paw, waiting for the attorney for the defense to begin. All eyes were turned upon the prisoner's counsel, seated at his table near the accused and the girl, slightly in advance of them. The attorney was a heavy, ponder- ous-looking man. His face, the color of putty, was full and shaven smoothly. His eyes were large and china blue, and his coarse hair lay plastered, untidily, about his temples. His garments were obtrusively com- fortable. His coat fitted him like a sack hung over a gate-post and his trousers bagged, scandalously, at the knees. The short, stubby fingers of his right hand rested on the edge of the table. His attitude was serene and unruffled. He did not seem in the least disconcert- ed with the task before him--the task of discrediting the avalanche of circum- stantial evidence that had piled itself upon his client. He sat relaxed in his chair looking at the constable on the witness stand as if he were bored at the task of having to cross-examine him. He seemed in no hurry to proceed, but at the impa- tient' movement of the judge, he finally said in a soft, lazy drawl: "I'm going to ask you to re-construct the crime as you think it was committed, Ed." The witness blinked his eyes. He glanced, inquiringly, at the prosecuting attorney upon whose face a sneer of contempt rode. The attorney nodded, reassuringly. Arising, counsel for the defense crossed to his opponent's table and took from it the cowboy's lariat and the bronze bust of Beethoven. "With your permission," he drawled, blandly, to the prosecutor. Walking to the witness-box, he placed bust and lariat on the broad railing be- fore the officer. Then he returned to his seat at the table. "Now, then, Ed, .show us how you think it was done," he said. II The witness ran his heavy fingers through his hair with a helpless sort of motion. He was painfully flustered, but pulling himself together, he rose, picked up the lariat and uncoiled it. "Well, it was something like this, I think," he began vaguely. + His embarrassment was painful. With a twist of his wrist he threw the noose of the lariat over the head of the bronze bust, and pulled the noose tight. "The window of his room," he said with a jerk of his head at the prisoner, "is twenty feet from the ground direct- ly above the spot where I found his uncle's body. I figured that he dropped this bust on the old man's head from the window, then pulled the bust up with the lariat--afterwards--like this." The witness let the fifteen-pound bronze drop over the railing of the wit- ness box, then raised it again with the lariat, and placed it once more on top of the railing. Counsel for the defense smiled, ap- provingly. "Not bad for an amateur detective, Ed. That thing dropped twenty feet would cave a man's head in, all right. 