92 His Thirteenth Wife When this portion of the program was over, Bruckner would bide his time before springing the climax of his little drama. There were several phases of the stage setting to be considered. If his newly acquired wife was not pos- sessed of real property, and there seemed no reason for their remaining where they were, he would find some good incentive for moving to another city. The death of a middle-aged ma- tron causes less comment in a neigh- borhood where she is a stranger. Such a move made, he could proceed at his leisure, without engendering gos- sip or unwelcome sympathy. Of course, where a wife possessed valuable lots and houses, or perhaps a little business, he must gradually make excuses to dispose of these, or else re- main on the spot and wait until he could do so as sole executor. Practice had made him perfect, no matter which course he was forced to take. In any event, no sooner would the funeral be forgotten, than Bruckner would move on. Invariably those who had known him expressed their regret and felt genuinely sorry for the lonely, broken-hearted man. Once or twice a second candidate had coyly sought his attention, but such women had no chance whatever. Under no conditions would Bruckner marry twice in jthe same town, or even under the same name. His various ventures were widely separated as to scene. He would shake his name together with the dust of the deserted commu- nity, and assume a new and equally commonplace one upon his arrival in the section selected for his next proceeding. That little matter of choice of names indicated his extreme cleverness. Never was he known by a distinctive cogno- men. His surname was likely to be the most numerously mentioned in the local directory. Fortune favored Bruckner in that he was a man whose appearance made his age seem uncertain. As he pleased, he was readily able to subtract or add ten to twenty years from the truth. Then, too, he made a careful study of per- sonal appearance, and without resort- ing to artificial means of disguise, had in his box of tricks several methods of altering his looks. Little niceties of dress--a different manner of brushing the hair--and the time-worn cultivation or destruction of moustaches, beards, side-whiskers and imperials all served his purpose upon occasion. Possessed of an excellent memory, a perfect capacity for forgetting the past, and a penchant for looking into the future, Bruckner was well equipped. He was devoid of conscience--insensible to sentiment--and looked forward to the day when he might safely write his memoirs--to be published posthumously. III Such was the man who found him- self a widower for the twelfth time last Fall. Upon casting up his accounts after the final ceremonies of that funeral, Bruckner (as he then elected to style himself) discovered that his total for- tune amounted to some two hundred thousand dollars. It was safely stowed away in his safe deposit strongholds. He had remaining--under the new name of Bruckner--sufficient capital to see him through his next adventure. The surplus he did not mean to touch--as usual. Yet in the weeks that followed the death and the settlement of the estate of his most recent wife, Bruckner seri- ously considered the idea of remaining single. Like many another prosperous man--after years of striving--he longed for a life of indolence--broken of its monotony by such pursuits as might please him. He hated the very thought 