The Mistaken Sacrifice 103 forgive him. After all, it might be as well to blow out his brains and have done with it. Perhaps he should have done so twenty years ago. Life had held nothing worth while for him since he had left New York, and he supposed it never would. There seemed but little purpose in his carrying on. But whether Hanley was a coward, or whether it was because he scorned a cowardly act, he took his hand from the gun and resolved not to use it. What- ever the result might be, he meant to go over the books with Clayburne in the morning and confess to him the truth. They might accept his statement or reject it as they pleased. They might do with him as they liked. Hanley did not care--and that was the simple truth. If he could not vindicate himself--and he did not believe he could--nothing really mattered. He had tried his best but fate seemed to be against him. Then, as he walked up the lonely road, lined on each side with tall trees, he heard a noise just ahead and a great, threatening shape hurled itself at him with a savage snarl. Thrusting his hand into his pocket, he squeezed the auto- matic, discharging it without troubling to take it out of his pocket. The bullet ripped his trousers, and flew wild. But a moment later, as he stood with the weapon in his hand, Han- ley laughed at himself. Down the road a big, terrified dog was scampering He could plainly see its shadowy out- lines as it rushed through the open. He was nervous, that was all. There had been no real danger and the animal was only frightened at suddenly com- ing upon him in the darkness. So he trudged on toward his home at a leisure- ly pace, until his attention was at- tracted by a glare in the sky. An un- easy fear came over him and he quick- ened his footsteps, to pause on the edge of the clearing with an exclamation of horror. His little bungalow and the shack he used as an office were enveloped in flames. Flimsy of construction, the rickety building was burning like tinder. Situated in a lonely spot upon the hill- side, it had not as yet been observed by anyone else. With a shout he dashed on--but his cries brought neither aid nor any re- sponse from the bungalow. Arriving before the door, he called out Clayburne's name repeatedly, but the crackle of the flames and the roar of their triumph were his only answer. To attempt to enter the building would have been madness, and the roof crumbled in while he stood there help- less. Now he heard others approaching, and he felt a sickening sensation. The crazy fire apparatus was also on its way at a far too leisurely gait. They might as well spare their pains. In a daze himself, Hanley tried vainly to answer a dozen questions at once. To each interrogator he told the simple truth--and each one of them smiled. The arrival of Clayburne and his presence in the bungalow had been known. The intention of the owner of the Yellow Dragon Trading Company to wind up his business had been noised abroad; and Hanley's previous record was not any secret to his neighbors. Moreover, he stood there idiotically with a pistol clasped in his hand. People stared at him strangely. But when the fire had burned itself out and the ruins were cooled with water, the crowrd began to search with the aid of lanterns. The Chinese police were darting about like dogs upon the scent, and now they dragged from what had been the office two badly charred, dead bodies. The clothes had been burned from both, but the mystery of it was, why the two victims had been unable to get out. Despite the rapidity with which the flames had spread, a leap 