The Monolith Hotel Mystery 53 shifts to "One Week Later." Inspector Dineen, in his office, received word that Tom Halloran wanted to see him, and promptly ordered that he be admitted. Halloran was on the retired list of police captains, and Dineen, in his younger days had served under the veteran and always respected and admired him. So he greeted his caller cordially and then looked inquiringly at the young man in civilian clothes who accompanied him. "My nephew, Neil Mooney," ex- plained Halloran. "A harness bull in the Forty-seventh Street Station. Brightest youngster in town, Jimmy. You need him on your staff. He's a real, honest-to-God detective." The inspector shook his head. "Sorry, my staff is full, Cap," he re- plied. "I'd make an exception to oblige you, if I could, but it isn't possible. I'd be panned by the Commissioner if I let personal friendship sway me." "But, Jimmy," protested Halloran, "I'm not asking you to do me a favor. I'm doing you the favor. Listen, now. Have your bright boys solved that Hotel Monolith murder case?" "Not yet," admitted the Inspector; "but we are working hard on it." "Your worries are over on that par- ticular case," declared Halloran, his face one broad smile. "This bright young nephew of mine has cleaned it up." Then, turning to his companion, he commanded: "Tell him all about it, Neil. I know Jimmy. He'll be glad to listen to you." "Well, Inspector," diffidently began the young man, "I've always been ambi- tious to become a detective, and with that end in view I have tried to cultivate a memory for faces. Until I went on vacation a week ago my beat took in the Hotel Monolith. Had the trick from 4 P.M. to midnight. I saw the newspaper pictures of this Mrs. John- son, and they looked familiar, although I couldn't place her at first. I puzzled over the matter for a while and then I remembered. From the street one can look into the hotel dining-room, and I had seen this Mrs. Johnson eating there on several occasions, for she nearly al- ways had a window table. And, as I tried to recall more about her, the fact struck me that she always wore a dis- play of jewels. They looked as if they were worth a lot, but after her murder there was no mention of them." "None of my men ever got onto that fact," interrupted the Inspector. "It wasn't their fault--just my good luck," was Mooney's generous response. "Had they known as much as I did, un- doubtedly the idea would have struck them that some clever crook had seen the jewels while she sat in the dining- room, just as I had seen them. So I decided to test the theory that a criminal had forced his way into the room, been surprised by the unfortunate lady while at work, and had killed her to make a getaway. Of course this was only an idea of mine, based on the assumption that all three of the men under arrest had told absolutely true stories. "From the brief glances I had se- cured at this jewelry, I was aware that several of the pieces were odd and un- usual designs, and I sketched them out, roughly, from memory." He reached in his pocket and produced a few sheets of scratch paper with rudely drawn de- signs. "Of course, it was like looking for a needle in a haystack, but I spent my vacation in going around to the va- rious hangouts where crooks congregate --coffee houses and saloons during th£ day, dances at night. Last evening I dropped into the gathering of the 'Jolly Merrymakers' and spotted a woman who was wearing this piece of jewelry." (Indicating one of the designs.) "Well, I kept her under close observation and found that her steady was that Wop second-story worker, 'Scar-Faced Pie- tro.' The rest was easy. I trailed him 