8 Blueberry Pie coming upstairs to dinner about half- past fives-- he had left the office early --when he had heard furniture fall- ing-, heard a woman scream. Her screams did not sound as if they were those of a woman being attacked by a strang-er. On the contrary, he had heard, distinctly, "Oh, God, what are you dcring, Stuart!" and then "Oh, Stuart--oh God!" He had told his wife that, when he got upstairs. They had decided it was a family quarrel,' not serious enough for a strang-er to interfere. They had talked about the Dennisons, what a nice little thing she was, how she had been crying, lately. Yes, he had seen the body--mere curiosity, of course-- a gruesome sight. Of course he had recognized it. He'd have known that bobbed hair any place. Of course-- the state the body was in--he hadn't looked long--but that was the least --identifying the body--poor little girl--it just shows--the wages of sin-- The evidence hedged Dennison in, closer and closer. If it hadn't been for Margaret Harrington, though, he might have pulled out, somehow. Margaret Harrington had been en- gaged to be married to Stuart Denni- son. She was ready to announce the engagement. She had expected him to call on her that Thursday evening. He was to come about six and they were going out to dinner. Dennison arrived a little late and she had noticed immediately something odd about his actions. One thing, es- pecially--his mouth and teeth were stained blue--as if from blueberries. She had teased him about it. He had seemed nervous, and, instead of laughing if off, hadn't even admitted eating pie, but had changed the sub- ject, quickly, instead. The evening had passed as they had planned. She had seen Dennison several times during the week that followed. He had seemed about as usual, but nervous, too. Then, a week later-- when Dennison was arrested--when she had read that on the kitchen table of his apartment had been found a blueberry pie w'ith a piece cut out of it and the slice missing, she had felt that to her had been given the last link in the chain of evidence. So she had gone to the district attorney with her knowledge. She had given up Dennison, of course, as soon as she heard of the murder. It was not only on account of the murder that she had given him up; it was on account of the whole, ugly affair. He had never told her about Miss Graham--about another woman. She might have for- given him in the beginning, if he had confessed. But to have kept on with the other woman while he was calling- on her--making her think he cared only for her. That seemed quite as bad as the tragedy, itself. So she had felt that she must not shield her former sweetheart. Her own conscience demanded that she tell what she knew about the pie. III No one was surprised at the jury's decision, at the judge's sentence, when the trial took place. Smug citizens shook their heads with satis- faction, young girls, about to err, shuddered and chose less easy paths. It worked out quite well, morally-- there was a crime--a motive--appre- hension of the criminal--punishment. What did it matter that Stuart Dennison repeated over and over again the same story. He told it to the district attorney. He told it to his own lawyers. He told it to re- porters. He seemed dazed, almost, at the lack of response his story 