108 The Police Sometimes Guess Wrong rather than take the elevator, figuring on not taking any chances. "I didn't meet a soul on the way going up. The office was dark. I let myself in with my passkey, stood inside the door listening for an instant, then pulled down the shade so that there would no light show through the ground- glass panel of the door. Then I tiptoed my way to the two windows and pulled down their shades and then punched the electric-light button. I don't know why I tiptoed. No one knew that I had been fired, and anyone in the building would have presumed, had they noticed me, that I was there working overtime, as I often have in the past. I suppose that it was the natural caution a man feels when he knows that he is somewhere he hadn't ought to be." He hesitated a second. Then : "I sup- pose that you'll think Pm a darned liar when I tell you what happened," he finally resumed. "Go ahead!" I said shortly. "When the lights flashed on I natu- rally took a survey of the room. The safe was standing open with a lot of papers that had been in it strewn about the floor. "I knew then that somebody had been there ahead of me--might be there then. You can bet that I lost no time in mak- ing for the door. "I was scared--scared all over. I had that creepy feeling that a fellow gets at such times. And just as I got my hand on the knob I heard a noise from the private office--the office the old man uses--used, I mean--in which to receive his clients. "It sounded like a moan--a sort of dull, throaty groan! "Every hair on my scalp rose straight up. I turned my head involuntarily in the direction from whence the sound came. "Through the door I saw the old man sitting behind his desk, his head hang- ing over the back of his chair! The handle of a knife was sticking out of his chest, and his whole breast was cov- ered with blood! "Right then and there I opened the door and fled. You couldn't have held me in that room with a million dollars." "Did you see anyone in the corridor as you passed out?" I asked. Tompkins looked sheepish. "That's one of the reasons I hurried right here, Chief," he answered. "One of the fellows who cleans the rooms-- janitors I guess you'd call 'em--was put- tering around in the hallway a dozen doors down. I'm pretty certain that he saw me. They all knew me by sight, probably, and I knew that as soon as the murder was discovered he'd remember seeing me come out and report me. "My first idea was to beat it out of town. But I'm short on money and I knew that you'd get me sooner or later anyway. So I decided to get to you first, make a clean breast of what actu- ally happened and turn myself over to you for attempted burglary before you got me for murder." "How long ago did this happen?" I demanded. Tompkins shuddered. "Not over ten minutes," he answered. "You know the Torrence Building's only six blocks away and I hurried here as fast as my legs would carry me." I jabbed the button which brought Moore of the Detective Bureau to my side. "Get a couple of your best men and come with me!" I told him. "Some- body's snuffed old Levi Jones's light out." Moore gave a quick glance at Tomp- kins. "The old devil's been flirting with trouble for the past ten or fifteen years !" he remarked dryly, as he turned to obey my order. "Meet you in the 