52 The Monolith Hotel Mystery one J. H. Brotherton, of Toledo, Ohio, ran away some weeks ago, and Izzy was hired to locate her. Found the dame and her paramour at the Monolith, regis- tered as Mr. and Mrs. Johnson. Yep, Johnson's really an alias. Guy in real life is James Willoughby, a rich loafer of Toledo. When Beaumont ran them down he notified Brotherton by wire, and he took the first train east. The sur- prising thing is that he immediately paid off the detectives, saying he would at- tend to the rest himself. Wouldn't listen to arguments that he would need cor- roborative evidence if he meant to sue for a divorce. Beaumont is a wise guy, though, and he had Brotherton shad- owed. At ten-ten the night of the mur- der the wronged husband was seen to slip quietly into the Monolith. Pre- sumption is that he stole up to the room and killed his erring wife. "We pinched him, of course; found him at the Astor, and he said he'd never have been dragged into the case if he had paid Beaumont the blackmailing sum he demanded. Guess that part of his story is true. Quizzed about the tragedy, he admits going to the hotel, but says that when he found the door unlocked and entered the room the place was empty, so he figured that the couple had gone to some show, and went out- side to wait for them. "There is one very strong point against him, a point that will send him to the electric chair. In his pocket we found,a revolver, loaded, but with one used cartridge, and of the same calibre as the one that killed the woman. He says he fired the cartridge, and a lot of others, at some shooting gallery over on the East Side, but he couldn't remember the location. I've had 'Brotherton in my office, grilling him all the morning, and was convinced that it is a dead open- and-shut case against him. In fact, I was just about to send him to court when you called me up." The District Attorney gasped, and sank back into his chair. ' "I don't know what to do," he finally confessed. "To tell the truth, it looks to me as if all of these three men are guilty, but it is also equally clear that if one of them is the murderer, the others are in- nocent. I don't know who to hold or who to set free. Haven't you any sug- gestions to make?" "The only thing to do is to let matters drift," was the reply. "We'll keep all of them in jail until things clear a little." "But we can't," protested the Dis- trict Attorney. "They'll be suing out writs of habaes corpus, with a chance of going free when a hearing was held." "These birds haven't a Chinaman's chance of getting out of jail," declared the Inspector with emphasis. "Because why? Because we haye other charges against them. I understand now why Henderson ran away as he did. Wasn't afraid of the murder charge, but didn't want to attract police attention. You see, we identified him this morning. Henderson is Dwight Harrison, the fugitive cashier of a National Bank in Osoto, Iowa. Left the bank's deposi- tors in mourning and without funds some weeks ago. I'm keeping his iden- tity a secret until we decide we don't want to try him on that murder indict- ment. Then as for Willoughby, alias Johnson, he can't deny that he ran away with a woman in Ohio and brought her to New York. The Mann White Slave Act covers his case. Brotherton has trouble ahead, too. He carried a re- volver without a permit, so is liable un- der the Sullivan Law. Yes, they'll all stay with us for a while. In the mean- time I'll get everybody busy and see what we can dig up." IV As they say in the movies, the scene 