62 Exterior to the Evidence But there's not so much to tell as ye'd like to hear, Marrows, and if I do start on I shall tell nowt but t' truth. Ye can eyther believe it or not, as ye like, but--it will be t' truth. And I say again --neyther me nor Stones theer--damn him!--knows owt at all about what hap- pened at Black Scar." "What do you know about ?" de- manded Marrows. "Pour me out a glass o' that ale!" said Madgwick coolly. "And I'll tell you. But I'll say this first, Mr. Spy!" he added, when he had drunk the ale which Calvert handed to him, "when I've finished wi' this job, whether it's at ten year end, or five year end, or twelve month end, thee look out for thisen! It's thee 'at's done it!--I mistrusted thee as soon as Etherton browt thee into t' mill! Thou'rt a sharp 'un, thou art!-- thou went straight to t' root o' t' mat- ter. He's more brains nor all ye police put together, hes that feller, Marrows," he continued, pointing at Weathershaw. "He varry soon saw where t' secret lay!" "Well, where?" asked Marrows. Madgwick stared defiantly at his listeners. "Why, i' yon invention o' Lucas Eth- erton's!" he exclaimed. "If he hedn't started inventin' that theer machine 'at's in t' strong-room at t' Owd Mill, all this here 'ud niver ha' happened. Damn t' machine!--I wish I'd niver heerd tell on it!" "Nor me eyther!" sobbed Stones. "What'll my owd mother say?" Madgwick gave his accomplice a glance of scorn, and turned once more to his captors. "Ye see," he said, evidently not dis- pleased to be in the position of narrator, "when Etherton started makin' yon ma- chine, t' news filtered out. Not about t' machine itself, but about t' fact 'at he wor agate o' makin' summat, and he'd hed a strong-room built for to mak' it in. And of course it wor known 'at he did try at a similar invention some years ago, and gev' it up, so it were concluded 'at he wor makin' another start. Anyway, there's one man i' this valley 'at's known about it for some time, and he's t' man 'at's behind all this." A dead silence followed on Madg- wick's last sentence--broken at last by a groan from Stones and a question from Marrows. "What man? Who is he?" "I shall n't tell you till I've telled all t' tale," retorted Madgwick. "But--a man 'at iverybody knows reight well, an' all! Now then, this man began tryin' to get round me some time ago, wantin' to know what I knew about Etherton's machine, and so on, and he started hintin' at what he'd pay for t' knowledge. T' fact o' t' case is, this man hes an idea of his own, and he believes 'at Etherton's on t' same idea, and he wants to be first i't' field, does this man, not only here, but ower yon- der i't' United States. An' it come to this--he offered me a rare lot o' brass if I could do two things. T' first wor to get into that theer strong-room se- cretly, and get a careful look at t' model; t' second wor to get hold o' t' drawings and specifications. Well, now, I did manage, not so long since, to get into t' strong-room, and I hed a varry careful look at t' model. But I saw it wor no good--nobody could tell exactly what that machine wor, nor how to mek' it wi'out t' papers--t' drawings and so on. And of course when I telled this man that, he wor all the more anxious 'at I should get 'em, and in t' end he made me an offer for 'em 'at nobody but a fool would ha' refused." "How much?" demanded Marrows. "Niver ye mind!" retorted Madg- wick defiantly. "I gotten it, and it's wheer neyther ye, nor t' spy theer, nor all t' police i' t' world can get at it, whether I iver do or not! And now 