His Thirteenth Wife 95 away. He would be presumed to know nothing of the accident until the heart- rending news should be brought to him. Then he would be stunned. Bruckner was a past master at registering grief-- surprise--anguish. But after the funeral he could spend the entire summer at the bungalow in undisturbed peace. He was glad that he could accomplish his purpose so early in the spring, for unlike the aver- age man, his thoughts did not lightly turn to love in that entrancing period. The thought necessitated a visit to his friend, the clockmaker to the former Czar. He made it, and outlined his needs minutely. That is, he told the clockmaker precisely the sort of box he desired--how long and how wide it should be--and explained just how its timepiece was to be set. It was to be put up in a candy box and tied neatly with ribbon. It should weigh five pounds and bear the wrapping of a smart confectioner. On the day he meant to use it, Bruckner would call for the box. It must be ready, and everything must be fixed so that he would not need to unwrap it. Mrs. Bruckner was going away in her little sea-taxi at seven o'clock. He would arrive from the city an hour before. He planned to reach the bungalow via a hired launch, timing himself to get there a little late for supper, but in time to bid her good-bye. When he did so he would thoughtfully put the candy box in his wife's motorboat, calling her attention to it, and laughingly instruct- ing her not to nibble at its contents dur- ing the journey. He wished her to save it for the party and present it to her hostess. He hoped she would obey. The trip would take her a little more than an hour. She did not mind that, since she loved the sea and could handle her craft as well as any man. But if everything went well, Mrs. Bruckner would never land at the wharf at Calder's Point. Just about fifteen minutes before she was due to reach that settlement, the little clock would tick its final tick, and Mrs. Bruckner would proceed to eter- nity instead of the pinochle party. The complete simplicity of the scheme appealed to him strongly. He would put the bomb near the gasoline tank. Its explosion would destroy that con- tainer and everyone would surmise that the blowing up of the fuel store had caused the tragedy. No one but the dead woman would know about the candy box--that is, no one but the clockmaker of the Czar. That gentle- man would not be likely to speak. Secrecy was also essential to the suc- cess of his profession, and in such mat- ters he was strictly honorable and thor- oughly reliable. He need not know for whom the box was intended and for reasons of his own he would not inquire too deeply into the matter. V Everything went as planned. On Monday. morning Mr. Bruckner an- nounced that it would be necessary for him to go to the city in connection with some business at his broker's. He prom- ised to return as speedily as he could, but told his wife not to wait for him if he should not be home by the time she intended to leave. That was camou- flage, carefully planned. He always thought of little details like that in order to turn away suspicion from the minds of his victims. Besides, he wanted to establish an alibi and have it known that he was away all day. Moreover, he always disliked to be around his victims just before the cli- max of his cunning. Their very confi- dence and trust in him always tended to annoy him. But he knew very well that he would be back on time. Other- wise, of course, he could not place the candy box in the little launch. 