100 The Mistaken Sacrifice caused Hanley sleepless nights, and Ah Fu observed with concern that Hanley no longer relished the food he pre- pared. He wondered whether some- thing might not be wrong, and whether he could not somehow set that matter right. Knowing that Hanley had once been a thief, the Chinaman supposed that he might be again. He shrewdly surmised- that those guarded books would divulge the story, if the actual figures in them were ever to become known. That Hanley doctored the financial statements he sent out twice a year, Ah Fu had no doubt. To be able to do such a thing, and to do it for twenty years, was an accomplishment of which Ah Fu would have been proud. In his estimation, Hanley was a brilliant man. But be that as it might, he was a obviously worried one. His restlessness grew with the coming of each steamer, and Ah Fu heard him sigh with relief when it was announced by letter that the new owner of the Yellow Dragon Trading Company had decided not to come out. Instead, he was informed, Mr. Burson was sending an auditor over from Hong Kong. The man would look over the books and also look over the ground. He would de- cide whether or not it would be best to continue the business or to close up its affairs. The latter would mean Hanley's dismissal, if it resulted in nothing else--and Hanley did not know what he would do in that event. No one in Shanghai would give him a job. The charge which stood against him back in New York was outlawed by time, of course; but the memory of the man and his folly had not passed from the minds of those who still re- membered him. He could not go back to the States. He had no money with which to travel elsewhere--and he did not want those books to be examined. Ah Fu sensed this from his master's manner rather than from anything Hanley said. He only knew that Han- ley viewed with apprehension, the ar- rival of the auditor who was coming from Hong Kong. At first Ah Fu was puzzled and then grew upset himself. He would gladly have laid down his life for his master, but sacrificing his life would not seem to help in this instance. Yet Ah Fu was far from being stupid. He had a mind that was keen in its Oriental cunning. Now was the time to em- ploy in the service of his master the abilities with which he had been born. II Ah Fu said nothing, but went quietly v about his business, and Hanley had no inkling of what was in the China- man's mind. He did not even know that the servant suspected him of having been steadily robbing the Morely estate. Yet this was precisely what Ah Fu did imagine, and what he fully intended to try to conceal. With the falsifying of books, he had no familiarity, and na desire to learn. Such methods were utterly foreign to his plan of procedure. His manner of mending matters would be more direct and simple, and by far more effective. All that remained to be done was to await the arrival of the stranger who was en route from Hong Kong. In the course of three weeks he came. The man's name was Clayburne, and young as he was in business, he had built up a reputation as a financial effi- ciency engineer. He had faith in the Orient as a place in which to make money, but he was the relendess foe of antiquated methods. Naturally, he as- sumed that the system of running the Yellow Dragon Trading Company was at least a decade behind the time, and surmised that a lot of red tape and lost motion, and perhaps inefficiency, would 