The Vault 33 matter so that a theft of some finished stuff was discovered while I was on va- cation. They never suspected me. But this time I'm going to clean out the works, all the bullion, all the stones, and tomorrow's payroll." The unknown's voice changed, and grew intent. Mike, in the dusty little closet, could hear a muted, musical tinkle, as he spun the combination knob. "Got your finger-prints some time ago, Jack, when you knew nothing about it. I brought 'em out, photographed them, and contrived to fix them on the ends of these rubber gloves. I've run 'em through my hair, so they'll be slightly oily, and they'll convict you com- pletely of opening the safe. I'll have to use a microphone, myself, to hear the tumblers fall." Mike was listening with a curious mixture of fear and indignation and curiosity. He, himself, had a micro- phone apparatus in his pocket, which he had intended to use. The other man had beat him to it. Mike began to re- volve a misty scheme for following the other man and taking his loot away. There was a clanking as of tiny bits of metal being fitted together. "I rather think, Jack,"--the voice be- came amused,--"that you're thinking of the trap that's fixed for any man who breaks into the safe. Aren't you?"-- A moment of silence-- "So that even if someone gets inside the vault, when he touches one of several things he'll set off a switch, have the doors swing shut and lock on him, and ring a loud bell in police headquarters ? I suggested that, Jack, and I was the one who was strong for the bell. I told 'em a burglar would be smothered in here in two hours, but with the doors closing fast on him to catch him, the police could get here, let him out and save hig life, and catch him with the goods. But you forget there's a switch to run that burglar-trap on." Mike, listening, found himself sud- denly cold all over. If he had opened the huge vault,--as he was confident he could do,--he would never have thought of anything like that! He would have gone in, only anxious to secure his loot and depart before the watchman's re- turn. With luck, he would have been able, he thought, to get the big doors closed so his burglary would have gone unnoticed until morning. But when he went in, he would have touched one of a number of concealed springs. The huge doors would have swung to, re- lentlessly, upon him. He would have been trapped in an air-tight tomb, to batter futilely at the armor-plate bar- riers until the police came. He was to get another shock. "This afternoon, though," said thesoft voice outside, interrupted now and then by the infinitely faint musical sound of the spinning knobs, "I did a little work on that wiring. The doors will work, but the alarm won't. The police will not be notified that a burglar is caught in the vault." Sweat came out, cold and clammy, on Mike's skin. He would have been caught in there! He would have strangled ! Hunched upon the floor of the smelly little book-closet, he shivered in uncontrollable terror from sheer horror at what he had escaped. Again he longed to get away from the factory, at any cost. "Most through," said the abstracted voice, outside. "Wonder why I'm telling you, Jack? You see, I need the stuff in there. Need it in my business. I'm going to take it, but I don't want to have detectives chasing around to try to find the thief. With your finger- prints on the knob, they'd look for you, of course, but you might have proved an alibi to make 'em look farther. And also, Jack, you're too damned fas- cinating. I was getting along pretty well with Ethel, until she met you. I want to get you out of the way. With B.M.--Aug.--3 