The Weight of a Feather 87 The prosecuting attorney scowled at Dr. Shale. The coroner's verdict had been: "Death from blow upon the head. Cause unknown." He had refused point-blank to return an indictment for murder upon the evidence submitted, so Attorney Warren had gone ahead on his own account. "Pigeon's feather!" he scoffed. "Nothing of the sort! Swallow's fea- ther, that's what it is." "I beg your pardon ?" There was irri- tation in the colonel's voice for the first time. "It's a pigeon's feather." The jurymen looked at one another. Most of them knew a pigeon's feather when they saw one and all of them were positive that the object on the colonel's blotter--a slim, steel-blue feather-- was not a pigeon's. A cynical smile played about the cor- ners of the prosecutor's thin lips. "If you expect to win this case on ornithological decisions, you'd better take a week off and study up on the subject, Melvin Edgerly," he sneered. "I'll stake my reputation, legal and otherwise, that the feather on your blot- ter is a swallow's feather. I think I know what I'm talking about. I didn't get my degree in ornithology at Stand- ford for nothing." "That's so," the colonel admitted, suddenly. "I remember now, you used to be bugs on birds' nests, and eggs, and things, when you were a kid, Warren." "It was my hobby, if that's what you mean," the prosecutor replied, stiffly. The colonel might have observed here that robbing the nests of inoffen- sive songsters for the purpose of study- ing them was more of a cruelty than a hobby, but he forebore. Instead he leaned forward in his chair, and, fasten- ing his china blue eyes on the prose- cutor's face, said calmly: "For the purpose of securing expert testimony on a question of ornithology, I hereby subpcena you, Robert Warren, as a witness for the defense. Take the stand, please." The prosecutor's jaw dropped. "What!" He looked about him appealingly, at this unheard of procedure. "It's unethical, I know, Warren," the colonel sighed, deprecatingly, "but I'm within my rights." He turned to the judge. "How about it, your Honor.''" he asked. "I--I suppose so, Colonel," the judge replied, helplessly, "but--but--" he ended lamely. "I won't--be made a monkey of be- fore the court," the prosecutor stormed, shaking his fist at the colonel. "I re- fuse--!" "Gentle--men!" the judge admon- ished. He turned to the outraged attor- ney. "Better take the stand, Warren, before I'm forced to fine you for con- tempt of court." "All right--!" the attorney snapped, subsiding. He stalked to the witness chair, suf- fered himself to be sworn in, then shot his opponent a baleful glance. The col- onel looked up, blandly, and handed him! the feather. "Please tell the court in your own terms--scientific terms--if you wish, how you know that this is a swallow's feather." The witness cleared his throat, and pulled himself together. For three minutes steady he explained to the court how he knew that the fea- ther in his hand was a swallow's fea- ther. Warming up to his subject, he forgot, momentarily, his anger at his opponent's unethical conduct. He went into details about the differences be- tween the feathers of birds of prey and those of song-birds, and the comparative wing-power of the different species. He even touched upon the subject of pro- tective coloration. When he was through there was not 