The Explosive Gentleman 77 a man of many and variegated accom- plishments all of which were conducive to inconvenience or ill-health, and some- times even worse, to those on whom Mr. Brophy practiced. Mr. Brophy seldom 'sought acquaintances outside of his own set. Sometimes, however, he was sought. He could supply necessities of a certain kind and he was not partic- ular whom he served so long as he was paid well for it. A pickpocket whom he had met in jail had introduced Kremp to Brophy. On his third visit to the room of the thug the latter passed over a small glass bottle filled with yellowish liquid. Kremp was highly interested in the con- tents of the bottle and listened atten- tively to Mr. Brophy's recital of the peculiar properties and characteristics of the contents. "I boiled it down from dynamite," explained Mr. Brophy. "And now you better be careful how you handle it. Nitroglycerine is a damn tricky stuff. And don't get the fool idea that it al- ways explodes on concussion. That's what a lot of story writers think--that any jar is bound to set the stuff off. It might explode on concussion--and it might not. Now for instance, suppose you put a couple of drops on a stone and hit it a straight downward blow with a hammer. The chances are-- mind you I say chances--that only that part which you hit will explode. But if you sock it a glancing blow the whole thing will go up. Then again, to judge by what happened to some of my friends, the stuff can be exploded by just looking at it kinda hard. It seems to have whims. Sometimes it will stand for a lot of monkeying and sometimes it'll get all het up and blow you into a psychic plasma without no reason at all. Sudden heat will explode it; that's one thing you can be pretty sure of." A few hours later Mr. Brophy was remarking to one of his friends: "That guy Kremp sure gimme the creeps. Stewed mackerel, but he was nervous! I wouldn't be surprised if he loses his head entirely and drinks the stuff. I got a feeling he's going to be an angel soon." III Two nights later Kremp dined with the Boyers. He purposely arrived a little early. While waiting for the Boyers to come down, he sauntered into the music room, switched on the electric light and played a popular tune on the piano. Thereupon he rose and stepped noiselessly to the door which opened on the hall. He could hear the Boyers moving about on the floor above. From the dining room to the rear came the sounds of the servants who were setting the table. He went quickly to the man- telpiece and drew a glass bottle from a coat pocket. Candles generally burn to a saucer- like hollow at the top. This is because the tallow near the wick becomes hotter and consequently melts more rapidly than that around the edge. Into the cavity of each of the four candles Kremp poured about a spoonful of nitroglycerine. Then he turned off the electric light and went back into the library. After dinner old Mr. Boyer in- vited him to the music room to listen to a few new records. Kremp pleaded a previous engagement--he had tickets for the theatre--and regretted that he had to leave at once. He was already a trifle late. He took his leave in a per- fectly calm and natural manner. But he had no sooner reached the street when the excitement which he had suppressed so long got the better of him and he began walking hurriedly with no attention to his direction. He kept going till the geography of the city impeded his further progress in a 