56 Exterior to the Evidence in as he hurried up the platform; a moment later, a keen-looking fellow, whose dress and appearance were that of a respectable workman in his Sun- day clothes, stepped from a compart- ment and responded to Weathershaw's nod with a scarcely perceptible smile. "That's right, Hartley," said Weathershaw. "I've a good deal for you to do tonight, so we'll get some dinner together. Let's find a quiet corner and I'll give you your instructions while we eat." The two men sat side by side in a recess in the station dining-room, while Hartley took in his employer's explana- tions, suggestions, and instructions in silence, doing no more than nod in ac- quiescence or understanding. "So now," said Weathershaw, "you know precisely what to do." He glanced at the clock which hung in front of them. "Catch the 6:45 out to Lithersdale--it's the second station up a branch line. Go straight to the place I've told you of, and make your en- quiries in your own way. Later--say nine o'clock -- look in at the Stan- bury Arms in the village; you'll find me there. No need to tell you to keep eyes and ears open, Hartley." Hartley responded with a quiet smile and presently went away in the direc- tion of the booking-office; Weathershaw, remaining behind, ordered black coffee, lighted a cigar, and sat for half an hour longer, thinking. Eventually, he left the station and strolled round to Sindat's private rooms, to find the solicitor leisurely eating his bachelor dinner. "Sir Marston gone back home?" asked Weathershaw as he dropped into a chair. "Just after you left," answered Sin- day laconically. "Hear any more of Pike and his visit to Birch ?" enquired the agent. "Nothing!" said the solicitor. He was becoming almost as reserved as Weathershaw himself. Nevertheless, his curiosity asserted itself. "That man of yours turned up?" he asked. "Oh, yes," replied Weathershaw. "Came at six o'clock." Then, seeing that Sindal was inquisi- tive, he added, with a smile: "He's already at work." "Well, you do your work in a pretty quiet and underground fashion, I must say!" remarked Sindal. "I hope it's going to mature. I wish to goodness I knew what that infernal Pike was after this afternoon. "If you've nothing to do this evening," remarked Weathershaw, "will you come with me up to Lithersdale? I'm going to meet my man at the Stanbury Arms at nine o'clock--he may have some news to give me. If so, I'll let you know what it is." Sindal immediately showed interest. "News!" he exclaimed. "Of course I'll go--I'm jolly anxious to get hold of any news relating to this affair, I can assure you!" "All right," agreed Weathershaw. "We'll get a car about half past eight; they'll run us out in half an hour." It was just nine o'clock when these two turned into the Stanbury Arms, an old wayside inn which stood a little way outside Lithersdale village. It was one of those places which had originally been farmstead as well as hostelry, and in it were a number of low-ceilinged, wainscoted parlors; into one of these, Sindal and his companion turned. Sin- dal rang a handbell which stood on the table. "They keep particularly good ale here," he said. "Better try some--for the good of the house, anyway." "Anything you like," answered Weathershaw indifferently. "I daresay my man will do with a glass when he comes in." The landlord, who presently brought in a foaming jug of ale and clean 