The Monolith Hotel Mystery By Lloyd Lonergan IT was almost eleven o'clock on a Tuesday night, and the stately room clerk of the Monolith Hotel stood yawning behind the desk. The lobby was practically deserted, for the ma- jority of the guests had either retired or were still at the various theatres and restaurants. "Excuse me, but I want to pay my bill, and I'm rather in a hurry," were the words that brought Pennington Wilson out of his day dreams--or, rather, his night musings. Facing him, and tightly clasping a large handbag, was a little old man, a worried expres- sion on his face. The clerk recognized him, smiled and bowed. "Certainly, Mr. Henderson, cer- tainly," he replied, in cordial tones, "The cashier will fix things up for you in a jiffy." He crossed to the adjoining compart- ment, and gave the necessary orders. "We are always Johnny-on-the-spot when it comes to taking in money, Mr. Henderson," he continued with his ready laugh, as he returned, "but I didn't know you were leaving us tonight. Thought your liner sailed at noon to- morrow." "Of course, of course," was the nerv- ous reply, "but, you see, some friends of mine, in--in--Brooklyn, phoned me, and naturally, of course I had to--" The cashier came forward with the bill at this moment. Wilson glanced at the total, and then passed it over. "Because you are checking out so late, we had to charge for the night," he explained. "Sorry, but that's the usual custom." "Perfectly satisfactory," retorted Henderson. He reached into his pocket and ex- tracted a roll of bills, riffled them over, and extracted several, which he shoved across the desk. "Here you are. Don't bother about the change. Give it to the bellboys," and, with a nod,, he hurried out. Wilson looked after him perplexedly, then showed relief as a husky, middle-aged man entered from the street. The clerk beckoned to him, and he approached the desk. "Spencer, there's something queer about that chap who just went out," he whispered. "Name's Henderson ; Daniel Henderson, of Minneapolis. First visit here. Booked to sail for Europe on the Cardalia tomorrow. Heavy baggage has all gone to the dock. Just now he ran down, checked out in a tearing hurry, with some silly story about having to go to Brooklyn. Nobody in Brooklyn is awake at this hour of the night. What do you think about it?" "How much does he owe?" demanded the house detective alertly. "Perhaps I can head him off." He took a step to- ward the door, but Wilson detained him. "He paid in full--and in cash," which caused Spencer to snort with dis- gust and retort, "In that case, why should we worry?- What does it matter to us where he has gone, or why, so long as he is straight on the books?" "Guess I'm more nervous than usual tonight," said the clerk apologetically. "Just the same, I didn't like the way he acted. Seemed as if he was trying to hide something. You can understand 47 