382 AMAZING STORIES Advertising pays you! ADVERTISING brings to millions, at reasonable prices, comforts and conveniences which with- out advertising would be luxuries that only a few could enjoy. America is an advertising nation. That is one reason why the man with moderate means here enjoys more comforts than most wealthy men abroad. Because thousands on thousands of people ask for a certain article by the same name, which they have read in the same advertise- ments, it is possible for the advertiser to sell this item at a minimum of effort. It is therefore possible to manufacture and to distribute this product at a saving which you share with the advertiser. When you figure the number of these items in your daily life built by advertising, you can appreciate that advertising does pay you! Advertisements enable you to buy better things at less cost Romance! Mystery! Intrigue! DON'T MISS THIS MARVELOUS, INTENSE, GRIPPING STORY OF WORLD MARVELS 700 YEARS HENCE "RALPH 124C 41 + " By HUGO GERNSBACK, F.R.S. Editor "Amazing Stories". Ralph, the greatest living scientist of the year 2660, fights a furious battle with a Martian for the love of a beautiful girl, using incredible weapons, culminating in a running fight in space. BUY YOUR COPY TODAY--SENT POSTPAID FOR $2.15 For Sale by The Experimenter Pub. Co., Inc., 53 Park Place, New York, N. Y. From GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND Author of "The Thing from Outside." Mr. H. Gernsback, June 4,1926 Editor, "Amazing Stories," New York City. Dear Mr. Gernsback: I cannot thank you too cordially for the opportunity you give me to say something in approval of your plan to print scientific fiction. This is sup- posed to be the Age of Science, and the more widely scientific ideas are spread, the better. Fiction is certainly one of the most effective methods of dissemi- nating scientific ideas. The world is too much given over to silly, meaningless and licentious fic- tion. The type of stories you propose to print can do much to combat this evil tendency. Moreover, such stories will wage war on the reactionary cam- paign now going on. The saying that "Science has conquered the world" is unfortunately far from true. Only a very small percentage of people have as yet accepted scientific thought with all its implication. The masses still cling to worn-out old religious dogmas that even an elementary knowledge of science would destroy. Schools and churches still keep the hoary old super- stitions alive, and actively fight to do so. The clergy realize that the real triumph of science would oust them from soft sinecures; bluntly put, from their graft. Today, they are seeking, with some success, to have time taken from school-hours, for religious in- struction. They are backing the fight, in many states, to have science pro- hibited in the schools and colleges. An era of reaction is upon us. "Science Service," and your magazines, are do- ing noble work, which should by all means be extended. If the "black beetles of superstition" had their way, evolution would be banished from mod- ern thought. This must not be. The war is on, and you stand on the firing- line. For years I have advocated the teaching of evolution in grammar- schools, high schools and academies, as well as in universities. This one study would drive the inanities of su- perstition out of court, with ridicule. By all means, Mr. Gernsback, publish all the scientific fiction you can, espe- cially with bearing on evolution. The clergy can dominate educational sys- tems, but they cannot control maga- zines. If the people cannot be reached through the schools, they can through the magazines. Your work is of im- mense importance. With all good wishes for your un- qualified success, and with the faith that untimately "truth is mighty and will prevail," I am as ever, Most cordially yours, George Allan England Bradford, N. H,