A TRIP TO THE CENTER OF THE EARTH 375 nose, became once more the terrible Professor of Mineralogy. An hour after leaving the wood of olives, we reached the fort of San Vicenza, where Hans de- manded the price of his thirteenth week of service. My uncle paid him, with many warm shakes of the hand. At that moment, if he did not indeed quite share our natural emotion, he allowed his feelings so far to give way as to indulge in an extraordinary expres- sion for him. With the tips of two fingers he gently pressed our hands and smiled. CHAPTER XLIV The Journey Ended THIS is the final conclusion of a narrative which will probably be disbelieved even by people who are astonished at nothing. I am, however, armed at all points against human in- credulity. We were kindly received by the Strombolite fish- ermen, who treated us as shipwrecked travelers. They gave us clothes and food. After a delay of forty-eight hours, on the 31st of September a little vessel took us to Messina, where a few days of de- lightful and complete repose restored us to our- selves. On Friday, the 4th of October, we embarked in the Volturus, one of the postal packets of the Im- perial Messagerie of France; and three days later we landed at Marseilles, having no other care on our minds than that of our precious but erratic com- pass. This inexplicable circumstance tormented me terribly. On the 9th of October, in the evening, we reached Hamburg. What was the astonishment of Martha, what the joy of Gretchen! I will not attempt to define it. "Now Harry, that you really are a hero," she said, "there is no reason why you should ever leave me again." I looked at her. She was weeping tears of joy. I leave it to be imagined if the return of Pro- fessor Hardwigg made or did not make a sensa- tion in Hamburg. Thanks to the indiscretion of Martha, the news of his departure for the Interior of the Earth had bqen spread over the whole world. No one would believe it--and when they saw him come back in safety they believed it all the less. But the presence of Hans and many stray scraps of information by degrees modified public opinion. Then my uncle became a great man, and I the nephew of a great man; which, at all events, is something. Hamburg gave a festival in our honor. A public meeting of the Johanneum Institution was held, at which the Professor related the whole story of his adventures, omitting only the facts in connec- tion with the compass. That same day he deposited in the archives of the town the document he had found, written by Sak- nussem, and he expressed his great regret that cir- cumstances, stronger than his will, did not allow him to follow the Icelandic traveler's track into the very Center of the Earth. He was modest in his glory, but his reputation only increased. So much honor necessarily created for him many envious enemies. Of course they existed, and as his theories, supported by certain facts, contradicted the system of science upon the question of central heat, he maintained his own views both with pen and speech against the learned of every country. Although I still believe in the theory of central heat, I confess that certain circumstances, hitherto very ill-defined, may modify the laws of such natural phenomena. A Happy Ending AT the moment when these questions were be- ing discussed with interest, my uncle re- ceived a rude shock--one that he felt very much. Hans, despite everything he could say to the contrary, quitted Hamburg; the man to whom we owed so much would not allow us to pay our deep debt of gratitude. He was taken with nostalgia; a love for his Icelandic home. "Farvel," said he, one day, and with this one short word of adieu, he started for Reykjawik, which he soon reached in safety. We were deeply attached to our brave eider-duck hunter. His absence will never cause him to be for- gotten by those whose lives he saved, and I hope, at some not distant day, to see him again. To conclude, I may say that our Journey into the Interior of the Earth created an enormous sensa- tion throughout the civilized world. It was trans- lated and printed in many languages. All the lead- ing journals published extracts from it, which were commentated, discussed, attacked, and supported with equal animation by those who believed in its episodes, and by those who were utterly incredul- ous. Wonderful! My uncle enjoyed during his life- time all the glory he deserved; and he was even of- fered a large sum of money by Mr. Barnum, to ex- hibit himself in the United States; and I am credibly informed by a traveler that he is to be seen in waxwork at Madame Tussaud's! But one care preyed upon his mind, a care which rendered him very unhappy. One fact remained in- explicable--that of the compass. For a learned man to be baffled by such an inexplicable phenomenon was very aggravating. But heaven was merciful, and in the end my uncle was happy. One day, while he put some minerals belonging to his collection in order, I fell upon the famous compass and examined it keenly. For six months it had lain unnoticed and untouched. I looked at it with curiosity, which soon became surprise. I gave a loud cry. The Professor, who was at hand, soon joined me. "What is the matter?" he cried. "The compass!" "What then?" "Why, its needle points to the south and not to the north." "My dear boy, you must be dreaming." "I am not dreaming. See the poles are changed." "Changed!" My uncle put on his spectacles, examined the in- strument, and leaped with joy, shaking the whole house. A clear light fell upon our minds. "Here it is!" he cried, as soon as he had.recov- ered the use of his speech. "Our error is now easily explained. But to what phenomenon do we owe this alteration in the needle!" "Nothing more simple." "Explain yourself, my boy. I am on thorns." "During the storm, upon the Central Sea, the ball (Continued on page 384)