358 AMAZING STORIES I had been reading these books without his knowl- edge, and thus he was often at a loss to account for the forcible impression which had been made upon my fancy. The Popular Belief in Omens Discussed A FAVORITE topic with me was the popular belief in omens -- a belief which at this one epoch of my life, I was almost seriously disposed to defend. On this subject we had long and animated discussions; he maintaining the utter groundlessness of faith in such matters; I contending that a popular sentiment arising with absolute spontaneity--that is to say, without apparent traces of suggestions--had in itself the unmistakable elements of truth, and was entitled to much respect. The fact is that, soon after my arrival at the cottage, there had occurred to myself an incident so entirely inexplicable, and which had in it so much of the portentous character, that I might well have been excused for regarding it an omen. It appalled, and at the same time so confounded and bewildered me, that many days elapsed before I could make up my mind to communicate the circumstances to my friend. An Awful Apparition NEAR the close of an exceedingly warm day, I was sitting, book in hand, at an open window commanding, through a long vista of the river banks, a view of a distant hill, the face of which nearest my posi- tion had been denuded, by what is termed a land- slide, of the principal portion of its trees. My thoughts had been long wandering from the volume before me to the gloom and desolation of the neigh- boring city. Uplifting my eyes from the page, they fell upon the naked face of the hill, and upon an object--upon some living monster of hideous con- formation,--which very rapidly made its way from the summit to the bottom, disappearing finally in the dense forest below. As this creature first came in sight, I doubted my own sanity, or at least the evidence of my own eyes; and many minutes passed before I succeeded in convincing myself that I was neither mad nor in a dream. Yet when I describe the monster (which I distinctly saw, and calmly sur- veyed through the whole period of its progress), my readers, I fear, will feel more difficulty in being convinced of these points than even I did myself. Estimating the size of the creature by compari- son with the diameter of the large trees near which it passed--the few giants of the forest which had escaped the fury of the landslide--I concluded it to be far larger than any ship of the line in existence. I say "ship of the line," because the shape of the monster suggested the idea; the hull of one of our seventy-fours might convey a very tolerable con- ception of the general outline. The mouth of the animal was situated at the extremity of a proboscis some sixty or seventy feet in length, and about as thick as the body of an ordinary elephant. Near the root of this trunk was an immense quantity of black, shaggy hair--more than could have been sup- plied by the coats of a score of buffaloes; and, pro- jecting from his hair downwardly and laterally, sprang two gleaming tusks not unlike those of the wild boar, but of infinitely greater dimension. Ex- tending forward, parallel with the proboscis, and on each side of it, was a gigantic staff, thirty or forty feet in length, formed seemingly of pure crystal, and in shape a perfect prism:--it reflected in the most gorgeous manner the rays of the declining sun. The trunk was fashioned like a wedge with the apex to the earth. From it there were outspread two pairs of wings--each wing nearly one hundred yards in length--one pair being placed above the other, and all thickly covered with metal scales; each scale apparently some ten or twelve feet in diameter. I observed that the upper and lower tiers of wings were connected by a strong chain. But the chief peculiarity of this horrible thing was the repre- sentation of a Death's Head, which covered nearly the whole surface of its breast, and which was as accurately traced in glaring white, upon the dark ground of the body, as if it had been there carefully designed by an artist. While I regarded this ani- mal, and more especially the appearance on its breast, with a feeling of horror and awe--with a sentiment of forthcoming evil, which I found it im- possible to quell by any effort of the reason--I per- cieved the huge jaws at the extremity of the pro- boscis suddenly expand themselves, and from them there proceeded a sound so loud and so expressive of woe that it struck upon my nerves like a knell, and, as the monster disappeared at the foot of the hill, I fell at once, fainting, to the floor. Upon recovering, my first impulse of course was to inform my friend of what I had seen and heard-- and I can scarcely explain what feeling of repug- nance it was, which, in the end, operated to pre- vent me. Again Terrorized by the Apparition Reappearing AT length, one evening, some three or four days after the occurrence, we were sitting to- gether in the room in which I had seen the apparition--I occupying the same seat at the same window, and he lounging on a sofa near at hand. The association of the place and time impelled me to give him an account of the phenomenon. He heard me to the end--at first laughed heartily, and then lapsed into an excessively grave demeanor, as if my insanity was a thing beyond suspicion. At this instant I again had a distinct view of the mon- ster to which, with a shout of absolute terror, I now directed his attention. He looked eagerly, but main- tained that he saw nothing, although I designated minutely the course of the creature as it made its way down the naked face of the hill. I was now immeasurably alarmed, for I consid- ered the vision either as an omen of my death, or, worse, as the forerunner of an attack of mania. I threw myself passionately back in my chair, and for some moments buried my face in my hands. When I uncovered my eyes, the apparition was no longer visible. My host, however, had in some degree resumed the calmness of his demeanor, and questioned me very rigorously in respect to the conformation of the visionary creature. When I had fully satisfied him on this head he sighed deeply, as if relieved of some intolerable burden, and went on to talk, with what I thought a cruel calmness, of various points of speculative philosophy, which had heretofore formed a subject of discussion between us. I re-