Stories
If You Want a Job with a Future,

GET INTO CHEMISTRY

  Chemistry is one of the most ancient and honorable
callings known to man. During the Middle Ages its
adepts were the advisors of kings. Then it was called
a black art and its followers were believed to have
supernatural powers.

  The chemist of today with his modernized knowledge
has secrets a thousandfold more potent at his command
He is the brains behind hundreds of rich industries,
which could not exist without his skill. Yet the field of
Applied Chemistry has spread so widely that it is dif-
ficult to get enough good men to fill the available posts.

Unlimited

  Possibilities!

Fascinating Work!

Immense

  Opportunities!

  Previous Experience

Not Needed

 ANYONE WHO CAN
BEAD AND WRITE can
study Chemistry through our
simply prepared course. You
don’t need a higher educa-
tion, and you don't need any
previous experience or pre-
paration. Chemistry is not
harder to understand than
electricity or radio. Just
iplain sense 4lnd ordinary
observation powers.

Laboratory Outfit Free

 THE COMPLETE
CHEMICAL OUTFIT and
APPARATUS supplied to
you as part of your Course,
without extra charge, makes
you the owner of a laboratory, con-
taining all the materials and instru-
ments used by a full-fledged chemist.

This outfit which is shipped to you at
the outset of the course becomes your
permanent property. It is a sturdy fit-
ted wooden cabinet containing over
100 pieces of laboratory apparatus and
chemical supplies. With these mater-
ials and equipment you will have in
your own home and always at hand,
a compact, complete working chem-
ist’s laboratory which you will use
constantly not only in your experi-
ments during the course, but also in
your after work as a chemist.

We Can Teach You
At Home

Our faculty knows just how to mold
you into a skillful laboratory worker.

THE HEAD OF OUR STAFF IS 1)R.

T. O CONOR SLOAN E, scientist, en-
gineer and author of wide repute.

He has had more than fifty years of
teaching experience. Our course fits
you for an immediate position in a
chomical laboratory, and you do not
have to give up what you are doing
now.; to learn it. During evenings and

  Chemical Institute of New York, {

Inc. ;

  Home Extbudon Division, TVS-10 J
  19 Park Pracfe, New York, N. Y. J
  Please send me at once, 'wjkMit j
  any obligation cm my part, JTniT j
  Free <^Book “Opportunities . for J
  Chemists,” and full particulars j
  about the Experimental Equipment j
  given to every student.	I

I

This valuable experimental laboratory outfit i!
given without extra cost to every one of our
students as his property.

 SIZE OF CABINET}
 HEIGHT: 22V-i in.
 LENGTH: 17V4 in.
 WEIGHT: 25 lbs.

A chemical expert is always Eure of a good income, a
respected and confidential position and a guaranteed
future. He may also make himself a fortune, as hun-
dreds of chemists have done before him. Did you ever
hear of C. M. Hall? He was an American chemist who
at the age of twenty-one discovered how to extract
aluminum from clay. It was known that this could
be done. It remained for someone to experiment and
do it. There are innumerable other chemical problems
today waiting to be solved. Mr. Hall died a few years
ago, leaving an estate of many millions of dollars.

week-ends you can work at
home on the fascinating ex-
periments and the delightful-
ly simple but comprehensive
lessons. A personal tutor
is always ready to help you
over difficulties and to an-
swer all your questions.
Most important of all—the
teaching you receive is prac-
tical. You can actually use
this knowledge to make
money, as thousands have
done before you.

More Money in Chem-
   istry Than in Any
   Other Business

   CHEMISTS AT?E WELL-
PAID MEN. Not only will
our iruining help you (o get
a better job, but a worth-
while start on a new level.
You can patent the work of
your hands and your brain,
and perhaps make millions
of dollars on a new chemi-
cal discovery.

Every day the newspapers
and magazines are full of
news items reporting
chemical discoveries—in mining,
food-stuffs,	:

What These Students
Have Done, You Can
Do!

    “Since I have been studying
 with your schtfol I have been
 appointed chemist for the Scran-
 ton Coal Co., testing all the
 coal and ash by proximate an-
 alysis.”—Morlais Co.uzens.

    “I aJso have some news for
 you. I have been made assist-
 ant chemist for the concern I
 am working for.”

—A. G. Delwarte.

    “I am now cleaner and dyer
 for the above named company.
 My salary is almost double what
 it was when I started the
 course.”—E. H. Lasater.

    “If it weren't for your course
  I wouldn't hare the jot I’ve
  got now—George Daynes.

    “Since beginning your course
  of study I have received an in-
  crease in my pay check, and as
  I progress my work becomes
  lighte? through a bitter under-
  standing.”—M. G. Cole.

               new

in electricity, in food-stuffs, in sani-
tary and medicinal appliances, in pa-
per making, rubber, steel, iron, dye
stuffs, textiles, in fact in every well-
known industry—and behind each of
these discoveries stands a well-trained
chemist who knew how to take ad-
vantage of opportunity!

   No Exaggerated Claims

THE INSTITUTE DOES NOT
CLAIM that every chemist makes mil-
lions, nor do we guarantee that you
will immediately get a job paying $10,-

000	a year. But many have done it,
and there is uo reason why you cannot
do it too. Often enough you read or
hear about men who have found the
road to fame, fortune, position, and the
highest recognition, from small, in-
conspicuous beginnings, and you won-
der how they got the “lucky break."
Why, you wonder yearningly, couldn't
you be such a "lucky” fellow ? Ton
can be—but you have to meet luck
half way.

   Get Started Today!

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW
MORE ABOUT CHEMISTRY, and il
you are sincere in your desire to gef
out of the tread-mill of job anxiety anc
wage dependence, if you have ambi
tion enough to want to become f
chemist, and perhaps a famous om
some day, you will not wait until to
morrow to find out how to go about it

MAIL the cftupon at your left today
There is no charge and no furthei
obligation. You will be simply askini
us to write you about something tha
you ivant to know of.

NAME .....................................

ADDRESS ...............................

 CITY ........................ STATE.

CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC.
19 Park Place Dept. W.S.-IO New York, N. Y.
WONDER STORIES

577

■'	y>•&	fop,

Amazingly Easy Way
to get into ELECTRICITY

      Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job.
      Let me show you how to prepare for a real job and how to make
      real money— in ELECTRICITY, the live, money-making field.
      Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

12 Weeks of Practical Shop Training

Come to Coyne in Chica-
go and learn Electricity
the quick and practical
way—by actual shop
work on actual machin-
ery and equipment. No
useless theory! The aver-
age time to complete the
course is only 12 weeks.
Yon work on real dyna-
mos, switchboards, arma-
tures, auto and airplane
engines, transmitting
stations, etc. —everything
from door bells to power
plants—in full operation
every day! No previous
experience necessary.

FREE Employment
Service to Stndents

When you graduate, we ’11
do all we can to help yon
get the job you want. W
employ three men
on a full time basis
whose sole job is to
help secure positions
for our students.

Also we’ll help you
to earn while learn-
ing. Some of our

students pay a large Barley, of Canada. “Two weeks

part of their living ex-	1 r,eceived1 *

^	splendid job. The main conoid-

penses through part-time	eration given my application

work we get them.	was that I was a Coyne Trained

COYNE Is 3*

YEARS OLD

PREPARE FOR JOBS
LIKE THESE

Here are a few of the splen-
did positions open to Trained
Electrical Men:

Power Plant Operator

    .... $40 to *60 a week
Maintenance Engineer

     . . . i '50 to 1600 ■ month
Armature Windin*

    .... *45 to *75 a weak
Auto Ignition

     . . . . *45 to *66 a week
Contractor — Dealer

     . . *3.000 to *10,000 a year
Motor Inspector

     . . *200 to (800 a month
Electric Lighting

.... !i4U to *70 a week

Signal Engineering

. . . .(*00 to *76 a week

Thirty-two years Is a long time.
No school or business could con-
tinue that long unless it were
[rendering real service and get-
ting real resul ts. Y etCoyne has
beenlocated right here in Chi-
cago since 1899. Coyne Train-
ing is tested — proven by hun-
dreds of successful graduates.

What Graduates
Say About Coyne

"One week after graduating,
I started my electrical job.

man,” reports Harold Soucy of
Illinois. * 1 wish to thank your
Employment Manager for sec-
uring this position for me.”
writes Albert Yagon. "he sent
me out to this Company the first
day and I was employed there
immediately. "And I could go on
quoting from hundreds of let-
tersof succesafulCoyneTrained
Men. What they have done*
you should be able to do!

GetTheFacts

But get all the facts! You can
find out everything absolutely
free. JUST MAIL THE COU-
PON BELOW FOR A FREE
COPY OF OUR BIG ELEC-

writea LelandHindsof Indiana.	TRICALBOOK, telling all

“After graduating I was home	about jobs... salaries .. . op-

only two days when appointed	portunitiea. This does not ob-

Engineer in a light plant in	ligate you. JUST MAIL THE

South Dakota.” writes George	COUPON!

NOW IN OUR

NEW HOME

        This is oor new fireproof,
        modern home wherein is
        installed thousands of
        dollars’ worth of Elec-
        trical equipment of all
        kinds. Every comfortand
        convenience hns been ar-
        rangcd to make you
        happy and contented dur-
        ing your training.

■	Mr. H. C. LEWIS, President

| Coyne Electrical School, Dept* 71-81

■	BOO S. Paulina Street, Chicago, Illinois

5 Dear Mr. Lewis:

Without obligation send me your biR free catalog and
_ all details of Free Employment Service and how 1 can

I	"earn while learning."

I

I Name..............

I

 Address.

mYNF ELECTRICAL SCHOOL ■

                R. C. LEWIS, President |

500 S. Paulina Street, Dept* 71-81, Chicago, 111. I cuv..........................state
 Vol. 3, No. 5	TABLE OF CONTENTS	October, 1931

 "THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN by Morrison F. Colladay____________582

      With strange powers, and cool bravado the I.BJP.A. threatened the existence of
      all liberty ....

 DEATH FROM THE STARS by A. Rowley Hilliard__________________________________612

      He wanted to experiment with life . ... in the meteorite he found a strange dis-
      ease ....

BETWEEN DIMENSIONS by J. E. Keith __________________________________624

       A captive, he found himself in the City of Machines ... in a world without name . ..

 BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN by Garth Bentley __________________________________640

       Into the world beyond the l‘coal sack” they plunged . . . but when they returned after
       immeasurable time, they found a new earth ....

 AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS by J. M. Walsh ________________________________________________658

      She followed the unending trail through time, searching for the secret. And then
      she came to our own era ....

 ■	EXILES OF THE MOON by Nathan Schachner and Arthur L. Zagat _______________________670

      (In Three Parts—Part Two)

       On the moon's pitiless surface, they fought with harsh nature for life itself. But
       then came the great discovery ....

WHAT IS YOUR SCIENCE KNOWLEDGE?------------------------------------------657

SCIENCE QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS --------------—.—________________________________________710

THE READER SPEAKS—Letters From Readers --------------------------------------712

 ON THE COVER this month from J. E. Keith's story “Between Dimensions” we see our
      adventurer into the unknown world being lifted, by the almost human mechanical tripod,
      from the basket, and being placed on a conveyor belt where our hero will be “exam-
      ined”. In the background is the strange City of Machines.

  VONDEB STORIES—Monthly—Entered as second class matter In	In United States and Its possessions. In Canada and foreign

  the Post Office &t New York N. Y.. under act of March 3.	countries. $3.00 a year 81ngle copies 25c.

  1879. Title registered 11. S. Patent Office. Trademarks and	Address all contributions for •'ubllcatlon to Editor. WONDER

  copyrights oy permission of Gernsback Publications. Inc.. 98	STORIES. 96-98 Park Place, New York. Publishers are not

  Park Place. New York City, owner of all trademark rights,	responsible for lost MSS. Contributions cannot be returned un-

  Co0yrlgIit. 1931, by Gernsback Publications, Inc. Text and il-	less authors reml* full nostage

  lustrations of this magazine are copyright and must not b» re-	WONDER STORIES Is for sale at principal newBatand* in the

  produced without permission of the copyright owners.	United 8tates and Canada

  WONDER STORIES is published on the 3rd of the preceding	CHANGE OB’ ADDRESS. Always give us old as well as new

  month. IS numbers per year, subscription price ls $2.50 a year	address and notify us as far in advance as possible.

STELLAR PUBLISHING CORPORATION

 H. GERNSBACK, Pres.	S. GERNSBACK, Treas.	I. S. MANHEIMER, Sec’y*

Editorial. Publication and General Offices. 96-98 Park Place, New York City.

Chicago Advertislno Representative—L. F. McClure, 737 North Michigan Ave.

Los Angeles Advertising Representative—Loyd B. Chappell, 220 No. Catalina St.

London Agent: Hachette .& Cie..	Pari* Ageni Hachette & Cie. Australian Agents: McGill's Agency.

  8 La Belle Sauvage. LuUgate Hill, E. C. 4	111 Rue Reaumur	179 Elizabeth St., Melbourne

--- 578 -
WONDER STORIES

WIN FAME^FOKRINE-

* radio/

                             Scores of jobs are open to the Trained Man—
                             jobs as Designer, Inspector and Tester—as
                             Radio Salesman and in Service and Installa-
                             tion work—as Operator, Mechanic or Manager

                                   of a Broadcasting Station — as Wireless Operator on a
                                   Ship or Airplane—jobs with Talking Picture Theatres
                                   and Manufacturers of Sound Equipment — with Tele-
                                   vision Laboratories and Studios— fascinating jobs,
                                   offering unlimited opportunities to the Trained Man.

Ten Weeks of Shop Training

Come to Coyne In Chicago and

TUAL SHOP WORK ON AC-
TUAL RADIO EQUIPMENT.
Some students finish the entire
course in 8 weeks. The average
time is only 10 weeks. But yon
can stay as long as you please, at
no extra cost to you. No pre-
vious experience necessary.

TELEVISION and
Talking Pictures

In addition to the most modern
Radio equipment, we have in-
stalled in our shops a complete
model Broadcasting Station, with
sound-proof Studio and modem
Transmitter with 1,000 watt
tubes—the Jenkins Television

Transmitter with dozensof home-
type Television receiving sets—
and a complete Talking Picture
installation for both “sound on
film” and “sound on disk.” We
have spared no expense in our
effort to make your training as
COMPLETE and PRACTICAL
as possible.

Free Employment

Service to Students

 part-time work while at school.
 Some of our students pay a
 large part of their living ex-
 penses in this way.

Coyne is 32 Years Old

 Coyne has been located right
 here in Chicago since 1899. Coyne
 Training is tested—proven by
 hundreds of successful gradu-
 ates. Y ou can get all the facts—

 FREE. JUST MAIL THE COUPON
 FOR A FREE COPY OF OUR BIG
 RADIO AND TELEVISION BOOK,
 telling all about joba... salaries... op-

 Sortunitiea. This does not obligate you.
 ust mail the coupon.

H. C. Lewis, Pres.	HfldtO DiViStOlf	rounaea *»»» .

Coyne Electrical School i

Af teryouhave finished the course,
we will do all we can to help you
find the job you want. We employ

three menonafulUimebas- ^ mmw^^ ^ H Hm hbhmbm ■
IS Whose Sole job iS tO help J H_ Ci LEW|S, President

our students in findingposi- I Radio Division, Coyne Electrical School*

tions. And should you be a | soo s. Paulina St., Dept. 71-8H, Chicago, 111*
little short of funds, we’ll | Send me your Big Free Radio, Television and
gladly help you in finding ■ TalkingPictureBook.Thiadoesnotobligatame

              Radio Division	Founded iaoa ,

                 Name..........................................

500 S. Paulina St. Dept. 71-8H Chicago, 111. I

                                                                       Address.

                              ■ City........................State.
580

WONDER STORIES

 MCTORfUk&B' I
 I T0CC\\l %

Xpnasir

THE

WORLD

BELOW

WRICHT

 EARTH

 TUBE

 0U

  PURPLE

  SAPPHIRE

TAINE

tMt

 PURPU

 CLOUD

SHIEL

OUT OF

THE

SILENCE

 MttrUl

  Bn*ce

 sum VAN

 COX

oiasgBACK

ifAPLEI

ftaToine

*urno*

 TARZAN

  lWCAYCf

  IlHf BfiU*
  I NMSt

 (!MlU

Nc£lUi>*

SCIENCE PUBLICATIONS	».™“T

WE present to the readers of WONDER STORIES the most complete selection rf recent important science fiction. We have
selected these books because they are the foremost of their kind today. There is such a great variety that it will satisfy
any taste that any student of science fiction might have.

We have no catalog and ask you to be kind enough to order direct from this page. Prompt shipments will be made. Remit by
money order or certified check. If you send cash, be sure to register it. No C.O.D.'s. Books sent prepaid in U. S. A.
Add postage for foreign countries.

MU KARA

by Muriel Bruce, 275 pages, stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 8.	$2.50

Price...........— “

Explorations into tho unknown parts of our
globe are revealing the most astonishing re-
mains of ancient Civilization. On the
basis of the notes of the Fawcett expedition,
Bruce has constructed a most thrilling story
of the meeting of our civilization with one
whose strangeness, mystery and power over
nature will astound you.

A FIGHTING MAN OF MARS

by Edgar Rice Burroughs, 320 pages. stiff

doth covers. Size 5*4 x 7V4. $2.00

of

Price

Burroughs, an acknowledged master
science fiction is at his best in this ex-
ritini! tale of interplanetary conflict. The
story of Hadron of Hnstor will carry you
the length and breadth of the red planet
upon a series of unequalled red-blooded
adventures. The Martian stories of Bur*
roughs were his first love and he returns
to them now for a new triumph.

THE WORLD BELOW

by S. Fowler Wright. 350 pages, stiff cloth
3tM s * ____$2.00

covers.

Price

What could the man of today really do and
accomplish if he were thrown into the world
of 5,000.000 A. I).? What would he do
when confronted with his own race incredibly
aged? A richly Imaginative novel, that will
shake you from your seat and leave you
breathless with wonder.

GREEN FIRE

by John Talne. 300 pages,
covers. Size 5Vi x 7V4.

Price----

                                   Stiff cloth
                                   . $2.00

Someone has been tampering with the uni-
verse. This Is a powerful novel—intensely
realistic, yet weird and fantastic—of two
rival scientists who struggio to gain con-
trol of the terrible energy within the atom
—one for good and one for ovll.

OUT OF THE SILENCE

by Erie Cox. 310 pages, stiff cloth covers.

g&5* * 7*-_____$2.00

In many ways, this story is unbeatable.
From out of the silence of millions of
years comes a mystery, a force and a
menace so colossal that it staggers the im-
agination. The story, revealing the mystery
as it docs, hit by bit, becomes more and
more fascinating and overpowering.

THE EARTH TUBE

by Gawain Edwards. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

Size 5* x 7V4.	$2.00

 covers.

 Price

The popular author of "Tho Rescue" and
"The lteturn from Jupiter" achieves an-
other success in this powerful novel. A
tube through the earth .... an invincible
army possessed of strange scientific weapons
capturing South America. Mr. Edwards is
a rising star on the horizon of science
fiction, and in thi3 volume he exceeds him-
self. '

THE DAY OF THE BROWN HORDE

by Richard Tooker. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 5x 7%. _ $2.50

The author, with an original conception
goes bark into the dim past of our earth
to re-create what is unknown to us! With
consummate skill he builds up the life of
our primordial ancestor, prehistoric man.
Mr. Tocker has achieved a triumph of the
human imagination.

THE PURPLE CLOUD

by M. T. Shlol. 300 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 5*4 x 7*. ....... $2.50

The thrill and the danger of»a trip to un-
known portions of the globe for an enorm-
ous reward .... madness creeping on deso-
late rf*en . . . the return of one man to
civilization to find he is the only living
being on earth. A most astounding por-
trayal of a world catastrophe.

DOCTOR FOGG '

by Norman Matson. 1G5 pages, stiff cloth

Rovers. Size 5Vi x 7Vi.	$2.00

Doctor Fogg has created a mosl astonishing
invention, his sway extends to the further-
est stars ... he has creatcd life .... But
a world filled With greed . . . envy ....
deadly curiosity burst down upon this harm-
less man to invade his life and fill his
days with madness......

LAST AND FIRST MEN

by W. Olaf Stapledon. 370 pages, stiff

Size 5Vi x 7 V*. $2.50

doth covers.
Price

This amazing book, which has created a
virtual sensation abroad traces the history
of the human race over the next hundred
million years! Adventures on earth, ad-
ventures on other planets, great interplane-
tary wars, tho most astounding inventions
just fill the pages of this fascinating
story.

QUAYLE’S INVENTION

by John Talne. 450 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5% x 7Vj.	$2.00

"You are a menace to civilization," said
the banker to young Quayie. and left tho
inventor to die upon the sun-scorched island.
But with superhuman courage Quayie strug-
gles against pitiless nature to roturn to
civilization. There i3 also the secret of
his invention, that can make the youug man
master of tho planet. Science fiction of
the most extraordinary power.

THE PURPLE SAPPHIRE

by John Talne. 325 pages. Stiff- cloth
covers. Size 5V4 x 7Vfe........ $2.00

From the depth* of Thibet came the strange
purple sapphires, jewels of startling value
and great beauty. Into the heart of this
unknown land in search of fabulous wealth
went two men and a girl to the most un-
usual adventures that befcl human beings.

IN THE BEGINNING

by Alan Sullivan. 305 pages. Stiff cloth

covers. Size 5% x 7Vi.	$2.00

Adventures that outdo the famous "Mys-
terious Island" of Jules Verne. A million
years have vanished over tho heads of
strange, bizarre creatures that our explorers
find. A conflict between men of tho 20th
century and the Pleistocene men and
women who speak in clucks and do not
even know fire ....

THE GREATEST ADVENTURE

by John Talne. 250 pages. Stiff cloth
covers. Size 5V4 x 7%. .......... $2.50

A body of scientists are plunged into tho
most terrifying of adventures, into conflict
with pitiless nature when she deems it time
for a gigantic display of her power ....
truly a great adventure stOry.

          RALPH I24C 4I-|-
A Romance of the Year 2660 by Hugo
Gernsback. 300 pages. Illustrated. Stiff
cloth covers. Size 5V4 x 7V6. ^2 00

Not since the publication of tho stories of
Jules Verne has there appeared such a book.
Mr. Gernsback, Editor of ~ WONDER
STORIES, with a keen insight Into the
progross of the world, has constructed a
brilliant setting in the year 2660 for his
romance.

Raloh's tremendous battle through Inter-
planetary space, with Its tragedy and torror,
and the use of the most incredible weapons,
that will some day come truo, make a
classic of sclenco fiction.

LATEST SCIENCE FICTION
VOLUME 3
No. 5

Wonder

ww Stories

OCTOBER

 1931

    Prophetic Fiction is the Mother of Scientific Fact

                     Hugo Gernsback, Editor-in-Chief
 DAVID LASSER, Managing Editor	FRANK R. PAUL, Art Editor

                     C. P. MASON, Associate Editor

Important

 Announcement!

A YEAR ago, with the November, 1930 issue, the format of WONDER
STORIES was reduced to a smaller size.

 We believed at that time that the change to smaller size would be wel-
 comed by the majority of our readers, and we continued printing the maga-
 zine at this size for a year.

      It appears now, however, that the majority of our readers have not looked
 kindly on the change, and during the year, we were flooded with many thou-
 sands of letters, (the numbers, of late, have been increasing) urging that we
 should return to the larger size.

     Most of the readers argued that a magazine of such educational value
 as ours should not be placed on a par with the “pulp” magazines of a more
 sensational type. A large percentage of our readers seem to think that the
 larger size with smooth edges was more dignified, and gave a better appear-
 ance to the magazine, than the smaller size with its rough edges.

      Heeding these letters, and the overwhelming preference of our readers,
 we are going back to the larger size, which we formerly printed, with the next
 issue.

      This issue, therefore, is the last that will appear in the small magazine
 size. Look among the large-size magazines for the next issue!

A PLEASANT SURPRISE!

     The November issue of WONDER STORIES will also give you a pleasant
 surprise—something that many readers have been asking for, but which was
 not possible until now to give you.

      You will not only be surprised, but we are certain that you will also be
 highly delighted, with another important change which will also be incorpor-
 ated in the November issue.

      Inasmuch as there will be a large demand for the next issue, we advise
 you to place your order with your newsdealer at once, so you will not be dis-
 appointed.

The Publishers.

581
The Return of the Cosmic Gun

 By Morrison F. Colladay

                                                                                    (Illustrated by Marchioni)

  There was a flash of violet light and the river seemed to explode with
  a roar. A cylinder of incandescence penetrated the river • • • •
The Return of the Cosmic Gun

rp HE big tri-motor-	By the author of

1 ed transport plane	‘Tfce Cosmic Gun-

had been flying	„

through the fog for the	The Sllent Scour8e

past hour, guided by radio direction signals, the upper
Suddenly its motors stopped functioning.

The two pilots forward held a rapid consul-

         ened the fog. The un-
dercarriage scraped
the roof of a barn and
one wing tore through
branches of a tree which the

tation while most of the passengers, realizing
that something was
wrong but not knowing
what, gazed helplessly
at them. Two or three
left their seats and
started toward the con-
trol compartment. One
of the pilots opened the
door leading into the
main cabin and mo-
tioned them back.

 ’‘Nothing to be
frightened about,” he
said. “Go back to your
seats.”

  “But what has hap-
pened?” asked a nerv-
ous-looking elderly
man.

 “Something wrong
with the motors. We’ll
make a perfectly safe
landing if you keep
cool.”

 Henry Carey and
Bill Adams were sit-
ting well forward in
the cabin. They glanc-
ed at each other tense-
ly-

  “Fog’s pretty thick,”
said Adams. “Can’t
see much. Maybe we
won’t hit anything.”

 “Looks bad, does
it?” asked Carey.

  “A life insurance
company wouldn’t re-
gard us as good risks during the next five
minutes.”

  The plane glided downward with both
pilots staring intently below and ahead. As
it neared the ground a sudden breeze light-

pilot at the controls made a sudden swerve
to avoid, as it loomed out of the thinning
mist. The wheels struck the ground, bump-
ed for fifty yards over
a meadow and col-
lapsed, throwing the
plane forward on its
nose.

  Most of the passen-
gers were badly shak-
en up and bruised, but
none was seriously
hurt. When the first
excitement was over
the pilots began e«x-
amining the motors.
Finally one of them
started across the fields
to the nearest house.

  “What went wrong?”
Adams asked the other
who remained with the
plane.

  “Motors stopped,”
he replied briefly.

  “All three of them at
once?”

    HE pilot glanced
at him. “You
was up there, wasn’t
you? You know
whether they all stop-
ped or not.”

 Adams’ eyes nar-
rowed. “It seems to
me that the plane had
been sent out in bad
condition. It’s just
good luck we weren’t
all killed. I’m going
to find out who’s to blame.”

  “Sure, and tell me when you find out.
I’d like to meet that guy for about five
minutes.”

  Adams looked at him keenly. “Some-

  THATCHING the steadySs.
  ' ^ onslaught of the rack-
  eteer into every corner of
  our lives we often ask,

  "Where will it end?” No
  one knows, for it is certain
  that the more powerful the
  racketeer becomes the less
  resistance will he made
  against his further pro-
  gress.

    Naturally, if the rack-
  eteer is to compete with
  law and order he must be-
  come organized, he must
  make use of scientific in-
  struments and in a sense
  become respectable. When
  that occurs, the racketeer
  will disappear and in his
  place will appear a busi-
  ness, carefully organized
  to prey upon other busi-
  nesses and perhaps upon
  the government.

    From that time a war to
  the death is inevitable. All
  the forces of the racketeer
  will be mustered against
  the full power of the law,
  and the ensuing conflict
  will take the proportions
  of a great national war.

    Our author has taken a
look into the not too dist-
ant future in this exciting
story and gives us a start-
^ ling view of what may yet ^
^happen.	r

583
WONDER STORIES

body's been fooling with the motors?”
“There ain’t nothing wrong with the mo-
tors.”

  “Not when all three of them go out of
commission at the same time?”

  “I’m telling you, the motors are O.K.”
“They stopped, didn’t they, so you had
to make a forced landing in the fog?”

  The pilot stared at him suspiciously. “Say,
mister, I ain’t doing no more talking. You
can get all the information you want from
the office in Chicago.”

  “When will we reach Chicago?”

  “My buddy’s phoning for a relief plane
now. You can wait for that, or we’ll send
you on by train if you’ve lost your nerve.”
Adams drew Carey to
one side. “Let’s get out
of here while we have the
chance,” he said. “I’ve
got a hunch that an at-
tempt was made to wreck
that plane to get you.”

  “Me?” asked Carey in
astonishmqnt. “Who’d
want to kill me?”

 “Come on,” urged
Adams. “We haven’t any
time to waste talking now.

Your name’s Henry Jones
and you’re a salesman
for a St. Louis shoe con-
cern, if anyone asks you.”

 “Y ou haven’t gone
mad, Bill?”

  Adams paid no attention to the question,
but hurried his friend towrard a road on
which passing cars were visible through
the thinning fog. They climbed the rail
fence bordering it just as a commission
house truck loaded with watermelons came
along. Adams jumped in front of the
truck, waving his arms. The driver slam-
med on his brakes and slid to a stop.

  He glowered at the two men. “Good
thing I’m a church member and a dry. Most
ol the guys drivin’ along here w'ould rather
kill a prohibition agent than not.”

  Adams laughed. “We’re not prohibition
agents. We were passengers in a plane
that crashed in a meadow half a mile back

there. We’ve got to get to the nearest towrn
as soon as we can.”

  “Plane crashed, eh?” The driver stood
up and gazed across the fields. “Anybody
hurt?”

  “All of us f>ruised a bit. We were lucky
not to hit anything, landing in the fog.”
“I’ll say you was. Where do you want

to go?”

  “Any town that has a railroad station.”
“I’m runnin’ into Toledo. That suit
you?”

  “That’ll do fine.”

  “All right, one of you can sit here in
front with me. The other one’ll have to
ride with the melons."

  “You sit in front,” said
Adams to Carey. “I’ve
ridden on melons before.
I was brought up on a
farm.”

A Case of Pre-
meditatidn

ADAMS and Carey
were graduated from
the University of Chicago
in the same class ten
years before, but their
careers had kept them
apart since, except for an
occasional meeting. Carey
was professor of physics
at the University and fam-
ous for his discovery of
certain methods of energy control. There
had been recent newspaper rumors of a revo-
lutionary discovery he had made that was
so dangerous in its possibilities that all in-
formation about it had been suppressed by
the federal government.

  When Bill Adams left college he took a
job as reporter on the Chicago Tribune.
He rapidly became the confidant of both
gangsters and corporation presidents. He
went to Washington as correspondent for
his paper and established intimate contacts
writh statesmen and lobbyists. Finally he
severed his connection with the Tribune to
go abroad on confidential missions for the
State Department.

MORRISON COLLADAY
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

585

  Now with Carey he was on his way from
Washington to Chicago after a secret con-
ference with the President of the United
States.

* * *

  As a Chicago bound train pulled out of
the Toledo station two hot and dusty men
raced down the platform and boarded the
last car. Ten minutes later they were in
a drawing-room with curtains down and
door locked.

  Adams grinned at Carey, who was ser-
ious. “Get it off your chest, Henry,” he
said, “and you’ll feel better.”

  “I feel all right, but I’d like to know
why you’ve been rushing me all over the
country on a day as hot as this.”

  “I told you before—to keep you from be--
ing murdered. Maybe you don’t think that’s
important, but the government has uses for
you just at present.” -

  “You’re crazy, Bill. Who’d want to mur-
der me?”

  “Ever hear of the IBPA—the Internation-
al Business Protective Association?”

  “Only what I’ve read in the papers.
Why?”

  “Evidently the IBPA has come to the con-
clusion that you and your ether wave gener-
ator are dangerous to their activities. They’ll
feel safer if you’re killed in a plane crash
or some other accident.”

  Carey laughed. “I don’t believe the
IBPA ever heard of me.”,

  “You’re top modest, Henry. The govern-
ment rather expected an attempt on your
life when the news of your trip to Wash-
ington leaked out. Sending you back by
plane seemed the safest way. Evidently it
wasn't as safe as we thought.”	«

  “You mean the stopping of the motors of
the plane in that fog was deliberate?”

  “Just as sure as you’re sitting there. The
chances against our making a safe landing
must have been fifty to one.”

  Carey shook his head. “It doesn’t sound
reasonable to me. The pilots wouldn’t take
a chance like that. They couldn't kill me
without killing themselves.”

  “The pilots didn’t have anything to do
with stopping the motors.”

  “How could anyone else stop them?” ask-
ed Carey incredulously.

  “Look here, Henry,” said Adams earnest-
ly, “you’ve got to take some of the things
I’m going to tell you on faith. We’re up
against a serious proposition. You say you’ve
read things in the papers about the IBPA,
but the papers daren’t print half they
know.”

  “Why not?”

  “Because the IBPA is the most powerful
organization in the world today. It’s a com-
bination of the old gangsters and profession-
al criminals with all the dissatisfied ele-
ments in every country. It preys on business
all over the world. A speakeasy bombing
in Chicago or a war in China are equally
likely to be its doing. No newspaper dare
antagonize it.”

                   »

CAREY laughed. “Maybe a newspaper
couldn’t, but the government could.
You’ve been a reporter so long, Bill, you’ve
lost all sense of proportion. Why, if an
organization got as powerful as that, all the
governments in the world would combine to
destroy it as a measure of self preserva-
tion.”

  “Correct, Henry, and that’s exactly what
is happening now. I can’t tell you all the
details of the plan yet, but your going to
Washington was part of it. We’ve had to
move carefully, because we can’t tell whom
to trust. Police, district attorneys, judges,
members of Congress, all belong to the
IBPA. It has unlimited wealth. Its spies
are everywhere. It’s so powerful that most
people feel it’s safer to be on the side of
the IBPA than against it.”

  “Well, even if this is all true, what has
it to do with stopping the motors on our
plane today?”

  “Everything. The IBPA has the finest
laboratories in the world and a very clever
staff of scientists and inventors working for
it, not only in this country but abroad. It
has developed at least two very dangerous
secret weapons that the government has
learned about. Doubtless there are others.”

  Carey looked unconvinced. “Why do they
need dangerous secret weapons? They’re
586

WONDER STORIES

just blackmailers and racketeers on a big
scale, aren’t they?”

  “Not any more. That’s the way they
started off, but they’ve grown so strong that
they’re ready to precipitate a revolution the
first time they have a good excuse. The men
back of the IBPA have been getting ready
for ten years for a conflict with the armed
forces of the government.”

  “What’s the idea? What have they to
gain ? ”

  Adams shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe
they’re tired of being called racketeers and
gangsters. Besides, there’s a nut at the
head of the IBPA who thinks he’s destined
to be the ruler of the world, or something
like that.”

   “It sounds like a dope dream to me. Sure
you’re not imagining it, Bill?”

  “Listen, Henry. I told you the IBPA has
two dangerous weapons that the government
4ti)ows about. One of them they call the
arrestor ray, and among other uses, it par-
alyzes the ignition systems of all internal
combustion engines. That’s how they stop-
ped the motors of our plane today.”

  Carey looked thoughtful. “1 suppose
that’s possible,” he said. “I remember there
were newspaper reports a few years ago
about the trial of some such ray by the Ger-
man army. 1 seem to remember the German
government denied the whole thing.”

  “You wouldn’t expect them to acknowl-
edge it, would you? Suppose when the next
war starts, France sends a fleet of planes
to bombard the German cities. The Ger-
mans raise a barrage of the rays and the
planes fall to the ground. You bet they
won’t acknowledge it.”

   “Well,” said Carey, “even if the Germans
have the secret of paralyzing ignition sys-
tems from a distance, it doesn’t follow that
the IBPA knows it.”

   “The government has satisfied itself about
that. One of the Secret Service men, dis-
guised as a mechanic,’joined the IBPA and
managed to get reports to headquarters de-
scribing this weapon and another one he
called a ‘detonating ray machine’. Unfor-
tionately, this man disappeared mysteriously
about six months ago, or we might know
a lot more than we do.”

  “What’s the detonating ray supposed to
do?”

  “It’s a machine which will set off any ex-
plosive at a distance of at least ten miles.”
“Well, they've got something if they’ve
got that,” said Carey. “It puts the govern-
ment in a nasty hole if your friends the
IBPA really want to start a revolution,
doesn’t it? They could blow the army to
bits before it got near enough to fire a shot.”
“Washington realizes that. That’s why
it’s moving so carefully. Before you in-
vented your generator, it had only one
chance to break up the IBPA. Now of
course, it has two.”

  “What was the first one?”

  “Locate the headquarters and workshops
of the IBPA and destroy them and all their
equipment by a surprise attack.”

  “Well, that looks comparatively simple.
Why don’t they do it?”

  “Because we don’t know where they are.
That doesn’t seem possible, but it’s true.”

  “It ought to be an easy jqb for the Secret
Service.”

  “Let me tell you something. Seventeen
operatives who have been assigned to that
job have mysteriously dropped out of sight,
one after the other. What we know is abso-
lutely nothing, except that the IBPA has the
two machines I’ve told you about and is go-
ing to try to get control of the government
in the near future.”

  “Perhaps they wanted the government to
know that,” suggested Carey.

  “Maybe they did. Of course, the machines
won’t be any good against your ether wave
generator. You’ve given the government a
fighting chance.”

CAREY nodded. “You think the men
who control the IBPA have found out,
about my generator and are trying to get
me out of the way?”

  “Thai’s it. Your discovery came at a bad
time for them. They’ve got all their plans
made to seize the government and set up a
dictatorship. They have to prevent the
government from using your new machine,
if they’re to be successful.”

  “What makes you think they know about
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

587

the generator?” asked Carey. /‘Nothing
definite has been published about it.”

  “I guess they have a pretty good Secret
Service of their own. I have a copy of a
mimeographed letter that was intercepted in
mail addressed to a suspected congressman.”
Adams ran over the pages in a wallet.
“Here it is.” He read aloud: “‘What is
known as an ether wave generator has been
invented by Professor Henry Carey of the
University of Chicago. If the claims made
for it are true, it is undoubtedly the most
dangerous weapon over constructed. It gen-
erates a new kind of energy which blankets
01 destroys all other forms.

  “ ‘The theory of the machine is not under-
stood, but apparently all matter in the
area reached by the waves disintegrates in-
stantly. It is urgently necessary that addi-
tional information as to the construction of
this machine be secured without delay’.”
Carey took the sheet of paper from Adams’
hand. He gazed at it thoughtfully.

  “You see, Henry,” continued Adams,
“they’re fools if they don’t try to get you
out of the way. What good will their de-
tonating machines or any other weapons be
against your generator? ’

  “Not much, if we dared use it.”

  “What’s to stop your using it?”

  “We’re afraid of it. Even the smallest ex-
perimental machine is so dangerous that we
haven’t been able to test it satisfactorily.”
Adams stared at him. “What about the
big one you built on that forty-ton trailer out
at the Naval Station?”

  “It’s built, but we’ve never tried it. I hope
we’ll never have to.”

  “You mean if you used the generator you
might start something you couldn’t stop?”
“Something like that. We might—’*

CHAPTER II.
A Meeting With the I. B. P. A.

       ICKETS, please,” called a voice.

  X Adams reached over and turned
the catch on the door. “All right,” he said.

  Two men came into the room and closed
the door behind them.

  “I guess you didn’t expect us,” said the

older one with a not unpleasant smile. “We
figured if we sent in our cards you wouldn’t
be home.”

  The speaker was a short, stout man of
about forty who resembled rather the pic-
tures of Napoleon. He had dark, restless
eyes and a high forehead which retreating
hair made higher. The younger man with -
him looked like a prize fighter and was evi-
dently a bodyguard.

  “Hello, Angelino,” said Adams, “this is
an unexpected honor.” He turned to Carey.
“This is Angelo Angelino, who is a very
important man in the IBPA. I’m not sure
he isn’t the most important man in the or-
ganization.”

  “Never mind the flowers, Bill,” said An-
gelino. “You ain’t sore about us butting in
this way?‘”

  “That’s a small matter,” said Adams, “af-
ter trying to bump us off in that plane
crash.”

  Angelino frowned. “Not me. I ain’t a
damned fool.” His manner and speech
changed. “Too zealous subordinates. Too
much zeal and not enough brains. It is
most important to the IBPA that Professor
Carey remain alive.”

  Adams looked puzzled. “I don’t get you.”
“Poof, it’s very simple. We know why
Professor Carey went to Washington. We
know about the ether wave generator he
has invented. We might not have minded if
he had met with an accident on the way
East, when no one except himself knew the
secret of his invention. Now when the War
Department knows the secret, it would be
very unwise for us to destroy the simplest
way of learning it ourselves.”

  Adams nodded. “I see. You’re going to
try to force Carey to give you the infor-
mation the government possesses.”

  “We never use force unless we have to.”
Angelino eyed the two men steadily. “Like
most people, you misunderstand and under-
estimate the IBPA. Many of the greatest
minds in the world today belong to the
organization. Powerful as it already is, it’s
only at the beginning of its activities. It
controls governments now. Before long it
will replace them. Inefficient and corrupt
democracy will be succeeded by the rule of
588

WONDER STORIES

the strong for the benefit of the strong.
Both you, Professor Carey, and Bill Adams
here belong with us.”

  Carey laughed and Angelino glanced at
him questioningly. “The suggestion amuses
you, Professor?”

  “It does, rather. Of course, all I know
about your organization is what I’ve read
in the newspapers. They seem to agree that
the IBPA is a gang of racketeers and black-
mailers. You acknowledge that it tried to
murder Adams and me a few hours ago.
Now you calmly ask us to join it. Doesn’t
that strike you as amusing?”

  Angelino smiled. “Perhaps it is. We’re
apt to fix our eyes on results and ignore
the means necessary to attain them. As for
the newspapers, we’re strong enough so we
don’t find it necessary to justify ourselves,
no matter what they say. Besides, we’re
more or less grateful to them/’

  Adams looked at him curiously. “I bet
that would surprise them if they knew it.”
“I don’t know why it should. Two Chi-
cago papers started the IBPA, if they only
knew it. Years ago they hired muscle men
to beat up each other’s newsboys. We found
out that a newspaper could get away with
murder. A lot of us realized that law was
meant for the little fellow. Then prohibi-
tion came along and we were stronger than
the newspapers. We were making millions,
and the police and judges and politicians
were waiting with their tongues hanging out
for their rake-off.”

  “You saw that they got it, of course.”
“Naturally. Even at the beginning, we
never did any fighting, we didn’t have to.
The papers talk as if we were bloodthirsty
—murderers. That’s all boloney. We’re
business men and always have been. Of
course, if a guy interferes with us too much,
he isn’t a good insurance risk.”

C'l AREY leaned forward in his interest.
J ‘ “I still don’t see how you got so power-
ful as you seem to be. You must have some
remarkable men in your organization.”
“We have, but we could have grown big
without them. You see, all we did was to
take over the jobs other guys had b.een
doing, and do them better. They didn’t

call these other guys racketeers and gang-
sters, not by a damn sight. They were pri-
vate detectives and corporation police and
deputy sheriffs and strike breakers.”

  “And you consider you’re doing the same
work as these other agencies you claim to
have displaced?”

  “Sure we’re doing it and doing it a hell
of a lot better than they ever did. The
American Bankers’ Association used to pay
the Burns men for protecting their banks.
Now they pay the IBPA and there ain’t any
bank robberies. The big corporations used
to pay the Pinkertons for their strong arm
work. Now they pay us. Strikes used to
cost a lot of money. Now if a corporation
pays its fees it don’t have to worry about
strikes.”

  “Suppose the men strike anyhow?” in-
quired Carey curiously. “I don’t suppose
you control all the unions?”

  “The union officers obey orders. It’s not
healthy for them not to.”

  “How far does the system extend?”
Angelino shrugged his shoulders. “Most
business men pay for protection and get it.
We take care of them and they don’t have
to do any worrying.”

  “How about the man who refuses to pay
for protection?”

  “He soon finds out how bad he needs it.
If he isn’t a fool, he fixes things up with
us.”

  “Suppose he’s stubborn and keeps on
fighting you?”

  “There aren’t many of that kind. They
don’t bother us much. They don’t stay in
business long. Have an accident, usually.”
“I see.”

  “Now don’t get this wrong,” Angelino
said earnestly. “It isn’t fair to the man
who’s paying for protection for the other
guy to get by without it.”

  “See here, Angelino,” interrupted Adams,
“why are you telling us all this? You know
I’m still a newspaper man.”

  “Sure I know that, but you’re both big
men. That’s the reason I can talk to you.
I don’t have to fool you. I told you the
IBPA never fights for a thing it can get
any other way. We canmse both of you.
“The IBPA is in a position to do more
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

589

for you than anyone else could. Wait a
minute,” he said as Adams started to pro-
test. “I’m not talking about money. For
Professor Carey, unlimited resources for
whatever scientific research he desires to en-
rgage in. For you, Bill, unlimited power
and influence in charge of both publicity
and propaganda for the IBPA.”

  Adams flushed angrily, but before he
could speak Carey took the situation out
of his hands.

   “There’s no use refusing Mr. Angelino’s
offer without considering it carefully, Bill,”
he said. “I want to ask him a few ques-
tions.” He turned Jo Angelino. “You don’t
mind, do you?”

   “Shoot, Professor.”

   “You’ve been quite frank about the meth-
 ods of the IBPA. How do you justify them
 ethically? It wouldn’t be any of my busi-
 ness naturally, if you weren’t asking me to
 become associated with you.”

  “We’re practical men,” answered Ange-
lino. “We don’t believe governments should
be run for the benefit of the weak. Justice,
liberty, right and wrong we believe are just
words. Life is a struggle and the rewards
go to the strong and ruthless. That’s our
philosophy in a nutshell. It’s the phil-
osophy all strong men live by, no matter
what they profess.”

  “I understand,” said Carey. “You said
something about the IBPA actually taking
over the government of this country. Did
you mean that seriously?”

   “Certainly. The IBPA is really the secret
 government of the United States now. We’re
 going to kick the stuffed shirts out. It won’t
 be long.”

   “You mean you’re going to start a revo-
lution?”

   “It won’t be important enough to call a
revolution,” Angelino said. “We give the
word and the presidency, congress and the
courts are abolished. The IBPA takes over
the country and runs it on a business basis.”

IT occurred to Carey that the man was
insane and the thought must have shown
i.i his expression.

   Angelino shook his head. “I’m not crazy.
 It won’t be much of a change. Most govern-

 ment officials are figureheads now. We tell
 them what to do and they do it.”

  “It’s going to be a pretty big job, isn’t
it?” asked Carey. “There’s the army and
navy. I don’t believe you control them.
Then the hundred million or so people
who live outside the cities—”

  Angelino /waved his hand indifferently.
“We’re ready for them all. We can wipe
the army and navy out of existence in an
hour if we Avant to. The hundred million
people you’re talking about won’t resist
long. What do you suppose our laborator-
ies and workshops have been doing for the
past ten years? Besides, most people will
probably be glad to have us take over the
government.”

  Adams who had been listening, laughed
at this point. “What makes you think they’ll
be glad?” he asked sarcastically.

  “Because the average man is pretty level
headed. He’ll find out when we start out
to do anything we get results. We’ll abol*
ish crime. There won’t be any police forces
or prisons. I guess that sounds funny to
you, but we won’t need them. Things will
be organized. Business will contribute to
the government just as it does now to us.
There won’t be any room for criminals. We’ll
Ci:ll them traitors and—” he shrugged his
shoulders—“and exterminate them.”

  “Suppose I should publish your plans,
Angelino,” said Adams.

  “You won’t if you become one of us.”
  “And if I turn your offer down?”

  “You won’t have the opportunity to pub-
lish them.”

  “I see. Carey and I either join the IBPA
or else—”

  Angelino smiled deprecatingly. “You
dcn’t have to worry, Bill. You and the Pro-
fessor will be our guests for, say, a couple
of weeks. After that it won’t make any dif-
ference what you publish.”

  Adams noticed that Angelino’s gorilla
seemed bored by this long conversation. He
was standing with his back to the door, his
gaze fixed vacantly on the landscape flying
by the windows. Angelino was sitting fac-
ing Carey, both men intensely interested in
the discussion. Adams was lounging in the
wash room doprway.
590

WONDER STORIES

  Bill had been amateur boxing champion at
the university and he had kept himself in
fair condition. He decided to take a chance,
though he was unarmed and the gorilla’s
forty-five automatic was visible in a shoul-
der holster. Suddenly he leaped forward
as the train swung around a curve. The gor-
illa’s head smashed back against the door
from the force of the blow on his chin, and
he sank slowly to the floor.

  Adams snatched the forty-five from its
holster and whirled toward Angelino, who
had turned at the sound of the blow.

, “Up with them!” snapped Adams. Then
he grinned. “I always said you guys weren’t
so hot with the rods. That’s why you Use a
machine gun to get a man. Keep ’em up!”
he ordered sharply as Angelino started to
lower his hands. “Come over here and take
this gun, Henry.”

CHAPTER III.
In Hiding

CALEB PAXTON lived in a French cha-
teau which stood in the middle of a
large estate at Winnetka. There was a pri-
vate dock and lying off shore, a yacht big
enough-to cross the ocean.

  “Do you suppose he’ll see us?’ ’Carey ask-
ed Adams as the two men stepped out of a
taxicab at the door.

  “He’s been waiting for me,” Adams ex-
plained. “I was to report to him as soon
as we reached Chicago.”

  A butler who evidently recognized Adams
ushered the two men into a reception room.
“I’ll tell Mr. Paxton you’re here.”

  A moment later a worried-looking man of
about sixty hurried into the room. He gave
an exclamation of relief when he saw Adams,
and waved the butler out, closing the door
behind him.

  “Are you all right?” he asked. “I’ve
been trying to locate you for hours.”

  “Gilt edge,” Adams assured him. “This
is Professor Carey, Mr. Paxton.”

  “Mighty glad to see you too, Carey,” said
Paxton, offering his hand. “The State De-
partment was on the phone only five min-

utes ago, trying to get information about
you.”

  “What’s all the excitement?” asked
Adams. “We’ve had plenty of adventures,
but nobody could have known about them
already.”

  “You think so, do you? All the papers
had scare heads about the plane crash. First
they had you and Carey killed. Then this
was denied by the transport company. They
insisted that you weren't injured, either of
you, but that you’d mysteriously disappear-
ed. I phoned the police departments of all
the nearby towns, but no one had seen you.”
“Now that just shows the efficiency of the
IBPA,” said Adams. “We got a truck to
give us a lift into Toledo right after the
crash, and we caught the Chicago train as it
was pulling out. The police didn’t know
where we were, but the IBPA did. Angelino
got on the same train.”

  “Angelino!” exclaimed Paxton, frowning.
“You’ve seen him?”

  “We not only saw him, we had a long
talk with him,” said Adams. “As a matter
of fact, he told us all about the plans of
the IBPA. They’re going to take forcible
possession of the national government in the
course of the next few weeks.”

  “You’re joking?”

  “I was never more serious in my life. An-
gelino invited us to join the IBPA. He said
if we didn’t he’d kidnap us and keep u$ lock-
ed up until the happy event took place.”
“But you got away from him!”

  “We’re here, aren’t we? We put some-
thing over on Angelino this time.”

  Paxton was pacing nervously up and
down the floor. “Tell me exactly what hap-
pened. What did Angelino tell you? We’ll
have to decide what’s to be done.”

  Adams began, “Well, after those rumors
got out about Carey’s ether wave generator,
we knew we’d have to get him to Washing-
ton secretly if we didn’t want him murdered
before he got there. We got him there all
right. We thought he wouldn’t be in much
danger on the return trip, because the IBPA
would realize that killing him wasn’t going
to suppress knowledge of the generator.

  “We allowed the information to leak out
that the government was in possession of
TIIE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

591

full plans and specifications for the machine.
Still, it wasn't worthwhile taking unneces-
sary risks, and we decided the safest way
for Carey to return to Chicago was by
plane.”

  “It doesn’t seem to have been particular-
ly safe,” Paxton remarked.

  “That’s because the IBPA used one of their
ray machines on us. They paralyzed the
ignition of the motors on our plane while it
was flying in a heavy fog. We landed safe-
ly, but it was a fifty-to-one shot we
wouldn’t.”

AXTON frowned. “I’ve never believed
any of those ray machine romances.
The motors of your machine stopped and
you’re just guessing why.”

  “It’s more than a guess,” said Adams.
“Remember, it was a tri-motored plane. All
three of the motors stopped at once, though
the pilots declared they were in perfect con-
dition before and after. Then Angelino ad-
mitted that an attempt had been made to kill
us. He said it was the work of ‘over-zealous
subordinates—men with too much zeal and
too little brains’.”

  “Well—never mind about that now. Tell
me what happened after you landed.”

  “I figured they’d try some other way of
killing Carey as long as the first plan fail-
ed. I thought 1,’d better get him to Chicago
as quickly as possible. There was an auto-
mobile road a half mile from where we
ci ashed, and we got a ride on a truck going
into Toledo. We jumped a Chicago train
just as it was pulling oufc^’

  “I can't see how Angelino got on your
track,” said Paxton.

  “Neither do I. I thought we’d made a
clean getaway. It w'as about an hour after
we’d left Toledo, I guess, when Angelino
shoved into our drawing-room. He had one
of his gorillas with him.”

  “Did he recognize you?”

  “Of course. I’ve known him ever since
I was a reporter on the Trib.”

  “What did he say he wanted?”

  “He invited Cary and me to join the
IBPA. He spent an hour telling us all
about the organization and what it was go-
ing to do.”

  “I suppose that suggestion made a hit
with you.”

  Adams grinned. “I started to tell him
what I thought, but Carey stopped me. In-
stead of flatly refusing to join, he tempor-
ized. I realize now that was the safest thing
to do.”

  “How did you get rid of him finally?
^tou never used to carry a gun.”

  “I don’t yet. Neither does Carey. You
remember I used to be a pretty good boxer.
I don’t think either Angelino or the gorilla
had any idea we’d try to get away. I saw
the gorjlla wasn’t watching me, and I wait-
ed till the train gave a lurch. Then I jump-
ed him—knocked him out and grabbed his
automatic. The rest was easy. We tied
both of them up and gagged them and put
them away in the washroom. We got off the
train at Gary just as it was leaving the sta-
tion, took the interurban to Chicago and
changed to a taxi as soon as we saw one.
Chicago didn’t seem exactly a healthy place
for either of us just now, so we thought
we’d visit you for a while in Winnetka.”

The Menace

PAXTON frowned in thought. “You
boys will both have to keep out of
sight, that’s one thing sure,” he said. “Your
lives won’t be worth a plugged nickel in
Chicago.”

  “Still, I’ve got to stick around where I
can be in touch with things,” said Adams.
“It’s more important now than ever. The
IBPA is going to make some move almost at
once. I’m convinced of that from what An-
gelino said. Aren’t you, Henry?”

  Carey nodded. “It sounded that way.”
“That means we’ll have to advance our
attack and get in ahead of them.”

  “That’s easier said than done,” Paxton
objected. “Did you get any definite instruc-
tions in Washington?”

  “Sure. Simple enough. Find the head-
quarters of the IBPA and destroy them. The
Slate Department is sure the nerve center
of the organization is somewhere near Chi-
cago. If we can locate it and make an un-
expected attack, we’ll have the fight pretty
well won.”
592

WONDER STORIES

  “I don’t believe finding the headquarters
is as important as getting rid of Angelino,”
said Paxton. “He’s the brains of the whole
outfit. The best thing to do is to arrest
him and fix it so somebody shoots him acci-
dentally.”

  “That’s a brilliant idea,” replied Adams.
“One of this lieutenants will step into his
saoes and we’ll be just where we are now,
except we’ll have lost the sympathy of the
public.”

  “How are we going to be any better off
if we discover the IBPA headquarters?”
“We’ll make a sudden attack and seize the
arrestor ray machines and the detonators.
They’ll be fairly helpless if we do that.”
Paxton shook his head. “I don’t take
any stock in those super-scientific gim-
cracks. I’ve been saying all along the thing
to do is to get the President to declare mar-
tial law. The gangsters won’t last long
against the army.”

  “You’re wrong about that, Paxton. The
IBPA can destroy any troops we send against
it.”

  “You mean to say that a bunch of rack-
eteers can whip the United States army?
You’re crazy, Adams!”

  “I’m not the one who’s crazy. Angelino
could destroy the whole army before it got
within ten miles of him.”

 “How?”

  “That’s one of his secrets. All we know
positively is that he can do it. He can het
off any explosive at a distance by a radio
wave tuned to the right frequency to de-
tonate that particular explosive.”

  “Nonsense!” exclaimed Paxton. “It isn’t
possible. Why, if that was true he could
set off the ammunition in an arsenal, or
blow soldiers to pieces with their own cart-
ridges.”

  Adams nodded. “That’s just it. Wash-
ington has a full report on what the machine
does, but not how. it works.”

  Paxton sank into a chair. “If they can
do that, what’s the use of fighting them?
What chance have we got?”

  “That’s where Carey comes in. That’s
the reason we took him to Washington and
why he’s so important to the IBPA. His

ether wave generator makes all their
machines useless.”

  Paxton turned to Carey. “Is that true?”
  “Yes, if we dare use it.”

  “Look here, Professor,” said Paxton.
“Tell me candidly what you think of the
situation we’re up against. You’ve seen An-
gelino and had a chance to size him up, and
you’ve been listening to our friend Adams
here.”

  Carey hesitated. “I’m so new to this
enterprise that I hardly feel I should do
any criticizing.”

  “Go ahead and criticize,” said Paxton.
“We want you to, don’t we, Adams?”

  “Sure,” nodded Adams. “You can’t hurt
our feelings.”

  “It seems to me,” began Carey thought-
fully, “that there must be something serious-
ly wrong with the Secret Service and your
oiganization if you haven’t been able to find
out where the IBPA headquarters are. After
all, factories and laboratories can’t be hid-
den very well if they’re at all extensive.”

4 srp HAT’S what we thought when we
JL started,” said Adams, “but we have-
n’t been able to discover them.”

  “You think you can trust all the men who
are working with you in this fight on the
IBPA?”

  “We think so, but of course we can’t be
sure. That’s why no one except certain
officials in Washington are familiar with
all that’s being done. The IBPA draws its
members from all classes of society. As
far as we can tell, it’s more like the old
Sicilian Mafia than any other organization
which has ever existed. I have no doubt
that there are governors and high federal
officials among its members. Certainly it
controls the big city police authorities and
criminal courts. That’s what makes our
work so difficult and dangerous.”

  “Maybe we’ve bitten off more than we
can chew,” said Paxton.

  “Not if we don’t lose our nerve,” answer-
ed Adams. “If we succeed in locating and
destroying the IBPA headquarters and then
arrest Angelino and his chief lieutenants,
these other adherents will desert like the
rats they are. They’ll tumble over them-
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

593

selves to line up on the side of law and
order.”

  “How do you know the IBPA hasn’t spies
watching all of you?” asked Carey.

  “We don’t know it. They probably have.
We can be reasonably sure they haven’t dis-
covered yet what we’re planning to do, or
we wouldn’t have been left undisturbed.”
Carey turned to Paxton. “I hope you can
trust all your servants, Mr. Paxton.”

  “You needn’t worry about that,” answer-
ed Paxton a little pompously. “I demand
lcyalty from the people who work for me,
and I get it. Of course, I pay for it,” he
added as an afterthought.

  Carey nodded. “Still I imagine the
IBPA would pay more if it suspected your
present activities.”

  Paxton looked startled. “I guess that’s
right. I hadn’t thought about that particu-
lar danger. Perhaps we’d better go out
to my yacht to finish our discussion. It
will be the best place for Adams to hide
urtil the showdown, anyhow,”

  An hour later the three men were seated
comfortably around a table in the luxurious
cabin of the Wild Goose.

  “It seems to me,” Carey was saying, “that
you fellows fighting the IBPA are wasting a
lot of time. First thing you know, Ange-
lino will get the jump on you. If the men
back of the IBPA actually get possessipn of
the government it’s going to be hard to dis-
lodge them, with public sentiment as indif-
ferent as it is.”

  “If you’ll show us how to hurry things
we’ll do it,” answered Adams a little im-
patiently. “What can we do? We might
arrest Angelino and a few of his lieutenants,
but we couldn’t even keep them locked up.”
“Tell me one thing,” said Carey. “Who’s
going to do the actual fighting in this war
you’re planning? Where are your men?”
“You needn’t worry about that,” replied
Adams. “We have them in every city in the
country, ready for action on receipt of or-
ders. Here in Chicago we have enough of
them to take possession of the city, even if
we find the IBPA controls the entire police
force.”

. “Who’s supposed to give the order?”

  “I am, if I’m alive. If anything happens

to me in the meantime, there are six other
men, any one of whom can start things mov-
ing.”

66 A ND you’re waiting until you locate
l\. the IBPA headquarters. That’s it,
is it?”

  ‘That’s it.. Until we locate and capture
their headquarters we can’t safely make a
move.”

  Carey turned to Paxton. “I’d like you
to run me back to the city in the yacht, if
you don’t mind. You can land me at the
Chicago Yacht Club.”

  The two men stared at him in astonish-
ment. “Getting ready to commit suicide?”
asked Adams.

  “Not exactly. I have an idea I can lo-
cate the IBPA headquarters and workshops
for you.”

  “You’re crazy. What chance have you
got, after what happened this afternoon?
You’ll be shot down on sight.”

  “I don’t believe that, Bill. You remember,
I didn’t refuse Angelino’s offer. I helped
tie him up, but you had a gun. I think I can
make him believe I was afraid to do any-
thing else.”

  Adams shook his head. “It’s too danger-
ous. If he ever suspects you’re double-
crossing him, you’ll have a nasty finish.”
“All the same, it’s worth trying. When
we reach the city I’ll go to my house. It
won’t take Angelino long to find out I’m
there. He wants that ether wave generator
of mine. As he said this afternoon, it
wouldn’t be convenient for me to be dead
a? long as the government has the secret and
the IBPA hasn’t. While I’m alive he’ll
believe there’s a chance of learning it.”
“Suppose Angelino does tackle you?”
asked Paxton. “What do you intend to
do?”

  “Accept his offer to join the IBPA. That
won’t surprise him. He’ll think it’s the
sensible thing to do. If he trusts me he’ll
take me to the IBPA laboratories and put
me to work making an ether wave genera-
tor for him.”

  “What good is that going to do us? If
he takes you there, you can bet he won’t
594

WONDER STORIES

trust you enough to run the risk of your
getting away.”

  “If I get to the laboratories, I’ll manage
the rest somehow.”

  “But how?” persisted Adams.

  “I can’t tell till I find what I’m up
against.”

  “You won’t have a chance. They’ll watch
you like a hawk. You couldn’t get a mes-
sage out in a thousand years.”

  “Look here, Bill, I’m not going to tell
anybody my plans, but if I reach the IBPA
headquarters, I’ll get a message to you with-
in twenty-four hours.”

  “If he feels that way about it, I think
we ought to let him use his own judgment,”
Paxton said to Adams.

  “Go ahead then,” said Adams, throwing
up his hands, “but I think it’s a damn fool
stunt.”

CHAPTER IV.

                                                            i.

Carey Joins

CAREY’S living quarters were on the
second floor of a large house near the
university. The ground floor and basement
had been converted into workshops and lab-
oratories. A negro cook and a maid took
care of the living quarters. The laboratory
was in charge of a middle aged mechanical
genius named Mike Kelly, who had assisted
Carey for years and knew more about his
work than anyone except Carey himself.

  Carey left the Wild Goose at the Yacht
Club and reached the house about midnight.
When the two servants appeared in the morn-
ing he dismissed them for the day. He then
gave Mike certain instructions and sent him
away, much against his will.

  Carey busied himself in the laboratory
while he waited. Shortly after ten o’clock
the telephone rang and he heard the voice
he had been expecting.

  “This is Angelino, Professor.”

  “Yes, I recognized your voice.”

  “Did you expect to hear from me?”

  “I did rather, after what you said in the
train yesterday.”

  “Your friend Adams is a smart guy.”

  “I was sorry about that. Still, you didn’t

handle him very diplomatically. Threats
don’t do much good with a fellow like
Adams.”

  “To hell with him. What about you? Are
you going to join us?”

“Before I decide, I’d like to talk things
over with you. I want to find out exactly
what I’ll have to do. When can I see you?”
“I’ll be at your place in twenty minutes.”

  In rather less time a large black limou-
sine stopped before Carey’s door and five
men got out, one of whom was Angelino.
Two of the men remained outside. The other
two accompanied Angelino into the house
and made a hurried search from cellar to
roof while he remained in the vestibule.

  “You mustn’t mind them,” he said to
Carey. “A good many guys would like to
bump me off, so we don’t take any chances.
Let’s get down to business.”

  “Suppose we go into the laboratory,”
suggested Carey.

  “How woulc} fifty thousand a year strike
you?” asked Angelino when they were alone.
“I guess you’re getting about ten now.”
“How do I earn the fifty thousand?”
“Well, this ain’t any charity stunt. We*ll
get our money’s worth. You start off build-
ing some of your ether wave generators for
us.”

  Carey nodded. “I thought that’s what
you’d want me to do. It will take time, of
course.”

  “Sure, we know that. It’s 0. K. with us.
We’ve got things all planned to take over
the government and we don’t. want to do
any more fighting than we have to.”

  “The government has one of the ether
wave generators, you know.”

  “What good will it do them if they
haven’t got you? You’re the only guy
knows how to work it, aren’t you?”

  Carey shrugged his shoulders. “I know
more about it than anyone else, of course.”
Angelino’s smile was grim. “I could
see yesterday you weren’t anybody’s fool,
Carey. You see our position. We couldn’t
let the government use you. If you didn’t
come with us we had to bump you off.
Some of the boys decided bumping you off
was the best way anyhow, and you know
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

595

what happened to your plane. I had an
idea you’d be more useful to us alive.
That’s why I made the proposition I did
on the train yesterday.

 “When you got away with Adams I
didn’t believe I could do any more to save
you, and I was sorry. I like you, Pro-
fessor. Then we found you’d come back
to your house. I thought I’d give you a
last chance. That’s why I phoned.”

  Carey nodded. “I knew that was about
the situation. I prefer staying alive, of
course, so it didn’t take me long to decide.
What do we do now?”

  Angelino looked at him admiringly.
“Say, Carey, I meant it when I said I like
you. Lots of guys have brains and lots
of ’em have guts, but they generally don’t
come in the same package. Let’s get go-
ing.”

CAREY thought that the building to
which he was taken was on Quincy
Street, but he was not sure. The car
stopped at the entrance and he was hustled
down a flight of stairs to the basement. At
the street end was an entrance into a tun-
nel. He stared in surprise as a train sped
by’

  “Freight subways,”’ said Angelino, not-
icing his wonder. “I bet you never knew
Chicago had any subways.”

  “I suppose I must have known, but I cer-
tainly never saw them before. How exten-
sive are they?”

  “Sixty-five miles of tunnels. We’ve got
a hundred and twenty locomotives and
three thousand cars.”

 “What do you mean by ‘we’? The
IBPA?”

  “Sure. We run ’em. They’re just made
to order for us.”

  A train stopped and Angelino with Carey
and the guards climbed in one of the cars.
Fifteen minutes later they were at the en-
trance of another basement much like the
one from which they had started. Ange-
lino stepped into an elevator and motioned
Carey to follow him.

  “You boys needn’t come any further,” he
said to the guards.

  When the elevator started, Carey was sur-

prised to find they were descending instead
of going up.

  “There seems to be a lot of Chicago I
 don’t know anything about,” he said.

  “You’ve got plenty of company. We’re
 pretty careful who gets a chance to see what
 I’m going to show you.”

  The elevator stopped and Angelino opened
 a door into a great underground warehouse.
 “A natural cavern?” asked Carey.

  “No such luck. We had to dig it. Some
 job, eh?”

  “I should say so!”

  “Wait till you see our laboratories and
 workshops.”

  “Are they down here?” asked Carey.

 ■	“Ten miles away.”

  “I should think that would be inconven-
 ient for you.”

  “Not so bad. I’ll show you how we get
 to them.”

  He led the way among the piles of freight
 There were great machines crated for ship-
 ment. Others were mounted on trucks, evi-
 dently to be wheeled into position for use.
 All kinds of goods were stacked nearly to
 the roof.

 At the far end of the chamber were rail-
 road tracks leading into a tunnel. Ange-
 lino telephoned and a few minutes later an
 electric locomotive slid up to the platform.
 “Where are we going?” Carey asked.
 “Spring River. Ever been there?”

  “I don’t believe so.”

  “It’s a little town ten miles from the
 Loop. It had a famous brewery once.
 Now the brewery’s the biggest ginger ale
 works in the country.” Angelino looked at
 Carey quizzically.

  “You mean you’re using the old brewery
 buildings for your laboratories and work-
 shops?”

  “That’s it. We’re making plenty of dough
 out of the ginger ale racket, and it covers
 up our real activities.”

  “Mighty clever,” conceded Carey. “Does
 this subway run all the way?”

  “Sure. Lands you in the sub-basement
 of the main building.”

  “You do things on a big scale, don’t you
 —digging a subway ten miles long, and
 things like that.”
596

WONDER STORIES

  Angelino became serious. “You don’t
realize yet, Carey, that the IBPA is really
a great revolutionary organization. The
racketeering part was for two purposes—to
get funds and to conceal our real objects.
We’ve fooled everybody, with the help of
the newspapers. We’ve fooled ’em so well
that even you don’t believe the truth now
when I tell you.”

  “Well, there haven’t been any revolu-
tions for so long that they seem a little
old-fashioned. I doubt whether you can get
away with it.”

  “Mussolini got away with it in Italy,
didn’t he? We’re ten times as powerful
as he was when he started, and we have
weapons the world has never even imag-
ined.”

Carey Plots

CAREY shook his head doubtfully.
“Maybe you’re right, but nineteen-
forty isn’t nineteen-twenty, and the United
States isn’t Italy. When Mussolini got
possession of Rome, Italy belonged to the
Fascists. You might control Washington
and New York and Chicago, and you
wouldn’t have made a dent in America.”
“Don’t worry about that. It’s all ar-
ranged. We’ll take possession of every city
in the country on the morning of Septem-
ber third. See, I’m so sure of our success
that I’m telling you our plans.”

  “Not much danger of my giving them
away, if you’re going to keep me out there
i': Spring River.”

  “Only until September third, Professor.
After that you can live in your own house
again if you want to.”

  “What’s the idea of this revolution of
yours, anyway? You’re making all the
money there is, and you have plenty of
power now.”

  Angelino frowned. “Money isn’t every-
thing. Look at me, Professor. Who do I
look like?”

  Carey gazed at him steadily for a mo-
ment. “You look a good deal like some of
the pictures of Napoleon.”

Angelino nodded in satisfaction. “Do

you happen to believe in reincarnation, Pro-
fessor?”

  “I can’t say I do.”

  “Suppose I was the reincarnation of Nap-
oleon and was destined to conquer the
world?”

  “Do you believe that?” asked Carey.
Angelino shrugged his shoulders without
replying as the train came to a stop.

*	# *

  Carey was seated with Angelino in the
elaborately equipped office of the ginger ale
works.

  “Well, what do you think of the IBPA
now?” asked Angelino.

“What can I think? You have the finest
laboratories and workshops I’ve ever seen.”
“How about our fighting machines?”

  “I can’t tell much about them till I see
them work.”

  “You saw one of them stop the engines
of your plane yesterday. All we have to
do is start it and the ignition system of every
internal combustion engine within a radius
of twenty miles quits cold.”

  “The government knows you’ve got that
one,” said Carey. “Adams described it to
me. He spoke about the detonating ray
machines, so the government knows about
them too. I don’t see how the machines
are going to do you much good, with the
government prepared for them. You’re go-
ing to have heavy odds against you.”

  “Ah, but there’s a third machine which
the government doesn’t know about. With
it we can absolutely destroy any body of
men or place that resists us. The boys call
it the ‘devil feeder’.”

  “What does it do?” asked Carey cur-
iously.

  Angelino shook his head. “We’re not
telling about that one till after September
third.”

  “Suppose the government discovers that
this place is your headquarters. They
could destroy your machines before you
had a chance to use them.”

  “Not a chance,” declared Angelino con-
fidently, “unless they had your ether wave
generator.” He looked at his watch. “I’ll
have to leave you. You’ll sleep in my
apartment on the top floor of the main
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

597

building. Come up and I’ll introduce you
to a couple of the boys who’ll keep you
company.”

  The apartment was luxuriously furnished.
A negro cook had dinner ready when the
two men stepped out of the automatic ele-
vator. Angelino introduced Carey to Jim
and Ziggsy, who appeared to be typical
gorillas.

  “The boys will take good care of you,
Professor,” he said. “I’ll see you in the
morning.”

  Jim and Ziggsy were not inclined to talk
and dinner was eaten in silence. After they
had finished, Carey read a couple of Chi-
cago newspapers while the gorillas played
pinochle. Finally Carey said, “I guess I’ll
go to bed, if you’ll show me where I sleep.”

  “Sure,” said Ziggsy. “The boss said you
wa'fc to have his room. Right through this
door.”

  “Where are you going to sleep?” asked
Carey.

  “Us? We ain’t goin’ to bed till the boss
gets back.”

ANGELINO’S bedroom was separated
from the living room by a hall which
ran through the middle of the suite. Its
four windows were unbarred, but a glance
showed there was no way of reaching the
ground. Carey undressed and put out the
light. If anyone looked into the room he
was in bed, apparently asleep. In reality
he was wide awake and paying close atten-
tion to the time shown on the illuminated
dial of his wrist watch.

  At five minutes to eleven he got up and
softly opened the bedroom door. There
was still a light in the living room. He
examined his door. It had a lock but the
key was missing. He carefully closed it
and propped a chair under the knob. Then
he took from an inside pocket in his coat
an oblong, leather-covered case about the
size of a pocket camera.

  He stood this case upright on a small
table beside the bed. From the top he drew
two rods, which connected by a wire to
form a miniature aerial. He lowered the
front of the case and took out a tiny tele-
phone receiver. Now he glanced at his

watch again and saw the hands stood exactly
at eleven. He threw a switch and called
softly, “Hello!”

  A voice instantly answered, “Hello.”
   That you, Mike?” asked Carey.

  “It’s me. I’ve been waiting at the lab-
oratory. You all right, Professor?”

  “I’m all right. I don’t know how long
I’ll be able to talk to you. You’d better
write down what I tell you.”

  “0. K., Professor.” '

  “Got your pencil and paper?”

  “I’ve got ’em.”

  “As soon as I finish talking I want you
to hunt up William Adams. He’s probably
on board Caleb Paxton’s yacht, the Wild
Goose, at the Chicago Yacht Club. If he
isn’t there, find him. Understand?”

  “I’m to hunt up William Adams. If he
isn’t on Mr. Caleb Paxton’s yacht, the Wild
Gooser I’ve got to find him anyway.”
“That's right. Now when you see Adams,
tell him I’m at the headquarters of the
IBPA. They’re in the old brewery at
Spring River, which is now used as a ginger
ale plant. The main building has a flat
roof. I’m in an apartment at the north-
west corner of the top story. Got all that
down?”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “Tell Adams I have information of the
greatest importance which must reach
Washington immediately. What I want
him to do is to have one of the Diesel-mot-
ored army autogiros land on the brewery
roof, just about dark tomorrow night. Don’t
forget, it must have Diesel motors. Adams
will understand why. There’s a trap door
to the roof from a closet in the bedroom
where I sleep. If everything goes right, I’ll
be on the roof when the autogiro lands.
Got ail that?”

  “I’ve got it.”

  ‘Tell Adams to have the pilot fly over
Spring River before dark, so he’ll know
what he’s doing. He can’t miss the brew-
ery, it’s the only big building in town.
After he locates it he’ll have to go away
and fly back, say at eight o’clock. I won’t
be able to make it before that time, even if
everything goes right. There ought to be
enough light at eight o’clock for him to see
598

WONDER STORIES

to Land on the roof. The building is red
brick and it’s about two blocks long. He’ll
have to be careful to dodge the smoke stacks.
They’re at the south end. Got all that
down, Mike?”

  “Yes, Professor.

  “Now read it over to yourself and see if
there’s anything you don’t understand. If
there is, ask me now, because I won’t-talk
to you again unless something interferes
with the plans for tomorrow night. By the
way, tell Adams the message is from Henry,
so he’ll know it isn’t one of Angelino’s
tricks.”

  “Hello, Professor,” said Mike, five min-
utes later. “There’s one thing you didn’t
tell me. Suppose I can’t find Mr. Adams
in time?”

  “You start off now, Mike, and hunt for
him. If you don’t locate him by noon to-
morrow, give the message to Caleb Pax-
ton.”

CHAPTER V.

The War Conference

THE following morning the Wild Goose
was leisurely steaming north on Lake
Michigan. Below in the cabin was a wor-
ried looking group of men who had come
aboard one by one the night before while
the yacht was anchored off the Chicago
Yacht Club. Adams was speaking.

  “I didn’t care to assume the responsibility
of not bringing you gentlemen together, in
view of the seriousness of the situation.
When we planned the campaign against the
IBPA, it seemed best that no meeting such
as this be held. However, the happenings
of the past few days indicate that a policy
of delay and inaction would be far more
dangerous than meeting the situation bold-
ly.”

  Jarvis, the president of the Dearborn
National Bank, rose to his feet. He looked
around the table slowly and then spoke.
“Of course we all know one another, but
this is our first knowledge that we are as-
sociated in a war on the greatest menace
that has ever threatened America. I con-
gratulate you gentlemen in having the

courage to fight a most dangerous enemy.

  “I’m sure we are all satisfied that Mr.
Adams did the proper thing in bringing us
together, in spite of whatever risk it en-
tailed. I’m glad you ge’ntlemen are no
longer numbers to me. I think we can
trust one another. I’m glad to have you
know me as Seymour Jarvis instead of
Number Seven.”

  There was a scattered burst of applause.
Peabody, the Chairman of the Board of Con-
solidated Gas, tapped irritably on the table
with his gold pencil.

  “What are these serious happenings of
the past few days that Adams talks about?”
he wanted to know. “He hasn’t told us
anything that we didn’t know before. I
for one object to being kept in the dark.”
“You won’t be kept in the dark, Mr. Pea-
body,” said Adams. “I’ve been waiting,
hoping to have certain additional informa-
tion to lay before you. You all know of
the accident to the plane in which Professor
Carey and I were on our way from Wash-
ington?”

  The men around the table nodded.

  “Most of you don’t know that the sup-
posed accident was a deliberate attempt on
the part of the IBPA to kill Carey.” Adams
related the events which followed the forced
landing, including the interview with An-
gelino. “It means,” he concluded, “sub-
mission to gangster rule, or war. Our only
chance is to take the IBPA by surprise
and destroy it before it starts its revolution.
We haven’t much time.”

  He sat down. There was a moment’s sil-
ence as the men looked at one another un-
certainly.

  “Do you think the IBPA has any know-
ledge of our plans?” asked Jarvis.

  Adams laughed grimly. “If it had, none
of you would be here this afternoon* You'd
be in a better world. Playing harps, may-
be.”

  “I’d sure like to know of this machine of
Professor Carey’s,” said Jarvis.

  “So would I,” interjected Peabody.
“Where is Carey?”

“Professor Carey is making a very dan-
gerous attempt to locate the headquarters
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

599

of the IBPA. I told him it was almost sure
death, but he—”

  Adams was interrupted by a knock at the
cabin door. Paxton strode over and un-
locked it. Captain Baldwin was standing
outside.

  “What is it?” asked Paxton testily.
“There’s a man in a speedboat just over-
hauled us,” said the captain. “He says he’s
got to see Mr. Adams. I thought I’d better
tell you.”

  “What’s that?” Paxton frowned. “Are
you sure he asked for Adams?”

  “That’s what he said. He said it was a
matter of life and death.”

PAXTON turned to Adams. “What do
you make of it, Bill? How could any-
body find out you were aboard?”

“Search me. What kind of looking fel-
low is he, Captain? Look like a reporter?”
Captain Baldwin shook his head. “Too
old, I’d say. He’s got a beard. I never
saw a reporter with a beard.”

  “I don’t think we ought to let anyone see
us,” interrupted Jarvis. “It might make
them suspicious.”

  “Sure,” said Adams. “If they saw this
bunch gathered together they’d suspect you
were getting ready to buy control of U. S.
Steel or Standard Oil.”

  “I guess Jarvis is right though, Bill,” said
Paxton. “It’s better,to be careful.”

  Adams turned to Captain Baldwin. “This
fellow just said he wanted to see me? He
didn’t say anything else?”

  “He said he had a message from Henry,
I believe.”

  “What’s that?” exclaimed Paxton and
Adams together.

Captain Baldwin looked surprised. “He
said he had a message from Henry, or Hen-
ry had sent him—something like that.”
“Lie to,” ordered Paxton, “and let him
come aboard.”

  “What’s it all about?” asked Peabody
querulously after Captain Baldwin had
hurried away. “Who’s Henry?”

  “Professor Henry Carey. It probably
means he has succeeded.”

  “More likely to be a trick of the IBPA,”

growled Jarvis. “Angelino’s after you,
Adams. You better not let that fellow
aboard.”

  “That’s all right, Jarvis,” said Paxton.
“We can manage him, whoever he is. We
won’t bring him here. You keep the cabin
door closed and Adams and I will see him
in my stateroom forward. He won’t even
know any of you are aboard.”

  “Well, it’s up to you,” Jarvis grumbled.
“But I think you’re running a needless
risk.”

  The newcomer was a serious-looking man
of about fifty.

  “You Mr. Adams?” he asked.

  “That’s my name. What do you want?”
  “I got to see you private.”

  “You can say anything you want to be-
fore Mr. Paxton. He’s the owner of the
Wild Goose”

  The man gazed keenly at Paxton. Then
he nodded. “My name’s Kelly,” he began.
“I’m Professor Carey’s assistant in the lab-
oratory. I make all of his apparatus for
him.”

 “Where is Carey now?” demanded
Adams. “You’ve heard from him?”

  Kelly nodded. “Eleven o’clock last
night. I been hunting for you ever since.”
“What did he say?”

  “He said to tell you he was at headquar-
ters of the IBPA.”

  “How did he get the message to you?”
asked Adams suspiciously.

-r“He’s got a micro-wireless telephone with
him.”

  “What’s that?” asked Paxton.

  “It’s a wireless phone that works on a
short wave length, less than two inches.
The set’s so small you can carry it in your
pocket. It’s only good about thirty miles.”
“That’s something new to me,” said
Adams.

  “It’s pretty new,” Kelly admitted. “Pro-
fessor Carey invented it. There ain’t many
been made yet.”

  “What did Carey say,” demanded Adams.
“Let’s have it.”

  Kelly took a paper from his pocket. “He
had me write it all down so there wouldn’t
be no mistakes.”
600

WONDER STORIES

For the Strong

CAREY slept soundly and woke about
seven o’clock. He found Angelino
eating breakfast alone. He looked around
for the gorillas, but they had disappeared.

  “Where are my two friends this morn-
ing?” he asked.

  “Oh, them,” replied Angelino indifferent-
ly. “You won’t need ’em during the day
while you’re working in the laboratory.”
He gazed at Carey keenly. “I don’t know
that you need them anyway. Give me your
word you won’t try to leave here until after
the third, and you won’t see them again.”
Carey laughed. “Better not trust me,
Angelino. I might be fooling you.”

  Angelino, frowning in thought, paid no
attention to the remark. “As soon as you
finish breakfast, we’ll go down to the shops
and get the men started on your ether wave
generator. How long will it take to com-
plete one?”

  “It depends on the kind of workmen you
have and how soon you can get the mater-
ials we need. Of course-, I’ll have to make
a new set of drawings.”

  “Where’s the set you used making the
first machine?”

  “In the War Department at Washington.
That’s the only set in existence. There
was only one set of blueprints made from
the tracings. These were each sent to a
different manufacturer so no one would
learn too much about the machine.”

  “They got the blueprints now?”

  Carey shook his head. “They were re-
turned to the War Department.”

 “What happened to the machine you
built? You couldn’t take that to Washing-
ton with you.”

  “The government took possession of it
last week. That’s all I know.”

  “Don’t you know where it is now?” ask-
ed Angelino suspiciously.

  “Not any more than you do. Last week
a couple of Secret Service men came to the
laboratory with a bunch of workmen and
trucks. They said they had orders from
Washington to take the machine to the Great
Lakes Naval Station.”

  “What did you do?”

  “What could I do? I dismantled it so
they could get it up the stairs from the
basement. They loaded it on the trucks
and took it away. The next day I was
ordered to go to Washington and take all
the plans of the generator with me.”

  “What happened when you got to Wash-
ington?”

  “Half a dozen engineers got me in a
room and questioned me for hours. They
acted as if I were trying to put something
over on them. I told them all I knew about
the theory and construction of the genera-
tor, and gave them the plans.”

  “Was that all?”

  Carey nodded. “They sent me back to
Chicago by plane and some of your gorillas
tried to keep me from getting there.”

  “It looks to me as if you got a raw deal,”
said Angelino thoughtfully.

  “It’s a good thing, perhaps. If I hadn’t
been sore I wouldn’t have taken your propo-
sition.”

  “Well, you’ll have a chance to get back
at the Washington bunch.”

*	* *

  Carey was able to satisfy himself about a
matter that had puzzled him the day before.
To invent and build the machines he had
seen would, he knew, take a scientific and
engineering staff of extraordinary skill a
long period of time. Men capable of such
achievements have at least a national repu-
tation, and their activities are well known.
Now Carey met these mysterious scientists.
He found them rather taciturn men who
had been trained at the best technical
schools aboard and of whom he had never
heard.

  “How do they live when they’re not work-
ing?” Carey asked Angelino. “You can’t
keep them locked up as you do me.”

  “They live in Spring River. All the em-
ployees of the ginger ale plant live there.”
“I should think you’d be afraid some of
them might talk.”

  “They’re not the,talking kind. Most of
them have been in trouble in their own
countries. We got them away and brought
them here. They all share in the profits
of the IBPA. They’ll all be part of the
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

601

governing body of this country after Sep-
tember third.”

  Carey looked at Angelino in frank won-
der. “I’m blessed if I understand how you
hold your gang together. You started out
as a racketeer, whatever you are now. Most
people still regard you as a gangster.
They’d laugh at the idea of your being a
revolutionist. Yet even taking you at your
own valuation, you’re going to set up a dic-
tatorship. These followers of yours strike
me as being communists. I suppose you
might be called a fascist. You ought to be
fighting on opposite sides.

  Angelino waved the objection aside.
“Mussolini, Stalin, Hitler, me—we’re all
working for the same end, government by
the strong for the benefit of the strong. The
little men, the workers, we take care of, of
course. It’s to our advantage to do that.
These little men will be better off after
September third than they are now.”

An Autogiro to the Rescue

CAREY got to work at a drawing board
and apparently made rapid progress.
Angelino visited him a number of times dur-
ing the day. When evening came he accom-
panied Carey to the apartment on the top
floor and turned him over to Jim and Ziggsy
who were waiting there.

  “I’ve got to be away tonight,” said An-
gelino half apologetically, “and some of the
boys will be better satisfied if Jim and Zigg-
sy stay with you.”

  “That’s all right,” said Carey. “They
won’t bother me. Glad to have them.”
The three men were eating dinner when
Carey heard the sound of a plane overhead.
He glanced at his watch and saw it was
seven-thirty.

  He hurried through the rest of the meal
and started to leave the table. Ziggsy, who
had been drinking, caught hold of his arm.

  “You don’t wanta go to bed yet, Perfes-
sor. Let’s have a little game of some kind.”
“I’m afraid I don’t know any games,” re-
plied Carey.

  “We'll teach you some, won’t we, Jim?
iVe’ll teach the Perfessor to play poker.”

  “I’m tired,” Carey objected. “Had a hard
day. I think I won’t play.”

  “Say, Perfessor, you went to bed before
eight o’clock last night and here you’re
goin’ to do it again tonight. That ain’t no
way for a white man to act when he’s with
his friends. We’re friends, ain’t we, Per-
fessor?”

  Carey nodded. He was listening anxious-
ly for the plane. It would descend vertical-
ly with the engine cut off, but landing on
the roof would make some noise. He won-
dered desperately how he could get away.
He was unarmed, and though Ziggsy and
Jim had removed their shoulder holsters
with their coats, the automatics were with-
in easy reach. He suspected he wouldn’t
have much chance in a rough and tumble
fight.

  Suddenly there was a crash on the roof,
followed by a shout from the ground.

  “What the hell!” exclaimed Ziggsy,
rushing toward the window, followed by
Jim. Taking advantage of the opportunity,
Carey leaped for the guns in the holsters
hanging over the back of the chairs the men
had left.

  “What’s the trouble?” Jim shouted out
of the window. Ziggsy glanced around to
speak to Carey and saw him, a gun in each
hand, retreating toward the hall.

  Ziggsy’s startled oath drew Jim’s atten-
tion from the window. “Stay where you
are!” snapped Carey. “I don’t want to
shoot either of you unless I have to.”

  They gazed at him in open-mouthed as-
tonishment. “Keep your fingers away from
them triggers, Perfessor,” begged Ziggsy.
“Them guns shoots awful easy.”

  “You do as I tell you,” said Carey, “and
you won’t get hurt.”

  “What’s the use of actin’ this way?” ask-
ed Jim. “You couldn’t get away from
Spring River if you had fifty guns. You’ll
only get us in bad without doin’ yourself
no good.”

  “You two boys stay here,” Carey order-
ed. “I’m going into the bedroom. If you
try to follow me it’ll be just too bad.”
602

WONDER STORIES

CHAPTER VI.

Escape!

HE backed slowly through the door and
slammed it after him. He ran across
the hall into the bedroom, where he dragged
the heavy bureau against the door. Using
the back of a chair for a ladder he managed
to reach the bolt which fastened the trap
door in the closet ceiling. It stuck at first,
but finally yielded. He heard voices in the
living room and realized the gorillas were
calling out of a window to someone on the
ground.

  He swung himself up and sat precarious-
ly on the closet shelf. Bracing his feet
against the opposite wall, he pushed the
trap door open. Now all he had to do was
pull himself through the opening to the
roof. As he reached up to grasp the ledge
there was a sudden commotion in the hall
and he heard the bureau being forced away
from the door.

 “Where is the---?” a voice shout-
ed.

  He braced himself again on the shelf and
waited, pistol in hand. The closet door was
flung open and two men looked up at him.
“Come on, boys,” shouted one of them.
“We’ve got the skunk!”

  Deliberately Carey pressed the trigger.
The roar in the confined space deafened him
and a stream of bullets tore downward. The
faces below disappeared. He glanced up-
ward and saw a man looking through the
trap door. As he reached for the ledge
again his hands were grasped and he was
dragged out on the roof.

  Carey recognized Adams’ voice and in
the darkness he could vaguely distinguish
three men. They rushed him toward the au-
togiro as the beam of a searchlight began
to explore the sky.

  “Looks as if we were going to get away
easily,” said Adams as the plane glided into
the air. A second later the searchlight pick-
ed them up.

  “Think they’ll fire on us?” asked a man
in uniform whom Carey did not know.

  “I don’t believe so,” he answered. “They
will count on stopping our motor. They

have a ray machine,” he went on to explain,
“which can put the ignition system of any
internal combustion engine out of commis-
sion. They haven’t found out yet that we
have a Diesel motor which doesn’t use an
ignition system.”

  “I guess they’ve found it out now,” said
Adams, looking down at a flying field
which suddenly sprang into view as flood
lights were turned on. “Yes, they’ve found
out all right. There’s a couple of planes
starting up after us.”

  The pilot laughed. “They ain’t got a
chance in a million of catching us, or hitting
us either. We should be landing in about
ten minutes.”

  Late that night an army plane left Chi-
cago for Washington with Carey and Adams
as passengers. Early the next morning they
appeared at a hastily summoned meeting
of the President’s cabinet. Carey related
what he had learned from Angelino and
from observation of the IBPA headquarters.
Officials of the Army, Navy and Justice De-
partments were instructed to check up im-
mediately on the information.

  A few hours later reports confirming all
Carey had told the President and the cabinet
began trickling in. The authorities were
astounded at the extent of the conspiracy.
The IBPA had added to its numbers thou-
sands of men who regarded it as similar
to the Fascist organizations of several Euro-
pean countries. A large proportion of these
adherents were undoubtedly sincere in their
belief that a change in the form of govern-
ment would "be beneficial, and had entirely
lost sight of the criminal history of the
IBPA.

THE night of August twenty-eighth
there was little sleep in any of the
government departments. Already what
amounted to martial law was in force,
though no announcement to that effect was
made. All means of communication were
quietly taken over. Secret Service men ar-
rested travelers who could not give satis-
factory account of themselves. Troop move-
ments on an extensive scale began that night.

  Early in the morning of the twenty-ninth,
Carey and Adams left for Chicago. A gov-
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

603

ernment plane landed them at the Great
Lakes Naval Station, where they met Col-
onel Herrington who was in charge of the
coordinated forces in the Chicago area.

  Angelino had told Carey that the revolu-
tion was to start on September third. There
was a bare chance,that on account of the
escape of Carey, an attempt would be made
to advance the date. However, it was con-
sidered unlikely by the War Department
that the elaborate plans of the IBPA could
be readily changed.

  The General Staff decided that the gov-
ernment should strike first. An attack on
the conspirators would be made simultane-
ously all over the country. In Chicago it
would start at one minute after midnight,
Central Time, September first; in the East,
one minute after one A.M., Eastern Time;
in Denver, one minute after eleven P.M.,
August thirty-first, Mountain Time; in San
Francisco, one minute after ten P.M., Paci-
fic Time.

  After reaching Chicago, Carey spent for-
ty-eight hours in the basement of the Ad-
ministration Building at the Naval Station
with a staff of mechanics, preparing the ether
wave generator for service. He had little
time for sleep during the two days, and he
was very tired as midnight of August thirty-
first approached. He hurried to join the
grim-faced group of men gathered in the
central rotunda of the Communications
Building, watching the large ground-glass
screen on which messages telling of the pro-
gress of the attack would appear as they
were sent from Washington.

  In the various corridors radiating from
the rotunda were the hundreds of operators
in the Communications Department befdre
their telephone switchboards, telegraph in-
struments, directional beam radio and tele-
visor instruments.

  “Funny you’re not getting something by
this time, Colonel,” said Adams to Colonel
Herrington as he gazed at the blank screen.

  “We’re purposely not receiving anything,”
replied Colonel Herrington. “We discov-
ered that the IBPA had devised a very clever
way of tapping messages conveyed over
wires by a system of induction.”

  “That’s one thing they didn’t discover,”

said a gray-haired naval officer. “The Ger-
man submarines used to do that during the
war. They’d lie on the bottom alongside a
cable and get every message going over
if.”

  “Well, that’s what those fellows have been
doing for years,” said Colonel Herrington,
“though we just found it out. We decided
not to run any risk of warning them before
the attack begins.” He glanced at his watch.
“That will be ten minutes now. It will be
too late after that to do them any good if
they do intercept our messages.”

War!

THERE was tense silence in the room as
the hands of a synchronized clock on
the wall crept around toward midnight.
Suddenly a time signal sounded.

  “Well, the waiting is over, anyhow,” said
Colonel Herrington. “We’ll get some news
in a few minutes.” As he spoke, printed
words began to travel across the screen.

  “Washington, 1:01 E.S.T. Trains every-
where in the U. S. are being held at stations
or stopped by signal. Within thirty minutes
there' will not be a wheel turning in the
U. S. All highways have been closed by
U. S. troops.”	\

  Colonel Herrington nodded in satisfac-
tion. “That means transportation is paral-
yzed already,” he said. “Trains stopped,
roads closed, planes commandeered and
wirelfess communication jammed by inter-
ference on all wave lengths.”

  “Washington, 1:15 E.S.T. All known
gangsters and habitual criminals being
rounded up in all parts of the country. As
yet there has been no serious resistance.”

  Colonel Herrington pressed a button.
“Televisors,” he ordered. “City and sub-
urbs.”

  Instantly there appeared on the screen
rapidly moving pictures. Troops were seen
entering houses and dragging out men. A
group of men shackled together, marching
between soldiers. Empty streets with de-
serted automobiles and street cars.

  “What’s going on at Spring River?”
asked Carey.

Colonel Harrington spoke into the square
G04

WONDER STORIES

box beside him. A picture of the deserted
streets of a small town flitted across the
screen.

  “Looks as if they were all in bed,” sug-
gested Adams.

  “They’ll be getting up soon enough,” said
Colonel Herrington. “Troops are massed
solidly around the town and all roads reach-
ing it are guarded. Troops have taken
possession of the city freight subways and
the underground warehouses of the IBPA.”
“I wonder what Angelino’s waiting for?”
said Adams. “He must know what’s hap-
pening by this time.”

  “Maybe he’s getting ready the ‘surprise
weapon’ he told Carey he had—the ‘devil
feeder’. I’m delaying the attack on Spring
River until we find out if we’re up against
anything we haven’t prepared for.”

  “If they’ve turned on the detonating
ray machines, they must be wondering why
nothing’s happened.”

  “We made a thorough job of that,” said
Colonel Herrington. “There isn’t any ex-
plosive of any kind within a hundred miles
of Chicago. Not a soldier has a cartridge
on him.”

  “Have any trouble?”

  Colonel Herrington smiled rather grim-
ly. “It was a little difficult to get hold of
all the explosives in the possession of con-
tractors without giving any reason. We
carted everything off without making ex-
planations, and the owners were told to
keep their mouths shut. Some of them
didn’t like it.”

  “What about the soldiers- Any trouble
with them?”

  Colonel Herrington’s eyebrows went up.
“Soldiers obey orders. Besides, they rather
liked the idea of using bayonets.”

  “Well,” said Carey, “it looks as if you’d
spiked the two weapons Angelino was de-
pending on. The detonating rays are no
good without explosives to set off. There
are no cars or planes running, so they can’t
paralyze ignition systems. It leaves the
IBPA fairly helpless, unless they really have
the secret weapon up their sleeves that An-
gelino claims they have.”

  Colonel Herrington pressed a button on
his desk.

  “Televisors off,” he ordered.

  The pictures faded from the screen and a
string of words flitted across it. “—no ser-
ious trouble except in New York, Chicago,
New Orleans and San Francisco. Many
persons killed by explosions in some of
these cities, presumably set off by detonat-
ing ray machines.”

COLONEL HERRINGTON frowned as
he read the message. “The IBPA un-
doubtedly has centers in' other places like
the one in Chicago,” he said, “but on a
smaller scale. Unfortunately, the govern-
ment hasn’t been able to locate them.” He
turned to Carey. “We’d have had a much
more serious job on our hands if it hadn’t
been for you, Professor.”

  Carey was looking thoughtful. “I don’t
like the way" things are going,” he said.
“We’re winning too easily.”

  “Don’t worry about that,” replied Colonel
Herrington grimly. “The fight’s not over
yet.”

  A message appeared on the screen.
“1:45 E. S. T. In New York and New
Orleans, ignition systems of all internal
combustion engines have failed. This ef-
fect is undoubtedly due to the ray machines
of the IBPA and was anticipated. A suffi-
cient number of Diesel motored cars, trucks
and planes have been supplied all com-
mands.”

  A buzzer sounded on Colonel Herring-
ton’s desk. He turned a switch and a voice
spoke from the box beside him. “Some-
thing wrong in the freight tunnels, sir. We
can’t get any of the Communications men.”
“Any report from Colonel Weldon?”

  “He reported five minutes ago that all
operations were proceeding as planned.”
“See if you can get hold of him.”
Colonel Herrington turned to the listening
men. “We have three thousand troops oc-
cupying the sixty-five miles of the freight
tunnels,” he explained, “with Communica-
tions men each half mile. They’ve been re-
porting every fifteen minutes by short wave
radio. Now we can’t reach them. It looks
bad.”

  “Who’s Colonel Weldon?” asked Adams.
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

605

  “He’s in command of the troops guarding
the Loop.”

  “Colonel Weldon calling Commanding
Officer,” came a voice from the box.

  “Colonel Herrington speaking. What’s
wrong in the tunnels?”

  “They’re on fire. The heat is so intense
we can’t get near them.”

  “What about the men?”

  “They didn’t have a chance to escape.
One minute everything was all right. The
next the tunnels were a solid mass of flame.”
“Damnation!” exclaimed Colonel Her-
rington. “What started it? What is there
in the tunnels to burn?”

  “I don’t know. Nothing, I should think.
I’m reporting what happened. Flames from
the subway entrances have set a number of
the Loop buildings on fire. There’s going
to be a conflagration if we don’t do some-
thing pretty quick.”

  “Use your own judgment. See that your
men aren’t trapped the way the poor devils
in the tunnels were.”

        CHAPTER VII.
        Devil Feeders

COLONEL HERRINGTON turned to
Carey. “You heard what he said? No
use ordering the fire department out. None
of the motor apparatus would run. What’s
burning in those tunnels, Carey? You
know more about it than anybody else.”
“I don’t know anything,” replied Carey,
“but I can guess. It’s the ‘devil-feeders’
Angelino told me he had.”

  “What do you suppose they are? Some-
thing like the flame projectors they used in
the war?”

  Carey shook his head. “They’d be pretty
nearly as dangerous to the men using them
as to the enemy, in a confined space like the
tunnels. No, this is something a lot-more
serious. I imagine we’re up against an-
other invention of the IBPA scientists—pro-
bably some kind of ray which heats to
incandescence any object it touches.”

  Colonel Herrington’s face was grim. “If
Angelino has a weapon like that, he can
turn it on our men anywhere and burn them

up just as he did those in the tunnels,
can’t he?”

  “Exactly. The only way we can stop him,
as far as I can see, is to attack him from
the rear.”

  “That’s going to cost a lot of men. It
looks to me as if he could hold off the whole
United States army.”

  “There are ways of getting at him,” said
Carey.

  “We’ll have to use your generator,” Her-
rington said.

  Carey stared at him. “You’re suggesting
we use it here in the city?”

  “Naturally. That’s where the fighting
is.”

  “What about the people who live here?
What about the women and children and
old people?” He shook his head. “I
won’t take a chance on using the generator
except at Spring River, as I agreed.”
“Suppose I order you to use it in the
Loop?”

  “I’m sorry, but it won’t make any differ-
ence. If I did that, all of downtown Chi-
cago, and us with it, might disappear like
a soap bubble when it bursts.”

  Colonel Herrington flushed angrily.
“What’s the use of having a weapon you’re
afraid to use?”

  “It isn’t a question of being afraid. We
simply don’t know what the effect of a
machine this size will be. The little experi-
mental one in the fraction of a second stop-
ped all visible motion. The big one will
probably destroy matter by stopping atomic
motion. I’ll risk using it to attack the IBPA
headquarters at Spring River. The way
Angelino has the place protected, we can’t
attack it any other way. I wont risk using
the generator in a city where there are
millions of people.”

  “What do you suggest doing, then?” ask-
ed Colonel Herrington less truculently.
“The-gangsters have possession of what is
practically an underground city. They can
come to the surface when they want to and
we’ll be helpless. You said yourself there
was nothing to stop them from destroying
the troops with their heat rays.”

  “There’s one thing we can do,” said Carey.
“We can turn the Chicago River into the
606

WONDER STORIES

underground city and drown them like rats.”

  Colonel Herrington snorted. “How are
we going to do it? Even if we knew where
to blast a channel, we couldn’t use explo-
sives. The detonating rays would set them
off before we could put them in position.”

  “Did you ever hear of the Hartridge cos-
mic gun?” asked Carey.

  “Hartridge,” repeated Colonel Herrington.
“Wasn’t he the man who was murdered by
somebody who turned his own machine on
him?”

  Carey nodded. “He invented a machine
which concentrated what are known as the
cosmic rays coming from outer space. It
was practically a gun which destroyed
everything in its path. The biggest mach-
ine Hartridge built would carve a tunnel six
feet in diameter through a mountain in a
few seconds.”

  “What good does that do us now?” de-
manded Colonel Herrington.

  “A Dr. Goodrich spent ten years after the
murder re'discovering Hartridge’s secrets.
There are now about twenty of these mach-
ines in the United States. One of them is
here in Chicago.”

COLONEL HERRINGTON frowned.
“How could it be in Chicago without
my knowing it? Who’s responsible for
it?”

  “I haven’t the faintest idea. The govern-
ment doesn’t publish secrets of that kind.

I	suggest you get in touch with Washington.
Tell them what the situation is here and
tell them you must have the Hartridge cos-
mic gun.”

  Colonel Herrington, after a moment’s hesi-
tation, strode from the room. The others
stayed to watch the messages flitting across
the screen. Except in a few of the larger
cities, the situation seemed to be well under
control.

  The IBPA had apparently been taken by
surprise. In New York, Washington, and
St. Louis, troops had occupied the head-
quarters and workshops of the organization
without a struggle. Large stores of arms
and explosives had been found in each of
these places, as well as intricate machines,
the uses of which were unknown.

  The leaders of the organization remained
silent when arrested, but their followers
ttlked freely. Papers found at the various
headquarters involved numerous business
men and capitalists who had been fright-
ened by paternalistic ventures of the gov-
ernment and saw a chance to establish a
reactionary dictatorship. These men were
being arrested as rapidly as they could be
rounded up. The authorities in Washing-
ton announced that all such individuals
actually involved in the conspiracy would
be tried for treason.

  Martial law covering the entire country
was declared at two A. M. Eastern Standard
Time. Instructions were despatched to all
military commanders that persons arrested
in the conspiracy be tried immediately by
courts martial and if convicted, summarily
executed.

The Hartridge Cosmic Gun

THE Hartridge Cosmic Gun was in a
secretly constructed, hermetically sealed
chamber beneath the Administration Build-
ing at the Naval Station. After Colonel
Herrington had obtained all the information
that the General Staff in Washington could
give him, it required nearly an hour to reach
it. Every precaution had been taken to keep
the machine from being tampered with.
Because of the disintegrating effect of the
cosmic rays, it was, next to Carey’s ether
wave generator, the most destructive mech-
anism in the world and even more dangerous
to handle than the generator.

  When the door to the sealed under-
ground chamber were opened, the machine
did not look particularly impressive to the
htlf dozen men who gazed at it. It was
rather like a group of searchlights mounted
or. a wheeled platform. Carey examined it
carefully, comparing the operating levers
with a diagram he held in his hand.

  “Think you can use it?” asked Colonel
Herrington.

  Carey nodded. “I think so. We’ll have
to take a chance, anyhow. Be careful when
we wheel it into the elevator, that no one
touches these levers. They’re set at neutral
now.”
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

607

  The elevator which ran to the level of the
secret chamber was hydraulic and was not
affected by the IBPA ray machines. Wait-
ing at the loading platform in the basement
of the Administration Building was a Diesel
motored truck. The cosmic gun was care-
fully loaded on this truck, which then pro-
ceeded in the direction of the Loop.

  Carey selected a spot on the north bank
of the Chicago River, just beyond the State
Street bridge, to begin operations.

  “You fellows better get back a block or
two,” he said to Adams, Colonel Herrington
and a group of officers who had accompan-
ied the truck. “I think I know how to
operate the gun, but something unexpected
might happen.”

  “I guess I’ll stay,” said Adams.

  “We’re staying too,” said Colonel Her-
rington. “If the job isn’t too dangerous
for a college professor and a newspaper
man, the army can take a chance. You
might tell us what you’re going to do, so
we’ll know what to expect.”

  “I suppose you know what the cosmic
rays are?” Carey asked. Without waiting
for a reply he continued, “They are very
short rays coming from some unknown
source in outer space. They are incom-
parably more powerful than any other rays
known, penetrating fifty feet of water or
nine feet of lead. Hartridge discovered a
substance which reflected them just as a
mirror reflects sunlight.

  “By making lenses of this substance it is
possible to concentrate the rays. That is
what all these things that look like search-
lights are for. The beam resulting is so
powerful that it cuts through rock just as a
blow torch would cut through a snowbank.
The machine can be made of any size and
power. This particular one will cut a tun-
nel six feet in diameter an indefinite dis-
tance through the earth—hundreds of miles,
probably.”

  “What starts it going?” asked Adams.
“This lever here,” answered Carey, “Re-
flects the rays which reach the earth verti-
cally to any direction desired. If I turn it
ninety degrees the rays will be directed
horizontally. I want them to carve a tunnel
from this river into the underground maze

of passages and chambers below the Loop
which are now in the hands of the IBPA.

Il	I pull the lever, say a hundred and ten
degrees, the rays will be deflected slightly
downward. They will strike the water
about the middle of the river, penetrate the
bank and thence across the city.”

  “You say they’ll make a tunnel six feet
in diameter?” asked Colonel Herrington.
“Then the river will rush through this tunnel
and flood underground Chicago?”

  “That’s my idea,” acknowledged Carey.
“The iirst tunnel we make may not reach
all underground passages, but it will des-
troy all water tunnels and sewers in its
path. If everything turns out as we expect,
we’ll make five or six more at various
points. I’m going to move the direction
lever now, but nothing will happen.” He
grasped a handle and pulled it toward him.
“Nothing happens because all I’ve done is
change the direction of the rays. Now I’ll
move the focussing lever. Better protect
your faces. When the concentrated rays
strike the water, I think it will be vaporized.
I don’t know what the exact effect will be.
Here goes.”

THERE was a flash of violet light envel-
oping the gun, and then the river seem-
ed to explode with a roar that was heard
blocks away. From the machine a cylinder
of incandescence six feet in diameter pene-
tiated the river at a slight angle to the sur-
face, and reaching the bank, extended itself
in a glowing tunnel through the earth.

  The watchers had started back as great
clouds of steam turning to clouds of white
vapor billowed toward the sky. The waters
surrounding the cylinder of radiant light
as if it were a tube of some material sub-
stance, were in violent agitation.

  Suddenly Carey reversed the lever and
the violet glow faded as the cylinder of
incandescence was cut off. The darkness
after the brilliant light, and the clouds of
steam still rising, made it impossible for the
waiting men to see exactly what results had
been attained.

  “Swing the searchlight around,” Carey
called to the driver of the truck on which
608

WONDER STORIES

the gun was mounted. “Point it over at
the opposite bank.”

  The light showed the water rushing into
what looked like the mouth of an immense
sewer.

  “Well, I guess that does it,” said Colonel
Herrington. “Thatll drown out the rats.”

  Carey shook his head. “We’d better make
half a dozen more to be on the safe side.”

  They noticed the glare in the west after
they had finished the fourth tunnel. Col-
onel Herrington watched it with frowning
face as it spread against the sky.

  “I’ll have to get back to headquarters,”
he said to Carey. “You bring the gun back
as soon as you finish the next tunnel.”

  A messenger in a rocket car met Carey
and Adams as they were starting back to the
Naval Station a half hour later. The glow
in the sky had become a lurid glare of
mounting flames and billowing clouds of
smoke.

  “The whole West Side’s on fire,” said the
messenger. “The colonel wants you in a
hurry.”

  Colonel Herrington was pacing up and
down the rotunda of the Communications
Building, watching the televisor pictures of
the conflagration appearing on the screen.

  “That’s Angelino’s revenge!” he ex-
claimed. “He knows now he’s whipped and
he’s going to destroy the city!”

  “What happened?” asked Carey, gazing
at the rapidly changing pictures which
were largely obscured by great clouds of
smoke.

  “It began when we put the first tunnel
through, I imagine,” said Colonel Herring-
ton. “I told you we had troops surround-
ing Spring River, waiting developments.
I figured you’d have to use your wave gen-
erator out there, and I didn’t want to sacri-
fice men unnecessarily. They were sacri-
ficed, all right,” he added grimly.

  “The heat ray machine?” asked Carey.

  Colonel Herrington nodded. “We’d kept
the troops some distance away from the
brewery buildings. We knew that was the
danger spot. The IBPA must have had the
heat ray machines stationed in a circle
around the town. Not many of the sol-
diers got away, and those who did weren’t

stationed close enough to get a very clear
idea of what happened.”

  “What kind of stories do they tell?”

  “It’s hard to make sense of them. Ap-
parently the ‘devil feeders’ can swing
around like a searchlight. The rays were
invisible, but everything in their path shriv-
eled up or burst into flame. The men who
escaped took shelter in holes or under banks
while the rays passed over them.”

“How about the people living out there?”
“God knows. Spring River is destroyed,
of course. The people on the West Side
had a little warning. The fire seemed to
advance in waves.”

  “Advanced in waves, did it?” said Carey
thoughtfully. “That’s curious.”

  “My God, man, don’t stand there talking
about it! The city is burning up! Do
something! ”

  “All right. I’m willing to use the ether
wave generator now.”

The Ether Wave Generator

FIFTEEN minutes later a weird looking
machine slowly and ponderously start-
ed up the incline from the basement of the
Communications Building to the street.
The motive power was a five ton Diesel-mot-
ored truck, and it drew a semi-trailer thirty
feet long and ten feet wide, rated at forty
tons capacity. This trailer had a six foot
high wall of armor plate around it, pro-
tecting an intricate mass of machinery and
the dozen men who operated it.

  This machinery was a nightmare of fans,
pumps and turbines, culminating in two
enormous cylinders of some shining metal
which rose from the rear of the truck. These
cylinders narrowed at the top and were in-
clined toward each other exactly like the
two tubes of an oxy-acetylene torch. Be-
tween the cylinders and slightly in the rear,
Carey was seated before a series of levers
and dials which looked rather like those of
a very elaborate one-man-control motor
boat.

  Colonel Herrington stood beside him,
looking dubiously at the massive blow-pipe
arrangement.

  “That’s what does the damage?” he asked.
TH£ RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

609

  “That’s it,” replied Carey. ‘The prin-
ciple isn’t difficult to understand. Light,
electricity, magnetism, rays of all kinds
are vibrations of the ether just as sound is a
vibration of the air. What this machine
does is set up artificial waves in the ether
which are so much more powerful than any
produced naturally that the natural ones
are destroyed.”

  “What’s going to happen when you turn
it on? Will it destroy those heat ray mach-
ines and put out the fire?”

  “I’m afraid it’s going to do more than
that. I’m afraid everything the waves come
in contact with will just disappear as if
they had never existed.”

  “If the waves destroy everything they
touch,” asked the Colonel, “why don’t they
destroy the machine itself when you produce
them?”

  “They would if we produced them in the
machine. See how the orifices of those two
big cylinders up there are inclined toward
each other? Remember the ether is mater-
ial, even if we can’t see it or feel it. It is
set in motion in those two cylinders in such
a way that when the two streams meet up
there, they join to form the destructive
waves which project themselves forward in
a straight line.”

  “I’m afraid it’s too complicated for me,”
said Colonel Herrington. “All I hope is,
that it works the way you think it will.”
“Oh yes,” Carey said. ‘That part was
all a matter of mathematical calculation
after we had produced the ether waves arti-
ficially.”

 The truck was now moving slowly
through West Side streets crowded with
hysterical men, women and children, flee-
ing from the conflagration with whatever
belongings they could carry. Some had
toy express wagons loaded with bedding.
There was an occasional push cart piled
high with furniture or carrying someone
too ill or old to walk. People had grown
to depend on automobiles to such an extent
that without them they were almost help-
less.

  The advancing flames formed a fiery
wall against the western sky and were ac-
companied by a terror-inspiring roar. Great

burning fragments of building sailed
through the air, setting fires ahead of the
main conflagration.

  “How much farther are you going before
you start the generator?” asked Colonel
Herrington.

  “As far as we can go with reasonable
safety. Remember, everything ahead of us
will be destroyed—wiped out. You don’t
expect me to turn it on these women and
children, do you?”

  “Of course not, but don’t run the risk of
being caught by the flames yourself. You
have to turn the truck around to work the
generator, don’t you?”

CAREY shook his head. “This whole
platform on which the machinery rests
turns through a hundred and eighty degrees,
like the turret of a battleship.”

  “Look out!” yelled Colonel Herrington,
dodging a flaming brand which narrowly
missed his head.

  Perspiration was streaming from the faces
of all the meir'on the truck as solid waves
of heat bore down on them. The wall of
flame now seemed to curl above their heads
in an arch extending across the sky, while
clouds of acrid smoke strangled them.

  “Swing around into the first wide street,”
Carey shouted to the driver, who waved the
arm with which he was trying to protect his
face from the flying brands. A moment
later he turned down a cross street which
opened into Garfield Park. The line of the
advancing fire was only a few hundred
yards ahead and even the stragglers had
disappeared.

  Carey pulled a lever and the platform of
the trailer began slowly to turn until the
wave projector was pointed at the center
of the conflagration.

  He smiled grimly at Colonel Herrington.
“You’re going to see now something no
one has ever seen before, but I’m not sure
you’ll be alive to remember it long.” He
glanced around at the men. “Everything
ready?” he called.

  “All O. K.” they responded.

  “Then here goes.”

  He took a key from his pocket and un-
locked what looked like an automatic steer-
610

WONDER STORIES

ing wheel. This he turned slowly to the
left while the watchers fixed their eyes on
the juncture of the two nozzles at the top
of the cylinders.

  After it was over, Adams reverted to
character as a ijewspaper man and gathered
the impressions of all who shared in the
experience. They agreed that their first
sensation was one of hearing. There was
a sudden shrill whistling sound, instantly
increasing to a roar which drowned out the
sound of the flames. Carey explained this
as being due to the rush of air into the
vacuum created by the ether waves which
destroyed the air in their path as they did
all other matter.

  The next sensation following immediately
was one of sight. A few inches beyond the
juncture of the nozzles there occurred a
phenomenon which no one was able to des-
cribe very clearly. It was like a terrifi-
cally rapid pulsation or vibration of a
ghostly, silvery radiance. The spectators
seemed to feel it as much as they saw it and
it lasted only a few seconds, if it actually
occurred. Half of the men were doubtful
about its reality. They were unanimous in
their description of the opalescent, milky
cloud which projected itself in a broad
spreading sheet from the nozzles toward the
area in flames.

  Carey was the only one of them who had
any idea of the lapse of time. The others
estimated the period the wave generator was
in operation as being from ten minutes to
half an hour. Carey, with his eyes fixed
on his wrist watch, knew the interval was
fifteen seconds.

  With the sudden cessation of the roaring
they found themselves deafened and had to
shout to make one another hear. Where
the fire had been raging the opalescent
cloud still persisted, but was being rolled
into great billows by a furious wind which
suddenly rose. In a few minutes began
the curious electrical phenomena which
have been described elsewhere, followed by
a downpour of rain which drove the men
from the truck to the shelter of a deserted
house.

  Two hours later the storm ceased as sud-
denly as it had , begun. The gray in the

East changed to pink and the sun rose on
what was probably the strangest scene that
civilized man had ever beheld. As far as
the eye could see was nothing except a flat
level plain as smooth as a billiard table.
Not a house, a tree or a blade of grass was
on it. It was as if a great knife had sliced
a piece off the round side of the earth.

IT was found afterward that that was prac-
tifically what had occurred. The waves
from the machine, travelling in a straight
line, disintegrated all matter with which
they came into contact, levelling off the
curved surface of the earth and then pass-
ing out through the atmosphere into space.

  The fact that science had discovered a
v/ay to unleash such a destructive power
distracted interest from the abortive revo-
lution which had occasioned its use.

  The IBPA headquarters and workshops
disappeared, with everything else in the de-
vastated region. Angelino and his follow-
ers were wiped out with the thousands of
innocent people who perished. Unques-
tionably many of the gangsters had died a
few hours before in the flooding of the
subways and underground chambers by the
Chicago River.

  With the death of Angelino and the des-
truction of the Chicago headquarters, the
revolutionary movement would have col-
lapsed, even if most of its surviving leaders
had not been imprisoned. These leaders
and their followers with gangster records
were quietly and efficiently executed. Those
whose chief crime had been an attempt to
establish a strong and efficient government
on Fascist principles were sentenced to short
terms of imprisonment.

  Only a few persons know what disposition
was made of the ether wave generator.
There was strong newspaper demand that it
be destroyed for fear its secret might be
learned by some new Angelino with an am-
bition to dominate the world. All that the
public knows certainly is that it has disap-
peared.

  Colonel Herrington is now in command
of the Eighty-seventh Division of the United
States army with headquarters in New Or-
leans. Professor Carey has returned to his
THE RETURN OF THE COSMIC GUN

611

chair at the University of Chicago, but
spends most of his time in research. Adams
is the editor of the New York Times.

  The most important result of the abor-
tive revolution was the establishment of a
federal police force which has authority

coordinate with that of the army and navy.
With the abolition of corrupt, politically

controlled local police departments, organ-
ized crime has disappeared. Life in large
cities has become more prosaic, but much
safer.

THE END

FOR THE NEW LARGE SIZE
NOVEMBER ISSUE

we offer

a sequel to the triumph of Clark Ashton Smith, acclaimed so by our readers. In
“Beyond the Singing Flame”

Mr. Smith carries on the adventures of his explorers in that strangest of dimen-
sions. As Mr. Smith says himself, “The description of the Inner Dimension
is a daring flight; and I have almost set myself the impossible task that Dante
attempted in his account of Paradise.” You will be thrilled by this story!

P. Schuyler Miller, also adds a new brilliant story to his chain of successes.

In

“Tetrahedra From Space”

we have the most vivid, gripping account of a life fantastic, yet scientifically pos-
sible; and its conflict with our own /civilization. This is no mere “strange
form of life” story but a masterpiece of description and action in which you
feel as a chill through your blood the awful power of the Tetrahedra.

    The returns on the contest, to find an ending for Jack Williamson’s “Twelve
Hour* To Live,” were so unexpectedly large that the editors have been swamp-
ed. From the letters we have read, our readers, especially the younger ones,
have shown an astounding ingenuity in working out the problem of the two chests.
By a rough count several thousand letters have been received. The results, with
the winning letters, will be published in the November issue.

The final installment of the Schachner and Zagat sensation,

“Exiles of the Moon”

will treat you to a whirl of fast-moving events on two worlds. The Workers have
struck and scored. But the Aristocrats will not tamely submit to the loss of
their power. The most terrible part of the conflict is yet to come. The outcome
is in doubt! But in this keen insight of our authors into the future, you will
find in this last installment not only a breathless finish, but a moral that must
set you thinking!

AND OTHER STORIES IN THE NEW LARGE SIZE

NOVEMBER WONDER STORIES ON SALE OCTOBER 1.

i
SBSSW—

  Death from the Stars

By A. R. Hilliard

(Illustrated fry Marchioni)

He went on with his work. Upon the thing that had been George
Dixon he poured a gallon of the fluid.
George dixon

was struggling
wildly amidst a great

conflagration. Fire
burned his body; blaz-
ed before his eyes, roared in his ears. For
hours and hours he struggled, wondering
why he was not con-
sumed ....

  And then he awaken-
ed, to the recognition
ollris own bedroom
and the fact that he
had been dreaming.

But that burning feel-
ing of his body did not
cease. Neither did the
bright flashes of light
before his eyes, the
roaring in his ears;
and these phenomena
were ten times strang-
er now than in a
dream. His limbs
twitched convulsively
under the bed-clothes.

 Must be sick, he
thought. Nerves a bit
frazzled lately. Over-
work, perhaps; but he
hated to admit that.

Couldn’t give up work
now. No, not now.

He rolled over, and
groaned. Rotten feel-
ing! Feel better in the
morning, most likely.

Had to. Had to watch
his little block. He
was worried about it.

It had been getting
smaller right along,
and sort of crumbling.

Yes, instead of grow-
ing it was shrinking
away; and he couldn’t
understand that —
couldn’t see where it
disappeared ....

  For an hour he toss-
ed uneasily on the bed. Although his bod-
ily discomfort was steadily growing, it was

not that which occu-
pied his mind. He was
worrying about his lit-
tle block, down in the
laboratory. If he could
make sure it was all right, he might get
some sleep. He threw back the covers,
swung his feet to the
floor, and stood up.
Uttering a low, startled
cry he swayed dizzily,
and leaned against the
wall for support.

  “Something pretty
darned wrong!” he
said aloud. His voice
sounded strange and
high-pitched, in his
own ears. He found
the light switch.

  The journey- down
the stairs was long and
terrible. He held fast
to the banisters, taking
one step at a time. Or-
dinary muscular co-
ordination seemed to
have deserted him.
Each movement re-
quired an effort of will.
He could not last long.
Having gained the foot
of the stairs, he stag-
gered to the laboratory
door on the right;
burst in, and switched
on the light. There
was a long moment of
complete silence. Then
he gave a hoarse cry.

  The laboratory was
a large, square room,
with long windows on
two sides. Against the
walls were set lead-
topped tables, littered
with tubes, retorts, and
various electrical de-
vices. But it was to-
wards the center of the
room that George Dixon stared, wide-eyed.
There, on a small table, under a bell-jar,

Death From the Stars

 By the author of
 “The Avenging Ray”

"The Island of the Giants”

  TN this gripping story, ive\^
  get a peek into a few of |
  the most profound mys- ;
  teries of the universe. Many
  modern scientists say that
  \ “life is a disease that at-
  tacks matter in its old age99
  —that when matter cools
  and loses its primal energy
  only then is life possible.

    Life being a disease, all
  forms of life feed on each
  other — we are all in a
  sense bacteria consuming
  each other in a fierce strug-
  gle for existence.

   There are many hun-
 dreds of forms of life that
 we know of, and whose
 properties we dimly sense.
 But how about the infinity
 of possible forms of whose
 j properties we know noth-
 ing? Suppose we were ex-
 posed to such a thing?
 Would there be a gigantic
 struggle for existence, the
 human race battling
 against a terrible unknown
 enemy?

    Mr. Hilliard has given us
  here, no world shaking
  epic, but a grim, intense
  struggle against a deva-
  stating ravage. The precise
  nature of the enemy is not
  made clear, nor would it be
  clear to us were we to meet
  it. But we can sense in it
  the infinite forces of the
  universe massed against
  puny man. This story
  marks a new notch of
  achievement for Mr. Hil-
  liard as a writer of stories
  ^about possible things. - p*

613
614

WONDER STORIES

reposed a little heap of black dust. Noth-
ing more. There was certainly nothing in
the exhibit to astonish or terrify an ordinary
observer.

  Yet George Dixon was both astonished and
terrified. For he knew that, only yester-
day, there had been, under that jar, a pretty
fair sized block, composed of his “life
force”. And now it was gone. Where?

  Things had to go somewhere, he told him-
self. The jar was sealed tightly to the glass
plate beneath. Yet there remained only
black dust—and George knew what that
was.

  He laid his hand on the glass. Warm, but
not hot. His eyes wandered around the
room—then became fixed upon a grotesque
object on the window
ledge. It was—or, rather,
had been—his geranium
plant; but now the leaves
were a dead black. As
he watched, one of them
.dropped off, and crum-
bled to powder on the
floor.

  George drew his hand
across his eyes. Some-
thing was happening —
something he could not
understand. He must try
to think. But it'was hard
to think. His mind didn’t
seem to work right —
kept wandering. He wish-
ed Julius were there. Jul-
ius would help him.

HE stared at the geranium plant. Even
the stalk was black. It was crumbling
away—as his little block had crumbled. But
that didn’t make it any teasier. No, he
couldn’t think. If only Julius ....

  He remembered the things Julius had said
when they had last talked together. Julius
had come to visit him—an unusual occur-
rence—saying that he was interested in a
proposed experiment George had mentioned
in a letter. George had explained cautious-
ly his intention to explore for life in sub-
stances deposited on the earth from outside.

  “What is life?” Julius had asked abrupt-

ly. George remembered laughing. Julius
had a way of asking unanswerable questions.
George had muttered something about As-
similation.

  “Life is a disease,”—Julius had a way
of asking unanswerable questions—and then
answering them.

  “Disease!” George had exclaimed.
“Exactly. A disease or corruption which
afflicts the stagnant matter which is our
earth. This planet’s matter is very low in
energy. It is cooling—disintegrating. And
you and I are the crawling, writhing mag-
gots of its decay.”

  “Horrible and preposterous!”

  “Horrible, perhaps—but not preposterous..
We say that life cannot exist upon the sun.

Why? Because the sun
is too hot for it. What
does that mean? Mere-
ly that the sun has the
protective energy to
purge or sterilize itself of
such ‘life’ as we repre-
sent. Place a needle point
in the flame—as the doc-
tor uses daily; there you
have the same sort of ster-
ilization ,on a small
scale.”

  George had been slight-
ly indignant. “You put
a disagreeable interpreta-
ilization, on a small
mon facts. That may
amuse you, Julius; but I
fail to see how such spec-
ulations can have any practical value ...”
“They might serve as a warning to such
as you.”

  “Warning?”

  “Yes. If I-understand your motives cor-
rectly, you want to explore for life in me-
tcoric substances. Since they consist of mat-
ter in a very low state of energy—and be-
cause mere cold is not always fatal to life,
even as we know it, I fully believe that you
will find what you are looking for.”

  “That is gratifying. It makes you prac-
tically unique among scientists!”

  Julius had^ not appeared amused. “But I
am far from believing that you are wise in

A. ROWLEY HILLIARD
DEATH FROM THE STARS

615

attempting it. When you find it—what
then?”

  “What then?—I don’t understand you.”
“Well—do you expect it to be identical
with some form of life we experience on
earth?”

  “Not necessarily.”

  “Probably?”

  “No. I should say that the probability
points in the other direction. Life is a pro*
duct of its environment; and it would be a
remarkable coincidence if this supposed
new life had developed under conditions
identical with those on earth.

  “It is my theory that some such ‘life’ may
exist in meteoric substances, in a state of
suspended animation—induced perhaps by
lack of heat and most certainly by lack of
food. To put it briefly, I intend to test for
ils presence with a variety of temperatures

and a variety of foods.....”

*	George remembered that Julius had nod-
ded absently. There had been a strange look
in his heavy eyes as he asked quietly :

  “And are you not afraid?”

  George shuddered, now, as he lay back
in his chair. He felt dizzy and sick. His
body was numb, with that helpless, prickly
numbness one sometimes feels locally when
his foot is “asleep”. Yes, he was afraid
now—but then he had merely said:

| “Afraid?—afraid of what?”

I “Good Lord, man, don’t you see it? You
have just admitted that you expect this new
life to be different from anything on
earth . . . . ”

  “But Ldon’t see why a mere difference—”
“Wait! Let us go a little more deeply
into this life—as-a^disease idea. Not only
is life as a whole a disease of matter, but'
ench species of life is a disease to every
other. The tubercular bacillus on the wall
of your lung has no more personal animos-
ity towards you than you had towards the
duck you ate for dinner. It is merely liv-
ing off its environment, as you are. Ob-
viously, mankind is as truly a disease of
ducks as tuberculosis is of mankind . . .

Julius Makes A Gift

qCT SEE what you are driving at. You
J. mean that any new life I might dis-

cover would automatically be hostile to
many or all terrestrial species. Yet I see
nothing terrifying in that. Man has cer-
tainly dealt with any number of hostile
species during his existence, and has—”

  “Man has dealt with nothing!” Julius cut
in angrily. “Man has been dealt with. You
talk as if he had arrived at his present form
by an act of will, and fine determination.
That is contrary to the first principles of
evolutionary science. Man is a form of life
that has been shaped by its enemies. Yet
even after millions of years of adaptation,
he is not immune to attack—attack by spec-
ies which are a part of the very environment
in which he has developed .... And you
propose to introduce something new. Good
God!”

  When angry, Julius was somewhat over-
bearing. George had asked meekly, “Well
then, would you advise me to give up the
idea?”

  ‘'No, no, no! Am I your master? Do I
do your thinking for you? Damn it, man
—make up your own mind! I want to be
sure you know what you’re about—that’s
all____”

  There had never been any doubt in
George’s mind about what he was going to
do. He made that clear.

  “All right! Do you have your meteor-
ite?”

  “No. It is astonishingly difficult to get
hold of one. So far I have had no luck at
all.”

  Julius drew a folded newspaper from his

pocket; and held it out, indicating with his

finger a paragraph:—

   STRANGE THEFT IN MUSEUM
  An unidentified man visited the
  American Museum of Natural History
  late yesterday afternoon, and depart-
  ed with one small meteorite, the prop-
  erty of that establishment. He was
  seen by a guard, rapidly leaving the
  building, after having stood for some
  time over a case containing a number
  of similar exhibits. Dr. Hardman,
  Curator, when questioned, could sug-
  gest no motive for such a theft.

  George looked up curiously from the pa-
per. Julius was leaning back, negligently
tossing from one hand to the other a small
black stone. “Catch!” he said.

  Clumsily George caught it. “Why, you
616

WONDER STORIES

can’t—I can’t—It isn’t right!” he stammer-
ed.

  “That is my affair!” snapped Julius. “The
moral stigma attached to you by the trans-
action—that of receiving stolen goods, I
suppose—is very small and very theoreti-
cal ____”

 “But—”

  “But, nothing! That little thing is go-
ing to be put to a real use, instead of be-
ing eternally gaped at by a succession of
idiots who don’t give a damn what it is or
where it came from .... Now I’m go-
ing.”

  “But wait a minute, Julius! What do
you really think about this experiment?
what is your honest opinion?”

  “I think it a very promising line of en-
quiry and a very laudable task. Praise-
worthy, but uncertain.

  “What is this ‘life’ you hope to find?
How will you perceive it? Have you stop-
ped to think that there may be life that we
cannot observe through the senses develop-
ed on Earth—that does not obey the rules
we have set up?

  “I suppose you will use Assimilation as a
yardstick—a criterion by which to judge.
You will look for something that increases
itself at the expense of other things. A
ticklish job, at the best; because that some-
thing may be intangible, immeasurable, and
altogether strange to you. In other words,
you are looking for a new disease—one that
you will not understand when you find it.. .
What will it attack? What will it feed on?
.. . Who knows?”

  Julius had gone, then. An unsociable
man, his visits were very rare and very
short.

  George wished Julius were there now. He
needed someone else to think for him. The
little block—the food—was gone. Was
there something there—something that in-
creased itself at the expense of other things?
Had he succeeded? Was there life? . . .The
food was gone. But where was the “some-
thing that increased itself?”

  Under the glass—it must be. Everything
had been sealed tight ....

IN the pot on the window-ledge was only
a stalk. All the rest was black dust. He
stared at it dully .... Suddenly a glimpse
of something on the arm of his chair made
him start violently. It moved towards him
—a dead gray thing, splotched with black.
He stared at it unbelievingly . . .

  It was his hand!

  George Dixon struggled to his feet; and
stood trembling, in a wild panic. What was
happening? He stared at his hands . . . .
Diseased! The word brought a new terror.
Julius’s words rang in his brain:—“Life is
a disease .... Something that increases it-
self at the expense of other things!” He
stared pleadingly at the glass jar. It was
under the glass. It couldn’t get out....

  “—Life that we cannot observe through
the senses developed on Earth—that does not
obey the rules we have set up . . . .”—Some
voice was repeating the words in his
brain— “—That does not obey the rules. . .”

  A horrible possibility flashed into his
mind; and, with a sob, he blundered out of
the room, desperately slamming the door.
He needed help—he needed Julius. The tel-
ephone ....

• * « #

  Julius Humboldt was cursing softly as he
grasped the receiver, but when he laid it
down his expression was very serious. The
confused babble on the wire would \have
been meaningless to anyone else, but it gal-
vanized him into action. Hurriedly, he set
about dressing; moving quickly about the
tiny room.

  Five minutes later, a shabby figure, he tip-
toed down a very shabby staircase; and
emerged on Tenth Avenue. Turning east,
he half walked, half ran along Forty-ninth
Street towards Broadway.

  Julius Humboldt was shabby because he
was poor, and because he did not care any-
way. He was taciturn—perhaps a misan-
thrope, although more inclined to disregard
his fellow men than to hate them.

  He had once been a professor of chemis-
try at Columbia University, but constant
clashes with the authorities—having mainly
to do with his “radical and unfounded theor-
ies”—had necessitated his resignation. He
now lived precariously on a small annuity
DEATH FROM THE STARS

617

—seldom doing any work of a type calcu-
lated to increase his meagre resources. He
had few acquaintances and only one friend
—young George Dixon.

  At Broadway, he plunged down the steps
into the subway; and boarded a downtown
train. Arriving at the Pennsylvania Station,
he learned that the next Port Washington
train left at four. Muttering to himself he
studied a time-table. Great Neck—four-
forty ... He paced up and down the plat-
form ....

  “The block is gone — gone! It’s got
me . . . .” — and then something about a
geranium. George had certainly sounded
strange—wild. . There must be something
really wrong.

  The block—he knew what the block was.
George had written him a letter, outlining
his method of procedure. He had broken
up the meteorite—pounded and pulverized
it into a fine powder. This powder he had
mixed with a combination of foodstuffs—
ar.imal and vegetable. The whole combin-
ation he had then compressed, under great
pressure, into a small, square block—which
he had then subjected to various tempera-
tures and various frequencies of ultra-violet
rays.

  A simple, almost childlike performance,
Julius reflected. Yet direct and reasonable
—characteristic of George. If this gave no
results, he would try some other way. But,
wait . . .

  George had said the block was gone.
Gone? Julius stood still, biting his lips.
Stolen?—Ridiculous! The thing had no
value ....

  The gates clattered open; and, absent-
mindedly, he boarded the train. Expensive,
these Long Island trains, he thought rueful-
ly. For fellows like George who didn’t have
to worry about money, it didn’t matter.

  “—It’s got me . . . .” — What could he
have meant by that ? His hands thrust deep
in his coat pockets, his chin on his chest,
Julius Humboldt pondered the matter, as
the train rumbled under the East River and
out into Long Island.	'

Broadcasting Death

AS the journey advanced, he began to
feel more agitated. Several times he
shook his head violently; and once gave a
startled exclamation, causing the few other
passengers in the car to turn amused eyes
in his direction. Many frowned slightly at
sight of the gaunt, forbidding figure with
the face that was, by now, very, very grim.

  The Great Neck station was deserted, and
he set out at a quick pace to cover the haH
mile to George Dixon’s house. The sky was
overcast, and no signs of dawn were yet vis-
ible. The damp air enveloped him like a
black mist, depressing his spirits and seem-
ing to increase the sense of heavy foreboding
which he suffered. The large house, set back
among trees, was an ominous jet shadow,
as he approached it up a winding path.
Obsessed with a strange uneasiness, he walk-
ed on tiptoe, straining his eyes and ears.

  In another instant he was frozen into im-
mobility by a laugh—a sudden, high-pitch-
ed, gurgling laugh, it rose and fell and end-
ed in a sob.

  He gazed fixedly at the house. That was
not George. Who—what—was there? Slow-
ly he advanced, mounted the steps, and laid
his hand on the doorknob. From inside the
house there came a thrill cry, a crash—then
silence.

  The door was unlocked. For a long time
be stood very still, his* head thrust forward.
Then he slipped quietly into the black inter-
ior. He remembered vaguely the plan of
the place. To the left was the laboratory;
to the right a sitting room; and straight
ahead the stairway, flanked by a narrow hall
leading to the back of the house. He moved
to the left, and felt along the wall to the
laboratory door. A faint line of light show-
ed beneath it. He knocked, and waited but
there was no sound. Cautiously, he pashed
open the door.

  The room was untenanted. Light came
from a large globe in the ceiling. He ad-
vanced across the floor, his eyes darting to
right and left. He paused over the table
in the center, and gazed thoughtfully down
at the small heap of metallic dust under the
jar.
618

WONDER STORIES

  “Pretty well cleaned out,” he muttered.
“It’s gone, all right!” Again he glanced
around. This time his eye was caught by
the unusual appearance of the flower-pot on
the window ledge. It appeared to be filled
with something black. He walked over and
dug into the surface with his finger. Under-
neath was dry earth. It was just a thin
layer of powder on top. He pursed his
lips.

  A sound behind made him wheel around,
and gaze into the hall-way. Slowly there
took shape in the darkness there a crouch-
ing, mottled figure. It was a man—half
naked—whose skin was a dead grey in
color—splotched with black. It was star-
ing at him with wide, fixed eyes; and creep-
ing forward with a convulsive motion of
the lower legs. All the hope went out of
him, as he recognized George Dixon. He
cursed.

  “George! — In God’s name, what’s the
matter?”

  Julius Humboldt had taken three quick
steps forward when the other leaped. He
had a flashing glimpse of wide eyes, flaring
nostrils, bared teeth—and ducked instinc-
tively. The flying body struck him a glanc-
ing blow on the shoulder, and crashed full-
length on the floor. He stared at it, hor-
rified.

  “George.

  The prostrate creature screamed, and beat
the floor with its fists. Humboldt recoiled
instinctively.

  “Mad!” he breathed through white lips.
He advanced gingerly; and, kneeling down,
placed a hand gently on the other’s shoul-
der. There came a quick, sharp snarl; and
he snatched his hand violently from between
the other’s closing teeth.

  Again he leaped back, and stood rigidly
still. Hurried thoughts raced through his
brain. He would have to do something for
George—and do it quick. A doctor . . .?

  He frowned irritably. What would a doc-
tor do? He didn’t want some fool messing
around and making things worse. What
would a doctor treat for? What was wrong
with George? — that was the question.

HE had better assume it was the experi-
ment that was doing it. He had been

only half serious when he had warned
George about it; but now . . . Obviously
the experiment had been a success. George
had found something—something that had
consumed the food under that jar. Might
as well call it “life” as anything else; al-
though it must be totally different from
terrestrial life. Something in the form of
a ray—light ray, gamma ray—something
that could pass through glass. Yes, he was
pretty sure of that. But then what would
it do?

  He stood rigidly still, gazing with unsee-
ing eyes down at the now quiet figure on
the floor. He must marshal all the facts.
He must understand this thing in order to
conquer it ... .

  George had babbled something about a
geranium. Now, what . . . Suddenly he re-
membered the flower pot, and his eyes wid-
ened. At last the thing became clear to him.
He felt that he could visualize graphically
what had happened—what was happening.
Rays shooting out—radiating—in all direc-
tions from the jar;, passing through the
plant on the window ledge—and consuming
it; passing through George ....

  He shuddered. The brain, the nerves—the
most delicate organs—would go first, natur-
ally. He must do something—get a doctor;
a sedative might help. He left the room,
and locked the door behind him. Making
for the telephone stand, he tripped over
something. It was the telephone. It was
loose—the wires torn out of the box.

  Well, there was an extension in George’s
bedroom. He took the stairs three at a
time. There was a light in the room. He
had just picked up the phone when some-
thing peculiar caught his eye. The bed
sheet was a strange, dark grey in color. He
bent closer. Yes—something wrong. He
touched it, and started violently. The sheet
ciumbled to powder under his hand. He
shook his head in bewilderment ....

  Obviously the sheet was affected in the
same way as George and the geranium. But
why the sheet? Why not something nearer
the laboratory? .... . Then he gasped, as
the full meaning of the phenomenon burst
upon him. It was George that had infected
the sheet. George was being fed on by the
DEATH FROM THE STAtyS

619

strange disease; therefore, George was giv-
ing off the rays—and in enormously greater
quantities than the little block had done.

  The horror of the situation overcame him,
and he sat down heavily upon the bed.
George broadcasting Death! He tried to
look ahead—to understand the full signifi-
cance of that fact.

  George broadcasting Death—impregnat-
ing anything and everything that came near
him. And then infected tilings radiating it,
in their turn ....

  Where would it stop? What could stop
it? He shrugged his shoulders helplessly.
You couldn’t fight a thing you knew noth-
ing about.... The thing would spread like
wild-fire. George was a menace to man-
kind—to all life—-to the world!

  Absent-mindedly he picked up the tele-
phone; shrugged again; and set it down . . .
Couldn’t call a doctor. Couldn’t call any-
body. Nobody would understand. They
would take George to a hospital where he
would spread disaster at a terrific rate, or
they would hang around and infect them-
selves; then go out and spread the thing.
Warnings would be no use; people never
paid any attention to warnings they could
not understand. They would laugh at him;
he could hear them ....

  “Life from the stars, indeed! . . . Disease
from afar—ha, ha!” They would call him
mad—and then fall victims to the thing they
derided. And the minute a few were af-
fected nothing could stop it. He, himself,
knew more about it than anyone else; but
he had no idea how it could be checked ....

  He wondered vaguely if he were infect-
ed. Perhaps not, in so short a time
Well, he would be, before he got through.

  He would have to work alone . .. Work?
—he drew his hand across his eyes.—Work?
. . . On what? Grimly he considered. He
couldn’t leave George, certainly. Must try
to save him, no matter how small the
chances; must study the Rays—try to find
out . . . .

The Stain on the Wall

FROM below came a thud and a heavy
pounding on the laboratory door. He
shivered slightly.

  What to do with George? Would have to
keep him quiet. Frowning heavily, he de-
scended the stairs. The racket in the labor-
atory was steadily increasing in volume. To
the pounding was now added shrill, angry
cries.

  A hypodermic of some sort would be
necessary for such noises would soon bring
inquisitive people—and inquisitive people
meant disaster. But how to get dope with-
out a doctor? He knew of a doctor in the
city who minded his own business; but deals
like that required money, and he had no
money .... Well, he had to do something
right away. You could hear that howling
a block.

  He unlocked the door. As he turned the
knob, the door burst open, knocking him
violently backwards. Before he could re-
gain his balance the other was upon him. As
lie was borne to the floor, all other emo-
tions were dominated by his amazement at
the homicidal tendencies of this man who,
a week ago, had been as mild-mannered and
studious as one could wish.

  He fought vainly against the powerful,
frenzied grip on his throat. Blood pounded
in his ears; his temples throbbed. With
his one free hand he reached along the
floor for something that he knew was there.
He found it,—the telephone—and, swinging
it up, relentlessly clubbed the head of his
assailant. The grip on his throat relaxed,
and the body of George Dixon rolled over
limply on the floor. Getting to his feet,
he raised it in his arms; and slowly mount-
ed the stairs. He laid it on the bed and
bent over it. Out for three or four hours,
he decided with relief. He needed at least
that.

  He searched methodically through the
clothes in the closet, but found only a little
over six dollars. A further search of the
bureau netted only the check-book of a local
bank. He stared at this latter find long and
thoroughly; then shook his head. No, he
would try searching the rest of the house
first. An hour’s search, however, brought
no results; and at seven o’clock he was
seated at a desk with the check-book and
ore of George’s letters before him.

*	Promptly at nine he was at the local bank.
620

WONDER STORIES

The young teller looked thoughtfully at the
check he presented.

  “Are you staying with Mr. Dixon, Mr.—
Mr. . . . .?”

  “Humboldt., Yes, I am.”

  “Well—it’s a rather large—”

  “If it is identification you want, I have a
letter from Mr. Dixon to myself,” said Hum-
boldt brusquely.

  The young man studied the proffered let*
tei gravely. “All right, sir. You know we
have to be careful, sir. How will you have

it?____”

  Humboldt caught the nine-fifteen train
to the city. He sat huddled in the corner of
a car, feeling very tired and a little sick.
He felt that he was on a fool’s errand.
George, he knew, could not be saved; it was
only a question of how long he would live.
Not very long, probably. A thing that can
attack vital nerves kills quickly ....

  Humboldt stirred uneasily in his seat.
George’s death, he reflected grimly, would
not end the matter. Far from it! ... There
was enough substance in his body to feed
the disease for weeks—months, perhaps. And
throughout all that time the deadly radia-
tions would continue—menacing all life,
passing through all barriers ....

  All barriers?—He remained deep in
thought during the rest of the journey. By
the time the Pennsylvania Station was
reached, he had come to a decision.

  An hour later—richer by a few grams of
morphine and a syringe; poorer by a con-
siderable sum of money—he was studying
a classified telephone directory. Finding
what he wanted, he called a number, and
gave an order. There appeared to be some
difficulty at the other end; and he spoke
irritably:—	*

  “Yes—lead. Can you hear me? . . . •
Good! — Do you have one, or not? . . .
Good! I want immediate delivery . . . .
What? .... I don’t care what it costs ....
Yes—this afternoon . . . Good! .... Get a
truck. I will pay all delivery charges ...”

HE gave the address, and hung up. The
journey back to Great Neck he spent
in deep thought. How to study the Rays?
How to make them tangible—measurable?

—An electroscope? Photographic plates?

  He groaned in despair. All that was so
arduous—so complicated; and he had need
for speed. The Rays were spreading rapid-
ly, he was certain; eating into the timbers
of the house, into the ground, perhaps . . .

  To his immense relief the house was
quiet when he let himself in at the front
door. He mounted the stairs on tip-toe, and
cautiously unlocked the bedroom door. Cau-
tion left him, then; and for a moment he
was overcome by nausea. Forcing himself,
he approached, wide-eyed, the black lump
on the bed. The head was bald, and the
one ear that he could see was no more than
a stump. The nose was a black wound in
the ghastly face. The eyes were gone.

  Fighting his disgust, he reached out a
hand. The body felt like warm mud. He
shuddered, and drew back . . * . No need
for the hyp now—but he was glad he had
got the other thing ....

  His eye was caught by three ugly indenta-
tions in the skull. His work . . .

  Horror surged up within him, and he
dashed headlong from the room and down
the stairs. He sank weakly into a chair in
the living room. He was trembling; felt
very tired—incapable of thought. He
knew he had better get out of the house.
Death was there. He imagined the Rays
driving through the air about him. He felt
that he could almost see them. They would
be coming from many sources now—shoot-
ing in all directions ....

  His head fell back upon the cushion of
the chair. He knew he must get up, but he
nteded a little rest. His strength was ex-
hausted .... Suddenly his eyes became in-
tent. He had been gazing at the ceiling,
but had not until now noticed the dark, ir-
regular stain in its center.

  He wondered about it. It alarmed him,
somehow ....

  What would cause such a stain? What
was above this room? Feebly he concen-
trated on the problem. The stairs . . . the
hall—to the right was—yes, George’s bed-
room! The Thing was lying there—yes,
in the center right above the stain ....

  He shivered. He would have to get out;
but he needed a little rest. He relaxed ... •
DEATH FROM THE STARS

621

  The stain had a peculiar shape. He de-
cided that it had legs—a head—and one
arm. He watched it steadily. It seemed to
move a little ....

  Yes, it was moving! In sudden alarm,
he struggled to rise; but could not. The
one arm of the shape was stretching out to-
wards him. He knew how it would feel—
like warm mud .... His terror was a phy-
sical pain, but he could not move.

  Suddenly it was all around him—the
warm mud. He was sinking in it, and could
not breathe. Death was near, but help was
coming. He could hear it—a small bell,
very faint. Then a booming sound. He re-
newed his struggles—and suddenly was
free ....

  Julius Humboldt opened his eyes, and
leaped to his feet. Angrily he had been
asleep. Now there was somebody at the
front door—ringing, knocking. He would
have to go, but it was a damned nuisance!
lie stepped into the hall. Certainly didn’t
want visitors. But maybe it was . . .

  He started slightly as he swung open the
d< or, and saw the policeman. He remained
silent, collecting his wits ....

  “Mr. Dixon home?” rumbled the officer.

  Julius Humboldt put out his hand, and
grasped the door-post. He stood perfectly
still, frowning. Then:

  “No. He is not at home,” he said.

  “No?”—the officer’s tone was peculiar
—“Well, maybe you know something about
this.—Is your name Humboldt?”

  “Yes,”—Humboldt stared fixedly at the
slip of paper* The officer shook it impa-
tiently ....

  “Where’d you get this check?” he asked
loudly.

  “From Mr. Dixon.”

  “Yes?—Well, I wanna hear Dixon say
that ...” He took a step forward. Hum-
boldt did not move.

  “Mr. Dixon is not at home,” he repeat-
ed.

One More Crime

THE officer growled. “Oh!—So you’re
gonna get hard, huh? You better be
nice—get me? This here check is a phoney;

an’ I got a good mind to take you along to
the station now!” He eyed the other’s shab-
by clothes with extreme disfavour.

  “You know that you can do nothing of the
sort,” pointed out Humboldt calmly, “un-
til you have found Mr. Dixon.”

  “Well, I’m gonna find ’im soon enough.
An’ now I’m gonna search this house.” He
made another forward movement. Still
Humboldt did not move.

  “Yoi* have a warrant?”—his voice was
cold.

  Again the policeman stopped and glower-
ed. “Hard guy, ain’t yu? — Well—”

  He was interrupted by the sound of a
heavy truck rumbling up the drive. He
turned. “What do these guys want?”
Humboldt’s lips tightened. “That is none
of your affair!”

  “No?—We’ll see about that.... Hey!
What do you guys want?” He addressed the
driver, who had by now climbed down from
his seat.

  The driver looked alarmed—then indig-
nant. “Why, we got the coffin .... We was
tc deliver it here—a lead coffin. An’ damned
heavy it—”

  “Oh, a coffin!- the officer cut in. He
swung around upon Humboldt. “Is that
all? .... Say there’s something damned
funny about this house ....” He looked up
ard down, apparently including the entire
house in his broad sneer. “We got a lot
of complaints about noises in this house last
night—screams like .... An’ now a
coffin!”

  Suddenly he swung around, and bellowed
at the gaping truck driver. “Take that thing
down to the station-house, an’ leave it there.
We don’t have no funerals around here with-
out'the undertaker! And as for you—” he
turned to Humboldt—“I’m cornin’ back —
get me? .... With a warrant—”

  Suddenly he stopped, and gaped at the
other. “What the hell have you got on your
face?”

  A chill shot through Humboldt. He stif-
fened. Then: “That, also, is none of your
affair,” he said softly.

  The officer favored him with a look of
concentrated venom. “All right, Wise Guy
622

WONDER STORIES

—you wait!”—he stamped down the steps.
Humboldt closed the door.

  He walked very slowly, and with clench-
ed fists, to a mirror. One glance was enough
to tell him what he wanted to know, but
he stared for a long time with a kind of
fascination at his terrible face. Then he
turned, and walked out of the house. He
noted without surprise—scarcely with inter-
est—that the grass, up against the front of
the porch, was black—burnt-looking. He
looked up at the window of George’s bed-
room.

  A maple tree grew near the house, and
a large branch forked towards that window.
The leaves were not green. They, too, were
black and burnt-looking. Humboldt laugh-
ed harshly.

  Study the Rays! Much chance he would
have! You couldn’t study a thing that
crumbled your body—stole your reason ...
Even his one little gesture had been thwart-
ed, he thought bitterly. He had hoped to
protect the world from George with a lead
shield. And they had taken that....

  He would be the second to go—but not
the last. Perhaps the policeman would be
the third. He would warn him ....

  Warn him! Again he laughed. He would
say, “Don’t go into that house—warrant or
nc warrant. In there is invisible Death. I
don’t know what it is. It comes from out
of the skies.” •

  And the policeman would say, “Gettin’
funny, huh?”

  But even if the policeman were convinced,
and didn’t go in, the Rays would spread—
through the grass, through the trees, through
the ground. How much air could they tra-
verse?

  What were they? He called them “Rays”.
He had made a word picture for them. But
it was just a word picture—nothing more.
This lie knew: that they were something that
fed on earthly substances—mainly living
things, it seemed. How could you stop a
tiling like that ....’?

  He stiffened suddenly; his jaw set; and
he strode swiftly to the road, and down the
hill towards the town. He would try once
more. He might beat the policeman to it.
He smiled grimly. Thief, forger, buyer of

drugs, possibly murderer-^he would try to
beat the Law once again. He would com-
mit one more crime—perhaps two....

  Ten minutes brought him to a filling sta-
tion. “Do you have any five-gallon tins?”
he inquired of the attendant.

  “Yes, sir!”

  “Well, my car is out of gas—up in Mr.
Dixon’s garage. I want you to fill two tins,
and drive me up there.”

  ‘“Well, I can give you a gallon; and then
you can stop by here, and—”

  “Do what I say!” snapped Humboldt,
“and don’t stand too near me.”

  The other merely gaped at him.

  “Get it!”—Humboldt threw a roll of bills
at the attendant. The latter succeeded in
mastering his astonishment.

  “Yes, sir!” he cried. He filled the cans,
and placed them in a rickety car. Hum-
boldt got into the back seat.

  “Go up the driveway, and set them down
at the front,” he directed. The other pulled
up before the front steps.

  “Don’t you want them in the garage?” he
objected.

  “Do as I say,” said Humboldt again. The
man deposited the cans on the steps, and pre-
pared to go.

  “Had a fire?” he inquired chattily, look-
ing around at the grass.

  Humboldt did not answer. He lifted one
of the cans, and lugged it into the house.
He heard the car rattle away.

  From the kitchen, at the back of the house,
he secured a dipper; and began methodical-
ly to scatter the liquid in all the rooms—on
the floors, walls, ceilings, and furniture. He
hurried, running from one room to another.
His legs felt numb; he was a little dizzy;
and then there was the policeman ....

  He went upstairs. In one of the rooms
he found a closet, which had a tiny window
looking out upon a grove of trees at the
back of the house.

  “Private in back,” he muttered, with an
approving smile. Then he tried the key in-
the lock, and put it 011 the inside. He went
on with this work. Upon the thing that had
been George Dixon he poured a gallon of
the fluid. Then he went downstairs and out
oI the house.
DEATH FROM THE STARS

623

  There was no one in sight. The grounds
were fairly spacious, the nearest house being
over three hundred yards away. Slowly he
walked around the house, emptying his sec-
ond tin on the walls and porches—on the
grass. Lastly, he laid a little train of it out
across the back yard.... It was getting
dark.

  He lighted a cigarette; and, stooping,
dropped the match on the last little splotch
of gasoline. A tiny flame shot up, and ran
towards the house.

  He walked slowly around to the front;
and went in, locking the door behind him.
He sat down on the staircase; and, reaching
into his pocket, drew out the little bottle of
morphine and the syringe. Might as well
make use of it, after all, he thought with
some satisfaction.

  The sight of his hands sickened him: ug-
ly, black—looked as if they might fall
apart.... He charged the syringe from the
bottle.

  Perhaps he was saving other people from
having hands like this. Deprived of food,
this “life” or whatever it was from another

star, might die a natural death. Then again
k might not. But the chances were that he
was doing a whole lot of people a lot of
good....

  He dug the needle into his leg, and laugh-
ed. Anyway, he had nothing to lose! A
fine hero!.... Julius Humboldt had al-
ways found it hard to be sentimental ....
He got to his feet, and slowly climbed the
stairs. It was difficult to move. He went in-
to the closet, and lifted the tiny window. A
roar and a wave of hot air greeted him. He
drew back with a smile, and locked the closet
deor.

  A tongue of flame shot up past the win-
dow, licking at the sill. He gazed at it ad-
miringly. Wonderful stuff—fire! .. . .Clean
.... pure .... vital .... Highest state
of matter

  The heat was choking him now The roar-
ing and the heat were now tremendous....
he laughed.

  Robbery ... forgery ... murder ... arson
. . . and now, one more!

  He tossed the key into the flame.

THE END.

                       
For An Important       
ANNOUNCEMENT           
To All Readers         
Turn To The Editorial  
Page 581               
Of This Issue          

 Between Dimensions

     Almost instantly one of the tripods was above me; and the
     next moment 1 had been transferred to a basket beneath the cupola.
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

625

IN the autumn of 1942 I spent the month
of October with Loren Rogers at his
camp in northern Wisconsin. It was my
first visit, although this invitation was a
long standing one and only the press of
work had kept me from
taking advantage of it
before. Loren had been
my closest friend al-
most since childhood.

We had been class-
mates in High School,
took our engineering
courses at the same un-
iversity, and were to-
gether in the Chemical
Warfare Division dur-
ing the World War of
1936-38.

 My name is Paul
Dahn. I am a chem-
ist by profession —
perhaps I should say
a retired chemist, since
I spend little time in
the laboratory these
days—and my name
may be not wholly un-
familiar to some of my
readers. As the in-
ventor of Dahnite I
was at one time, until
its usefulness was su-
perseded by the new
atomic explosives, fair-
ly well known. I men-
tion this simply be-
cause it may in some
degree silence the in-
evitable accusation
that I am merely an-
other publicity seeker,
spinning a wild yarn
in the hope of grab-
bing a few moments in
the limelight.

  Loren had abandon-
ed engineering for lit-
erature after the war—it is a pity that he'
instead of myself, could not have been the
writer of this chronicle. At the time of my
visit he was finishing a novel; in fact, that

was the reason he was staying on alone at
the camp through the autumn. On my ar-
rival he was all for throwing his typewriter
out the window and declaring a general
holiday. I had to threaten to pack up and
go home before I
could get him to listen
to reason, and we fin-
ally settled the argu-
ment by a compromise.
He was to work on al-
ternate days and play
around with me only
on in between. On his
writing days I would
amuse myself.

                      At that time rocket
                    planes were just be-
                    ginning to replace the
                    old-fashioned propel-
                    ler type machines.
                    Loren had one of the
                    first ones, a little two-
                    seater amphibian. It
                    was a pretty crude af-
                    fair, judged by modern
                    standards—it made the
                    most ungodly racket
                    you ever heard in your
                    life, and its top speed
                    was barely four hun-
                    dred miles an hour.
                    But at the time it was
                    quite the latest thing
                    out, and we were as
                    keen about it as kids.

                   We spent most of
our time in that fool
machine, just gadding
around the country.
We went pretty nearly
everywhere, our most
ambitious attempt, I
remember, being a
jaunt out to San Fran-
cisco to see a Stan-
ford-California game.
It will make you smile,
I suppose, but in those days to go that far
and come back, all in the same day, seemed
not much short of miraculous. We got a
great kick out of it. We would stagger out

^ 'T'HE wonders of JimeN
  ** and space are just be-
  ginning to be appreciated
  in this fourth decade of the
  twentieth century. The
  Fitzgerald Contraction the-
  ories, the Einstein discov-
  eries are awakening us to
  the astounding possibilities
  of changes in matter and
  unbelievable dimensional
  transformations.

    We know that in our or-
  dinary lives, we occupy
  space, and we move through
  time. We had once believed
  with the old classical phy-
  sics that “no two bodies can
  occupy the same space at
  the same time.” But_ we
  did not understand what
  the word “space” meant.

   Modern physics has
  taught us that the “space99
  we occupy does not pre-
  clude another body occupy-
  ing the same space. In fact
  we know that an almost in-
  finite number of bodies may
  coexist with us in the same
  “space** but on different
  planes of existence.

    Mr. Keith*s astonishing
  dimensional story is not
  based on imaginative the-
  ories but on scientific prin-
  ciples. And he has given
  us a picture of other worlds
  that is so intriguing, so col-
  orful, that one cannot but
  wish to change for a time
  his “space-time** position
  for that experienced by our
  ^author’s characters.	^
626

WONDER STORIES

of the old bus at the end of one of our crazy
expeditions, stiff and sore from hours of
cramped sitting, deafer than posts from the
roar of the engines, and feel as proud of
ourselves as though we had been to Mars and
back. We had a grand time.

  Then, along in the third week of my
stay, I developed a toothache—a good live-
ly one. The nearest village was only twen-
ty miles away and undoubtedly supported
a dentist competent to relieve my sufferings.
But that, of course, was too prosaic a solu-
tion of the difficulty for my taste. Nothing
would do but that I must take the plane and
fly to Chicago to my own dentist. I started
early the following morning. And as it
happened to be one of Loren’s work days
I went alone.

THE early rocket en*
gines were by no
means as dependable as
they have since become.

No alloys had yet been
developed that would
stand the terrific temper-
atures generated, and the
combustion chambers of
Loren’s plane were lined
with fused quartz. After
an indefinite period of
use these quartz linings
were given to cracking.

They then rapidly broke
up and were blown out
of the rocket, whereupon
the outer shell of steel
promptly melted unless the fuel was im-
mediately shut off.

  As I have said, for nearly three weeks we
had been flying the plane almost continu-
ously and I now fell heir to all the trouble
that had heretofore been impending. One
after another the rockets conked out on me
until only four out of twelve were left. I
finally limped into the airport at Chicago
on one third the plane’s normal motive
power. The repairs not only held me over
until the next day, they were not completed
until late afternoon, and although the re-
turn trip was uneventful I did not arrive
until nearly sunset of the second day. I

had, of course, telephoned Loren immediate-
ly after reaching Chicago and told him not
to expect me until the following day.

  Our landing field was a small meadow
about a hundred yards from Loren’s cabin,
which perched on the crest of the highest
hill in the neighborhood. I can remember
that even as I began to mount the path I
had a presentiment of something wrong. I
cannot explain it; but it came to me very
powerfully, a feeling of apprehension and
disquiet. Coming in the kitchen door the
first thing that met my eye was Loren’s Gor-
don setter, Horatius. The dog had crawled
under the cook-stove. When I spoke he re-
fused to obey, and when I finally lost pa-
tience and grabbed his collar and hauled
•him out bodily he cow-
ered trembling against
my shins. He was obvi-
ously frightened, and
badly frightened. I rais-
ed my voice and shouted,
but I think even then I
expected no answer. And
I received none. The
house was empty. Loren
was gone.

  His absence in itself
was no cause for worry.
But the state of the dog
and my own nameless
foreboding stimulated my
imagination. When I"had
made a wide circuit
through the forest about
the house, hallooing
every moment or two, without result, I re-
turned to the cabin oppressed by the convic-
tion that something dreadful had happened.
In the living room I caught a glimpse of
my tense face in the mirror, and abruptly
tried to snap out of it.

  “You damned fool!” I told myself,
“you’re simply letting yourself be stampeded
into a case of nerves. Nothing has happen-
ed. There’s nothing that could happen.
Stop being a silly ass. Loren is just out
prowling around somewhere. He’ll be back
any minute.”

  I forced myself to sit down and resolute-
ly took up a magazine, determined to be

J. E. KEITH
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

627

sensible. But at the end of an hour Loren
had not appeared, and I determined to call
the sheriff at the county seat and ask him
to send out a search party. However, when
I attempted to do so the telephone was dead.
By this time daylight was gon^, and I curs-
ed myself for the delay. There was no way
of getting help, now, until morning. I
might possibly be able to take off in the
plane, despite the darkness, but our meadow
was the only landing place within miles
and, on the return with a posse, to locate
it from the air in the darkness was out of
the question. The season had been abnor-
mally dry and I dared not leave a fire for a
beacon because of the danger of starting a
forest fire. There seemed nothing to do ex-
cept to wait for the dawn, hoping, mean-
while, that Loren would show up.

  I again made a circle around the cabin
without discovering anything. Then I pre-
pared and ate a skimpy meal. Not that I
was hungry, but it gave me something to
do. After that there was nothing but the
slow waiting for the long hours to drag
themselves through. From time to time I
went outside and yelled, but the starry vast-
ness of the night gave back no reply. I was
really alarmed then.

  I tried to read, but I could not keep my
attention on the printed page. I fiddled
with the radio, but like the telephone it was
dead. And over and above my worry about
Loren, there was growing within me a name-
less apprehension, a fear, a feeling that
something—something horrible—impended.
It was Horatius who made it impossible for
me to shake it off. If I say it myself, I
think I have my normal share of courage,
and I know that I am not given to imagin-
ing dangers that do not exist. But the con-
duct of the dog definitely upset me.

  He clung to my heels at every step and,
when I sat down, insisted upon cowering
at my feet. His tail never came out from
between his legs; his whole attitude bespoke
a deadly fear, and his fear communicated
itself to me. ~ Even after I had locked the
doors and placed a rifle and pistol handy
I found myself starting at each sudden noise
from the night outside.

ABOUT eleven o’clock I threw myself
down on the couch in the living room
and, despite my anxiety and apprehension,
went to sleep. I cannot explain it, for I was
neither tired nor sleepy. Perhaps the light
overhead, shining down into my wide-open
eyes, had a slightly hypnotic effect. Any-
way, I dozed off ... .

   I awoke with a start. To my surprise, it
 was broad daylight. And to my still great-
 er surprise, my watch gave the hour as a
 moment after twelve o’clock. I had the
 feeling of having slept only a short time,
 and it was inconceivable that I had actual-
 ly slept until noon. Yet my timepiece was
 running, and I knew it to be an accurate
 and dependable one. I sat up abruptly and
 said, “What the devil?”

   It was the sight of the dog that called my
 attention from this puzzle. The sun had dis-
 sipated my fears of the night before, but the
 moment my eye fell upon Horatius they re-
 turned with a rush. The dog was cringing
 in a corner of the room, trying, apparently,
 to crowd himself right through the intersec-
 tion of the walls. His hackles had risen and
 his lips were drawn back from his teeth,
 but the sound that issued was neither a
 snarl of defiance nor a growl of anger; it
 was a whimper of deadly fear.

  A shudder ran through me. The next
moment I had leaped across the room and
seized the rifle that leaned against the wall.
I whirled about with the weapon in my
hands, seeking the cause of the animal’s ter-
ror. The movement brought one of the win-
dows into my line of vision, and abruptly
my momentary panic was displaced by the
most profound shock of astonishment that
any mortal ever experienced. For instead
of the familiar rolling forest that should
have been there, the window framed a vista
of yellow sand, boulder dotted, and shim-
mering in the heat. Scattered at sparse in-
tervals over the surface of this desert were
clumps of unfamiliar trees. They looked a
little like palms, but their size far outdis-
tanced any palm I had ever seen. They
towered two, three, even four hundred feet
into the sky. When I opened the window a
blast of heat like the breath of a furnace
^fanned my face.
628

WONDER STORIES

  I shall not try to describe my emotions
for the simple reason that I did not have
any. I was utterly numbed, mentally and
physically. I must have stood there for a
full minute or two, stupidly clutching the
casement which I had flung open, until
Horatius put up his nose and uttered a long
mournful howl.

  I turned around then and swore at him
savagely. It seemed to make him feel bet-
ter, for he gave me a look of recognition
and did not howl again. He stayed, how-
ever, tight in his corner. I crossed to an-
other window, looked out, and then stopped
hesitantly in the middle of the room. I
did not know what to do. It is significant,
perhaps, that it never once entered my head
that I might be dreaming. I knew that it was
real.

  I decided presently that my first move
would be to reconnoiter. I went outside and
walked around the cabin. The house itself
was all intact, and I could discover no
feature of it that seemed unfamiliar or show-
ed evidence of change. It sat solidly on its
foundation of logs; the ground around it
was not marked by so much as a scratch;
there was, in short, nothing, not one thing,
about its exterior appearance to indicate
that it had ever been moved an inch since
the day it was erected. The landscape, on
every side, was as I had seen it from the
window. However, the cabin stood at the
center of a shallow depression or bowl, and
it was impossible to see more than half a
mile in any direction. My next step, ob-
viously, was to see what lay beyond the
rim.

        CHAPTER II.
        A New World

I WENT back into the house and saw
to arming myself. The gun I had
brought out the evening before was an
Aguchi carbine that Loren had picked up
during the war and kept as a souvenir. Fit-
ted with explosive ammunition it was an
effective weapon, but I knew that Loren
also had one of the new hydrogen rifles
which had been put on the market only

a year or two before.— When I looked it was
not in its accustomed place.

  I searched the whole house thoroughly
without discovering any trace of it, and
my lack of success finally led me to the first
coherent thought since my first awakening.
The thing that had happened to me was so
utterly impossible that I had not even tried
to speculate about it. I did not try now.
But it suddenly occurred to me that the
same thing had happened to Loren, per-
haps.	11

  The obvious explanation of the rifle’s dis-
appearance was that he had taken it. He
might even now be somewhere in the neigh-
borhood. The effect of this train of thought
was to cause me to dash out of doors and
fire a fusillade of shots. I then brought out
the pile of kindling that was stacked beside
the kitchen stove, made a fire, smothered
it with rags, and was rewarded by a thick
column of smoke which ascended straight
into the still air and must have been visible
for many miles.

  Satisfied that Loren would see it if he were
anywhere near, I resumed my preparations
for my scouting expedition. I changed my
clothes—I still had on the sack suit I had
worn on my trip to Chicago—loaded myself
with pistol, rifle and ammunition, and as an
afterthought dug out a canteen—another of
Loren’s souvenirs—and filled it at the wa-
ter pail in the kitchen. I tried to persuade
Horatius to accompany me, b«t he stub-
bornly refused to leave the house. I didn’t
blame him much; it was certainly cooler
there. So I sallied forth alone.

  One direction seemed as good as an-
other. I spat on a pebble, tossed it in the
air, and it came down pointing to the west.
So west it was. The sand was loose under-
foot and made the going slow, but at the
end of a half an hour I panted up the last
few feet of the slope and stood on the rim
of the bowl. I was deeply disappointed at
what I saw. No slightest sign of life greet-
ed my eye save a flock of birds wheeling
across the distant sky. I don’t know just
what I had expected to find, but I distinctly
remember the feeling of depression that
swept over me. From where I was the
ground sloped away very gently toward the
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

629

west. For perhaps four or five miles it
retained its desert character. Then the
clumps of giant palms became more fre-
quent and apparently merged at last into a
dense forest or jungle, for the horizon, as
far as I could see, was a waving shadow of
green.

  There was obviously nothing to be dis-
covered by going farther in this direction.
I did an about face and retraced my steps.
After stopping at the cabin to jettison my
pistol, which had gotten confoundedly
heavy, I went on in an easterly direction.
Coming over the edge of the depression I
found myself on a level plain which end-
ed abruptly a quarter of a mile away in a
precipice. When at last I reached the edge
I stopped and gasped in amazement. On my
right and my left the cliff at my feet ran
away in a straight line until it met the
horizon. Its height was terrific; it fell away
in a sheer descent for at least a mile. Be-
fore me was the sea—and what a sea!
Blood-red in color, it stirred restlessly far
below, a vast expanse of shimmering scar-
let, unbroken as far as the eye could reach
except for the tiny white streaks that were
whitecaps close to the base of the precipice.
Perhaps a mile down the coast, and about
the same distance off-shore, was an island,
a towering pile of rock whose precipitous
sides soared into the sky almost to my own
elevation.

  The strangeness, the immensity, of the
scene were absolutely crushing. I sank down
beside a convenient boulder, which shelter-
ed me from the sun’s burning rays, and for
almost an hour remained lost in wonder,
drinking in every detail of the staggering
vista that was spread before me. Then I
got up, took a pull from my canteen, and
began to walk along the edge of the cliff
in the direction of the island. I wanted to
get a look at it from the other side. The
height was so great that I had no sensation
of giddiness, and I walked very close to
the brink, where the footing was more
smooth.

I HAD covered about half a mile when it
happened. I must have unwittingly
stepped on a small round stone. Anyone

my feet suddenly shot out from under me,
and the next thing I knew I had fallen across
the edge of the cliff and was sliding out-
ward. It occurred so quickly that I had no
time to save myself. I made a single des-
perate clutch at the rim, and it failed. I
did manage to get a half-hold with one
hand, but my fingers slipped on the smooth
rock. There followed a brief instant of
suspense, the most horrible that I have ever
known. Then I fell free and dropped like
a plummet.

  I imagine that I am the only human be-
ing who ever fell from a mile-high cliff and
lived to tell about it, and it is regrettable
that I cannot describe for your benefit my
sensations in detail. But unfortunately I
neglected to take any notes during my de-
scent. I was, I suppose, so paralyzed by
fright as to be in a substantially fainting
condition. At any rate, I can remember
nothing at all of the fall beyond the familiar
“elevator feeling” in the pit of my stom-
ach.

  My first conscious and coherent memory,
after slipping over the brink of the cliff,
is of sprawling on a grassy sward, tremb-
ling in every limb, my heart in my mouth—•
but wholly unhurt. My immediate reaction
to this miraculous escape from sudden death
was to be violently sick. Then I staggered
weakly to my feet and looked about me.

  The towering precipice, the bloody vast-
ness of the sea, were utterly vanished. In
front of me was a rolling meadow with a
tiny brook running through it. At my back
was a park of noble trees. On the grass a
few feet away lay my rifle. I picked it up
and walked aimlessly away through the
park. I was too dazed at what had happen-
ed to take any thought of what I was doing.

  After a hundred yards or so I came to
what was obviously a highway, paved with
yellow brick. It was the first indication I
had had of other men—or perhaps I should
say intelligent beings—but I was not par-
ticularly surprised. I had got past the
point of being surprised at anything. I
turned into the road and followed it. I saw
nothing at all unusual as I proceeded with
the exception of small metal tablets which
were set along the roadside at intervals of
630

WONDER STORIES

about a quarter mile. They might have been
mile posts but for the fact that they bore
no inscription. A further peculiarity was
that they all, when touched, gave forth a
continuous musical note, the pitch being ap-
parently the same in every case.

  I had covered three or four miles before
anything untoward occurred. Then, as I
was approaching a bend in the road, a noise
from ahead caused me to stop. I listened
for a moment and then prudently stepped
off to one side and concealed myself behind
some bushes. A moment later a contraption
appeared around the curve which I can only
describe as a sort of mechanical centipede.
It consisted of a flat platform perhaps ten
by twenty feet in dimensions supported up-
on a great number—at least thirty or forty
—jointed legs.

  No driver was visible, nor, as far as I
could discern, was there any source of mo-
tive power, but the device nevertheless trot-
ted past me at a speed of about thirty miles
an hour, keeping squarely in the middle of
the road. Piled upon the platform was a
load of metal cylinders, which looked a
little like elongated ash cans. I remained
hidden for a few minutes after it had dis-
appeared, and then continued my journey
in the direction from which it had come.
My curiosity had been whetted and I in-
creased my pace.

  About a mile farther on a second of these
extraordinary motor trucks caused me to
scuttle hurriedly into the underbrush. A
third and a fourth soon followed, and then
came a convoy of more than a dozen. I
abandoned the highway entirely and made
my way through the woods paralleling it.
But when a little later I came out on a mod-
est hilltop I discovered that the road before
me stretched away through the forest in a
straight line for as far as I could see. Some-
what disappointed I again took to the
bricks, and went on.

The Mystery of the Lake

I MET nothing more. In time I began to
feel tired. I had been walking steadily
for four or five hours and covered a dis-
tance of probably fifteen miles. The road

seemed to be getting nowhere. It ran on
interminably; and there was not even a
change of surroundings. For miles after
mile on either side there remained the same
open forest. But there came a time at last
when I saw far ahead of me, framed between
the trees, the blue sheen of water. I re-
doubled my pace and presently came out on
the shores of a good-sized lake. The road
ended here. Or rather, it ran right right
into the lake.

  I sat down. There seemed to be nothing
else to do. It was not unpleasant there.
The sun sparkled on the surface of the lake,
and a cool little wind blew across it. The
temperature, I should perhaps mention, was
equable—much lower than in the desert on
which I had first found myself. I might al-
so mention a curious circumstance which I
now noticed for the first time. Although
six hours had passed since I first came upon
the yellow road the sun had remained sta-
tionary in the sky. I could not perceive
that it had moved a particle.

  As I sat there a deep resonant sound came
from the depths of the lake and repeated it-
self several times. It sounded not unlike
a dinner bell and reminded me that I had
not eaten for some ten hours. I had come
upon no sign of game, had seen no living
creature in fact except a few birds, and
those at a great distance. I got up and be-
gan to snoop about in the hope of finding
edible berries or fruits. My search was un-
rewarded and after a few minutes I gave it
up and returned to the point where the road
entered the lake. I then discovered that an-
other machine had appeared. It differed
from those I had seen previously. It was
much smaller, for one thing, its dimensions
being about the same as those of a piano.

  It consisted of an open framework sur-
rounding an exceedingly complicated mech-
anism, the whole moving about on four legs
affixed at the corners. When I came closer
I discovered that it was engaged in repair-
ing the road. By this time my curiosity had
got the better of my caution and I approach-
ed until I was almost close enough to touch
it. It worked on steadily, quite heedless of
my presence, ripping up row after row of
bricks, spreading cement, and relaying
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

631

them. I was fascinated, but after only a
few brief moments it apparently finished
its job. Then, to my astonishment, it wad-
dled straight out into the lake and in a
moment was completely submerged. For
some time it remained visible through the
clear water, steadily descending lower and
lower, until at last it disappeared.

  One puzzle was solved. It was now ap-
parent that the unusual termination of the
yellow road was not an accident. It did not
end at the lake, but in it. Somewhere in
those depths there must be a colony of in-
telligent beings, the proprietors of the
machines I had seen. It suddenly occur-
red to me that possibly the walking plat-
forms I had met on the road were a sort of
motor bus. Perhaps each of the cylinders
they carried was filled with water and con-
tained a living creature in the act of being
transported to another lake or river.

  A thousand questions thronged my mind,
but after a moment I resolutely set them
aside. The really important question was:
when did I eat? I was hungry. I was, in
fact, very hungry, and I had not the slight-
est idea where my dinner was coming from.
I had not given much thought to the matter
before, but I now saw that my situation
might be serious. As I have mentioned, I
had seen no game, nor anything else of an
edible nature. The problem of food would
soon be an important one.

  But at this moment, happening to glance
up the road, my eye fell upon one of the
moving platforms. It was only a couple of
hundred yards away, coming toward me,
and was loaded in the same manner as those
I had seen earlier. In the brief time before
it reached me my decision was made. I was
going to have a look at what those cylin-
ders contained!

AS I had hoped, when the machine came
near to the water’s edge, it slowed
down, and as it went by I managed to poke
one of the cylinders free with my rifle. It
rolled off onto the beach. It was about
two feet in diameter, and when I had stood
it upright it came to my shoulder. But the
cover would not come off.. I struggled un-
successfully with it for several minutes and

then stopped to rest. As I was about to make
a second attack the difficulty was unexpect-
edly solved. A loud buzzing sound from
the interior of the cylinder caused me to
jump back in alarm. The cover began to
move. It revolved rapidly for a few seconds
and then fell off. I slipped the safety of my
rifle, approached cautiously, and peered
over the edge.

  I do not know just what I expected to see
—a fish of some sort, perhaps, or an octopus
—but what L did see was nothing at all. Dis-
gusted, I gave it a push. It toppled over
at the lake’s margin and the water gushed
forth. But the next instant there was a ter-
rific thrashing in the shallows, and a second
later my pop-eyed gaze detected a disturb-
ance of the sandy bottom as an invisible
something darted out towards the depths.

  I prudently retreated to a point some fif-
ty yards from the water and there waited
for fifteen or twenty minutes, watching the
surface of the lake intently. But nothing
appeared, and I presently decided that it
was high time I began a serious search for
food. I set off toward the west, skirting the
shore of the lake but keeping well back
from it. It seemed to me just as well to be
in a position to beat an unnoticed retreat if
the denizen^ of the lake showed signs of dis-
approving of my presence.

  I had covered only about a quarter of a
mile when I came upon a battery of squat
masonry towers dotting the wooded hillside
which sloped up from the water’s edge.
They were about fifteen feet in diameter
but only eight or ten feet tall, and I count-
ed twenty-six of them altogether. I decid-
ed that they were ventilators. A leafy
branch held over the top of one of them
disclosed that a strong current of air was
entering. Whether they communicated with
underground chambers directly beneath, or
whether the air was conveyed to the center
of the lake, I had, of course, no way of de-
termining.

  I found an old letter in one of my pockets
and brought it forth with the idea of writ-
ing or drawing a message on it and tossing
it into one of the ventilators. The lack of
a pencil forced me to abandon this pro-
ject. So, instead, I folded the bit of paper
632

WONDER STORIES

into an “airplane” of the type known to
every schoolboy and, with a grin, tossed
it into the air above one of the towers and
saw it snatched out of sight by the draft.
1 have often wondered since if my under-
water friends ever found that toy, and if
they did what they made of it.

  A few hundred yards from this spot I
found my first food in the shape of an ex-
tensive patch of gourd-like vegetables, ap-
parently growing wild. They were inedible
raw, but when I had built a fire and roasted
some I found them very good, with a flavor
not unlike that of squash. I stuffed myself
full. Then, being dead tired, and at no
time having seen any sign of dangerous ani-
mals, I lay down beside my fire and went
to sleep. When I awoke ten hours later I
felt like a new man.

CHAPTER III.

The City of Machines

                                                               •

I STAYED in this vicinity two days. I
say two days—by that I mean forty-eight
hours as measured by my watch. Actually,
daylight was continuous, the movement of
the sun being just barely perceptible. I
estimated that at least 30 normal days must
be required for it to pass across the sky
once.

  My reason for remaining here was that
I had not given up hope of establishing
communication with the inhabitants of the
lake. They, however, apparently had no
desire for a closer acquaintance, for during
this time they lay absolutely doggo. No
more machines appeared, and nothing hap-
pened to indicate that these queer transpar-
ent fish—or whatever they were—so much
as existed. There was not much that I
could do about getting in touch with them.
I threw stones into the lake for half an hour
once, and another time I yelled down one
of the ventilating towers until I was hoarse,
but neither action brought any result. I
finally came to feel that I ought to be mov-
ing on.

  About ten miles distant to the south I
could see a range of high hills, and I re-
solved to see what lay beyond them. I made

my simple preparations for the journey,
chiefly the roasting of a number of squashes
and stringing them on a length of vine, and
then lay down for a nap before starting
out.

  But something far different was in store
for me. I awakened out of a troubled sleep
with difficulty, remaining for what seemed
like a long time in a semi-conscious state,
vaguely aware that all was not well, yet
wholly unable to assemble these misty ap-
prehensions into anything coherent. My
first clearly defined sensation was a sudden
realization that I was moving. The shock
of this understanding cleared my brain and
I opened my eyes.

  I discovered, then, that I was a passenger
on one of the walking platforms. It carried
a load of the metal cans I have previously
described, on top of which I was sprawled,
and was moving along a yellow road which
had every appearance of being the one I
had travelled. When I attempted to move
I found that from the neck down I was par-
alyzed. I was able to move my head, but
that was all.

  What had happened to me was at once
perfectly clear, I had been drugged while
I slept.

  My sensations may be imagined. The vast
majority of men are capable, I believe, of
facing any imminent visible danger very
creditably; the crisis produces in most of
us rather a pleasurable excitement than
fear. But an invisible threat is something
else again. And when the unknown menace
must be awaited in a condition of utter
physical helplessness one may, I trust, be
forgiven a slight uneasiness* not far removed
from fear. I freely admit, I put in a very
bad half hour.

  I was probably saved from complete funk
by my acute physical discomfort. The par-
alysis affected the motor nerves only, the
sensory nerves being uninfluenced, and I
was acutely aware that in a literal as well
as a figurative sense I was lying on no bed
of roses. A dozen sharp corners and pro-
jections dug into my helpless body, and
since I was unable to make the slightest
move the irritation came in time to be really
torturing.
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

633

    Fortunately neither the pain nor the sus-
 pense lasted long. We had been travelling,
 evidently, for some time before my awaken-
 ing for at a second glance I noticed that
 the forest beside the road was distinctly
 more open than I remembered it. Presently
 the trees gave out entirely and we emerged
 on an open plain. The position in which I
 lay was such that I could not see in the di-
 rection in which we were moving. I could
 note only the level pampas flowing past on
 either side and the steady recession of the
 forest from which we had emerged.

   Then, after about twenty minutes we sud-
 denly came to a halt. Turning my head I
 now saw that we stood outside a low white
 wall. A moment later we passed through
 a gate, which closed behind us. My convey-
 ance swung about, and I let out an invol-
 untary gasp of astonishment as I saw what
 lay before me.

 IMAGINE if you can an enormous manu-
 facturing plant set up under the open
 sky, and running full blast without a living
 soul in sight. The white wall enclosed a
 space about half a mile square. This was
 paved with the same yellow bricks of which
 the road was composed. Except for aisles
 or streets which ran between, the entire
 space was covered by machines. I could
 see the whole clearly from my elevation on

*	top of the load. The machines were of al-
 most infinite size and variety, similar ones
 being apparently grouped together in bat-
 teries. They were almost all in operation;
 their clanking filled the ears. Yet not a
 single living creature was to be seen!

    I then noticed, in the aisles between the
 stationary mechanisms, several types of mo-
 bile machines. The largest and most con-
 spicuous was a sort of animated tripod about
 ten feet in height. The three legs supported
 a cupola from which extended four long,
 jointed arms, terminating, respectively, in
 a hook, a suction disk, a four-fingered hand
 and a flat disc, which I later learned was
 an exceedingly powerful electro-magnet.
 These devices trotted busily back and forth,
 apparently acting as tenders to the other
 machines.

   I saw all this while my conveyance was

moving rapidly down an aisle that ran par-
allel to the wall. It turned a corner, ran a
few yards farther and stopped. Almost in-
stantly one of the tripods was above me, and
the next moment I had been transferred to a
basket underneath its cupola. My meagre
possessions, which I had not missed nor
thought of, followed—my rifle, canteen, my
string of roasted squashes—even a shovel-
ful of the blackened embers of my fire.

  From this vantage point I now witnessed
the disposition of the rest of the load. The
platform tilted, the cans rolled off and were
picked up by a conveyor belt which car-
ried them into the nearest machine, a large,
enclosed, box-like device. Thirty seconds
later the first of the empty cans was-sudden-
ly discharged and clattered out onto the
pavement, and at the same moment the con-
veyor emerged from the opposite end of
the machine, bearing its erstwhile occu-
pant.

  I looked with pop-eyed curiosity at a sort
of worm, or snake, about six feet in length,
transparerrt, but clearly visible in outline.
Then in an instant my eager curiosity
changed to astonished dismay. For it had
been neatly chopped into six still wriggling
pieces.

  Until this moment I had supposed that
the creatures from the lake were intelligent
beings, the proprietors of the machines.
Now the appalling truth was made plain.
The machines were the masters! I was in
a city of machines!

  The chopped pieces of the water snake
disappeared within the maw of the next
machine in the line. I watched, utterly
helpless to move a finger, waiting in an
agony of apprehension until the last can
had been unloaded. But my worst fear was
not to be realized—at least not yet. The
tripod under which I was slung loaded the
empties back onto the platform. It moved
off. Then we set out rapidly in the opposite
direction.

  That journey across the city—we went
clear to the opposite side—was, despite the
fear of imminent death that hung above me,
an enthralling experience. My trepidation,
an excusable one, I hope, could not quench
634

WONDER STORIES

my curiosity, and I eagerly drank in every
detail that met my eye.

  I tried ceaselessly to guess the function
of the machines we passed in endless var-
iety, but without much success. Some of
them were obviously manufacturing metal
parts for other machines. Some were pro-
ducing the metals themselves. Others were
quite clearly electrical devices of one sort
or another. But with most it was impossi-
ble to even guess at their purpose.

  The tripod machines, like the one that
carried me, interested me most. We must
have encountered fifty of them, and it was
plain that they directed the others. I ex-
amined my own closely, but without gaining
any information except as to externals. The
operating mechanism was hidden in the
cupola above me.

Another Amazing Experience

WE stopped finally beside a long narrow
box, perhaps eighty feet in length and
open at both ends, through which ran a
conveyor, moving very slowly. When one
of the arms reached into the basket, re-
moved the articles with me and placed them
on the belt I conjectured that this was some
sort of examining device, and when I was
treated in the same manner I felt only a
slight uneasiness.

  My guess proved to be correct. I passed
slowly through, under a brilliant illumin-
ation, without anything untoward happening
until, just before the end, half a dozen
sharp augers suddenly bored into different
parts of my body, for the purpose, I sup-
pose, of taking samples. A moment later
I emerged in the open, bleeding fyeely from
the wounds but not hurt at all seriously.

  I was then carried to a wire cage only a
few yards distant and deposited therein,
along with my rifle and canteen and the
charcoal from my fire.

  My first thought, of course, was of es-
cape. It seemed to me that the paralysis
was wearing off, and this proved to be the
case. I was able to move my hands and feet
within an hour, although a considerably
longer time elapsed before I regained com-
plete control over my muscles. The wire

offered no difficulty—I could break the
strands by using my rifle as a lever—and
the wall was only some fifty feet away.
Once over it I would be out of sight, but
the problem of crossing the open space
without being observed seemed insoluble. I
formed and discarded a dozen impossible
schemes and finally, driven to desperation
by the knowledge that at any moment the
opportunity might be ended for ever, I sim-
ply made a dash for it, choosing a moment
when none of the tripod machines were near.

  To this day I cannot imagine why I was
not stopped. The machines must have seen
me, if they had sight, as I am sure they had.
Perhaps their analysis had showed that, un-
like the water snake, I was of no use to
them. At any rate, no effort was made to
halt me. The wall was only about eight
feet high and with my rifle slung on my
back I scrambled to the top without difficul-
ty. To my horror I then discovered that, due
to the fact the land sloped away in this di-
rection, the ground outside the wall on this
side was fifty feet below die top.

  My despair can be imagined. I expect-
ed every instant to be apprehended and re-
captured. After a moment of frenzied search
for some other way out, a fit of sudden
desperation descended upon me and I re-
solved to jump, risking almost certain in-
jury or death rather than return. I hast*
ily unslung my rifle and tossed it free. To
my astonishment it never reached the
ground. It fell sheer down for forty feet
and then disappeared in thin air.

  At such a moment the mind works rapid-
ly, if it works at all. Ever since falling from
the cliff I had been searching off and on for
some explanation of my miraculous escape
from death, and instantaneous transporta-
tion to a totally different environment. Now,
in a flash, it suddenly came to me.

  Apparently, in this outlandish world in
which I had found myself matter possessed
the ability to change its location in three
dimensional space by passing through a
fourth dimension the existence of which was
invisible to the senses. I had on two oc-
casions, now, seen this property demon-
strated by falling bodies, and I conjectured
that the active agent in producing the phe-
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

635

nomenon was the velocity imparted to the
falling object by gravity.

  The idea passed through my brain in a
fraction of the time it takes to tell it. I
threw the canteen after the rifle. It like-
wise disappeared before striking the ground.
Without a moment’s hesitation I then leaped
after them.

  The sensation of falling lasted but an in-
stant. The next, I was sprawling on a
rocky surface, and when I raised my eyes
they fell upon a scene that was familiar.
Behind me was the desert. Before me, and
only a few feet away, the stupendous preci-
pice fell away to the crimson sea. The rifle
and canteen lay on the rock beside me.

WtlEN I looked about me I noticed that
while my surroundings were in a gen-
eral way familiar, their details were not.
For example, the rocky island off the coast
was nowhere to be seen. It was thus clear
that I had not neturned to the exact spot
of my fall from the cliff, this being evi-
dently due to the fact that the city of
machines was several miles removed from
the meadow in which I found myself after
that first tumble. But I hoped that by fol-
lowing the coast I might return to the cabin.
Unfortunately, I had no idea which way to
go, and in the end I was forced to make an
arbitrary choice and trust to luck that it
was the correct one.

  The heat was terrific, and I was by no
means sure that my strength was equal to
a march of many miles. But that chance
had to be taken. My canteen was full of
water; I was only slightly hungry; and if
the distance did not exceed thirty or forty
miles I felt that I had at least a chance of
success.

  Just before I started an idea occurred to
me. Unslinging my rifle I pointed it to-
ward the ground and pulled the trigger. As
I had expected, the rock showed no mark
of the bullet. The projectile had been
translated into the fourth dimension before
it reached the muzzle of the gun. After fir-
ing several rounds with the same result I
tossed the weapon aside. It was useless,
and there was no sense in encumbering my-
self with its weight. Then I set out.

  The journey that followed will always
remain in my memory as the most gruelling
experience of my life. I suffered horribly
from the heat. The sun was pitiless, beating
down upon me, hour after hour, with a
blasting malevolence that seemed almost per-
sonal. My water gave out, and before the
finish I had experienced all but the final
agonies of death of thirst.

  But these details do not matter. It is
enough to record that I had been fortunate
enough to choose the proper direction. I
have no idea how far, or for how long a
time, I plodded mechanically on. It seemed
a veritable eternity. But in the end, after
many hours and many miles, I saw far ahead
the towering shaft of the island soaring up
out of the sea. Ages later I came abreast
of it, passed it. When I had put it a mile
behind me I turned away from the sea. I
was so near to the point of utter exhaustion
that when I finally stumbled over the rim
of the bowl in the desert, only to find no
sign of the cabin, I collapsed from sheer
disappointment. I tried twice to regain my
feet, but without success. Then I must have
fainted.

#	# * #

  When I woke I was lying in the shade of
one of the giant palms, and Loren was seat-
ed beside me. I shall not try to describe
the overwhelming relief and happiness that
swept over me, and I am sure that he was
equally glad to see me. I had slept like a
log for nearly twenty hours and felt better
than I would have believed possible. We
fell at once to an eager questioning of each
other that served only to bewilder us both,
and finally we burst into simultaneous
laughter at our mutual puzzlement. Then,
more sensibly, each gave a coherent account
of what had befallen him.

  Loren’s experience had been less eventful
than my own, although the manner in which
both began was identical. The night I was
in Chicago he had been awakened at mid
night to find it broad daylight, and himself
and the cabin set down in the midst of the
desert. His first act, naturally, was to ex-
plore the surrounding territory. And on his
return six or seven hours later he found.
63 6

WONDER STORIES

to his astonishment and dismay, that the
house had vanished.

  During the next two days he suffered
much from hunger and thirst, until he tried
the expedient of tapping one of the giant
palms. A copious flow of yellow fluid re-
warded him, which served excellently for
both food and drink. He had lived on it
ever since.

  He remained in the neighborhood, and
on the fifth day—by his watch, of course—
he saw my signal smoke from a point two
or thrae miles distant Hastening back he
found the cabin and my signal fire. This,
together with my clothes scattered about in-
side, and the disappearance of the Aguchi
rifle, told him of my presence.

  He fired a number of shots and added a
second smoke to the one I had left. Since
at that time I had already tumbled off the
cliff his efforts to attract my attention were
naturally a failure. Then, two or three
hours after his return, while he was outside
tending the fire, the cabin had vanished be-
fore his very eyes.

  This utterly crazy series of events had
left him with some doubt as to his sanity.
He had spent most of the time since fran-
tically searching the neighborhood for me.

CHAPTER IV.

The Monster of Dimensions

AS we compared our stories I think the
idea occurred to us both at the same
moment. Apparently the cabin had been
hopping back and forth between its right-
ful location in the Wisconsin woods and the
outlandish spot in which we now were. If
it again returned we had only to stay in-
side it to be rescued from the nightmare in
which we had found ourselves. The whole
thiug was so fantastically impossible as to
forestall even an attempt at explanation,
but the detail that puzzled us most was the
discrepancy in time. Although only twen-
ty-four hours had elapsed between Loren’s
projection into the unknown and my own
identical experience, he was five days in the
desert before I arrived. The only possible
explanation seemed to be that in the place

  where we now w6re time itself was different
  than in our own natural world; but as to
  the reason for this difference we could not
  even hazard a guess.

    After a series of hasty calculations we
  decided that, as nearly as we could deter-
  mine, an interval of five days had separated
  the first and second appearance of the
  cabin in the desert It had remained for
  about five hours in both cases, and then
  vanished. If it returned again, and came on
  schedule, it was due to appear in about fif-
  teen hours.

    We settled ourselves to wait. And for-
 tunately for our patience, our calculations
 proved to have been in error. It was less
 than ten hours later that I was roused out of
 a doze by Loren, who was on watch. He
 let out a wild yellj “There she is!”

    And sure enough, there she was.

    We raced each other to the door. Inside,
  everything was quite as we had left it Hor-
  atius scrambled up to greet us as we burst
  in. He was obviously overjoyed to see us
  and semed much less frightened than on the
  previous occasion. Evidently he was get-
  ting accustomed to it. He was a very hun-
  gry and thirsty dog and our first act was
  to care for his wants. Then we raided the
  cupboard and had our first taste of civil-
  ized food in many days.

    After that there was nothing to do but

•	wait. We played cards to pass the time
 until the tension became too great. Then
 we merely sat and figeted.

    Once the four hour-mark had been passed
  the suspense became almost unbearable.
  The clock on the mantel ticked off the min-
  utes slowly. Oh, so slowly. Four hours
  and a quarter. Four hours and a half.
  Four and three quarters. At that we could
  stand it no longer. We got up and began
  to pace the floor like caged animals. A
  moment later, as he passed one of the win-
  dows, Loren stopped suddenly. Then he
  cried excitedly, “My God, Paul, what’s
  that?”

    I leaped to his side, and my eye followed
  his pointing finger. For a moment I could
  perceive nothing. Then I saw what he was
  pointing at and a chill ran down my spine.

    Neither Loren nor myself had at any time
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

637

seen a living creature, with the exception of
a few birds and my transparent water
snakes. I am convinced that this was not
because no animals existed, but because all,
or nearly all, forms of animal life were in-
visible. The thing that had attracted Lor-
en’s attention was the astonishing appear-
ance in the sand outside the house of a
double row of shallow depressions about
the size of dirner plates.

  As we watched new ones were added to
each row. The phenomenon was baffling to
Loren, but my memory of invisible aquatic
creatures caused me to guess instantly that
the depressions in the sand were the foot-
prints of an invisible animal. The beast
was six-legged, and from its spoor of enor-
mous size.

  I grabbed Loren’s arm and jerked him
aside. But too late. The beast must have
seen him. There was a blood-curdling snarl
from without, and the next instant the win-
dow glass crashed as the creature hurled
himself at the opening.

FORGETTING that it was useless, Loren
leaped across the room for his rifle. I
dashed toward the kitchen in the wild hope
of laying hands on a knife. It was just as
I crossed the threshold that the event which
we had been awaiting came. Darkness
snuffed out the sun. For a second or two
I blundered frantically about the pitch dark
kitchen, upset as much by the sudden dark-
ness as by the danger from the animal.

  Loren’s nerve was better. I heard the
shrill scream of his hydroxygen rifle as he
emptied its magazine. Then in a flash I
understood what had happened. I leaped
into the living room, yanked Loren through
the kitchen doorway and slammed the door
behind us.

  Through the window we could see the
moon shining behind the trees. The famil-
iar hillside sloped away, and at the bottom
in the meadow the plane gleamed in the
moonlight, precisely where I had left it.
There was no need for speech. Without a
word Loren flung open the outer door. We
dashed down the path as though the devil
himself were at our heels. Loren scrambled
into the cockpit and started the engines,

while I threw off the anchor lashings. A
moment later we roared into the air, to the
accompaniment of a pair of gigantic sighs
of relief. At last, at last we were safe.

  We spent the night in a hotel in a city
two hundred miles away. But next morning,
made bold by daylight, we armed ourselves
and returned. We approached the cabin
with all due circumspection, but our cau-
tion was unnecessary. The beast that had at-
tacked us was sprawled on the living room
floor, stone dead. Loren’3 rifle had become
effective the instant the cabin returned to
its original site, and three of his shots had
done their work. Horatius, whom we had
basely abandoned in our flight, had mount-
ed guard over the trophy. He seemed quite
proud of himself, giving us clearly to un-
derstand that he had done it himself, despite
our cowardly desertion.

  Dead, the animal was no longer invisible.
It was about the size of a horse, slate grey
in color, and hairless. Its six feet were
padded like those of a lion, but the head
was decidedly porcine. In fact, the creature
more nearly resembled a gigantic six-legged
hog than anything else.

  Neither of us cared to venture inside the
house, so we contented ourselves with stand-
ing outside and looking in through the bro-
ken window. As we stood there Loren said,
“Say, you know it’s rather a lucky thing
this fellow came busting in on us, at that.
He’s the only proof we have of our story.
Without him we’d never in the world get
anyone to believe a word of it. The thing
for us to do is to get some witnesses up here
right away.

  “Wait a minute,” I said. “How about the
cabin itself. I should imagine that the
most skeptical would be convinced if they
saw it vanish into thin air. At least I sup-
pose it vanishes. It certainly can’t be in
both places at the same time.”

  “You’re right, of course,” he admitted.
“I’d forgotten all about the cabin. But to
tell you the truth, when I look at it in broad
daylight I have a hard time convincing my-
self that it all really happened. Maybe it
didn’t. Maybe we’ve just been seeing
things.”

  I pointed to the dead animal. “That’s
638

WONDER STORIES

real enough, I guess. My idea,” I added,
“would be to hang around here until mid-
night tonight and see what actually takes
place. Then tomorrow we’ll call in the re-
porters.”

  We called the dog, went down to the plane
and flew to the county seat. We had din-
ner there that night, and came back just
before sunset. We did not go near the
house, remaining in the meadow beside the
plane. When the moon came up the cabin
was clearly visible from where we were, and
neither of us had any inclination to be in-
cluded in the performance if the cabin re-
peated its previous tricks. The night was
chill, and we built a fire for comfort. Dur-
ing the hours of waiting it occurred to me
that we might just as well have built it on
the far side of the meadow, a few hundred
yards farther away.

A Sudden Discovery

BUT my nervousness was uncalled for,
since we were at no time endangered.
At precisely two minutes past twelve, as
we had expected, the cabin vanished. That
was all there was to it. No noise, n® dis-
turbance, nothing. Simply that one mo-
ment it was there and the next it was gone.

  Loren suggested that we ought to go
closer and see what was left, but I argued
against the proposition so brilliantly that
he was convinced. I was plenty close
enough, right there.

  At fifteen minutes after twelve a bright
fire lighted up the horizon toward the
northeast. It burned brightly for half an
hour and then died out. And that ended
the program for the night. Nothing more
happened. At daybreak the cabin had not
returned. At nightfall it was still missing.
We came back the next day, and the next.
We camped for a week in the meadow, where
we could watch the spot day and night. But
of the cabin there was no sign. It did not
come back ... It never has come back.

  We did not call in the reporters. We
did not call in anyone.

  “Listen,” Loren said, “this is our little
secret, understand? Strictly between you
and me. I’ve been accused of a lot of

things, but I draw the line at being pointed
out as a hop-head. If I can help it they’re
not going to have my picture in the papers
with the caption: Winner Of Champion
Liar Contest.”

  He really meant it. He was so serious
about it that in the end I promised. There
were times later when I regretted giving my
word, for in after years I knew men with
whom I would have liked to discuss the
matter. But I kept my promise. I never
told a soul.

*	* # *

  That was nearly thirty years ago. Loren
has been gone, now, for more than a de-
cade, but the habit of secrecy kept me silent
even after his death. Together, we must
have thrashed out the affair a thousand
times, but we never arrived at an explana-
tion that was in any degree plausible. To
the day of Loren’s death, and long after-
ward, the mystery remained wholly insol-
uble.

  It was about a month ago that I at last
stumbled on a clue. I had dined with my
friend George Du Cles, the physicist, and
during the conversation afterward we got
to talking about the new Augsberg Theory,
of which most of my readers have probably
heard since it achieved widespread public-
ity in the press. One of the less important
details of the theory relates to the Fitzger-
ald contraction.

  But perhaps I might explain briefly.

  About 1910 Fitzgerald discovered that
a moving body is shortened along the line
of motion, and the phenomenon has since
borne his name. At low velocities the Fitz-
gerald contraction is very small. At a speed
of nineteen miles a second, the velocity of
the earth around the sun, it amounts to only

1	part in 200,000,000, or 21/2 inches in the
diameter of the earth. But at higher veloc-
ities the contraction is much greatef, in-
creasing quite quickly.

  A bar measuring six feet in length when
at rest would be shortened to three feet at
a speed of 160,000 miles a second if its
length coincided with the direction in which
it was travelling. If turned at right angles
to this direction its length would again be-
come six feet while its .thickness would be
BETWEEN DIMENSIONS

639

halved, the contraction taking place only
along the line of motion. At 186,000 miles
a second, the velocity of light, the Fitz-
gerald contraction becomes infinite; that is,
the length of a body moving at this speed
would be reduced to zero.

  It has always been held to be utterly
impossible that a material body could ever
be given any such velocity, but now Augs-
berg has demonstrated that that when an
object vibrates at very high frequencies its
motion backward and forward along the
same line produces the Fitzgerald contrac-
tion just as though it were moving in one
direction only. He has proved that it is
at least theoretically possible to produce
in this manner an infinite Fitzgerald con-
traction, the frequency required being in the
neighborhood of 12,000,000,000,000 billion
vibrations per second.

<4.‘V7‘OU know,” Du Cles remarked, “it
X has j ust occurred to me recently that
so far as this phase of the theory is con-
cerned Leon Scanlon anticipated Augsberg
by 30 years. Do you remember him? We
were together at the University. He was as-
sistant to the head of the department and
had already Begun to make a name for him-
self. This was a good many years ago.
Around 1940.

  “No? Well, I never saw Scanlon’s math-
ematical proofs, but I can remember the
talk about Scanlon’s ideas in the depart-
ment. They were identical with Augsberg’s.
He never published. He had worked out a
method for testing his theory and he wanted
practical proof before making it public. He
had, I recall, a lot of trouble getting finan-
cial backing for his experiments, the big
difficulty being that he required an enor-
mous amount of electrical power—four or
five million horsepower, if I remember cor-
rectly.

  “Finally he got Sharps, the utility mag-
nate interested. Sharps controlled most of
the power companies in the Middle West.
He put up the money and arranged mat-
ters so that Scanlon could get the current
he required. Scanlon went up north some-
where—Minnesota or Wisconsin, I believe
—and built himself a laboratory. About a

year later it burned, and he was killed in
the fire. I paid little attention to it at the
time, but it seems fairly certain now that
Scanlon was on the trail of something
worthwhile. It is a pity he couldn’t have
lived and had the credit for the discovery.”

  It was a couple of days after this conver-
sation that a great white light suddenly burst
upon me. Investigation disclosed that the
fire that destroyed Scanlon’s laboratory had
occurred on the same night that sawr--the
final disappearance of Loren’s cabin. A
few days later I took time to make a trip
north. I found, as I had expected, that
the ruins of the laboratory were only half
a dozen miles from the site of Loren’s camp.
His choice of this isolated location had evi-
dently been due to the fact that it was the
intersection of three cross-state trunk power
lines. It was undoubtedly this fire that
Loren and I had seen that night.

  These facts at last enabled me to form
an explanation of the puzzle that had gone
unsolved for 30 years. I think I know now
pretty much what happened.

  As I may have mentioned previously,
Loren’s cabin stood on top of a hill, the
highest in several miles. Scanlon’s appar-
atus must have produced a beam of some
sort which, either by accident or design,
was so pointed that it just grazed the top of
the hill before passing out into space. The
beam had the property of causing objects
that it encountered to vibrate at such an
enormous frequency as to produce in these
objects an infinite Fitzgerald contraction.
The cabin and its contents were, of course,
thus affected.

  Now an object to which this happened
would not be destroyed; it would still re-
main a real, material body. But—it would
no longer have three dimensions, but only
two.

  Now it is obviously impossible for a two-
dimensional object to exist in a three-di-
mensional world, and I believe that the
cabin was instantly translated into a part
of the universe where it is possible for a
two-dimensional body to exist. As to just
how the act of transportation was accomp-
lished I have no idea, but it must have in-
(Continued on Page 657)
Beyond the Star Curtain

                By Garth Bentley

                                                                           (Illustration by Marchioni)

        The creature was huge. The two great forearms were hugged
   close to the breast, folded up in a perfect attitude of prayer.
Through the vel-
vet darkness of
interstellar space sped
the ovoid vessel, its gi-
gantic bulk hurtling, with almost incon-
ceivable speed, toward the cloud-wrapped
earth. The space ship—for such it was—
seemed a veritable
comet as it entered the
boundaries of the solar
system, gliding through
the emptiness on the
wings of its own ac-
cumulated momentum.

Yet, large though it
was, its bulk was
dwarfed by the majes-
ty of the huge planets
of the outer ring, which
illumined the black-
ness.

  As it neared its des-
tination, a series of
quick, soundless ex-
plosions came from the
tubes in the bow of the
ship. Great streams of
flame shot out into
space, checking the
momentum of the craft
by the recoil of the ex-
plosions. It entered
the upper air of the
earth at a wide angle,'
the tubes spitting an
unceasing cannonade.

The outer hull—a thick
alloy o(f beryllium steel
and chromium—began
to glow dully as it
heated from the fric-
tion of the air.

  Eventually the craft
slowed its headlong
pace and settled into a
regular orbit about the
planet. Many times it circled the giant ball
in an ever-decreasing orbit as the speed grad-
ually lessened. The glow faded from the
outer shell, and at last it plunged through
the thick, concealing bank of clouds into
the lower regions of the atmosphere, sink-

                      ing at last to rest on
                      the earth’s surface.

                         Inside the gre# egg-
                      shaped ship, two men
                      leisurely unstrapped themselves from the
                      stout hammocks where they had lain since
                      the deceleration of the ship’s speed had be-
                      gun. They seemed
                      young men — in the
                      late twenties or early
                      thirties—judging from
                      their smooth, clear cut
                      features and strong
                      athletic figures. Under
                      the brief silken gar-
                      ments which both wore
                      bulged muscles that
                      told of unusual
                      strength. Something
                      about the set of their
                      mouths, the square out-
                      lines of their chins and
                      the levelness of their
                      glances proclaimed
                      both to be men of res-
                      olute and daring char-
                      acter, even as their
                      well-shaped heads told
                      of unusual intelligence.

                         Derek Porter, blond,
                      English, and the elder
                      of the two, turned to
                      his companion with a
                      pleasant grin.

                      “Well, Old Son, we
                    are back on old Mother
                    Earth again. How does
                    it feel to you?”

                       “Fair enough,’ ’the
 other admitted. Verne
 Williams topped his
 partner’s six feet by
 an inch or so. He was
 unmistakably Ameri-
 can with his grey eyes
 and reddish brown
 hair. “Wonder how long we’ve been gone?”
 he speculated, busying himself over the
 knobs and dials of the controls.

   “Hard telling. Maybe ten years, maybe
 ten thousand. - Who knows? But as soon
 as it gets light”—they had alighted on the

Beyond the Star Curtain

By the author of
“Rebellion 5000 A.D”

 ^ l\jf ANY of the diminu-S^
  I tive forms of insect |
  life that we look upon with
  indulgent interest, are in
  reality extremely, power-
  ful and dangerous. They
  possess qualities for de-
  struction, and powers that
  would far exceed the abili-
  ty of man to cope with
  them, were they grown to
  a size comparable to man.
  The fly, the mosquito, the
  supremely efficient ant and
  bee are much more fitted
  for survival than man, and
  only their small size pre-
  vents them from becoming
  a deadly menace.

     Probably a change in cli-
   mate and in some of the
   evolutionary forces might
   serve to accelerate the
   growth of the insect king-
   dom, ana they would at-
   tempt to achieve dominance
   over the earth. In this
   struggle, the insects would
   have the tremendous power
   of their instincts, their
   fighting ability and fear-
   lessness against which man
   would have but his supple
   intelligence and cunning.

    Which might win, we
  have no means of telling,
  but in this gripping tale,
  Mr. Bentley pictures the
  situation vividly and fair- \
  \ly.	"	P

641
642

WONDER STORIES

shadowed half of the earth—“we can get
out of this chariot and have a look around.”

  “One thing sure,” Verne offered, “people
won’t believe half what we tell them about
our trip. Not that I blame them, either,”
he added.

  Nor would it be remarkable if the story
of their adventures fell on skeptical ears,
for they were returning from the strangest
adventure man had ever undertaken. And
this, in an age when man—^newly conscious
of his freedom from the grip of his native
planet—had wandered about the solar sys-
tem at will. But these two, in a ship far
exceeding anything previously known in
power and cruising radius and undreamed
speed, had gone far beyond the boundaries
of the solar system—be-
yond even the universe
itself.

  Toward the Southern
Cross they had flown,
seeking the answer to the
riddle of the “Coal Sack”

—that great dark pitch in
the heavens where no
stars shine and the black-
ness of empty space seems
almost tangible. They
had found it—a wide cur-
tain of blackness, filling
the heavens at that point
for a space large enough
to hide a dozen solar sys-
tems of greater size than
their own. Through the
curtain they had hurled
their ship, through thick blackness in which
the latent electricity and the cosmic rays of
two impinging, tangent universes, intersect-
ing at that point, struggled for supremacy,
hurling back from their whirlpool of force
even the light rays that sought to penetrate
this cosmic veil.

  The two earthlings in their man-made ship
had won through at last. The ovoid, with
the cumulative momentuum of its long jour-
ney, plunged into the infinity of darkness,
although the struggle in the black whirlpool
threatened to disrupt the very atoms of it
and the earthly intruders it bore. Their
chronometers, their radio, the lights and even

the greater portion of the controlling mech-
anism of the ship had been destroyed or
warped and twisted out of all usefulness. It
was only after great effort that they were
able to continue, having repaired the latter
after a fashion with the materials which
were available.

NCE beyond the “Coal Sack,” they had
found themselves in a new universe, a
firmament of colorful, mighty suns, blazing
with all the known hues and others that they
could not name. Around many of the suns,
swung great planets, circling at a leisurely,
unhurried pace. As they glided through the
placid heavens of the strange universe, they
felt a pleasant lassitude creep over them.

Their craft no longer hur-
tled through the sky at
its former mad rate as it
had before they had
plunged into the mael-
strom of darkness. Nor
did there seem the need
for speed.

  They had landed on
one of the strange plan-
ets, called by its own in-
habitants Karaku, which
encircled a great blue
sun. Here they had found
a pleasant and hospitable
people, far different in
physical and mental
structure from the earth-
lings, but who had made
them welcome.

  On Karaku, with its habitable portion al-
ways toward the sun, there had been no
time. The sun was always overhead and the
period of the planet’s rotation was so long
that, though the Karakuans lived to fabulous
ages, showing no changes as the “lime”
passed, there were none alive who knew
when their world had last completed a trip
around its orbit. So, having no means of
measuring time, they did not measure it
at all, but lived their placid uneventful
lives completely oblivious of such a prop-
erty. Nor did any but the earthling mourn
the lack of measurements. Things moved
so very slowly in this new universe that even

GARTH BENTLEY
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

643

the two strangers did not worry long about
a thing that had no existence.

  But the people of Karaku, although pleas-
ant and intelligent, were not human beings,
and the thoughts of the two men turned at
last to the planet of their birth. In the
timeless world they had no way of know-
ing whether they had been gone years or
centuries. There had been no physical
change in their bodies and they had drifted
into the easy effortless life of Karaku. Al-
though even their thoughts seemed to move
slowly, at last they began to feel the de-
sire to see creatures of their own kind. Even-
tually they took their leave of the hospita-
ble planet, hurtled somehow through the
dark veil and, after again repairing the dam-
age to their controls, brought their craft
at last to earth.

  Derek, who had risen from the bunk
where he had been indulging in a short nap,
moved to the side of the ship and pressed
his face to one of the fused quartz ports.
For some time he stood looking out upon
the scene, while Verne drowsed in his ham-
mock, then at last he turned to his com-
panion.

  “It doesn’t look like any place that I ever
saw before,” he remarked. “The sky is
still hidden by the clouds but it’s getting
light enough to see things a bit. Suppose
we start moving.”

  Verne rose from his perch and joined him.
Outside the ship stretched a meadow of
rank swamp grasses, reaching in places
halfway up the side of the craft. Hemming
them in on all sides stretched the dark green
fronds of jungle growth. The tall trees,
their tops like umbrellas, high in the air,
were strange and unfamiliar. Some of them
showed freshly broken tops where the space
ship had plowed its way in landing and al-
ready the broken edges of their trunks were
beginning to blacken. Verne considered the
landscape for some moments without speak-
ing. Then he whistled shrilly.	v

  “Say, Derek, you don’t think we could
have missed our aim and landed some place
else, do you? This looks a lot like Venus
to me.”

  “It does that. But this is the earth, all
right. Don’t you remember the moon—just

before we dived through the clouds? There’s
no mistaking Sister Luna among all the
other moons of the universe.”

  “But there’s no vegetation like this on
earth,” Verne protested, waving in the gen*
eral direction of the port through which
he had looked upon the strange pulpy trees,
the tangled creepers and the fleshy fungus.
“Not even in the jungles of the Amazon can
you find stuff like that growing. And by
rights we should be well up in the north
temperate zone—somewhere on the North
American continent.”

  Derek scratched his head.

  “I’m afraid what you should have said,”
he replied slowly,” is that there was nothing
like this growing on the earth while we liv-
ed here.”

  “What do you mean?” Verne asked anx-
iously. Something in the big Englishman’s
voice conveyed more than mere words could
have done.

  “How do you know how long we were
gone? We spent our time on a strange
planet in an entirely different universe,
probably in a different time dimension or
in one where time wasn’t a dimension at
all. We know it took us years to reach the
black curtain and the lord knows how long
to return from it; and how long we spent on
Karaku? As far as we were concerned
time stood still while we were there. Neither
one of us seemed to get a day older after
we broke through the dark spot. If you ask
me, I think a good many thousand years
have passed since we last saw earth. Per-
haps millions.”

  “Impossible!”

  “Maybe. But there’s the fact that every-
thing is relative—even time. My own opin-
ion is that we passed through another di-
mension where time just didn’t exist.”

  “But what makes you think we were away
so long? The scenery?”

  “Partly,” Derek replied. “But most of
all the stars. Remember the Big Dipper
while we were snorting around the planet
before landing? How it seemed to have
been pressed all out of shape? Back in
school they used to tell you that the stars
in it are actually moving in different direc-
tions but that it would take a long long time
644

WONDER STORIES

before the changes could be noticed. The
fact that they have visably changed posi-
tion proves to me that a great many cen-
turies have passed.”

  “Then,” Verne remarked, only half real-
izing the import of his friend’s statement,
“that means everybody we ever knew or
heard of has been dead for a long while.”
“More than that,” Derek replied grimly.
“I’m only hoping we will still find human
beings on the earth at all.”

CHAPTER II.
The Thing in the Tree

<6T\T0 other people left on earth? Surely

  ll	the human race cannot have disap-
peared entirely, granting even that a long
time has passed.” Verne was emphatic
in his denial.

  “Oh, I don’t believe that the race would
have died out of itself. But you can see for
yourself the climatic changes that have
taken place. The earth has evidently got-
ten much warmer, to judge from the tropi-
cal foliage; and if the change was sudden,
whether it came from conditions in the cen-
ter of the earth or because—which is more
likely—the earth has been drawn closer to
the sun, humanity might have been wiped
out before man’s intelligence showed him
a way to conquer his new environment. Or,
if the change came gradually over a period
of many thousands of years, humanity may
have evolved in various ways to meet the
new conditions. People may be nothing like
the men and women we knew. Human
beings may no longer exist.”

  “I still can’t believe that we’ve been gone
so long although all of the evidence points
to your being right,” Verne sighed. “Now
that we’re back it seems to me that it was
only yesterday that we left.”

  “It does seem like it,” Derek admitted.
“While we w’ere on Karaku we were under
a different set of influences and time didn’t
count. But now we’re on our own world
and each day we get one day older for
Father Time is back in the saddle and we’ll
have to get used to his hard riding. The
fact that we sit here so contentedly philo-

sophizing with a whole new planet to ex-
plore, proves that we haven’t entirely shaken
off the Karakuan influence. Let’s get go-
ing.”

  He rose and strode over to the mechanism
which controlled the doors.

  “I’h going outside and see what it’s like.

Coming?”

  “Sure. But wait a minute. I’ve been in
jungles before and we’ll need something
besides our bare hands, particularly if we
go far.”

  From a locker, Verne drew two of the
strange metal swords that they had brought
with them from Karaku, where the inhab-
itants—although essentially peaceful—con-
sidered a sword a necessary part of the cos-
tume. They were wicked looking weapons
and could prove very useful where the vege-
tation was heavy. The long thin blades
were broad at the top, tapering down toward
the jeweled metal handles, and giving the
appearance of long, thin inverted triangles.
They were made of a metal unknown to
earth, light as aluminum but able to shear
through an inch plate of steel when wielded
by strong men.

  “They’ll make pretty good m|chetes,”
Derek admitted. “Besides there’s no telling
what we may meet in a jungle like this.
There may be snakes in those bushes.”

  Together they swung out through the
outer door of the hull and jumped lightly
to the thick spongy grass below. The hu-
mid, steamy atmosphere was like the inter-
ior of a turkish bath. Even in their light
garments, their bodies were drenched with
perspiration before they had taken a dozen
steps through the safe muggy turf. Verne
bent low, examining the sod.

  “Derek,” he exclaimed. “Do you know
that this is we’re walking on? It’s moss—
moss a foot and a half thick!”

  They came to the edge of the little clear-
ing and plunged into the forest hacking
their way with the razor-edged swords. It
was a jungle unlike any with which they
were familiar. In many ways it resembled
the swamps of colorless growths that cov-
ered the twilight zones of Venus, yet the
flora were more nearly akin to that of the
old earth. The thick undergrowth of shrub-
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

645

bery was a weird mixture of plants grown
unbelievably large. The occasional trees
they came across were lighting a losing bat-
tje against unclean parasitic growths that
covered almost every inch of the stems and
branches, drawing their sustenance from the
lifeblood of the trees. Great toadstools and
mushrooms reared their umbrella tops on
thick, fleshy stems to the height of trees.
Giant lianas drooped and festooned them-
selves from the branches of weedy plants,
incredibly tall. Slimy and evil smelling
mold and dank moss covered the ground,
and everywhere was the overpowering fetid
smell of decaying vegetation.

  It was only by the greatest effort that
they attained their objective—a giant acacia
tree upon a little knoll, that somehow seem-
ed to have defied the choking grip of the
parasites. Verne swung himself up into the
branches and climbed steadily to the top.
As far as the eye could see, the jungle
stretched unbroken. Through the powerful
K-glasses, he could see a purple haze, far
to the north that seemed to promise the pre-
sence of mountains.

  He began to descend, swinging himself
rapidly down through the branches. Half-
way down, his foot slipped from its hold
on one of the stems. To save himself, he
grasped the first thing at hand—a dead
limb about the size of his arm. As it came
away he felt barbed legs fasten themselves
to his arms and his body as the limb—
now very much alive—clung tenaciously to
his clothing. Slipping, dropping from
branch to branch, his clutching fingers try-
ing vainly to grip the tree, he plunged with
his antagonist to the ground below. The
jointed horror, struggling but, like Verne,
half-dazed, waved long antennae aimlessly
in the air.

DEREK, at whose feet Verne had fallen,
leaped forward, his weapon poised
carefully. The thing raised itself from the
struggling man, a creature out of a drug-
ridden nightmare. Derek’s blade cut
through the air with a vicious slash, and the
horror, its body neatly severed, fell to one
side, the long legs—unbelievably thin—
kicking feebly.

  Verne rose from the ground slowly.
“What was it, Derek?” he asked, shaking
his head as if to clear his dazed brain by
the gesture. “I slipped and grabbed hold
of the nearest branch and then the next
thing I knew the branch had pulled away
and was fastened on to me with all kinds
of arms and legs.”

  Derek was examining the dead monster
with interest.

  “Remember when you were a boy you
used to see funny twig-like bugs on bushes
and old trees ? Walking sticks we called
them. They were jointed just like a bam-
boo cane and when they were on a dead
limb, you could hardly see them unless
they took a notion to move. They were
about the most perfect examples of natural
camouflage among all living creatures.”*
“Sure. I rerhember them. But the ones
I used to see were only about three or four
inches long while this one is almost five
feet long and is as big around as my upper
arm.”

  “This is probably the grand-daddy of them
all, but there’s no mistaking the breed. They
are all harmless leaf-eaters.” He paused
and looked about him anxiously. “Do you
know, Verne, I’m getting just a bit wor-
ried?”

  “Why? This fellow’s dead enough. And,
as you said, his kind are harmless.”

  “I’m not worrying about him. He’s done,
and walking sticks aren’t numerous even in
a bug’s paradise such as the world seems
to have turned into. But if he could grow
to such a size—what about the rest of the
insect tribe?”

  “Maybe he was just a freak—or some new
species.”

  “Maybe. But while you were up there
in the tree, I saw some queer looking birds
flying around here—birds with six legs. One
of them came close and instead of a bird it
turned out to be an ordinary ichneumon
fly—the size of a cock pheasant. And—
look up there—” He broke off to point
above the trees.

  At first Verne thought it was a monoplane

♦The ordinary U. S. variety is called Diapheromera
Feviorata. These insects belong to the pliasmidae of the
order of orthoptera.
646

WONDER STORIES

soaring high in the air. There was the long
slender body of the fuselage, the wide ex-
tended wings. Then it swung lower and he
saw it for what it was—a great dragon fly,
skimming the higher levels of the forest
on its way back to some stagnant pool in
the depths of the junble.

  By common consent the two turned back-
ward toward the plane. They said little
about the creatures they had seen. It was
all too incredible—this new climate of the
earth’s and its effect on the insect kingdom.
It would require time for their minds to be-
come adjusted to the new conditions. As
they walked along over the way they had
come—where the rapidly growing fungus
was already replacing the growths they had
cut from their path—Verne mentioned the
mountains he had seen through the glass.

  “At least they looked like mountains,” he
said. “But from what I’ve seen so far I
wouldn’t bet on it. They’re several hundred
miles away at least. If we want to get to
them we’d better take the ship. We couldn’t
make more than five or six miles a day on
foot.”

  “There weren’t any signs of human habi-
tations, were there? Towns, houses or even
smoke?”

  “No. Not a sign. But this atmosphere
is so thick and steamy that the range of
vision is pretty limited even with the glasses.
Over to the right of us I saw a place where
a fog of mist was rising, but I’m pretty sure
it was only a swamp.”

  “Lord! what a fine homecoming,” Derek
grinned. “Remember how we wondered
what kind of an official reception we’d get
from the people in the old home town? And
now look where we’ve landed! We don’t
know where. We don’t even know when. My
vote is to go back to Karaku. The people
there weren’t exactly humans but they were
better than bugs in a stinking swamp. Or
we could get in the old tub and go cruising
around until we find a planet peopled with
humans.”

The Green Monster

6£TT7E may have to,” Verne agreed. “But
▼ V then we haven’t enough power to

take us to Karaku or to go cruising around.
There’s just about enough to get us out of
the planet’s range of attraction, with enough
in the forward tubes to allow us to land
somewhere safely. Venus would be our only
hope and it’s probably worse than this. It
was bad enough in the old days with its
slimy worms and dripping forests. And the
people always gave me the shivers with
their dead fishy eyes.

  “Besides,” he continued, “I can’t believe
that there aren’t any human beings left on
earth at all. The human race is pretty
tenacious when it comes to surviving under
all sorts of adverse conditions. I’m for hit-
ting north towards those mountains. It’s a
cinch that if any people are left, they’d
make for the polar bear country. Let’s
have a lopk anyway.”

  “It’s all right with me,” Derek agreed.
“After we’ve come all this way to get back
home, I think I’d just as soon have a little
more of a look around. After all this may
be only a dirty little patch on the earth’s
surface. If we can just get the ship up
off the moss—and I think we can, even if
we haven’t got an incline—we can use
minimum charges and coast along a bit
until we spot your mountains.”

  They entered the ship together. In a
few moments, from the lower stern tubes
came explosions of flame and sharp de-
tonations of sound. The great ovoid quiv-
ered and wrenched at the clinging moss.
The air was black with weird and unknown
insects, disturbed by the waves of unac-
customed sound, swarming up from the
dank, green depths. The ship rose with a
jerk, pitching and tossing as they maneu-
vered it over the ground until the bow
pointed northward. Then there was a sud-
den roar, the stern tubes belched smoke
and flame, and the ship flashed in the air.

  At minimum speed, the rocket ship swung
northward in a series of great parabolas.
Unequipped as it was with wings—except
for the two stabilizing vanes on the sides
of the craft—and lacking propeller or rud-
der, the two men were forced to depend
entirely on the tubes to guide their vessel,
as well as to propel it and keep it aloft.
But when not at the controls, they found
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

647

time to study the country as they passed
over it.

  It was an utterly strange land to both of
them. Everywhere stretched the seemingly
endless sea of rank vegetation, broken here
and there by small bare patches or spurs
of naked rock. Above them lay the thick
blanket of clouds that shut off all sight
of the sky and made a definite ceiling for
the murky, humid atmosphere. Occasion-
ally the forest gave way to broad rivers,
sluggish and muddy, or to steamy, semi-
stagnant lakes whose surface was often dis-
turbed by uncouth, weird forms. Apparent-
ly the same power which had given added
size to the insect world had also operated to
the enlargement of those hideous simple-
celled inhabitants of the warm pools, crea-
tures which mark the boundary between
the plant and animal kingdoms.

  On some of the pools, they saw great
Water bugs, gliding over the surface like
catamarans, and near all of them they saw
the hordes of the great dragon flies. Large
black flies and other strange winged folk
rose in clouds from the fungus growths of
the forests, disturbed by the flaming thun-
der of the tubes as each fresh discharge sent
the ship on another stage of its curving
flight.

  In one spot they disturbed myriad bird
grasshoppers, huge insects grown to the
size of eagles, that blackened the air with
their numbers as they rose from the strip
of forest they had been devastating.
Through the glasses, Verne—who was at
one of the windows—could see plainly the
blunt armored heads and thoraxes, the
powerful, jointed legs and the crushing
mandibles, bathed in the dark brown se-
cretion he had once called “terbacker
juice” in the bygone days when he had
captured their tiny cousins to bait his fish
hooks.

  They reached the mountains within a
few hours and found them little more than
rock hills, covered as was everything else
by the dense vegetation. No sign of human
habitation met their eye, but while they
were looking for a place to bring the ship
to rest, Derek saw—still farther norLh—a
thin pencil of smoke. A short blast from

the rockets and the falling ship again re-
sumed its course. A few seconds later, the
firing of the forward tubes brought it to an
abrupt halt and it crashed into the under-
brush bordering one of the small bare
patches. Verne, thrown off his balance by
the force of the landing,, cl imbed to his feet
rubbing his shoulder.

  “Nice gentle way you have of landing this
crate,” he remarked in an injured tone.
“That’s twice in the same spot.”

DEREK turned away from the controls,-
grinning.

  “This old lady wasn’t built for a pleas-
ure ship to go cruising about the planet. It
was meant to head off in a straight line and
keep going. Out there”—he waved a hand
toward the clouds—“you can slow her up
for a million miles or so ahead of your
destination. Here weVe got to stop in a
hurry or we’d be half way around the
globe. Besides, the distance of that smoke
was deceiving. I thought it was a lot far-
ther away.”

  They left the ship and, swords in hand,
started across the ground. The going was
not easy through the thick moss, but they
finally reached the spot where the dying
embers of the fire were sending out a few
feeble flickers. It was an ordinary smudge
of the type used to discourage the insect
pests of the forest. But this was not the
thing that most interested them—though the
fire itself told of the presence of human be-
ings. Two small tents made of a strange
cloth interwoven with metal threads, stood
close to the fire. With quickened steps they
moved closer to inspect the tents for occu-
pants when the humming silence of the
jungle was broken by a shrill scream.

  The two men stopped transfixed. It
came again, a piercing shriek of terror.
Feminine. And not far away. They turned
and dashed in the direction from which the
sound came, hacking their way through the
tangled forest that sought to bar them. A
third time they heard it, this time close by.

  They redoubled their efforts and slashed
through the last barrier into a second small
clearing.

  Three figures in the very center of the
648

WONDER STORIES

space stood posed in an unforgettable tab-
leau. There was a girl, young and pretty
with her pale skin, and with her dark hair
falling in a loose mass over her shoulders,
shrinking back in terror. And there was a
man, a white-haired man, who stood as if
hypnotized, his hands gripping a long
wooden spear, staring at the thing that con-
fronted him.

  It was this creature that drew their atten-
tion. It was huge—almost seven feet high.
Wide delicate wings, pale green in color,
trailed like misty veils from the slender
body which stood supported on four wiry
legs. Its head, ratlike, except for the
great insect eyes—out of all proportion to
its other features—was a hideous carica-
ture surmounting a thin neck. The two
great forearms were hugged close to the
breast, folded up in a perfect attitude of
prayer. With its devout pose and the fairy,
delicate wings, it seemed an angel from a
weird green heaven come to serve the
bidding of a bizarre diety of a far distant
planet. It stood, its neck slightly bent over
the supplicating forearms and its gaze on
the petrified man before it. Derek grasped
yerne’s arm in a grip that hurt.

  “What is it, Derek?” the latter demand-
ed. “It looks like a ghost.”

  “It’s worse than a ghost. It’s an insect
devil, grown to a terrible size. A praying
mantis. Come on!” He broke off and start-
ed across the clearing on a dead run, his
sword gripped in his hand. Verne follow-
ed closely.

  But their haste was in vain. Before they
had crossed but a few yards a sudden trans-
formation came over the green creature.
From a praying angel it became an aveng-
ing devil with a suddenness that took the
breath away. The wings spread to the full-
est extent, standing up like parallel screens
of transparent gauze. The end of the flex-
ible abdomen began to curl and uncurl,
swinging backwards and forwards between
the four supporting legs with a swishing
sound like the hiss of a gigantic puff ad-
der. The upper portion of the slender body
rose to its full height on the straddling
under legs. The praying forearms opened

wide in a horrible embracing gesture, the
murderous barbs and the sharp claw-like
talons outspread.

  The two men shouted vainly to the doom-
ed human, trying to break the spell the
weird, terrible creature seemed to have
cast upon him. He did not hear them or, if
he heard, he did not heed their cries of
warning, but continued to gaze spellbound
into the blazing opal eyes of the creature’s
darting head. *

  Then it struck. Quicker than thoughtv
the forelegs whipped forward, the sharp
talons gripped the man and drew him ruth-
lessly to the green breast. He shrieked in
terror as one barbed forearm held his body
to the creature in a cruel crushing vise.
The cruel head bent swiftly forward as the
other forelimb bent the man’s head down-
ward. Then the narrow snout of the man-
tis buried itself in the taut neck of its vic-
tim, severing the nerve ganglions and crush-
ing the vertebrae.

  Totally ignoring the hysterical girl and
the two men rushing toward her, the mantis
prepared to enjoy its ghastly meal. Derek
reached the creature first, stabbing wildly
with his blade at the huge terror. He
sheared through one of the under legs
cleanly, his blade burying itself in the
creature’s soft abdomen. It dropped its vic-
tim and wheeled to meet this new attack,
assuming its terrible fighting pose. Derek,
looking into the creature’s eyes, seemed to
feel a queer paralysis creeping over him.

  He saw the great forearms distended,
raised to strike. But the creature was ham-
pered greatly by the missing leg and the
deep wound in the abdomen. Its move-
ments were sluggish as it moved toward
him. He tried to shake off the fascination
of the peacock feather eyes, to break the
spell that held him. He saw the creature
towering above him. Then Verne was on
the creature’s flank, his sword swinging.

*	There is much speculation among entomologists con-
cerning the reason for the mantis’ pose. Many natural-
ists believe that this blood-thirsty insect (Mantis ltelig-
iosa, of the otherwise vegetarian family, Ortljoptera)
possesses the power to hypnotize its prey and that tho
pose is a part of its hypnotic process: Crickets, which
flee from the slightest sign of danger, will stand mo-
tionless while the creature kills them. The mantis is
the insect tiger, attacking anything and devouring its
prey alive. It frequently devours its own mate during
the act of mating.
  BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

64.9

A flash of cold metal and the mantis’ head
flew from its slender body.

  Derek shuddered as the green specter
sank to the ground, close to the body of her
former victim. The great wings still flut-
tered and the legs moved fefebly, but the
creature was undoubtedly dead. They
turned from it to the girl who was sobbing
over the body of the dead man.

CHAPTER III.
Loma

EVEN in her grief at the death of her
father, Loma was beautiful. Her dark
eyes, veiled with a mist of tears, turned to-
ward the two men as they approached her.
Verne, hungry for the glimpse of a woman
after so long a time among aliens, stared
unashamedly and realized for the first time
what had pulled him back across the reaches
of space. Even Derek, hardened misogy-
nist that he was, felt his heart warm to her
in her sorrow. But the new conditions of
earth seemed to have bred a stronger, less
sentimental race. As if realizing the futil-
ity of her grief—or bowing to the inevit-
ability of death—Loma soon dried her tears,
crossed her father’s arms upon his breast,
picked up the thin javelin which he had
carried, and rose to meet them.

  “Who are you who have slain the green
killer?” she asked, in a language, altered,
greatly changed, but still recognizable as
English.

  They told her that they were two who had
been very far away, visiting a far distant
planet in another universe. They saw that
their explanation meant little to the girl,
and it was only when Derek wavd his hand
toward the heavens, telling her that they
came from ‘beyond the clouds’, that they
made their meaning clear. A shadow of
disbelief fluttered across her face, but she
made no comment other than to thank them
for delivering her.

  It was not until long afterward that Ver-
ne learned that neither she nor her people,
the pitiful remnant of America’s once proud
civilization, had any conception of the uni-
verse beyond the clouds. To them, the can-

opy which kept out the blazing rays of the
sun was an impenetrable roof over a flat
world. Only a few had ever seen the sun
on the rare occasions when the clouds had
parted for an instant. Then it had seemed
the avenging destroyer from a world of fire,
shrivelling the fungoid verdure, and send-
ing suffocating clouds of vapor up from the
swampy earth. None had ever seen a star
or realized the cosmic wonders that once
made the heavens a thing of beauty to
earth’s peoples.

  “Where did you and your father come
from?” Verne asked.

  Loma motioned toward the northwest.
“They live far from here,” she replied,
“many marches through the jungle. My
father heard of other peoples living to the
south and we set out with a great expedi-
tion to locate them. We travelled for many
days, but ill luck seemed always to attend
us. One by one our men were lost in the
depths of the swamps or fell in battle with
the insects. Some were stricken with the
shaking death * and as we had no medicine
they did not last long. Finally there were
none but my father, my brother and my-
self. While we rested by the fire which
we had built in a glade not far from here,
he vanished. When we lay down by the
fire he was there and when we awoke he
was gone, leaving no traces. I fear the
killer got him, too.”

  “Perhaps he merely wandered away,”
Verne suggested. “We may be able to find
him for you.”

  “Perhaps,” she agreed, but they could see
that she had few hopes.

  “At least, we can take you back to your
people,” Derek promised. “You will have
to show us the way.”

  “Come, then.” She turned to lead the
way back to the tents and the campfire.
“Wait a minute.”

  Verne could not bear to leave the body
of the man where it lay. Derek joined him,
and together they dug a shallow trench into
which they placed the body reverently.
Loma watched in open eyed wonder as they
built a rough cairn of rocks over the grave.

‘Malaria
650

WONDER STORIES

  “Do you not bury your dead?” Verne
asked.

  “No,” she admitted. “We leave the bodies
outside and—they vanish. Do they plant
the dead in the earth in your city, which we
sought so far?”

  Loma had evidently ignored their own ex-
planation of their origin and had identified
them as members of the fabled colony her
father had sought. Deciding that it would
be useless to repeat their explanation, they
continued to question her about her people
and her city, while they plowed their way
between the fleshy stalks of the sulphur-
tuft forest. The great hoods of the toad
stools, towering forty and more feet above
their heads, dripped moisture unceasingly.
Occasionally they encountered the fetid,
overpowering odor of the foul stinkhorn *
and they made wide detours to avoid its
thick, gigantic column. Going slowly it
took them some time to cover the ground
that the two men had forced their way
through in such a hurry only a short time
before.

THEY reached the spot where the fire
had been burning, finding it almost
out. The tents were torn and trampled and
near them they found traces of great foot
prints. From Loma’s description, for she
guessed the intruder that had wrecked the
camp—they recognized the destroyer as a
giant beetle, who finding the tents in his
chosen lirte of march, had calmly demol-
ished them. They were just a little thank-
ful that they had not been present when
the monster had appeared.

  The space ship lay undisturbed where it
had come to rest, half buried in the muck
and soft mud beneath the thin crust of the
turf. Loma cried out and drew back as
she saw the great vessel, evidently mistaking
it for a new apd, therefore terrible, species
of beetle. Only after much coaxing would
she even approach its sides, and both Derek
and Verne had to go in and come out of
the door a great many times before she
would consent to follow them inside.

  Once in the ship, however, her wonder

* Phallus Impudicus.

changed to immediate delight at the dry
and cozy interior. Her intensely practical
mind immediately grasped its utility as liv-
ing quarters, and she seemed to appreciate
to the full the safety it offered. Places of
sanctuary, it seemed, were few and far be-
tween in the world that she knew. There,
every strange creature was an enemy, and
man—ill equipped as he was to fight a
ravaging nature that gave no quarter—
had only survived by matching his cunning
against the armored and weaponed insects.
From what she had told them they guessed
that the people of her times lived in con-
stant terror of the creatures which had in-
herited the world.

  The steaming swamps, the fungus forests
and the stagnant, scum-covered waters bred
millions of hostile creatures, most of whom
esteemed human beings as dainty tidbits.
It was an insect-ridden world, a world where
the works of man had vanished before the
all-consuming dampness during the years
when man had been too busy with the prob-
lem of survival, against ever-changing and
always unfavorable conditions, to progress.

  As a result, humanity had slipped a long
way backward. The people lived precarious
lives in the high caves they had hollowed
out of the mountains. Cunning of the mass
had given way to cunning of the individual.
Except when danger threatened the home
settlements, it was every man for himself
—and a horrible fate awaited him who fell
into the clutches of any of the carnivorous
insects.

  It was a terror-stricken Loma who first
felt the quivering of the ship as Derek, at
the controls, fired the forward rockets in an
effort to escape the clinging tentacles of the
mud which had gripped' the nose of the
ship. At last it shook itself free, and when
it lay once more on an even keel the great
stern tubes spoke and the ship lifted itself
from the ground in a great swoop.

  Once her fears were overcome, Loma ac-
cepted this new means of transportation
with little difficulty. With true feminine
logic, she felt no wonder at whatever the
amazing minds of her companions might
produce. After all, she reasoned, they were
merely men, although rather good looking,
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

651

especially the reddish haired one. From
time immemorial, woman has accepted the
finest gifts man could devise as the portion
justly due her—particularly if the man be
her lover—without thought to the greatness
or the strangeness of the gift.

  To Loma, the great space ship which had
struck awe in the hearts of the dwellers on
strange planets, was merely a handy vehicle
conveying her back to her own people, and
she bothered little about the how or why of
its origin and purpose. As she stood at
Verne’s side, watching the green country
speed backward below them, her mind was
far more occupied with the idea that her
companion was very much in love with her,
stranger though he was. And in her own
way she was not at all displeased.

  They had flown but a little while when
there came an ominous sputtering from the
rear tubes. Derek investigated and when
he returned to the little cabin in the center
of the ship his face was very grave. Verne
noticed his expression and drew him to one
side.

  “What’s the matter, Derek?” he asked.
“The fuel. We’re almost out of it. One
more discharge of the rear tubes will ex-
haust our supply completely.”

  “How about the forward tubes?”

  “They have only a little left and we will
need that to slow us up in landing. Plow-
ing through this soupy atmosphere has
taken an enormous quantity since we’ve had
to fight both gravity and air resistance.”
They were interrupted by a sudden shout
from Loma, that sent them rushing forward
to the window where she stood looking
through the glasses.

  “I think those are the hills where my
people live,” she cried pointing toward a
distant line of purple.

  Verne heaved a sigh of relief. The ovoid
was already falling in the down curve of
the arc and the flight would end in a few
moments more. But they could easily make
the rest of the way on foot. It could only
be a matter of twenty-five or thirty miles,
making due allowances for the deceptive
qualities of the atmosphere.

  Then the tubes gave a last coughing ex-
plosion and the ship began a long coasting

fall to the ground. The forward tubes
belched forth their blasts as the nose of the
craft pointed to earth. Carefully gauged,
the discharges slackened the ship’s speed
to a minimum and they made a safe landing
on the soft moss. „	\

The Onslaught!

REFRESHED by a short sleep and food
from the ship’s larder, the three left
t^ie sanctuary of the vessel and began the
long trek through the wilderness toward
the mountain home of Loma’s people. In
the comparative cool of the dawn they
made good time. Verne and Derek, with
their keen cutlasses hacked away the im-
peding lianas and thick grasses and cut
narrow paths through dense thickets of cal-
ocera viscosa, sprung to imposing heights
from the rotting vegetation which covered
the ground. Loma, armed with a light hand
ax, helped as well as she was able. But
before long, in the depths of the jungle,
they were forced to slow down their pace.

  Here great forests of bamboo-like
growths, so thickly seeded that passage >vas
impossible, offten caused long and tedious
detours. Great puff-balls,* fifty to one
hundred feet in diameter frequently blocked
their path, and after Verne had disgustedly
slit one with his sword, releasing a choking
cloud of spores, they found it best to give
these mushroom monstrosities a wide berth.

  All day they forced their way through the
tangled undergrowth, pausing only for a
meal of food they had brought with them
from the ship. When the mellow twilight,
lengthened because of the light diffused
through the enclosing cloud banks, warned
them of the near approach of night, they
prepared to camp near the rock ruins of a
limestone hill. Not even the rocks, it
seemed, could long withstand the destroy-
ing damp. Erosion had taken its toll of
even the hardest substances.

  Underneath the projecting shoulder of
the cliffs, they found some measure of pro-
tection against the voracious mosquitoes
which rose as the heat of the day moder-
ated. These insects, large as hawks and

*Lycoperdon Giffanticum.
652

WONDER STORIES

terrifying with the weird whirring of their
wings, w’ere a true menace to life. Only
the fact that their natural enemies in the
insect world had increased proportionately,
while the warm-blooded men and animals
from which they drew their food had al-
most died out, prevented them from over-
running the earth. As it was, there were
plenty of them.

  Yet it was not long before they found
these monsters vastly preferable to their
diminutive ancestors. Though the mos-
quitoes were far more dangerous because of
their increased size, one of them being able
to drain the blood from a human being,
the loud noise of their wings gave ample
warning of their approach and their size
made' them easy targets for the sharp
swords.

  When the darkness had fallen and the day
insects began to give place to the huge
moths and night flying things, they retired
to a light sleep, leaving Verne on guard
beside their fire. They were all tnoroughly
tired, for though they had come but a few
miles, the labor had been exceedingly wear-
ying. Derek had offered to stand the first
watch, but Verne, knowing his partner had
taken the brunt of the work during the day,
would not hear of it.

  He settled himself comfortably on a
smooth boulder covered with moss and let
his thoughts turn back to the old world
he had known. But his day had not been
an easy one and in spite of all his efforts,
he found his eyelids drooping. He made
a heroic effort to rouse himself but his eyes
finally closed and he fell into a deep and
profound sleep.

  He awoke to find himself being lifted from
the ground, his body held in a vise-like
grip. He tried to move, to break away, and
succeeded in loosing a cry which brought
Derek and Loma to their feet in alarm. The
moon had evidently arisen and its pale light,
filtering through the clouds, made the scene
light with a silvery, eerie radiance. He
looked at his captor, twisting his neck about
with difficulty, and saw a horny, horrible
head, great eyes and two questing antennae
waving above him. Giant mandibles held

him in an unbreakable grip, though the
pressure on his ribs was not altogether un-
bearable.	>

  He saw Derek running toward him and
saw him strike at the monster. The great
head that held him dropped from the thorax
and he fell heavily to the ground. The
mighty jaws relaxed, and freeing himself
from the grisly, misshapen head, he climbed
to his feet and retrieved his sword. He
saw the headless body of his late captor,
its six legs contracting spasmodically as
death claimed it.

  Then he heard Derek call to him and he
saw Loma and his friend surrounded by a
ring of giant ants. The monstrous insects,
fully six feet long and standing several feet
high were attempting to get within the cir-
cle of his flailing sword.

VERNE hesitated but a moment before
throwing himself upon the nearest of
the monsters. His sword sliced through the
thick armored body and the creature went
down. The insects, intent only on reaching
Derek and the girl, ignored Verne as he
hacked at them from the rear-, until only
three of them were left. Verne with a quick
thrust, severed the antennae from the head
of the nearest one, who, deprived of the
most important of its organs, immediately
withdrew from the battle, stumbling aim-
lessly around as if entirely devoid of its
senses. Verne made for the next one but
the creature, as if realizing that the battle
was lost, turned and scuttled away at high
speed, just as Derek disposed of the last
of his antagonists.

  Together with Loma, the two men inspect-
ed their late adversaries. The black, gleam-
ing bodies, many of them still squirming in
the pale moonlight, were horrible in the
extreme, like creatures out of some fantas-
tic purgatory. They seemed perfect fighting
machines, with their heavy horny bodies and
the cruel thick mandibles, capable of crush-
ing the humans to pulp. And the silent,
cold ferocity with which they had attacked,
the purposeful intentness of their fighting
marked them the real rulers of this new
existence.

  “Wonder why the other one scrammed in
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

653

such a hurry?” asked Verne as they turn-
ed from examining their victims.

  It was Loma who answered.

  “That ant went for help,” she replied.
“We have evidently stopped near a colony
of them. It will come back with many
others.”

  “Then we had better get somewhere else
in a hurry,” Derek decided. “There’s no
use sitting here waiting for trouble. Per-
haps if we can get far enough away they
will not pursue us.”

  But even as he spoke, they heard the com-
i«g of the ants. This time there were hun-
dreds of them, approaching in regular for-
mation. The two men held their swords
ready and Loma, behind them, gripped the
small ax.

  “Looks like it’s goodby, old fellow,” Derek
said quietly. “We can keep them off for a
while, but . . . . ”

  “Maybe,” Verne admitted. “We can at
least give them plenty of trouble. Hit for
their antennae; they’re helpless if anything
happens to them.” "He grasped his sword
tightly and took a few vicious cuts at the
air.

  Then the first wave of the attackers swept
up to them and they had no time for con-
versation. They struck blindly, wounding,
killing, maiming, but ever the ants pressed
forward. And still more came from around
the hillside. By sheer weight of the attack,
the three were pressed back against the
cliffs, pressed back until they no longer had
room to swing their weapons but had to de-
pend on short, chopping cuts that often
glanced off the armored heads of the in-
sects. Then they felt great furry legs sweep-
ing over them. Derek’s arms were pinioned
to his sides by the mandibles of a giant em-
met and he saw its abdomen, with its needle-
pointed stinger, curving toward his body.
He felt a rapier-like pain shoot through
him, heard a scream from Loma and Verne’s
voice curing loudly. Then he was gone.

CHAPTER IV.
Into the Commune

HE regained consciousness slowly, and
found himself being carried rapidly

over the ground by one of the ants. He
tried to move his arms and legs but found
them unresponsive. Out of the corner of
his eye, for he could not turn his head, he
could see Loma’s fluttering draperies and he
tried to call to her and found that he could
make no sound. He did not see Verne but
guessed that he could not be far away.

  For some time they swung along, going
uphill and down, over the tops of huge fun-
gus growths and up the sides of unscalable
boulders. He marvelled at his captor’s
ability to carry him so easily, without paus-
ing to rest or shift the weight of so great
a burden. Then he remembered, from an
almost forgotten course in zoology, tl\at if
ants were the size of men they would be the
strongest creatures on earth. And he mar-
velled the more that he and Verne and
Loma had been able to withstand them for
so long as they had.

  They came at last to where the path be-
came a definitely marked road which led
into the city of the ants. The great hills
towered hundreds of feet in the air and
covered acres of ground at their bases.
Cone-shaped, the great bulks seemed far
larger than any works of man, than any of
the architectural wonders they had seen on
far Karaku. The dwellings were roofed
with stones,* giving them an appearance
of solidity which he felt was entirely de-
served. Nothing short of a severe earth-
quake could damage them.

  They met numerous others of the great
creatures coming from the communes, war-
riors, like those which had captured them,
workers major and the tiny workers minor,
setting out to forage food for the larvae, the
nurses and the ant queens. No one showed
the slightest curiosity toward the captives,
nor was there any reception accorded the
captors.

  Occasionally a soldier stationed along
the avenues challenged members of the par-
ty, and there was a great deal of gesticulat-
ing and rubbing of antennae, while the
guard sought for the identifying odor of the
communal hill. The challenges became more

♦These ants had evidently evolved from the occidental
ants found in western United States, which roof their
hills with pebbles, stones, etc.
654

WONDER STORIES

frequent as they approached the towering
entrance, like the mouth of a huge cavern,
at the base of the central dome. But al-
ways they pressed onward, and at last pass-
ed into the great corridor that led to the
inside of the commune.

  For a long time, or so it seemed to Derek,
they were carried through the dark, stuffy
corridors of the commune. As his eyes
grew more accustomed to the semi-darkness,
he could make out the bare walls of the
avenue they were traversing, and the end-
less corridors intersecting it at regular in-
tervals. A continual stream of workers
passed them, going toward the outside.

  They came to the store rooms, situated
far below the surface of the ground. Here
they were met by countless workers car-
rying eggs upward toward the higher cells
of the mound, where the warmth of the outer
air during the daylight hours might hasten
the process of incubation. Derek marvel-
led that-the great mandibles, capable as he
well knew of a bone crushing grip, could
carry the eggs with so gentle a pressure as
to cause no damage-to the delicate shells or
their undeveloped inmates.

  Then they cdme to the rooms where the
“nurses” were caring for the queer, help-
less larvae. Like human nurses in hospitals,
these ant prototypes hovered over their
charges, feeding them, changing their posi-
tions. They groomed the bodies of the lar-
vae as well, licking them as a mother cat
licks the fur of her kittens. In another huge
cells, Derek caught a glimpse of a great-
bellied queen mother surrounded by a horde
of her worker attendants.

DEEPER in the commune they came to
other great rooms where workers and
virgin queens were attending the fungus
gardens. In still others of the subterranean
chambers of the dwelling, he saw workers
caring for the aphids—the domesticated
cows of the ant world, great soft creatures
who accepted their grooming with every evi-
dence of pleasure.

  At last they came to the tier of cells
where the worker ants were busily engaged
in storing food away. Into one of these the
three ants with their unresisting burdens

made their way. While Derek was specu-
lating on the probable fate in store for them
there, the three of them were unceremon-
iously dumped on the floor and rolled to
one side. Thus their captors left them be-
side the bodies of huge beetles, hornets of
great size, and other insects which had some
how fallen into the clutches of the ants.

  Here they lay helpless for a long time in
the stench and smothering air of the dim
roof, unmolested and, to all appearances,
forgotten. They had become a part of the
commune’s emergency store of food and
would remain there until needed. Seeing
that Verne was awake, Derek called to him
softly.

  “Hurt, fellow?”

  “No. But I can’t move. What have they
done to us?”

“Paralyzed us with their stingers and laid
us away in their icehouse until somebody
gets hungry or the food supply runs low.”
“Why don’t they kill us and put us out of
our misery?”

  “Why should they care how miserable we
are, even if it occurred to them to think of
it at all? I imagine that they expected us
to die from the effects of the stinging, but
we were just paralyzed. You forget that
we’re dealing with insects now. They don’t
think or reason any more than so many
of the Karakuan robots. These bugs don’t
consider us enemies in the sense we think
of the word. When they bumped into us
we were pretty dangerous customers, it never
occurred to them that we might not be forth
the lives it would cost to get us. Their in-
stinct told them to capture us and they did
it. They would have kept after us until
the last ant in the tribe was dead. But once
they had us stored safely in the hill, they
forgot us.”

  After a long while, during which he must
have slept, Derek heard Loma calling to
Verne.

  “Verne,” she called softly. “Oh Verne.
I believe that I can move my arm.”

  “Yes,” Verne answered. “I’ve been feel-
ing little twinges in my legs for some time.
How about you, Derek?”

  Derek tried to move and was able to turn
his head slightly.
BEYOND THE STAR CURTAIN

655

  “I believe that the poison is beginning to
wear off,” he replied. “Evidently it doesn’t
have a permanent effect on human being,
through our skins and our lungs. I imagine
the stuff they shot into us was some kind
of a formic acid compound and, while it
might have been fatal, it won’t have any
permanent effects.”

  The time passed with a slowness that was
maddening. To the three, unable to move
about, it seemed that they had spent years
as captives in the commune. But little by
little they gained the use of their limbs. At
first they found their bodies sluggish, hard
to control, but as more time passed they
were able to move about the chamber. As
the paralysis left them, they began to feel
the need for food and water. The men had
brought a supply of concentrated food from
the rocket, but it was only a question of
time until they faced the alternative of
starving or helping themselves to the ants’
gruesome stores.

  Their captors seemed to have had abso-
lutely no curiosity concerning their strange
garments or accoutrements. Nothing had
been taken from them. Even the great
swords, stained with the life fluid of the
warriors had been ‘left in the store room
with them, clutched in the frozen grip of
their paralyzed fingers.

  Once more in control of their bodies, the
three began laying plans for escape. Verne,
who seemed to love a good fight for its own
sake, was all for a bold attempt to cut
their way out of the commune. Derek, on
the other hand, remembering the swarming
thousands that filled the corridors between
them and freedom, was in favor of more
6tealthy measures. Eventually his counsel
prevailed and at length, swords ready, they
prepared to leave the prison that had held
them for so long.

Brains versus Instinct.

THE lower corridors were comparatively
free from ants. The occasional work-
ers, returning laden with food for the store
rooms, they avoided by dodging into near-
by corridors when possible. When they
had no time for this, the worker was mur-
dered in cold blood and the body placed in

the nearest food chamber. Once or twice
they met great males, the phenomenally
stupid consorts of the ant queens. These
were great hulking fellows, unable to dis-
tinguish friend or foe, dependent on the
workers for,their sustenance and lacking the
fighting qualities of the workers and war-
riors. These were calmly ignored by the
three fugitives.

  For some lime they wandered about the
subterrannean catacombs, hiding and flee-
ing and fighting. Yet always they made
their way upward toward the light of day,
and each succeeding hour of freedom gave
them renewed confidence. Then one day
they met their first warrior ant and the
whole course of their plans was changed.

  Derek was in the lead and he stopped
suddenly as he came full upon a full grown
warrior turning from a side corridor. The
ant halted abruptly and, as Derek held back,
waiting for Verire to join him, the warrior
examined him closely with great near-
sighted eyes. All the time the questing an-
tennae, where, as he knew, the ant’s pow-
erful sense of smell is located, went care-
fully over his body. Then as if reassured
by the examination, the ant passed on, leav-
ing Derek frozen with astonishment.

  Verne and Loma who had waited,' silent
spectators of the meeting, for some hostile
move on the part of the warrior, moved
quickly to his side.

  “Why didn’t the ant attack you?” they
asked breathlessly.

  Derek shook his head. Then to their in-
tense surprise, he burst into a ringing peal
of laughter.

  “I’m just thinking of the time wc> have
wasted,” he said. “If only I had remem-
bered what every student of entomology
knows, we would have been free before now.
Ants depend almost entirely on their acute
sense of smell and on the instincts that
guide their every moment. They recognize
their friends or enemies by smelling them,
and we have been in this particular hill
long enough to have soaked up some of the
communal odor of this outfit. That ant
may have thought I was a funny looking
worker, but as long as her feelers told her
I was all right, she believed them in prefer-
656

WONDER STORIES

ence to the evidence of her eyes.”

  He broke off, chuckling.

  “All this time we -have spent sneaking
down corridors and hiding out was purely
unnecessary,” he continued. “Ants are the
wonders of the insect world, marvels of in-
dustry and courage, and living in highly
organized communities, fyut after all they
are only insects and are ruled by instinct
rather than intelligence. And whenever
blind instinct meets intelligent reasoning,
brains always win out. The very strength
of the ants is, after all, their greatest weak-
ness.”

  He grasped his astonished companions
by the arms and moved off down the corri-
dor.

  “Come on. All we have to do is to walk
boldly, out of the hill and not an ant will
disturb us.”

  The ease with which they made their way
to the upper levels proved the truth of his
assertions. The great majority of the ants
they passed, busily engaged in the work of
the commune, ignored them completely. An
occasional soldier halted them momentarily,
but always allowed them to pass undisputed.
At last they met a file of workers, bound evi-
dently for the outside, since they were emp-
ty handed.

  The three humans attached themselves un-
obtrusively to the rear guard of the group
and passed along the corridors henceforth
unchallenged. It was a master stroke, for
they might otherwise have wandered about
the labyrinthian ways of the commune for a
long time. As it was, they noticed the ave-
nues growing wider, until they found them-
selves in the broad main corridor, leading
to the entrance. It was all they could do to
keep from running ahead to the bright open-
ing that marked the presence of light and
fresh air. But they restrained this impulse,
knowing that to give way to their desire
would invite unwelcome attention on the
part of the guards at the entrance.

  Following the unconscious file of work-
ers, they passed beyond the confines of the
hill; and not until they were outside the
limits of the community of stone roofed
mounds did they fail back and allow their
guides to go on without them.

  Many days later, days filled with almost'
miraculous escapes from death in many dif-
ferent forms, days of creeping across clear-
ings and hewing their way through the jun-
gle of ferns and fungus, they came to the
upper end of a valley set well among the
hills of the north. Here the fungus grew
less luxuriantly, the undergrowth was less
dense, and occasionally they found trace of
once familiar plants. Loma, who was lead-
ing the way, halted and turned to her com-
panions.

  “We are nearing the valley with me?
You will be welcome.”

  Her words were addressed to both of
them, but her eyes were resting on Verne’s
face, pleading. With her family wiped out
on the ill-fated expedition of which she
was the sole survivor, there was little to call
her back—although there were many young
men in her village who had looked upon
her in a way that told of love unspoken.
If only, she thought, this young man with
the reddish hair ....

  Verne caught her glance and smiled, his
heart leaping within him.

  “After all, why not, Derek?” he said, try-
ing to make his tone appear casual. “There
is no place else to go and they are probably
the last remnants of our own people. We
came clear across space to find them. There
is no reason for not going on.”

  Derek nodded.

  “Sure,” he replied. “I imagine they are
pretty primitive but then we can help them
out considerably. Perhaps in time we can
declaim part of the land, drive off the in-
sects and establish a new civilization. Per-
haps we can even build space ships to carry
them to another planet .... We’ll do a
lot for them, won’t we, partner?”

  “Yeah.”

  Verne’s voice was muffled, for his lips
were pressed close to Loma’s dark hair.
Derek glanced at them and then turned
away. He stood looking off down the val-
ley that sheltered the remnants of earth’s
people, his mind busy with a golden dream
of future empire. But Verne’s thoughts
were all of the present and the girl in his
arms.

THE END.
WONDER STORIES

1657

Between Dimensions

  (Continued from Page 639)

volved passage through a dimension un-
known to us. That is, the cabin travelled a
great distance, probably hundreds of mil-
lions of miles, through three-dimensional
space, by moving a short distance, perhaps
only a fraction of an inch, through the
fourth dimension.

  From a former official of the Wisconsin
Light and Power Corporation I learned that
huge quantities of current had been made
available for Scanlon’s use between the
hours of midnight and one o’clock, daily.
Thus, a few minutes after twelve, when he
turned his apparatus on, the cabin disap-
peared from its, hilltop sight and was in-
stantly transported to the deserts of a re-
mote world. An hour later, when Scanlon
shut off his beam, it instantly returned. On
that last night, the laboratory must have
caught fire in the midst of the experiment,
and in some unaccountable manner the ex-

tinction of the beam failed to recall the
cabin. It was left marooned forever on the
far side of the universe.

  The above is my explanation of the facts
which I have related. Obviously, much of
it is pure speculation, but I have checked it
carefully and it fits all the known facts. I
have told the story to Du Cles, and he agrees
that the hypothesis is at least highly prob-
ably. It was at his insistence, in fact, that
I have written this account of my exper-
ience. It was he who first pointed out to
me that if the explanation outlined above
is correct a way has been opened whereby
the human race may explore some portions,
at least, of the more distant parts pf the uni-
verse. Under his direction research has al-
ready begun with the aim of duplicating
Scanlon’s apparatus. The hope of enlist-
ing public support of the project has been
my chief motive in writing this simple chron-
icle.

                      THE END.

What Is Your Science Knowledge?

       Test Yourself By This Questionnaire

 1.	Why is a Diesel airplane motor
 different from an ordinary kind?
 (Page 602)

2.	How is it possible to tap a
telephone or telegraph line without
touching it? (Page 603)

3.	What is the penetrating pow-
er of cosmic rays? (Page 607)

4.	How is it believed that life
originated? (Page 614)

 5.	What are the weaknesses of
 present day rockets? (Page 616)

 6.	What is the Fitzgerald Con-
 traction theory? (Page 628)

 7.	What is the “coal sack”?
 Where is it located? (Page 642)

 8.	What is the praying mantis?
 What are its distinguishing habits?
 (Page 648)

 9.	How do ants determine friend
 from enemy? (Page 655)
After 1,000,000 Years

                By J. M. Walsh

(Illustration by Marchioni)

       We saw the building vastly magnified. It was full of people
  sprawling about in all manners of attitudes. But everyone was
  dead.
Admittedly

      time-travelling is
 a subject for theoriz-
 ing. Admittedly also
 it is a subject full of paradoxes. I have
 tried in the following story to deal in a
 necessarily brief fash-
 ion with such paradox-
 es as arose in the
 course of the narrative.

 .There may be others
 that I have omitted.

 Neither have I tried to
 deal with the aspect a
 future civilization may
 present to a visitor
 from today. That is
 pure speculation. Some
 may say one thing, and
 some another.

   Human nature being
 what it is, however,
 the chances are that
 civilizations will rise
 and fall, as they have
 in the past, that dis-
 coveries will be made
 and lost, and made
 again. That much I
 have suggested in pass-
 ing.

   I have not enlarged
 on the mechanical side
 of time travelling. The
 mechanics, at least in
 theory, are fairly well
 understood by all who
 like this branch of
 scientific fiction. Once
 assume that they can
 be put into practice,
 and the rest is easy.

 Whether the subject
 has ever before been
 treated from precisely
 the angle I have taken
 I do not know.

   I wrote simply to
 clear my mind of the
 one idea that I believe has never been elab-
 orated before,—that time used must be ac-
 counted for. To put it more plainly, if I

After 1,000,000 Years

       By the Author of
       “Vandals of the Void”

^ A S Mr. Walsh states i/iS.
  \ ^ his foreword, time trav- »
  elling is filled with inter-
  ‘ esting paradoxes, that
  should provide endless
  mental speculation.

    The ability of man to
  travel into the future or
  past and alter the events
  of either time, are doubted
  by most of those who have
  given the matter serious
  thought. To alter the fu-
  ture whose events flow
  from immediate happen-
  ings, or the past that is
  gone, is to kill altogether
  the sequence of events.

     Yet the newer science of
   physics seems to offer some
   hope that this might be
   possible. We know now
   that events do not happen
   continuously but in jerks
   and spasms, and that they
   do not happen in absolute
   accordance with cause and
   event, but with the laws of
   probability. Although the
   interruption of a stream
   of events, by the intrusion
   of something entirley for-
   eign, like the invasion of a
   twentieth century man into
   the world 1,000,000 years
   ahead, may strike us now
   as being impossible, a fu-
   ture world may understand
   and accept it.

     Mr. Walsh, the author of
   “Vandals of the Void* in
   the summer WONDER
   QUARTERLY, makes a
   new success for himself in
   this interesting little story.P

                   leave here, for in-
                   stance, at 5 p.m. on
                   Wednesday, travel a
                   century into the future,
                   and remain there exactly one week, I do
                   not believe that I can return precisely to
                   my own era at 5 p.
                   m. on the day I start-
                   ed. I have lived a week
                   in the interval. That
                   week must be docked
                   from the period of my
                   existence. When I re-
                   turn I shall come back
                   perhaps to the exact
                   hour of the clock, but
                   I shall be a week old-
                   er. My calendar will
                   show that seven days
                   have passed from my
                   life. I cannot live
                   those seven days over
                   again. That much is
                   clear. This is not to
                   say, admitting the pos-
                   sibility of time travel-
                   ing, that if I am to
                   have a life-span of sev-
                   enty years that I may
                   not spend thirty of
                   those years in the
                   twentieth century and
                   the remaining forty in
                   the twenty-fifth centu-
                   ry. I cannot live the
                   whole seventy; in both

centuries, that is all.
ft * *

I

   AM the last man,
the last man of all
Earth’s teeming milli-
ons to be left alive on
this once populous
planet. I have seen
this world, woefully,
incredibly aged, bleak
and desolate, writhing

                    in its death-throes—
 yet I have escaped to tell this tale.

 So much I write, then turn to look out my
 window on the busy, crowded street be-

659
660

WONDER STORIES

low. I hear the hum of traffic and I see the
movements of people, many thousands of
them. I know that I am somewhere in the
center of a city of eight million souls. Not
one of them realizes the doom ahead. If
they did, it would not matter. They will
all be dead and gone long before it comes
to pass. Seeing that, realizing this, my
story seems well-nigh incredible, even to
myself, who went through it all.

  I can hardly expect to be believed. At
times I can hardly credit it myself. But
for two things I should end by fancying
that I had dreamed it all, that I had been
a victim of some particularly vivid night-
mare. But no dream, no nightmare could
possibly linger with its
details so sharply etched
in my mind. And, as I
say, there are two things
left me from that time,
two proofs, if ono can
call them, that my exper-
ience was not altogether
the product of a disor-
dered mind. Why such
an adventure should have
come to me of all men I
cannot say. It came—
that i§ all—and I must
record it as best I can.

  My name? It is Johti
Harling, my status that
of a real estate broker,
surely a prosaic profes-
sion. That much no doubt
is proof for the credibility of my tale; my
clan is unimaginative; we cannot invent
such tales. But let that rest.

  My story opens out-of-doors on a sum-
mer day in the third decade of this, the
twentieth century. I was, to put it plain-
ly, hiking, dressed in the conventional cos-
tume for such a pastime, my rucksack on
my back, a staff in my hand. I was mak-
ing for the crest of one of those deserted,
paths of leafy Surrey hills. A way not yet
invaded by the ubiquitous London motor-
ist.

  The crest of the rise lay before me. I
had nearly reached it. In my mind there
was forming already the pleasant picture

of a halt, a drink and a bite beneath the
shade of the trees before I proceeded on
my way. There was nothing then to tell
me that a million years would pass before
I drank or ate again. Unless that seeming
hint of thunder in the air had anything to
do with it.

  Abruptly I saw a flash. Lightning, I
thought, out of a clear sky at that; and I
wondered why I had heard no peal. Then
on the heels of the flash some branches,
crashed with a rending sound, as though
some heavy object had torn its way through
them. A lucky escape for me. The light-
ning might easily have struck me rather
than that tree towards which I stared.

Then I rubbed my eyes.
What I saw was so differ-
ent from what I had ex-
pected.

  It might have been the
original fiery chariot
from Heaven. Such was
my first confused
thought, for even at a
glance I could see that it
was no vehicle such as I
was familiar with. It
seemed much like an air-
plane minus the wings.
Yet there was a subtle
difference. The body was
slightly stream-lined, but
nose and tail were blunt,
with a cluster of sinister-
looking tubes fore and
aft. From these a thin golden vapor rose
in thin, lazy wisps.

  The machine itself—I could hardly think
of it as anything else—was of an odd kind
of metal, weird and strange. It was the
green of an emerald, so that I might have
taken it at first to be some species of crys-
tal did not everything in me cry out that
it was metal. I learnt later that such it
was. The length of the machine was stud-
ded with bosses, seemingly of quartz. Port-
holes, windows, perhaps doors. Their exact
function did not appear at the moment.

  I stood and stared, even then not quite
convinced that my senses had not played me
some strange trick. Then gingerly I reached
AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS

661

forward my staff. The machine seemed real
enough. It was solid to the touch. More
daringly, I tried it with my hand. It was
warm to the feel, yet not unpleasantly so.

  A door opened in the machine. A sec-
tion of the side slowly slid away into the
hull, and I waited, wondering what was to
be revealed. I think I was more curious
than frightened, and the one idea in my
mind was that this undoubtedly was a vis-
itant from some other planet. To me, first
of all men, was to be given the privilege—
or the horror, which I knew not—of meet-
ing the strangers. As the door slid gently
open, speculation after speculation raced
furiously through my mind. I tried to pic-
ture a hundred different and alien forms of
life, any one of which it might be my lot
to view.

  I was wrong.

ONE person only stood framed in the
opening, a being in human form. More
staggering still, it was a girl. Call her
that, though at a glance she looked more
mature. A Juno-esque figure, clad in some-
thing that looked oddly like chain-mail. It
was golden and it seemed to glow—a lit-
tle. The head was bare, though I saw she
held some sort of a helmet in one gloved
hand.

  I am no weakling; I am built, if anything
on a large size, without unnecessary flesh.
But this girl was every inch as tall as I,
though naturally better proportioned.

  While one could count ten we stood and
stared at each other. I take it that she was
quite as surprised at my appearance as I
was at hers, each of us fumbling for words
adequate to the situation.

  Then she spoke. It was a soft musical
voice in its way, though it held an odd hint
of power that I did not like. Had she
spoken in some language utterly unintel-
ligible, I don’t think I would have been
at all surprised; the fact that she was using
English of a sort—queer, distorted, and to
my ears archaic—was more astounding.
Yet it was not hard to follow. One could
sense the drift of what she was saying.

  Actually she was asking me what year

this was. I told her. 1935. She frowned
a little.

  “I have made an error, an error in cal-
culation,” she said, “but a few years out
in a million is not so much after all.”

  A million? I gasped. Then: “Who are
you? What do you mean? Where do you
come from?” I asked with a rush.

  She smiled a little, as one of superior
wisdom to a child.

  “I am Leela Zenken,” she said simply,
“and I have not come from anywhere—in
space. But in time I have come from an
age a million years ahead of this.”

  “In that thing?” I said, taking a step
forward.

  She nodded. We were becoming more
intelligible to each other now, our pronun-
ciations seeming less odd. “Yes. A time
traveller. That is it. But is not this Lon-
don?” She stared about her at the green
trees.

  I shook my head. “You are perhaps
twenty miles from the nearest part of
Greater London,” I told her. “It doesn’t
extend as far as this—yet. Perhaps in fifty
years—”

  She did not wait for me to finish, but
darted inside the machine, was gone a sec-
ond, and returned.

  “That is it,” she said breathlessly. “An
error. Fifty years out in time. And thirty
feet in space. In my day the land, this
point, is that much higher. But you, what
are you, what do you do?”

  I told her briefly. Though at first she
did not understand the function of a real
estate broker, she did at last. She did not
seem so pleased.

  “I had hoped for perhaps a scientist;”
she was watching my face as she spoke.
Some passing shadow must have given her
a wrong idea of what was in my mind. “I
mean,” she added hastily, “I wanted one
who would not discredit what he cannot
understand.”

  It was all Greek to me. That some object
lay behind her words I did not doubt, but
at the moment what it was was not apparent.

  “What exactly,? I said, “do you want,
and what precisely is it you hoped to do?”

  Her answer was evasive enough in one
662

WONDER STORIES

sense. “I had hoped to reach the year
1985,” she said. “My reasons—:” she waved
them aside, unuttered, perhaps because
they were no concern of mine. “It is a
strange world to me, a strange time, a
strange people. But we seem to understand
one another. If this had been 1985 no doubt
you would have helped me.”

  One idea after another chased through
my mind. After all, even though it was
not 1985, why should I not help her? I
was young, unattached, no relatives, no
one but myself to worry about . . . and this
was adventure, of the sort one might never
come across again.

  “Why shouldn’t I help you now?” I said,
greatly daring.

  She looked me up and down. “You are
of the wrong age,” she said deliberately.
“I go fifty years ahead.”

  “But the people of fifty years time should
not be so radically different from what
they are today,” I protested.

  “That is true. I might after all . . .” She
looked back again into the interior of the
machine, thought a moment, then, “Come,”
she said.

  I had little or no idea just what was in
her mind, but I obeyed her invitation and
stepped inside. No sooner was I in than
she touched a lever and the door slid closed.
She touched another lever and there came
a roar of sound from outside.

A Miscalculation

fflTT HAT are you doing?” I asked
  VV bluntly.

  “Raising the machine,” she said calmly.
“I miscalculated before. It has taught me
a lesson. In the years the land has risen.
If we went back to my own day we might
arrive to find ourselves thirty feet under
the earth. In fifty years’ time, who knows
but that we might come to rest inside a
building, with disastrous' consequences.”
“Then we are not yet travelling in time?
“No, only rising. It is better to do the
travelling in free air.”

  “I see.” I bent over the bank of keys
and dials in front of her, and tried to make
something of their arrangement. But I

could not. The theory of time travelling
I had read of vaguely. The idea of time
like a river. One could travel with the
current, drift from source to mouth. Me-
chanically one could quicken one’s speed
on that river, beat the drift of the current,
as it were. The faster one moved the fur-
ther behind would be left the particular
patch of water surrounding the boat when
one starteSd. Conversely, the boat could
travel against the current.

  That much, admitting the analogy be-
tween the flow of time and the flow of a
river was, clear enough. The mechanical
means necessary to achieve this result were
a trifle more complicated. Her explana-
tion of it all was. necessarily brief. Some
of it I grasped, and some I did not. In
many respects the science of her age was
couched in terms unintelligible to me.

  She cut her explanation short. “Are you
ready? Then please sit down.” She point-
ed to one chair, and seated herself in the
other. “We will start our flight through
time. Not long, only fifty years.”

  She leaned forward, and set a pointer on
one of the dials, then pressed a button im-
mediately beneath it. The machine seemed
to behave crazily. I had an impression of
walls whirling and dissolving and I fan-
cied I heard a stifled cry from the girl.
Then . . . nothingness.

  I came back to myself abruptly, with a
growing sense of strangeness, a feeling that
all was not as it should be. The girl her-
self had slid to the floor; her head was rest-
ing against the back of the chair, and her
eyes .were closed. From the look of her I
knew she was unconscious, but whether she
had fainted or it was the result of the time
travelling I could not say. The bank of
keys ahead of her looked oddly twisted;
the glass stuff of some of the dials had
broken, and everything looked crushed and
crumpled as though it had impacted heavi-
ly against something.

  But the machinery’s injuries could wait.
I turned to the girl, wondering how I could
revive her, but she saved me the trouble.
Her eyes opened, flickered, closed again,
then with an effort of will, opened once
more and remained open.
AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS

663

  She sprang to her feet with a little cry
the moment she got command of herself,
glanced at the dials, then rushed to one of
the porthole-like objects and stared through
it She remained there some time. What
she saw I do not know, but when she turned
back to me it was with an expression of con-
sternation on her face.

  “I have failed,” she said. “But the fault
is not altogether mine. First my original
miscalculation, then the jolt the machin-
ery received when I landed in your era,
both together may have caused it.”

  “Tell me,” I said, with a queer sense of
tightness about my heart, “just what has
happened.”

  She looked me squarely in the eyes, and
—I liked this—though she felt the fault
was hers, she did not flinch before my gaze.

   “It is this,” she said a trifle unsteadily,
“I am back here in my own age, you with
me, a million years ahead of yours. The
machinery did not function as it should
have. The moment I pressed the lever we
were shot with an extreme time velocity
back to the point from which I started.”
“Well,” I said, for one age seemed quite
as good as another now I had taken to time-
travelling, “I don’t see that it matters much
-—as far as I am concerned.”

1 “But you don’t understand,” she said
quickly, with an edge of consternation in
her voice. “Unless I can manage , to repair
thet machinery, which I doubt, you are
marooned in time, a million years ahead of
your day. That in itself might not matter
so much to you or to me, were it not that
the very days of this Earth, which is the
home of us both, are numbered. Is that
not sufficiently appalling for you?”

IT was. I sat down heavily, ,and stared
at her unbelievingly. For the moment
I did not know what to think. The pros-
pect was too stupendous for me to take it
all in. She left me to my thoughts.

   In a little while I saw that she was open-
ing the door that led outside the machine,
and she beckoned me to come with her.

  “But first,” she said, “you must put this
on.” It was a suit similar to the one she
was wearing, designed, I learned, to pro-

tect the wearer against any extremes of cold
that might be met.

  Something of my numbed state I had no
douBt put down to the shock her announce-
ment had given me. Now I began to real-
ize that the air was cold, almost like the
blast of a refrigerating chamber. Perhaps
the Earth was passing through another ice-
age. That may have been what she had
meant.

  Or perhaps the planet had tilted again,
as it had already done more than once in
its history, and the poles had shifted. I
did not know. I could only wait and see for
myself what had happened. At least she
made no move to enlighten me then, but
instead seemed all impatience to be about
whatever business she had in mind.

  We stepped out of the machine. I had ex-
pected to find myself in the open air, but
instead, looking up, I saw we were in a
vast building made of some transparent
substance like glass. The air in it was keen,
almost icy, and I looked in vain for signs
of life. We two seemed the only human
beings alive.

  The girl did not speak, but merely mo-
tioned me to follow her. We passed down
through the huge building to one part that
had been partitioned off into rooms. Since
they, too, were made of the same glass-like
substance as the rest of the building, it
looked as though the ,divisions had been
made more for the convenience of work than
for the sake of privacy. Despite the warmth
given out by the electrically heated suits
we were wearing, the girl shivered a little.

  “It’s colder than it was,” she said in a
low voice. “The power must be giving out,
the heaters running down. I pray nothing
has happened. I have been away so
long ...”

  “Why? What does it all mean?” I
asked.

  “Presently,” she returned. “It is a long
tale. I cannot tell it all to you now. First
I must learn what has happened.”

  We came to a room. The floor was bare,
but the walls were covered with a profu-
sion of dials, keys, and plates not unlike
those of television screens. She studied the
apparatus carefully for some seconds, then
(564

WONDER STORIES

made some adjustments with switches and
levers. One of the television screens glowed
to life. I became aware that I was looking
at a vast building, similar in some respects
to that we were in. She made other adjust-
ments, localized the view, so to speak, so
that we were looking at one particular sec-
tion of the building, vastly magnified. It
was full of people, men and women dressed
after the fashion of the girl by my side.
They were sprawling about in all manner
of attitudes, but everyone of them was dead,
frozen stiff. The cold of space had crept
in and killed them where they lay.

  An hour or more we spent there while
the girl searched one screen after another,
the television eye roaming from one point
of our globe to another, and always with
the same result. Nowhere on the whole
round of the Earth was there life! It was
a dead world.

  At last with a little moan she turned
away, then dropping abruptly to a crouch-
ing position on the floor buried her head in
her hands, and began to sob. Woman to
the last. After a million years, the sex had
altered but little.

  I caught her by the arm, and raised her,
a little roughly, I am afraid, but I felt she
needed to be shaken out of her bog of de-
spair.

  ‘'Tell me,,” I said, “what has happened.
I am still very much in the dark. I think
it is time that I should know.”

  She faced me with burning eyes. “It is
all my fault,” she declared vehemently. “I
have been the last hope of my race and I
have failed . . . lamentably.”

  “But how? All may not yet be lost.
Perhaps I can be of some help. Not much,
I’m afraid, but the telling of your story
may throw a new light on something hither-
to obscure. Who knows?”

  “I doubt it,” she said, almost sullenly—
anger with herself—“but it is right that you
should know. I have brought you here. It
is for you to judge me.”

A Tale of Doom

WITH that she started her tale, making
it under the circumstances, necessari-

ly brief. Some I understood of what she
said, and some I did not. Remember, in
many ways the science of her age was a mil-
lion years ahead of ours, and again they
had forgotten many things we know.

  A tale of a world suddenly faced with
the prospect of dissolution. The Solar Sys-
tem swimming into some uncharted reach of
space encountered a stretch of unknown
substance, a gaseous entity, a hole in space
—no one seemed able to say with any de-
gree of certainty j ust what it was—that pos-
sessed the singular power of intercepting
the heat-giving, life-giving rays of the sun.

  “Then,” I interrupted, “it is not a case
of a dying sun? The sun still lives?”

  She nodded. “Look,” she said. She
pressed a button. One of the television
screens came to life. I found I was looking
at the sky, not materially changed from
that which I had known. The sun was
climbing towards the zenith, no smaller, no
larger than I remembered it, but it was a
sickly red in hue. I could look at it with-
out hurt to the eyes. I might have been re-
garding it through heavily smoked glasses.

  “Go on,” I said. I was beginning to un-
derstand a little.

  She went on. This unknown element, a
substance with the power of shutting off the
heat of the sun in the same way that a lead
shield will cut off the emanations of radium,
augured death for the earth. Time was
short. From the day the fantastic proper-
ties of this unknown element had first been
discovered, scarcely two years were left
before the curtain would be drawn complete-
ly between the sun and its family of plan-
ets.

  The scientists of the world were mobil-
ized. Some suggested one thing. Some sug-
gested another. None were of any practical
help. In the million years that had passed
since my day secrets had been discovered
and lost again, inventions made and de-
stroyed. The story of human history was
the story of good things used not always
wisely. There had been conflicts between
nations, between the inhabitable planets
even; civilizations had risen and had per-
ished; a graph of human progress would
have shown a series of alternating peaks
AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS

665

and depressions. Old records that might
have been of use had been lost or destroyed
in one or other of the many conflicts when
the red lust of destruction had been let
loose.

   It narrowed down to this in the end. To
save humanity some means of replacing the
sun’s heat must be found. The desperate
need spurred men on to further efforts, the
while the glass-roofed cities were built in
the hope of staving off the final calamity
for years if all else failed. Old records,
such as remained, were feverishly searched.
Mention was made in them from time to
time of the discovery of a principle of atom-
ic energy, light- and heat-giving. If such a
thing could be re-discovered the world
would be saved, for it was felt that the blot-
ting out of the sun’s power was only tem-
porary, that in the course of time the Solar
System would have passed out of the area
of malefic influence.

   Feverish work, almost to no purpose.

  Leela Zenken had her own ideas. Her
mind ran on the possibilities of time trav-
eling. If she could construct a machine
that would take her back through the myr-
iad years she might be able to make con-
tact with one or the other of those men of
the past who claimed to have discovered the
principle of atomic energy. For a time she
was laughed at.

   Time-lravelling was a theory then as now.
The mechanical difficulties seemed insuper-
able. But she worked away, making this
experiment and that, failing always, yet al-
ways seeming just within measurable reach
of success. And at last it came. She dis-
covered the vibratory rate necessary to make
travelling through time a feasible proposi-
tion.

   Yet even then much remained to be done.
She must search backward through time, a
long and wearying process, for the data on
which she had to work was meagre. Some
of the alleged discoverers of the power she
sought must have been charlatans, since
there was no record of their discoveries ever
having been put to practical use, an un-
thinkable thing had they done what they
claimed. In this she overlooked one soli-
tary possibility.

HER SEARCH began. She left her
world almost in despair. So many
things had failed that they had little faith
in this last hope. She came back through
time, pursuing her enquiries. The people
of other ages treated her badly. She met
with incredulity, contempt, derision, every-
thing fcut belief and help. In some eras
she was even regarded as a mad-woman.
Once, during one of the Interplanetary wars
she was treated as an invader, and barely
escaped without injury. The machine it-
self was slightly damaged before she could
get it to start.

  At length she came across one item of
information that looked explicit. A scien-
tist in the year 1985 had made the discovery
she sought. His word had been doubted;
he had been jeered at, and when at last he
had succeeded in convincing the world, his
experiments were regarded as too danger-
ous to be allowed to continue. In a fit of
pique, anger, or because of broken hopes
—call it what you will—lie destroyed his
apparatus, everything that would throw
any light on what he had done, and ended
by destroying himself and his laboratory.
That, it seemed, was what actually happened,
though popular account had it that an exper-
iment had gone wrong.

  1985. The year of the great discovery.
To Leela, it appeared, that if she could
reach the man while he was in his first
flush of enthusiasm, before he found his
invention and its possibilities ignored, she
might get the formula from him, might
even persuade him to return with her.

  But the damage to her machinery had
thrown her calculations out of gear. She
landed in my year, as I have described.
She could not face the prospect of travelling
alone again, and the need for company was
what actually decided her to take me with
her.

  Several points, made by no means clear
to her, presented themselves to me.

  All isn’t lost yet,” I tried to console her.
“Perhaps if you can repair the machine you
can travel back again, find the man and set
your return for a date here before the
others have perished.”

  She shook her head. “One factor I
666

WONDER STORIES

have overlooked,” she pointed out. “The
past is immutable. I cannot go back and
change the order of things. They have hap-
pened in a certain way. I cannot make
them happen in any other. The future,
yes, that I can influence. Events yet to
come are still in a state of flux. The fu-
ture can be moulded, but the past, no. To
make it clearer, there is no record that I
ever reached that scientist of the year 1985;
there is no record that I succeeded in my
mission and returned in time to save my
people. Therefore, it is hopeless to try.
I should have realized it before.”

  “But you have taken me out of the
past,” I protested. “Is that upsetting the
order of events?”

  Again she shook her head. “No,” she
said. “Somewhere it has been recorded—
you will find that—that you made this time
trip, that you and I met. If you had lived
your life without our having met, I could
not have gone back and brought incidents
into that life that had never occurred. You
understand?”

  “Dimly,” I said. “I fancy I see what
you’re driving at. But tell me why you
should have come back to your own era
and found you were too late? I should
have imagined that you have been able to
have returned to the exact date you left.”
“Let me explain. This is how it pre-
sents itself to me. When I travel in time
the process is to all, intents and purposes
instantaneous. I do not expend time, so
to speak, in the way that I expend power.
I do not live that time. I merely pass
through it. But when I reach any desired
era and stop travelling time begins again
for me. I spent fifteen minutes stationary
in your year, talking to you. That is fif-
teen minutes out of your life-period and
mine. You have that fifteen minutes less
to live.

  “My searchings through the centuries cost
me the matter of a year, in accumulated
time, outside of the influence of the time
machine. That year also has gone out of
my life. It is part of the allowance of my
existence that I have expended. For in-
stance, now I can see that I could not pos-
sibly have returned here to the exact date

on which I left. The amount of time I
spent in other centuries when I was not
actually time-travelling amounted to a year.
That year must be subtracted from the
sum of my existence. Therefore I arrive
back to find that a year here has elapsed
in my absence.”

Nearing the End

       HEN,” I said, “if I were to remain1
X here a year, and then could return,
I would find it 1936, not 1935?”

  “That is it exactly,” she agreed, then
looked at me with wide-eyed horror.

  “But,” she said slowly, “the machine if
broken.”

  “You may be able to repair it. There
is no harm trying.”

  She thought with knitted brows during
one long, pregnant minute.

  “Why not?” she said at length. “There
is nothing to stop your returning in that
case, even if I cannot go.”

  “You may be able to come with me,” I
suggested. “There is no reason why you
should not. Even what you have told me
does not debar you. Your life span is such
and such. You must live the full period
allotted to you, either here or in some other
era.”

  There may have been a flaw in my rea-
soning. Perhaps so. Perhaps not. At any
rate she seemed convinced. No doubt she
wished to be convinced. Also I was a man
and she was a woman, not altogether re-
pugnant to each other, and whatever else
had changed, a million years had wrought
but little alteration in the fundamentals of
human nature.

  At least she set to work with an almost
feverish haste. But for my suggestion I
really believe she would have done as the
others, let in the cold of space and die by
her own act, reasoning it was far better to
pass out in a few moments of .exquisite
agony than linger day by day, each day
seeing the thread that bound one to life
grow frailer and thinner until at last it
snapped.

  But I—I flatter myself—gave her some-
thing to live for. Nothing much. Scarcely
AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS

667

a worthy object, no doubt. But there it
was, the human heart being what it is.

  I could not help her. She would not
let me, preferring to work feverishly and
alone. I occupied my time in various ways.
I could not go outside the building in
which we were housed. To do so would
have been to court the frozen death. I had
my camera with me and I had a supply of
films, and I would dearly have liked to
have taken many photos. But I compro-
mised. Some of the television screens were
still functioning; their power had not yet
drained; and by their aid I secured some
photos worth preserving. Whether they
would be credited I could not say. At
least, as records, they were worthwhile to
me alone.

  Daily the red disk of the sun grew more
dim, and daily the cold increased. The
glass surface of the building now was frost-
ed over so that it was opaque. We began
to feel the chill bite of it in our bones.
The power that warmed the building was
running out. Yet I was heartened by Leela’s
anouncement that a few days more would
see the repairs completed. I could have
wished that she would let me help her, but
every time I' broached the subject she re-
fused my offer, saying that it was work that
only one could do, that it was intricate and
that with my lack of knowledge of the sub-
ject 1 would be more of a hindrance than
a help.

  However, I found much to occupy me.
The building itself was a storehouse of
strange appliances. I had wondered quite a
lot since I had arrived why the power that
warmed the building should have lasted so
long after the power seemed to have run
out in the buildings—one might almost call
them cities—that had once been inhabited.
The answer was very simple, it seemed.

  The building was small compared with
those others we had seen on the screens; the
amount required to warm it was not great,
and since it was something in' the nature
of stored solar energy it could be kept un-
used for quite a while. Leela, as a matter
of fact, had started the motors immediate-
ly after our arrival, and only run them at
half-capacity since. Knowing there was no

way of replenishing the supply once it
was exhausted, she had been careful about
that.

  One discovery I made while her work held
her to the machine. In one of the compart-
ments at the furthest end of the building—
one that we seldom went to, since the cold
there was more intense—I discovered a
series of apparatus not unlike the switch-
board of a telephone system; and exploring
further I found head-phones. One day in
an idle hour I put on a head-set, and snap-
pen one switch after another, simply to see
what would happen. Great was my sur-
prise to hear a voice in my ear.

  I nearly dropped the phones in my ex-
citement, then recovered my equanimity as
I realised that I was listening to something
in the nature of a mechanical reproduction,
a phonographic record, or whatever corre-
sponded to it in this age.

MY idle working of the switches had re-
leased one that set the machine in
operation. I listened to the end—a short
record it was—and then Switched back.
Sure enough the voice, metallic and meas-
ured, began all over again. I had paper
and pencil in my pocket and for reasons of
my own I took a transcript in short-hand
of what the voice was saying. That finish-
ed. I looked round the switchboard to see
if there was anything that would show me
where the voice was coming from.

  There was much that I did not under-
stand, but I was able to puzzle out enough
to realize that the record I had heard was
being transmitted from that building we
had first seen in the television screen. Prob-
ably it had been so adjusted that anyone
attempting to .call the place would immedi-
ately set the machinery in motion.

  I went back to Leela in a thoughtful
mood. The moment I reached her I could
see by her face that success had come at
last. She had repaired the machine. We
could start as soon as I liked. The news
decided me to say nothing about my own ex-
perience. Yet on one point I must satisffy
myself before I allowed her to take the
decision.

  “Leela,” I said, “are you prepared to
668

WONDER STORIES

come back with me to my own age, to stay
with me there always, and never know a
life apart from me?”

  She looked at me oddly, I thought.
“Why,” she said, “do you ask that?”

  “Because,” I answered steadily, “I
would not care to think that you were doing
this simply to save me from being maroon-
ed here In time. In the while we have been
together I have grown to think of you as
someone I would not care to have pass out
of ray life again. You have brought some-
thing into it that it had never known be-
fore—love!”

  “And you, too,” she said softly, “have
brought it to me. If I were not going back
with you, I would not care what became
of me. I have failed in what I tried to do;
I have lost all my own world held for me,
and had you not come to make up that loss
for me, I ”

  She did not finish, but said abruptly,
“Let us go before I begin to say foolish
things.”

  We went. I think in one way she was re-
luctant to go, for she shed an odd tear be-
fore she put her hand to the key-bank, and
moved the lever that would bring us back
to this year of grace.

  We arrived on the very spot where we
had taken off. I made a careful calcula-
tion before we ventured out, found that we
had spent two months and three days
away, and satisfied of that we opened the
door and stepped out into the fall sunsljine
of a living world.

  “What will we do with the machine?” I
said, as we turned and stared at it. “It
will be a bit difficult to explain away, won’t
It?”

  “This,” she said, answering my first ques-
tion, ignoring the other.

  I saw then that she held a length of cord
in her hand, and that the other end of it
disappeared into the machine itself. Even
then I did not realize what it was she in-
tended doing. Abruptly she jerked the
cord. It was twitched out of her hand. The
machine itself rocked crazily, seemed to dis-
solve, and before my astonished eyes van-
ished utterly.

  I totok a step forward and caught her by

the arm. “What have you done?” I cricd.

  “Sent it back to my own time,” she said.
“It is better thus. Without it I will not be
tempted

  To do what she would not say.

  That is three years ago. We have been
very happy since. No cloud has marred
the serenity of our lives, yet sometimes I
fancy Leela’s thoughts go back—or for-
ward, if you will—to the days that are yet
to come. It has taken me all that time to
summon up courage to tell her of that last
experience of mine in, what for want of a
better term, I call the telephone room of
the building that was her experimental lab-
oratory. To my surprise she took it better
than I had hoped.

  “They did not think you would return,”

I	told her. “They believed you had failed
and were lost in time. But they prepared
in case you did come back. There is the
chance that they were not dead, that many
of them are but in a state of suspended ani-
mation. There was a new discovery made
while you were away, a drug somewhat sim-
ilar to that we call avertin. It could sus-
pend animation completely over a short
period, but whether its effects would be
lasting over years was problematical.

  “Some of the population were willing to
try at any rate, and were given the drug.
From first to last it was all a pure gamble,
you see. A few of your scientists believed
that the solar system would pass out of the
region of this strange gas—call it that—in
a century or so, but they admitted they
might be wrong. The majority were almost
certain the Earth was doomed. They hoped
that if it was not, that if this was but a
passing phase the warmth of the rejuvenated
sun .would bring life back to those who were
in a state of suspended animation. They
gambled on everything, on the potency of
the drug, its ability to protect against the
inevitable cold, gambled on their hopes that
the sun would once again shine out as be-
fore.

  “Nowhere was there any degree of cer-
tainty, for they were dealing with excep-
tional circumstances, and had nothing on
which to base their calculations, other than
the hopes they had in mind.”
AFTER 1,000,000 YEARS

66?

  “No, I do not blame you,” she repeated
at the end. “You did what you thought was
for the best. Had you told me then, when
my mind was in turmoil, I might have taken
a course that I would have regretted after-
words. No, I do not regret I am here with
you . .. . ”

  But what else she said does not matter.
Nevertheless the fact remains that Leela
has the knowledge and the means to build
another time machine, and, if she will, to
send us travelling again. We have discus-
sed the matter between us without reaching

any definite conclusion. Were we to go
forward again, a century or so ahead of her
day, we might find the world awakened
once more. On the other hand we might
not. It would be more than heart-breaking
to find at last a world locked in a slumber
that had become eternal. While we do not
know for certain we can sustain our minds
with the hope of possibilities ....

  Yet I do not know. Some day we may
decide to build another machine, take the
risk of black disappointment, and solve at
last the enigma that perplexes us both.

THE END.

Again the
    Quarterly Scores!

in bringing to American and English readers
the new full length novel German sensation
“The Cosmic Cloud”
by Bruno H. Burgel

    For the first time this powerful story of the year 3000 will be presented in
English. We have brought this latest of German science fiction successes to Amer-
ica, translated it, and will publish it in

               the Fall Wonder Stories Quarterly
In a style as original as it is thrilling Herr Brugel tells of what may happen
to an earth people a thousand years hence. Suppose that a cosmic disaster were
to strike the earth, the habitable portions of the globe slowly to freeze, and the
source of the disaster to remain with the earth for two thousand years more? And
suppose that science lay helpless and that the only promise of help lay across the
void of space, in the secrets of the now desolate moon? You can see that here is
the basis for a gripping story. And it is!

    We present also the first three stories written upon the basis of the Interplane-
tary Plot Contest announced in the last issue. b

Ray Cummings
has written what he calls “my best story"

                       “The Derelict of Space
a tragedy of time and space upon the first prize winning plot submitted by William
D. Thurmond.

Clark Ashton Smith

has constructed in his own vivid colorful way the grim story of a gargantuan
intellect	“The Planet Entity”

upon the second prize winning plot of E. M. Johnston

A. Rowley Hilliard

has done a masterly job in

“The Interplanetary Exile”

a tale of the conflict of two civilizations written upon Mr. Allen Glasser’s third prize
winning plot.

These stories and other startling interplanetary tales in

the FALL WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

on all newsstands September 15.
Exiles of the Moon

JBu Nathan Schachner and Arthur L. Zagat

(Illustration by Paul)

    They streamed out into the frigid blackness, to gaze long-
ingly at the beautifully serene earth.
What Has Gone Before

¥ T is the year 2240, and Garry Parker is a New |

  York-Berlin rocket pilot. He is in love with Naomi,
daughter of Henry of the Fentons, one of the five
rulers of the earth. Since Garry is one of the billions
of enslaved Workers and Naomi is an Aristocrat—of
the ruling class—they cannot marry. Naomi is being
forced by her father to marry Sadakuchi, son of
Hokusai, another of the five world councillors. By
this alliance, Henry hopes to control a majority in the
world council.

  'Naomi has but a week before her marriage. She
and Garry hope, to effect some plan to evade it. But
Garry returning from a flight is ordered to another
part of the earth. Seeing his plans going astray he
refuses the order and as punishment is ordered to
be sent to an Idler's Colony, a colony of rebel
workers in an uninhabitable part of the earth.

  Naomi learning of this tries to intercede with her
father, but Henry then orders a more drastic pun-
ishment for Garry. He it sent with a load of other
rebel workers to a mysterious island of the Pacific
from which no Workers have returned. Also on the

cargo is Purtell a former chemist.

  The Workers are landed on the Island, which has
been supplied with the almost extinct cows, and soil
for farming. The Workers have presumably been
condemned to earn their own sustenance here. Garry
is elected their leader against the opposition of Jerie
Farr. He ascends the top of the Island mountain to
investigate it and discovers a crater filled with »
poisonous gas—the level rapidly rising. He realizes
now that the Workers are to be snuffed out when the
gas overflows into their settlement.

  At the suggestion of Naomi, who has stolen into
the expedition, they strip the cows of their hides and
build coracles to paddle to the Island of Levis, miles
away, where there is a detachment of police. They
overwhelm the police, and steal a rocket liner. The
gas is found to be a catalyzer for oxygen and a voy-
age to the moon is deemed possible with it. Because
they are outlawed on earth, the exiles set off for the
moon. On the way Dore Swithin, one of the men,
is blown unprotected into space and Garry putting on
a space suit goes out after him.

Now Go On With the Story

GARRY swore at himself. What twenty
different kinds of a fool was he not to
have thought of a pocket ray-director! How
was he going to find Dore, when split sec-
onds might mean death from horrible stran-
gulation?

  And if he himself remained out here an
hour or so, the glacial space-cold would
get him. The chemical heat units had noj
been installed in the space suits. All be-
cause he had not thought of the ray-direc-
tor!

  Already he had lost all sense of direc-
tion. Dore might be within arm’s length,
yet he might as well have been light years
away. Any move he would make might
propel him irrevocably away from the doom-
ed man.

  What a dilemma to be in! Here he was,
floating in airless space, feeling no weight,
not quite sure whether he was topsy turvy
or upright. He was seemingly at rest, yet
in reality streaking along at a speed far in
excess of the fastest bullet. What was he
to do?

  He awoke from his inaction—set his teeth
together with a snap. Find Swithin, of
course. After that—

  He snapped up the recoil pistol attached
to the suit and squeezed the trigger. Only
a certain tension followed by a feeling of
relaxation told him he had moved for there
was no air to resist his passage. He might
just as well have been a disembodied spirit.

  For what seemed hours he moved about
by the recoil shots, becoming agonized in
his desperate anxiety. Something cried
within him—Dore must be dead by now—
give up—turn around—try and save your-
self.

A Race With Time

BUT an indomitable will carried him on.
He must locate Dore first. As for turn-
ing around—which way was around?

  What was that? His enclosed hand, en-
countered something! His heart gave a
great bound! Was it Swithin? Frenziedly
he grasped at the obstruction. His hand
slid around it. Unmistakably the body of
a man! A moment of fierce exultation, fol-
lowed by realization. The hody was limp,
inert. Dore was dead!

  Nevertheless he clutched the invisible
corpse. It was easy to move—both of them
were comparatively weightless.

  Breathing a fervent prayer, Garry shot
his way toward the ship’s bulk.

  His free hand struck an obstacle. It was
the ship! He screamed in sudden hyster-
ical relief. He had not realized how close
his nerves had been to snapping. Now re-
newed strength flowed through him.

  Holding Swithin’s body in a tight' em-
brace he edged his way along, until, with
a great sob of thankfulness, he found the
edge of the open air-lock. Painfully he

671
672

WONDER STORIES

dragged himself through, fumbled for the
cold light switch, pressed it. The walls
sprang into a steady luminosity. He swift-
ly shut the side behind him, sprang through
the chamber, slid open the inner door, and
fell headlong into the bright light of the
hold, safe at last!

  The shouting, jostling, excited Workers
crowded around him, almost overwhelmed
him in their welcoming rush.

  A slender figure
darted forth from the
milling mob, threw
herself upon his en-
closed form. It was
Naomi! Tears stream-
ed from her eyes as
6he called upon him:

“Garry darling, oh my
dear! Is it really,
truly you? I can’t be-
lieve it. Thank God
you were spared!”

  Garry could not hear
her tremulous words,
but he guessed the im-
port of her moving
lips. A wave of warmth
glowed over him for
this beautiful, erst-
while proud Aristocrat.

  Then he started. The
deathly pale swollen
face of Dore Swithin
stared up at him with
closed eyes. Fever-
ishly he worked at his
helmet. Purty was
plunging through the
crowd like a battering
ram, his freckled face
agleam with unalloy-
ed delight. “Glory be,
you made it, Garry!”

He turned fiercely at
the pushing people.

THE second installment
of this extraordinary
story brings us to some of
its most stirring phases.
We have seen a brave band
of men, on the way to the
moon, to find a haven there
from the death or enslave-
ment that awaited them on
earth.

   They are going to an air-
 less, lifeless world where
 they must find a means of
 sustenance for themselves
 —air, food, protection from
 the extremes of tempera-
 ture.

  Our authors do not at-
 tempt to gloss over the
 tremendous difficulties that
 the exiles will face. They
 have written, so far as we
 know, the first story of a
 colonization of the moon,
 with its hardships por-
 trayed in a pitiless light.

   It is quite possible that
 in the future, such an at-
 tempt at colonization may
 be made. And when that
 time comes, the same ob-
 stacles must be faced as
 will confront our uexiles of
 the moon

pallor, his limpness. “Poor fellow!” he
said softly, “he’s dead.”

   Garry had ripped off his helmet, flung
it aside. For a brief moment he held Naomi
close to him, then he too gazed sadly at his
loyal comrade.

   “Did all I could to save him, but it was
too late.”

   “I know you did, Garry,” Bill protested
warmly.

   “How long was I out
there. It must have
been almost an hour,
eh?”

   Purty stared at him
as though he had gone
out of his mind. “Al-
most an hour?” he
echoed, “say man, are
you crazy? You’ve
been gone exactly—”,
he snapped his wrist
chronometer, “you’ve
been gone exactly four
minutes!”

  “What?” Garry
sprang forward, seiz-
ed Bill’s wrist with fin-
gers that dug painful-
ly, “say that again!”
“Hey, what are you
trying to do, break my
arm? Let go, feller.
What do you want?*’
Garry dropped the
offending hand, but in-
sisted fiercely. “Swear
it was only four min-
utes !”

Somewhat taken
aback at his partner’s
strange demeanor, Bill
nodded. “Yeah, so
help me—”

But Garry listened

Get back, all of you, no further. He snatched Dore’s lifeless form

stop shoving, or I’ll haul off and hit you from Purty’s arms, disregarded the startled

 one.” The Workers pressed back hastily.

 Bill took the inanimate figure away from
 his chief.

 His brow clouded at the sight of Swithin’s

  protest. There was the flame of a new hope
  in his eyes, his voice held an exultant ring.

 “Quick, to the ship’s hospital. Help me
 with him. We’ll save him yet!”

 Bill was sure now his chief was crazy,
EXILES OF THE MOON

673

but Garry gave him no time to voice his
thought. He slung the lifeless man over
his shoulder, flying through the ship. His
ungainly suit impeded him somewhat. But
Purty had caught up to him, snatched at
Dore’s legs, and they were off in a wild
scramble against time, a disordered stream
of Workers behind them, curious, yet not
knowing quite what it was all about.

  silence. The color was flushing back into
the while cheeks, the line of heart action
had smoothed out to a steady even pacing,
then a little groan that forced its way
through blue lips. Dore was alive!

  Garry and Purty quickly stopped the
machine, unstrapped their comrade. His
eyes had closed, he.^as not yet conscious,
but the moans came with increasing fre-
quency.

  There were no doctors among the Work-
ers, but several of the women had been
nurses. They came forward now and took
command of the situation with some of their
old imperiousness. Ordering everyone out
of the hospital, they went deftly about their

ministratio n s
of the man re-
turned from
the dead.

  The exited
crowd milled
into the main

cargo space.
Naomi turned
to her lover,
adoring, yet
puzzled.

 “I know
you’ve just ac-
complished a
mirac u 1 o u s
thing, but how

was it possi-
NATHAN SCHACHNER ble? jt is in_

concei v a b 1 e

that Swithin could have existed in the abso-
lute zero of open space for an instant. Yet
he did! How?”

  Garry nodded in somewhat satisfied fash-
ion. He looked around at his comrades, and
the same question was written large on every
face.

  Speaking ostensibly to Naomi, he yet ad-
dressed the larger audience. It was time to
explain.

  “You remember when I first said we
could live on the moon, you were doubt-
ful? And some of my friends here were
openly sceptical.”

  Cries of “That’s true!” burst about him.

“Well!” he continued, “Poor Swithin has

WHEN they reached the hospital bay,
Garry dived straight for the release
lever of the pulmotor-reviver. The intri-
cate apparatus slid out from its concealed
storage place. Working frantically, aided
b) Bill^who had caught the idea by this
time, they laid
t h e pallid,
bre a t h 1 e s s
body on the
flat base,
strapped i t
down, clamp- ,
ed the oxygen
cap into posi-
tion over the
mouth and
nose, started
the machine.

  As it heav-
ed into action,
the pair step-
ped back,
bre a t h 1 e s s ARTHUR L. ZAGAT
with anxiety.

Naomi darted to Garry’s side, squeezed his
arm with a fierce pressure. The hospital
bay filled with awed Workers, all eyes glued
to the prone figure that was being worked
on by the machine.

  Minutes passed, and still the congested,
mottled body was lifeless. Despair settled
slowly on the watchers, but Garry refused
to give up hope. He kept the reviver in ac-
tion, searching ceaselessly for the first
semblance of life.

  At last he was rewarded. A little flicker
of the pallid eyelid, a faintly etched quiver
on the cardiograph chart that showed the
heart had resumed its functioning. A great
cheer went up. Garry held up his hand for
674

WONDER STORIES

proved my theories more dramatically and
more effectively in the four minutes he spent
outside than all my lecturing and figures
could have done in a year. Listen!”

  His audience crowded closer about him,
eager to drink in every word.

  “We know that interstellar space is prac-
tically a vacuum, and frigid with a temper-
ature of not more than two or three degrees
above the absolute zero. We know what
would happen to a man’s finger if he thrust
it into one of our tanks of liquid oxygen,
which is much higher in temperature. It
would freeze solid almost instantly, and
become so brittle it could be broken into
little bits. Naturally it was assumed then
that the same thing would happen to a hu-
man being subjected to the terrific ct^cl of
space.

  “However, that is not so, as we have just
seen. Heat may be lost by a body in three
ways, by conduction, by convection, and by
radiation.” He paused for a moment to let
this sink in.

  “Now radiation is the only method by
which a body can cool off in a vacuum, such
as exists in interstellar space. And loss of
heat by this method is very slow. Just think
of the old ‘Thermos’ bottles. The thin shell
of vacuum enclosed by their double skins
of glass was found to be an almost perfect
non-conductor of heat. Liquids could be
kept warm for forty-eight hours in them,
since the only way the contents could lose
heat was by radiation. The amount of loss
can be readily calculated from known laws
of thermodynamics. I have found it would
take over an hour for a human being ot
lose sufficient heat by radiation so that life
could not be sustained.*

       CHAPTER XIII.
       Nearing the Moon

HE paused dramatically. “Swithin was
not frozen when I brought him in. He
was suffocated, almost dead, because for
four minutes he had no air to breathe! And
the internal pressure of his body accustomed
to atmospheric pressure almost killed him.
Fortunately he has survived.”

  “That’s wonderful!” Naomi breathed. She
had been a rapt listener. “But how will
this enable us to live on the moon? Sup-
pose we do manage to exist for an hour or
so after we land, what good will that do
us?”

  Fearful nods from the encircling Work-
ers showed their utter agreement.

  “Simply this,” Garry explained. “We
shall have to use our space suits of course,
both for maintenance of needed pressure
and for oxygen to breadie. We’ll land, if
we can, on the dark side of the moon. There
conditions approximate that of outer space
—no air, and almost absolute zero temper-
ature. On the bright side, we’d be broiled
alive by the fierce heat of the sun. Now,
since the heat loss is so small, about one de-
gree Fahrenheit every ten minutes, the chem-
ical heaters in our suits, could very easily
offset this loss.

  “Then all that would be necessary would
be for us to dig ourselves into underground,
air sealed shelters as fast as possible, and
arrange for heating and air supply.”

  A little murmur of dismay broke from the
assemblage. “Not a very pleasant outlook
for us,” Rade Perrin interjected, voicing
the general thought.

  “You’re quite right,” Garry agreed with
a shrug. “But it’s the best in sight. Back
on our own earth we’re outlaws, condemned
to death.”

- /

*In order to calculate just how long man could lire
in the absolute zero of space (if he had air to breathe),
Parker assumed that the average human weighs 150
lbs., possesses a surfaoo area of 20 square feet, and
that a drop in internal body temperature of 10°P.
would be sufficient to cause duath.

   If we consider man's body to be an ideal radiator,
the thermodynamic formula applying is:

  B.T.U. per hour radiation per square foot is
16x10—J* (Tl*—T2‘) where B.T.U. are British Ther-
mal Units, unit of heat measurement.

  T1 is tho absolute temperature of tho human body,
or 5599F.

   T2 is the absolute zero of space.

  Making the necesary substitutions, we find there
would be radiated 160 B.T.U. per hour per squaro
foot, or for 20 square feet of surface, 3200 B.T.U.

  Since rate of radiation is an inverso function of
mass, for man’s weight of 150 pounds, divide by
150. Then by 60, to obtain result expressed in min-
utes.

  The result indicates a loss of 1/3°P. per minute.
But man's body is by no means an ideal radiator;
in fact it is almost three times as slow.

   To apply our results to man, we obtain 1/99F. loss
per minute.

   Now a loss in body temperature of 10°F. is fatal,
whereby it is readHy seen that, man could exist in
the cold outer space without heating aids for 90
minutes before succumbing.

   We have not taken into consideration the fact that
the constant generation of heat within the human
body might not help to offset this small loss, thus
extending the time limit.
EXILES OF THE MOON

675

  Jeris Farr inched his way forward. He
had been keeping discreetly in the back-
ground since his attempt to wreck the
flight, but the manifest discontent of the
Workers with the drab uninviting future
emboldened him.

  “You see, comrades,” he declaimed in his
gruff, pseudo-hearty manner, “it’s just what
I’d been telling you. You’re dupes, that’s
what you are. A pretty life a(iead for us
all, isn’t it?” He laughed scornfully. “Live
under ground like moles all your lives, never
a breath of fresh air, nor a sight of the
heavens; we’d be better off dead, that’s what
we’d be. I for one am in favor of turning
back, giving in to Sadakuchi. He promised
us mercy if we gave up those three.”

  He pointed at Garry, Naomi, and Bill
Purtell. A rising murmur accompanied his
outburst; it would take but little to trans-
late it into revolt.

  Purty saw and heard. He stepped into
instant action. His long hairy arm shot
out, caught Jeris by the scruff of the neck.
He addressed his victim incisively, punctu-
ating his remarks with vigorous shakes..

  “Listen, feller, we’ve had enough from
you. You’re going back, all right, but all
alone! Out the air-lock for yours, and
there’ll be no rescue act this time, either.”
With that, he started to drag the strug-
gling Jeris through the astounded Workers.

  “Hold on there, Bill,” Garry commanded.
“No rough stuff.”

  Purty paused disgustedly. “Jt’s your fun-
eral if you don’t throw him out. I told you
he’s due to make trouble as long as he’s
alive.”

  A few of the workers stepped forward
quietly, ranged themselves alongside. Loyal
men all of them! Rade Perrin, Brad Quin-
lrn, and others of their kind.

  Brad spoke up. “We’re with you, Mr.
Parker. We know what awaits us back on
earth. We’ll go to the moon, or to Mars,
if necessary, where at least we can be free
men, and alive. Of course it won’t be a
bed of roses, but we’ll make the best of
it. As for Jeris Farr,” he turned a look
of cold contempt on that individual, “it
would be wiser to do with him as Mr. Pur-
tell suggests.”

  “Thanks Brad,” Garry responded grate-
fully. “I knew I could count on you, and
the others. But we’re not killing anyone,
we’ll leave that to the Aristocrats back
home.”

  Bill released his captive reluctantly.
Jeris made off as fast as possible, fearful
that Garry or Purty would change his mind.

GARRY dismissed the incident with a
gesture. “That’s that! Now for more
important matters.

  “Every one to his post. We’re fast ap-
proaching the zone of the moon’s attraction.
.Within a few hours we’ll have to employ all
our skill to avoid a horrible smash-up. Our
plane wings will be useless. Remember,
men, if any one neglects in the slightest,
the tasks assigned to him, it may mean the
death of us all.”

  Garry’s grave voice shocked the mutter-
ing malcontents into silence. Without a
word they hastened to their posts.

  “I don’t think we’ll have any more trou-
ble now,” Bill remarked. “You’ve scared
them plenty.”

  “It’s the truth, though,” Garry answered
soberly. “Any slip up, and we’re through.
I hope I’ll be able to manage it.”

  “You will, darling, I know you will,”
Namoi cried impulsively.

  “Maybe,” Garry shook his head doubt-
fully. “Well, it’s no use worrying about
it. Let’s get back into the control room,
and get busy.”

  Through the periscopes the moon, a vast
gleaming disk immediately below them, was
visibly rushing up to meet them. Garry
rapped out a perfect barrage of orders. For-
ward rockets were fired in searing blasts to
check their mad drop.

  At three thousand miles from the surface,
the starboard rockets were let loose in con-
tinuous bursts. The great liner swerved in
its course, slanted athwart the moon’s sur-
face.

  “Can’t check ourselves fast enough to
land in a perpendicular drop,” Garry ex-
plained.

. Around the moon they swept, in a vast
concentric spiral, dropping closer and closer
on each circling. The third complete cir-
676

WONDER STORIES

cumnavigation brought them within five
hundred miles of the craggy, volcanic crust.
The forward rockets were brought into play,
in tiny staccato bursts. Garry dared not
use full power, as the ship would be instant-
ly clothed in sheets of flame. Anxiously he
watched the heat indicators. It was getting
very warm inside, but it was bearable. The
outer sheathing was an excellent insulator.

  At fifty miles up, the speed had dropped
to five hundred miles an hour. Garry
changed the direction of their flight.

  “We’ll land rear of the South Pole,” he
told them.

  A hasty glance at the dials. “Everybody
into his hammock. Strap in!” he shouted.
He swung himself into the oscillating net
near the instruments, made sure Naomi and
Bill were safely ensconced, heard the last
‘Ready’ report, shouted “Now!” and pulled
the lever that opened the forward and under
rockets full blast.

  A violent concussion shook the ship,
blinding flashes pierced into the chamber
through the open periscopes, and the next
moment there was a terrific crash. Stunned
and shaken, Garry’s first thought was for
Naomi. She was already unstrapping her-
self, pale but smiling.

  Bill got up slowly, and grinned rueful-
ly. “Must have swallowed a few teeth. So
we’ve landed on the moon, eh? The least
the inhabitants could have done was to
have provided a few cushions.”

  “Come on,” Naomi cried eagerly. “Let’s
get out and explore. I just can’t wait to see
our new home.” Her cheeks were flushed,
her black eyes were dancing. She was like
a little girl in her enthusiasm. To Garry’s
enraptured eyes she was even more beautiful
than ever. The last traces of the Aristocrat’s
hauteur had disappeared.

  “Hold on,” he laughed at her happiness,
“we can’t just step out, you know. There are
preparations to be made.”

  “Hurry them up then,” she demanded.
“Remember, this is to be our home, our
home, Garry!” Her eyes were pools of ten-
derness.

  Garry yearned to her. “And you are npt
sorry? Remember, it will be quite differ-

ent from what we all, and especially you,
have been accustomed to.

  Naomi stopped his mouth with a warm
palm. “I don’t want to hear any more,”
she cried, “we’ve gone over that before.”

  Purty was waxing impatient. “Hey, you
two love birds, wake up. There’s work
ahead.”

The First Exploration

IGHTO!” Both were all contrition.

  JLVOut of the control room they ran,
to be met by a wildly excited, laughing, cry-
ing mob. Gone were the animosities, the
grumblings, the fears that had permeated
the heterogeneous group. All were eager
for the great adventure, for a first glimpse
of their new home. Jeris Farj only, and two
of his cronies, with dour faces held them-
selves aloof on the outer fringe.

  “Are the space suits all in order?” Garry
demanded of Rade.

  ‘There they are, numbered for each in-
dividual, oxygen apparatus adjusted chem-
ical heaters set for slow combustion.” He
pointed to the neatly arranged tiers of the
suits.

“Good. We’ll make up a little party of
exploration to test out the terrain. Pur-

•	tell9 and you, Perrin.” Garry, Bill and
Perrin got into their space suits. The last
helmet was tightened into position. Garry
had inserted communication disks so that
they would be able to talk to each other.
The chemical combustors were adjusted for
slow heat. The oxygen supply would last
for six hours. Heavy lead weights were
attached to their feet to counteract the les-
sened gravity pull. Everyone crowded about
them, wishing them luck, offering advice.
Garry looked around. He did not see Na-
omi.

“Where’s Naomi?” he asked anxiously.

  “Here I am,” a merry voice answered. He
whirled and found her standing directly in
back of him, ungainly in a space suit.

  “What’s this?” he questioned her in
amazement.

  Her happy laugh was triumphant. “Just
that I’m going along too. A Fenton never
stays behind.”
EXILES OF THE MOON

677

  “But—” Garry started to object.

  “ ’S no use, feller,” Purty’s gruff voice
reached him, “these gals are alj alike, Aris-
tocrats or Workers. Once they make up
their minds, you might as well save your
breath. There’s no argument. I know the
symptoms.”

  “Thank you, Mr. Purtell, for recognizing
the inevitable,” Naomi flashed at him.

  “Very well then,” Garry interrupted,
“you’re coming. But please remember to
be careful.” He raised his voice. “Every-
thing in order?”	v
“Right!”

  He stepped into the air-lock, the others
trailing behind. The door closed behind;
a pull at the lever, and the outer seal yawn-
ed.

  Out they stepped on the surface of the
satellite, awed and a bit fearful, the first
people to ever stand on that desolate orb.

  A strange scene waited their amazed eyes.
Their weighted feet crunched into a soft,
icrumbly, pumice-like material. All about
them was heavy, palpable blackness. Over-
head a greater moon — the Earth — rode
queenlike and myriad stars pricked the
mantle of black. Garry could easily pick
out his companions in the luminous earth-
shine.

  But what brought an exclamation to his
lips was a glare of dazzling white immedi-
ately to the left, not more than five hundred
yards away, so dazzling that it blinded his
eyes. Beyond, the light stretched intermin-
ably away. Little cries of astonishment
broke from the others.

  For a perfectly definite line of demarca-
tion, the terminator,* separated the bril-
liant area from the blackness, a line that
stretched undeviating north and south as
far as the eye could see. There was 110 blur,
no shadow, in that amazing division.

  “That we’re in luck,” he replied happily.
“We couldn’t possibly have made a better
landing. That glare over yonder is from

*	Since there is no atmosphere on the moon to hold
heat and diffuse light, the demarcation between the
glaring light and boiling heat of day, and the impen-
etrable dark and frigid cold of night is a distinct
and sharp line. This is called the terminator, _ and
moves completely around the orb of the moon in a
terrestrial month. In the vicinity of the pole, day
and night would alternate within a range of only
a few miles.

the sunlight. We’re on the night side of the
moon. For approximately fifteen days we
will be in darkness, then the sun will pay us
a visit.”

  “What’ll we do then,” Bill spoke up,
“stew in our own juice?”

  “If we stay here,” Garry agreed. “But
that’s why I chose the S^uth Pole for a
landing. The area of day, of light and heat,
is comparatively narrow. All we’ll have to
do is shift over a few miles, and be on the
night side again.”

  “Fine business,” Purty retorted ironical-
ly. “We’ll be—what did they call ’em—
Bedouins of the Moon,—fold up our tents
regularly every fifteen days and unpack
again.”

      •

       H, the chances are we’ll find plenty
V-/ of caverns around here. We’re not
so far from Tycho, you know. Then we
can dig in, and hibernate during the long
day. But no use discussing that now! Let’s
get a look around.”

  With ray-beams that sent a powerful
gleam over their surroundings, they moved
carefully over the crumbly ground.

  It was a wild weird landscape that the
flash picked out. Great towering crags jut-
ted unimaginably high in the pale earth-
shine, huge massy rocks were tumbled in
indescribable confusion as though a race of
giants had heaved segments of forgotten
planets at each other; while under foot was
the yielding pumice in which they bogged.
And always, beyond the terminator, was a
dazzle that seared the eyes.

  Garry warned his companions to keep
close to him. He proceeded warily toward
a beetling cliff that sprang sheer from the
disheveled plain. Perhaps there at the base,
he would find what he was looking for.

  Suddenly, Rade Perrin stumbled and al-
most fell. He uttered a cry. The others
came hurrying over, alarmed.

  “Look at this,” he said, turning his ray-
beam downward.

  A gleaming white marble-like surface
sprang into the illuminated area. Rade
swung his beam back and forth, disclos-
ing the extent of the white substance to be
about fifty yards across. North and south,
678

WONDER STORIES

however, no matter how far he threw the
rays, the gleam of white continued.

  “This must be one of the mysterious rays
that radiate from Tycho. Earth scientists
have been puzzled to explain them. Maybe
you can tell us something, Purty.”

  “Maybe,” he grunted, bending close to
the strange white material. He examined it
closely, playing his ray-beam over its struc-
ture.

  “That’s queer,” he straightened up final-
ly. “I’ve never seen stuff like this on earth.
It has the hardness and polish of marble,
yet it actually is a sponge-like material, hon-
eycombed with tiny cells. I’d like to take a
sample of it back to the ship—it looks in-
teresting.”

  “On our way back”, Garry remarked,
“We’ve got to find some place we can dig
in, if it’s possible!”

  They crossed the glimmering white path,
plodded heavily through the dusty pumice
toward the high craggy overhang that was
their goal.

  A great welter of rock awaited them, pil-
ed high in confusion. A jagged gash in the
crag showed where the tumbled boulders
had split off and crashed down. The aval-
anche might have occurred unimaginable
ages ago or but yesterday—there was no tell-
irg.

  “Hello!” Rade’s flash picked out a gleam
of white in the mass of riven debric. “Here’s
some more of those Tycho rays.”

  “That’s funny!” Bill announced, “I
thought they went in straight lines. How’d
it get over here?”

  “They do,” Garry agreed. “Must be an-
other one that kept on its course over the
top of the cliff, and the avalanche smashed
it up, dropping segments down here.”

  A faint shout called their attention to
Naomi, who had-been climbing in and out
of the giant heap with utter diseregard of
the risk of the whole delicate balance col-
lapsing.

  “Come here, quick, all of you!” Her voice
was alive with excitement.

  Following the reflected flare of her ray-
beam, they dived through a series of inter-
stices, Garry racing in the lead. Had Naomi

been caught somewhere within under a fallen
rock?

  To his unutterable relief, he came upon
her in a natural chamber caused by over-
arching boulders, alive and unhurt. She
beckoned to him impatiently, pointed a wav-
ering beam at a smooth round hole in what
was evidently the side of the cliff.

  “Garry, Garry, that hole—it’s artificial;
nature never smoothed anything like that.”

  By now Bill and Rade had hurried up,
and they all stared. The orifice was some
fifty feet across, absolutely circular, and
angled off abruptly into the bowels of the
cliff, so that their beams could not pene-
trate very far. Segments of the peculiar
white material were scattered in profusion
over the base of the passageway.

  Garry shook his head sceptically. “It’s
impossible. There’s no life on the moon.
It’s just a natural freak; there are plenty
of similar examples back on the earth.”

  “I’m sure it was made by intelligent be-
ings,” Naomi insisted, “and I’m going to
find out.”

  Without more ado she darted forward, a
strange figure in her ballooning space suit,
and in the instant way flying down the pas-
sageway.

  “Come back,” Garry shouted in alarm.
But there was no answer. Naomi had dis-
appeared as though the moon had swallow-
ed her up.

  With one accord, the men raced after her,
Garry muttering to himself at the head-
strong, wilful girl he loved.

       CHAPTER XIV.
       Into the Depths

DOWN the black cavity they plunged,
down an ever steeper incline. The
shattered white blocks littering the slope
started from underneath their feet in a lit-
tle avalanche, all the more terrifying be-
cause it was soundless.

  Garry halted his wild plunging, shouted
in his disk for the others to do the same. Be-
neath his helmet his face was gray with
fear.

  “Good God, we’ll kill her if we’re not
EXILES OF THE MOON

679

careful.” He raised his voice and cried
again and again. “Naomi! Naomi!” But
no answer came back to him; only the
frightful silence of the airless moon, in
which his labored breathing was magnified a
hundred fold.

  Perrin’s voice came to him, strained and
thin. “I’m going after her, Mr. Parker. I
can’t stand here like this when maybe she is
suffering somewhere below, trappfed. God!”
And off he went, while there "flashed through
Garry’s agonized thoughts: “That boy, he’s
in love with Naomi!”

  But all he said was: “Watch those rocks;
don’t start them sliding again.”

  With infinite care they picked their way
down the descending path. The ray-beams
flashed from smooth black arching walls,
flecked with tiny iridescences.

  “Say, Garry,” Purty’s voice resounded in
his helmet, “Naomi was right—nature never
turned a trick like this.”

  But Garry did not heed. Where was
Naomi herself? That was the most pressing
matter in the universe to him just now.

  Far ahead a gleam of light flickered ir*
regularly against a black surface, and was
instantly swallowed up in the blackness.
Garry’s heart gave a great heave.

  “Naomi!” he shouted again, and strained
to listen. Was he mistaken, was it merely
the echoing of his hammering pulse, or was
it really Naomi’s voice, weak, far-off? There
it was again—“Help, help!” as though it
came from a distant planet.

  Rade had heard too, for Garry could hear
his sudden exclamation, as he shot reckless-
ly ahead. Down, ever down, they slid and
fell and tumbled. Naomi’s voice was still-
ed, there was no further sound! Suddenly
the ray-beams flashed against a basalt wall,
barring further progress.

  Garry saw the yawning irregular gap
first, screamed a warning. Purty pulled up
in time, but Rade could not ’ stop himself.
He slithered down to the edge, tried to re-
cover his equilibrium, could not. His hands
went up and the next moment he catapulted
into the unknown.

  Garry’s flesh crawled as he ran to the
brim, flashed the ray-beam into the fear-
some depths. Purty was talking desperate-

ly. “Keep a stiff upper lip, old boy. They’re
both all right; I’ll bet an old hat on that.”
But Garry’s voice was strained, unbeliev-
ing. “My God, Bill, look!”

  Purty leaned over, and gave a great
whoop. “Holy cats, what a place!” Their
beams flashed feverishly over the smooth
floor of a huge cavern, sixty feet below,
seeking, yet dreading the answer.

  A faint moan came up to them; then an-
other. •*

  “They’re alive,” Garry went wild with de-
light, just as the moving oval of light il-
luminated two faintly stirring bodies, ly-
ing close to each other.

  “I’m going down for them, Bill. You
wait up here for me.” v

  “Sez you!” Bill promptly retorted. “You
do nothing without little Purty, see! It’s
you and me both together or not at all. But
how, may I ask you, brother, are we climb-
ing down without breaking our fool necks?
,We’d better hotfoot it back to the ship and
get a coil of rope.”

THERE seemed force to his argument.
Sixty feet to hard stone seemed
fraught with dire consequences. There was
no way of descending safely; they were
peering down through what seemed the roof
of a vast underground chamber. Below,
scattered in profusion, were jagged blocks
of the omnipresent white ray material.

  Garry did not bother to answer such ir-
refutable logic. Instead, he sat himself
down, and began divesting the shoes of his
space suit of the heavy lead soles that had
been placed there to weight them down.

  Purty goggled through his helmet in
growing amazement. “Hey, what’s the big
idea? Gone crazy, or something. Here’s
your girl down there hurt, and Rade too, and
you start undressing.”

  “Be a good fellow, and go back to the
ship for the rope. I told you Pm going
down.”

  Bill shook his helmet decisively. “Hell
no! If you’ve gone crazy, I’m the red-
headed lad that’s your keeper. I’m un-
dressing too!”

  IWith that he proceeded clumsily to un-
screw his own shoe plates. Garry hesitat-
680

WONDER STORIES

ed, looked down again at the drop, saw
<Naomi trying to lift her head, and made up
his mind. It could be chanced. It would
be better if Bill went back for the rope,
but he knew his man too well to press the
point.

  “Listen Purty,” he told him, “we’ll just
jump down. It’s easy.”

  Bill looked with an air of resignation at
the distance separating them from the bot-
tom. “Yeah, and so is dropping down the
elevator chute from Level Four to Level
One. All right,” he heaved himself to his
feet. “Let’s go!”

  A startled yell broke from him. He had
soared straight up from the ground, smack*
ed the top of his helmet with a dangerous
crash against the roof of the tunnel, and
dropped lightly back to the ground.

  “That’s the answer,” Garry permitted him-
self the ghost of a smile. “Without weights
we can jump six feet to one on earth—her®
goes.”

  Without more ado he poised on the brink,
and jumped. Purty, who had been inef-
fectually trying to get at his bruised head,
ran to the edge, flashed his beam. Garry
was bfending over Naomi, helping her up.
Bill launched himself into the cavity, felt
himself dropping slowly, landing on his
feet with only a jar.

  Both Naomi and Rade were up now, bruis-
ed and shaken, but otherwise uninjured. It
had been the unexpected shock of the fall
that had done most of the damage.

  Garry was expostulating with Naomi for
her recklessness, but she was not listening.

   “It’s true,” she cried. “We’ve fallen right
into the midst of a moon civilization. Look,
isn’t it wonderful?”

  And as their rays illuminated the great
underground cavern, even Garry forgot his
annoyance in the overwhelming awe. Fully
half a square mile it stretched, the ground
smooth and hard as a ballroom floor, a
great vaulting arch soaring dizzily overhead,
intricately carved with queer intertwining
coils and strange protuberances.

  “I wonder what they represent?” Rade
asked.

  “We’ll soon see,” Garry answered, point-
ing to the near wall. A huge implanted

circular disk gleamed redly under the im-
pact of the rays. “That must be a door to
some other cavern.”

  He strode swiftly over, in long, light
bounds, Purty soaring awkwardly behind
him, unable as yet to adjust himself to his
lessened weight. Rade and Naomi, how-
ever, their shoes still lead-soled, walked
normally.

  Closely they examined the red plate,
pounded on it, heaved. It refused to budge.
Purty leaned against the wall, panting light-
ly in disgust. Suddenly the disk slid up
with a smooth, silent rush that almost threw
him off balance. He had touched off a hid-
den spring somewhere.

  As they stepped over the threshold into
the unknown, a simultaneous sigh exhaled
as one breath from the little party. They
were rooted to the spot they stood on, un-
able to move!

  A soft green illumination emanated from
the involuted arches, the curving walls, the
tesselated floor of this marvelous sublunar
chamber. Vast and spacious it was, with
fluted columns and soaring fantastic tracer-
ies that expanded into spiral whorls before
joining the lofty carven roof.

  But save for a fleeting glimpse, no one
heeded the strange architectural designs. All
eyes were drawn irresistibly to a welter of
figures lying in distorted postures over the
green-tinged expanse of floor. Strange crea-
tures, unimaginably different!

The Moon Men!

AWED beyond speech, they gathered be-
fore the nearest of the queerly sprawl-
ed moon people, and stared at the dead re*
presentatives of an alien race. A green
giant, whose head was a perfect sphere, from
which stared, unwinking, a circling band of
a myriad violet sunken pits. Eyes, Garry
decided. Nothing else on the smooth sphere,
except at the top, a torn and shattered mem-
brane that disclosed beneath a hard green
oval.

  The body was covered by a scaly sub^
stance, set in numerous squares, while di-
rectly in the middle, a funnel-shaped ori-
fice led into the interior. Probably a mouth
EXILES OF THE MOON

681

for direct inception of food into the stom-
ach, he surmised. There were no arms or
legs; but projecting at spaced intervals all
over the round torso were sucker-like pads
Doubtless the moon-man progressed by suc-
tion grips aided by a peristaltic motion. An
incredible being!

  And there were thousands of them, piled
in great heaps, scattered singly and in
groups, their rotundities twisted and warp-
ed as though they had died in frightful
agony. And on every one, without excep-
tion, the membraneous tissue was ripped and
torn, with the flapped remnants turned out-
wards.

  Purty broke the ghastly silence, his words
in strange contrasts to his usual exuber-
ance.

  “We have found a people on the moon,
a strange inhuman people, a race that pos-
sessed a civilization, and we find them dead!
Why? When were they destroyed, and
what did it?”

  Garry started out of his bemusement.
“The very questions I was putting to my-
self,” he acknowledged. “It is easy to re-
construct some of their history—the early
part—but after that—I don’t know. No
doubt they once lived on the surface; in an
earlier time when the moon was young, pos-
sessed of an enveloping atmosphere and per-
haps a moderate temperature.

  “Then, for some unknown reason, the life-
giving blanket was dispersed, used up, de-
stroyed, and the moon assumed its present
airless, lifeless state.

  “The moon race must have had sufficient
warning, for they prepared against'the day.
They constructed these vast underground
chambers,—possibly there are thousands of
them within the bowels of the globe— and
retreated into them.

  “Then something struck them—something
they had no knowledge of, or could not
guard against—and they died, in one uni-
versal cataclysm.”

  “Sounds logical,” Purty admitted, “but
then that means that they had. to have a
supply of oxygen for these retreats.”

  “No question about it. But that would
be easy for a race of the high civilization
evidenced here.”

  “Then there should be air in here now,”
Naomi interjected. She had been follow-
ing the discussion very closely. “This cham-
ber seems to have been sealed airtight.”
Garry shook his head. “There is none.
Look!” He turned his ray beam straight
up. “You see where the circle of light im-
pacts on the green radiance of the roof. But
there is no path of light through the med-
ium to it, as there would be if there were
air. No, this place is absolutely airless.
The very preservation of these bodies for
God knows how many ages indicates that.”
“But why?” she insisted. “What hap-
pened to the atmosphere, if it had been here
originally?”

  “It might have escaped gradually through
the rocks,” Garry submitted. “No stone
is absolutely impervious to infiltration.”
Purty let out a whoop that almost jarred
the communication disks loose. He had been
carefully examining one of the strange moon
race.

  “Glory be, I know the answer. That’s
what struck these birds down in a heap. The
air gave out on them, and it wasn’t any slow
process either. It just went out with a
rush, and left them suffocating and dying
like fish in a dried-up river. Look here!”

HE pointed to the torn membrane at
the top of the liead. “That’s his breath-
ing apparatus, or nose, or whatever you
want to call it. Notice what happened. The
torn edges are lying outside,—just as though
an inside explosion ripped it open. Natur-
ally if the outside pressure of the atmos-
phere was suddenly removed, this thin mem-
brane would burst from the stabilizing in-
ner pressure!”

   “I believe you’ve hit it, Bill,” Garry ex-
claimed.

  “Not everything,” Rade Perrin’s diffident
voice intruded. “There is still the objec-
tion of Naomi of the Fentons. The place,
as far as we can see, is airtight. What caus-
ed this sudden withdrawal.”

  Gary and Purty looked at each other,
stumped. But Garry only said: “That’s
what we’ll have to look around for; some
break in the walls, some crack due to a
682

WONDER STORIES

moonquake, through which it might have
escaped.”

  They started on a tour of exploration,
carefully avoiding the strange forms, frozen
here in the agony of death for uncounted
ages. Much they found of supreme inter-
est; seemingly cultivated beds of shrivel-
led, dessicated fungus-like growths, ghast-
ly white in the prevailing green; strange,
laminated structures of polished stone that
resembled machines—one such affair that
Purty inspected, he swore must have been
an oxygen-generating apparatus; others
that faintly resembled furnaces, dynamos,
and motors—yet all of the same stone mater-
ial. Nowhere was there evidence that metals
had been used or known.

  Yet the, search was fruitless—there was
not the slightest sign of a break or crack
through which the air might have escaped.
The whole of the vast chamber was hermet-
icallly sealed, True, at one point, there
was a jagged outcropping from the other-
wise smooth texture of the wall. A small
strata of rock had been forced through, to
intrude some distance into the cavern.

  “What do you think of that?” Purty quer-
ied.

  Garry studied it, then shook his head de-
cisively. “No, that couldn’t be the reason.
Some minor convulsion or rock slip along
a fault might have forced that strata
through, but you will note that it automati-
cally sealed itself in. There’s not the slight-
est sign of an open fracture around it.”

  “Isn’t that rock the same stuff we found
above in the ray from Tycho?” Naomi ask-
ed.

  Purty peered closely. “You’re dead
right, lady,” he quoth disgustedly. “And
it’s you who have to tell it to me, Bill Pur-
tell, sometime chemist and assuming to
know my minerals. Well,” he sighed,
“guess I’ll return to Earth and become an
Aristocrat. Nothing else left for my ignor-
ance.”

  “See here!” Naomi flashed, with a stamp
of her shod foot. “I’ll have you know you
can’t talk that way in the presence of a
Fenton. I—”

  Garry interrupted hastily. “Purty didn’t
mean anything, darling. It’s just his way.

And besides, you must remember that he’s
a Worker—and so am I—-and we are under
sentence of death imposed by the Aristo-
crats.”

  Naomi was all contrition. “I’m sorry.
Garry: I’m sorry, Bill. I forgot myself—
forgot I’m no longer an Aristocrat either.
You’ll forgive me, won’t you?” she plead-
ed.

  “Surest thing. Forgive and forget is the
best thing I do,” Purty responded quiz-
zically. “It’s the call of the Fentons in
your blood; that’s what it is. Me, I’m only
a classification member.”

  “Don’t!” Naomi cried in heartfelt an-
guish. “Don’t make it hard for me. You
all are my very best friends. I am not
superior to you in any way, and I don’t
want to be.”

  “But you are!” Rade Perrin shouted
fiercely, silently to himself. “You’re a
gorgeous goddess, and we’re all dirt be-
neath your dainty feet.” Then he blushed
to the roots of his hair, and shrank away
as though fearful the others had heard him.

  Garry said gravely. “We know it,
Naomi, and Bill does too. Please, let us
drop it.” Very briskly. “Now let’s get
back to the ship, and get busy. This place
is made to order for us. Here’s where we
set up our own moon civilization.”

  Purty muttered dolefully. “But why did
this old race pass out? There’s something
wrong about this picture.”

  Nevertheless, he kept his disturbing
thoughts to himself.

  After several trials, first throwing the
lead weights from Perrin’s and Naomi’s
shoes through the outer gap, they all man-
aged by a series of jumps to spring up the
sixty feet, and pull themselves into the
long tunnel.

  As they clambered up the steep slope,
Purty picked up a small fragment of the
strange white ray-stone, thrust it in the outer
pocket of his space suit. Something ham-
mered incessantly at the back of his brain,
and would -not let him be. Some puzzle
that must he solved before he would feel
safe about their sojourn on the moon. The
others did not notice the act, or if they had,
would have thought nothing of it.
EXILES OF THE MOON

683

     CHAPTER XV. '
     A Mysterious Attack

FINALLY when they reached the rocket
liner, they found an anxious, alarmed
group of Workers. They had been gone
almost six hours, earth time.

  Brad Quinlan was just getting ready to
go out with a search party, convinced that
Garry and the others had met with serious
mishap. Jeris Farr had come to the fore
again, playing very skillfully on the tensed
nerves of the Workers.

  The moon was uninhabitable, he argued,
it would be the tomb of all of them. See
what had happened already to the first,
party to go forth. They were dead, no ques-
tion about it. Why risk more valuable lives
in a senseless search; better try to return
to Earth, and throw themselves on the
mercy of the Aristocrats. Maybe they’d be
let off with transportation to an Idler’s
Colony.

  The group that naturally gravitated to
his leadership had ranged themselves along-
side. For a while it seemed as though his
specious arguments would take hold. Even
the grea tbody of Workers who were loyal,
hesitated. But Brad had stepped boldly
into the breach. In no uncertain tones he
denounced Jeris and his ilk as constant
troublemakers. Would they desert the four
who had gone forth, trusting them, and
leave them to die?

  That decided it! The greater number
agreed that a rescue of the missing party
must first be attempted, before any final
decision about remaining was reached.

  But Garry and the others did not know
of the dissension until much later. The
Workers crowded eagerly around the re-
turned explorers, exultant at their safe re-
turn, bursting to hear their tale.

  Garry sketched rapidly the complete
story of their astounding discoveries, of
the great underground caverns, of the
strange moon-race that had existed eons be-
fore, and of whom only the pitiful bodies
and some remnants of their civilization re-
mained.

  “Now,” he concluded, “we have been

spared the greatest difficulty of founding
our moon colony—that of excavating air-
tight quarters for our party. We have them
at hand; broad, spacious, fitted with strange
machines that we may be able to utilize af-
ter a study of their possible uses. Our for-
tunate discovery is a happy augury of our
future.”

  A loud cheer greeted his speech, even the
supporters of Jeris Farr joined in the ac-
claim. Only that worthy maintained a
stony, sullen silence.

  They divested themselves of their space
suits. Bill was stacking his away when he
reminded himself of the sample of the
strange porous ray-stone he had picked up.

  He wanted to analyze it; find out what it
was. Nothing on earth resembled it. And
that strange feeling persisted; that some-
how their destinies on this new world were
inextricably intertwined with this innocent-
looking rock.

  He took it out of its cache, turned it over
thoughtfully in his hand. It was light, al-
most weightless. And it struck him more
forcibly than ever, how cellular it was; it
was more spongy than a sponge.

  “What have you there, that fascinated
you?” Naomi’s clear voice startled him out
of his absorption. She came closer. Oh,
yes, of course, some of that mysterious stuff
from Tycho’s rays. I ought to hate it,” she
laughed, “it almost started an argument be-
tween us.”

  “As a matter of fact it did,” he grinned,
“but what’s an argument between friends!
But maybe you’re right, for other reasons,”
he reverted to the stone again in all seri-
ousness. “It’s got me worried, and I won’t
sleep my usual twelve hours until I know
what it’s all about.”

NAOMI’S hand went suddently to her
throat. Garry, still talking to the as-
sembled Workers, saw the quick gesture, the
look of alarm imprinted on her features. He
broke away, was instantly at her side.

  “What’s the matter, dear? You look
ill!”

  “I—I don’t know,” she gasped. “All of
a sudden I felt as though I were strangling.
Oh—oh, I find it difficult to breathe. Some-
684

WONDER STORIES

thing’s closing my throat. Help me, Gar-

ry!” . '

  Wild with alarm at her strange predica-
ment, he caught her. In his arms she lay
limp, breathing heavily, with visible effort.

  Bill came up on the run, the forgotten
stone still clutched tightly in his fist. Others,
hearing the cries, were crowding around.

  Garry turned a despairing look gt his
friend.

  “Naomi, she’s ill. Something struck her,
just like that. Quick, help me with her to
the hospital bay.”

  Purty opened his mouth to say something,
when he gulped, and inhaled violently. A
slow surprise spread over his freckled fea-
ture. Unheeded, the stone slipped out of
nerveless fingers!

  “I’ve got it too,” he spoke with apparent
effort. “Good God, I can’t breathe. Air!
Air!' His face was purpling.

  By now strangled cries were issuing from
tortured throats on all sides. The Workers
were gasping and heaving, as furiously
pumping lungs were trying to obtain an ade-
quate supply of oxygen.

  Garry felt a slow constriction at his
throat, and he too was gulping and panting.
A roaring dizziness pounded in his temples,
black spots danced before his eyes. Naomi
lay quietly limp now. He laid her down
gently, steadied himself to think. The place
was a bedlam of staring, panting men and
women, laboring for breath.

  No question about it—the precious air
was rapidly thinning; it was taps for all of
them soon if the matter was not remedied
quickly.

  Garry tried to clear his head from the
pounding and hammering in his ears. Ei-
ther the oxygen generators had failed sud-
denly, or there was a leak somewhere, and
the air was rushing into the airless reaches
of the moon.

  Purty was swaying near him, eyes bulg-
ing, mouth wide open. Garry shouted, his
voice a thin squeak in the tenuous atmos-
phere. “For God sakes, look for a leak;
I’m going to the generators. See if we
can fix it; otherwise all dead ...”

  He trailed off to a whisper; the effort

had taken too much of the limited supply
in his luAgs.

  Purty nodded with difficulty to show that
he understood. Unsteadily he made his way
to the air-locks, recruiting on the way sev-
eral of the stouter Workers who had not
yet succumbed. Garry staggered to the
pumps; they were working; the pressure
dots on the gauge showed normal output.
He placed his face close to the stream noz-
zle; gulped in huge quantities of the issu-
ing oxygen.

  The pounding ceased in his veins; his
fuddled senses cleared. It must be a leak
then!

  He ran over to where Naomi lay, picked
her up, brought her back to the pulsing oxy-
gen flow. He could hardly breathe by the
time he reached it. He held her still face
close to the stream, but something had hap-
pened. At the very tip, so it seemed, the
flow swirled curiously downward.

  He was fighting for breath again. His
whole being cried for it. Iron bands were
constricting about his chest, crushing it in.
In a haze he saw Purty staggering over to
him, stark horror in a mottled face, weak-
ly shaking his head. No leak had been
found! The Workers were dropping like
flies, tearing at their throats as though an
obstruction was causing their suffocation.

  Bill stumbled; a white object clattered
from under his feet. There was a roaring
universe of shooting, coruscating stars about
Garry. Through the sparks he saw Purty
suddenly lean forward, almost lose his bal-
ance, pick up the little bit of white rock,
and grope drunkenly past him.

  Occupied as he was with the grim per-
sonal fight he was making for every spoon-
ful of near vacuum, he barely heard the
thin reedy tones. “Air-lock, quick; life’n
death!”

  Like some automaton he followed the
swaying figure, unknowing what he did.
Blood was gushing from his nose and
mouth, darkness was enfolding him; but
still he followed. Somehow they reached
the air-lock. Bill tried to grasp the lever,
missed it and slumped to the ground. He
couldn’t get up again.

  With the dim consciousness that was still
EXILES OF THE MOON

685

left him, Garry wondered why Purty want-
ed to open the air-lock. Go out on the
moon? Die faster! Should have tried to
put on space suits—air there! Never
thought of it—too late now! Damn fool!

  Purty was gesturing weakly. His blue
lips mouthed a whisper.

  “Open!”

  Die that way quickly. Bill good fellow,
crazy now, though. Oh well, do as he says,
can’t harm any more. All over anyway!

  Fumbling with his last ounce of strength,
he found the lever, thrust it home. The
great round door slid open. A distorted
grin showed on Purty as he pushed, rather
than threw, the little white stone into the
air-lock.

  His lips formed a desperate “Close it!”
and he collapsed into a silent heap. Garry
felt himself going fast; his lungs were burst-
ing. Bill was all right now—no jmore
pain, no more torture. Wish it were over
for him too. Quiet and peaceful! Rest,
fight no more! Just drop down and get
it over with!

  What was that Purty said before he stop-
ped saying things altogether? “Close it!”
What for? Took too much effort, more
needless torture. No, Hell no! Bill’s his
friend; must obey his last words.

  An arm that weighed a ton groped up-
ward with a last superhuman effort, clung
with tired fingers to the lever, pulled it
over!

  Garry had a fleeting vision of the seal
sliding back into position as he fell head-
long into an abyss of black flames. Then,
abruptly, the pounding ceased in his ears.

A New Home

BLACK sparks that changed to a daz-
zle of white, a chaos, and heaving out of
it Garry struggled upwards toward con-
sciousness. Dimly he felt himself gasping;
great draughts of air were drawn into tor-
tured lungs; then he heard a moan — it
was his own.

  He sat up, dizzy, retching, still gulping
the blessed fluid. What had happened? Oh
yes, he knew! The air in the liner had

thinned out, vanished. But there was air
now, plenty of it!

  He looked around; Purty was up, blue of
face, grinning wanly, but grinning! “Close
shave, eh? My fault too! Should have
known that—”

  But Garry was not attending. All over
the hold Workers were staggering to their
feet, still dazed and trembling. A slender
girlish figure whose eyes were pools of fear,
searching, searching!

  “Garry!”

“Naomi!”

  Simultaneously they saw each other.
Garry tried to rise, but his legs gave way,
as he slipped back. Naomi darted over,
caught him in her arms. “Oh, my dear,
I thought you were gone this time.”

  His head nestled against her bosom. “I’m
just a little too tough,” he smiled thinly.
Their arms went about each other, tighten-
ed. Purty waited patiently. He was get-
ting used to these manifestations.

  At length—“You were saying—?” Garry
requested politely.

  “Yeah, I was saying, and that’s as far as
I got.” Purty pretended to be in a huff,
but he was too full of the importance of his
news to keep it up. “Say, Garry,” he broke
out, “I knew damn well that white stuff
meant something, and here we are to prove
it. Another couple of seconds, though,”
he grinned wryly, “and the proof would
have been just too perfect.”

  “What on the moon are you talking
about?”

  “The ray-stone of Tycho, of coursc.” Bill
condescended to explain. “I brought along
a sample for analysis and the damn thing
almost did for us. Evidently it absorbs
oxygen, and how! Can you imagine that
little lump of stone sucking up into its pores
every droy of air in the whole ship? It’s
uncanny! Lucky I stumbled 021 it coming
back—it flashed on me that here was the
cause. The rest you know.”

  Garry nodded slowly. “That would ex-
plain things. Also the airlessness of the
moon, and the sudden death of the moon-
race in their last desperate stand—remember
the protrusion of the stuff into the cavern?
Moon quakes must have brought underlying
(686

WONDER STORIES

strata of the deadly stone to the surface
to doom all life.” He relapsed into a brown
study.

  Naomi gently arose. “Dear, our people
need help; there are women still uncon-
scious.”

  “Righto, let’s get busy.”

Fortunately, no one had suffered any ser-
ious consequences. Within a few hours all
were fit for duty, though somewhat weak.
“Now we’ve got to get to work, Purty.”

*	* * #

  Garry, with Purty assisting, commenced
operations without delay. There was no
time to waste. Only eleven days (earth-
time) remained before the lunar day would
burst upon them with its seething heat. If
they were not safely ensconced below by
that time, they would be compelled to re-
main locked up in the rocket liner to wait
another fifteen earth days for the lunar
night. The oxygen supply was running
low—there was grave doubt whether it
would last that long.

  Garry explained all this with the greatest
frankness, urging the necessity of whole
hearted cooperation (he looked directly at
Farr, who avoided the glance), and for con-
stant unremitting toil. Then , he allotted
the various tasks, according to the former
training and ability of the Workers; and in
charge of each squad he placed a foreman,
responsible personally to him.

  The first and most important task was to
clean out the great underground cavern;
give the thousand odd bodies of the moon
race reverent burial; wall up the jutting
ray-strata; clean out every little speck of
the deadly material.

IT took time but the men worked in re-
lays until it was done. There was no sol-
diering on this job—they had had too
frightful an experience.

  The next task was to set up the oxygen-
ation apparatus in the underground cham-
ber. Without air nothing could be done.
Space suits were clumsy for hard, swift
work, and the chemicals had to be. renew-
ed every six hours. Accordingly, every bit
of the machinery was taken carefully out
of the ship’s hold, transported with many

groans—the sections were heavy—down the
long tunnel. Already a squad working fev-
erishly under Brad Quinlan, had construct-
ed a runway down into the outer cham-
ber. It was Garry’s idea eventually to seal
up the great break in the roof, to provide
for an additional room. But for the pre-
sent there was ample space for the colony
in the inner chamber.

  Under Purty’s exhortations and running
fire of good-natured bantering, the work of
setting up the machines went on. For thir-
ty-six hours there was unceasing hammer-
ing and tinkering, the steady blows falling
and rising, but making not the tiniest sound.
At length the gigantic task was completed.

  Purty fed into the hopper of the machine
pulverized limestone, of which he had
found a supply not far from the tunnel
mouth. The old fashioned engines, using
the treated liquid oxygen and hydrogen for
fuel, started operation. The limestone, or
calcium carbonate, was first decomposed
to calcium oxide and carbon dioxide, from
which the oxygen was released by an ex-
tremely high tension arc.

  With bated breath, all of the Workers
stopped whatever they were doing to con-
centrate their gaze on the clear quartz globe
in which the liberated oxygen should gather.

  Suddenly a wild cheer rang through all
the communication disks; the all-pervad-
ing green glow had just disseminated
through the crystal sphere.

  But Purty was not content. He plucked
a bit of fungus, held it in the flickering elec-
tric arc till it glowed redly. Very cautious-
ly he opened the pet cock, held the glow-
ing fungus beneath it. A thin blue flame
flared up. A twist of the pet cock, and the
flare died out as suddenly as it had come.
But Bill grinned happily to himself. The
stuff was oxygen, all right, good, sound,
breathable oxygen.

  Steadily the machine spun and whirled,
steadily the engines pumped, and the life-
giving gas poured into the vast chamber.
Faintly at first, then stronger and stronger,
there came to the enthralled watchers a
sound; then a series of sounds, the old
familiar hum and pulsing of machinery in
action. There was real air in the chamber.
EXILES OF THE MOON

687

The eerie effect of illumination on only
material objects was gone, a diffused nor-
mal glow spread throughout the cavern.

  A pentane thermometer, adjusted for ex-
tremes of temperature, was set up! Garry
watched it anxiously. Would the newly-
liberated air be warm enough to heat up this
vast space from its normal frigidity to a liv-
able temperature? Or would they have to
waste several more of their precious days in
installing heating equipment? Slowly the
pointer swung around; from minus 100 de-
grees C., it crept steadily over to minus
five degrees C.—cold, but bearable.

  Garry gave a great whoop; unscrewed his
helmet with trembling fingers. Purty was
doing the same. Their bare heads emerged
simultaneously, they breathed in great gulps
of the frosty air. It was then somewhat sim-
ilar to that of a great mountain height, but
it would do until greater volumes could be
manufactured.

  The days that followed were days of
hard, unremitting toil, but everyone bent to
it with a will. The terrible lunar day was
creeping slowly upon them. The termin-
ator was only a hundred yards away now;
dark glasses were necessary to gaze even
for an instant at the blazing white surface
beyond. Already they could feel the re-
flected waves of heat beating _up at them
when they ventured out of the ship. Even
Jeris and his cronies were chastened; work-
ing with the rest.

  It was a race against time. All equip-
ment, the food stores, apparatus, had to be
carried piecemeal, painfully, in a long end-
less trek to the caverns, more than a mile
away; the heat was terrific, the space-suits
were baths of steaming oxygen, when the
last load was safely off, and the Workers
trooped hastily to their new home.

  Garry, Naomi and Purty were the last
to go. The molten line of the terminator
was impinging on the outer shell of the
stream-lined rocket ship when the last air-
lock was securely fastened. The glistening
liner was to be abandoned until the lunar
night once more made it safe to venture
abroad.

  Bill made a mock speech. “Farewell, oh
last tie to our earthly home—we must leave

thee. But fear not, little one, we shall re-
turn!”

  Garry and Naomi smiled through the win-
dows of their helmets. Now they could see
each other without the aid of the beam-rays.
The space suits were shining in the waves of
reflected light that beat upon them.

  ‘Think of it, dear,” Naomi whispered,
her eyes starry pools. “Our new home—
the moon.” She looked overhead. A thin
wisp of blue-silver in the .blackness of the
sky—all that was left of her beloved earth
—her father, the ordered luxuries of the
Aristocrats, the proud caste she had aban-
doned.

  Who can say there was not a little sigh
to her renunciation; Garry was tense for
the faintest symptom. If she regretted—!
But she saw the anxiety in his eyes, and
smiled reassuringly.

  “Come!” she said simply.

CHAPTER XVI.

Despair!

IT took time to become acclimated to their
new home. At first there was a good deal
of confusion, but gradually, as the little
colony learned their new tasks, the disor-
der lessened. The strangeness of their sur-
roundings, the eternal radiance of the evi-
dently radio-active rock walls, the curious
lightness of their earth bodies, gradually
wore off. Men and women were even heard
to laugh again, something they had not done
since the last terrible day on the Island of
Death.

  Yet, when another long lunar night had
cooled off the burning upper surface, there
was eager donning of space suits, as they
streamed out into the frigid blackness, to
gaze longingly at the unwinking stars and
the beautifully serene earth sailing unimag-
inably high overhead.

  Naomi pressed as close to Garry as her
ballooning space suit would permit, as they
both watched the bluish tinged disk. Garry
sensed a certain nostalgia in her silence.
He was an outlaw, debarred forever from
returning. The moon with its dread si-
lences, its desolate wastes, must forever be
688

WONDER STORIES

his home; but she, a Fenton, a daughter of
the Aristocrats, had voluntarily forsaken all
the splendid graciousness of earth life to
be an exile—with him!

  “Naomi!” He spoke softly.

  “What is it, dear?”

  “You’re sure you do not regret what you
have done?”

  Was that the faintest of sighs? But she
answered bravely enough. “Regret? Not
the tiniest bit. I have you, and that is all
I desire. I would do it all over again if
I had the chance.”

  But the great love that Garry bore her
was not to be deceived. She meant it; there
was no repining; but the sacrifice to this
proudly nurtured girl had been terrific.
His heart bled for her, but he was helpless.

*	* * *

  Dore Swithin was on his feet again, his
face broken out in curious mottlings as evi-
dence of his strange experience in outer
space. He ran the heating plant, and ran
it well. The waste gases of the oxygen man-
ufacture were piped to the terminator zone,
there heated by the sun's tremendous radi-
ations, and then forced back into the cham-
bers. An inexhaustible supply of electric-
ity was assured by Bill Purtell’s happy
thought of rigging up thermocouples of
beryllium-steel and copper in closed cir-
cuit. One point of junction was set on
moveable platforms in the terminator zone
to follow continuously the heat of the sun.
The other junction remained always in the
shade at extremely low temperatures.

  Fortunately, Purty found, mixed in with
the volcanic ash, considerable quantities of
alums, sulphates, and carbonates, in large
fractured crystals. He gave vent to a
whoop of joy.

  “Here’s our water supply!” he cried to
Garry. “I was worrying to death about it.
Oxygen we have plenty, but without hydro-
gen, we’d be sunk after our tanks gave out.
Now we can use the water of crystallization
from these.”

  That left only one major problem for
the colonists, to solve, but all the others
paled into insignificance before it. Food!
They had in their stores about a six months’
supply. When that was gone, what?

  Even if all the essential elements were
found, there was none of the intricate
machinery necessary to the synthesis of real
food. Nor was there anyone in the entire
colony who had the faintest idea of the con-
struction of the apparatus.

  Garry appreciated the gravity of the sit-
uation. He talked it over with Purty. “I
had some hopes of finding plant life in the
interior caverns of the moon,” he confessed,
“but that’s out.”

  “How about that fungus stuff we discov-
ered when we broke in here?” Bill suggest-
ed.

  Garry shook his head decisively. “No
good. In the first place it’s withered, and
the most careful examination I could make
disclosed no spores or seeds. Besides, it’s
not food for us, even though the ancient
moon-people evidently used it.

  “No, we’ll have to get along with what
we have; the bags of seed we brought
along. There’ll be not much variety in our
food supply, I’m afraid, but we’ll have to
get along.”

PURTY grimaced. He liked his victuals,
and a vegetarian diet did not particu-
larly appeal to him.

  “So we’ll have to get started on our plant-
ing,” Garry went on, “if we expect to have
a crop by the time our stores give out.”
“Hmm, who knows anything about farm-
ing?”

  “Jeris Farr.”

  Bill’s face flamed. “That skunk!”

  “Can’t help it. He’s the only one in the
colony. The seeds are too precious to be
experimented with by novices. If they fail
us—” Garry’s shrug was eloquent.

  Purty saw his logic, and subsided. But
he grumbled nevertheless. “I hate to put
that bird in charge. I don’t trust him fur-
ther than I can throw a fit.”

  Jeris took the news of his appointment as
Agriculturist with outward apathy, but
there was a gleam in his little pig’s eyes,
and the black bristles of his beard quivered
slightly. Garry ignored the man’s sullen-
ness, and explained to him very carefully
the importance of his task; how the very
EXILES OF THE MOON

689

life of the colony depended on his success
in growing the precious seeds.

  Farr sneered openly now. “So the high
and mighty so-called Leader has to depend
on me, eh? Finds he don’t know so much's
he thought, hey?”

  Garry controlled himself with an effort.
“None of us know everything, nor do we
pretend to,” he answered evenly. “You are
qualified for that particular job, and it’s
up to you to make good on it.”

  “Well, don’t try to teach me my business,”
Jeris growled in his beard, and turned
abruptly away. Garry stared after him
thoughtfully.

  A month later, the whole colony spent
a goodly part of their leisure hours in
eager inspection of the carefully raked soil
beds where the seeds had been planted un-
der Farr’s supervision. Under the forcing
influences employed, the first tender green
shoots should be pushing their way through
the * brown earth. A fever of expectancy
was in the air. Would the seedlings take
root in this strange environment? Would
the grain grow?

  Even the poorest witted of the Workers
knew that their very lives hung in the bal-
ance. Sharp eyes scanned the level earth
continually for the first sign of a crack.
But there was none, not the tiniest.

  A week passed, two! Still nothing. The
great patch of ground was bare, lifeless.
Despair crept upon them, the slow despair
of people who still hoped, but were begin-
ning to fear .

  Garry questioned Farr, but the man was
sullen.

  “I’m doing my best. Can’t help it if the
damn stuff doesn’t grow. Seeds might have
been sterile, ground may be no good. How
should I know?” Parker thought he sensed
an undercurrent of mockery, of hidden ex-
ultation in the man’s attitude, but he had
nothing definite to go on.

  Two months, and still not a *sign. By
now, surely, allowing all leeway, the grain
should have sprouted. The Workers were
frightened, the men becoming bitter and
ably. Naomi went about trying to comfort,
reckless, while the women cried intermin-
to cheer them up, but they refused her min-

istrations angrily. Somehow they connect-
ed her, an Aristocrat, with their misfortunes.
Work slackened. The men hung around the
fateful area for hours,_scanning the ground
with hard bitter eyes.

  Despair grew into muttered imprecations,
little knots muttered together, and drew
apart as Garry or Purty approached. The
atmosphere was electric. A spark might set
them off, into wild, senseless mob violence.
In a few months they would all be dead any-
way, so why work?

  And Jeris Farr, his black face a per-
petual taunt, circulated industriously among
the disaffected, whispering, whispering.

  Garry was frankly puzzled. “I don’t un-
derstand it, Purty,” he confided. “That soil
looks to me just as good as any I’ve seen
on earth. And the fact remains that the
moon-race actually did grew things in it—•
remember we found the planted fungi.”
Purty considered. “There’s something
smelly about the whole affair. That ape
Farr is in charge, and nothing is growing.
Seems to me there’s a connection there!”
“Nonsense,” objected Garry. “The man
wouldn’t be so crazy that to spite us, he’d
kill off the whole colony, including him-
self.”

Treachery!

CiTTE’S got something up his sleeve,”
JL1 Purty said slowly, “and it doesn’t
mean losing his precious skin, either. Tell
you what, I’m curious. I’m going to dig
up the edge of the bed, and see why the
blasted stuff isn’t taking hold.”

  “There’s nothing else to do,” Garry
agreed.

  In short order, Purty was wielding a
vigorous spade. Jeris Farr saw him, came
running over, black rage flaming through
his distorted countenance.

  “Here, you can’t do that!”

  Purty paused to look him over contemp-
tuously. “Who says I can’t?” he challeng-
ed.

  “I do,” fairly shouted the other. A crowd
of Workers, attracted by the commotion,
surrounded them. Jeris turned to them.
“See what he’s doing; this fellow that
690

WONDER STORIES

brought us all out here to rot. He’s destroy-
ing any chance there might be of the grain
coming up.”

  Purty disregarded the growls that went
up from the Workers, notably, from those
who were Farr’s cronies.' He spat on his
hands contemplatively, took a firmer grip
on the spade, while little lights danced in
his bright blue eyes.

  “And who’s going to stop me?”

  There was a little edging toward him, but
Garry, Swithin, Perrin and Quinlan burst
through the encircling crew. Garry raised
his voice commandingly. “Back, everyone
of you. Purtell knows what’s he’s doing,
and it’s for your own good, I tell you.”
The threatening adherents of Farr shrank
back from the little body of determined
men. They had had samples enough of
their prowess. Purty turned regretfully.
“Here you’ve got to come butting in and
kill a nice little war. I was just aching
to spoil that bozo’s face for him. Well,
have to be some other time now.”

  His spade bit deep. He turned over the
soil carefully. A few blackened shrivelled
seeds fell loose.

  “See that, just as I thought. All dead as
a door knob. ’S funny; must be a reason.”
He bent down to examine the scattered
soil. Suddenly his freckled face went grim,
his jaw hardened. He scooped up some of
the dirt in the palm of his hand, held it up
for Garry to see.

  “The dirty, double crossing, nameless
rat!” There was a deadly slowness to his
speech that was not usual with him.

  “Why, what’s the matter?” exclaimed
Garry.

  “Look here. See that scattering of white.
That’s alum powder. The residue from our
water generator, after the removal of the
water of crystallization. No wonder noth-
ing could grow here! It’s burnt the seeds
to a crisp.”

  Garry stared fascinated at the noxious
mineral. So this was the end of the great
scheme of colonizing the moon, as a haven
of refuge to the oppressed Workers of the
Earth!

  Purty and he looked blankly at each

other. All their precious seeds had been
sown; and all were destroyed. A bare two
months their proesent food supply would
last, and then—. Death by slow starva-
tion!

  Garry felt a surge of cold reasoned an-
ger at the despicable wretch who had
brought them to this pass. But Purty was
the first to act. With a wild wlfoop he
dived through the scattering Workers,
straight for Jeris Farr. The man saw him
coming, set himself to meet the attack. But
he never had a chance. A long ape-like
arm shot out from nowhere, caught him
fairly on the point of the chin. The power
of the blow lifted him off his feet, and he
came crashing down into a twitching mass.
Bill stood over him, a devastating fury.
“Get up, you yellow bellied, thieving son
of a cross-eyed sea cook,” he roared, “get
up and take what’s coming to you.” But
the fallen figure did not stir.

  A few of Farr’s cronies came forward,
protesting. “Here, here, that isn’t fair.
Why do you attack Jeris Farr like that?”

  “Because,” it was Garry who spoke up,
“this time he lias surpassed all his former
villainies. Look!” he cried, holding up a
spadeful of earth for all to see. “For some
unknown reason Jeris Farr has sentenced us
all to death. He deliberately mixed alum
in with the soil to kill off the seeds. He
has succeeded! We have no more! When
our food runs out, we are through! There
will be i„one to take its place. Do you
know what that means?”

A MURMUR ran through the men and
women as the purport of Garry’s im-
passioned speech penetrated their dazed
minds. The murmur grew to a growl, the
growl tc a roar, a roar of mingled terror
and execration for the man who had sealed
their death-warrant.

  Then someone shouted. “Kill the rat!”
The cry took hold; in the twinkling of an
eye the colonists were transformed into a
raging, shrieking mob, clamoring, lusting
for the blood of the prone man. They surg-
ed forward tumultuously to tear him limb
from limb. His former intimates were in
EXILES OF THE MOON

691

the forefront, eager to be the first to stamp
on him, to seek vengeance for the betrayal of
their own lives.

  Garry threw himself forward, straddled
the limp figure. Like a clarion his voice
burst above the tumult.

 “Stop! We’ll have no blood on our
hands, not even the blood of Jeris Farr. We
are civilized beings, not animals. I have a
better plan, if you’ll listen.”

  Such was the force of his cool command-
ing presence that the rush halted dead in
its tracks. With blood-shot eyes-and snarl-
ing lips they paused, and waited.

  Garry seized the opportunity to speak
rapidly. “He has been a traitor to us all
along. I blame my own forbearance in the
face of much provocation for this last
dastardly deed. It was his idea to force us
to return to earth, where he could make his
peace with the Aristocrats by betraying us
to their tender mercies. You know as well
as I what we could expect. Death! Well,
we’re facing it here, but at least we can
face it as free men and women, not as cow-
ards and slinking slaves.

  “But Jeris Farr shall not avail himself
of his< treachery. He shall not even be per-
mitted to have the comfort of the compan-
ionship of strong comrades when the in-
evitable end comes. Let us give him a
space suit, and thrust him out of our society
onto the surface of the moon, there to shift
for himself. He has destroyed our food,
our hopes—let him go out alone,^ without
food, with only the air in his oxygen hel-
met. What do you say?”

  A babel of voices rose high. “No, no!”
someone yelled, “throw him out without
a space suit; don’t give him a chance.”
“Absolutely not,” Garry retorted vigor-
ously, “that is murder. His chances of
survival will be slim enough.”

  And so, after hot, futile arguments, it was
decided.

  Farr was dragged roughly to his feet—
he had come to by now—and told of the
decision. He took it in sullen defiance, his
black face glowering. He was thrust none
too gently in his suit, and personally con-

ducted by Purty to the mouth of the outer
shaft. It was night again, and the black-
ness was impenetrable. There was no Earth
shining in the sky.

  “Get out, you louse, and stay out. I hope
it takes you a good long time to croak.”
Bill gave hinj a parting kick that relieved
his savage feelings considerably, and return-
ed in better humor.

  A consultation was in progress. Garry
greeted him. “We’ve been waiting for you.”
There were Swithin and Perrin, Quinlan and
Naomi. Their faces were pale and set.
There was no underestimating the desper-
ateness of their condition. Outside their
little walled-off room, the Workers were
giving way to utter despair. An apathy
stole over them, broken only by the low
moaning of some women. Grim lingering
death stared them all in the face.

  Garry addressed the little group. “Frank-
ly, we’re up against it, yet we must some-
how find a way out. There is no possibil-
ity of any animal or vegetable life on the
moon. No use discussing it even. Returning
to Earth is out of the question. Death waits
us there also. We cannot hide from the
Aristocrats, the earth is too well policed.
Fight them is just another form of suicide.
What could our few hundred, unarmed, do
against a whole world?”

  “I say fight!” Purty broke in heatedly.
“I vote for taking the old ship, shoving off,
and head for New York. Kill as many of
the damned Aristos as we can before we get
bumped off. At least we’ll die like men;
not like rats in a trap.”

  There were murmurs of approval from
the other men. They were fighters, all of
them.

  Garry shook his head doubtfully. “As a
last resort, yes!” he ^agreed. “But that’s
not a solution; that’s just choosing our
death. Isn’t there anyone who has a plan
to get our people out of this predicament
whole?”

  His questing eyes moved over the set
grave faces. Silence! His gaze rested on
Naomi, and softened. Poor Naomi! She
was going out with the rest!
692

WONDER STORIES

CHAPTER XVII.

A Solution

BUT Naomi’s eyes were not on her lover.
She was staring thoughtfully at the
place where a cemented patch protruded
from the smooth surface of the wall. Her
forehead puckered into a tiny frown. Then,
like the sun bursting from behind a glow-
ering cloud, an excited smile swept over the
perfect oval of her face.

   “Oh, how stupid of me, how stupid of all
 of us! Here we stand condemned to death,
 and salvation is staring straight at us!”

' The four men turned to her at once.
“What do you mean, Naomi?” Garry cried.

   “Bill put the idea into my head with his
 eternal cry of ‘fight!’” Her dark eyes
 danced as the words came tumbling out in
 a little rush. “Of course we’ll fight, and
 we’ll win too. You said, Garry, that we
 have no weapons. I say that we have, potent
 ones too, so potent that the Earth and all
 my caste will bow down at your feet.”

   Purty had bowed ironically at her refer-
 ences to him, but now his honest freckled
 face lit up as he sniffed the taint of ap-
 proaching battle.

   “Say lady,” he clamored, “the weapons,
the weapons, show me the weapons!”
Naomi lifted her arm dramatically.
“There!” She pointed to the recently ce-
mented patch. The men looked blank.

  “Oh, you fools,” she stormed, “and I
thought you all had brains. Don’t you see,
don’t you know what is behind that patch?
The ray-stone of Tycho!”

   A moment of puzzled non-understanding,
then Garry and Bill let out a simultaneous
whoop.

  “Naomi darling, you have saved us
again!” Garry’s eyes were adoring.

   Purty was wringing her hand frantical-
ly; the little white hand totally submerged
in the great hairy paw. “Lady, you’re a
wiz! I hereby humbly and solemnly apol-
ogize. If that bozo Garry ever gives you
the air, you just comedo little Purty and
he’ll take you in.”

   “When he 11 give me up, I’ll consider your
 generous offer. In the meantime my hand

can’t stand the strain.” Purty dropped it
hastily.

  Garry had her in his arms. “You’re just
wonderful. It took your quick wit to set
us right.”

  The others stared at the trio blankly.
They still hadn’t grasped the idea. Garry
saw their bewildered looks, and laughed
Jiappily.

  “You boys don’t get it yet?”

  They shook their heads.

  “You remember what happened on the
flier when Purty brought in a tiny piece of
the ray-stone.”

  Rade spoke up. “Can we ever forget?”
“Exactly. That little bit of stone sucked
in the entire atmosphere of the great ship.
Now suppose we load up the old boat with
the stuff, carefully sealed of course, and
take it back with us to the earth? We’ll
plant it all around New York. Use your
imaginations for the rest. How long would
the city last? Or any other great metro-
polis where we choose to drop it?”

  There was instant comprehension. Rade
and Brad burst into wild cheers; Dore
Swithin was as impassive as ever. Noth-
ing had ever been known to change his
quiet sardonic air.

*	* * *

  All was bustle and confusion. The men
worked as they had never worked before.
The prospect of deliverance from the fate
that awaited them, the possibility of com-
pelling the Masters of the Earth to bow
before them, infused new life into their
veins. As usual though, there were some
who could not grasp the significance of
Naomi’s proposal, who were lapsing into
the fatalistic apathy of those of their kind
who had been destroyed on the Island of
Death. But the anger of the majority forc-
ed them to work, albeit unwillingly.

  As Garry explained, it was impossible to
take the entire colony back to Earth. Every
inch of available space was needed for the
precious cargo of> ray-stones. The more
that could be planted in strategic centers,
the more chance of bringing the proud
Aristocrats to their knees. It was not to be
a matter of brute strength, but of subtlety,
utter secrecy, and infinite daring.
EXILES OF THE MOON

693

  Three were to go—no more! Garry, as
leader; Naomi, because of her knowledge of
Aristocrat ways and ability to move among
them unobserved; and Rade Perrin, to as-
sist in /the operation of the rocket-ship and
to carry on, if Garry was caught. Rade
blushed like a girl at the designation, and
the furtive sidelong glance he cast at Naomi
told even more.

BUT Bill raised a howl of disappoint-
ment. “Wha-a-at!” he yelled, “leave
little Purty behind when there’s a fight to
be had! No siree, I go too.”

  “No you don’t, Bill,” Garry told him
flatly. “You, Swithin and Quinlan are
necessary here. It’ll be a big enough job
for aU of you to keep things going and the
Workers contented until we return. If we
don’t, you’ll know it’s because all of us
are dead, and then it’ll be up to you to find
another way out.”

  It took Purty long enough to see the logic
of the situation, and even then he grumbled
and growled. “A fight and me not in it!
Purty old boy, you’re just a doddering old
executive, that’s what/’

  Tons of ray-stone of Tycho were chopped
out and broken into little pieces to provide
the greatest possible area of surface. It
was carefully packed in drums, in canisters,
in tanks, in every container that was on
hand. By the end of a week of earth days
the hold of the liner was brimming over
with the strange crushed rock.

  A small store of food was placed on board
—the crew of three would not need much.
All other equipment was set in order, the
last repairs made to the delicate apparatus.
They were ready to start.

  Nothing had been seen of Jeris Farr since
his expulsion from the colony. He had
wandered off -in the blackness of the night,
and disappeared as though the ground had
opened and swallowed him up. The deso-
late Moon was guarding her secrets well.
No one thought he was alive—it was believ-
ed he had crept into some hole to die.

  None, that is but Bill Purtell. He shook
his head and growled.

  “You can’t scotch a snake like him so

easily. Mark my words, we’ll hear from
him yet and plenty.”

  But Garry only laughed.

  The entire colony was congregated before
the air-lock of the rocket liner, awkward,
ungainly in their ballooning space suits.
The dazzling day was but a few yards away
from the hull. Within an earth hour the
ship would be bathed in the fiery glow. The
loading had been completed just in time.

  The adventurous trio, Garry, Naomi and
Rade, were standing at the entrance. The
colonists, whose lives depended on the suc-
cess of their mission, were startlingly il-
luminated against the black curtain o>f
night by the reflected glare of the approach-
ing lunar day. No one spoke, but sobs came
here and there through the communication
disks. Would they ever see each other
again? The three pressed close to each
other for comfort.

  A hoarse grulff voice, fighting to over-
come unaccustomed emotion, sounded in
their ears. It was Purty’s. “Time’s up. Go,
Garry, Naomi and Rade. And—and—damn
it all—you know what I mean!” A chok-
ing sound came to them as a figure turned
and ran to the rear. Their own eyes were
bright with unshed tears.

  Garry waved his hand—that was all he
could trust himself to do. Good old Purty,
good old everybody! A roar of sound calm-
ored in their helmets; the Workers were
shouting, crying farewell. The last they
saw, as the great outer seal silently slid
into position, was frantic waving arms, and
a weird sea of bobbing helmets.

  They were in the control room, fastened
in the swinging hammocks. Garry was si-
lently watching the chronometer. The affair
had been timed perfectly. In thirty seconds
they were to take off. Time enough for the
colonists to retreat out of range of the sear-
ing blasts of the rocket tubes; just on the
dot for the calculated course back to Earth.

  The light dot was bisected by the hair-
line. Gafry pressed the button. Th^re was
a roar, a blinding flash through the peri-
scope, an awful sense of compression, and
Garry passed out. But only momentarily.
He struggled out of the hammock; released
the others. No one was hurt. The second
694

WONDER STORIES

experience was not nearly as bad as the
first. The Moon was rushing from beneath
them, a great craggy, pitted landscape. The
start had been successful. Would their mis-
sion be equally successful? Each tried to
.find the answer in the others’ eyes.

Return of the Exiles

THE long rush through space was un-
eventful. Garry was no longer a
novice at interplanetary flying; he plotted
the course, touched off corrective rocket
bursts, avoided huge meteorites with as-
sured ease and facility. To Naomi and
Rade he explained his plans.

  “I’ll try to land on the Island of Levis.
We’re running rather short of fuel. There
ought to be tanks of it down there, remem-
ber we left a lot behind.”

  On schedule time the liner reached with-
in striking distance of the earth. parry
swerved the ship sharply, repeating the
initial landing maneuver that had brought
them safely to the surface of the moon.
The great craft zoomed through the unre-
sistant ether like a new satellite around the
earth. Three times it flashed over the
round face of the world, on a long spiral
slant. The third time, at a height of one
hundred and fifty miles, the streamlines bit
into the resistant atmosphere.

  Half way around on the fourth circling,
Garry changed over. The huge airfoils
caught hold with the scream of a thousand
devils. The gyrocopter vanes whirled aloft.
The turbines screamed and settled into
steady vibration. They were home again—
if this Earth on which their lives were for-
feit could be called their home.

  Nevertheless the exiles stared down at
the fleeting familiar landscape with the
yearning of returned prodigals. They were
skimming over Asia now; the broad Siber-
ian steppes turned beneath in a shining
blue of green. It was spring now! How
different from the alien, inimical, desolate
Moon! This lovely Earth was theirs; there
was no other like it in the universe. Simul-
taneously they turned to each other; each
read aright the shining resolve in the others’
eyes. They would conquer for themselves

and for those poor people left on the moon,
a place in their fair world, or die in the at-
tempt. There must be no turning back!

  Soon the Pacific rolled blue beneath.
Garry plotted his course by the intermittent
signals that came through from Greenwich.

It gave him an odd thrill to see once more
the old familiar dots coursing over the „
charts. The televisor was scanned eagerly,
but only the interminable wastes of water
flashes at them.

  Then, “It’s over there, see!” rose Rade’s
joyous shout. Almost in the center of the
visor, the white of the screen showed a
blank circle against the tossing, heaving
Pacific.

  Garry smiled his satisfaction. “We’ll
dr6p to the three mile level and have a look
—see before we land. Mustn’t take any
chances, you know.”

  “Think there are police still on the is-
land?” Naomi queried anxiously.

  Garry shrugged. “Can’t tell. There
shouldn’t be any, of course now that Vedor
Island has lost its usefulness. But Sada-
kuchi may have anticipated the possibility
of our return.”

  Naomi shuddered at the mention of the
hated name. A sickening wave of repul-
sion swept over her as she thought how
near she had been to marriage with that
suave, cruel Asiatic. Garry saw it, and
folded her in his arms protectingly.

  “Whatever happens,” she whispered.
“Don’t let me fall into his hands.” Her
lover nodded fiercely as he pressed her
closer.

  Rade averted his eyes. His devotion was
log-like, hopeless, yet Something hurt inside
at the sight of their complete absorption in
each other.

  “Three mile level reached, sir,” he re-
ported coldly, efficiently.

  Garry released the girl, sprang to the
periscopes. The televisor was useless in
this area. As he peered into the lens, the
others saw his body stiffen suddenly, and
heard the involuntary groan that escaped
him.

  “What is it?” Naomi’s voice sounded in
his ear.

  He turned to her a face from which all
EXILES OF THE MOON

695

the blood bad drained. “Look for your-
self.” The words issued slowly.

  With a beating heart she took his place
at the lens. Below, the two islands were
within the range of vision. Vedor, the Is-
land of Death, drew her eyes as though it
were a magnet. She stared with a slow-
ly dawning horror.

  There, sure enough, was the familiar out-
lines of the terrible black mountain. But
the truncated top, the vast shimmering bowl
of the green luminescent gas, where were
they?

  In its place she saw a great metal dome
from which a huge pipe line dropped down
the steep slope of the mountain, writhed
across the beach, and plunged into the sea.

  Her fascinated eyes followed its dim out-
line through the translucent waters to its
emergence on the Island of Levis. Her
heart almost stopped beating. For Levis
was swarming with tiny moving dots. And
though they could not distinguish at this
height they fancied they made out the yel-
low of the Chemical Workers and the flam-
ing scarlet of Sadakuchi’s police.

AS she turned away, Garry met her with
level gaze. He was himself once more,
contained, resourceful.

  “Yes, dear,” he said gently. “I know
what you’re about to say.

  “Somehow the Aristocrats have discov-
ered the effect of the gas on the explosion
rate of the fuel mixture. And they have al-
ready set up a plant to utilize the phenom-
enon. And the worst of it is that it was
probably one of the old crew of this ship
who reported the secret.”

  He smiled bitterly. “Down trodden
slaves, ready to curry favor by squealing
011 their own kind. No wonder the masters
have lorded it so securely and so long.”

  “But what are we going to do now?”
Rade burst out. “We can’t hide any place
else on the face of the earth. Their damned
televisors will pick out the ship and reveal
us.”

  “That is a problem,” Garry agreed. “Of
course,” he continued musingly, “we could
sink the ship offshore somewhere, and trust
to our wits ot carry us through.”

  Perrin objected. “Then we can’t carry
more than a handful of the ray-stone, and
even if we do damage somehow, how are we
going to get back to the moon for our wait-
ing comrades?”

“That’s true,” Garry nodded. “We’ll
simply have to find some spot where the
visors can’t get at us, to park the old boat.” '
A memory struggled dimly in Naomi’s
consciousness. Her maid Emma!

  “I have it,” she cried delightedly. “The
very place.”

  “Where?”

  “In the Great Mid-Continent Park. Re-
member I told you Emma went there to hide
herself from my father’s wrath. It’s the
only wild territory left in the Americas. The
Rockies cut right through it, you know. Full
of ravines and gorges and shaded glens.
Very few people there at this time of the
year—there’s snow on the mountains yet.
And only a handful of rangers.

  “Emma knows the chief—he’ll be loyal.
We can easily hide the ship in an inaccessi-
ble cleft, and use that as a base for oper-
ations. Besides,” she ended with a little
wistful smile. “I’ll be very glad to see
Emma again. She was like a mother to
me, even though she was only a Worker.”
“The very place!” Garry wasted no fur-
ther comment. He made his decisions
swiftly.

  A lever closed the gyrocopter vanes and
the expanse of wings, another shut off the
turbines from their roaring action. A but-
ton, and the rockets spurted in continuous
sheets of flame. Once more they were a
rocket flier, hurtling through the strato-
sphere at half a mile a second to their new
destination.

  In two hours its change-over was made.
The gyrocopters held them motionless over
a vast wilderness of serrated peaks that
thrust their hoary heads boldly into the air.
Halfway up their slopes, and as far around
as the visors showed, was a tangle of dense
forests and rushing, tumbling silver streams.
Not a sign of life in thousands of square
miles, not a curling smoke drift, not a habi-
tation to show that man or his works had
over defaced the primitive wilderness.

  A hundred years before, the World Coun-
696

WONDER STORIES

cil had ruthlessly evacuated and turn down
town after town within this area, replanted
it with stately pines and cedars, and de-
creed that forever this was to be natural
parkland, inviolate. Only the Aristocrats
were permitted to enjoy its marvelous pos-
sibilities as a playground; the Workers were
rigorously excluded, except for the neces-
sary rangers and foresters.

CHAPTER XVIII.
A Sudden Onslaught

GARRY and Rade Perrin hung entranced
over the glamorous view. Rade had
never been out of New York while on earth,
and Garry had zipped over it countless
times, but fifty miles up, where the land-
scape was only a blur. Naomi had been
there several times, but even to her the
tumbled mountains and stately forests were
an ever-present delight.

  “The problem is where to land,” Garry
broke the silence. “Some place where we’ll
not be seen. Do you know of any, Naomi?”
She shook her head. “I can’t seem to
place our position,” she confessed. “It
looks quite different from the air than when
you’re on the ground.”

  Garry cruised slowly along, just clearing
several jagged peaks, his keen eyes search-
ing the terrain.

  “I hope the visors don’t catch our im-
age,” Perrin sounded worried.

  “That’s a chance we’ll have to take,“ was
Garry’s grim response. Then he leaned for-
ward over the scope, holding the ship mo-
tionless. When he straightened, his face
showed his relief.

  “Just the spot for us. Made to order.
A canyon, just broad enough to let us
through. The bottom seems to widen out a
bit. There’s a stream running through it.”
Very gently he set the great liner down.
A precipitous mountain loomed to one side
as they dropped, cutting off their sight with
a vast wall of rock. Down, down they
went. The canyon swam into view, a curv-
ing gash in the wooded slope. Garry jock-
eyed into position, and eased the boat very
carefully into the yawning gap. A tense

moment as she settled. Was there sufficient
clearance? A shuddering scrape on one
side, a bump on the other, and the tired old
freighter drifted by imperceptible stages to
the grassy floor of the chasm, came to rest
with hardly a tremor.

  It was a perfect landing! Garry was se-
cretly proud, for he was a rocket flier, not
a plane pilot. But his face was as calm as
ever, as he opened the wide exit door.

  “Now for a breath of real air, that smells
of trees and pastures, not of filthy chem-
icals.”

  With one accord they moved to the door,
sniffing eagerly the odorous wind that la-
ready had glided into the stuffy interior.
The way lay past the cargo checker’s cage,
where the supercargo hand-checked each bale
as it was brought into the hold, in the days
when the old craft had been a freighter.
Now the /cubby hole was dark, useless, un-
tenanted.

  Naomi was the first to hear the rustling
sound, the stealthy tread. She turned
swiftly. A startled scream rang out, a
scream of warning. It was too late! Garry
went down in a bloody heap under the
smashing impact of the uplifted bludgeon.
Rade Perrin whirled just in time to catch a
glimpse of the bearded, hate-filled face, the
heavy cudgel raised high to strike. He
threw up his hand toward the threatened
blow, and tried to dodge. The descending
weapon broke down his guard, caught him
glancing on the forehead. Ho too dropped
with a' little moan and lay still.

  Naomi darted in, a fury of beating fists.
“You—you!” she choked with the intensity
of hei1 wrath. But she was no match for the
assailant. A powerful arm shot out, caught
her in a grip of steel. In spite of her fur-
ious strugglings, the man bound her swiftly
and expertly with a length of rope he drag-
ged out of the cage. She lay helpless, watch-
ing him proceed coolly to truss up the two
unconscious men.

  “Thought I was lying dead and frozen
up there on the moon, didn’t you?” growl-
ed Farr as he finished his task. A vicious
kick drove into the ribs of the unconscious
Parker. “See how you like that, Mr.
Leader!”
EXILES OF THE MOON

697

  “Stop that, you brute! Coward, kicking
an unconscious man! You wouldn’t dare
if he was able to fight back.” Jeris whirled
to her, a vicious snarl twisting his mouth.

  “Who’re you calling a coward? Me?
Think again, lady. I’d like to know who
else could have gotten out of the mess I
was in? It’s taken guts, I tell you.”

  “Sneak! Traitor!” the girl was finding
an unholy satisfaction in thus baiting the
man who had finally ruined all Garry’s
plans and hopes. Satisfaction, and refuge
from hysteric weeping. She’d never break
down in front of Farr—never. Her little
fists clenched, and she spat another epithet
at him. “Fool!”

A ROARING laugh came from Jeris.
“Fool, am I? That’s the best joke yet.
It’s Parker who’s the fool, and that ape Pur-
tell. They thought they’d gotten rid of me,
huh. Kickin’ me out to die.

  “Hell, I near split my sides laughin’ just
as soon as I got out o’ sight. There was the
ship, restin’ nice and pretty without a single
guard on board. There was plenty o’ food
on her for one man, and plenty o’ hiding
places. So I just opened the door an’ walk-
ed in. Snug as a bug in a rug I waited for
what I knew had to happen.

  “You guys had only enough grub left for
a month or so. An’ you couldn’t get any
more, I’d damn well taken care o’ that.
Somebody would have to sail the ship back
to earth. Mebbe the whole colony, mebbe
only a delegation. But sooner or later,
back to Earth she’d have to go. So all I
had to do was to wait.”

  He paused, and chuckled. “Too bad I
didn’t know how to run the ship myself.
That would have been the best joke of all,
to leave you stranded on the moon while
I piked off on my lone. I’d like to have
done it.”

  “What do you think you’re going to do
now?”

  The little pig eyes wandered slowly over
Naomi’s prostrate figure, “I know what I’d
like to do,” he muttered to himself. Aloud,
however, he said: “That’s easy. I’m going
back there in the cubby-hole to get my com-
munication disk, ami I’m goin’ to let Henry

 of the Fenton’s know that I’ve got his daugh-
 ter here for him, and also the guy that
 swiped her. Guess there won’t be a nice
 little reward fer Jeris Farr when that news
 gets to New York? And won’t I laugh
 when I see Parker gettin’ what’s cornin’ to
 him!”

   “Oh, you couldn’t, wouldn’t dare.”

   “I wouldn’t, huh? Watch,” and the rene-
 gade started off to carry out his threat.

   “Hey there, what’s all this?” a gruff
 voice started Farr into whirling again. In
 the entrance stood a burly figure, clad in
 the forest-green of the Park Rangers. Hisj
 gnarled hands held a paralyzing projector.
 No Worker was permitted under any circum-
 stances to handle more lethal weapons.
 “Stick up your hands!”

   Farr’s hairy arms went slowly over his
 head.

   “Now, suppose you do some explaining.
 You’ve got plenty of it to do too—you’ve
 broken about every Park regulation there
 is.” The ranger mouthed the list lovingly:
 “Unauthorized Workers present in Park.
 Landin’ rocket-ship in Park; Disorderly con-
 duct in Park; Enterin’ the Park by other
 than the designated air-ways; Not reportin’
 presence in Park at entrance air-ways; and
 a skintillion others. It’s goin’ to take me
 a half a day to telewrite my report on this.

' Where the devil did you come from, that
 you don’t know the rules?”

   “We just came from the moon, officer
 and—”, Farr began to be interrupted by a
 raucous laugh.

   “From the moon, is it! So ye’re trying
 to kid me, are yeh! Well, no prisoner has
 kidded John Matson yet!”

   “What did you say your name was, John
 Matson?” Naomi’s eyes had opened wide,
 she was writhing herself to a sitting position.

   “That’s right, John Matson.” Instinctive-
 ly a note of respect crept into the man’s
 voice as he replied, though there was noth-
 ing to indicate that the girl was other than
 a Worker.

   “Then you know Emma White?”

 The man started, a veil dropped over his
 eyes; “Emma White?” hs repeated slowly.
 “You do, I know you do. Many a time
698

WONDER STORIES

has she spoken your name. Your wife was
her sister, Julia White.”

  “Who’re you?” the astounded Matson de-
manded.

   “Naomi of the Fentons, Emma’s mistress.”
“What! In them clothes!” The ranger
stepped forward, then paused. “I don’t
know what you’re talking about. I don’t
know no Emma White, and what would a
Worker like me have to do with Naomi of
the Fentons?”

  “Oh,” exasperatedly, “Don’t be stupid.
I’m not a spy, looking for Emma. If she’s
here, call her. She’ll soon tell you who
I am.”

Into the Forest

THE big forest-keeper looked from Na-
omi to Farr, his eyes shifted to the
recumbent forms of Garry and Perrin, then
back again to Naomi. At last he said; “Well
I dunno. Mebbe you’re tellin’ the truth.
Mebbe even this guy, what says you come
from the moon, ain’t lyin’. But it looks
mighty queer to me. All o’ this looks
queer, with the three o’ you tied up.”

   This gave Jeris Farr the cue he was wait-
ing for. “Listen,” he broke in eagerly. “It’s
all true. She is Naomi of the Fentons. And
that’s the man she ran away with. Do you
know what that means to you? You’re a
made man, just play along with me, help me
get word to Henry of the Fentons, and you’ll
be able to ask for whatever you want.”
“Oh, so that’s the way the land lies, is
it? Here, get them hands up, an’ keep ’em
up.” Thstw was no friendship in Matson’s
grim voice. “Say, Miss, I’m beginning to
dislike this guy. I tell you what I’ll do.
I’m goin’ to tie him up like the others. An’
then you an’ I are goin’ to take a-.little
walk.”

  “You damn fool, you’re throwing away
the opportunity of a lifetime!”

  “Oh, yeah. Now, here’s some nice rope
that’ll fix you up pretty. S-o-o-o. Now,
you kin put them hands down. So-o-o-o, and
so-o-o. There, that’s a pretty good job.
Now lay down, like a nice leetle boy.—Oh,
you won’t huh! You may be a big guy on
the moon, but you’re just -a blowhard in

Mid-Continent Park. Now! I don’t think
you’ll wander very far, till John Matson
sez that you kin.”

  Farr lay, neatly trussed up, the end of
the rope that bound him fastened to a steel
stanchion. A not-too-clean wad of waste had
been shoved into his mouthy to quell the
stream of profanity that had accompanied
Matson’s operation.

  “All right, Missy, now we’ll cut your
ropes, and we’ll take that little walk I
spoke of before.”

  “And the boys too,” Naomi begged eager-
ly, as the ranger’s keen knife sliced through
her lashings.

  “Nosser. Not them,” flatly refused Mat-
son. Again that queer gleam peeped from
his eyes. “They lay here till we take that
walk.”

  “Then let me take care of them.” The
girl, freed, sprang to her feet, ran to the
prone Garry. She kneeled; “Garry, dear,
are you badly hurt.” His head was in her
arms, white fingers searched gently through
the thick blond hair.

   Garry stirred, groaned. His eyes opened,
stared dazedly. “Wha-what happened?”
“Farr ambushed you, hit you on the head.”
“Farr. Why he’s dead?”

   “No, he’s alive, too much alive. But just
a minute, while I take care of Rade.”

  The boy had also come to. His face lit
as the girl knelt at his side. “I’m quite all
right, Naomi of the Fentons. Don’t trouble
yourself about me.” His eyes were big with
admiration. “How’s the Chief?”

   “Oh, I’m so glad neither of you are hurt
badly.” Naomi’s eyes danced. “Listen
boys, I think our troubles are pretty well
over. She told rapidly the events of the
past fifteen minutes. “John Maston^’ she
wound up, “is the person to whom I sent
Emma from the ZZ special embarkation
field in New York. And she must still be
here, even though her brother-in-law is so
reluctant to admit it. I’m going with him,
and you boys just rest here quietly. I’m
sure everything will be all right.” Naomi
was expressing a confidence she did not feel
for Matson was acting in a troublingly
queer manner.
EXILES OF THE MOON

699

  “All right, Mr. Matson, I’m ready to go
with you.”

  The man in forest green bent over the
recumbent forms of Garry and Perrin, his
brawny hand tugged and tested their bonds.
He was evidently taking no chances of
Naomi’s having covertly freed her friends.

  “Okay. Come on. You go ahead of me
so’s I can keep an eye on you.”

  A zigzag, narrow path led up the preci-
pitous side of the ravine into which the
rocket-ship had descended.

  As the path came over the lip of the cliff
it plunged at once into the depths of a for-
est. Giant pines soared two hundred feet
from the very brink of the precipice, their
far spreading boughs meeting and interlac-
ing to form an almost, continuous green
roof.

  Naomi breathed deep of the fragrance, and
new life flowed into her. Even the watchful
eyes of her escort, the projector held ready
for action, could not disturb the feeling of
well-being that pervaded her. It was good
to be back on Earth again, good to feel the
soft slither of the humus beneath, the cool
touch of the breeze on her cheek!

4	6 O *TOP here!” her armed escort snap-

  O	ped suddenly. The curt command
formed the first sounds to come from his lips
since they had left the ship. There was a
little clearing, where the tail-springing trees
opened a space, and a thicket of man-high
bushes had taken their place. The dim trail
dived into the thicket, followed a tortuous
course where one could scarce see a hands-
breath in front.

  The girl halted. Matson stood, listening,
a moment, then whistled. Three notes, as-
cending, a pause, a trill. From somewhere
ahead, startlingly close, the call was repeat-
ed. A gangling youngster appeared, gog-
glin-g at the girl. He too, was in forest
green, carrying a paralyzer.

  “Here Jim, I want you to do something.”
Matson put an arm around the youth’s
shoulder, whispered in his ear. “You un-
derstand?” the older man finished, aloud.
“Now snap into it!”

  Jim bobbed his head, turned, and was
gone. Naomi rubbed her eyes. He had dis-

appeared into the green so quickly, so noise-
less was his passage through the thickly in-
terlaced bushes, that she thought she had
imagined his presence.

  “Go on about ten yards, we’ll wait there.”
The girl walked forward. An opening
had been hacked into the greenery, a boul-
der invited her. She sat down. Her guide
stood silently. She noted that his. vigilance
had not relaxed, the projector was tensed
for quick action.

  A soft rustling sounded in the bushes be-
yond. Naomi turned to its source, but tfte
foliage was too thick. The noise came nearer,
then stopped. Only for a moment, though.
Hien there erupted into the clearing a bux-
om, gray haired woman, the pastel orchid
of her silken Domestic Worker’s dress flut-
tering with the speed of her coming. Her
arms were outstretched.

  “Miss Naomi! Miss Naomi! Is it really
you? Oh, how I’ve cried and cried, won-
dering what had become of you.” The ex-
cited hands fluttered over the girl, as if to
assure themselves that she was no phantom.

  Naomi was standing, her face glowing.
For a moment she struggled with the old
hauteur of the class she had forsworn, then
her arms went out around the form of her
old nurse, her head was pillowed on the
ample bosom. Sobs choked her.

  “Oh Emma, it’s so good to see you
again!”

  “There, there,” crooned the woman.
“Don’t you cry, dear. Emma’s right here,
nobody can hurt you.” The dimpled, pudgy
hands stroked the girl’s hair. The words,
the old familiar action, took Naomi back to
her childhood.

' “Emma, tell that man to go right down
and untie my Garry.” Just so had she
pouted, many years ago, and said, “Emma,
tell that boy to let my doll alone.”

  “You, John Matson, where have you got
her man tied up? Go, let him free at once,
or your life won’t be worth living.”

  “All right, Emm, now that I’m sure this
young lady is who she said she was. I
thought mebbe they was spies, ’specially
when she asked for you.”

  “Spies. You big fool, couldn’t you tell
this was my Miss Naomi? Now you just
700

WONDER STORIES

  hustle right along and bring up her Garry.”
  “And Rade Perrin too,” added the girl,
  “but be careful that awful Jeris Farr doesn’t
  get away.”

    Matson strode away. Emma turned back
 to her mistress.

    “Dearie, what have they been doing to
 you. You’re so thin, and worn looking.
 I’ve worried myself sick over you. Where
 have you been, all these months?”

    “I’ve been on the moon, nursie dear.”
  “On the—*!” An expression of alarm
  crossed the woman’s face, quickly replaced
  by solicitude. “Yes, of course, you’ve been
  on the moon. Now you just come with old
  Emma, and everything will be all right.” #
  “But, Emma, I’m not crazy. I have been
  on the moon.”

    “Hush, child. Don’t excite yourself. Just
  be easy. Emma’s here to take care of you.”

CHAPTER XIX.

Conquer or Destroy!

 n ee, jumping Jehosaphat, I wish I’d
 VJT been with yez!” the boy Jim burst
 forth, as Garry finished his sketchy outline
 of their adventures. He had touched only
 the high spots, being especially carefuly to
 avoid all mention of the ray-stone of Ty-
 cho. These people appeared friendly, but
 there was no use taking unnecessary chances.
 The safety of Naomi, Perrin, and himself,
 the success of their mission, the salvation of
 Purtell and the others left behind on the
 moon, depended on their utmost circum-
 spection.

    The concrete cabin of the ranger was com-
  fortable. The chillness that still lingered
  in the night-air at this high altitude was
  dissipated by the warm glow of a rad-chro-
  heater, tapping the world-wide power waves
  that reached even this remote wilderness.
  The same invisible source provided light
  too, and heat for the gleaming cook-stove in
  the corner.

A simple people, they appeared, the burly

#	ranger and his wife Julia, a buxom coun-
 terpart of her sister Emma. Two rangy
 apprentice lads, Jim Tolley, whom they had
 already met, and Mat Fistel, completed the

roll of the little outpost in the woods. Garry
studied them, covertly, as he talked. Would
they aid him?

  His gaze shifted to Naomi. Brave girl!
She seemed ill at ease under the fluttering
attentions of her old nurse and maid. Months
of self-reliance had done that for her. Rade
was hunched over the heater, his fine drawn
face pale, his eyes two glowing coals that
followed Naomi’s every move. A livid welt
showed on his forehead, where Farr’s blow
had landed.

  Jeris must be cold in that outhouse, where
he had been taken, blindfolded, from the
ship. What the devil could be done with
the fellow? Impossible to kill him in cold
blood, yet, living, he was a constant men-
ace to their plans. If he escaped again, got
in touch with the Aristocrats! True, he
would not know the exact location of the
rocket-ship, Matson had seen to that, lead-
ing the blinkered rascal by devious routes
to the improvised prison he now occupied.

  From the corner of his mouth Matson
shot a brown stream of tobacco juice straight
into the moss-filled receptacle, ten feet
away. “Wall,” he drawled, “you fellows
have done a sight o’ scrappin’, and’ I guess
I’ve gotta believe that you have been to th’
moon an’ back—but—tell me—how much
the farther have yez got? Seems to me that
the folks yez left up there are bound to die
o’ starvation, an’ you three here—we kin
hide yez here fer a while, but in th’ long
run yez must be found by the yella men.
Much as I hate to say it, after the fight yez
have put up, but it would have been better
had yez just lain down on that island and
let the gas kill yez.”

  Garry came to a sudden decision. These
people had hidden Emma, had shown every
desire to aid him and his companions thus
far. Why, they had already involved them-
selves so deeply in defiance of the Aristo-
crats that their lives were forfeit. Living here
in the great forest, subject to a minimum
of supervision, they were not as abject as
the great majority of the Workers of the
World. There was no servile bowing of
those straight shoulders, frank eyes looked
straight at one when they talked. He caught
EXILES OF

THE MOON

701

Naomi’s eye, a silent question, a signalled
approval. He plunged.

  “You would be right, Matson,” he said,
gravely, “were it not for one thing. On the
moon we found something that’s going to
make it possible for us to challenge the
power of the Aristocrats, to demand free
pardon and safety for our comrades. No,
far more,” his eyes glowed as a vision rose
before them.

  “We have in our hands a weapon that
will enable us to force the Aristocrats to
their knees, that gives us the strength to de-
mand for all the Workers their share of the
Earth’s goods. The little group right here
in this room can reform the world.”

  The peal of his ringing voice ceased. A
silence fell. John Matson’s eyes bored into
Garry’s, an inscrutable mask had dropped
over his bronzed features. At last he spoke;
and strong emotion vibrated in his deep,
slow voice.

  “You be not fooling-me, man. Don’t
don’t tell me that ’tis a tissue o’ lies that
you spin. To free our people from the iron
clutch o’ the Masters! To make o’ the
Workers men again, not slaves! ’Tis the
thing I have dreamed of these many years,
as I’ve wandered through the clean-green
woods, and watched even the very rabbits
play in the freedom that is denied to men.”

  He shook his head. “Nay, ’twill be of no
use. I too have busied myself in plannin’,
foolish schemes o’ gatherin’ here in the wil-
derness a great army o’ Workers. But then
I wud go tuh the cities on my furlough
weeks, and despair. On the one side were
the Aristocrats, strong, confident, guarded
by the yellow police whom Sadakuchi o’
the Samurai heads, almost inhuman ma-
chines o’ destruction. On the other, an un-
armed mob' o’ slaves. Why, a full three-
quarters o’ the Workers are beast-content
with their lot, wud lift not a little finger to
battle for liberty. An’ nine-tenths o’ the
rest are a flock o’ headless sheep, ready to
run if an Aristo so much as scowls at ’em.
So I’d slink back to my trees, and fergit my
dreams.

  “And now, you come. You tell me you’ve
bin to th’ moon. You have a weapon that
the Aristos cannot stand against. Mebbe

so, mebbe so. But you will not succeed.
The Workers will not stand by you. No
matter how strong the weapon you place in
their han’s, they will not use it.”

  Gary smiled bitterly. “You tell me
nothing I do not know already, John. Even
with the little group I led those slave traits
you speak of have given me greater trouble
than the very enemies, human and natural,
from whom I have fought to save them.
That fellow tied up outside is an example.
But,” and his face showed grim and power-
ful, “this power we bring from the moon
needs no great army of Workers, no tre-
mendous uprising of Slaves. What I said
before I meant literally. The little group
in this room, unaided, can defeat the Aristo-
crats, dictate a reformation of the World.
We can conquer the Earth, or destroy it!”

MIDNIGHT. A full moon spread a sil-
very blanket of light 'over the tops
of the pine forest in the deep fastness of the
Rockies. Apparently from the very side
of a craggy peak a man-bird soared, a scar-
let Arrow runabout, with a black WC em-
blazoned on its nose. Naomi of the Fen-
tons was again driving her gyrocopter, hid-
den for half a year in a mountain cave, care-
fully tended. Straight up into the New
York directional beam the whirling vanes
lifted its load—Naomi, Garry, Rade—and
—black and mysterious under the seat—a
great metal box filled with white lumps of
the ray-stone of Tycho.

  “Wasn’t it lucky, Garry, that I had left
my old travelling robe in the plane?”

  Garry looked fondly at his beloved. Once
more she wore the garb of an Aristocrat,
and his pulse leaped as he realized anew
that this exquisite girl had given up a life
of the utmost luxury for love of him.

  The Arrow reached the two-thousand foot
level, leaped eastward as her automatic con-
trols caught the surge of the beam wave
for which they had been set.

  Beneath the rustling, silver blanketed
tree-tops, Matson, and Jim, and Mat, and
even the two women toiled. The cautious
ranger, skilled in the stratagems of the wild,
had suggested that the ray-stone supply be
stowed away from the ship. “If the yel-
702

WONDER STORIES

low men locate the ship, then yez will still
have the ray-stone to battle with. An’ if
they find the ray-stone, then yez will have
the ship to go and git some more. Where-
as, if yez leave the stone in the ship, and they
find the ship—’tis all over.”

  Drum by drum, tank by tank, box by
box, the long night through, the five Work-
ers carried the precious store through the
dark forest to the cave where the Arrow had
been hidden.

  All night the devoted five had worked,
secure in the covering blanket of the forest
night. At last Matson swung a drum from
his huge shoulder to the dry floor of the
cave.

  “That’s the last. And it’s me that’s glad
there be no more. For the dawn light glim-
mers already in the east.”

  “John!”

  “What is it, Emma?”

  “I thought I heard a rustling in the
brush outside, just before you came up this
time.”

  “Ah, don’t be timorous, woman. There
be no one within fifty miles o’ this place
but us.”

  “And yet, I’m nervous. How about the
prisoner?.”

  “Safe bound in the tool-house. He’ll
never get out of there unhelped.”

  “Are you sure?”

  “Sure as that I be standin’ here. Come,
let’s go away from this place, before the
light breaks. We be all dead for the want
o’ sleep.”

  “I’m goin’ up to the tool-house, to see if
that Farr is still there. I have a queer
feel in’ in my bones.”

  “There’s 110 escapin’ the persistency of you
women. Jim, you go. Then join us at the
house. We can sleep but two hours. Then
we must be up an’ around, as if nothing had
happened. Emma, do not forget, you must
remain hid durin’ the day. ’Twould be too
bad if you should grow careless now, after
all these months.”

*	* * *

  The scarlet Arrow hovered over the leap-
ing pinnacles of the great city, just as the
false dawn grayed in the east. The air was
almost deserted, only the lone green patrol

ships soared here and there above the sleep-
ing metropolis. A slant eyed flier in scar-
let glanced carelessly at the gyrocopter. He
yawned. That Aristocrat woman was out
early, or homing late. Really he should
hail her. But he might get a wigging for his
pains. That was a World Councillor’s ship
—far be it from him to interfere with the
amours of the Aristo women. If the Mas-
ters couldn’t keep their women in order,
’twas no business of his.

SIX months before, he would have been
on the tail of that gyro’ in hurry. A
confidential alarm with the personal signa-
ture of Sadakuchi himself had ripped
through the air for just such a vessel as
this. But that was a long time ago, and
the sleepy patrolman had forgotten it. So
he yawned again, and looked searchingly
down at the police airport. Would that
damned relief of his never come?

  The Arrow drifted slowly down, alight-
ed softly on the old familiar roof. Naomi
slipped from the vessel.. A whispered,
“Careful dear,” came from beneath the cowl-
ing, where Garry and Perrin crouched, hid-
den. She waved a careless hand, belying
the trembling that shook her slight form.

  Had the settings of the alarm signals, the
door seals, been changed? Would they
rouse the house; refuse her admittance?
Here was the crisis of the adventure.

  She stepped into the guardian beams of
the elevator door, her heart thumping as
though it was striving to betray her, to
sound the alarm. But the ornate gold por-
tal slid open—all was well! As the silent
cage descended she thought of the last time
she had been in this moving chamber, the
scene with her father, her imprisonment,
her escape. Lucky that only the door of
her suite had been barred against her. She
must remember not to approach that cor-
ridor.

*	* # *

  To the two cramped in their hiding place,
hours seemed to drag slowly by as they
waited. “Damn it,” Garry breathed in the
ear of his companion, “I shouldn’t have let
her go. Suppose she is caught, suppose
something happens—”
EXILES OF THE MOON

703

  The boy stirred a bit. “She’ll take care
of herself, Mr. Parker. She’s wonderful,
nothing can beat her.”

  “I hope you’re right. God, I hope so.”
And the two crouched silent again.

  A soft step on the roof outside, someone
climbing into the gyro, the long awaited
voice. “Everything’s all right, boys. I left
the message. And here—look what I have
for you.”

  The lifting vanes whirred through a cre-
scendo of power as Garry and Rade seized
the bundle thrust down to them. Two Aris-
tocrat robes—the girl thought of every-
thing!

  “Where now, Garry?”

  “North, above the city limits. The old
Ashokan reservoir, that was drained when the
great aqueduct to the polar ice cap was
completed. The pipe leading from it is a
tunnel thirty feet in diameter. Plenty of
room to hide, plane and all, in that.”

  Ten minutes later the plane zoomed down
to the hiding place. Just as it disappeared
in the gaping aperture of the abandoned
duct a red sun poked its disk over the hor-
izon. A superstitious police pilot, view-
ing New York bathed in the red glow, shud-
dered. “Looks just like blood,” he mutter-
ed to himself, “something terrible is going to
happen.”	*

*	* * #

  Henry of the Fentons rose from the table.
Outside the day had clouded over, was lead-
en dull, dreary. But there a flood of warm
simulated sunlight bathed the heaped flow'-
ers, gleamed from the crystal faceting of the
graceful breakfast service. A young and
pretty Worker woman, her charms enhanced
by the orchid of the Domestic Service, hov-
ered near, unobtrusive, but ready to serve
the World Councillor. No mechanical ser-
vants, no synthetic food, for the Aristocrats.
The art of fine living required human servi-
tors to add the last touch of finesse to lux-
ury.

  A half year seemed to have aged Henry
inordinately. The hair above his temples
was fairly white now, the wrinkles deeper
into the leather of his face. Sometimes,
when he thought himself unobserved, a
haunting sadness softened for a moment the

harsh lines. But that lion head was as
stiffly erect, that stern mouth as uncompro-
mising as ever.

  The oligarch strode through a softly open-
ing panel in the wall. This room, from
■which the western hemisphere was ruled,
had no trace of luxury. Blank walls of
translucent glass, a polished floor of oak.
Square in the centre, a massive desk. The
Fenton started. From the surface of that
desk, which should be bare at this early
hour, a yellow paper stared at him. He
snatched it up.

  “To the World Council,” he read:

  “We hold within our hands the power to
destroy the world!

  At nine a.m., Eastern Standard Time, we
shall demonstrate our power in the City of
New York!

  At ten a.m. we shall make known to you
our demands.

  Unless you accede to those demands, we
shall proceed to make the earth uninhabit-
able.

                     For the Workers.”

THE thick spatulate fingers clenched on
the paper. For a moment he stared,
rage suffusing his face with purple. Then,
a thick voice snapped—“Tokisan!”

On the wall opposite appeared a scarlet
clad, squat, slant-eyed figure. The captain
of the* household guard. “What is it, sir?”
“Someone entered this room last night!
Who was it?”

  “No one, sir. There has been no alarm.”
“You lie! Someone was here and left
this paper on my desk.”

  “Impossible, sir. I tested the seals my-
self after you left. They were in order.
There was no report of any disturbance dur-
ing the night. If any one had forced the
door, we should have known it. Any one,
that is, except you, and—”, he hesitated.
“And who? Talk up, you fool!”

  “And—and the one whose name you have
forbidden us to mention.”

  “My daughter! Were not the seals chang-
ed to bar her?”

  “No, sir.”

  “Why not? Someone will suffer for
that!”
704

WONDER STORIES

  “You gave no orders to that effect, sir.”
Henry of the Fentons glared. Impossible
that she should have dared to enter this
house. Impossible?

  “Place every Worker in the house under
arrest.” The swift commands crackled.
“Search every nook and cranny of the house.
Find out if anyone heard or saw anything
unusual. Report to me at once. Go!”

The figure disappeared from the screen.
The World Councillor picked up his com-
munication disk. “Police headquarters.”
“Police headquarters,” came back the re-
ply. •

  “Henry of the Fentons. Give me General
Yamurai at once!”

  “Sorry sir. The General has just been
called to Level One.- Something is wrong
down there. I’ll try to get him for you as
quickly as possible.”

  “What time is it?”

  “Nine-five, sir.”

  From somewhere without came a dull
rumbling roar. The room semed to vibrate
as if the great tower at whose pinnacle it
was had been suddenly struck by some tre-
mendous force.

#	* * #

  Far underneath the city, beneath even the
teeming industrial activity of Level One,
where the broad stream of the Hudson flow-
ed in darkness to the sea, the white beam
of a hand-flash lit momentarily the drip-
ping brick walls of the great river’s prison.
An answering flash came from far ahead.
Scuttlings, scrapings, the startled squeal of
a water rat on the two-foot runway that
bordered the stream. The flashes showed
again, nearer to one another now. Two dim
forms met in blackness.

  “All right, Rade? No trouble?”

  “Not a bit, Garry,” came the whispered
reply. “The Aristocrat robe Naomi got for
me sure worked wonders. I heard some of
the Workers curse as I passed. I used to
do that myself when one of the inspectors
came through. That’s what they thought

I	was.”

  “Of course, that was the idea. The cops
wouldn’t question you either. Got the ray-
stone placed?”

“You bet. I worked inward from a mile

away from the man-hole, just as you sug-
gested. By the time I reached it I could
already hear shouts coming from where I
started. They’ll never find the stones,
plenty of places to hide them. How’d you
get along?”

  “Great.”

  “There’s only one thing that worries me.
That stuff’s going to hit the Workers first,
poor fellows.”

  “I thought we thrashed that out last
night, Rade. It’s unfortunate, but some of
the Workers will have to be sacrificed to the
common cause. We couldn’t warn them. As
Matson said, ninety per cent of them are too
downtrodden, too bestially content with con-
ditions to back us up. They’d be sure to
give the whole thing away.”

  “That’s true. But it seems tough.”

  “It’s the way of the world, my boy. Every
great reform has been purchased with the
blood and suffering of the very people
it benefited. But enough of this. You shoot
back to Naomi and the gyrocopter. Go back
at once to Mid-Continent Park and load up
with ray-stones, then return just as fast as
you can make it.

  “I’ll hit for Level Three, where the broad-
casters are. I think I know a way to sneak
our demands through.

  “I’ll try to get back to Ashokan by six
this evening. But if something happens,
and I don’t show up, distribute a double
quantity of the ray-stone to-morrow morn-
ing at nine.”

“Do you think the Council will give in?”
“Not if I know them. I expect we’ll
have to give them another dose tomorrow.”

*	* # *

  Down in the Rockies.

  “John, John,” Jim Tolley was shouting
as he ran up the little glade where the Mat-
son cabin stood. “John, he’s gone!”

  The big form of the ranger appeared in
the doorway. “What’s that,” he grasped
the panting youth by the arm, “what’s that
you say?”

  “He’s gone. The prisoner got out!
Look,” he held up a frayed rope, “worked
this against the wall till he wore it through.
There’s blood here. Bet it took him all
night. Then he smashed the door, don’t
EXILES OF THE MOON

705

know what with. Maybe his shoulder, he’s
a powerful brute.”

  “My God! If he gets to the Police we’re
done. Come on, after him. And pray we’re
in time. Damn good thing I took his com-
munication disk away.”

  Matson leaped inside, was out again in
a moment with his paralyzing tube. “Told
Mat to stay here, look after the women,”
he snapped, as the two loped through the
woods. “If the two of us can’t get him,
three can’t.”

  The trail was easy to pick up. Farr was
no woodsman to glide through the forest
without leaving betraying marks. “He got
out just before dawn,” Matson muttered.
“Look, the dew fell on these leaves after his
foot pressed them down, but this moss was
already wet when he passed.”

  “The trail points straight for the cave
where we hid the stone. Think he’s hiding
there, John?”

  “Mebbe. I hope so. But it looks to me
like he musta’ seen or heard something.
Yeah. Look here. He stopped here for a
moment, behind the tree. Sure. There’s my
tracks beyond. And here’s where he bedded
down, watching us at the cave mouth.” The
woodsman was talking more to himself than
to his companion, as he read the message
in the ground, plainer to him than print.

  “The sonuvagun watched us. But not
long. He knows where the stone is, then.
How about the ship? No, see here, it was
on my very last trip that he got here, here
are all the other tracks, beneath his foot-
prints. Thank God for that, at least.”
“Now he angled away, down the slope.
Come on, Jim, we’ve got to hurry. If he
kept on this way he ran right into the police
post, down at the bottom of Three Forks
Gorge.”

  “Kin’ we catch him?”

  “Dunno. He’s had an hour’s start.”
Silently now, the two slid through the
forest, like two hounds on the scent of their
prey. Silently, and fast. But when at last
the trail debouched into a hillside clearing,
the pursuers could see, far below, the pros-
trate figure of the fugitive, tattered, torn,
bleeding—a scarlet clad policeman bend-
ing over him.

  “Hell! Too late!” Jim’s exclamation
was a groan.

  “Mebbe not.” Matson’s face was grim,
his paralysis projector up. “Mebbe he ain’t
had time to say anything.”—A slither of in-
visible emanation. The swarthy form be-
low quivered, lay still. Sometimes death
resulted. Would it this time?

  “Wonder how much he had time to tell?”
the grim-faced Matson muttered as he turn-
ed to flee the scene.

GARRY came out of the mouth of the
tunnel iqto a world of indescribable
confusion. A furious blast of wind howled
past, plucked at him with raging fingers.
He snatched hold of an iron support, pulled
himself back into the tunnel just in time to
avoid being hurled from his feet. Very cau-
tiously, holding on, he looked out again.

  Level One was a wreck. A terrific cy-
clone roared and howled unimpeded down
the great corridors. Countless tons of air
hurtled by in a vain attempt to fill the
vacuum. Timbers, chairs, gyrocopters, ta-
bles, steel girders, and vague darker shapes
that might be people, scudded through the
murk, torn loose from their moorings by
the swift, impalpable air.

  Garry put out his hand. It was almost
wrenched off by the pressure of the invis-
ible blast. He received the impression of
a solid wall moving with incredible speed.
It was hard to breathe, even within the shel-
ter, for the air swirled out to join the hur-
rying tide.

  Parker pressed the “time” button on his
wrist communication disk. “Nine thirty-two
and a half,” intoned the Central Chrono-
meter Broadcast. So Level Three was still
unaffected by the catastrophic storm that
raged beneath it, at least to the extent that
the broadcast systems were still intact. That
was a relief. Only through their function-
ing could he hope to cut in with his ulti-
matum.

  “Hell, I’d never get there alive,” he mut-
tered to himself, “I’ll have to wait for this
to die down. Whew, I’ve seen storms and
storms, but they were mere babes compared
to this one. Wonder how long the ray-stone
will keep sucking up the air?”
706

WONDER STORIES

  It was almost a half hour before his
question was answered. Garry watched the
interminable debris shooting past his place
of refuge, heard the screaming chaos of that
stunned world.

  Then, as abruptly as it had commenced,
the great wind died to a faint whisper. A
kaleidoscope of tossing wreckage crashed
heavily to the ground. The storm was over;
the cached ray-stone had reached the limit
of its absorption.

  Parker’s ears still rang with the sudden-
ly stilled clamor when he ventured out into
an unfamiliar world. Level One was oblit-
erated under a tangle of twisted wreckage.
Here and there in the jumbled mass were
things that caused him to avert his eyes
quickly. Remorse welled within him. All
these men had been killed by him, just as
directly as though he had used a ray-gun.
Was the cause worth it?

  “Yes,” he said angrily tc himself, “only
a few are slain of all the Workers; there
are myriads who some day would bless this
morning’s work.” So he stilled his uneasy
conscience, hurrying along the deserted cor-
ridor as fast as he could.

  There was only five minutes to cut in on
the broadcasting from Level Three. The
moving ways were out of commission; no
doubt the spiral aseendors were also smash-
ed. He dared not use the elevators. The
whole Avay would have to be made on foot.

  In all his journeying through hurricane-
twisted Level One, not once did he come
upon the slightest sign of life. He felt the
desolation more than on the reaches of the
Moon. There at least it was natural; but
here it was man-made; he, Garry, had done
this.

  He climbed painfully up the choked sta-
tionary ascendor into Level Two. As he
swung out of the entrance into the common
amusement street, once gay with cold light
radiance, he found himself suddenly envel-
oped in a world of nightmarish shadows and
screams and thudding feet.

  The long corridor, ordinarily dedicated
to garish pleasures, was filled with running,
gesticulating Workers, a surging mob im-
pelled by panic fear, flowing like a resist-
less tide—toward the aseendors to Level

Four! A lank, squint-eyed individual, his
clothes awry, a deep gash dripping blood
from his pasty face, ran headlong into
Garry.

  Garry braced himself under the blow, and
cried angrily to his assailant. “Here,
what’s the idea?”

  The Worker shook himself clear. His
squinting eyes were lit with madness, with
stark unreasoning fear.

  “It’s cornin’ again, I tell you. At ten
o’clock! We’ll all be wiped out. The
Aristos are killing us Workers. The lower
levels’ to be blown up. Up to Level Four.
’S our only chance!”

  And shouting unintelligently, he ran on.
Others, grim faced, panic-stricken, best-
ial, were roaring by in a common flood.
“On to Level Four!”

  “Kill the bloody Aristos!”

  “I heard him say as plainly as I hear
you—ten o’clock we let loose again.”

  “It’s not enough to send us to the Idlers’
Colonies—they want tuh get rid uv us all
at once!”

  And above the confused clamor rose a
steady, ominous roar that became a welded,
beating chant of hate.

  “Kill the Aristos! Kill! Kill!”

THE Workers were trapped rats, turn-
ing at bay to snarl and snap at their
oppressors. A revolution was under way—
unorganized, desperate, impelled by fear
and the sights of Level One!

  Garry felt a fierce surge of exultation.
The Workers, the meek submissive slaves,
were aroused. They thought the Aristo-
crats had engineered the cataclysm below,
had deliberately planned their extinction.
He had not planned this, but perhaps this
was the way out—destroy Level Four, the
home of the Aristocrats, beat them to their
knees. For a moment he envisioned him-
self the leader of this disorganized erup-
tion.

  Then cold reason descended on him,
chilled him to the bone. These poor devils,
what could they do, unarmed, against the
discplined battalions of Police that even
now were congregating on Level Four.
Ray-guns, disintegrators, paralyzing pro*
EXILES OF THE MOON

707

jectors—why, they’d sweep the attacking
horde into nothingness.

 The howling berserk Workers were
snatching up metal rods, table legs, every-
thing movable that might serve as a wea-
pon. Gleaming machines were torn to
pieces by frantic naked hands for the metal
pistons, struts and rods. Then with one
voice the great flood roared on:

  “On to Level Four! Death to the Aris-
tos!”

  Garry awoke to the necessity of doing
something, of stopping the inevitable
slaughter . He hurled himself into the push-
ing, jostling mass. Head down, fists and
elbows flying, he transformed himself into
a human battering ram. He must reach the
ascendor before too many of the madmen
had rushed to meet extinction. At length,
bruised, battered, bloody, he found a pre-
carious foothold on the guard-rail over the
motionless ascendor.

  Balancing himself unsteadily, he raised
his hand, shouted to make himself heard
above the tumult of the strugglng mob.

  “Friends, Workers!” he bellowed at the
top of his lungs, “you are mad, insane.
Sadakuchi’s Police are waiting for you in
Level Four. They’ll blast you into noth-
ingness. Not a man will survive. Down
with the Aristocrats, I say too. But not this
way. Leave it to me. I know a way to
beat them at their own game.”

  The great voice soared over stilling cries,
as the Workers paused at the sight of this
strange figure haranguing them. A sea of
blood-stained faces. Garry exulted. He
had them listening. They would under-
stand.

  Then suddenly, out of the uncanny calm,
came a single angry shout. “It’s a bloody
Aristo! Kill the—!”

  A roar went up, the snarl of wolves
sniffing blood. A tossing ocean of weapons,
of insane fists. Garry looked at his still
outstretched arm in a spasm of horror. He
still had on his Aristocrat cloak! Then the
furious mob was upon him!

  He was torn off his perch, went under a
storm of blows and clawing fingers that
sought to tear him into little bits. A myriad
feet stamped and pounded on him. Still

fighting, Garry gave hmself up for lost. He
wriggled and squirmed, warded off as best
he could the hail of fists and legs.

  Then there was a surge over and beyond
him. “Ten o’clock—” the cry went up—
“let us through; Level Two is going to be
blown up.”

  In an ecstasy of fear, the combatants for-
got their victim, shoved in stark panic up
the ascendor, trampling each other in their
mad rush to be out of the doomed area be-
fore the expected blow of the Aristos fell.

  Somehow Garry managed to totter to his
feet. He was engulfed, swallowed up, a
helpless chip tossed aloft in the vast flood.
Up>, ever up, the rush carried him, past
Level Three: that was a hazy glimpse of
power and television units, onto the choked
ascendor to Level Four.

  A last surge and he was spewed out into
the ordered magnificence of the abode of
the Aristocrats. Garry just had time to
envision the great crystal palaces, the lovely
gardens, on this roof of their world, as the
maddened Workers spread out in a disor-
derly flood, when he saw something straight
ahead.	,

  The Police! Ranks on ranks of them,
yellow men, trim, disciplined, silent! A
single officer stood coolly in front, survey-
ing the erupting Workers.

  The mob was crazy now. The pushing,
driving fear from below and the sight of
the hated Police ahead, awoke frenzied rage
in their breasts. With cries of execration
and hideous blasphemes they rushed upon
the waiting foe.

GARRY saw the arm of the officer go
up. He knew what that meant. Heed-
less of being trampled, he threw himself
flat on the ground. Above his quivering
back he felt a stab of searing, heat. The
ray guns!

  Screams of anguish, wails of fear, and
glowing twisted bodies fell in heaps all over
the crystal surface. Garry was submerged
in a deluge of smoldering forms.

  Then above the piteous cries of the tor-
tured rose a fierce animal-like shout. He
twisted and gasped his Way from under
the charred bodies.
708

WONDER STORIES

  The great crystal level was a seething
mass of fighting, clawing men. The Work-
ers in their multitdinous numbers had
broken the ranks of the Police.

  A thrill ran through Garry. Though he
knew it was suicide, though he knew the
Police would reform and mow down the
embattled Workers, he could not restrain
himself. With a wild cry that sounded
strange in his ears, he hurled himself into
the fray.

  What followed was forever dim in his
memory. Somewhere he snatched up a
steel rod. He saw a Policeman levelling
his deadly ray-gun. A crash of the heavy
rod, and down went the yellow man in a
tangle of gore.

  Garry went mad, utterly, triumphantly
mad. His bloody weapon swung and
crashed. Men dropped their cudgels, sprang
upon the Police to hammer them with bare
fists, to strangle them with animal snarls.

   But slowly, inevitably, the Police reform-
ed. Garry had a glimpse of a cold, unflust-
ered, aloof Oriental, a single star on his
shoulder strap, issuing calm commands into
his communication disk. Sadakuchi! Park-
er saw red, rushed for him. He collided
heavily with another Worker, stumbled and
fell. That saved his life!

  A withering blast from ray-guns, disin-
tegrators, swept the crystal plain. A para-
lyzing beam, deflected somehow, caught him.
He sank into unconsciousness.

*	* *

   As he weltered out of the influence of the
ray, he heard a murmur of voices, faint,
far-off at first, then clearer.

  “Hello, here’s an Aristocrat. How’d he
get here?”

  “That’s funny, thought they were all hid-
ing in their palaces, leaving the dirty work
to us.”

  Garry’s eyes opened slowly.

  “Sssh!” A warning hiss.

  It was ludicrous to see two members of
the Police jumping to attention. All over
the great area were strangely contorted
piles of bodies. Not a live Worker was to
be seen. The Police in little groupe were
searching methodically.

   “Are you hurt, sir?” There was a note
 of respectful solicitation in the officer's

 voice.

   Garry shook his head weakly. Now he
 thanked his stars for the Aristocrat cloak—
 a wounded Worker would get short shrift.
 Perhaps they would let him go.

   But his hopes were dashed.

   “That’s very good, sir. Would you be
 gracious enough to accompany us?”

   Strong arms set him on his feet gently.

   Garry simulated the haughty indignation
 of an Aristocrat.

  “What do you mean, accompany you?
 You are overbold,- sirrahs. I go my own
 way!” he said cuttingly.

   “Sorry, sir, but those are our orders.
 From the Chief himself. Everyone found
 alive must be brought before him.” Res-
 pectful, but insistent.

   Garry darted a hasty glance around. Not
 a chance for escape.

   “Very well, if I must. But you’ll regret
 this outrage.”

   “I can’t help it, sir,” the Policeman said
 doggedly.

   With a sinking heart he was led through
 a welter of blasted bodies, over to where the
 single-starred officer was standing. He
 racked his brain furiously, but there seemed
 no way out of his predicament. Where
 were Naomi and Rade—were they safe?
 They’d have to carry on.

   Sadakuchi surveyed him coldly, a squat,
 high-cheeked Oriental with an arrogant air
 and a cruel droop to his lips.

  “What have you here,” he purred to
 Garry’s escort.

   One of them explained. “An Aristocrat,
 your Excellency, whom we found lying amid
 the Workers—caught by a paralyzing ray,
 evidently.

   “An Aristocrat, hmm.” Garry felt the
 slant black eyes boring into him. He
 steeled himself for the ordeal.

   Unexpectedly Sadakuchi’s arm shot out,
 ripped open the collar of Parker’s robe.
 Garry started forward, but the Police grip-
 ped him, hauled him back.

   A supercilious sneer spread over the
 Police Chief’s sleek countenance, while
EXILES OF THE MOON

709

Garry raged and struggled.

  “Just as I thought—a Worker masquer-
ading.”

ON Garry’s chest, as on the chests of all
Workers, there had been indelibly im-
pressed at maturity, his number.

  “What is your name?” The arrogant
command snapped at him. Parker was sil-
ent.

  “A rebellious dog! We’ll soon make you
talk. Hufan!” He spoke low into the
communication disk. “Bring me the Work-
er’s Register—C file.”

  Sadakuchi turned away as though he had
forgotten the prisoner’s existence. Garry
strained to get at him. Just one free mo-
ment, he panted, and he’d be satisfied even
if death would follow inevitably. But the
encompassing arms were too strong.

  A gyrocopter whipped through the air,
settled down slowly. A Policeman jumped
out with a fat volume, and handed it res-
pectfully to his Chief.

  Sadakuchi turned the thin metal leaves.
“Ah, here we are—C12574, Garry Park-
er, Rocket Pilot.”

  A subtle sneer enveloped his features.

  “So, you are Garry Parker,” he said con-
temptuously. “Most interesting indeed.
Naomi of the Fentons must have gone mad
to take up with a slave like you.” He
motioned to the waiting Police. “Take him
to the Gaol. I’ll attend to him later!”

  And while Garry was being dragged
away, shouting threats and objurgations,
Sadakuchi meditated.

#	* *

  Henry of the Fentons sat glowering before
his desk. In grim silence he stared straight
ahead, where, in place of what had been a
blank wall of translucent glass, appeared a

vast and moving panorama. There was be-
ing depicted the maelstrom of wild fury,
the mad onslaught of the fear-ridden Work-
ers, the cold battling of the scarlet police,
the flashing ray-tubes of destruction, all the
chaotic scene of the metropolis, so clearly
limned that the watcher seemed in the midst
of it. The clamor and turmoil filled the
room, the shrieks of the dying, the crisp
commands of the police officers, the hoarse
shouting of the rioting Workers, mingling
and merging into an indescribable contin-
uous roar that was the voice of the mob. A
tortured face loomed large on the screen,
crazed eyes stared out at the obligarch, a
shriek of agony—and the face melted into
nothingness. Impassive, no sign of emotion
on the cold mask of his face, Henry sat and
watched.

  A thought seemed to strike the Fenton.
His hand went out, touched a button on the
desk. The noise was stilled; in silent panto-
mime the pictured conflict continued. He
spoke quietly into the diamond communica-
tion disk.

  “Anton.”

  “Yes sir.” The suave voice of his sec-
retary responded.

  “Call a Council meeting for a half-hour
from now. I think this will bring Salis-
bury and Na-jomba around to my idea, that
the idle Workers must be donb away with.”
“Very good sir,” came the non-committal
reply. “Council meeting, thirty minutes
from now.”

  “I shall be here; switch them right on
the screens without bothering to notify me.
“Yes sir.”

  “That will be all.”

(To be concluded)

\	TURN TO PAGE 581
- FOR AN IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT
Science Questions
and Answers

  THIS department is conducted for the benefit of readers who have pertinent queries on modern scientifio
facts. As space is limited we cannot undertake to answer more than three questions for each letter.
( The flood of correspondence received makes it impractical, also, to print answers as soon as we receive
questions. However, questions of general interest will receive careful attention.

                    ASSOCIATE SCIENCE EDITORS

ASTRONOMY

Dr. Clyde Fisher, Ph.D., LL.D.

  Curator, The American Museum of
  Natural History.

Professor Willem J. Luyten, Ph.D.

Harvard College Observatory.

ASTROPHYSICS

  Donald H. Menzel, Ph.D.

  Lick University, University of
  California.

, AVIATION

  Major William A. Bevan,

RS., M.S., M.E.

  Air Corps Reserve, Professor Aer-
  onautical Engineering, Iowa
  State College.

  Professor Earl D. Hay,

B.S., M.S., M.E.

  Head Department Mechanical and
  Industrial Engineering and Pro-
  fessor of Aeronautics, Univer-
  sity of Kansas.

  Professor George J. Higgins,

B.S. Aero. Eng.

  Associate Professor Aeronautical
  Engineering, University of De-
  troit.

 Professor Felix W. Pawlowski,

                   M. & E.E., M.S.
 Department of Aeronautical En-
 gineering, University of Michi-
 gan.

 Professor John E. Younger,

                    B.S., M.S., Ph.D.
 Dept. Mtechjanicfcl Engineering,
 University of California.
 BOTANY
 Professor Elmer G. Campbell
 Transylvania College.

 Professor Margaret Clay Ferguson,
 Ph.D. Wellesley College.

 Professor C. E. Owens

 Oregon Agricultural College
 CHEMISTRY
 Professor Gerald Wendt

Dean, School of Chemistry and
   Physics. Pennsylvania State
   .College.

        ELECTRICITY
Professor F. E. Austin

 Formerly of Dartmouth College.
 ENTOMOLOGY
 William M. Wheeler

Dean, Bussey Institution for Re-
   search in Applied Biology, Har-
   vard University.

MATHEMATICS

 Professor C. Irwin Palmer

 Dean of Students,

 Armour Institute of Technology
 Professor Waldo A. Titsworth, S.M.

 Alfred University.

MEDICINE

 Dr. David H. Keller

 Asst. Supt.,

 Pennhurst State School

PHYSICS AND RADIO
Dr. Lee deForest, Ph.D., D.Sc.
PHYSICS

 Professor A. L. Fitch
 University of Maine.

 PSYCHOLOGY
 Dr. Marjorie E. Babcock,

Acting Director, Psychological
Clinic, University of Hawaii.

          ZOOLOGY
 Dr. Joseph G. Yoshioka

 Yale University.

These nationally-known educators pass upon the scientific principles of all
stories.

Transmutation

Editor, Science Questions and Anstoers:

  Has the transmutation of elements ever been ' per-
formed successfully artificially? Is this likely to lead to
the release of inter-atomic energy ? If so how can it be
done! I know that radium disintegrates automatically
into lead, but this is a natural process. What I want
to know is, hns the transmutation ever been accom-
plished purposefully by men?

                       Ben J. Rieger,

                        Dallas, Texas.

  (The distinguished English scientist, Sir Ernest Ruth-
erford, did succeed in causing transmutation in what
Sir Oliver callcd, “one of the most remarkable experi-
ments made by man.”

  Rutherford had the belief that if he could bombard
th" nucleus of an atom, he could break down the nucleus
and from that disintegration complete atoms of another
substance would be released. He knew, for example,
that the nucleus of the nitrogen atom contained 14 pro-
tons and 7 electrons which balances the 7 electrons
which revolve about the nucleus.

  Since the hydrogen atom consists of one proton and
one electron, Rutherford saw that the nitrogen nucleus
consisted of the building blockB for a nwnber of hydro-
gen atoms. If he could break down the nucleus, the
electrons and protons would naturally cling together
in pairs, and hydrogen atoms would result.

  Rutherford’s problem was to find a method of bom-
bardment that would be effective. He utilized radium,
the gamma rays shooting off at a speed of several
thousand miles per second acting as projectiles af unu-
sual power. His experiment,'at least on the laboratory
scale, was a success. Although the minute nitrogen

710

nuclei were very difficult to hit, thousands of hits by
the radium projectiles did occur and hydrogen flew out
of the nitrogen.

  Naturally no power was obtained from this experi-
ment. In fact energy (the kinetic energy of the rad-
ium projectile) had to be supplied in order to effect the
transihutation. But Rutherford’s experiments do indi-
cate that transmutation is no idle dream. The only
question at Issue is, what is the cost and what do we
get from it.—Editor)

Motion of the Stars

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  I read with interest the questions that E. Y. Ander-
son asked, and your answers in the August number
on page 421, and also studied diagrams.

  Those diagrams, however, brings up another question
and that is—do we ever see the actual position of any
star?

  Take for example a star whoso light would take a
year to reach our earth and during that time that star
has traveled 100,000 miles. Wouldn’t that star bo a
100,000 miles from where we think that we see it?

                       Fred G. Michel,

                        887 Milton 8treet,

                       Oakland, California.

  Mr. Michel’s point is very well taken. Stare are
continually moving and naturally if it takes years for
their light to reach us, they have altered their posi-
tions considerably in the interim. But, for most stars,
this change In position is not apparent to us. The
stars are so very far away that even their motion
(Continued on Page 711)
WONDER

STORIES

711

during: years is insufficient to show any appreciable
change in their position to us.

  It is stated by astronomers, in fact, that there are
less than 200 stars that change their positions in the
.leavens due to their motion by one second of arc per
year and this motion is equivalent to that of the
thickness of a thread seen at five hundred feet. The
greatest proper motion recorded for a star is for V 24S
which moves nine scconds of arc per year.

  Consider, for example, a star at the distance of
Alpha Ccntauri which is one of the nearest stars to
the solar system. Alpha Centauri is at a distance of
25,000,000,000,000 miles from us. Let us assume that
it has a proper motion as fast as 10 miles a second.
Then in four years it would have moved 1,340,000,000
miles.

  But this movement, at'Alpha CentnurTs great dis-
tance from us, is equivalent to the motion of only one
inch seen at a distance of 1900 feet. The star for all
practical purposes is therefore “fixed”.—Editor)

The Dinosaur

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  Your writers have often mentioned great prehistoric
animals in their stories—such as the dinosaur. Did
these animals really exist? What did they really look
like and how large were they? I would appreciate an
answer from you, and if possible some sort of an illus>
tration of one of the beasts.

                      Harvey J. Wright,

                       Sandpoint, Idaho.

  (Dinosaurs did actually exist and roamed the earth
some 30;000,000 years ago. They were the largest of
carnivorous animals and they lived during the age of
reptiles in the company of giant crocodiles and turtles,
flying reptiles, and the great iguanas.

  It is quite possible that the beasts were so large that
they were not quick nor mobile enough to fight out the
struggle for existence in a world of constantly changing
conditions. They perished, but their fossilized remains
have been discovered and reconstructed into n sem-
blance of the originals. The illustration herewith gives
some Idea of their size and the general appearance
of the skeleton.—Editor)

  (The term combustion means “burning”—the com-
bination of a substance with another substance such
as oxygen or chlorine, etc., to produce light and heat.

  Combustion involves only a chemical change in which
light and heat are given off, and the molecules—not the
atoms—are changed in the process.

  Thus, in the burning of coal—when coal or carbon ia
united with oxygen and heat is applied sufficient to
start the combustion—the carbon and oxygen molecules
are united, their identity destroyed and a gas, carbon
dioxide, is formed.

  Once the combustion has started, if it can produce
sufficient heat, it will cause the combustion of more
oxygen and carbon, and be spread through the whole
mass of the coal. In brief, the very combustion of a
molecule of carbon and one of oxygen provides sufficient
heat to start the combustion of two more molecules.

  The atoms of carbon and oxygen are not destroyed.
If the proper process is used the carbon dioxide can be
broken down and oxygen and carbon obtained again.

  Combustion is therefore quite different from the
breaking down of actual atoms in order to release their
energy. Combustion is simply a chemical combination
of substances that yields heat and light. The fire that
accompanies combustion is only the luminous heated
particles.—Editor)

On Pluto

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  Planet X, according to Bodes’ Law, should be in the
neighborhood of four billion miles from the sun, if I am
not mistaken. Have any discoveries of note been made
concerning it?

                       Kae Williams.

                      P. O. Box 275,

                        Loyalton, California.

  (The latest evidence on Pluto (planet X) indicate*
that its distance from the son varies from 4,000,000,000
to 7,400,000,000 kilometers (approximately 2,754,000,000
to 4,630,000,000 miles). It has, therefore, a consider-
ably eccentric orbit. The planet is at present moving
toward the perihelion or shorter semidiameter of its
orbit, and will reach its minimum distance from the

Combustion

Editor, Science Questions and Answers:

  What is really fire, or rather what is really combus-
tion, and how does it come about that the molecules
(if not the atoms) of a body are apparently destroyed,
or scattered and transformed?

  In other words, how does destruction (or transforma-
tion) take place and propagate itself from molecules
to molecules after the first one is ignited? (I was
almost going to say contaminated by that unknown
destruction.)

Why has such destruction of bodies been used solely
to generate heat in other bodies from which power is
created, instead of utilizing that original destruction
(or disintegration), to create a more tremendous force?
Louis Romnnet,

                        10928-125tli Street,

                      Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.

sun about 1989. The Plutonian year is therefore in
the neighborhood of 250 years long.

  The apparent diameter of the planet is about 2Vs*
times that of the earth, or about 20,000 miles. It is
believed by many astronomers that further observation
will show Pluto to be even smaller thaA the earth,
perhaps not much larger than Mars. The planet moves
so slowly in its orbit, covering only 30,000,000 miles
(as compared to about 300,000,000 miles a year cov-
ered by the earth in its orbit) or slightly more than
one degree of arc per year, that we must be patient
for a few decades before definite evidence of its size,
orbit and other characteristics are ascertained.—Edi-
tor)

  Reproduction of a dino-
saur 47 feet long. This was
the largest Carnivore that
ever lived. Its size may be
compared to that of the
man.

(From McFee'fi Wonderful
Story of Science—Crowell)
I

N this department we shall publish every month
your opinions. After all, this is your magazine
aud it is edited for you. If we fall down on the
choice of our stories, or if the editorial board slips
up occasionally, it is up to you to voice your opin-
ion. It makee no difference whether your letter is
complimentary, critical, or whether it contains a good

old-fashioned brick bat. AU are equally welcome.
All of your letters, as much as space will allow, will
be published here for the benefit of all. Due to the
large influx of mail, no communications to this de-
partment are answered individually unless 25c in
stamps to cover time and postage is remitted.

Address all letters for this department to Editor, Wonder Stories, 98 Park Place, New York.

A Form of Energy

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  For several months an interesting but unfruitful
discussion of time travelling has been going on. Read-
ers and authors alike have been submitting all kinds
of thoughts about this subject, the sum total of these
thoughts being practically nothing.

  The reason for this lies with both authors and read-
ers; especially with the former since it is they who
supply most of the ideas about time travelling dis-
cussed in “The Reader Speaks” column without giving
satisfactory explanations of those ideas. Most authors
are content to invent time machines of all sizes and
shapes without attempting to describe their operation.
This chey leave to the reader’s imagination; and if his
imagination happens to be poor, the story may be
spoiled as far as he is concerned. Henry F. Kirkham,
for instance, enters into an exceedingly long-winded,
supposed explanation of the time machine in his story,
“Tho Time Oscillator”, which conveys very little to the
mind of the reader and merely fills space.

  Almost all authors consider time as being a dimen-
sion, preferably the fourth. It appears to me that
these authors have not thought very much about time
for if they had, they would not have chosen the fourth
or any other dimension as the time dimension. The
reason is that if time is imagined to be a dimension,
IT BECOMES PART OF SPACE I The leading phy-
sicists of today believe that time and space are separate
and different. Therefore, when a writer who is writ-
ing a time travelling story seeks a scientific background
for it, whose views should he accept, his own or those
of the bright lights in the field of science? There is
only one answer. Yet authors persist in employing
their own, often incorrect, ideas.

  The point I wish to emphasize is that all time travel-
ling stories ever written would have been more satis-
factory, more interesting, and far more logical if the
authors had considered time as being not a dimension
but. as being A FORM OF ENERGY I

  Mr. Kirkham, however, seems to be definitely at
fault in one place. It is obviously impossible for a
thing to exist before it begins to do so. Yet in Mr.
Kirkham’s “Time Oscillator”, the time machine which
was completed some time after 1900 A.D., goes back
to several thousand years B.C. At the time of Atlan-
tis the* metal used in the time machine was lying in the
ground in the form of ore. It could not possibly exist
in the machine in the form of steel or some such
metal at the same time that it was in the ground as ore.
This same error is true of other authors. I suppose
the sole reply to this accusation is that the author of a
science fiction story may do as he pleases merely be-
cause it is fiction, not fact.

  In my humble opinion, the only time travelling story
published in WONDER STORIES which was worth
the paper it was printed upon was Dr. Breuer’s
“Fitzgerald Contraction”. The value of this story’s
plot was greatly enhanced by the large amount of fact
in the story. Altogether too many stories, time travel-
ling and otherwise, contain too little science to warrant
their being called science fiction, many of them being
just glorified “Wild West” stories.

  As for paradoxes, here is a fairly good one. If a
man travels into the future to see how he is to die,
he will not find out until the moment of his death. It
will then be too late for him to turn back and con-
sequently he will expire. The question is: If someone
sends tlie time machine with the corpse in it back ten
years, will the man come back to life or will he remain
dead? If he revives, Nature will be cheated as he has

already died. But if he does not revive, he will be
dead ten years before he died I Again Nature will bo
cheated 1

  I would bo extremely pleased to continue this dis-
cussion with anyone who might care to communicate
with me.

                       Milton Kaletsky,

                       2301 Morris Ave.,

                     Bronx, N. Y.

  (Mr. Kaletsky makes an indictment against authors
of time travelling stories that they will have to answer,
to clear themselves before the judgment board of our
readers. We invite our authors, therefore, to come
forward and explain away Mr. Kaletsky’s accusations.

  We do not insist, in our editorial policy, that a story
must have a terrific amount of scientific detail; but we
do ask that it have enough to make it plausible. We
received a story from an excellent writer. The scientific
idea was quite original and novel. But although the
writer used considerable scientific detail to explain it,
the editors never became convinced that the device
was plausible. The story was not accepted.

  Each screw or bolt on a machine does not have to
be described; but the net effect of a writer’s description
must be that the reador will say at the end, “Yes, this
could exist.”

  As for the paradox It would certainly be a mixed
up state of affairs, if what Mr. Kaletsky relates should
occur.—Editor)

A Cloud Projector

Editor, WONDER STORIES-.

  The enclosed clipping from tho New York World-
Telegram should be of interest to all who read that
remarkable story, “The Time Projector”.

                      George K. Addison,

                      94 Brandt Place,

                     Bronx, New York.

  German movie fans may soon watch one of their
favorite stars perform in the clouds over Berlin.

  Dr. Manfred Mannheimer, inventor of a “cloud pro-
jection machine,” already has projected into the sky
series of stil 1-photographs during the last few nights.

  They were visible for miles. The inventor, who
hopes to interest advertisers in the apparatus, said it
would be a simple matter to project a cartoon film.
The cartoons would be stenciled through an acid pro-
cess on a metal band to withstand heat of the appara-
tus.

  The machine is a closed box containing two mirrors
arranged to reflect rays of a powerful searchlight
through a stencil.

  (Tho announcement of' the cloud projector, following
so closely on the publication of “The Time Projector'
in WONDER STORIES, is just another Indication that
we must not scorn too quickly the product of our
writers’ imaginations. And those scientific wonders
that are to come will probably dwarf into insignificance
those that we have already seen.—Editor)

Does Exist to Those Who Can See It

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  The Reader Speaks column in August issue certainly
does show that your readers are inclined toward the
mystical and unseen side of humanity. This shows a
move in the right direction. I mean that they are
reaching out ard trying to grasp what lies out of the
reach of the ordinary perceptions.

(Continued on Page 714)
WONDER STORIES

713

wise mane only one! lhmk that over! Slamming:, banging, noisy doors are every-
where. lianish them, and banish the danger of broken glass by demonstrating this re-
markable invention. No wonder you can make up to $15 a day easily 1

■	Kant-Slam Door

                        Check G°-	i TTJ

                              Dept. J-38 SsrlJ i V* I Zfjls

               ■	Bloomfield. Ind.	n

[I Gentlemen: Please rush

                          ■	details of FREE TRIAL OFFER—I am in-
                          i terested in agency for Kant-Slam Door Check.

      ■	Name ....................................

        1 Address ...................................

          « Town ..................State ............

 MING DOORS

Payt&15 a Day
to Salesmen!

Amazing New Invention
KANT-SLAM DOOR CHECK
Doors Silently and Auto-
matically — Operates on New Oil
Principle—-Everlasting—»Low
Priced—NEW

Here is the greatest door silencer ever invent-
ed ! Here is a fortune for men who act quick
and grab the agency for this new patented in-
vention. The Kant-Slam Door Check closes
doors easily, quickly and noiselessly, with a
touch of the finger. The Kant-Slam can
easily be adjusted to close any door at any
speed by turning the handy little screw at the
top of the check. It is the only low priced

door check in the world that keeps a door
open when you want it that way. It is built
on new oil principle which assures a lifetime
of perfect service. Works as well in cold
weather as in hot weather. Takes only two
minutes to install with a screw driver. Any
boy can do it. It is the lowest priced prac-
tical door check on the market, and pays a big
commission!

“Sold 6
in 2 Hours”

This enthusiastic report
conics from R. F. Culver,
of Michigan.

“One installation sold 6
more,” says J. C. Adams,
Ohio.

“Fourteen orders in 1 day,”
Outcalt, Ohio.

J. C. Woodruff, Minn., 6old
7 in one afternoon.

“Four calls — three orders,”
F. E. McDaniel, Indiana.

Full Sized Sample on Miniature Door Furnished

Kant-Slam salesmen work with an actual sample of this amazing invention mounted on
a light weight miniature door. You walk into any home, office, store, or factory build-
ing. In five minutes you convince the man by actual demonstration that the Kant-Slam
will close his doors quietly. You explain that millions of dollars are lost every year by
slamming doors which break the glass. You point out that tons of coal are wasted
every winter by doors standing open. Show him that he can easily afford a Kant-Slam
for every door. In a few minutes the man will order, one, two, three or more.

At Last — A Specialty That Sells In Quantity

Usually you can take only one order from a customer for a specialty. But with the
Kant-Slam you can take orders for as many doors as there are in any home, office, store
r factory. Prospects everywhere ! Four and five profits on every call where you <

Mail Coupon for
Trial OSSer

                                                This proposition is new. You can
                                                easily get in on the ground floor
                                                and reserve a choice territory.
                                                Rush your name on the coupon
                                                below for complete details and
                                                FREE TRIAL OFFER. Or wire
                                                us for action.

                        KANT:SLAM DOOR CHECK CO.

Bloomfield, Ind.

                                     Dept. *^"38

*
714

WONDER

STORIES

 Be Sure
 to Order

  NEXT

MONTH'S

   Issue of

Wonder
Stories
NOW

 from your
 Newsdealer

 or read the message
 on page 718 of this
 issue.

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 712)

  Mr. Glasser's letter shows a highly developed interest
in the work that I believe this magazine stands for.
The human Anra is so much a fact to those that have
developed, as the scent of flowers are to those who have
keen sense of smelL Both are vibrations just as radio
waves and sound waves—they must have the proper
instruments or they pass undetected.

  To a deaf person sounds are not recorded in the
brain, so of course they cannot prove that sound exists.
To those whose pineal glands are developed, vibrations
not recorded by others make impressions on the con-
sciousness.

  My own experience shows that by the abstinence
from the eating of flesh, coffee, tobacco, narcotics,
white flour and other highly starched products, refined
sugar and alcoholic beverages and food combinations
that set up toxic conditions in the system; my sense
perceptions have become keener to these vibrations of
higher waves. The aura does exist to those who can
see it and telepathy exists to those developed to receive
by the inner ear.

  Mrs. Harris’ letter shows a start in the right direc-
tion. It seems to me that our amusements could bo
made much more interesting by some science fiction
introduced into motion pictures. I suggest wo all take
our lady author's advice aud write to film companies
asking for a few real pictures.

  Some day a colony can be started like the Lano
cooperative colony in Louisiana. There persons inter-
ested in scientific development live and assist each
other and try to erect a state 500 years ahead of our
ordinary life. Science Mould rule in every depart-
ment and new ideas transmitted to the outside world.
With a scientific diet, agriculture, housing and coopera-
tion, a new civilizatiou could be started. Perhaps
an idea of this sort is underway already.

                    Ward Stockham,

                     Box 84,

                      Friendswood, Texas.

  (We agree with Mr. Stockham that' many people
have Benses so highly developed that they can see and
hear and feel things that ordinary people can not. We
think that no scientist, no matter how conservative, will
not agree to this statement also.

  The question is, do these people really see things, or
are they in such a physical and mental aud emotional
state that visions appear to them.

  Now, it is impossible to tell whose vision is truthful,
the vision of the ninety-nine or that of the one. A man
by fasting, or by a certain diet or by being aroused
to an emotional intensity, can see things just as clearly,
perhaps even more so, than people in ordinary health
and in an ordinary frame of inind. Science is just_
beginning to realize how important is the state of our'
being on what we sec, hear, feel aud think.

  A man or woman under the influence of a great fear
may be positive that he sees someone following him
along a dark street. He may hear perfectly clear the
footsteps of the pursuer ; even though it is dark he may
see the clothing worn by the pursuer. Now does he
really see these things!

  What we mean to say is that our mental world in-
cludes all kinds of states. In some of them we do have
great clarity of vision and can really see things that
people in an ordinary state cannot. In other conditions
we think we see things, but they may be only mental
visions.

  If the Lano cooperative colony really exists we would
like to know more about it. It sounda interesting.—
Editor)

A Notice For Oklahoma

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  I would like to use our “Reader Speaks”—with your
kind permission—for another purpose than criticism of
“our” magazine. I would like very much to get in
touch with some one and this is the only method I know
of by which I can do it. I would consider it a great
favor if you would print this for me.

  Will the science fiction fan from Oklahoma who at-
tempted to get in touch with me while visiting San
Francisco and Los Angeles, please write to me at this
address as soon as possible.

                       Forrest J. Ackerman,

                      530 Staples Avenue,

                        San Francisco, California.
WONDER

STORIES

715

Make a Deity of Mathematics

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  Since my comment and query on the Lorentz-Fitz-
geruld contraction seems to have started quite a little
discussion, I feel it is time to horn in again with
an explanation and more comment.

  To begin with I will udmit 1 was struck with the
story possibilities of an infinite gravitational mass.
Hence my query to Dr. Breuer who can be counted
upon to know what be is talking about. His not
knowing indicates quite strongly that the question has
not been dealt with.

  Let us decide that it is tho inertia of a body equiv-
alent to its mass at low speeds that approaches in-
finity as the velocity of light. As Dr. Breuer says,
equations are shorthand for fact, and are not to be
regarded as sorcery.

  This is certainly true of classical equations, though
the modern physics is getting to be very largely
physics with the fact following the equation, and
some of the greate-st physicists make a very respect-
able deity of mathematics. I lean in this direction
myself, but Dr. Breuer takes the common-sense atti-
tude which will probably get him further than our
blind faith in figures.

  All of our physical laws expressed in equations
represent tendencies. As nearly as we can tell the
world behaves as they indicate. For all purposes, when
we have a large krror—a large factor of safety—they
hold. But when we measure closer when we delve
into the realm of the small and particularly of the
few, something goes wrong with our equations. Our
Gods have fallen and we promptly grab new ones out
of the air which do all the old ones did and more.

  All the old staid laws and equations of classical
physics can be deduced frjjm the freakish modern
laws by neglecting details and taking things as a
whole and in the long run.

  Newton’s laws tell you how a ball will run down
a groove but they can't begin to say what happens
to the molecules of that ball, much less to its atoms
and electrons. The new physics is trying to do
that and physicists find roughly that taking the
molecules as a group seems to be just a wee bit dif-
ferent than taking the ball as a unit.

  Consequently, they choose the equation that does
the most work and dig in again. And like the men-
acing robots of-...the science fiction writer, the equa-
tions have a tendency to take over the controls "and
give birth to others, while tho physicists sit by and
gape in wonder.

  Whenever he begins to get entirely lost, he just
shuts oft' the power and takes stock until he is sure
his brain children aren’t running away with him.
Right now we’re in the midst of a spurt, and since
science seems to be rather democratic nowadays some
physicists are trying to take stock at. the same time.
You can get gloriously drunk on modern physics, but
if you don't watch your step you’re in the gutter in-
stead of the life of the party.

  Reaching the July issue I can’t quite see why an
infinite universe with an infinite mass in every direc-
tion pulling with an infinite force should prohibit the
solar system. Forces in all directions would quite
effectively kill each other off—a cosmic tug of war. I
think an infinite universe shocks our imagination
much more than our reason. / Gravitational attraction
can cause a dispersed system to contract toward its
center of gravity. Where that is located in an infin-
ite system is beyond me. If the Universe is limited
that is something else again, and it is quite possible
,that. it may expand or contract.

  Some of the modern theories require that it do so.
Observation seems to show some such expansion. But
as the . editor has so nicely pointed out'so far as we
are concerned, the most violent of explosions, hurling
every star to infinity would be beyond our ability to
detect. Aside from these details in which I may be
wrong, Mr. Evans’ letter and the Editor’s comment
just about fill the bill.

                        P. Schuyler Miller
                        302 So. Ten Broeck St.,

                      Scotia, New York.

  (We are glad that Mr. Miller recognizes the alco-
holi'c content of modern physics. The best explana-
tion of it all was provided by n young philosopher
many years ago in his book, “The Philosophy of tse
‘As If*.” His contention was that we had built our
science upon the premise that certain phenomena
might be true. We recognized, he said that they did
not act as our equations indicated, but we ignored

. (Continued on Page 716)

   The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNORANCE
 of the most important subject in the life of
 every man and woman—SEX.

 AWAY WITH FALSE MODESTY

   Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly and
 frankly, sincerely and scientifically. Let us
 tear the veil of shame and mystery from sex
 and build the future of the race on a new
 knowledge of all the facts of sex as they are
 laid bare in plain, daring but wholesome words,
 and frank pictures in the huge new library of
 Sex Knowledge.

“MODERN EUGENICS”

Everything a
Married Woman
Should Know—

How to hold a husband

llow to have perfect children
How to preserve youth
Warding off other women
Keeping yourself attractive
Why husbands tire of wives
Dreadful diseases due to
ignorance
Diseases of women
Babies and birth control
Twilight sleep—easy childbirth
How babies are conceived
Diseases of children
Family health guide
Change or life—hygiene
Why children die young
Inherited traits and diseases
What will you tell your grow-
ing girl?

The mystery of twins
Hundreds of valuable
remedies

Secrets
for Men—

Mistakes of early marrlagea
Secret of fascination
Joys of perfect mating
How to make women love
you

Bringing up healthy children
li’evers and contagious diseases

    :ents and emergencies
Hygiene In the home
Limitation of offsp. ing
The sexual embrace
Warning to young men
Secrets of greater delight
Dangerous diseases
Secrets of sex attraction
Hygienic precautions
Anatomy and physiology
The reproductive organs
What every woman wants
Education of the family
Sex health and prevention

Girls—
Don’t Marry
before you know
all this—

The dangers of Petting
now to be a vamp
How to manage the honey«
moon

What liberties to allow a
   lover

Secrets of the wedding night
Beauty diets and baths
Do you know—

(low to attract desirable men
How to manage men
How to know if he loves you
How to acquire bodily grace
and beauty
How to beautify face, hands,
hair, teeth and feet
Flow to acquire charm
How to dress attractively
Intimate personal hygiene
low to pick a husband

[

         IMPORTANTI
This work will not be sold to minors.
When ordering your book, state your a»ef.

Cm

iR>—*__Grenpark Company

 jr mCfiySmKW 245 Greenwich St.

                       Kew York*

Please send me “Mod-
ern Eugenics” SEAL-

My age la ..............................in plain wrapper.

                      I am sending you

Name .................... $2.98 in accordance

                              with your special half
 Address .................. price offer.

City and State............
716 ,

WONDER STORIES

CLASSIFIED ADVERTISEMENTS

   Advertisements in this section are inserted
   at the cosf. of ten cents per word for
   each insertion—name, initial and address
   each count as one word. Cash should ac-
   company all classified advertisements unless
   placed by a recognized advertising agency.
   No less than ten words are accepted. Ad-
   vertising for the November 1931 issue should
   be received not later than Seotember 7th.

DETECTIVES

DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Excellent oppor-
tunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars Free.
Write, George Wagner, 2190-B Broadway, N. Y.

FORMULAS

MAKE AND SELL, your own products. We will
furnish you any formulas. Write for our litera-
ture. Chemical Institute, 19S Park Place, New
York, N. Y.

_HELP WANTED_

POSITIONS on Ocean Liners; Experience unnec-
essary. List of positions free. E. Arculus, Mount
Vernon, N. Y.

PERSONAL

LONESOME FOLKS! Dandy little ladies, de-
sirable gentlemen, everywhere, will marry. Con-
fidential, reliable. Particulars FREE. Mrs. Budd,
Box 753-S, San Francisco, Calif.

WHAT'S Life without a Sweetheart? You have
a right to happiness. Particulars free. Write to
Aunt Mary’s Social Club, 4707 Malden Street,
Chicago, 111.	_.

PHOTOGRAPHY

PHOTO-ENLARGEMENTS AT HALF-PRICE —

5	x 7—25c; 8 x 10—10c; 16 x 20—$1.50 Glossy or
dull finish. Other sizes proportionate prices. Send
negative. Stamps accepted. Send for circular.
Charles, 210 Chestnut St., Camden, N. J.

STAMPS

ALL for 12c. Scarce triangles, Azerbaijans, mon-
ster stamps, midget stamps, etc., approvals.
Mazaferi. 1123-57th Street, Brooklyn, New York.

  BE sure to read the interesting an-
  nouncement on page 718 of this is-
  sue—it’s well worth spending a few
  minutes to read it.

.Become a Reporter/

   (Thousanda of opportunities for young
   men to enter the Newspaper field.
   Fascinating work. You will meet In-
   teresting people; interview celebrities.
   A tamous New York reporter with
   twenty years of practical experience ha3
   written a whole course of journalism
   end reporting iu six easy lessons, lie
   shows you the short-cut to success.

____He tells you what to do and what not

    to do, to become a successful reporter. Send today for
    the "PR ACTIO AIi COURSE IN JOURNALISM." by
    Henry John Brockmeyer of The New York Evening
    Post. Just drop us a Postal Card—no need to send
    money. We will mall you the whole set of six books
    and you pay the Postman 13.00 plus a few cents for
    postage. No more to pay. Money absolutely refunded
    If not satisfied.

PRESS GUILD, Inc.

  16 Murray Street Dept. A-1031 New York

13 A rT17TYTnrC write for Free Guide Book,
r A I IMli I n “HOW TO OBTAIN A PAT-
ENT” and Record of Invention
Blank. Send model or sketch and description of your
invention for our Free Opinion whether it conies within
Patent Office Rules. RADIO and ELECTRICAL Cases
a Specialty. Prompt, Efficient Service.

PAYMENT OF FEES IN INSTALLMENTS
VIGTOR J. EVANS & CO.. 923 9th, Washington, D. C.

- —'

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 715)

the difference. For science was then in the grip
of materialism, and equations had to be constructed so
that science might have a practical application.

  Now, two forces have killed this voluntary blind-
ness. We have gone so far in the practical applica-
tion of science that we must have now more precise
explanations. Second, science is escaping from mater-
ialism and becoming, instead of a tool to the prac-
tical, an art in itself. Modern physicists don’t give
a hang if their theories never are used, they present
the truth and they are finished.—Editor)

The Only Way to Exist

 Editor, WONDER STORIES:

   When my first year’s subscription expired for WON•
 DER STORIES, I did not renew it. I preferred to
 watch the outcome of the struggle of the magazine to 3'
 higher plane. I want to tell you that I am satisfied
 again with WONDER STORIES, and that it is at pres-
 ent high in my estimation.

   And I’ll tell you why I The covers are almost uni-
 formly good, thanks to Paul. Why don’t you keep
 Paul as a standard, and allow no lower grade of illus-
 trations to enter WONDER STORIES? I speak of
 Marchioni especially. I am partial to impressionism
 but he seems to be realistic in a stilted way.

   Suggestion: In the little note after each title in the
 Table of Contents, why not have a connected sentence!
 Your broken phrases are really not attractive. The
 stories themselves are usuallv interesting. “The World
 Within” was exceptionally fine, althongh less interest-
 ing than its predecessor. In my opinion the latter waa
 more stereotyped.

   Either cut down on the editorial note on each story
 or make them more interesting. Also please tell Jack
 Williamson not to sacrifice quality for quantity. He
 could approach his earlier high-water mark if he took
 more time.

   This doesn’t seem to show why I approve of WON-
 DER STORIES, but all the rest of the magazine is fine.

   Here’s my contribution to the time travelling mix-
 up: In “Worl’ds to Barter,” the men from the Future,
 called A, come to the men of the present, B, and
 change places with them. Well and good. Yet, when
 in the natural course of time, the descendants of the
 A people reach a point in time where the A’s them-
 selves were born, what would happen? The A’b
 wouldn’t be born, of course, because their natural par-
 ents would not exiet. Yet if they weren't born, their
 descendants wouldn’t exist, and thus would admit tho
 existence of tho A’s natural parents. So the only way
 these men from the future could exist, except by leav-
 ing no descendants, is by not being born.

   I’m going to stop before I go batty.

                      Henry Kuttner,

                      821% So. Hope Street,

                         Los Angeles, California.

   (Mr. Kuttner does pose a paradox. No doubt it
 would be very confusing to have the descendants of A
 reach a time when they found their world, perhaps even
 their space, occupied by a totally strange race. Barr-
 ing the situation of having tho A race die out in tho
 meantime, there seems to be no way out of the tangle.

   We must call for help from the time travelling ex-
 perts among our readers, what can be done to avoid
 this terrible calamity?—Editor)

Ranks Among the Best

 Editor, WONDER STORIES:

   Once in a while you print a story which “stands
 out”. Such a one is “Rebellion, 5000 A.D.” in
 WONDER STORIES for July 1931. It should rank
 among the best things you have yet published.

   Your June editorial and Mr. Glasser’s letter in the
 August number on the human aura are very interesting
 and I hope the subject will be followed up with scien-
 tific care. About three years ago I ran across a book
 printed in England on this subject—it called it “the
 human atmosphere”. It was written by a man who
 called himself an electrical engineer and in no sense
 an occultist. He stated that after experimentation
 ho had succeeded in seeing the human atmosphere with
 the naked eye against tho light through sensitized
 screens. Later I noticed some advertisements offering
 such screens for sale, but have heard nothing further
WONDER STORIES

717

 about them. It may be that tho book I saw is the
 same as that to which you refer in your editorial.

  Why not put the word “SCIENCE” back in tho
title to the magazine? Seems to me it belongs there.
F. L. Morgan,

                     R. F. D. 2, Box 400,

                    1340 S. Walnut Way,

                        Whittier, California.

  (While we have no definite information on the
screen Mr. Morgan refers to, we have our doubts about
the value of such a device for seeing a possible aura.
It would be comparatively simple to make a “screen"
that would appear to surround a person with an aura.
If the aufa business is worth anything, it cannot bo
settled by merely having some sort of color filter, as
tho screen appears to be.—Editor)

In Defense of Authors

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

  This is just a letter in defense of Sehachner and
Zagat’s “The Emperor of the Stars”. I noticed in
flie July issue a rather sarcastic comment about the
blue space of the “new universe”. I only hope Mr.
Pancoust has not thrown his April issue away. If he
will go through it again I think he will notice that it
was the quartz sphere which was supposed to light
this universe.

  It mentions that while the Prostaks communicated
by thought with the other worlds, they had never seen
them until tho arrival of the sphere. Also when the
sphere was blown up, the light disappeared and the
men were wondering how they could pet to one of
these worlds when they were projected into their own
universe. I hope this will relieve Mr. Pancoast’s
doubts.

  I am a rather new reader but greatly enjoy your
stories. This is the first letter I have written so far.

  I just finished the August issue. “The Time Pro-
jector” ended well I think. “Venus Mines, Inc.” was
very good also as was “The 85th Millennium”.
“Twelve Hours to Live” is a puzzler all right. The
other two, “The Island of Giants” and “The World
Within" I did not care so mucli for.

                     Harvey Vogel,

                       6	Cedar Street,

                       Nutley, N. J.

  (Authors are so much browbeaten by readers that
it’s good to have a reader come to their defense occa-
sionally. The job of the writer is hard. He must
exorcise his imagination to the limit, yet picture things
realistically, and yet construct around the science
and the product of his imagination a corking good
story. Those of our readers whs have tried to write
Bcit’nce fiction will realize how hard it is.

  Naturally writers do slip up occasionally, even the
best of them. And although they want, to bo told
about their breaches, readers must remember that it's
practically impossible to visualize an entirely new
world and have# each detail perfectly consistent.

  Read the various newspaper accounts of some event,
and it will be discovered that ofx six reporters seeing
exactly tho same thing, no two will describe it alike.
—Editor)

Will Really Be A Menace

Editor, WONDER STORIES:

In regard to Mr. Gcrnsback’s illuminating editorial,

I	would like to say that he omitted one important
development of the machine age; namely—the robot.
The possibilities of this machine seem small and in-
significant, but when considered carefully assume ter-
rifying proportions. The robot at the present time is
an awkward, inefficient object but with development,
is slowly being made more and more efficient. Even*
tually it is quite certain that the robot will be the
equal of most unskilled and some skilled labor. When
that time comes, the machine age will really bo a men-
ace to society, even to civilization because of a factor
which Mr. Gernsback emphasizes in his article, the
factor of human nature.

  The average wage of a factory worker is about
fifteen hundred dollars per year. With the perfection
of the robot will come mass production of the robot.
With mass production will oome a decline in price as
occurred in other industries. It would pay an enter-

firising capitalist to replace his human labor by mach-
nes for the machine will cost less than the salary of a
worker over a short time, will work constantly, will
not join unions or ask for a raise in wages.

It is reasonable to assume that many, perhaps most
employers, folllowing the dictates of every human
(Continued on Page 718)

  fcC IMftWILL BE PAID TO ANYONE
  frD,VUU\VHO PKOVES THAT THIS

    Is not tho actual photo of myself showing
    my superb physique and how the Rosa Sys-
    tem has Increased my own height to 6 .J
    ft. 3 3-4 lnphes.

   Hundreds of Testimonials. Clients up to
   45 years old gain 1 to 6 in. in few weeks.

   No Appliances. No drugs. No dieting. First in 1007
   Ross System Never Fails. Foe Ten Dol- First Today
   lara Complete. Convincing Testimony and Particulars
   5 cent stamp. 'Allow time for reiurn malls across tho
   Atlantic.' G. MALCOLM ROSS, Height Specialist.
   Scarborough, England (P. 0. Box 15).

ooA Xsftorsi

Ex-Libris=J5oofe Plates

 WHITE ROW.

 CATALOGUE

             iicawuuo »«/» ---------v-_

  I who appreciate the unusual. Write for
  illustrated catalogue and spcclm#n#
  enclose 10 centB for mailing charge.

 ! ISKOR PRESS. IN''- Park PIma-
 Dcpt. A-1031, New York, N. Y.

Big 3ft. Telescope

pH -frT

Five Sections.
> R r a s s bound.
_	» 'Powerful Lenses.

10-Mile range. Special Eye Piece for looking
at the sun, included FREE. Can be used as a
Microscope. Guaranteed. Big value. Post-
paid $1.75. C. O. D. 15c extra.

BENNER & COMPANY, T-7G, TRENTON, N. J.

 PATENTS—TRADE MARKS

  All cases submitted given personal
  attention by members of the firm.
  Information and booklet free.

  Patent Office & Federal Court Practice
  LANCASTER, ALLWINE & ROMMEL
  PATENT LAW OFFICES
  475 Ouray Bldg., Washington, D. C.

  IT^^^ou«reInvitedtoJoia^N^^naT^™ll

 (friendship @ub

          For Ladies & Gentlemen

   II	BigListof Descript ions( FREE.) Send for One II
   American Friendship Society
   I Dept. KF	Detroit, Mich;

LONELY HEARTS

              T ET ns arrange a romantic correspon*
              JL dence for you. Meet your sweetheart
              thru the world’s foremost high-class
              social correspondence club, a club for re-
              i fined lonely people. Members every-

 ____________,y CONFIDENTIAL, efficient and dignified

 service.* Wo have made thousands of lonely people
 happv, why not yon? Writo/or FREE Particulars.

 EVA MOORE. BOX 908. JACKSONVILLE, FLA .

 1 HAVE A SWEETHEART FOR YOU

o g'Tnrzryyd a t> ~d~6~b ifTnnnnn

QfeTRANSMITTERJJNIT f
         loo'W^

 SKINT) ERYIKEN MICROPHONE BUT-
 TON—Powerful Speech and Phonograph
 Amplifier—Detectonbone. etc., etc. One
 Unit 95c—two, $1.75, with 12-page book-
 let of experiments. Sent C. O. D. In
 U. S.; foreign—cash with order. PRESS
 GUILD, INC.. 16 Murray St- Dcjjt-
 A-1031 New York, N. Y.	3*
718

WONDER

STORIES

A 98-page book containing the
classic Interplanetary Story of all
times. . . .

By Garret Smith

  jp'ROM a selection of many famous old
x classics, there has been selected the
most fascinating, and perhaps the greatest
classic of interplanetary stories, and re-
printed in modern book form with flexible
covers. This wonderful volume, entitled
‘Between Worlds’, should be included in
every library, and the opportunity to get
it FREE is yours if you act quickly.

  To readers of WONDER STORIES, both
new and old, this handsomely bound book
will be given with one year’s subscription
to WONDER STORIES. Regardless of
when your subscription expires, you may
renew it at this time and get this book for
your library.

  Simply clip the coupon below—mail it
with your remittance and you will receive
WONDER STORIES each month for the
next year.

This book FREE!

WONDER STORIES	WS-1031

96-98 Park Place, New York, N. Y.

  As per your special offer, I enclose herewith
my remittance of $2.50 (check or money order
preferred) for which you are to enter my sub-
scription for one year to WONDER STORIES,
and also send me absolutely free, by return
mail, a copy of ‘Between Worlds’.

Address ........................................................

City _

................—.......— State _____

(Canada and foreign ?3.00)

THE READER SPEAKS

(Continued from Page 717)

beings desire for money, will purchase those machines
which can produce for them so much more cheaply.
But this attempt to save will prove to be a double-
edged sword. The more machines used, tho greater the
unemployment of human labor which will result in a
decrease in demand. Manufacturers will find them-
selves forced to shut down their factories and lose what
they intended to gain.

  Robots, if used with discretion would benefit tho
world greatly, by an arrangement whereby the work-
ing man works two hours a day and the robot tho
remainder. Such a system, provided that the working
man still had his former income, would free him to
pursue educational and cultural arts. I need not go
into the benefits of this. They are self-evident.

  But will such a system ever be established? Pro-
bably not, unless some scientist, inspired by science
fiction perhaps, perfects an elixir which will remove
the traits of greed and selfishness from the human
race. Then aud only then will a Utopia be possible.

                       Milton Kaletsky,

                     2301 Morris Ave.,

                    New York City.

  (Mr. Gernsback is, of course, very well aware of
the robot, and he has, as a matter of fact, written
exhaustively for the past fifteen years on just this
phase. One of his own inventions was a Police Auto-
maton, and a number of others of the same class.
One point of importance that the average man does
not realize, however, is that the word “Robot" is usu-
ally misconstrued.

  Popularly, the robot is supposed to be a man-liko
machine that walks on its feet, and performs all sorts
of manual work. While it may be possible, in a hun-
dred thousand years hence, to have a mechanical man
who performs simple tasks, it will manifestly remain
impossible, even then, to have, for instance, to mention
one of thousands—a robot cook. Not by the widest
stretch of imagination, can you think of a robot which
could cook an entire meal all by itself without the
human agency entering the work.

  The robot of science fiction has, as a rule, no coun-
terpart in actual practice. On the other hand, we
have real robots around us, right now, and have had
them for some years. The technical robot is a machine
that performs certain single, or more or less compli-
cated tasks, and does them much better than tho hu-
man being. Such a robot, for instance, is the auto-
matic telephone. The machine replaces the telephone
operator, and incidentally, never makes & mistake.

  Any adding or calculating machine is a most effi-
cient robot. So are the hundreds of so-called business
machines. So is the automatic press which prints a
complete newspaper merely by the press of a button.
A great deal of the Ford Motor Works arc robotized.
These are but a few examples, and there are. in use
today, many thousands of efficient robots, and they
have been in use for a number of years. The trouble,
however, never lies with the robot, but with tho hu-
man beings, and this is what our correspondent points
out. Only when the machines over-produce do the
human beings suffer. It is not a matter of controlling
the machine, but rather of controlling the greediness
of humanity.—Editor)

PROBLEMS IN PHYSICS by William D.
 Henderson, 245 pages, stiff cloth covers,
 illustrated, size 6x9 Published by Mc-
 Graw Hill Book Co., New York. Price
 $2.25.

  This book Ls designed for students of high schools,
colleges and universities, and consists of a series of
exercises intended to supplement the usual one year's
course in general physics, with a supply of material of
such range and variety as will be likely to stimulate
the student's interest and clarify his understanding.

  The method used by the author, from his experience
in the teaching of engineering students, is to state a
general principle in physics, and then to develop its
implications by a number of carefully chosen illustra-
tive problems.
WONDER STORIES

719

H. G. WELLS depicfts life!

AN EPIC

forever to be remembered

THE SCIENCE OF LIFE

The Story of all Things Living

  Most Startling Truths About—

 A BIRD WHO "SETS A
 STAGE” FOR HIS 'OWN
 WEDDING

 THAT HUMAN BODIES CON-
 TAIN SEVERAL GYRO-
 SCOPES

 THAT HUMAN BEINGS
 HAVE FISHES’ GILL AND
 MONKEYS’ TAILS

 THE FROG THAT HAD NO
 FATHER

 A HYPNOTIZED CRAYFISH

 THE AGE OLD CHIN OF
 KING ALFONSO .

 THE THIRD SEX OF SCIENCE

 AN OLD MAN AT 13

 THE ROOSTER THAT LAYS
 EGGS

  and hundreds of other phcnom-

  inal discoveries are unfolded in

  this thriving drama—

TO EVEALED to us by H. G. Wells are the profound
mysteries of science—narratives of nature’s life that for
the longest time have never been disclosed. Finally, in amaz-
ing truths, the riddles of life—of living things, plants, rep-
tiles, mammals, fish, insects, man, etc., that have puzzled
scientists through the ages are dramatized by this world-
famous author.

 A reading of each volume is thoroughly convincing that the
 chapters are unforgettable; you will enjoy and understand
 these books—find them helpful and most enlightening.

 Your library should contain “The Science of Life,” in 4 vol-
 umes—H. G. Wells greatest works since his famous Outline
 of History.

4 Epoch-making Volumes

 The Science of Life is published in 4 Vol-
 umes, 6%x9% inches, durably bound in
 black vellum cloth with gold stamped cover.
 The entire set contains 1548 pages, profuse-
 ly illustrated with diagrams, charts and
 photographs. This stupendous work con-
 tains more than 600,000 words, printed on
 an excellent quality of paper with type that
 eases reading and prevents eye-strain. This
 set of books will last a life-time.

Complete in 4 Volumes

RUSH COUPON TODAY

GRENPARK COMPANY	WS-10

245 Greenwich Street, New York, N. Y.

 I enclose herewith $6.00 for which you are to send
 me, postage prepaid, H. G. Wells latest works, “The
 Science of Life,” complete in four volumes, the price
 for which is $12.00. Within the next 30 days I will
 send you the balance) of $6.00, making a total of
 $12.00 for the set. If remittance is sent in full, 10%
 may be deducted.

Name ...............................................,

City_________________________________________

Address ----------------------------------------------------

State ......................—----------------------—.....—
WONDER STORIES

 Are

 Your

 Children

Protected

    WHAT a Godsend to know that your wife and chil-
    dren will not be left penniless or in want—no mat-
    ter what happens to you.

       At a cost so small you will never miss it, you CAN
    give them that very protection—the security of one of
    the best, standard, old-line life insurance policies ever
    issued. A policy that pays $1,000, and carries $5,000
    accident protection now costs only $4.13 at age 35
    (other ages in proportion).

        You probably are surprised that insurance could cost
    so little—how do we do it? Because we sell entirely by
    mail. No agents’ commissions to pay, no medical fees,
    or similar expenses or red tape. We pay YOU the dif-
    feience for examining a free sample policy at your leis-
    ure and selling yourself. Mail the coupon below; we
    will mail you a sample policy to look over. If you like
    it, keep it—if you don’t, it costs nothing, and no agent
    will call.

        Give your children this vital protection while you are
     still INSURABLE. Don’t wait for someone to sell you
     —sell yourself, and enjoy the peacfe of mind and satis-
     faction of knowing they truly are cared for. Mail the
     coupon now.

FREE! Mail this coupon TODAY for sample policy and
complete details.

Union Mutual Life Company of Iowa,	(Box 218)

Des Moines, Iowa.

    Send me above described Free sample policy and complete
details—this is not to obligate me in any way.

Name__

Address.
Age-

 .Occupation
        After Centuries of Bloody Wars

SCIENCEand RELIGION

clasp hands

       ft. . .....................- -V MMKwfo

The Garstang Scientific Expedition proved that the Walls of Jericho fell just as the
Bible describes it, but not miraculously. They fell because Joshua's sappers under-
mined the foundation while the marching army distracted the attention of the de-
fenders for seven full days. Thus science bears witness to the authenticity of religious lore.

        A GALAXY OF FAMOUS SCIENTISTS

Einstein, Bergson, Whitehead and Spengler among others are
showing how the complicated mathematics of the relativity theory,
the nature of light, and the new understanding of time and space,
indicate great possibilities of uniting religious and scientific theories
of universal Causes.

THE FRATERNAL SYSTEM

for a long time has brought together the religious principle of fra-
ternity and scientific calculation of human mortality, the net result
of which is the advancement of the cause of human welfare by life
insurance protection and fraternal aid.

OUR RECORD

    41 Years Successful Insurance Business.

    Assets over $100,000,000.00.

     Strongest, richest fraternal life insurance organization selling
the most economical policy.

See a Woodmen of the World Agent or write to the

Woodmen T°i World

      LIFE INSURANCE ASSOCIATION

W. A. FRASER, President	OMAHA, NEBRASKA
The Gambler

   He gambles that a "lucky break” will
   come to him in the course of time

MOST men live in the HOPE that their “lucky break" wiU
come TOMORROW or NEXT WEEK or NEXT YEAR.

They gamble that FATE, some day, some way, will make
them rich! They risk their whole lives on what may COME to
them in the course of TIME.

    This is a WORSE form of GAMBLING than gambling for
MONEY with a card sharp or a “three shell game” expert.

    Gambling on what TIME and FATE have in store for you
Is more costly than any other form of gambling known.

   You lose MORE than money. You lose your SELF-
RESPECT. You lose the self-respect of those about you.

    And as each year passes your CHANCE to amount to any-
thing becomes slimmer and slimmer.

    You get discouraged. You begin to feel that fate is AGAINST
you. You complain secretly about your ill luck. Perhaps you hide
your shortcomings behind a whole flock of easy EXCUSES.

     But the hard, cold world doesn’t care about you.

    You’ve got to look out for YOURSELF.

    Time alone cannot help you. If it could, EVERY man over
70 would be rich.

    You cannot COUNT on luck or fate or circumstances. If you
could, EVERYBODY would get rich at some time or other.

    Your life is too precious to waste away WAITING for “some-
thing to turn up.”

   There’s ONE SURE WAY—yes, ONLY one sure way—to
get what you want out of life.

    Nothing can help you but your own BRAIN. Make your brain
just a little bit more effective and you will MULTIPLY your
earning power.

    There is NO LIMIT to what the human brain can accomplish.
Scientists and psychologists tell us we use only about TEN PER
CENT of our brain power. Ninety per cent is unused. It lies
dormant. The longer it is unused, the harder it becomes for us
to use it. For the mind is like a muscle. It grows in power
through exercise and use. It weakens and deteriorates with
idleness.

    What can you DO about it? That is the question you are
asking yourself. Here is a suggestion.

    Spend 2c for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon below for
a copy of “Scientific Mind Training.” There is no further obliga-
tion whatever. You need not spend another penny.

    Read this little book. It has opened the eyes of hundreds of
thousands of other individuals who had the same problems you
tiave.Over 700,000 people, in all parts of the world, and in all
walks of life have followed the advice given in this booklet. Lords
and servants, princes and laborers, captains of industry and clerks,
bookkeepers and bankers, men AND WOMEN of all types and
of all ages have read this book and have changed their whole
scheme of existence as a rtsult.

     This little book will tell you the secret of self-confidence, of
a strong will, of a powerful memory, of unflagging concentration.
It tells you how to acquire directive powers, how to train your
imagination (the greatest force in the world), how to make quick,
accurate decision- how to reason logically—in short, how to make
your brain an instrument of all-around POWER. It tells you how
to banish the negative qualities like forgetfulness, brain fag,

inertia, indecision, self-consciousness, lack of ideas, mind wander,
ing, lack of system, procrastination, timidity.

     Men like Judge Ben B. Lindsey, Sir Harry Lauder, Prince
Charles of Sweden, Jerome K. Jerome, the famous novelist; Frank
P. Walsh, Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hun-
dreds of others equally famous, praise the simple method of
increasing brain power and thought power described in this frea
book. OVER 700,000 OTHERS PRAISE IT.

     You have only TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy.
You may GAIN thousands of dollars, peace of mind, happiness,

independence!

    Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING
about it. The effort and the will needed to send for this book—
which is FREE—may be lacking. How can these people EVER
gain what they hope for, crave for? They are the skeptics, the
doubters, the “show me” wiseacres.

     Other thousands will say, “I can lose only TWO CENTS. I
may GAIN a great deal by reading ‘Scientific Mind Training.’
I will send for it NOW. It promises too much for me to RISK
MISSING.”

    The thousands who are open minded—who are willing to
learn something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse
to send the coupon. They will be better, stronger minded for
having TAKEN SOME ACTION about their lives, even if they
do nothing more than to READ a booklet about the inner workings
of the mind. For your own sake—and for the sake of your loved
ones, don’t continue to GAMBLE that your future will be bright
whether or not you DO anything about it! Mail the coupon today
—NOW.

THE PELMAN INSTITUTE OF AMERICA

Suite 2260. 71 West 45th Street, New York City
Offices in London, Paris, Stockholm,

Delhi, Durban and Melbourne

:	The Pelman Institute of America

■	Suita 2260. 71 West 45th Street,
j	New York City

i Please send me without obligation your free booklet,

:	“Scientific Mind Training.” This does not place me under any

:	obligation and no salesman is to call on me.

•	Name_________________

■	Address___'________________—-------■—-----

i	City____________________________:---- State-----