Scientifiction stories by

Edmond Hamilton
David H. Keller, M.D.
R. F. Starzl

• •

A
May,' 1930

AMAZING STORIES

91

 MEN!

Get Your Copy of My/Vetlf Book

JtAhou&T*1

  How to set a good
  job in the Radio
  Industry

J.t.SMITH, Pres
NATIONAL RADIOINSTTTUTH

1 showed these men how
to get Big Pay jobs like these

 Seldom Under tloo a Week

 “My earnings in Radio are many
 time* bigger than I ever expected
 they would be when I enrolled. In
 November 1 made $577, December
 #645, January $465. My earning*
 seldom fall under $100_ a week. I
 merely mention this to give you some
 idea of what a Radio man can do who
 has the training.”

             E. E. Winbornb,

1414 W. 48th St, Norfolk, Va.

 93000 a Year In Own Business

 “I cannot give N. R. I. too much
 credit for what I have been able to do
 in Radio. 1 can safely say that 1
 averaged $8000 a year for the past
 three years. I am in the Radio
 business here. Any man who really
 wants to advance cannot go wrong in
 Radio. There is certainly a lack of
 trained men.”

            Fred A. Nichols,

        P. 0. Box 207, Eaton, Colo.

     If you are earning a penny less than $50 a
 week, send for my book of information on op*
 portunities in Radio. It is free. Radio’s
 amazing growth is making hundreds of fine
 jobs every year. My book shows you where these
 jobs are, what they pay, how I can train you at
 home in your spare time to be a Radio Expert.

    Ton have many Jobs to choose from

 Broadcasting stations use engineers, operators,
 station managers and pay $1,800 to $5,000 a year.
 Manufacturers continually need testers, inspectors,
 foremen, engineers, service men, buyers for jobs
 paying up to $15,000 a year. Shipping companies
 use hundreds of operators, give them world-wide
 travel with practically no expense and $85 to $200
 a month besides. Dealers and jobbers (there are
 over 85,000) are always on the lookout for good
 service men, salesmen, buyers, managers and pay
 $30 to $100 a week for good men. Talking Movies
 pay as much as $75 to $200 a week to men with
 Radio training. There are openings almost every-
 where to have a spare time or full time Radio
 business of your own—to be your own boss. Radio
 offers many other opportunities. My book tells
 you about them. Be sure to get it at once.

   My New 8 Outsits ofi Parts give you
   extensive Practical Radio Experience

 With me you not only get the theory of Radio—
 you also get practical Radio experience while
 learning. You can build over . 100 circuits—
 build and experiment with the circuits used in
 Atwater-Kent, Majestic, Crosley, Evcrcady,
 Stewart-Warner, Philco, and many other sets.
 These experiments include A. C. and screen grid
 sets, push pull amplification and other Tate
 features. When you finish my course you
 won’t need to take“anyold job” justtogetex-
 perience—you will be trained and experienced
 ready to take your-place alongside men who
 have been in the field for years.

 Back view of 5-

 tube A. C. screen

 Kid tuned Radio
 aquencyset—only
 one of many cir- ■
 cults you can build
 with the parte I *
 give without extra
 charge.

I Will Train Von at Home
In Tour Sparc Time

 Hold your job until you are ready for another.
 No need to leave home. All I ask is part .of
 your spare time. I have doubled and tripled
 the salaries of hundreds through my practical
 home-study training. You don't have to be a
 high school or college graduate. My course is
 written in easy, simple terms that most anyone
 can understand.

 My course Includes Talking Movies,
 Wired Radio, Television
 My course is up-to-date with Radio’s latest uses
 and improvements. It includes Radio’s appli-
 cation to Talking Movies, Television and home
 Television^ experiments. Wired Radio, Radio's
 use in Aviation, in addition to fitting you for
 many other lines. When you finish you won’t
 be a “one job” man. You will be trained for
 many jobs.

     Money Back II Not Satisfied
 I will agree in writing to refund every penny of
 your tuition if you are not satisfied with my

 Lesson Texts and Instruction Service when you
 ay course. This agreement is backed I _
 the Pioneer end World's Largest organization devoted

 entirely to training men and young men for good jobs
 in the Radio industry, by correspondence.

    Find out wbat Radio offers you
 Get My Book
 This book gives you the facts on Radio’s opportunities'
 end the many features and services of N.R.i. training.
 It gives you 100 letters from actual studonts who bave
 proved tnot my methods are successful. Got your copy,
 today. There is no obligation.

J. E. SMITH, President,

     National Radio Institute, Dept* OKS.

Washington, p. C.

THIS COUPON IS GOOD
ONE FREE COPY OF A
NEW BOO

 J. E. Smith, President
 National Radio Institute, Dept. OES.
 Washington, D. C.

 Deab Mb. Smith:—Send me your book. I
 want to see what Radio offers and what you,
 offer in Radio training. This request does
 not obligate me in any way.

Name..,
Addresi.

 .State.

LifetimetmiiloijmentService to all C/Yaduak’S;
In Our Next Issue:

PIRACY PREFERRED, by John W. Campbell, Jr.
In this story, as in his previous ones, our young
author offers us a rare combination of accurate
science with excellently written fiction—which
makes a perfect Amazing Story. This time, Mr.
Campbell looks into the future of aviation—a
subject which at the present time compels a uni-
versal interest.'

THE NON-GRAVITATIONAL VORTEX, by.A.

Hyatt Verrill. When we discover what gravitation
is, scientists will perhaps find it less impossible to
annihilate gravity. This is an extraordinary tale,
dealing with vortices that develop a strange phe-
nomenon—the local annihilation of gravitation.

ELEMENT No. 87, by Ralph Linn. Chemists
have determined from various considerations that
there can be only 92 original elements in the
chemical scale. Only comparatively recently have
a goodly number of these been discovered. But
there still remain a few about which chemists
know little or nothing, and there is no telling what
possibilities an undiscovered element might hold.
Our author uses this idea in an exceedingly clever
bit of scientific fiction.

THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS, by Edmond
Hamilton. (A Serial in 3 parts) Part II. In this
instalment our four travelers experience many
dangers with the extraordinary beings of Neptune,
which is nearly 3 thousand million miles from the
sun, but they learn the source of the power tlia't
has caused the increased rotation of the sun,
which threatens the life of all the nearer planets
in the solar system..

FLAMINGO, by Clarence Edward Heller. Much
has been s^id in the daily journals of wonderful
robots, the direct successors of the_ almost histori-
cal "steam man” of two generations ago. But
think what would happen if not only the servant
and the manual worker were replaced by robots—
if even our great singers and famous actors were
likewise replaced in such manner. Our new author
has woven a charming extravaganza of the amuse-
ments of the future—not so very far in the future,
at that.

 May, 1930
 Vol. 5, No. 2

Experimenter Publications, Inc.	^

 B. A. Mackinnoo, Pres.	H. K. Fly, Vice Prej. And Treas.

In Our May Issue:

 The Universe Wreckers •

 (A Serial in 3 parts) Part I

By Edmond Hamilto n.................... 102

Illustrated by NVesso

 Synthetic

By Charles Cloukey........................ 130

Illustrated by Morey

 Vis Scientise

 (A poem)

By Miles J. Brener, M.D................. 139

 The Gimlet

By Victor Endersby...................... 140

           ... Illustrated by Morey

 The Noise Killer

By A.M. McNeill...................... 151

Illustrated by Morey

 Madness of the Dust

By R, F. Starsi.......................... 154

Illustrated by Wesso

 The Ivy War

By David H. Keller, M.D................. 160

Illustrated by Morey

 What Do You Know?

(Science Questionnaire).................. 169

 A Circe of Science

By Stanton A. Coblcnls.................... 170

Illustrated by Morey

 Through the Veil

By Leslie F. Stone....................... 174

Illustrated by DePauvr

Discussions................................ 181

 “The Pea Vine Mystery” and “The
   Dead Sailor”

By A. L. Hodges........................ 182

' Our Cover

  this month illustrates a scene from Part I of the story entitled,
  “The Universe Wreckers,” by Edmond Hamilton, in which the
  four travelers, fitted out in their space-walker suits, are making
  the necessary repairs to their space-flier, which sustained some
  damages while going through the asteroid zone on their way
  to Neptune.

     AMAZING STORIES MONTHLY. Published at 181-10 Jaraaica Avenue. Jamaica; N. T. Entered ai second-class
     matter at Jamaica. N. Y.. under the act of March 3. 1879. Title Registered U. S. Patent Office. Copyright, 1930.
     by B. P. Inc.. N. T. European Agents. S. X Wise et Ole.. 40 Place. Verte, Antwerp. Belgium. Printed In U. S. A.
     Subscription price Is $3.00 a year In V. S. and Possessions; $3.50 a year in 'Canada and Foreign Countries; single
     copies. 25 cents each. Editorial and Executive Offices, 381 Fourth Avenue, Now York, N. Y. Publishers are not
     responsible for mss. lost, although every care is lakeo tor their safety.
May, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

99

                                                                                             Learning about the con-
                                                                                             verter used to change
                                                                                             alternating to direot
                                                                                             ourrent a^the great

Coyne men working on
the valves and timing of
a Velie Radial Aircraft
Engine

‘follow this
amazingly easy

way into ELECTRICITY

I

- andyoure through in 90 DAYS!

[AY good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a week. Let me show you how to qualify for
jobs leading to salaries of $50, $60 and up, a week, in ELECTRICITY—NOT
by correspondence, but by an amazing way to teach, RIGHT HERE IN THE GREAT
COYNE SHOPS. You become a practical electrician in 90 days! Getting into Electricity
is far easier than you imagine!

LEARN-** doing the
work withyoiir own

hands IN 90 DAYS

 The eecret of Coyne-training is
 that it is ALL PRACTICAL work.
 No books—no dry lessons—no use-
 less theory. In the great shops of
 Coyne you learn the ins and outs’*
 of Electricity by actual work on
 real electrical equipment—the fin-
 est outlay in the country. And
 best of all—experts work right
 with you every step of the way.
 Bhowing you all the electrical
 secrets that are essential to your
 success!

NO BOOKS—NO
PRINTED LESSONS

 Experience not required 1 **on * care rf you.don’t know an

                               armature from an air brake—I
 don’t expect you to! I don’t care if you’re 16 years old or 48—it makes no
 difference! Don’t let lack of money stop you either. Most of the men at
 Coyne have no more money than you have.

 Big pay job8 are waiting Our employment bureau gives you
   , . Z	lifetime service. Two weeks after

 graduation, Clyde F. Hart got a position as electrician for the Great Western
 Railroad at over $100 a week. That’s not unusual. We can point to Coyne
 men making up to $600 a month. You can go into radio, batteiy, or auto*
 motive electrical business for yourself and make up to $15,000 a year,

 Railroad fare allowed Make up your mind today to get into

                                one of these big pay electrical jobs,
 Ifyouactnow—I’ll allow your railroad fare to Chicago and give you these
 courses free! AVIATION ELECTRICITY, RADIO and AUTOMOTIVE
 ELECTRICITY! And besides that, .1 help you to a part time job while
 learning! Don’t lose another minute—make this the turning point in your
 life. Send this coupon RIGHT NOW.

COYNE

ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

500 S. Paulina St., Dept. 50-02
Chicago, IU.

Get this

  FREEBOOK

This school Is 30
years old-endorsed
by many large elec-
trical o o n o e r n 8.

tell you all about it
In tbe big.x ree
Coyne book.

USE THE COUPON

 Mr. H. C. Lewis, President
 COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Depl. 50-62
 500 S. Paulina St., Chicago, IU.

 Dear Mr. Lewis:

   Without obligation send me your big free
 catalog and all details of Railroad Fare to
 Chicago, Free Employment Service, Radio,
 Aviation Electricity, and Automotive Courses,
 and how I can "earn while learning."

 Address........

City..........

....... State.........>
100

AMAZING STORIES

May, 1930

 Ghastly-looking
 octopus - like
 creatures—thou-
 sands of them—
 came from the
 depths of the sea
 to terrorize the
 Cornwall Coast.
 From “Sea Raid-
 er*,M one of H. G.
 Wells9 “STRANGE
 STORIES"

   GompleteVolume of

  STRANGE STORIES

 ii/ H G. WELLS

is ready for immediate shipment to you
ENTIRELY WITHOUT COST!

An astronomer on a lonely
vigil in a dark observatory in
Borneo. ... A monstrous
creature—bird, bat or devil
— blots the stars from
view. ... It smashes through
the dome-roof. . . . Sharp
teeth bite and tear, claws
rake his face. . . . He fights
in darkness, a broken bottle
for weapon. . . . The tele*
scope sways, the room reels,
he falls. . . .

 Let H. G. Wells, probably the most fa-
 mous writer in the world today, bring
 this amazing story to its thrilling climax
 —set your blood tingling, your hair on
 end I

 Let his "Time Machine” awe you with
 the spectacle of the weird world in the
 year 8229, strange species of humankind
 living in a flower garden, in constant
 dread of a fearsome THING that comes
 upon them in the darkl

 Let "The Empire of the Ants” widen
 your eyes in amazement! Shudder at
 the meaning of “The Stolen Bacillus”
 with its fiendish Bolshevik plan to an-
 nihilate an entire cityl

 Learn how dreadful it is to be the only
 one with eyes "In the Country of the
 Blind." Laugh with Wells in the as-
 tounding chemical mystery of “The Plan-
 ner Story.” Read how a huge DYNAMO
 became the God of a pagan religion
 with human martyr and human sacrifice!

The Strangest Stories] Ever
Written .

 Here are the fantastic fabrications that
 brought Wells overwhelming fame. Here
 are thoughts no mortal ever dared to think
 before. Here are stories so bizarre, so
 weird, so gruesomcly real that only people
 with nerves of steel can read some of them
 after dark!

 “The Sea Raiders”— "The Valley of
 Spiders”—“The Diamond Maker”—“The
 Star” that almost hit the earth, turned
 night brighter than day, and flooded the
 Sahara—“The Man Who Could Work Mir-
 acles”—"The Argonauts of the Air” . . .
 here are stories by a genius, so convincing
 that you believe, in spile of yourself, things
 that you know can not be trueI

SEND NO MONEY

Thia Remarkable Book FREE with
AMAZING STORIES at a Big Saving!

These -astounding stories by H. G. Wells
available nowhere else except in an

-------MAIL TODAY!-””-”------I

 AMAZING STORIES,

 Dept. 2105, 381 Fourth Ave., New York, N. Y.

 Gentlemen: Please ship me ABSOLUTELY FREE, prepaid,
 •‘STRANGE STORIES’* by H. G. Wells--and enter ray subscription •
 to AMAZING STORIES for Two Full Years at the special rate of
 only $4.00, saving me $2.00 on newsstand price. On receipt of my I
 Gift Volume 1 will deposit remittance plus a few cents shipping _
 charges on Gift Book with postman.

 If I decide to keep the GIFT VOLUME this deposit becomes I
 yours. If I return it, my deposit will be refunded u full.

Name .................................................... ■

Address .................................................. I

City and State .............................................................■

                          edition of his “Short Stories*’ which sells
 at $5.00 and in a complete set of his works
 which costs much more. But because the publishers of AMAZING
 STORIES MAGAZINE want you to enjoy the very best of amaz-
 ing and scientific fiction, we have had these greatest short story
 masterpieces of Wells printed in a special Gift Edition, handsomely
 bound in red Royal Vellum cloth; and have arranged to ship you
 your copy, prepaid, ABSOLUTELY FREE OF CHARGE/

 . SEND NO MONEY! Examine this big complete
 Gift Volume for five days entirely at our risk!
 Then keep it as a Gift, or return it, just as you
 prefer. But, to save $2.00 on AMAZING
 STORIES and get the book FREE, mail the Cou-
 pon at once—while we still have books in stock t
VOLUME  SfgSlGRH MAY, 1930 
  S                No. 2   
MAGAZINE
OF
SGIENTIFICTION

T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Editor
MIRIAM BOURNE, Managing Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

  Editorial and General Offices: 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today

Cold Fact Tomorrow

Living on the Surface

 By T. O’Conor Sloane, Ph. D.

         OR many years, travelers on the East River used to see
 I J a sort of a hulk, or barge, anchored permanently about
 I 1 half way to the mouth of Long Island Sound'. The
 B story was told that a British ship the “Hussar,” carry-
 ing a quantity of gold coin,_ estimated to be about
 $4,000,000 in value, to pay the British soldiers in America,
 in Revolutionary times, had sunk in that locality, and the barge
 was supposed to be there to be used in recovering the gold.
 And this story, in a way, can be repeated of various localities
 on the ocean’s floor. Ship after ship has been sunk, in numberless
 cases carrying treasure enough to make many men’s fortunes
 if it could only be salvaged. Thus, if it were possible to get
 into the treasure-room of the Lusitania, it is understood there
 would be a; very large sum of coin to be saved. Ship after
 ship carrying treasure has met this fate and has been sunk in
 more or less deep water.

   Now we may go the other way. One of mankind’s ambitions,
 often a sporting achievement, if we may use that expression, has
 been the climbing of mountains. One after another, of what
 we consider the gigantic eminences on the earth’s surface, have
 been scaled by Alpine climbers until few of the very highest
 remain unconquered. In the Himalaya range, a height of over,
 five miles above the sea level is reached by some of the peaks,
 and they have not all been climbed. And while it is not safe
 to make any such assertion, in view of what men accomplish, it
 is somewhat doubtful if Mount Everest will ever be ascended.
 Near one of the West India islands, one of the deepest spots
 of the ocean is to be found, going down to about the same
 - distance that Mount Everest rises.

   So mankind, living on the surface of the earth and moving
 about on it, has developed two desires—one to go up far above
 the surface of the earth; another to go down below the surface of
 the ocean. If we consider his greatest achievements in these two
 lines and determine their general proportional value to the
 size of the earth, it will be seen that man can do virtually
 nothing in the departure from the surface level of the earth. The
 greatest heights which have ever been attained have been in
 airplanes. As greater and greater heights are reached, the air
 becomes rarer, and oxygen cylinders or other containers have
 to be relied on to supply the necessary oxygen gas. The cold is
 very great, so that every one of these record-breaking attempts
 has involved the greatest hardship, danger to life, and is an
 example of the heroic, if we can only figure to ourselves that it
 does any good to humanity.

   We may take the earth as being about eight thousand miles iu
 diameter. It will be seen that the greatest altitude attained by
 man is six eight-thousandths of the diameter of the sphere on
 which we live. The impressiveness of magnitude, it may be
 said, lies in proportion; the six miles that we have taken as a
 rough approximation of the height'reached by the aviator is
 less than one one-thousandth of the earth’s diameter—about three-
 quarters of a thousandth. On a fair size globe, say one ten

 inches in diameter, this height, would be represented by about
 one-hundredth of an inch, or a little less than that. To get an
 idea of what this is, you may take a book and you will find that
 a page, if of reasonably thick paper, is about one two-hundredths
 of an inch thick, so that a couple of pieces of paper pasted one
 on top of the other on the globe would represent the great
 achievement of the aviator and the approximate height of Mount.
 Everest.

  This certainly seems to be very little. But when it comes to :
going down into, the earth instead, the best that -man can do
may figuratively be stated to be of microscopic extent. A good
deep level for a diver to attain is one hundred and fifty feet as
the practical view of the maximum which has ever been reached.
Take it in proportion to the diameter of the earth, and it
comes to something like the thirty-thousandth part of the diame-
ter, so that on our ten-inch globe it would represent a depression
of about the three-thousandth of an inch.

  The question of the supply of oxygen for the lungs is one of
the great problems in flying to great altitudes. But, in going
down in the water, the diver has to be supplied with air at high
pressure, so that he gets plenty of oxygen. About four-fifths
of the air is nitrogen, an absolutely inocuous, harmless gas, but
curiously enough, this is the gas which the diver has to think of;
this is the gas which gives him the divers’ disease known as the
“bends.” As nitrogen is somewhat soluble in water, and of
course much more so at high pressure than at low, the effect is
that the diver’s blood under the high pressure dissolves a quantity
of nitrogen, and if brought up rapidly out of pressure, this
nitrogen, presumably assuming the gaseous form, fills the diver’s'
veins with bubbles, and, perhaps it is fair to say, by its me-
chanical effect, gives the disease called the “bends.” The cais-
son,worker, or the deep-sea diver, is protected from this disease
by a gradual release of the pressure. It has even been proposed
to supply divers with a mixture of helium gas and oxygen. The
helium gas is supposed to have no effect upon the system on Sc-.
count of its insolubility in water. Often, to cure the “bends.”--
an iron cylinder, into which the sufferer is introduced, forms1
part of the outfit. In it the pressure is brought up to the
original and then very slowly diminished. In this way the
nitrogen escapes from the blood and the disease sucGnmBs to the
effect of the “iron doctor,” as the cylinder is termed. Lack of
oxygen, one of the constituents of the atmosphere, prevents
ascending; excess of nitrogen, the other principal constituent*,
causes troubje in deep-sea diving.

  And now it is said that Captain Simon Lake, the pioneer in-
ventor of the submarine^ wishes to attempt the recovery of the
famous “Hussar.”

  Many of our stories bring in the fourth dimension and man
glories in living in a three dimensional world. But when we
think that he cannot go up or down to any but the most trivial
proportional amount, that if he can get a drill more than a mile
down into the ground it represents an achievement, we may feel
justified in calling man little more than a two dimensional
being.

101
The Xjniverse

A Serial in Three Parts—Part I

^/ Edmond Hamilton

Author of “Locked Worlds,” “The Other Side 'of the Moon,” etc.

IT is problematical whether the enormous distance that lies between the
earth and Neptune is the only reason why so much on that planet remains a
mystery to astronomers. If the great sphere were not so remote, much might
be revealed to us. What might have happened to some of the other planets,
perhaps so much older than the earth, and what might be found upon them,
might easily exceed the pale of human conception. But that is exactly why
the subject of the possibilities of life 2000 millions of miles away from us,
opens such a fertile field for writers of scientific fiction. And there is no
assurance that the sun, for instance, should continue indefinitely to turn at
its present speed. What might happen if it should, for some reason, begin
rotating at an increasing frequency? Mr. Hamilton, who needs no intro-
duction to readers of AMAZING STORIES and certainly needs no further com-
mendatory note, concerns himself chiefly with the trip to Neptune and “life”
on Neptune. “The Universe Wreckers” is certainly the best interplanetary
story by this author that we have published thus far.

Illustrated by WESSO

CHAPTER I

A Warning of Doom

"^TT was on the third day of May, 1994, that the
world received its first news of the strange be-
havior of the sun. That first news was contained
in a brief message sent out from the North
American Observatory, in upper New York, and
signed by Dr. Herbert Marlin, the observatory’s head.
It stated that within the last twenty-four hours a slight
increase had been detected in the sun’s rotatory speed, or
rate of spin, and that while that increase might only be
an apparent one, it was being further studied. That
brief first message was broadcast, a few hours later, from
the Intelligence Bureau of the World Government, in
New York. It was I, Walter Hunt, who supervised the
broadcasting of that message at the Intelligence Bureau,
and I remember that it seemed to me of so little general'
interest that I ordered it sent out on the scientific-news
wave rather than on the general-news wave.

Late on the next day, however—the 4th—there came
another report from the North American Observatory in

which Dr. Marlin stated that he and his first assistant,
an astronomical student named Randall, had checked
their observations in the intervening hours and had found
that there was in reality a measurable increase in the
sun’s rotatory speed, an increase somewhat greater than
had been estimated at first. Dr. Marlin added that all
the facilities of the observatory were being utilized in an
effort to determine the exact amount of that increase,
and although it seemed at first glance rather incompre-
hensible, all available data concerning it would be
gathered. And at the same hour, almost, there came
corroborative reports from the Paris and Honolulu Ob-
servatories, stating that Dr. Marlin’s first observations
had already been confirmed independently by their own
observers. There could be no doubt, therefore, that .the
sun was spinning faster!

  To astronomers this news of the sun’s increased rota-
tory speed became at once a sensation of the first impor-
tance, and in the hours following the broadcasting of Dr.
Marlin's first statement, we at the Intelligence Bureau
had been bombarded with inquiries from the world’s
observatories regarding it. We could only answer those
inquiries by repeating the statement already sent out on

102
y^reckers

A Tale of
Neptune

We sat again in our chairs before the
control-panel, Whitely to my left, gaz-
ing through the big window before us
. . . soaring past the limits of earth's
atmosphere.

103
104

AMAZING STORIES

the scientific-news wave and by promising to broadcast
any further developments instantly from our Bureau,
the clearing-house of the world’s news. This satisfied
the scientifically-minded, while the great mass of the
public was so little interested in this slight increase in the
sun’s rate of spin as not to bother us with any questions
concerning it. I know that I would have taken small
interest in the thing myself, had it not been for a per-
sonal factor connected with it.

  “Marlin!” I had exclaimed, when the Intelligence
Chief had handed to me that first report for broadcast-
ing. “Dr-. Herbert Marlin—why, he was my astronomy
prof up at North American University, two years ago.”

  “Oh, you know him,” the Chief had remarked. “I
suppose then that this statement of his on the sun’s in-
creased rate of spin is authentic?”

  “Absolutely, if Dr. Marlin gave it,” I told him. "He’s
one of the three greatest living astronomers, you know.
I became good friends with him at the University, but
haven’t seen him for some time.”

  So that it was with an interest rather unusual for me,
that I followed the reports on this technical astronomical
sensation in the next few days. Those reports were
coming fast now from all the observatories of earth,
from Geneva and Everest and Tokio and Mexico City,
for almost all astronomers had turned their interest at
once toward this unprecedented phenomenon of the
sun’s increased rate of spin, which Dr. Marlin had been
first to discover. The exact amount of that increase, I
gathered, was still somewhat in doubt. For not only did
the sun turn comparatively slowly, but the problem was
complicated by the fact that it did not, like the earth
or like any solid body, rotate everywhere at the same
speed, but turned faster at the equator than at its poles,
due to its huge size and the lack of solidity of its mass.
Dr. Marlin, however, stated that according to his obser-
vations the sun’s great fiery ball, which had rotated pre-
viously at its equator at the rate of one rotation each
25 days, had already increased its rate of spin, so as to be
turning now at the rate of one rotation each 24 days,
12 hours.

  This meant that the sun’s rotatory period, or day, had
decreased 12 hours in three earth-days, and such an un-
precedented happening was bound to create an uproar of
excitement among astronomers. For to them, as to all,
who had any conception of the unvarying accuracy and
superhuman perfection of the movements of the sun and
its worlds, such a sudden increase of speed was all but
incredible. And when on the fourth day Dr. Marlin and
a score of other observers reported that the sun’s ro-
tatory period had decreased by another 4 hours, the
excitement of the astronomers was unprecedented. A
few of them, indeed, sought even in the face of the
recorded observations to cast doubt on the thing. The
sun’s rotatory speed, they contended, could be measured
only by means of the sun-spots upon its turning surface,
and it was well known that those sun-spots themselves
often-changed position, so that this sudden increase in
speed might only be an illusion.

  This contention, however, found small support in the
face of the indisputable evidence which Dr. Marlin and
his fellow-astronomers had advanced in the shape of
numerous helio-photographs and time-recordings. The
sun was spinning faster, that was undoubted by the
greater part of the world’s astronomers—but what was
making it do so? Was it due to some great dark body

 passing the solar system in space? Or was it due to
 strange changes within the sun’s great fiery sphere? It
 was the latter theory, on the whole, that was favored by
 most astronomers, and which struck me at the time as the
 most plausible. It was generally held that a great shift-
 ing of the sun’s inner layers, a movement of its mighty
 interior mass, had caused this sudden change in speed of
 rotation. Dr. Marlin "himself, though, when questioned,
 would only state that the increased rate of spin was in
 itself beyond doubt but that no sound theory could as yet
 be formed as to the phenomenon’s cause.

 AND while the astronomers thus pondered and dis-
 puted over the thing, it had begun to arouse reper-
 cussions of interest in the non-scientififc public also.
 More and more inquiries concerning it were coming to
 us at the Intelligence Bureau in those first few days,
 those inquiries becoming so numerous as to cause us to
 switch the news on the thing from the scientific-news
 wave to the general-news wave, which reached every
 '-.communication-plate in the world. It was, no doubt,
 out of sheer lack of other topics of interest that the
 world turned thus toward this astronomical sensation.
 For sensations of any kind were rare now in this peace-
 ful world of ours. The last mighty air war of 1972,
 which had ended in the total abolition of all Rational
 boundaries and the establishment of the World Govern-
 ment with its headquarters in the new world-capital of
 New York, had brought peace to the world, but it had
 also brought some measure of monotony. So that even
 such a slight break in the order of things as this increase
 in the sun’s rate of spin, was rather welcomed by the
 peoples of the world.

   And now, the thing had passed from the realm of the
 merely surprising to that of the astounding. For upon the
 fifth and sixth days had come reports from Dr. Marlin
 and from the heads of the other observatories of the
 world that the strange phenomenon was still continuing,
 that the sun’s rotatory speed was still increasing. In
 each of those two days, it was stated, it had decreased its
 period of rotation by another 4 hours, the same daily
 decrease noted previously. And the exactness of this
 decrease daily, the smoothness of this strange accelera-
 tion of the sun’s spin, proved that the acceleration could
 not have been caused by interior disturbances, as had
 at first been surmised. A great interior disturbance of the
 sun might indeed cause it to spin suddenly faster, but
 no such disturbance could be imagined as causing an
 exact and equal increase in its speed of spin with each
 succeeding day. What, then, could be the cause? Could
 it be that in some strange way the universe was suddenly
 running down?

   But while Dr. Marlin and his fellow-astronomers dis-
 cussed this matter of the phenomenon’s cause, it was its
 effects that had begun to claim the attention of the world
 at large. For that increase of the sun’s speed was al-
 ready making itself felt upon earth. Even the great
 storms in the sun’s mass, those storms that we call sun-
 spots, indeed, make themselves felt upon earth by the
 intense electrical and magnetic currents of force which
 they throw forth, causing on earth electrical storms and
 auroras and strange weather-changes. And now all the
 usual phenomena were occurring, but enhanced in inten-
 sity. On the third day of the thing, the 6th of May,
 there occurred over the mid-Atlantic an electrical storm
 of such terrific power as to all but sweep from the air
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

105

the great air-liners caught in it, the Constantinople-New
York liner and a grain-ship bound from Odessa to
Baltimore having been forced down almost to the sea's
surface by the terrific air-currents. Great auroras were
reported farther south than ever before, and over all our
earth changes in temperature were quick and sudden.
And among the other new phenomena called into being,
apparently by the sun’s increased spin, were the new
vibrations discovered at that time by Dr. Robert Whitely,
a prominent physicist and a colleague of Dr. Marlin’s at
North American University.

  Dr. Whitely’s report, though rather obscured in inter-
est by the central fact of the sun's increased speed of
spin, was yet interesting enough to physical students,
if or in it he claimed to have discovered the existence of a
new and unknown vibratory force, emanating apparently
from the disturbed sun. This was, he claimed, a vibra-
tion whose frequency lay in the octaves between light
and Hertzian or radio vibrations, an unexplored territory
in the domain of etheric vibrations. Dr. Whitely him-
self had for some time been endeavoring to push his
researches into that particular territory, but though he
had striven with many methods, he had been able to
produce or find no etheric vibrations of that frequency
until the strange increase of the sun’s rotatory speed had
begun. Then, he stated, his instruments had recorded
new vibrations somewhere out in space toward the sun,
jvhose frequency lay between the light and Hertzian
frequencies, and which seemed a force-vibration of some
sort, weak reflections from it only being recorded by his
instruments. It seemed possible, he stated, that this
strange new force-vibration was being generated some-
where inside the disturbed sun itself, and he was study-
ing it further to determine the truth of this theory.

  This discovery of Dr. Whitely’s, however, interesting
though it was, seemed to be but a side-issue of the real
problem, the acceleration of the sun’s rotation. After the
sixth day, there were no further reports from Dr. Marlin
and his fellow-astronomers. During all the seventh and
eight and ninth days there came no word to the Intelli-
gence Bureau regarding it, from any of the astronomers
who had formerly reported to us on it. And though we
got into touch with Dr. Marlin and the others by com-
munication-plate, none of them in those three days would
make any statement whatever on the thing, saying only
ithat it was being carefully studied by them and that a
statement would be issued soon. It was evident from
this universal sudden silence on their part that the as-
tronomers of the world’s observatories were acting in
Conjunction, but why they should want to withhold from
an interested world the news on this strange acceleration
of the sun’s spin, we could not understand. The great
electrical storms and temperature-changes that had pre-
vailed over earth continued,'and we were anxious to
know how much longer we might expect them to con-
tinue.

  “One would think that Dr. Marlin and the other as-
tronomers had some great secret they were keeping from
us,” I remarked to-Markham, the Intelligence Chief, and
he skook his head.

   “Secret or not, Hunt, they’re doing us out of/the first
unusual news-subject we’ve had for a year,”* he said.
“Why don’f they give us whatever they’ve learned about
this change in the sun’s rate of spin?”

  It was a question repeated by more than one in those
days, for the great public having become interested in

the matter was irritated by this silence on the part of
Dr. Marlin and his fellow-scientists. Whatever they had
learned or guessed as to the thing’s cause, why did they
not give their information to the Intelligence Bureau for
distribution to the world ? It was hinted freely that the
whole matter was a hoax devised by Dr. Marlin, which
had duped the astronomical world for the time being, and
which they were reluctant to acknowledge. It was sug-
gested also that the World President or the World
Congress should take action to make the astronomers
give out their usual reports. The public was quickly
working itself into a state of indignation over the matter,
when there suddenly burst upon it that doom-laden and
terrible statement by Dr. Marlin, which was to loose an
unprecedented terror upon the peoples of earth.

IT was on May 13th, the tenth day after Dr. Marlin’s
first announcement of the thing, that he gave to the
world through the Intelligence Bureau-that epochal state-
ment, and in it he referred first to his silence and to the
silence of his fellow astronomers in the preceding few
days. “In those days,” he said, “every observatory in the
world has been engaged in an intensive investigation of
this acceleration of the sun's rotation, which I discovered.
And in each of those days the sun’s rotatory speed has
continued to increase at exactly the same rate! In each
day that speed has increased so much as to cut down the
sun’s rotatory period 4 hours more, so that now, ten days
after the beginning of the thing, its rotatory period has
been cut down by 40 hours. In other words, ten days
ago the sun turned as it had always turned to our knowl-
edge, at the rate of one turn in every 25 days, at its
equator. Now the sun’s rotatory speed has increased to
the rate of one turn in every 23 days, 8 hours.

  “And that increase of rotary speed continues.
With each passing day the sun’s rate of rotation is grow-
ing greater by the same amount, with each passing day
it is lessening its rotatory period by 4 hours. And that
steady increase of rotation of the sun, if it continues,
spells destruction for the sun as we know it! All know
that the sun in rotating generates in its own mass a
certain amount of centrifugal force, force which tends
to break up its mass. That force is not large enough,
however, in our own sun to affect its great mass, since
our sun’s speed of rotation is not great. We know that
over vast periods of time a sun’s rotatory speed will
increase, due to the slow shrinkage of its mass, and that
when the speed has increased to a point where its cen-
trifugal force is greater than its own power of cohesion,
the sun breaks up like a bursting flywheel, breaks up or
divides into a double or multiple star. Thousands upon
tens of thousands of the stars of our universe are double
or multiple stars, having been formed thus from divid-
ing single suns, whose speed or rotation became too great.

  “But as I have said, our own sun seemed in no danger
of this fate, since the natural increase of a sun’s rotatory
speed, due to the shrinkage of its mass, is so unthinkably
slow, requires such unthinkable ages, that it is out of all
concern of ours. For our sun has rotated once in 25
days at its equator, and it has been calculated that it
would need to reach a rotatory speed of once in one hour
before its centrifugal force would be great enough to
divide it, to break it up. And because of that eon-long
slowness of a star’s natural increase of rotatory speed,
there seemed, indeed, no slightest peril of our own sun
dividing or breaking up thus, because before it could
106

AMAZING

STORIES

reach that speed of rotation required, unthinkable ages
must elapse.

  “But now, due to some cause, which none of us have
been able to guess, some great cause utterly enigmatic
and unknown to us, our sun's rotatory speed has begun
suddenly to grow greater, to increase! Faster and faster
every day the sun in spinning, its speed of rotation in-
creasing by-the same amount each day, its rotatory period
decreasing by exactly 4 hours each day! You see what
that means? It means that if the sun’s speed of spin
continues to increase at that steady rate, if its rotatory
period continues to decrease by that amount each day,
as it shows every sign of doing, within 140 days more
the sun’s rate of rotation will have increased so much
that it will be turning at the rate of one turn in one hour,
will have reached that speed at which our calculations
show that its great mass can no longer hold together!
So that 140 days from now, if this increase of rotatory
speed continues, our sun will infallibly divide into a
double star!

  "And that division means death for earth and almost
all its sistcr-planets! For when the sun divides into two
great new suns, the first force of their division will send
those two mighty balls of fire apart from each other,
and pushing thus apart from each other, they will in-
evitably engulf in their fiery masses all the inner planets
and most of the outer ones! Mercury, Venus, Earth
and Mars will undoubtedly be engulfed in the fires of the
two dividing suns upon their first separation, their first
division. Jupiter and Saturn and very probably Uranus
will be drawn inevitably into fiery death also in one or
another of those great suns, if they too are not over-
whelmed in the first separation. Neptune alone, the
outermost of all the sun’s planets, will be far enough
out to escape annihilation in the dividing suns when the
terrific cataclysm occurs. For if the sun continues to
spin faster, as it is now doing, that cataclysm must in-
evitably* occur, and must as inevitably plunge our earth
to fiery doom and wreck our solar system, our universe!”

CHAPTER II

To Neptune!

“ "TT"'X OOM faces us, a fiery doom in which the divid-

  s 1 ing sun will annihilate earth and most of its

     *	sister-planets! Panic even now grips all the
peoples of earth, such panic as has never been known
before, as that doom marches inevitably toward them!
Yet inevitable, inescapable as that doom seems, we of
the World Congress, we who represent here all the
gathered peoples of earth, must endeavor to find even
now some last chance of lifting this awful menace
from us!”

  The World President paused, his dark, steady eyes
searching out through the great room at whose end, upon
a raised platform, he stood. Behind him on that plat-
form sat a row of some two-score men and women,
garbed like'himself and all others in the modern short
and sleeveless garments of differing colors, while before
him in the great room stretched the rows of seated mem-
bers of the great World Congress, the twelve hundred
men and women who represented in it all the peoples of
earth; Just beneath the great platform’s edge sat Mark-
ham, the Intelligence Chief, and myself; before us were
the switches that controlled the communication-plates

throughout the room that broadcast all proceedings in it
to the world. And sitting there, I could glance up and
see among those two-score behind the World President
two figures well known to me; the strong figure of Dr.
Marlin, with his intense gray eyes and gray-touched
hair; and the lounging, dark-haired form of Dr. Robert
Whitely, his somewhat sardonic countenance and cool
eyes turned now with keen interest toward the World
President before him. And as the latter began again to
speak my own gaze shifted toward him.

  “It has been just three days,” the World President was
saying, “since Dr. Herbert Marlin and his fellow-as-
tronomers gave to the world a warning of this doom that
hangs above it, gave to us a warning that in less than
five months more, if the sun’s rotatory speed continues
to increase, it must inevitably divide into a double star
and in so doing wreck our universe and plunge most of
its planets into fiery death. I need not speak now of the
terror that has reigned over earth since that announce-
ment. It is sufficient to say that the first wild riots, in-
spired by that terror in Europe and Northern Asia, have
been suppressed by the dispatch of police cruisers, and
that throughout the world order is being maintained and
most of our world’s activities are being carried on as
usual. Yet it is clear to all that the panic which that
statement inspired has not subsided, rather it is growing
in force over the earth’s surface with the passing of each
day. For each day is bringing our earth nearer to death!

  “For each day, each of these three intervening days,
the sun’s speed of rotation has continued to increase by
the same exact amount! Each day its rotatory period
has decreased by 4 hours more! It cannot be doubted
then that whatever is causing this strange acceleration, it
will keep on, until in a mere 137 days from the present,
the sun’s rotatory period will have reached the figure of
one hour. When that occurs our sun will, as Dr. Marlin
has warned us, divide into a double star! Nothing in the
universe can save our earth or its neighboring planets
then. Our one hope, therefore, to save ourselves, is to
prevent that thing from happening, to halt this accelera-
tion of the sun’s spin before it reaches its critical point
137 days from now! For it is only by halting that
steady increase pf its rotatory speed that we can avoid
this terrific cataclysm that means death for us!

  “But can we halt this acceleration of the sun’s spin
when none of our astronomers has been able to ascer-
tain its cause? That is what you will ask, and in answer
to that I say, some hours ago two of our scientists did
ascertain that cause. They learned at last what great,
what almost incredible cause is responsible for this ac-
celeration of our sun’s rotatory speed. Those two scien-
tists are well known to all of you, for they are Dr.
Herbert Marlin himself, who first discovered the fact of
the sun’s faster spin, and Dr. Robert Whitely, his
physicist-colleague, who has been studying the new vi-
brations recorded by his instruments since the beginning
of that acceleration of the sun’s rotatory speed. These
two men have found, at last, the terrible cause of our
sun’s strange behavior, and it is that you might hear it
.that I have called you of the World Congress together
at this time. It is Dr. Marlin himself, then, who will
tell you what he and his fellow-scientist have discovered.”

  The World President stepped aside, and as he did so
Dr. Marlin rose, stepped forward to the great platform’s
edge, and looked quietly out over the great room’s oc-
cupants. I was aware as he did so of a quality of utter
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

107

tension in all the hundreds in that room, of a hushed
silence, in which the slightest sound seemed unnaturally
loud. Through the great windows there came a deep
hum of sound from the sunlit surrounding city, but in
the big room itself was silence almost complete until
Dr. Marlin’s strong, deep voice broke it.

   “It was thirteen days ago,” he Said, “that the accelera-
tion of our sun’s rotatory speed was first noted, thirteen
days ago that it first began to spin faster. In those days
we of the world’s observatories have sought unceasingly
for the cause, whatever it was, that was behind this
strange acceleration of the sun’s spin, and have sought
for that cause even more intently in the last few days,
since it was recognized by us, that this increasing rotatory
speed foreshadowed the division of the sun and the doom
of almost" all its planets. That acceleration of speed was
too exact, too uniform each day, to be the result’of in-
terior disturbances. It could not be the result of the
influence of some dark body passing the solar system in
space, for such a body would affect the planets also.
What, then, could be the thing’s cause? That is what I
and all astronomers have been seeking to solve in the last
days. That great enigma has finally been solved, not by an
astronomer, but by a physicist—by Dr. Robert Whitely,
my fellow-professor at North American University.

   “It will be remembered that when the first great effects
of the sun’s increased spin became apparent on earth, the
great electrical storms and temperature-changes that still
are troubling earth, Dr. Whitely announced the discovery
of new vibrations which were apparently emanating
from the troubled sun also. That new vibration lay in
frequency between the Hertzian and the light vibrations,
an unexplored territory in the field of etheric vibrations.
It seemed, Dr. Whitely then stated, a force-vibration of
some sort, the weak reflected impulses from it, that
reached his instruments, affecting them as tangible force.
It seemed reasonable to suppose, therefore, that this
new force-vibration or ray was being generated inside
the sun’s disturbed mass, just as light-vibrations and
heat-vibrations and cosmic ray-vibrations and many
others are generated by and radiated from the sun.

“TN the next days, however, Dr. Whitely continued to
. A study this new vibration, and endeavored to trace it
accurately to the sun by using recording instruments
which recorded it as strongest or weakest in various
quarters of space. By means of these instruments, he
was able to plot the course of this force-vibration or ray
in space, to chart the path of its strongest portion in
space. And by doing this he found that this new force
vibration, contrary to his expectations, was not being
radiated out equally in all directions as one might expect.
It was being shot forth in a great force-beam or ray, one
which cut a straight path across half our solar system!
And that mighty force-ray, whose weaker reflected puls-
ings only struck his instruments here on earth, was not
being generated and shot forth by the sun, but was strik-
ing the sun! And tracing its path out across the solar
system by his charts he found that the great force-ray
was being shot out from the planet Neptune, was stab-
bing across the great gulf from Neptune, the outermost
planet, and striking the sun!

   “And it was that giant force-ray, as Dr. Whitely and I
soon saw, that was and is making our sun’s rotatory
speed steadily increase! For that great ray, as we found,
is one that can stab across space and strike any object

with terrific force, as though it were solid and material!
You know that even light rays, light vibrations, exert a
definite pressure or force upon the matter which they
strike. Well, these force-vibrations, of greater wave-
length than the light vibrations, also exert pressure and
force upon any matter which they strike, but they exert
an infinitely greater pressure, can stab across the vast
void and strike any object with colossal and unceasing
pressure. In this way, then, this great force-vibration or
ray hurtles across space and strikes all matter in its path
with terrific force, as though a solid arm were pushing
across the gulf.

  “And this terrific ray of force, stabbing in through the
solar system from Neptune, was striking our sun just at
its edge, just at its limb, at its equator. It struck that
edge turning always away from Neptune, and striking
that turning edge of the sun with terrific force as it did,
the great pushing ray made it turn even faster away from
Neptune at that edge, made the sun turn faster and
faster! Pressing always upon the turning sun’s edge with
the same great power, this mighty force-ray has made the
sun rotate faster each day, has made its rotatory speed
increase by the same amount each day. And since that
great ray is still stabbing across the gulf from Neptune
to the sun, is still accelerating the sun’s spin, it is to that
ray that we will owe the division of our sun into two
parts, 137 days from now, and the consequent wrecking
of our solar system!

  “For Neptune alone will escape the cataclysm that
will take place when the sun divides, and it is from
Neptune, from intelligent beings on Neptune, there can
be not the slightest doubt, that this great force-ray comes.
For it cannot be doubted for an instant that this mighty
force-ray is the work of intelligent creatures upon
Neptune. Never in all the many discussions concerning
the possibility of life on the other planets have astrono-
mers conceded any possibility of life on Neptune, the
outermost of the sun’s worlds, for though we have al-
ways known it to have air and water, its great distance
from the sun must needs make it so cold a world as to
be unable to sustain life. That was our belief before,
but now with this great ray from Neptune swiftly wreck-
ing our solar system before our very eyes, we can no
longer doubt that life, intelligent life, exists there!

  “It is the beings of Neptune, therefore, the creatures
of the sun’s outermost world, who are making the sun
spin faster and faster, who are deliberately planning to
make our sun divide into a double star, to wreck its uni-
verse! What their reason is for doing this, we cannot
now guess. We know that Neptune, almost alone among
the sun’s planets, will survive the great cataclysm of its
division, and we can but hazard the thought that it is for
some great advantage to themselves that the Neptunians
are engaged upon this colossal task. Neither can we
guess just how, exactly, they are doing it, how they are
able to push against the sun with such colossal force
without Neptune itself being pushed out into the void by
the tremendous reaction from that push. But these
things are not of the greatest interest, to us now.

  “The thing of greatest interest to us now is this:
Can we halt this acceleration of the sun’s rotation, can
we thwart the doom which the Neptunians would loose
upon us? To do that there is but one remedy! That is
to bring to an end this great force-ray which the beings
of Neptune are playing upon our sun’s edge, with which
they are making that sun turn faster. And to bring
108

AMAZING STORIES

that ray to an end, to destroy it, it is necessary that we
go out to Neptune, to the source of that great ray. For
it is only at its source, whatever that source may be,
that this force-ray can be destroyed! And it is only by
destroying that force-ray that earth and its sister-planets
can be saved!

  “This proposition, this plan to go out to Neptune
itself, may.seem to you impossible. For greatly as our
scientific knowledge has risen in the last decades, we
have been unable to bridge the gulf to even the near-
est of the planets. True, we have managed to send
rockets to our moon and explode flares there by means
of them, but never yet have any of us reached even the
nearest of our neighboring planets. And thus to pro-
pose to go out to Neptune, the farthest and outermost of
all the planets, the last outpost of our solar system, may
appear to you quite senseless. But it is not so, for now,
at last, there is given to us the power to venture out into
the gulf of space to other planets! And that power is
given to us by the very doom that now threatens us,
since it is the force-ray or vibration with which the be-
ings of Neptune are turning our sun faster, which we
can use to cross the gulf of space!

  “For since his instruments first received and re-
corded that vibration, the weak reflected pulsings of the
great ray, Dr. Whitely has studied it intensively, and
has been able, by reversing the hook-up of his receiving
and recording instruments, to produce similar vibra-
tions, a similar ray, himself! He has been able to de-
vise small generators which produce the same force-ray,
and on that principle larger generators also can be de-
vised and constructed, to shoot forth a force-ray of im-
mense power. With such a force-ray, generated from
inside a strong, hermetically-closed flier, one could shoot
out at will into the great void! For if such a flier, resting
on earth, turned its powerful ray down upon earth, that
ray would strike earth with terrific force. Being so vast
in mass, and the flier from which the ray is shot down
being so small, it would not be earth that would be
perceptibly moved by the ray, but the flier itself would
be shot instantly up and outward into space by the ray’s
great pushing reaction!

  “It would be necessary only to head the space-flier
out toward the desired planet upon starting, and the push-
ing force of the great ray, constantly turned on, would so
accelerate the flier’s speed that it would be pushed out
toward that planet at a terrific velocity, a speed which
could be controlled by the power of the pushing ray. To
escape the attraction of other planets among which it
might pass, the space-flier would need only to shoot a
similar great force-ray out toward whatever planet was
attracting it, and the pushing force of that ray would hold
the flier out from it. And when the space-flier neared
the planet that was its goal, it could gradually slow its
progress by means of a ray shot ahead toward that
planet, braking its forward rush thus, and being able to
land smoothly and without harm upon that planet!

  "Such a space-flier as that might be built and operated
in that way, with the great force-ray or vibration of the
beings of Neptune to propel it, and in such a flier it
would be possible to go out across the gulf to Neptune
itself! Such a flier, pushing itself out into space with
a great ray, could be brought to such colossal speeds that
the journey out through the gulf to the distant planet
could be accomplished in but a score or more of days.
JVe have the power to build that flier, we have at last,

at this tense moment, the power to send such a space-
flier out into the void. And I propose that such a space-
flier be built with the greatest speed possible and be sent
out to Neptune to locate and if possible to destroy the
source of the mighty force-ray whose colossal power is
spinning our sun ever faster, threatening earth and most
of its sister-planets with a final doom!

“ A SINGLE space-flier capable of holding three or
ii four men and their equipment and supplies, could
be built in a month or more, if all energies were concen-
trated upon it, and if the great generators of the force-
ray which it would need could be constructed in that
time. That single flier, when built, should be sent out to
Neptune at once! For little enough time remains to us
before the break-up of our sun; little more than four
months indeed. And that single flier, going out with its
occupants at once, could locate the source of the mighty
force-ray on Neptune, and if it could not destroy that
ray’s source, could at least return to earth with exact
knowledge of its position. And in the interval, there could
be constructed here on earth a fleet of such space-fliers, so
that with a knowledge of the great ray’s source these
might be able to destroy it. All depends, however, upon
constructing and sending out that first space-flier, while
there is yet time!

  “It would not be possible to construct a large space-
flier in the short time of a month that I have mentioned,
but a small one capable of holding four men, say, could
be built in that time if all efforts were concentrated upon
it. And I myself will be one of those four! For upon
disclosing this plan to the World President, I was asked
by liim to be the commander of such a space-flier on its
venture out to Neptune; and I accepted! Another of
that four must be Dr. Whitely, whose discovery of the
great force-ray from Neptune has shown us whence our
doom is coming, and which discovery has alone made
such a space-flier possible. It is my intention to take as
a third my own assistant, Allen Randall, and as the fourth
person to make, this momentous voyage it would be best,
no doubt, to have some younger member of the Intelli-
gence Bureau, so that a complete report on the great
ray’s source and on all else encountered could be brought
back, in case we were unable to destroy the ray our-
selves.

  “This, then, is the one chance for our earth, that in
such a space-flier or fliers we of earth can go out to
Neptune and put an end to that mighty force-ray from
Neptune that is spinning our sun ever faster. For if we
can do that, if we can construct such a space-flier or fliers
and reach Neptune and bring an end to that ray before
the 137 days left to us have elapsed, we will have halted
this acceleration of our sun’s spin, will have prevented
its division. But if we cannot do that, if we are unable
in the short time remaining to us to accomplish the task
of destroying that mighty force-ray, then the beings of
Neptune will have accomplished their colossal purpose,
will have caused our sun to divide into a double star and
will have sent all its planets except Neptune to a fiery
doom!”

  Dr. Marlin’s strong voice ceased, and as it did so an
utter silence reigned over the great room for some mo-
ments, broken at last by the voices of the twelve hundred
members of the great World Congress—breaking into a
vast, indistinguishable roar! My heart was pounding at
what I had heard, and I turned, spoke swiftly to Mark-
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

109

ham beside me, and then as he nodded was leaping up
myself upon the great platform! Was leaping up to
where Marlin was standing now with Dr. Whitely and
the World President, the whole great room trembling
now with the cheering shouts with which those in it
greeted Dr. Marlin’s announcement. And there I was
speaking rapidly to the World President, and to Dr.
Marlin.

   “The fourth man, sir !”,I cried. “The fourth man
 that’s to go in the space-flier—let me be that fourth!”

   The World President, recognizing me, turned in-
quiringly toward Dr. Marlin, who nodded, placing a hand
on my shoulder. “Hunt is from the Intelligence Bureau,”
he said, "and he’s young and has had scientific training—
was one of my own students. We could have no better
fourth.”

   My heart leaped at his words, and then the World
 President nodded to me. “You will be the fourth then,
 Mr. Hunt,” he said, shaking my hand. And as I stood
 there on the platform with Marlin and Dr. Whitely, the
 World President was turning back to the hundreds of
 shouting members, a sea of faces extending back to the
 great room’s walls. Cheering as they were at this last
 chance to save earth and its peoples that had been pro-
 posed to them, this last hope given to them to halt the
 terrible doom overshadowing them, their great uproar yet
 stilled for a moment as the World President turned
 toward them, as his voice went out to them over the
 great room.

   “You, the members of the World Congress,” he said,
 f‘have heard that which Dr. Marlin has told you. With
 this last hope in view, it is unnecessary for me to tell
 you to bend now all the world’s energies toward that one
 'chance, toward the construction of the first space-flier.
 For since upon that space-flier rests the only chance to
 save earth, to prevent the sun’s cataclysmic division,
 which this great ray from Neptune is accomplishing; I
 have no fear but that in a month from now that space-
 flier will be completed. Have no fear but that in it, a
 month from now, Dr. Marlin and his three friends will
 start on their unprecedented and momentous voyage out
 from earth into space; will start 011 their great flight
 out through the void—to Neptune!”

CHAPTER III

The Space-Flier Starts

HREE more days and the last work will be
done—the space-flier will be finished!”

   It was Dr. Marlin who spoke and Whitely be-
 side him, nodded. “Three more days,” he said, “and
 we’ll be starting.”

   We four, Marlin and Whitely and Randall and my-
self, were standing on the flat roof of the great World
Government building, that gigantic cylindrical white
structure that looms two thousand feet into the air at
the center of the new world-capital, New York. All
around us there stretched the colossal panorama of New
York’s mighty cylindrical buildings, each rearing sky-
ward from its little green park, extending as far away as
the eye could reach, many of them rising on great sup-
porting piers out of the waters of the rivers and bay
around the island. In the late afternoon sunlight above
them there swirled and* seethed great masses of arriving
and departing aircraft, unfolding their helicopter-vanes

 from their long hulls as they paused to rise or descend,
 seeming to fill the air, while away to the south the great
 Singapore-New York liner was slanting smoothly down
 toward the great flat surface of the air-docks. Yet it
 was to none of these things, nor to the masses of humans
 that swarmed and crowded in the city’s streets far be-
 neath us, that we four were giving our attention at
 that moment, for we were gazing intently at the great
 object that stood on the roof before us.

  That object was a great gleaming metal polyhedron
that loomed in a supporting framework beside us like a
huge ball-like faceted crystal of metal. This great
faceted baH of metal, though, was fully thirty feet in
diameter, and here and there in the great, smooth, faceted,
plane-surfaces of it were set hexagonal windows of
clear glass, protected by thick raised rims of metal
around them. There were also set in six of the facets six
round openings a foot in diameter, one of these being
in the. faceted ball’s top, one in itsvbottom, and four at
equi-distant points around its equator. In one of the flat
facet-sides, also, was a screw-door of a few feet diameter
that now was open, giving a glimpse across a small
vestibule-chamber inside through a second open screw-
door into the great polyhedron’s interior. That interior
seemed crowded with gleaming mechanisms and equip-
ment, attached to the inner side of the great metal shell.

  Marlin was contemplating the great thing intently
as we stood there on the roof beside its supporting
framework. “Finished—in three more days,” he re-
peated. “Everything’s ready for the last generator.”
“That will be done in two days more,” said Randall,
beside me. “Everything else at the World Government’s
laboratories has been suspended in order to get these
generators ready for us.”

  “They’ve worked fast to get three of the generators in
the flier already,” Marlin acknowledged. “Especially
since Whitely here, in directing them, had only his own
first crude models to work on.”

  "Lucky we are to get'the generators completed and the
space-flier finished in the month we estimated!” I ex-
claimed. “If the whole world hadn’t centered its energies
on the space-flier’s completion we’d never have done it—
and even so it’s been a tremendous task.”

  It had, indeed, been a period of tense and toiling ac-
tivity for Marlin and Whitely and Randall and me, that
time of four weeks that had elapsed since Marlin had
proposed his great plan to the World Congress. In those
weeks all our efforts, and all the efforts of the world too,
it seemed, had been concentrated upon the building of
that space-flier in which we four, first of all men, were
to venture out into the great void, to flash out to Nep-
tune in our attempt to halt the great ray that was spinning
our sun ever faster to its destruction and to ours. For
each day of those four weeks the rotatory speed of the
sun had grown ever greater, its rotatory period decreasing
by an exact four hours each day. The instruments of
Dr. Whitely, too, showed that the mighty force-ray was
still playing unceasingly from Neptune upon the turning
sun’s edge, spinning that sun ever faster. Already the
terrific pressure of that great ray had lowered the sun’s
rotatory period to 18 days, 4 hours, and in hardly more
than a hundred days more, we knew, would have brought
the sun’s rotatory period down to that critical figure of
one hour at which it could no longer hold together, at
which it would divide into a double star and plunge earth
to doom and wreck the solar system.
110

AMAZING STORIES

  And with that knowledge, all the world had sought to
aid in the construction of our space-flier. Dr. Marlin
had directed that construction, aided by his assistant,
young Randall, whom I had met for the first time and had
found a sunny-haired fun-loving fellow of my own age.
And it had been Dr. Marlin who, after consultation with
the world’s greatest engineering authorities, had chosen
for the flier the form of a great polyhedron. Such a
form, it had been found, could resist pressure from
within and. without much better than the spherical form
that had been at first suggested, and it was realized that
this power of resistance would be necessary. For upon
venturing out from earth’s gravitation-field into gravi-
tationless space, the very interior stresses of such a space-
flier would tend to explode it unless it was braced against
those stresses. Also the space-flier was to be shot out
through the void and maneuvered in that void by the
pushing reaction of its own great force-rays against the
earth or other planets, and though that force would thus
hurtle the flier out at terrific speed, it would also crumple
the flier itself unless it were strong enough to withstand
the force-ray’s terrific pressure.

WITH the space-flier’s form decided and the plans
for it drafted, work upon it had begun at once. At
the World President’s suggestion, it was being set up on
the great flat roof of the World Government building.
From over all earth had come the world’s most brilliant
engineers and scientists to aid in its construction, for the
world lay still beneath the great shadowing wing of fear
that had been cast over it, when the peoples of earth had
learned first of the doom that Neptune and its beings
were loosing upon the solar system. So that though the
world’s first wild panic had subsided, it had been re-
placed by a waxing realization and dread that had made
the peoples of earth and their representatives offer to us
their help in this plan of ours, which alone held out any
chance, however slender, of escape from the annihila-
tion that was nearing earth. Laboring ceaselessly day
and night therefore, in picked crews of workers that every
few hours replaced each other, Dr. Marlin and Randall
and myself and our eager workers had swiftly brought
the great space-.flier’s metal shell into being.

  That great crystal-like shell, at Dr. Marlin’s sugges-
tion, had been made double-walled, the space between
the two walls being pumped to as complete a vacuum as
possible so that vacuum might insulate the flier’s in-
terior from the tremendous differences in temperature
that it would meet in space. For where the sun’s heat-
radiations struck the flier in space it would be warm, hot
even, but those parts in shadow would be subjected to
the absolute zero of empty space. Each of these thick
double walls, in turn, was itself built up of alternate
layers of finest steel and of non-metallic, asbestos-like
insulating material, pressed and welded together by titanic
forces into a single thickness. And the great faceted wall-
sections of the flier, when in place, had been so welded
and fused one to the other by the new molccular-diffusion
fusing process, that the great ball-like faceted flier might
have been and was, in fact, a single and seamless poly*
hedron, its strength enormous.

  In one of the flier’s facets was the round screw-door,
admitting one through a small vestibule-chambered, and
then through a second hermetically-sealing door into the
flier’s interior. In that interior, all the flier’s mechanisms
and equipment had been attached directly to the inner

side of its great crystal-like Ball, with hexagonal windows,
made double and of thick unbreakable glass, here and
there in the walls, between the mechanisms. Just inside
one of those large windows, at what might be called
the ball-like flier’s front, were ranged on a black panel of
several feet in length the space-flier’s controls. The most
central of these controls were six gleaming-handled levers
which controlled the flier’s great force-rays, shooting
theiri forth from any one of the six ray-openings in its
sides, to send the flier hurtling through space by reac-
tion, or to use against asteroids or other objects as a great
weapon. Supported from the wall in front of those
levers was a metal chair that swung on pivots and on
sliding pneumatic shock-absorbing tubes, a metal strap
across it to hold its occupant in it. And the occupant of
that chair, with the six force-ray controls before him,
thus controlled the flier’s flight through space, and could,
if necessary, use its great rays as weapons.

  To the left of those controls were the recording dials
and switches of the four great generators. Those four
gleaming cubical generators themselves were attached to
the other side of the flier’s hollow interior, along with
the marvelously compact and powerful Newson-Canetti
batteries. Operating from those batteries whose power-
stores were almost exhaustless, the generators, when
turned on, would generate the great force-vibrations
which, of a wavelength higher than that of light vibra-
tions, exerted a terrific pressure or force beside which
the pressure of light was as nothing. These vibrations
were carried by thick black cables running between the
flier’s double walls to the projecting-mechanisms inside
the six ray-openings, and from those openings the great
force-vibrations were released as great force-rays by the
operator of the flier’s six controls. These great force-
rays, we had found, almost equalled the speed of light
itself in the velocity with which they shot out from the
flier’s ray-openings.

  In front of the generators’ recording dials and switches
was suspended a metal chair like “that of the control-
operator, while between those two was a third chair
before which, on the control-panel, were ranged the in-
struments recording the space-flier’s conditions of flight.
There was a space-speed indicator, working by means of
ether-drift, a set of dials that accurately recorded the
gravitational pull of celestial bodies in all directions, in-
side and outside temperature recorders, inside and out-
side air-testers, and beside others the controls of a num-
ber of the necessary mechanisms attached at different
points inside the hollow faceted ball of the flier. Among
these were the controls of the flier’s air-renovator, which
automatically removed the carbon-dioxide from the flier’s
breathed air by atomic dissociation and replaced it with
oxygen from the compact tanks of compressed liquid-
oxygen; the controls of the heating-mechanism, which
beside its own heating coils was to utilize the heat of the
sun on the flier’s side in space; and the control of the
hooded lights set above the flier’s control-panel *and
mechanisms.

  To the right of the control-operator’s chair, too, there
was a fourth similar chair before which were ranged on
the control-panel a compact but extremely efficient bat-
tery of astronomical instruments. There was a ten-inch
refracting telescope, its lens set directly in the big hexa-
gonal window over the control-panel, the tube of the
telescope, thanks to the new "re-reflecting” principle,
being but a score or so of inches in length. There was
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

111

also a small but efficient spectroscope similarly mounted,
a xnicrometric apparatus for accurate measurements of
celestial objects, and a shielded bolometer for ascertain-
ing the radiated heat of any celestial body.

  These four metal chairs, suspended there in front of
the long control-panel and with the big hexagonal win-
dow before and above them, were mounted all upon
special shock-absorbing tubes of pneumatic design which
would enable us to withstand the pressure of our flier’s
acceleration upon starting, and the pressure also of its
deceleration upon slowing and stopping. Seated in them,
we would be able to look forth over the space-flier’s
controls into the void before us, and since gravitation
would be lacking in the flier, once out in space, metal
straps across them would hold us in them. Here and
there among the mechanisms that lined the ball-like flier’s
interior, too, were hand-grips by which we could float
without harm among the mechanisms and equipment,
while the metal bunks attached at one point to the flier’s
interior were provided with metal straps to hold us in
them during sleep.

RANGED among the mechanisms, that lined the
flier’s interior, were the cabinets that held our stores
and special equipment. Among these were ample stores
of food in thermos-cans, kept hot thus and obviating all
necessity of cooking, the tanks of compressed water, and
the extra liquid-oxygen tanks. Also attached to hooks
on the walls were the four space-walkers that had been
constructed for us to enable us to venture outside of the
flier into airless space, if necessary. These space-walkers
were cylindrical metal structures seven feet or more in
height and three in diameter, tapering at the top to a
smooth dome in which were small vision-windows.
Each held a small generator of force-vibrations, and an
equally small air-renovator. There were two hollow
metal jointed arms that extended from the upper part,
and on entering the cylinder and closing its base-door
one thrust his own arms inside those hollow metal ones.
They ended in great pincer-claws that could be actuated
by one’s own hands inside, while the space-walker itself
was moved through the void by its generated force-
vibrations being shot out from a small ray-opening in
the cylinder’s bottom.

  Standing inside the hollow, ball-like polyhedron of the
flier, therefore, its mechanisms and equipment extended
all about and above and beneath one, attached rigidly in
every case to the flier’s inner surface. That equipment,
those mechanisms, indeed, had taxed all the powers of
the great World Government laboratories to provide in
the short time that was ours, but by a miracle of effort
it had been done. And now, as we four gazed up toward
the great gleaming faceted thing, resting beside us there
in its framework of metal girders, we knew that there
remained only the last of the four great generators to
be completed, and that in two days more, as Randall had
said, that too would be completed and installed and the
space-flier would be ready for its final tests and for the
start of our great trip. Looking up at the great thing
towering there beside us in the waning afternoon sun-
light, I was struck with a sudden realization of the stu-
pendousness of the task that we had set ourselves; of the
thing that lay before us.

  “To go out in that from earth to Neptune—to Nep-
tune!—it seems impossible,” I said.

  Marlin nodded, his hand on my shoulder. “It seems

strange enough,” he assented, “but to Neptune in three
more days we’re going, Hunt. For no other chance is
there to save earth from the doom marching upon it.”

  “But can we save it?” I exclaimed. “Can we four
really hope to contend against beings who, whatever
their nature, have power enough to reach across the solar
system and speed our spinning sun on to its doom and
ours ?”

  Marlin looked gravely at me, and at Whitely and
Randall beside me. “A chance there is—must be,” he
said solemnly, “even though little time now remains to
us. And with that chance—with earth’s chance—in our
hands, we must strike out to the last with all our power
for earth!”

  Those words of Marlin, I think, steadied us all in the
whirling rush of activities that was ours during the next,
the last, diree days. For in those three days, as the last
generator approached completion and was completed and
installed, we four were ceaselessly busy with the last
preparations for our start. Whitely, who had designed
and was to have complete charge of the space-flier’s
great generators, was busy inspecting and testing those
generators. Randall and I were familiarizing ourselves
with the flier’s controls, for we two were to alternate in
controlling its flight through the void. Marlin, who
would not only command our little party but would have
charge of the astronomical equipment in it, and would
chart our course out through the trackless gulf, was oc-
cupied beside numberless other tasks in plotting, with
the assistance of some of the world’s foremost astrono-
mers, that course that we must follow now. So that as
there came upon us the last day of June 16th, that day
upon whose night we were to start our momentous
journey, it found us working still upon our last prepara-
tions.

  By the time that day and night had come, too, it found
the excited expectation of the world keyed up to an
agonized point. For days, indeed, great crowds had
swirled about the base of the huge World Government
building, on whose roof we worked, and, as the last hours
approached, it seemed that all the world’s thoughts, in-
deed, were concentrated upon that roof, upon the great
gleaming space-flier on it. For all knew that upon that
flier and upon the mission which we four were attempt-
ing in it depended the one chance of escape for earth.
For steadily, remorselessly, the sun was spinning still
ever faster, the great pushing force-ray from Neptune
still stabbing across the solar system to spin the sun on
and on with greater and greater rotatory speed, until it
divided and doomed earth and its sister-planets. So that
those last days, those last hours, seemed to all the world
as to ourselves to pass with nerve-tearing slowness.

  There came at last, however, the night of the 16th, the
night of our start, with the space-flier complete and ready
in its framework at last. The last work of Marlin and
Whitely had been to check over the construction-plans
of the fiier, which were to be left behind so that a great
fleet of space-fliers, as the World President had said,
could be constructed. Were we to return from Neptune
with knowledge of the position and nature of the great
doom-ray’s source there, that fleet of space-fliers would
be ready to sally out and attempt to bring an end to the
great ray. But that knowledge, if we gained it, we must
bring back ourselves, since there was no method of com-
munication from our space-flier to earth, the well-known
“Heaviside layer” surrounding earth being impene-
112

AMAZING STORIES

trable to all radio and. communication vibrations and
making such communication impossible. With this last
preparation completed, however, we four stood ready
upon the night of the 16th for the start of our great
venture.

IT was an hour after midnight that we were to start,
and it was not until some minutes past midnight that
Marlin and Whitely and Randall and I left our quarters
in the World Government building and ascended to its
roof. As we emerged upon that roof we stopped in-
voluntarily. For the great roof itself and all the sur-
rounding colossal city of New York were lit now with
brilliant white suspended lights, and beneath them upon
the roof and in the streets far beneath were masses upon
masses of waiting men and women. Those upon the
roof were the twelve hundred members of the great
World Congress, assembled there to see our start out
into the void on our desperate venture. At their center
was a clear, roped-off space on the roof in which there
towered the framework that held our great space-flier,
gleaming in the brilliance of the lights about it, and just
inside that clear space stood the World President, a half-
dozen officials beside him.

  As we paused there for that moment, Marlin’s face
grave and intent with purpose, Whitely coolly looking
about him, and Randall and I endeavoring to conceal the
excitement that pounded at our hearts, the whole scene
was imprinted indelibly upon my brain. The crowds
and brilliant lights about and beneath us, the great space-
flier’s faceted bulk looming into the darkness, the colos-
sal buildings of the great world-capital that stretched
away in the darkness in all directions, a great mass of
shining lights among which swirled a packed sea of hu-
manity gazing up toward our flier—these formed a
mighty panorama about us, but in that moment we turned
our gaze up from them, up toward the great constellations
of summer stars that gleamed in the black skies overhead.
Away in the southern skies, not high above the horizon,
burned the equatorial constellations, Scorpio and Sagit-
tarius and Capricorn, with the calm white light-globule
of Jupiter moving in Scorpio and the bright red dot of
Mars and yellow spark of Saturn in Capricorn. But it
was toward Sagittarius that we were gazing, for among
that constellation’s stars there shone also Neptune, in-
visible to our unaided eyes but almost seen by us, it
seemed, in that tense moment.

  Then we four were moving across the roof toward
the looming framework that upheld the space-flier, paus-
ing inside its dear space to face the World President.
It was a moment of cosmic drama, that moment in which
earth and the silent peoples of earth, that had gathered
in millions there to watch us, were sending forth four of
themselves into the trackless void for the first time, send-
ing them forth with earth’s one chance for life in their
hands. The World President, facing us, did not speak,
though*; did not break the thick silence that seemed to lie
over all the mighty city. He reached forth, gripped our
hands with his own, grasped them tightly, silently, his
steady eyes upon ours, and then stepped back. And then
Marlin leading, we were clambering up the framework
to the flier’s screw-door, passing silently inside and then
screwing that great door hermetically shut behind us.
That done, we passed across the little vestibule-chamber
and through the second screw-door, closing it likewise
behind us.

  Then, clambering up to the four suspended chairs in
front of the control-panels, we took our places in them;
Marlin in the right chair, his telescope and astronomical
equipment before him, I in the next one, with the six
controls of the space-flier’s movements before me,
Randall in!the third chair, the recording dials and minor
controls of the flier before him, and Whitely in the
fourth or left chair, the dials and switches of the gener-
ators before him. Seated there, the constellation of
Sagittarius and the other southern stars were full before
us in our big window, for our space-flier was so sup-
ported in its framework that by turning on its great
force-ray from the lower ray-opening we would be shot
out by the terrific repulsive force straight toward Sagit-
tarius, toward Neptune, slanting out tangent-wise from
earth’s surface. And now Marlin was peering through
the short, strange-looking tube of the telescope, was
touching its focusing wheels lightly, peering again, and
then turning to me.

  “Neptune,” he said quietly. “We’ll start when it
reaches the center of this telescope’s field of view—when
the flier is pointed directly toward it.”

  “But we can maneuver the flier in any direction in
space, could head out from earth and then toward Nep-
tune,” Randall commented, as I applied my own eye to
the telescope, and Marlin nodded.

  “We can, but by starting straight toward Neptune
we’ll use less of our generators’ power.”

  While he spoke I was gazing through the telescope,
and though I had gazed upon Neptune many times before
it was never with such feelings as gripped me now. Like
a little pale green spot of calm light it was, floating there
in the darkness of the great void, its single moon not
visible to me even through the powerful telescope. Then
as I straightened from the telescope’s eye-piece Marlin
had taken it again, gazing intently into it now, to call
out to me the moment when the planet reached the center
of its field of view, when our space-flier would be headed
straight toward it. For it was then, as Marlin had said,
that we planned to hurtle out toward the planet with all
the power of our great force-rays, not only reacting but
pushing against earth as light pushes. But since we must
necessarily change our course once in space, to allow
for Neptune’s own movement among other things, we
would use less power by making our first start straight
toward it.

  Now, as we sat tensely there, I had turned, nodded to
Whitely, and he had thrown open the switches before
him that controlled the great generators, their throbbing
suddenly sounding behind us as they went into operation,
generating the force-vibrations that in a moment would
be released backward from our flier as mighty force-
rays. As Whitely moved the switches, the throb of the
generators died to a thin hum, then rose to a tremendous
drone, and then slowly sank to a smooth throbbing beat
at which he rested the switches. And now Marlin, be-
side me, was calling' out to us the divisions of the
specially-designed telescope’s field, as Neptune passetl
across them to the zero mark at which we would hurtle
outward.

• “—45—40—35—30—”

  As his steady voice sounded periodically beside me I
sat as though a poised statue, my hand upon that lever
among the six lever-switches before me that would send
the power of our throbbing generators stabbing out with
colossal force from the flier’s ray-opening behind us, that
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

113

would send that flier hurtling outward. “—25—20—
IS—As the calm voice of Marlin broke the silence
beside me I felt my heart racing with excitement, saw
that Randall, and even Whitely, beside me, had hunched
tensely forward as the moment approached. I glanced
out a moment through the flier’s windows, seeing in a
blurred impression the breathless, watching crowds, the
brilliant lights. “—10—5—zero l” And as that last
word sounded I threw open in one swift motion the lever-
switch in my grasp!

   The next instant there was a colossal roaring about us,
we seemed pressed down in our chairs with titanic,
crushing force, and saw crowds and lights and great
buildings vanishing from about our flier with lightning-
like swiftness as a great pale ray of light, of colossal
force, stabbed down and backward from the flier’s ray-
opening behind us!. In a split-second all about us was
blackness and then the great roaring sound about us had
ceased, marking our passage out past the limits of earth’s
atmosphere! Now through the windows before and
about us, as we clung there, we saw the heavens around
us brilliant with the fierce light of undimmed hosts of
stars, while as our great flier reeled on at mounting speed
into the great gulf, we saw behind and beneath us a great
gray cloudy ball that was each moment contracting in
size. Earth was receding and diminishing behind us as
we flashed out through the void toward distant Neptune,
to save that earth from doom!

CHAPTER IV
Through Planetary Perils

“ IT ARS ahead and to the left—we ought to pass

  |%/fl it in three more hours!”

  X T A At my words Marlin nodded. “We won't
Be bothered much by the pull of Mars,” he said.

  We sat again in our chairs before the control-panel,
Whitely to my left, gazing through the big window be-
fore us. Ahead and above and all around us there
stretched a great panorama, stunning in its brilliance, the
.vast panorama of the starry heavens as seen from the
airless interplanetary void. Blazing in their true bril-
liant colors on all sides of us, the hosts of stars were like
jewels of light set in the black firmament. And as our
flier throbbed on through the great gulf of empty space
at terrific speed, its acceleration still pressing us down
somewhat in our chairs, we could see now amid the flam-
ing stars dead ahead the far green spot of light that was
Neptune, our goal, visible now to our unaided eyes in the
clearness of empty space. Nearer toward us and to the
right Jupiter was like a brilliant little disk of white light,
now, the four white points of its greater moons visible
about it. To the left, too, yellow Saturn shone, much
brighter, while nearer toward us on the left, almost be-
side us, hung the dull-red little shield, white-capped at
its poles, that was Mars.

   Behind us, by this time, earth had dwindled to a steady
spot of bluish light that was like a tiny moon, the
smaller spot that was earth’s moon gleaming near it.
Hardly visible as earth was in the blinding glare of the*
great sun that beat upon us from behind, its great corona
and mighty prominences appalling in their splendor, yet it
was visible enough to show how far from it out into the
void our flier had already flashed. For forty-eight hours
indeed, our great space-flier had rushed outward at a

speed that had already reached over a million miles an
hour, and that was steadily mounting still beneath the
terrific reaction of our great force-ray, that great pale
ray only visible at its ray-opening source, that was stab-
bing back with colossal power and by the reaction of that
push sending us hurtling on at greater and greater speed.
Out and out we had flashed, Randall and I relieving each
other every four hours at the controls, and already now
had almost reached the orbit of Mars, more than fifty
million miles outward. Now, as Marlin and Whitely and
I gazed out toward it, the red disk of Mars itself was but
several million miles from us, to the left and ahead.

  Gazing toward it, we could see clearly the great ice
caps of the poles of Mars, brilliant white upon its dull
red sphere, and could see clearly also the long straight
markings upon it, a network of inter-connecting lines,
that for long had been the subject of discussion and dis-
putation among earth’s astronomers. It was with fasci-
nated eyes that we gazed toward the red planet as we
drew nearer to it, and now Randall had joined us, mov-
ing with great efforts against the acceleration-pressure
inside the flier. Marlin, though, had turned the telescope
by that time toward the crimson planet, was gazing
intently toward it. Minutes he gazed before he straight-
tened, shaking his head.

  “There can be no doubt that those canals—those lines
—are the work of intelligent creatures,” he said. “I saw
great geometrical forms that seemed structures of some
sort, but our space-flier is moving at such tremendous
speed that it’s all but impossible to get a clear focus on
the planet in the telescope.”

  We stared toward the red disk and its dark markings.
"If we could but stop there—who knows what wonders
Mars may hold, what science--,” 'Whitely mused.

  Marlin nodded thoughtfully. “Neptune’s our goal,
and we can’t stop for Mars now, whatever may be there.
But if we succeed in our great task, if earth is saved
from this doom that Neptune’s beings are loosing on the
solar system, we’ll come yet to Mars—and to all the
othe'rs.”

  “In the meantime,” I told them, “Mars is pulling our
flier out of its course more and more. I thought our
speed would take us by it, but it seems we’ll have to
use another ray.”

  For even as we had gazed toward the red planet, I
had noted from the dials before Randall that the gravita-
tional pull of Mars upon our space-flier from the left was
becoming more and more powerful as we approached it
to pass it, and that it was pulling us slowly toward it
out of our course toward Neptune. Our deviation to the
left was not great as yet, but even the slightest deviation
we could not permit, since not only must we head as
straight toward Neptune as possible to save time, but it
was necessary that we avoid also the colossal force-ray
which was stabbing from Neptune across the solar system
toward the sun’s edge, which was turning that sun ever
faster. That great force-ray, invisible to us, but lying
away to our left, we knew", would mean death for us if
we blundered into it, would drive our flier with titantic
force and speed straight into the sun!

  So that now, as our space-flier moved nearer and
nearer toward the distant red -shield of Mars, pulled
farther and farther out of its path toward Neptune, I
swiftly manipulated the ray-direction dials on the con-
trol-panel, then grasped and threw open another of the
six ray-opening switches. At once there leaped from
114

AMAZING STORIES

our racing flier’s side, from one of its ray-openings there,
a second great force-ray like that which stabbed from the
flier’s rear toward earth. This second ray, though,
vaguely visible like the first at its source, but fading into
invisibility in space, shot out toward the red sphere of
Mars, away to our left. And in a moment more, as that
light-swift ray reached Mars and pressed against the red
planet with all its force, our flier was being pushed away
from it, was being pushed back to the right, back into its
original line of flight! Thus we hurtled on, the great rear
ray of the flier pushing back with terrific force and send-
ing us hurtling on through space, while the side-ray,
striking Mars with lesser force, was sufficient to keep us
out of the red planet’s grip as we flashed onward.

  Within a few hours more Mars was behind us, its red
sphere fading rapidly into a crimson spot of light to the
left and behind. The planet’s two tiny moons, Phobos
and Deimos, we had not yet seen despite our nearness to
it, but it was with something of regret that we saw the
crimson world and all the strange mysteries that we felt
existed upon it, dropping behind us. Neptune alone, as
Marlin had said, was our goal, and on toward its calm
green light-dot we were rushing. I turned off our side-
ray, therefore, which was no longer needed to counter-
act Mars’s pull, and we gave all our attention to the pano-
rama ahead. Save for Neptune’s distant green dot, the
only planets now visible amid the brilliant hosts of stars
before us were Jupiter and Saturn. Saturn was shining
ever more brightly to the left, its strange ring-formation
already becoming visible to our eyes. But it was Jupiter
that now dominated all the scene before us, his mighty
sphere, its oblateness plainly visible, moving in majestic
white splendor at the center of his four great moons.

  It was not the planets ahead that held my attention
now, though, as our throbbing flier raced onward, Mars
and its orbit dropping behind. “The asteroids!” I ex-
claimed. “We’re almost into their region now—will be
among them soon!”

  “And they’re one of the greatest perils we’ll en-
counter,” Marlin said. “Hold ready to the controls,
Hunt, for if we crash into one it means our end—the
end of earth’s chance!”

I DID not need his admonition, though, to make me
tense my hands upon the control-switches, gazing
intently forward. I knew we were now passing into one
of the most dangerous regions of all the solar system—
that great belt of whirling asteroids that lies between
the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. More than a thousand
in number, ranging from the great sphere of Ceres,*480
miles in diameter, down to the smallest asteroids of a
few miles diameter only, they whirled there around the
sun between the four inner and four outer planets, their
orbits a maze of interwoven circles and ellipses. The
greater part of them were so small, indeed, that at the
tremendous speed with which our space-flier was flash-
ing on they could be seen only in the moment that we
rushed upon them. And yet in that moment we must
whirl aside from any before us, since otherwise, pulled
closer by the asteroid’s own gravitational power, we
would infallibly crash into it and meet our doom.

  Steadily, therefore, we watched now, as hour followed
hour, as our flier rushed on with speed still slowly mount-
ing, traveling finally at more than two million miles an
hour. The throb of its four great generators was as
steady as ever, and the pressure of its decreasing acceler-

ation still weighed upon us, but already we had become
accustomed to that pressure. So now while I gazed
forth with Marlin-ahead, Randall was at one of the
right windows and Whitely at one of the left, keeping a
similar watch. And it was Randall, a few hours later,
who sighted the first of the asteroids. He uttered a
swift exclamation, pointing to the right and ahead, and
as we looked there we saw a small bright point in the
blackness of space, a point that with the swiftness of
lightning was expanding into a great, dull-gleaming
sphere, rushing toward us and drawing our space-flier
toward itself! A moment we saw it rushing thus toward
us, a great sphere of barren, jagged rock, airless and
waterless, turning slowly in space; and then it was loom-
ing gigantic just beside us!

   In that moment, though, my hand had jerked open
 one of the six levers before me, and instantaneously had
 shot from our flier’s side a great force-ray toward that
 looming asteroid beside us. The next instant the aster-
 oid’s giant rock sphere seemed to flash away from us and
 disappear with immense speed, but in reality it was our
 flier that had been pushed away from the asteroid .with
 colossal force by the force-ray I had shot toward it!
 Instantly I snapped off that ray, the space-flier flashing
 on in its straight course as formerly. And as I did so
 Marlin turned for a moment from his watch at the win-
 dow toward me, gestured to the right toward the asteroid
 from which we had. so narrowly escaped. In the moment
 we had seen it, I had estimated that one to be a hundred
 miles or more in diameter.

   “That would be Vesta,” he said, “one of the largest.
 It’s the only one of that size in this part of their region
 now.”

   “Large or small, I want to see no more of them that
 close,” I said. “Especially when-”

  “Hunt!—look—to the left!”

   It was Whitely who had cried out to me, and as I
 whirled to gaze in the direction in which he pointed, I
 noticed another swift-expanding sphere of rock, another
 gleaming asteroid rushing obliquely toward us! Not as
 great in size as the first one, but it was approaching us
 with terrific speed, and even as I jerked open one of the
 switches before me, sent a force-ray stabbing from the
 flier toward the rushing asteroid, it seemed that that
 asteroid was touching us, its great rocky surface shutting
 out all the firmament as it towered there beside us! My
 ray, though, had been shot forth just in time, had whirled
 us aside from the onrushing monster’s path at the last
 moment, and as we reeled on, it too had vanished behind
 us. But now I had glimpsed two larger ones ahead and
 to the left, and was jerking the flier away from them
 also.

   Still we were racing onward, our great space-flier
 hurtling on and on through that asteroid-filled region, es-
 caping those great rushing spheres of death, sometimes
 by the narrowest of margins. Hour upon hour, keeping
 our sleepless watch at the flier’s windows, we flashed on,
 its colossal speed still mounting as more and more of
 our generators’ power was turned into the great rear
 force-ray that pressed back towards earth and that shot
 ‘ us outward. By that time earth had become but a bright
 white star behind us, the sun’s size and brilliance de-
 creased by a third or more already. But it was not back-
 ward we were gazing; it was ahead. We were striving
 with all our powers to avoid the asteroids that hurtled
 about us. We sa>v, once or twice, families or groups
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

115

 of those asteroids moving together, sometimes dozens to-
 gether, and strove to give these a wide berth. On we
 raced, veering now to this side and now to that, with
 Jupiter looming ever greater ahead and to the right as
 we approached the end of the asteroidal belt. But it was
 as we approached its end, at last, that our greatest peril
 came suddenly upon us. For I had shot the space-flier
 sidewise with terrific speed to avoid an onrushing small
 asteroid, and the next moment when it slowed its side-
 wise rush, found that I had unwittingly shot it into
 the very heart of a great family of full two-score of the
 little planets!

  All about us in that moment it seemed WS’re asteroids,
gleaming spheres at the very center of whose swarm
our flier flashed, and into which by some miracle our
sidewise rush had projected us, unharmed! I heard the
hoarse cries of Marlin and Randall beside me, in that
moment, the shout of Whitely, and knew that only an-
other miracle could ever take us out of that swarm un-
harmed. Already, in that split-second, three of them
were looming great to our right, another one ahead and to
the left, and to escape one was to crash upon another.
There was no time for thought, no time for aught save a
lightning-like decision, and in that fractional instant I
had made that decision, and as our flier hurtled through
the great swarm of asteroids, had shot out its great force-
rays to right and left and above and beneath us, driving
out in all directions from our flier as it flashed through
the great swarm!

   There was an instant in which the space-flier seemed to
be jerking and flashing in wild aimless flight amid that
swarm, as its striking force-rays pushed it now to one
side and now to another, away from the asteroids about
us. Were two of those rays to strike asteroids in oppo-
site directions, balancing each other, the space-flier, in-
stead of being pushed aside, would be crumpled to instant
annihilation between the push of the two great rays, I
knew, and we expected nothing but annihilation in that
mad moment as we shot on. But after reeling to right
and left with dizzy speed for a crazy instant, the aster-
oids of the swarm had vanished suddenly from about us
as we shot out of that swarm! We had escaped, had es-
caped a death that for the moment had seemed certain
to all of us, and that I had managed to evade by instinct
and luck rather than by reason.

  “Close enough—that!” I exclaimed as we raced for-
ward through the void on our straight course once more.
“If we meet many more swarms like that, our chances
of getting to Nepture are small!”

  Marlin shook his head. “We seemed gone that time,”
he admitted. “But I think we’re almost out of the
asteroidal region now—we should be crossing Jupiter’s
orbit in another twenty-four hours.”

  “The space-flier’s doing four million miles an hour
now,” I said, glancing over at the space-speed dial.
“We’re beginning to feel Jupiter’s pull a little already.”

   We were, indeed, already deviating a little to the right
from our straight course in answer to the gravitational
pull of the tremendous mass of Jupiter, looming ever
greater now ahead and to the right. We were to pass
it by some fifteen million miles, more than twice the dis-
tance at which we had passed Mars, but the colossal
planet, larger than all the other planets of the sun to-
gether, was already attracting us strongly despite our
terrific speed and momentum. For the time being,
though, we gave it but scant attention, concentrating our

attention, as we did, upon the watch for farther asteroids,
since we had not yet emerged from-their great belt be-
tween the orbits of Mars and Jupiter. Sleepy and weary
as we were from our hours upon the watch, we dared not
relax from that watch, and so Whitely and Marlin and
Randall still kept up their constant survey of the sur-
rounding void, while I held the flashing space-flier’s con-
trols, turning more and more of our generators’ power
into the great force-ray that was hurtling us on. We had
not dared to use the generators’ power too swiftly upon
our start, lest the too great acceleration kill us, despite
our shock-absorbing apparatus. But steadily our speed,
already colossal, was mounting, and we were racing on
through the gulf toward the distant green spot of light
that was Neptune.

/"AN and on in those hours we shot, until it seemed to
V./ me, seated there at the controls, that always we
had flashed thus through endless realms of tenantless
space. For now but a few asteroids were sighted by
our watching' eyes, and the eventlessness and strange
tension of our rush onward through space made it seem
like a strange flight in some unending dream. On and
on, with Marlin and Randall and Whitely watching cease-
lessly about me, on with the throbbing of our generators
beating in my ears in unhalting rhythm. Behind us
earth’s bright white star was steadily growing smaller,
but still our great force-ray, stabbing ceaselessly back
from our flier with colossal power, was sending us racing
on faster and faster with its huge reacting force. But
our start from earth, days, hours, before, the great mis-
sion upon which we were speeding outward to Neptune,
these things I had forgotten, almost, as the dream-like
quality of our onward flight gripped me.

  But as we raced still onward, as Jupiter’s mighty
sphere loomed greater and greater to the right ahead of
us, my bemused faculties were shaken into wakefulness
by the necessities of our situation. By that time we had
passed out of the dangerous asteroidal region, and with
their watch no longer necessary Whitely and Randall,
after preparing for us all a quick hot meal from the
thermos-cans in which all our food supplies were packed,
had taken to their bunks for some much-needed sleep.
Marlin sat beside me as we rushed on, his astronomical
preoccupation holding him to a contemplation of the
great planet, despite his own weariness. And weary
enough he was, and I too, since for almost forty-eight
hours we had been flashing through the perils of the
asteroidal belt. It was now the beginning of the fifth day
since our start from earth, and already for a hundred
hours we had been flashing at tremendous and mounting
speed through the airless void. Like Marlin, though, I
forgot my weariness in the spectacle of giant Jupiter, to
the right and ahead.

  For it was a spectacle of magnificence, indeed. Swing-
ing like a giant disk of soft white light in the blackness
of space to our right, Jupiter spun amid its four greater
moons, the smaller moons being of diameter too small to
be seen with unaided eyes even thus close. But of the
giant sphere of Jupiter, of that great sphere’s surface,
nothing was to be seen. For all the mighty planet’s sur-
face was covered by the colossal masses of great clouds
that enclosed it, floating in its dense atHiosphere and en-
circling it in great belts, the mighty cloud-belts that for
long have been to astronomers the most characteristic
feature of Jupiter’s surface. So that, though Marlin
116

AMAZING STORIES

II

    There was an instant in which the
    space-flier seemed to be jerking and
    flashing in wild aimless flight amid
    that swarm, as its striking force-rays
    pushed it now to one side and now to
    another, away from the asteroids
    about us.

 with the aid of the telescope, sought to gain a glance
 'through some opening in the clouds at the great
 planet’s surface, he failed in the attempt.

   In a moment, however, he concentrated his attention
 upon the one visible feature upon the mighty world’s
 surface, the great red spot that we could plainly see
 now as a pink area beneath the shrouding clouds, in
 the planet’s southern hemisphere. At sight of it,
 Marlin had prepared and trained his spectroscope
 upon it, but after observations of a few moments he
 raised his head, perplexed. He glanced about him
 for a moment, then seized the bolometer, which by
 virtue of its new “shielded” principle was able to
 record accurately the amount of heat radiating from
 any one point of a planet of star, as well as from the
 whqle planet or star. But upon checking its reading
 for a moment, after turning it toward the pink area
 of the great red spot, Marlin straightened from it
 also, shaking his head.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

117

   “It’s strange, Hunt,” he said, turning toward me. “It’s
always been believed that the great red spot is .a part of
Jupiter’s surface still molten and flaming, but the spectro-
scope and bolometer show that it can’t be.”

  “Strange enough,” I admitted, gazing myself toward
that glowing pink area on the mighty planet. “If we
could but stop and explore the planet—but we must keep
on toward Neptune.”

  “We must keep on,” Margin repeated, “but some day
it-may be, if we can save the solar system from the doom
that hangs over it now, we’ll come back here to Jupiter,
will see for ourselves its surface.”
v By this time the great planet was-almost directly to
our right, its giant cloudy white sphere seeming to fill
all space, despite the fact that it was more than fifteen
million miles froni us, and its four big, greater moons re-
volving about it. Hours before I had shot a force-ray
toward the great planet from our flier’s side, to counter-
act'its growing pull upon us, but now as we came level
with it, were passing it, that pull upon us was so enor-
mous that it was only with a force-ray of immense power
that’ I was managing to keep the space-flier from being
drawn inward. Passing thus close, Jupiter’s stupendous
cloud-belted sphere was an awe-inspiring sight, whirling
at immense speed also, since the great planet, more than
a thousand times greater than earth, rotates upon its
axis at hardly more than a third of earth’s rotatory
period or day, its day being less than ten hours. And
passing it thus, too, the great red spot upon its lower half
was an even greater enigma, for that gigantic pink oval
was, we knew, fully thirty thousand miles in length,
greater by far than all our earth.

  It-\vas with awe that Marlin and I, and Whitely and
Randall who had awakened now to relieve us, stared
toward the gigantic monarch of the sun’s planets as it
dropped slowly behind on our right. A side-ray of colos-
sal power it had taken, indeed, to hold us out from the
gffcat world’s pull, and only slowly could we decrease
that ray’s power as we moved farther out from it. But
now at well over four million miles an hour, we were
flashing out beyond Jupiter’s orbit, and ahead there was
gleaming brighter to the left the yellow spot of light
that was Saturn, the last planet that we must yet pass
before reaching Neptune, since Uranus was in conjunc-
tion in regard to Neptune, being far on the other side of
the solar system from us. And as Randall now took my
place at the controls, I pointed toward the little yellow-
glowing, ring-circled disk of Saturn ahead and to the
left.

  “Keep the flier heading straight toward Neptune,
Randall,” I told him. “We’re going to pass Saturn un-
comfortably close as it is, and we don’t want to take any
chances with it.”

  Randall nodded, his gaze shifting from the steady
green spark of Neptune far ahead to the growing yellow
disk of Saturn. “I’ll try to keep her straight,” he said,
grinning, “though I’m beginning to wish that, if there’s
to be trouble, it had come back on Mars or Jupiter.”

   I smiled a little as I swung back from the control-panel
along the flier’s inside wall. I went from handhold to
handhold with the pressure of its acceleration still upon
me, until I had thrown myself into my metal bunk to
fall almost instantly asleep, and to dream nightmare
dreams of rushing on through endless space toward a
goal that ever receded from us. And in the hours that
followed, in the next three days that our space-flier shot

-	on -and on with Saturn growing ever- greater ahead, the
nightmare quality of my experience-persisted. It seemed
impossible, at times,, that we four were in reality doing
that which men had never done before; that we were
flinging ourselves out into the great, void, out through the
solar system toward the planet that was its last outpost.
We were watching and eating and sleeping, indeed, like
men in a dream, so strange and utterly unreal seemed to
us this unending rush through unending space.

BUT though we slept, and ate, and watched at the
control-panel like men in a dream, there were times
in those hours when realization of our position, of oitr
great mission, came sharply hopie to us. Those were the
times that Marlin trained his'instruments upon the-sun,
which had by then dwindled to a tiny blazing disk behind
us. And with those instruments Marlin found that the sun
was still .spinning ever faster and .faster, its rotator pe-
riod decreasing still by the same amount each day, its day
of division and doom steadily approaching. And with his
own recorders Whitely found that the colossal force-ray
from Neptune still was stabbing toward the syn, still
turning it faster and faster toward its doom and that of
its universe. That great force-ray, we found, was stab-
bing toward the sun on a line between our flier’s course
and Saturn, but was on a somewhat higher level, so that
in reality the great ray did not lie between our flier and
Saturn but above both.	.

  The consciousness we had of that great ray’s existence
and the knowledge we had of the doom it was loosing
upon the peoples of our world served to prevent the
dream-like lassitude of our conditions from overpower-
ing us, and we were further awakened by- the' swift ex-
pansion of Saturn, ahead, as our flier neared it. For by
then the great faceted ball of our flier was hurtling on
through the void at five million miles' an,, hour, slowly
approaching the limits of its speed as our mighty rear
force-ray drove us forward with tremendous power.
And at that speed, in the next three days, Saturn loomed
larger and larger ahead, until we saw at last that upon
the fourth day’s beginning we would pa;ss the mighty
planet. And at that our interest rose to excitement, be-
cause we would pass closer by Saturn than any of the
planets in our straight flight out to Neptune, passing it
indeed by no more than \ a million miles. So that as the
last hours of those three days passed, we observed the
big, yellow-glowing disk of Saturn ahead with intense
interest.

  And a strange sight indeed was great Saturn as it
loomed greater before us and to the left, for strangest of
all the suns planets to the eye is this one. Greatest of
all the planets- save for mighty Jupiter, its huge sphere
seemed even greater than Jupiter by reason of the colos-
sal rings that encircled it, and by its nine greater moons
that revolved about it. A solar system in itself seemed
Saturn, indeed, its huge rings tilted somewhat, thoSe
great rings themselves tens of thousands of miles in width
and thousands of miles from the planet then encircled.
We could see, as we drew nearer toward the great planet,
that those rings were in fact what had long been known
by earth’s astronomers—gigantic flat swarms of meteo-
rites and meteoric material revolving about the great
planet at immense speed. Of the surface of Saturn,
though, no more could be seen than of that of Jupiter,
since like Jupiter the great planet was wreathed in colos-
sal cloud belts.
118

AMAZING STORIES

  Marlin shook his head as he gazed toward the great ring-
girdled planet, almost filling the heavens beside us. “It
is well for us that Saturn is not our goal,” he said.
“Those titanic meteoric masses that are the rings—to
blunder into them would mean instant annihilation.”

  Whitely nodded. “As it is,” he said, “there must be
many meteors in this region about Saturn—many that
have broken loose from the rings or are flying toward
those rings."

  “Let’s hope that you’re wrong on that, at least,” I told
him. “We’ll soon be passing within a million miles of
those rings, and I want to meet no meteorites—not after
our experience with the asteroids.”

 By then, indeed, we had drawn almost level with
Saturn, its huge sphere and colossal rings almost directly
to the left, the edge of those rings, but a half hundred
miles or less in thickness, being a scant million miles or
more from our racing space-flier. The great maze of the
planet’s nine greater moons seemed crowded now upon
its other side from us, Titan, largest of those moons
shining brilliantly as a small white disk near the huge
yellow bulk of Saturn and its colossal rings. Before then
indeed, I had been forced to shoot out from the flier’s side
a force-ray toward Saturn, to counteract the great
planet’s pull upon us, but though if loomed beside us now
almost as immense as great Jupiter itself', its recorded
pull upon us was many times less. This was due, I knew,
to the comparatively small mass of Saturn, since though
of immense size and possessing a vast atmosphere, it is
known to be the least dense of all the planets, being of
less than 0.7 the density of water.

  .Even so, however, it was requiring a force-ray of
great power to hold our rushing flier out from the huge
planet. Though lesser than Jupiter’s, its pull upon us
was great, nevertheless. And now that we were passing
the huge world so closely, it seemed to us with its vast
rings and great family of whirling moons to be of uni-
verse-size itself, so mighty did it loom beside us. The
great rings, of small thickness compared to their huge
width and circle, were edge-on to us now, a million miles
to the left, and we could see that they were in reality but
vast swarms of countless meteors, great and small, whirl-
ing at great speed about Saturn and forming by their divi-
sion three rings, the innermost a darker one. Yet despite
their strange appearance and colossal size, it was not the
great rings that held our interest so much in that moment
as the cloud-hidden surface of Saturn itself. For even
as in passing Mars and Jupiter, we were gripped with
desire to veer in toward the planet and explore the
strange wonders that might exist upon it, or upon its
greater moons. But none suggested that thought now.
All four of us knew that only the growing green spot of
light, that was distant Neptune ahead, must be our goal.

AS the flier raced on, almost passing the huge planet

•	now, Randall uttered a swift exclamation,.pointing
ahead and to the left a little. At the same moment,
though, I had seen the thing that had caught his eye—a
small dark point growing with lightning swiftness as it
rushed toward us; a great dark meteor, perhaps five
hundred feet in diameter, rushing toward our flier, whirl-
ing far out from .Saturn’s rings in the same direction as
those rings! Instantly, upon seeing it, I had turned more
power into the ray that held us out from Saturn, and as
we were pushed sidewise in the next moment by that in-
creased power, the big meteor had flashed past us far to

the left! And a moment later, I had caught sight of two
similar meteors, one smaller than the other, rushing
toward us in the same direction from ahead. But these
I had seen soon enough to avoid collision.

  It was evident that, as Whitely had suggested, we were
encountering some of the stray meteors that might be ex-
pected to whirl here far out from the meteor-swarms 4o.f
the great rings. And as we watched tensely now for
more meteors, it was with something of awe that we.
gazed toward the huge rings, that we knew to be rushing
swarms of countless similar jmeteors. It was well, as
Marlin had said, that we were not called upon to pene-
trate through or- around those great rings, since in their
awful whirling swarms of meteors no craft would be
able to live even for a moment. But our space-flier was
passing the midmost point of those rings; already huge
Saturn was beginning to drop a little behind us; and we
breathed more freely. And, ironically enough, it was at
that very moment of our relief that catastrophe came
upon us. There was a wild shout from. Marlin, and
simultaneously I saw a huge round dark mass looming
dead ahead and whirling toward us. Just as I snapped
open the control-levers, that great dark meteor’s mass-had
struck our onrushing flier with a tremendous stunning
shock!

  For an instant, as the flier reeled and spun there crazily
in the gulf'of space, it seemed the end to me, but in a
moment more I realized that the great faceted walls had
not been penetrated, for the air in the flier was un-
changed. Had those walls been pierced, the result would
have been the instant freezing to death of all of us.
But that death had not as yet come upon us, and as I
struggled forward in my chair I saw that the space-
flier was still whirling crazily around from the shock
and that the throbbing of its great generators had ceased.
Beside me Marlin and Whitely and Randall were com-
ing back to realization of their surroundings after that
colossal shock, Whitely bearing a nasty cut upon his
temple. And as Marlin sprang to the flier's side-window,
gazed obliquely from it, he uttered an exclamation.

  “That meteor just grazed us!” he exclaimed. “If you
hadn’t jerked the controls over at the last moment, Hunt,
it would have hit us head-on! As it is, it smashed through
the flier’s outer wall, but didn’t pierce the inner wall w

  “But the generators!” cried Whitely, who had been
fumbling at their switches. “They’ve stopped! When
the meteor crashed through the outer wall it must have
broken some of our generator-coniiections between the
two walls!”

  “And the flier’s falling!” I cried in turn. “It’s falling
toward Saturn now, with its force-rays dead—we’re
falling into the great rings!”

  For as I glanced outward I had seen that was what
was happening. The halting of the generators by the
breaking of their connections between the flier’s double
walls had halted also the force-rays that had been push-
ing us out toward Neptune and that bad-been holding
us out from Saturn’s pull. With the halting of those fays
the pull of the mighty planet had at once gripped our
space-flier and now we were moving at swiftly-accelerat-
ing speed toward that planet’s mighty bulk, toward the
great rings but a million miles to our left! Were falling
helplessly, faster and faster each moment, toward those
mighty rings, toward their vast swarms of whirling
meteors in which our space-flier and all within it could
meet only an annihilating death!
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS	' 119

CHAPTER V
At the Solar System’s Edge

“UT of the flier!” Marlin cried to us. “Our one
I 1 chance is to get out and repair those broken
connections from the outside.”

  “But how-” Randall began, when the astronomer

broke in on him. “The space-walkers! In them we can.
get outside, can try to repair those connections before we
fall into the great rings !”

  A moment we stared toward him in sheer surprise, and
then as one we were leaping toward the four big space-
walkers, suspended from the flier’s wall. For though we
had not dreamed, in taking them with us, of any such
emergency as now confronted us, we saw that, even as
Marlin had said, our one chance to escape the annihila-
tion that soon would be ours otherwise lay in their use.
Swiftly, therefore, we unhooked the great cylindrical
space-walkers, neither they nor aught else in the flier
having any but small weight now, that weight being
the result of the pull of great Saturn, toward which we
were falling. Quickly swinging open the section near,
the cylinder’s base that was its door, therefore, I pulled
myself up into the cylinder, then closed its hermetically-
sealing door with the small inside lever provided for the
purpose.

  I was standing, therefore, in a metal cylinder seven
feet in height and three in diameter, its top tapering
into a rounded little dome in which were small windows
from which I could look outward. My arms I had thrust
into the great hollow jointed arms of metal that projected
from the cylinder’s sides, and had at my fingers’ ends
inside those arms the controls of the great pincer-hands
in which those arms ended outside, and the control also
of the small generator inside the cylinder whose little
force-ray was shot down from the cylinder’s bottom.
This could be shot straight down, sending the space-
walker upward by pushing against some larger body*
or could be shot out obliquely sending the space-walker
horizontally in any direction. Once inside the space-
walker therefore, with its tiny generator throbbing and
the equally small air-renovator and heater functioning,
I was ready to venture out into the airless void.

  Glancing out through the vision-windows I saw that
Marlin and Whitely and Randall had struggled into their
space-walkers also, and were signalling their readiness.
We grasped therefore the tools and materials we had
hastily assembled for our task, these being spare plates
to repair the flier’s outer wall and a small molecular-
diffusion welder, and then with those in the grasp of
our great pincer-hands were pulling ourselves toward
the flier’s screw-door. In a moment we had that open,
and were crowding into the little vestibule-chamber which
lay between the outer and inner doors. Closing the inner
one tightly behind us, we swiftly screwed open the outer
door. As it opened there was a rush of air from about
us as the air of the little vestibule-chamber rushed out
into the great airless void outside, and then Marlin was
leading the way out of that door, out into sheer space,
outside our falling space-flier!

  I saw Marlin drawing himself in his space-walker
through the door and then floating gently out that door,
floating in space a few feet from our flier and falling at
the same rate as it toward mighty Saturn! In a moment
more I was following him, Whitely and Randall behind

me, and as I too propelled myself with a slight push
through the door, my cylindrical space-walker floated
outward. I found myself, therefore, cased within that
space-walker’s cylinder, and floating in it in the sheer
empty void of interplanetary space! Beside me was the
great gleaming .faceted ball of our flier, falling at the
same rate as ourselves toward the huge rings of mighty
Saturn, to the left. Beneath and before and on all other
sides of me, though, was only space, the tremendous gulf,
gleaming with the great hosts of stars on all sides, with
the sun’s brilliant little disk shining far behind us. For
the moment our position was so strange, so utterly alien
and unprecedented, as we four floated there beside the
falling space-flier in our four great metal cylinders, that
we could only gaze about us in sheer awe and wonder.
Then Marlin, with one of the great metal jointed arms of
his space-walker, motioned to us and toward the flier,
and we realized that we had but little time left in which
to accomplish the task now before us.

  For with every moment the flier and our four space-
walkers were falling at greater speed toward the colossal
rings of huge. Saturn, to the left, and the whirling titanic
meteor-swarms of those rings were growing larger and
larger. But a few hours remained before, with the grow-
ing acceleration of our free-falling flier, it would be
meeting its end in those clashing, crashing meteors of
the great swarm, so that if we were to repair the damage
to it, and get its generators functioning again before it
met its doom, we must work fast. Our four space-
walkers were falling toward Saturn at the same rate as
the great flier beside us, so that we hung just beside
that flier in space without need to use the propelling
force-rays of our four cylinders. And now Marlin,
grasping with his great metal pincer hands one of the
projecting joints of the flier’s great faceted walls, was
pulling himself around it even as he fell with it through
space, was pulling himself around to its other side, where
the meteor that had struck us a glancing blow had done
its damage.

  In a moment Whitely and Randall and I had followed,
moving clumsily in our great cylinders as we fell with the
flier on toward Saturn’s rings, and as we reached the
other side where Marlin was hovering now in his space-
walker we saw that the meteor that had grazed us had
demolished two of the great facets of the flier’s outer
wall, and had shattered and crumpled a third. Save for a
slight denting, though, the inner wall seemed unharmed,
a fact that alone had saved us, but the black cable-
connections between the walls were broken in a half-
score places, we saw. It was that severing of the connec-
tions that had halted our great generators, we knew,, so
now our first task was to repair those connections, and
it was upon that task that we began at once to work.
Surely never had men worked under stranger circum-
stances than those, was my thought as we began the work
of re-matching the severed connections. For we four,
cased in our four great cylindrical metal space-walkers,
were falling through space at a tremendous and ever-
increasing rate, even as we worked upon our great flier
falling with us, we were falling through -the mighty void
toward the whirling rings of Saturn, looming immense
in space beside us. It meant annihilation for us, if we
could not complete our repairs in time to escape them!

  And as we toiled there at the connections, it seemed
to me that never could we complete them in time to escape
the great rings. For not only were there a half-score
120

AMAZING STORIES

breaks in the intricate cables, but each cable held within
itself a dozen smaller connections or strands that in each
break must be exactly rematched. And working as we were
with the great pincer-claws of the space-walker our prog-
ress was terribly slow. Minutes passed into an hour and
another hour, as we labored furiously there outside the
flier with those connections, and by then it seemed to us
that the colossal rings of Saturn, a huge whirling storm of
meteors, were but a few minutes from us, so vastly did
they loom before us, and so swiftly were we and our flier
falling. With the energy of utter despair we labored on
there at the seemingly endless task of rejoining the in-
tricate connections, our tools and materials that we were
not using at the moment being simply released by us be-
side us, since they fell with us and our flier at the same
rate toward Saturn and thus were within our grasp, our
tools floated there beside us!

NOW we were approaching the last of the connec-
tions, but now too we saw that it was only a
matter of minutes before our space-flier and we would
be whirling into the edge of the mighty rings of Saturn,
that loomed now gigantic in their spinning meteor-masses
before us! Already meteors were driving about us in
space more thickly, and only by a miracle had our
lielplessly-falling flier escaped them so far. It seemed
impossible that we could complete our task before the
flier and ourselves were shot into the crashing death of
those colossal whirling meteor - swarms, but we were
working with the mad energy of a forlorn hope, and
now too Marlin was leaning toward us with his space-
walker to shout something to us. For when one space-
walker touched another, their two occupants could hear
each other’s shouts, the sound-vibrations. carried through
the touching metal sides. Marlin was crying to us that
but minutes were left us, and was ordering Randall to
return back inside the flier and stand ready there to shoot
it away from the great-looming rings the instant that the
connections were repaired!

  In a moment Randall had obeyed, pulling himself
around the falling flier to its door and inside, white
Marlin and WHitely and I worked tensely upon the last
of the connections, matching and joining them with the
greatest speed of which we were capable. Now it seemed
that greater meteors were all about us, and now the huger,
denser masses of the mighty rings were towering vastly
beside us, as at plummet-like speed our flier and our-
selves whirled toward them and toward death! Hanging
there in sheer space at the falling flier’s side, working
madly upon those last connections, with all about us the
glittering hosts of the stars and with beside us the titanic
bulk of great Saturn and its colossal rings, we seemed
caught in some unreal and torturing nightmare. Then as
the huge meteor-masses of the mighty rings loomed just
beside us, as I reached with the pincer-hands of my space-
walker toward the last of the connections, I heard from
Marlin in the space-walker touching mine a hoarse cry of
despair. But at that last moment my claw-hands were
swiftly joining the last connection and in the next instant
came the steady throbbing of the great generators inside
the flier! In that instant we had grasped our tools with
one metal arm and with the other each of us had gripped
the edge of the flier’s shattered outer wall. And then,
just as the flier and ourselves seemed hurtling straight
into the mighty wall of whirling meteors that was the
great rings beside us, the space-flier, with us three hang-

ing desperately to it, was hurtling away from those rings
as its great force-ray shot from inside toward them, was
flashing at terrific mounting speed out from them into
space!

  For an instant, so terrific was the accelerating speed of
the flier beneath Randall's control inside, that we three,
hanging to the broken outer wall in our sp^ce-walkers,
seemed on the point of being torn away from our grip
on it, of falling back to Saturn once more. But in a
moment more, with a great distance already between
the flier and the huge rings that had almost been our
doom, Randall had halted it, was holding it motionless
in space by means of a steady force-ray. Then we were
swiftly repairing the break in its outer wall, by means
of the plates and tools to which we had clung, setting
those great plates in place to replace the three shattered
ones, and then welding them swiftly into the flier’s outer
wall integrally by means of the molecular-diffusion in-
strument. That done we pulled ourselves around the
flier’s faceted surface to its outer door, opening that
door and closing it again once inside the vestibule-
chamber. Then as Marlin touched a stud the vestibule-
chamber was filling with air, and in another moment we
were inside the flier once more,' were pulling ourselves
out of the great space-walkers, with Randall already out
of his and at the controls.

  “That was almost our trip’s end!” cried Marlin as
he emerged from his space-walker. “Another few min-
utes and we’d have been inside the rings—would have
been pounded into instant annihilation by the meteors
there!”

  I passed a hand over my brow. “Never again do I
want to find myself in a situation like that,” I said. “As
it was, it was the space-walkers alone that saved us.”

  Marlin nodded, gazing out toward great Saturn loom-
ing gigantic still to our left. “If ever we come back,”
he said, "if ever we try to reach Saturn and explore It
as we may some day, we’ll have our work cut out for us.
Those mighty meteor-masses—those rings-”

  “Well, at present the farther we get from Saturn the
better I’ll feel,” Whitely told us. “And I’m glad enough
that there’s no other planet between us and Neptune, at
least, for Uranus is far way.”

  Now, recovering from the first shakiness of.the re-
action from our awful peril, we turned with R'andall to
the consideration of our position. Our great ray that
had shot back from the flier, and had pushed us by its
force out through the solar system, had been snapped
out by the halting of the generators, and we had now only
the side-ray that was holding us out from Saturn. I sug-
gested, therefore, that for the remainder of our trip out
to Neptune we turn the space-flier’s rear force-ray
upon Saturn instead of earth, since earth by now had
dwindled to a small bluish-white star far behind. To train
our rear force-ray upon earth and to adjust the mechan-
ism that kept the ray trained automatically afterwards
upon the object suggested, would take more time thanjf
we were simply to push the rear force-ray against great
Saturn.

  Marlin approved the suggestion, so after sending the
flier out farther from Saturn and ahead of it by oblique
applications of the side-ray, we held it carefully in space
until it was headed toward the far green spot of Neptune,
and then turned on the rear force-ray with half its full
power at the start. At once, with terrific acceleration, we
were flashing on toward Neptune, the giant power of the
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

121

ray pushing against Saturn and driving our flier ever out-
ward. So tremendous was that acceleration, indeed, that
despite the shock-absorbing apparatus of our chairs we
came near to being overcome by the awful pressure upon
us. Yet it was necessary that we use the highest possible
speed and acceleration, now, for our former speed and
acceleration had been completely lost when the halting of
the generators had allowed Saturn to pull us inward.
And though we were now flashing out past Saturn’s orbit,
with only the orbit of'Uranus between us and our goal of
Neptune, we had still two-thirds of our journey before
usl So colossal are the distances between the great outer
planets, distances beside which the gaps between Mars
and earth and Venus and Mercury seem tiny.

  With the utmost acceleration of speed that we could
stand, though, our space-flier was now hurtling-outward,
its great force-ray pushing against Saturn with more
and more power and sending us flashing forward with
greater and greater velocity. In the next dozen hours of
our flight we had reached again to the speed of five mil-
lion miles an hour that had been ours before we had met
with our misadventure at Saturn. And as we hurtled on
Neptune was slowly largening before our eyes, its dis-
tant, tiny little spot of calm green light becoming bigger,
brighter, though very slowly. But the eyes of Marlin
and Whitely and Randall and myself were always upon
that green light-spot as we hurtled on, hour following
hour and day following day in our eventless onward flight
through the solar system’s outer immensities of space.
And still our speed was steadily growing until at last, by
thejime we approached Uranus’ orbit, we were flying
through the great void at the space-flier’s utmost velocity,
more than eight million miles an hour.

  That was a speed colossal, yet so accustomed had we
four become to the space-flier’s tremendous velocities
that it seemed not unusual to us. Flashing through the
void as we were, the only objects by which one could
measure speed were the planets before and behind us,
and these changed in size so slowly as to make our speed
seem small. The greatest change to us in the attaining
of the space-flier’s immense utmost speed was the change
of conditions inside the flier itself. Formerly the pres-
sure of our constant acceleration had replaced to some
degree the effects of gravitation, that pressure forcing us
always towards the flier’s rear, as we turned more and
more power into our giant pushing ray, as we shot out
with greater and greater speed. But now, with our utmost
speed attained and that acceleration’s pressure missing,
we floated inside the flier as though entirely weightless,
being attracted only very slightly toward the walls by
the slight gravitational attraction of the flier’s mass itself.
So that now the straps across chairs and bunks and the
handholds here and there on the walls that we had pro-
vided proved indispensable to us, indeed.

IT was upon the fifteenth day after our start from
earth, the first day of- July as I noted by earth-
reckoning, that we crossed the orbit of Uranus. As we
approached that orbit, only our recording distance-dials,
of course, marking the fact that we were nearing the path
of Uranus, I stood or rather floated with Marlin and
Whitely at the flier’s rear windows, gazing backward.
Behind us gleamed in the star-swept heavens the planets
past which we had come, and those others beyond them.
Great Saturn with his vast rings that had almost been
our deaths was already dwindling fast, as our flier shot

out from it with its force-ray pressing with ceaseless
power against it. Already the huge ringed planet was but
a tiny yellow disk of light to our eyes, so far out from
it we were.

  To the left, too, shone the white star of giant Jupiter,
small but intensely brilliant still, while farther distant and
infinitely fainter was the red spark that was Mars. Our
eyes shifted from these to the bluish light-point that was
earth, and then beyond it to the little disk of brilliant
fire that was the sun, its light and heat reaching us now
in the smallest of quantities as we fled on into the chill
immensities of the outer reaches of the solar system.
There close beside that fiery little sun-disk we could also
make out the silvery little light-point that was Venus,
and by making use of a small hand-glasS could also
discern closer even beside the sun the tiny point of rosy
light that we knew to be Mercury, smallest and inmost
of all the planets. But as we watched there, as our space-
flier hurtled on at unvarying, colossal speed over the
orbit of Uranus, it was toward Uranus itself we were
gazing. Far back from us on the solar system’s other
side hung the green spot of light that was Uranus, boom-
ing onward in its vast path around the sun, but though
we watched steadily through the hand-glass toward it
we were unable to make out the four small moons that
accompany the great green planet, which shone with a
deeper green even than the greenish spot of Neptune,
ahead.

 “Uranus—Venus—Mercury-,” said Marlin, as he

gazed musingly backward. “Those three we have not
passed, yet they’re no greater mysteries to us than those
that we have passed. But some day-”

  “Some day-I repeated, staring back, lost in

thought myself, not completing, any more than Marlin,
the thought that I had started to express.

  Nor did I need to complete it, for as Marlin and
Whitely and I stared back to where the sun’s disk sent
its light bravely out across the unthinkable reaches of
space that separated us from it, our thoughts were all
on those three planets, on Uranus and Venus and Mer-
cury, and on those others, Mars and Jupiter and Saturn,
that we had passed. What wonders, unknown to us,
might not exist upon any of those worlds? But they were
wonders barred to us for the time, since time was the one
thing of which we had the least, in our great rush out-
ward to the sun’s outermost planet, in our desperate race
outward to attempt to save our own earth from the doom
that hovered over it. For still that doom cast its shadow-
ing wing darkly over earth, still Whitely’s instruments
informed us that the giant force-ray from Neptune was
stabbing back toward the sun, turning the sun ever faster
at the same remorseless rate. So that it was toward Nep-
tune, after minutes, that we turned, taking our places in
our chairs beside Randall, at the controls, and gazing
with him toward the planet far ahead that was our goal.

  And now that we had crossed the orbit of Uranus,
some two-thirds of our colossal journey’s length lay
behind us, and Neptune was becoming ever brighter
ahead, its pale green spot of light having become almost
as brilliant to our eyes as Saturn, behind us. As we
viewed it through our telescope, too, we could make out
the tiny light-poiht of Triton, the single moon of Nep-
tune. Somewhat larger than our own moon was Triton,
we knew, and we could see through our glass what had
long been known by earth’s astronomers, that this single
moon of Neptune’s revolved about it in a plane sharply
122

AMAZING

STORIES

slanted or inclined to the plane of Neptune’s equator, to
the general plane of the ecliptic or solar system. And
close indeed seemed the light-point of this single moon
to Neptune, since we knew that it was at almost the same
distance from the great planet as our own moon is from
earth.

  It was toward Neptune and its little moon that our
eyes turned now and in the hours and days that fol-
lowed, while gradually our excitement became tense as
the great planet loomed ahead of us. Soon it had be-
come a perceptible pale green disk, widening out as we
shot on and on toward it. We would reach it, we cal-
culated, upon the twenty-first day of our journey,
twenty-one days after starting from earth. An eternity
it seemed, that period of three weeks, such vast realms
of space we had come through, such tremendous perils
we had dared and passed. But now all those" perils
and worlds we had passed, Mars and the deadly asteroi-
dal belt, great Jupiter and Saturn ^and the doom that
had almost been ours there, all these things faded from
our minds as we found ourselves with our thoughts con-
centrated wholly upon the far planet that from the
first had been our goal, that planet which we must
reach if earth was to be saved. For ever, ever, the
great force-ray of Neptune was turning the sun faster,
and now less than a hundred days remained before
that turning sun would be no longer able to hold together,
would be dividing and releasing fiery doom upon earth
and almost all its other planets.

  What was awaiting us at Neptune? That was the
question that was foremost in all our minds as we shot
on in those last tense days. What manner of beings
there would they be who, we had assumed, were stab-
bing this ray of doom toward the sun? What manner
of beings could they be who could exist at all, if exist
they did, upon such a planet as Neptune, a planet moving
about the sun at the unthinkable distance of almost
three billion miles? Upon a planet that could receive
but a minute fraction only of the sun’s light and heat
compared to that received on earth? Upon a planet
which astronomers had always believed to be of far
lesser density than earth, of a density little more than
that of liquids rather than of solids. Was it possible
that upon this farthest of all the sun’s circling worlds
there could exist life of any kind, not to speak of life
intelligent enough to stab across the solar system and
spin the sun itself faster to its division and its uni-
verse’s doom?

THOSE were the questions that throbbed through
our brains now as our hurtling space-flier shot
on and on, Neptune growing with each hour before us.
By the nineteenth day its disk had expanded to such
a degree that we were able to discern upon it the cloud-
belts that had already long been seen upon it by earth’s
astronomers. By the twentieth those great vapor-belts
were plainly perceptible, and also Triton, its moon, had
become visible to our unaided eyes, revolving close about
the great planet in its sharp-slanted plane, being now
behind the planet but so much above it as to be com-
pletely' visible to us. By the twentieth, too, the sun
behind us had become hardly more than a super-bril-
liant star, its tiny fiery disk bathing us still with a cer-
tain amount of light, although long before this we
had ceased to rely upon its heat on our flier’s sunward
side and had had recourse to our own -heating-mechanism.

By this time too, of all the planets, only Jupiter and
Saturn were visible behind us; the rest were invisible
to us at the colossal distances which now separated us
from them.

  It was not behind but ahead, though, that we were
gazing, as our space-flier flashed over the last portion
of its great trip, as Neptune apparently grew in size be-
fore us. Seated in my control-chair, with Whitely and
Marlin and Randall in their chairs beside me, I watched
the mighty planet fascinated, as we hurtled on toward it
in the early hours of the twenty-first day, that day
that we had calculated would bring us to our goal.
And truly, now, Neptune was looming in something of
its true greatness before us. Only a tiny point of
light in a telescope on earth, hardly more than that on
the long days of our journey outward, we saw it now
in some size and splendor, a huge cloud-belted world as
large almost exactly as Uranus, outrivaled in the solar
system only by it and by the two giants of Jupiter
and Saturn. Over sixty times larger than our own earth
it was, a huge world spinning far out here at the solar
system’s very edge, the last outpost of that solar sys-
tem with beyond it only the awful emptiness of inter-
stellar space.

  Silently we gazed toward its great, green disk, its
small gleaming moon, as our space-flier throbbed on
toward it. Whitely, as usual, was checking from time
to time the performance of the never-ceasing genera-
tors whose great force-ray, pressing against Saturn still,
was hurling us forward. Randall was gazing forward
with me, helping me now and then to ascertain from our
speed and distance dials our distance from the great
planet. Marlin had applied himself to the telescope, was
gazing ahead through it toward the big world’s cloud-
wreathed surface, touching a focusing wheel now and
then. For minutes we throbbed on thus, the beat of the
generators the only sound in the hurtling space-flier’s
interior, but at last Marlin drew back from the telescope’s
eyepiece and frowned as he gazed toward the great green
planet ahead.

  “I can make out nothing through those cloud-belts,”
he said. “Those belts show, as astronomers have always
believed, that Neptune has a great atmosphere. But
what lies beneath them we’ll not know until we pene-
trate through them to the planet’s surface.”

  “That won't be long,” I told him. “We’re already
only fifty million miles from Neptune—should reach
it in seven or eight hours more.”

   “You'll be slowing the flier’s speed before long then?”
asked Whitely, and I nodded.

  “We’ll wait until we’re ten million miles from it and
then cut out our rear-ray that’s pushing us on, and send
out a front force-ray toward Nepttrtie to break our
progress.”

  Those next several hours, however, seemed to us in
passing to be drawn out to infinite length, so great had
become our suspense. At last, however, as we stared
tensely ahead, Randall gave the word beside me that
marked our place as within ten million miles of the
great planet, which had now grown to a vast pale-
green cloudy disk in the heavens before us. And as he
gave that word I snapped shut one of the six switches
before me, turning off the great rear force-ray of the
flier, and at the same moment snapped open another
switch that sent a great force-ray stabbing straight out
from the ray-opening in the flier’s front, stabbing
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

123

straight out toward the great disk of Neptune ahead!

  Almost at once our mad flight toward that huge world
began to diminish in speed. Minute by minute the fig-
ures on the speed-dial crept backward, so that from
eight million miles an hour our speed dropped quickly
to six million, and then to four and to three and to two
million.

  With this swift decreasing of our speed we were
experiencing now the reverse of that pressure that had
been ours upon our acceleration, since now we were
straining upward and forward against the straps of our
chairs, the pneumatic shock-absorbing apparatus of those
chairs functioning now as it had done then. But though
we felt again the dizziness and slight nausea attendant
upon these tremendous changes of speed, we forgot that
in our intent contemplation of the huge world that
loomed but a million miles ahead, its tremendous pale-
green sphere, belted with great cloud-masses, seeming
to fill the heavens before us. Already Marlin, with his
instruments, had found as we neared Neptune that the
giant world’s rotatory speed was a little more than
twenty earth-hours, solving a problem that long had de-
fied earth’s astronomers by the discovery that the great
planet turned on its axis each score of hours.

  An involuntary thrill of pride ran through me even
as we shot in toward those great cloud-masses_ that en-
circled Neptune. Neptune! The sun’s farthest world, and
we four had reached it, had shot across the awful gulf
that none had ever thought to span! Marlin, beside me,
was gazing forward into the great cloud-layers now with
the astronomical curiosity of all his career gleaming
in his gray eyes, as we approached this farthest of our
solar system’s worlds. Whitely was contemplating it
with his usual cool detachment, but thoughtfully. Ran-
dall’s face was as eager with interest as my own must
have been, and when, a little later, there came a low
mounting roar of sound around our flashing space-
flier, the roar of an atmosphere through which we
were rushing, he uttered a low exclamation, swiftly
manipulated our outside air-tester, and then turned
to us.

  “An atmosphere to Neptune, surely enough!” he ex-
claimed. “About twice the pressure of earth’s, even
this far out, and the air-tester shows a large percentage
of water-vapor and rather larger amount of oxygen.
Otherwise it seems much the same as earth’s.”

  Marlin nodded. "We should be able to move in that,”
he said, “but the greater gravitation of Neptune will
probably be such as to make it necessary to keep inside
the space-walkers.”

  But now the space-flier was hurtling into the outer
vapor-layers, that swirled about us in white mist-masses
in the pale light that came to us from the tiny, distant
sun. Onward and downward through those vapor-lay-
ers, through the cloud-belts about the great planet, our
space-flier shot, while we four gazed ahead and down-
ward, now with excitement keyed to an utter tenseness.
Then with sudden stunning surprise, for we had thought
those cloud-layers of immense thickness, our space-
flier shot out and down from them, shot down into
clear air, clear atmosphere. And as it did so, from the
four of us came simultaneous cries. For there in the
pale, dim unearthly light there stretched far away be-
neath us the surface of the planet that for so long had
been our goal on our great race to save earth from
doom, the surface of great Neptune!

CHAPTER VI
Into Neptune’s Mysteries

“ 1^ JW ETAL, over all Neptune’s surface!”

  VI “A metal-covered world!”

  » A Our stunned, astounded exclamation sounded
together there as we gazed downward from our flier,
whose drop I had instinctively halted. For it was metal
indeed that lay beneath us, a gigantic surface of smooth
dark metal or metallic substance that glinted dully in
the pale light that fell on it, and that stretched away
in all directions to the horizons, completely covering the
giant planet Neptune as far as we could see! A metal-
covered world! In amazement, in awe, we stared down
upon it in that moment. For we had expected many
things, many aspects which the surface of Neptune
might have had, frozen ice-fields or flaming craters or
even a liquid world, but never had we expected what
we now saw beneath us. Never had we expected to
find the huge planet thus sheathed in a dark metal cover-
ing that apparently extended over all its gigantic surface!
And in all its vast smooth expanse, we saw, there was
110 higher structure of any sort, nothing but the level
plain of smooth dark metal,'sweeping far away to the
flat horizons.

  “Neptune a metal-covered world! And I think I see
why, now,” said Marlin quickly as we gazed down. “I
think that I can understand why the beings of Neptune

have covered their world with this shield-”

   “But what lies beneath it ?” Randall asked. “Do you

mean that these beings of Neptune-”

  “I mean that beneath this great shield they have
built must lie the real world of the being? of Neptune—
must lie the source of the giant force-ray that they’re
stabbing toward the sun I”.-

  “But how to get down inside?” said Whitely. “There

seems no opening in this gigantic metal shield-”

  “We must go on, then,” Marlin told us. “Must go
on until we .find some way of getting beneath, since
beneath that shield there lies our goal!”

  A moment we stared toward each other, and then
I had snapped open one of the switches before me,
turning the ray-direction dial, sending down slantwise
toward the metal surface a force-ray, instead of the
vertical ray that had upheld our flier. The pressure
of this slanting ray at once sent our ball-like space-flier
moving forward across Neptune’s surface, across the
smooth vast dark metal plain whose presence was so
astounding to us. I glanced at the outside-temperature
dial as we shot forward, saw that the atmosphere through
which we moved though dense was cold indeed, hardly
above zero in temperature. Then with Marlin and
Whitely and Randall I turned my attention to the
smooth great metal surface over which we were driving.
On and on we shot, though, without finding any slightest
change or opening or structure in that, unending, dark
metal surface, that swept away in its vast, bare curve
to the horizons, which were very far from us, so great
was the radius of curvature of Neptune’s mighty
sphere. But after tense moments of this fruitless watch
from our racing flier, Whitely uttered a low exclama;
tion and pointed ahead, toward a round lighter circle in
the dark metal plain far to the left, a circular opening
in the giant metal shield!

  None other of us spoke as we gazed toward that
124

AMAZING STORIES

opening, but at once I had sent the space-flier rushing
toward it. As we raced nearer to it we saw that that
opening’s circle was a full five hundred feet in diameter,
and that we could see down through it a great, bright-
lit space beneath! Tensely we watched, until in another
moment I had sent the space-flier directly above the
great opening, so that it hovered motionless above the
circular opening’s center. And as it hung there we
four, forgetful for the moment of all else, were gazing
down through the space-flier’s window through that
opening, down into the great more brightly-lit space
that we could see beneath, beneath the huge metal shield
that covered all this world!

  The first thing that I noted, gazing downward, was
that the space beneath the giant metal roof of Neptune
was a great one, since it was a full mile from the open-
ing in that roof to the surface of the world far below.
Gazing down toward that surface, seeing at last the true
surface of Neptune lying in the brighter light that ex-
isted in some strange way beneath the gigantic metal
roof, we gasped. For upon that surface there loomed
countless strange structures such as we had never seen
before. Rectangular in shape were those structures,
with straight black walls, of great size but seeming
rather low in height, and they were without exception
roofless! In them we could dimly make out from our
great height the gleaming shapes of what seemed huge
machines of one sort or another, but could not at that
height see whether living beings of any sort moved
among the structures. The great circle of the world be-
neath that we could see, hanging above the opening, was
completely covered with these structures, the black walls
of one roofless building being surrounded on all sides
by the walls of others, there being no streets or open
spaces whatever between them! It was as though, in-
deed, all the surface of the great world beneath had been
divided into great compartments by a great checker-
board arrangement of intersecting black walls!

  Marlin’s eyes were gleaming with excitement as he
gazed down. “The,city of the creatures of Neptune!”
he breathed, as in awe we four stared down. “The city
of Neptune that lies beneath the colossal roof, and that
must hold somewhere that which we have come to seek!”

  “You’re going to venture down into this city—down
under the great roof ?” I asked, and he nodded.

  “We must, Hunt, to find the giant force-ray’s source.
But stand ready to flash the space-flier back upward—
for if we’re discovered by whatever beings inhabit this
strange world, I think we’ll get short shrift!”

  A moment we paused there, and then as my hands
moved upon the switch-controls, decreasing the power
of the force-ray that held us upward the space-flier was
sinking smoothly and slowly downward, down through
the great Opening! Tensely and with fascinated inter-
est we gazed about now as we sank into the great space
that lay beneath the huge metal roof. That space was
brighter-lit than above the roof, we saw, and as we
turned a moment to glance upward we saw that looking
upwards, the roof was perfectly transparent! Dark,
opaque metal when seen from above, it was almost in-
visible in its transparency when seen from below! And,
seeing that, we understood the great roof’s purpose. It
had been constructed and placed above all Neptune, en-
circling the great planet and enclosing it, to retain that
planet’s heat as much as" possible. For it was apparent
that heat and light radiations or vibrations could not

pass up through the metal of the roof from beneath,
making it appear black and perfectly opaque from above,
but could pass freely down through it from above, mak-
ing it appear almost perfectly transparent .from below!

EVEN as we grasped the wonder of that, though, we

-	had forgotten it, in the greater wonder of the things
that lay now before our eyes. For as we sank down in
our space-flier into the great space beneath that roof we
could see the surface of great Neptune itself, stretching
far away beneath that mighty enclosing shield above it,
and covered to the horizons by the strange rectangular
and roofless structures such as we had already seen. These
were formed, indeed, by smooth black walls of some two
hundred feet in height that ran in straight lines in
checker-board arrangement across all the surface of this
huge planet, apparently, forming upon all its surface,
without streets or parks or openings of any kind, a vast
city of rectangular compartments, large and small! A
titanic streetless city that covered apparently all the-sur-
face of giant Neptune!

  But most wonderful of all the things that lay before us
in that moment was the fact that nowhere about us could
we see any sign of supporting pillars or piers for the
giant roof that stretched far above us! For though we
could gaze far away to the distant horizons of this great
world, we could find no single support for that huge
metal roof that apparently covered all the great planet,
and whose weight must have been incalculable! And
another feature of the giant roof puzzled us. It puz-
zled us to see the great openings in it like that down
which we had come, great circular openings which we
could see in it here and there at great distances from
each other. Those openings were provided on their
under-side with great sliding shutters for closing them
tightly, yet all were open! Why should they be open,
we silently asked ourselves, if the purpose of the roof
was to retain Neptune’s heat within that roof? For
the existence of those great and unclosed openings in
the roof must surely be defeating that purpose, for our
outside-temperature dial recorded the same zero tempera-
ture as prevailed above the roof!

  Yet even these strange things could not wholly draw
our interest and attention from the strange compart-
ment-city beneath, as our space-flier sank toward it. We
were within a few hundred feet of it, now, and as we
dropped nearer, Marlin and Whitely and Randall star-
ing eagerly down beside me, my hands were tense upon
the switch-controls, ready to send our flier leaping in-*
stantly upward. For if the beings of the city beneath,
whatever their nature, caught sight of us, we could ex-
pect nothing but instant attack. So that a tenseness held
all of us as our great flier’s faceted polyhedron dropped
on through the pale light beneath the great roof toward
the black-walled, checker-board like city that stretched
across the surface of the great world beneath us. And
now, as we sank lower, our eyes were making out ever
more clearly the details of that amazing city.

  The rectangular black-walled compartments held, as
we had half-realized from above, various strange-shaped
mechanisms and objects which we could even now only
vaguely discern. We could see clearly, though, that
here and there across all the vast city’s compartmented
surface there stood giant metal globes, each a hundred
feet in diameter and each occupying a square compart-
ment of its own. There seemed hundreds of these great
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

125

gleaming globes, scattered here and there in compart-
ments across the city’s surface as far as we could see,
though their purpose was then quite incomprehensible to
us. But as we sank lower still, ever more cautiously,
it was not the globes or the compartments’ contents that
held our attention so much as the astounding, stupefy-
ing fact that now was thrust upon us—namely that in
all the gigantic compartmented city, in all its strange
great black-walled rectangular and roofless enclosures,
there moved no living being!

  “Dead !” Randall’s cry expressed in that instant the
stupefaction of all of us. “A dead world!”

  “Neptune—a dead world!”

  A dead world! For truly it seemed a dead world that
lay there in the dim pale light beneath us! A world
whose strange contiguous compartments stretched away
from horizon to horizon to form the colossal city above
which we hovered, but a world, a city, in which was no
single discernible thing of life! The endless black-walled
compartments, the strange-shaped structures and mech-
anisms, the great enigmatic globes—all these things lay
beneath us in a silence and a death that were stunning to
our senses! Lay beneath us as though death had reached
out of the unknown to annihilate suddenly all living
things upon this alien world, leaving in it only the cold
and the silence and the death that enwrapped it now!
Neptune—we had flown across the awful void toward it
for week upon week, prepared to find within it any
strange beings, any alien and terrible form of life, but
never had we been prepared to find it without any life
whatever—an utterly lifeless world!

  As we stared down toward it in utter silence it seemed
to me that my brain was spinning from the stupefying
shock of amazement that was ours. For if the world
beneath us was truly a dead one, if Neptune lay now
without life, its colossal compartment-city entirely life-
less, whence came that giant force-ray that was stabbing
across the solar system from Neptune to turn the sun
ever faster toward its division? Whence came that
doom which was being loosed upon our earth and upon
all the solar system, almost, by that gigantic ray ? Was
that great ray, after all, only some incomprehensible
freak of natural forces, impossible to withstand, and
had Neptune, once the home of some alien, mighty civi-
lization, lain for eons in silence and death? Had our
desperate mission which alone held a chance for earth,
our terrific race out through the unthinkable reaches
of the solar system’s spaces toward its outermost planet,
been in vain?

  Marlin must have felt something of the same despair
in that moment, but his strong face betrayed no trace of
it as he turned to us. “It’s evident that his vast com-
partment-city, this whole world, perhaps, is deserted,”
he said. “But where does the great ray come from?”

  Whitely shook his head, glancing at his instruments.
“Impossible to say,” he said. “The recording-instru-
ments here show only that we are close to the great
ray’s source, that that source is in the region around
Neptune. But the emanations or reflections from it
striking the instruments are so powerful as to make
it imposible to determine the ray’s source exactly.”

  “But the city beneath!” I cried. “Even if it is
dead, deserted, we might be able to find in it some clue
to what has happened here, some idea of what manner
of creatures the Neptunians were, and perhaps some clue
to the great ray’s source!”

, Marlin pondered, then nodded. “Hunt's right,” he
said. “If we explore this deserted compartment-city be-
neath we may find some suggestion that will lead us to
the great ray’s source. And we must find out soon, for
only eighty-five days are left before the sun divides into
a double star and dooms earth!”

   “But we shouldn’t risk all of us on this venture,” I
 said. “The safest way would be to keep the space-flier,
 with two of us inside, hovering here above the city while
 the other two go down to it and explore it in their space-
 walkers.”

   This we finally agreed to do, and Marlin and I in-
 sisted upon being the two to make the venture, Whitely
 and Randall reluctantly agreeing at last to remain within
 the space-flier, watching and waiting for us. So, bring-
 ing the space-flier down to a height of a thousand feet
 above the compartmented city, I set the force-ray to hold
 it motionless there, Randall taking my place at its con-
 trols. Then Marlin and I were quickly getting into our
 two cylindrical space-walkers. Once inside them, we
 each gripped in a great pincer-hand the pointed bars of
 steel that we were to take with us, and then unscrewed
 the inner door and passed into the vestibule-chamber.
 Another moment and with the inner door closed, the
 outer one was swinging open, and the denser and colder
 air from without was rushing into the vestibule-chamber.
 We did not feel its cold, however, snug in the insulated
 and heated cylinders of the space-walkers, but drew
 ourselves to the outer door, turning on the force-rays
 from the bottoms of our cylinders. Then as we drew
 ourselves out through the door and into empty air, we
 were both sinking gently downward, our fall slowed to
 a mere floating drop by the down-pressing power of our
 force-rays.

 DOWN through the dim pale light of Neptune’s day
 we sank, down until just beneath us l$y one of the
 intersecting black walls. As I saw this I shot my sup-
 porting force-ray outward at a slant, and as this sent me
 down obliquely, I floated down past that wall, Marlin
 doing the same beside me, and in another moment we
 had come gently to rest just above the black smooth floor
 of one of the great compartments, the force-rays from
 the bottoms of our space-walkers holding us a foot or so
 above the floor. Resting there, Marlin and I looked
 up first. Beside us towered the black two-hundred foot
 wall of the compartment, and far above we could make
 out the hovering space-flier, its great gleaming poly-
 hedron hanging motionless and watchful above. We
 waved the great metal arms of our space-walkers toward
 it, toward Whitely and Randall inside it, and then turned
 to examine the place in which we stood.

   It was an oblong compartment some four hundred feet
 in length, and half that in width, its great black walls
 towering on all sides of us. Ranged around the compart-
 ment against those walls were rows of strange squat
 mechanisms of a roughly pear-like form, that loomed each
 a score of feet in height. Marlin and I shot our space-
 walkers toward the nearest of these mechanisms, to ex-
 , amine it. We saw that in the top of it was an odd cone-
 like opening, and that there ran out of the gleaming
 metal cover of the thing a thick pipe or tube that con-
 nected with a larger pipe that encircled the compartment,
 connected to each of the mechanisms. Then as we
 reached forward, swung aside the metal cover of the
 mechanism, exposing an intricate system of sections in-
126

AMAZING STORIES

 side it through which ran slender tubes acted upon by
 what seemed projectors of electro-magnetic force about
 them, Marlin pointed toward them, leaned toward me
 until his space-walker touched mine and spoke to me
 through the touching metal.

  "A water-making mechanism this seems to be, Hunt,”
he said. “In some way it must draw down ceaseless sup-
plies of hydrogen and oxygen atoms from the great
vapor-masses above the roof, and then recombine tiiem
here into water.”

  I nodded, gazing at the thing. “But it hasn’t been
used for years—for centuries, perhaps,” I said. “Look
—that dust upon it-”

  For upon the pear-shaped mechanism before us, and
on all those others and all other things about us, there
rested a coating of fine dust that was inches thick, a dust-
coating that we knew only a great period of time could
have deposited there. A moment we stared at that, two
grotesque figures there in the great cylinders of our
space-walkers, and then were moving on, along the wall.
That black smooth wall, we saw now, was composed
of a material that looked much like a black seamless
stone, but one that seemed diamond-hard. For our
pointed steel bars could make not the slightest impression
upon it, and it was evident, from the monolithic construc-
tion of the great walls about us and of the smooth black
paving upon which we walked, that this diamond-like
smooth stone had been artificially made. Later we were
to learn that it was constructed by a building up of mole-
cules into a deliberate crystalline formation that far ex-
ceeded the strength and stability of any other material’s
crystalline structure, and thus gave to the black artificial
stone a diamond-like hardness and a tensile strength ex-
ceeding that of steel.

  Around the great compartment we walked, our eyes
ranging over the great pear-shaped mechanisms and
the great pipes connecting them, and then Marlin and I
stopped short. For there in the black wall before us was
a door, an opening that connected with the adjoining
compartment on that side. It was by means of doors like
that, it was plain, that the necessity of streets in this
compartment-city bad been obviated, making it possible
to pass across the city through the compartments them-
selves if needed. Yet it was in stupefying surprise that
Marlin and I now gazed toward that door. For it was
all of six feet in width, but hardly more than four feet
in height! Its opening stretched there in the black wall
as though an ordinary door-opening of one of earth’s
buildings had been set in that wall sidewise! And as
we looked stunnedly about we saw that all the doors set
in the compartment’s four walls were of the same size
and shape!

  “Those doors!” I cried to Marlin, leaning beside'me.
“Those were never made for human beings or for near-
human beings!”

  “Then these Neptunians that once were here—” Mar-
lin began, and then stopped; we-gazed in silence at each
other through the vision-windows of our space-walkers.

  And silence seemed oppressive all about us then, a
silence that lay as thickly over the deserted compart-
ment-city as the thick dust of unguessable years that cov-
ered it. A chill seemed to have struck home to us in
some strange fashion with the discovery of those gro-
tesque door-openings and their significance. I glanced
upward, saw that the faceted ball of the space-flier was
still hanging motionless high above, and then as I turned

back saw that Marlin had moved toward the low door
toward which we had been gazing. A moment he con-
templated it, then motioned to me with the big metal
arm of his space-walker, and as I came to his side,
grasped that door’s edge with his great arms and lowered
his space-walker’s big cylinder until it lay on its side on
the smooth black paving. Then he was drawing it
through the door, aiding himself with a force-ray shot
from the opening in its bottom toward the compartment’s
opposite wall behind us. When he was through, he
drew himself erect, and in a moment I had followed
Him and was standing with him in the next compartment.

  That second compartment, we found, was a replica
of the first, being of the same size and holding within
it several dozen more of the pear-shaped water-manu-
facturing mechanisms. We passed through it, therefore,
over the dust-strewn paving and through the low similar
door on its opposite side, to find ourselves in still another
compartment of water-manufacturers. Pressing on,
rapidly becoming able to pass through the low strange
doors easily in our cumbrous space-walkers, we passed
through a half-score more of similar compartments all
holding only the dust-covered, pear-shaped water-mech-
anisms, and then at last we passed into a different com-
partment, one that held a strange shelving that covered
all its walls, at which we stared in perplexity for some
time.

  This shelving consisted of horizontal and perpendicular
shelves of smooth black stone like that of the walls them-
selves, running along and up and down those walls and
forming thus a continuous series of box-like openings,
each some four feet in length and two in height. There
were hundreds of these'shelves in the compartment, we
could see, yet all of them were quite empty, and in the
compartment there seemed to be no other object. They
suggested the equipment of'a store-room, yet there was
no faintest clue as to what had been stored in those shelf-
tiers of openings, ranged one above the other all around
the walls. Had Marlin and I been able to guess the
astounding truth as to those tiers of compartments as to
their significance and purpose, much would have been
clear to us right then. As it was, after vainly endeavor-
ing to fathom the purpose of the things, we gave it up
and moved on out of the compartment, and through
similar shelf-tiered compartments beyond it.

BY this time we had passed some distance from be-
neath our hovering space-flier, but still could see its
gleaming polyhedron hanging high in the air behind us.
Reassured by the sight of it, we passed on, and in the
next half-hour progressed through many more com-
partments. Some of these contained water-manufactur-
ing mechanisms or tiers of strange shelf-openings such
as we had already'seen. But many others held mechan-
isms or objects strange to our eyes, before which Marlin
and I stood entranced. We almost forgot, in the over-
powering interest of the things that we found in those
compartments, the object of our exploring search through
the strange compartment-city, our search for clues as to
the beings of Neptune and as to the great force-ray that
was turning the sun ever faster.

  Compartments we found in which were structures
that puzzled us as completely as had the tiers of shelf-
openings. These structures were great flat metal con-
tainers, each scores of feet in length and width but
hardly more than a foot or two in depth. They were
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

127

ranged one above the pther in great supporting frame-
works, and each container was filled with black fine soil.
The compartments that held these had set in their walls
great white disks which were connected to intricate ap-
paratus that seemed generators of some kind of force,
but more than that we could not ascertain from our in-
spection of them. The whole arrangement, the great
shallow containers of soil, the disks in the walls, the
generators connected to them—all was utterly enigmatic
and perplexing to us, and we were forced to give up the
riddles and pass on into other compartments, in which
were other things almost as mysterious.

  Some held giant globes of burnished metal, now dust-
covered, which occupied almost a whole compartment
each. These great gleaming globes were among the
most puzzling things we had found, since there was.
in the compartment of each one, no other object or indi-
cation of their purpose, save for a few switches mounted
upon a panel, the combination of which we could not dis-
cover, opening and closing them in vain. We had seen
these great globes from above, dotting the vast compart-
ment-city here and there in great numbers, but we could
learn no more of their purpose standing there beside
them than we had been able to guess from above. And
near these there were strange looming machines, many-
cogged and with a great hopper above whose purpose we
guessed, at least, guessing that these were the mechan-
isms that produced from some raw materials the arti-
ficial diamond-hard black stone-material that made up
all the intersecting walls of this strange huge city-world.

  Each of these machines had before it a very low,
round metal seat, with in front of that seat the controls
of the machine, a half-dozen burnished metal levers. As
we saw them Marlin and I exchanged startled glances.
Had the being who operated that machine, who sat be-
fore it, held and operated all those control-levers of the
mechanism? Back to our minds flashed the strange low
openings of the doors through which we had come, and
for a moment the same strange sense of dread chilled me.
But I shook off the feeling, followed Marlin on into
another compartment, glancing back through to where
our space-flier poised in the air now far across the city
behind us.

  It was into another long rectangular compartment that
we passed, one that held, like that out of which we had
just come, rows of strange many-cogged mechanisms.
But one feature of that compartment caught our atten-
tion instantly, held us motionless and staring. And that
was that those rows of great mechanisms were not com-
plete! Here and there in those rows were gaps, as
though machines had been removed from the compart-
ment, and where those gaps were, where the missing
machines had stood, were squares on the floor where
their bases had rested, squares that were entirely free of
the inch-thick dust that lay over all else! And even as
we stared, as we comprehended the astounding sig-
nificance of that, we saw that upon the dust-coated floor
before us were many tracks, small round and strange
tracks in the thick dust that were of great number and
that had been made, it was apparent from their dust^
free condition, but days or hours before!

  “Marlin!” I whispered, grasping my companion’s
space-walker with the great metal arm of my own and
touching head casing to head casing. “Marlin—those
tracks—someone, something has been here—-and but re-
cently!”

    “It can’t be!” he exclaimed, his voice hushed strangely
 like my own. “Neptune—all this great compartment-city
 —it’s all dead, deserted-”

   “But those tracks!” I insisted. “Those squares in
 the dust—something’s been here and has taken a half-
 dozen of these great machines away with them! And we
 know that something on Neptune is sending the great
 force-ray out to the sun!”

   “It can’t be,” Marlin repeated. “We found no source
 of the great ray on Neptune’s sunward side, and, too,
 how can that ray shoot always toward the sun from some
 spot on Neptune, when Neptune itself is constantly
 turning? No, Hunt, I think that this means—but look
 up there!”

   As he cried out he was gazing suddenly upward, his
 space-walker’s great arms pointing up, and at that
 horror-stricken cry, I glanced up to see a sight that froze
 me motionless there in astonishment. For there, high
 above us and above the great compartment-city, a dozen
 strange great shapes were dropping down through the
 air toward us, were dropping down through one of the
 openings in the great roof! Long great cylinders of
 gleaming metal those shapes seemed, dropping silently
 and smoothly down from the opening, toward the com-
 partment-city, but even as we looked in amazement and
 terror up toward them, they had halted in mid-air, as
 though seeing the faceted ball of our hovering space-
 flier hanging above the city far behind us. Then the
 next instant all the dozen great cylinders were flashing
 with unbelievable speed toward our space-flier, a half-
 score narrow, pencil-like rays of pale, almost invisible
 light or force stabbing ahead of them toward the space-
 flier!

    Marlin and I cried out in the same instant as those great
 cylinders whirled through the air toward the space-flier.
 and in that moment it seemed to us that our wild cries
 had been heard, for we saw the space-flier whirl itself to
 one side suddenly, as though Randall and Whitely in
 it had caught sight suddenly of that onrushing menace.
 The pale, almost unseen stabbing little rays of force or
 light shot past them as they swerved thus, and then the
 next moment cylinders and space-flier seemed to be whirl-
 ing in a wild melange of geometrical metal forms there
 in the pale dim light above the great compartment-citv.
 We saw the slender, pencil-like shafts of force stabbing
 this way and that, saw one cylinder, struck by the shafts
 of its fellows, riven asunder by those shafts as though
 by swords of steel and then suddenly the gleaming poly-
 hedron of the space-flier had plunged up out of the wild
 melee and was rocketing up toward one of the great open-
 ings in the vast roof above!

   As Whitely and Randall thus whirled the space-flier
 up in an effort to escape their outnumbering, unkhown
 attackers, we saw three of the great cylinders rushing
 up after them. In another moment the space-flier, closely
 followed by its three pursuers, had rushed up through
 the opening and disappeared above, and as they did «b
 we saw'that the remaining eight cylinders were dropping
 now again toward the compartment-city! Watching
 , stupefied still in our amazement, Marlin and I saw that
 four of the cylinders were heading down toward a point
 in the great city somewhat to the right of us, while the
 other four were slanting down now almost straight
 toward the compartment in which we stood! And as I
 saw that, as I saw and understood the significance of the
 tracks and missing mechanisms in this compartment,.
128

AMAZING STORIES

I grasped Marlin’s great metal -arm with one of my
own, again touching head-armors.

  “They’re coming down to this compartment!” I cried.
“It was they who took the missing mechanisms from
here—they’ve come for more!”

  “Out of the compartment, then!” Marlin shouted.
“They’re after Whitely and Randall in the flier, and if
they find us here-!”

  With the words we were throwing ourselves, prisoned
in our great cumbrous space-walkers as we were, toward
the low door through which we had come. In a moment
we were through that door, were in the adjoining com-
partment, but hardly had we gained it than there swept
through the pale light from high above four great
cylindrical shapes, slanting smoothly down toward the
compartment we had just left! From above they could
see us easily, whatever beings were inside those descend-
ing cylinders, so that as they shot down over our roofless
great compartment, Marlin and I poised motionless,
praying that our great gleaming space-walkers might be
mistaken for mechanisms. Far across the compartment-
city we could glimpse the four other cylinders dropping
down toward a different point, also, and then in the
next moment the four above us had shot down over us
and with a throbbing sound coming clearly to us from
those cylinders’ interiors, were coming to rest in the
compartment we had just left!

GLANCING for a moment at each other through the
vision-windows -of our space-walkers, Marlin and
I then softly moved in them toward the low door through
which we had just come. For though our fear was great,
our curiosity, our realization of the mission that had
brought us out here to Neptune, was greater. In a mo-
ment we were at the door, were lowering ourselves awk-
wardly and silently to a position from which we could
gaze through it into the adjoining compartment. In that
comparunent, we saw now, the four great cylinders had
landed, and were resting upon the floor at its center.
Each cylinder was of forty feet diameter and twice that
in height, and their gleaming metal sides were broken
here and there by small windows. They were broken too,
we saw with a start, by ray-openings like those of our
own space-flier, and it was evident from those that the
cylinders were propelled through space by the same
force-rays that moved our flier!

  Before we could fully comprehend the meaning of that
fact, though, there came a low clanking of metal and
before our eyes a section in each of the curving sides of
the cylinders, near the base of cach, was abruptly sliding
aside, leaving in the metal wall of each cylinder a low
oblong door-opening like those of the compartments
about us. Now we heard from inside that opening a
stir of movement, and saw vaguely a shape or shapes
that moved in the cylinder’s dark interior. Then, as we
gazed with tense nerves toward that opening, there
moved out of the cylinder’s dark interior through that
opening, into the pale dim light of the Neptunian day, a
creature at which Marlin and I stared in that moment
with horror-stunned minds! A being so grotesque and ,
so awful in appearance that for the moment it seemed '
to me that it needs must be a creation only of our over-
strained nerves and brains!

  It was a creature that bore no conceivable resemblance
to the human form or to any other in our knowledge.
The body was a great flat disk of pale-green flesh, five

feet in diameter and hardly a foot in thickness. It was
supported in a flat or horizontal position above the ground
by seven short thick limbs of muscle or flesh, which were
each three feet in length and which projected down from
the big disk-body at equal intervals around its circle. The
only visible features of the creature were the eyes and
mouth. The eyes were two in number, and were set close
together in the edge of the disk body. They were like the
eyes of some insect, being each inches across and bulging
outward, being composed each of a myriad smaller
glistening lens-divisions, like the eye of a fly! And as
I saw with shuddering horror those two bulging strange
eyes gazing about, it came to me that it was only by
means of such great, powerful eyes and their many lenses
that any creature here in the dim light of Neptune could
see clearly all things about it !

  The mouth was a white-lipped circular opening, and
was set at the very center of the horizontal disk-body’s
upper surface! No stranger combination can be imagined
than that which presented itself thus in the appearance
of that creature before us, with the two bulging glassy
eyes staring forth from the edge of the great disk-body,
and the round mouth gaping there in that disk-body’s
flat upper surface. Slung around the disk-body the crea-
ture wore a flexible armor or dress of connected straps
of flexible metal. In a loop of this rested a metal tube
formed by the joining together of two tubes of dissimilar
thickness. And attached to the flexible straps in another
position, at the disk-body’s edge, was one of the strangest
features of its appearance, a small metal ball that seemed
glowing with unceasing radiant light!

  The creature gazed about him, unaware of our awe-
stricken gaze, and then half-turned and seemed to call
to others in the cylinder from which he had emerged, a
strange sound issuing from his mouth-opening. That
sound was like a swift succession of staccato snaps of
sound, as clear and sharp as the snap of metal on metal.
From the variation in their utterance, though they were
in a single pitch only, it was evident that they formed the
speech of the strange creature, and as he gave utterance
to them, others like him, other similar disk-bodied green
beings, were emerging from the cylinder behind him and
from the other cylinders. In a moment a score or more
were gathered there, moving toward the great cogged
mechanisms beside them, and as they did so the staccato
snapping of their strange speech came loud to our ears.
And as they did so, too, we saw that the seven strange
limbs of each of them served him as arms as well as sup-
porting legs, since some used some of those limbs to
carry tools, holding them tightly in fingerless, muscled
grasp!

  "Neptunians!” whispered Marlin beside me. “Nep-
tunians, Hunt—those squat, flat disk-bodies—those great
eyes-!”

  Neptunians! Yet I had seen myself that they must be
so, that only on a great planet like Neptune, with far
greater gravitational power than earth, could.those squat,
flat bodies have evolved. For the greater the power of a
planet’s gravitation, the lower and the more squat will be
the forms of life,that evolve upon it. And just as these
Neptunians had evolved in their strange disk-form here
on the great planet, due to its greater gravitational power,
so had their great light-gathering eyes been evolved by
the dimness that reigned here always. And it was these
beings, it was clear, who had built the vast compartment-
city that covered all of the great planet’s surface about
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

129

us, since it was only beings like these who would have
built such strange, low doors in it for their own flat disk-
bodies, only such beings as these who, with their seven
great limbs, could manipulate the controls of the mechan-
isms we had seen!

  "Neptunians!” I whispered it, myself. “But if it’s
beings like these who inhabit Neptune, who have sent the
great force-ray stabbing toward the sun to divide it,
where are they all? Why have they left all this city, all
this world, dead and deserted?”

  Marlin, inside his space-walker, shook his head. “God
knows, Hunt! If all these Neptunians have deserted
their world, where have they gone? I know no more
than you. But it’s clear that they’ve come back for more
of those great mechanisms.”

  It was, indeed, evident that that was the object of the
Neptunians’ visit to the compartment-city, for now the
score or more in the adjoining compartment were busily
working with their tools upon three or four of the great
cogged mechanisms that loomed there. Swiftly they were
taking down those mechanisms, were dissembling them
into a myriad intricate parts which were stowed away
in the four great cylinders. More than once some of them
passed close to the low door through which Marlin and
I were gazing, but none ventured through it into the com-
partment in which we hid, seeming all to be intent upon
the business at hand. And as they worked on we began
to understand some of the features about them that had
puzzled us in our first horror-stricken sight of them.

  We had been puzzled, indeed, that they were able thus
to move about unheedingly without protection of any
sort in the zero-cold that reigned about us. But now as
one or two of them passed close to the door by which
we crouched, I gazed closely at the glowing little ball
that each had attached to his metal armor, and guessed
then what I was later to learn was the truth, that that ball
was glowing with radiant heat and had the power of heat-
ing to comfortable temperature the atmosphere for a few
feet directly around its wearer. Thus the wearer of it
moved always in a little volume of warm air, though the
air outside that area might be at zero temperature. And
thus it was that the Neptunians were able to withstand

the bitter cold about us, from which we were protected
by our space-walkers.

  As we gazed toward the Neptunians, they were com-
pleting the process of dissembling and stowing away the
great mechanisms, and now I moved closer to Marlin,
my thoughts being on retreat from the dangerous position
in which we were. Not only might we be discovered
at any moment by the Neptunians before us, but some-
where in the compartment-city behind us were others,
we knew, who had landed in their four cylinders at an-
other point. Whatever had happened to Whitely and
Randall in the space-flier, Marlin and myself were in the
most perilous of positions. Even were we to escape the
Neptunians we could not exist for long in our space-
walkers in this dead and deserted city, in the cold of
this strange and terrible world of death. Yet to escape
from them was our first consideration, and I whispered
as much to Marlin through our touching space-walkers.

  “We’ve got to get clear of these Neptunians,” I whis-
pered to him. “Back farther in the city we can hide until
they go.”

  He was gazing toward the strange creatures and their
tools and mechanisms with intense scientific interest, but
turned toward me at my whisper. “We’ll get back, then,”
he whispered. “It may be that Whitely and Randall-”

  It was a sentence that he never finished. For we had
hardly turned to cross the compartment in which we
crouched than we had to stop short in our space-walkers.
There behind us a dozen or more great disk-creatures
had been standing—a dozen or more great Neptunians!
Even as we faced them there in that stunned moment,
their bulging glassy eyes upon us, I saw the tracks in
the thick dust at our feet, realized that these creatures
were of the others who had landed in the compartment-
city, and that finding our space-walkers’-tracks here and
there in the thick dust, they had followed them, had
trailed us and stolen behind us while we watched their
fellows! Then in the next moment had come a staccato
cry from the foremost of the Neptunians, and in the
instant following they had flung themselves straight for-
ward upon us!

  For in this atmosphere sound penetrated our cylinders.

End of Part I

 Oh, Ye Fourth Dimension

Longitude and Latitude and Altitude, anon,

Now where in all perdition, has that Fourth Dimension gone?
Minkowski said he saw it in the fragments of a dream, '

But ere he laid him down to sleep, where had that Rus sian been ?

—A, S.
1.1 Jo^jaV^^lyTtM'? jrfv*c ~—'■ "i.*^" »	w»r	*\vi. -I'J'i^^*- Ji“:i;»v* *rf.-v. '.^

M

IP

 SsS?

 1®§

 i: s^sgg8tai»M|-^a»

 s?

<xp!% \

IIS

iif§

'^4mu~m-

RS*SNMBP

 ^i^glllF Wmmrn

 Sjg^PQMK

 ?- ^f~ swmmm
 ***^>*~~. .*&*&%****■

C V >> *"-9*sw

 .. •>■ ,^**^*c^‘i&5-’<.&'!/*V/y’-st'• >*k.■^'■7^'^'■■

      W\-?’-v«-.	:««>'

 ;--y

|§j i

• %®SSPl

imIs

 r,yip

 ESSS;?

 &!>!&*

 Something flashed in the
 sun above and ahead of
 me. I looked up and
 recognised it as one of
 the new silent electric
 planes gleaming silvery
 white

130
Synthetic

 By Charles Cloukey

  'Author of “Sub-Satellite’’ “Paradox,” etc.

       RAHAM Greene
M • and the Flaming

■	"W* Atom and I were
sitting in com-
fortable wicker-
chairs on the sunny porch of
Graham’s palatial summer
residence at Atlantic City. An
apparently endless beach and
a blue-green ocean dotted with
boats and hydroaircraft made
up the view from the porch.

The time was in the late sum-
mer or the very early fall of
the year 2000, but I do not re-
member the exact date.

  The young scientist’s face
held an expression curiously
reminiscent of his father,

Thornton Greene, who had
disappeared from the world of
men ten years previous, and
of whom no trace had ever
been found.

 “Von,” said Graham
Greene to me, “Elmer Calv-
roon escaped .from prison
last week.”

 “How?”

 “Attacked a warden to
whom he had a superficial re-
semblance, knocked him cold
before the poor fellow could
call out, strangled him to keep
him quiet, changed clothes
with him and had the nerve to
walk calmly out. The substitution was discovered in
about ten minutes, but Calvroon had disappeared. It’s
the first-successful jail-breaking in seven years. He has
cold nerve, Calvroon. He made the change just before.
the warden was to go to his supper. The prison officials
think a plane must have been waiting for him nearby.
He’s at large now.”

  Graham Greene was silent, and I knew he was re-
membering the events of the previous year, when Elmer
Calvroon, who was his step-uncle, had tried to kill him.
Before Thornton Greene had disappeared he had made1
a will giving the contents of a certain vault to Graham
Greene, or in the case of the latter’s death, to Calvroon.
At the tenth anniversary of the disappearance of the
elder Greene he was considered legally dead. The cold-

                      blooded Calvroon, knowing
                      that the vault contained the
                      greatest scientific discovery of
                      Thornton Greene, the secret of
                      synthetic life, had attempted
                      to kill Graham and obtain the
                      secret, for Calvroon also was
                      a scientist. His plan had
                      failed and he had been impris-
                      oned. Graham had inherited
                      his father’s fortune and the
                      secret, in the vault. With a
                      trusted staff of truly great sci-
                      entists he had taken possession
                      of the voluminous notes, for-
                      mulas, and instructions that
                      the elder Greene had left, and
                      was carrying on his father’s
                      work in secret. At this time
                      the world in general did not
                      know that Thornton Greene’s
                      secret was known to anyone.
                      Graham was not yet ready to
                      disclose the secret to the
                      world.

                            “I am afraid,” said Graham,
                          “that he may make trouble
                          for me. We shall have to
                          take precautions. Elmer Cal-
                          vroon'might be exceptionally
                          dangerous, particularly since
                          he knows that I am now car-
                          rying out the identical plans
                          and experiments he had so
                          much wanted to work on. But
                          let’s change the subj ect. Von,
                          you hold the world’s record for the ten-mile straight-
                          away airplane dash, don’t you?”

   “Yes, he does,” said the Flaming Atom, “but he won’t
hold it long. He captured it last year in a Uaco speed-
ster christened Nemesis. He made the ten miles in
59.016 seconds, which is at the rate of about 610 miles
per hour. I was second in the American Aviation Com-
pany’s racer, Hoktishu Katsu, but my time was 1 minute
1.03 seconds. But you’re going to lose your speed-
crown this year, Vonnie. American Aviation has sup-
plied me with a little stream lined beauty that is going
to make United Aircraft Company’s best efforts look
sick.”

  “Time will tell, Flaming One. Uaco hasn’t been
asleep, either. Wait ’till you see the Nemesis VI.”

/T seems to us that in the not tod.
 distant future mechanical men, as,
 •we may call them, will pilot air-
 planes—albeit under the direct su-
 pervision of human pilots. There is
 no reason to doubt the efficiency of a
 robot in the matter of keeping to a
 specific course and thus leaving the
 supervising pilot free to carry on the
 odds and ends necessary in long-
 distance flying. When mechanical
 piloting has become an established
 fact, there is hardly any limit to the
 development possible in the field.
 This author, now well known to our
 readers, has incorporated some strik-
 ingly original ideas, not only in fast
 and furious airplaning, but on the
 subject of synthetic men, humanized,
 as well, “Synthetic” is not only a
 clever story of scientific interest, it is
 also extremely thought-provoking.

Illustrated by
MOREY

131
132

AMAZING STORIES

  “Six, Von der Konz? What happened to the Neme-
ses II, III, IV, and V? One year you fly Nemesis, and
the next year Nemesis VI! What’s the trouble?”

  “The others,” I said, “were either discarded or
they crashed during the radio-control tests. You may be
interested to know that Nemesis V made 652 miles per
hour before she burst into flames!”

  “She wasn’t carrying a pilot, my friend. I won’t have
to make 652 to beat you next month when you fly the
Nemesis VI.”

  “What’s the name of the boat American Aircraft has
provided you with, Atom,” I asked banteringly. “The
Hokushii Katsu IX, or what ?”

  “The Kanimura Fensu.”

  “I like those quaint old American names your com-
pany chooses for its American aircraft,” I remarked,
“but I hope they never decide to name a plane Hari-
kari.”

  “Wait a minute,” said Graham Greene. “You two
may be professional rivals, but theoretically at least
you’re personal friends. Let’s change the subject again.
Atom, my dear, are we, or are we not going to have Von
der Konz here as the best man? Our wedding, you
know, is scheduled for just after the races.”

  “Von der Konz shall be best man, Graham. After
I’ve beaten him in the race I really must do something
nice to the poor boy. You’re coming to watch me beat
him, aren’t you ?”

  “I’ll have many important experiments in progress,”
said Graham, “but I’ll take time off, sweetheart. I
couldn’t miss it. It’s much more important than artificial
chromatin or synthetic cytoplasm. What colors will your
plane be?”

  “Gray and green. I was thinking of you when I chose
them, Graham Greene.”

  “Very sentimental,” I interrupted, “but you were
wrong, Atom. IIow can you expect to win in a plane
that doesn’t go with your hair or your personality? You
should have carmine to match that hair and crimson to
match that temper. Who ever heard of a red-headed
girl winning a race in a green plane, and with gray in
addition ? The color combination is atrocious.”

  “Your wit is a trifle heavy, Von. What colors are
you flying?”

  “Blood-red and gold.”

  “I hope you get second place.”

  “Thank you most kindly. I’m sure the sentiment is
mutual. Here comes someone in a gray and green am-
phibian. That’s not your Kanimura, is it?”

  “Of course not." The Atom watched the flying boat’s
graceful swoop as it settled on the surface of the water.
Suddenly she waved a slender arm. The pilot of the am-
phibian waved back to her. The Atom turned to Graham
and me.

  “That’s Joey Vincennes. She’s come to fly me up to
Philly and watch the trial flight of the Kanimura Fensu.
It’s never been flown with a pilot before. The radio-
controlled test flights gave results that are very promis-
ing, Vonnie. So promising that I know I’m going to
beat you. Want to come with us and watch the test
flight?”

  “Not at all, Flaming One. I came down here to talk
to your fiance about some scientific matters. Go fly your
potato-masher. I’m not worrying.”

  The Atom froze me with a look, kissed her future
husband, favored me with another icy regard, and

jumped off the porch. Her slender form, neatly encased
in the khaki flying suit she was wearing, described a
beautiful arc down to the beach almost twenty feet below.
She didn’t stumble as she hit the sand, and ran on out
to meet her friend who had taxied the amphibian up to
the shore.

  A sigh escaped from Graham Greene. “What a
girl,” he said out loud. “I don’t wish you any hard luck,
Von, but I hope she trims you.”

  “Let’s change the subject,” said I. “How are your
experiments coming along?”

  His face suddenly grew very serious.

  “Unbelievably well, my friend. I have seven of the
greatest scientists of the whole world living here with
me now. The entire second floor is perhaps the most
magnificently equipped scientific laboratory in the world.
And we have accomplished the impossible. I haven’t told
the Atom much about it yet. We haven’t told anyone
yet. But I don’t mind telling you, Von. We have pro-
duced synthetic life in that laboratory upstairs.”

  He rang for a servant and issued some instructions
to him in a low voice. The man disappeared and re-
turned several minutes later with a small portable cage
containing a large healthy rabbit. Graham opened the
cage and took out the bunny by his ears, and handed him
to me.

  “That rabbit was never born, Von. It has no ances-
tors. Atom by1 atom, molecule by molecule, we built up
chemically from carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen,
phosphorus, sulphur, calcium and other elements the five
or six microscopic cells that finally developed into that
rabbit. We made him from inorganic gases, liquids,
and solids, and he lives.”

  “Wait a minute,” I said, my head swimming. “Do
you mean to tell me that life is a chemical reaction?
Nothing more ?”

  “For many years it has been admitted that life is a
form of energy. You have seen chemical reactions that
have produced light or heat. And what are light and
heat but forms of energy? A chemical reaction produces
them. Why should not a suitable chemical reaction pro-
duce life, that other mysterious form of energy? It
does. It has been doing so for ages. There was no life
on this planet when it was part of a flaming nebula, thou-
sands of degrees hot. Somewhere, sometime, that chemi-
cal reaction took place and life started the age-long
upward climb through slow evolution. Yes, life is a
chemical reaction, my friend, the most wonderful, the
most glorious chemical reaction in the world.”

  “Wait another minute,” I said, “My scientific knowl-
edge does not begin to approach yours, but I cannot ac-
cept blindly all of your statements. No chemical reac-
tion has ever produced energy, any more than a chemical
reaction has produced matter. In some chemical reac-
tions energy is liberated, but in others, you recall, ex-
ternal energy, such as heat, for instance, must be applied
or the reaction will not take place. In many chemical re-
actions energy is absorbed, not liberated. And in no
chemical reaction is energy created or produced, in the
true meaning of the words. The existing energy is
merely liberated by certain chemical reactions. If I am
not right, I would appreciate being corrected.”

  “You are right, Von. I was extremely careless in the
way I expressed myself. Let me say, then, that existing
energy is liberated in the form of life when certain long
series of almost infinitely complex chemical equations
SYNTHETIC

133

are carried out under proper conditions of light, heat,
cleanliness, pressure, and so forth; and that by carrying
out such a series of equations in the laboratory, we eight
men have duplicated protoplasm and other basic life tis-
sues, we have solved the secret of chromatin, we have
synthesized a perfectly normal rabbit, and we intend to
carry our experiments much further.”

  Graham Greene paused a minute to let the full mean-
ing of his words sink in.

  “Some of my father’s secret is missing, Von. His
notes often refer to a microscope of some kind, without
which he could not have made the discoveries that he
did. This instrument must have possessed such power
that he could see atoms within the molecules, perhaps
even the electrons and protons within the atoms. In this
way he could actually see and study a life-cell, atom by
atom, molecule by molecule. And so he could find out
what they contained and how they were put together.
In this way he analyzed those complex organic substances
in a way that left nothing to be desired. After analysis
came synthesis, and my father worked out the most intri-
cate chemical processes and equations in the world and
put them on paper. We can duplicate his results, but we
cannot perform the analysis without his lost instrument.
We have no instructions for the creation of a dog; with-
out his instrument, which is perhaps the greatest part of
his discoveries, we could not discover the process that
would lead to the making of a dog. But that does not
say that a dog could not be artificially produced. A dog
or, for that matter, a human being, consists only of a cer-
tain number of elements, put together in a complex man-
ner. As a result we have life, and an imperfect organism
that will support life for a period of time averaging
somewhat less than a century. At death it decomposes
into the simpler compounds and its elements.

  “An unusual and unexpected phenomenon has come up
during our work. After we had carried out several
thousand separate operations and had put together the
few cells that were to be this rabbit, we found we had
nothing more to do! The rabbit developed to maturity
in astonishingly short time. In three hours he was full
grown, for we provided him with food enough. First
we nourished him with injected carbohydrates made up
of suitable organic compounds, then later we fed him in
the usual way. He grew before our eyes. Metabolism
proceeded at an unprecedented rate, a rate that I should
never have believed possible if I had not seen it. The
eight of us were astounded by the thing. In the three
most exciting hours of my life that thing grew from a
microscopic artificially manufactured egg to a full-grown
rabbit. Then the hectic rush ceased. Since then he’s
been a perfectly normal rabbit, particularly well-be-
haved. . . .

  “I do not pretend to explain that dizzying grbwth.
Bronnsen, one of my associates, believes that those three
hours were like half a lifetime to the rabbit. All things,
even time, are relative. A day is many years to the fly
that lives for that period only. All the first half of that
rabbit’s life was crowded into three hours, incredible as
it seems. Oh, there’s some reason for it, but we don't ,
know what. When it reached maturity it stopped, it
slowed down to a normal life. I wonder why. . . .

  “We are dealing with unknown forces. As we do not
possess that instrument of my father’s we can only fol-
low his instructions blindly. The accelerated growth is
only one of the surprises that we have experienced.

  “I know that you can be relied upon to keep a secret,
Von. All of my father’s voluminous notes contain only
two processes. One is for the artificial manufacture of
a rabbit. We have done that. The second is for the arti-
ficial manufacture of a man. We are doing that!”

  “I think you are going too far, Graham,” I replied.
“Even admitting that you could duplicate the body of a
man, would you not be entirely powerless to give him a
soul? The soul is not an intricate compound of carbon
hydrogen, nitrogen, and other elements; it is independ-
ent of the body. If you create a man, he will be a soul-
less, conscienceless, artificial product, not a human being.
He might be very dangerous. It is always dangerous to
meddle with the affairs of God and nature.”

  “Listen, Von. Let me show my side of the case. In
the first place, you seem to be a victim of the popular and
widespread idea that if man creates intelligence, that in-
telligence will destroy him, the superstitious and unkill-
able idea of Frankenstein, who crcated the famous mon-
ster. There is no logical justification for such a belief.
Why should not a man, produced artificially in a labora-
tory, be in every respect as fine a man, mentally, morally,
and physically, as any man naturally born? The latter
product is nowhere near perfection even yet, after these
few thousand years of humanity. I’m inclined to think
that my laboratory specimen will be a better man than the
average. He will not be handicapped by the inherited
weaknesses and ancestral faults which influence the all
of us, even the best of us. In the second place, again
contrary to popular delusions, that thing we call soul,
whatever it is, is dependent upon the body. If a man
takes drugs habitually, not only his body will be wrecked,
but very soon his entire character undergoes a change.
Every outward manifestation of the soul is changed, and
yet drugs are not spiritual, but actual physical objects,
which do not act through the fourth dimension or in
any other mysterious way to reach his soul. They affect
the physical body upon which that soul, whatever it is,
is dependent. In the third place, all ‘spirit mediums,’ to
the contrary, we have not yet even one authentic, prov-
able case of communication with a disembodied spirit, so
we reach the conclusion that the body is a necessity to
any soul to make itself known on earth.

  “We do not know where the soul of a newborn child
comes from, but it’s there. It’s there as a consequence
of the body being there. We do not believe any child
is bom without a soul, do we? Nor do we know of any
soul coming into being without a physical body. In all
of our experience so far, we find that the former is de-
pendent upon the latter, and we do not find any case of
one without the other.

  “I see no reason why my laboratory man should be an
exception to the rule. I believe he will possess as much
of a soul, or more, than you or I have. For four days
we have been carrying on the process of manufacturing
those vital cells that we expect to develop into a man,
perhaps at that same breath-taking speed that the rabbit
did. The speed of the metabolism is what astounds
me.. .

  TKe radiophone by Graham’s elbow rang impatiently.
Graham listened and turned to me with a look of horror.

  “Von, Joey Vincennes crashed that amphibian just as
they arrived at Philadelphia. Seemed to lose control
just before she landed. She was unhurt, but the Flam-
ing Atom’s eyeballs are both destroyed in some way, and
she is totally blind!”
134

AMAZING STORIES

  His face was a study in love and despair.

  “Von der Konz, here are the keys to my flying Goat.
Go get her and bring her to me quick, if you love a
friend! She’s at the American Aviation Company’s test
field. My plane is moored out there, to your left.”

  He took his heavy cane and walked into the house on
his two artificial legs. He had been the victim of a
crash once, himself.

  I slammed the rabbit back in his cage and rushed out
to the beach. Casting loose one of Graham’s speedboats,
I leaped in and was soon by the side of his hydroairplane.
I am a racing pilot. I disregarded the regular air lanes,
at the risk of being arrested, and made a straight line to
Philadelphia. Graham’s skyboat was not a racing crate,
but it could do three hundred in a pinch, and I was
crossing the Delaware River not much more than ten
minutes later.

  Something flashed in the sun above and ahead of me.
I looked up and recognized it as one of the new silent
electric planes, gleaming silvery white. It seemed to
stall, put its nose down, and dive directly for me. Then
the unknown pilot flattened out a scanty hundred feet
above me and zipped over my head. I suddenly felt in-
tense pain in my right wrist. My right ailerons jammed
and none of the tail surfaces would work. I crashed on
the American Aviation Company’s field even before
Joey Vincennes’ wrecked plane had been removed. My
crash didn’t hurt Graham’s amphibian much, except to
wreck the undercarriage. I jumped out, determined to
get medical attention for my wrist, which I found to be
burnt as if someone had laid a red-hot bar of iron across
it. I caught a glimpse of the almost invisible silvery
plane darting away to the east.

  Several men were running toward me, one carrying
a doctor’s satchel. He applied a thick dressing of some
sort of salve and bandaged the wrist. Most of the pain
was relieved. The next arrival was Garciac, the field
superintendent, who ran up sputtering an irregular
stream of poisonous profanity, some English, but most
of it French.

  “It is that white one, no? I see him flash by when
Mam’selle Vincennes have the accident, and I am ver’
suspicious, but I do not know, so I can do nothing! Now
he flash by again and you fall, M’sieu’! You are hurt,
no? He shot you down, yes? I have sent a radio de-
scription of that ever-damned white one to all the police.
They will watch for him, is it not so? l£ are those
United Aircraft devils. They blind our best racer for
life so they will win the races. They are cowards,
M’sieu’! And she is only a girl. They are pigs!
They-”

  I interrupted his torrent of words. “Wait a minute,
Garciac. United Aircraft would like to have their plane
win the coming races, because of the tremendous pub-
licity and advertising value of such a victory. But
they’re not descending to any such dishonorable and
murderous practices. Whoever it was that caused these
crashes had nothing to do with United Aircraft, so get
that out of your head! If Uaco is responsible for this
affair, why would they attack me ? I’m flying their boat
next month, not yours.”

  Garciac looked at me in amazement, and noticed the
scar on my left cheek. “Hermann von der Konz! You!.
What are you doing here?”

  Before I could reply a radio operator had rushed up
to the Frenchman and handed him a yellow slip of

paper. His attitude changed. He told the operator to
reply that the instructions would be carried out.

  "It is from Graham Greene,” he stated. Then he
turned to the group of men who were standing around.
“Prepare at once the ambulance plane for M’sieu’ Von
der Konz. Put the girl there. And call the police and get
an escort of armed planes. Quick! We will take no
chances with that white one!”

  .He bustled off to direct the preparations for the re-
turn flight. The doctor who had bandaged my wrist
spoke for the first time.

  “That white flyer has a devilish instrument, sir. It’s
like a pencil of intense heat. He flashed it across the
wing of that other plane. The heat wasn’t great enough
to melt through the metal ring, but it melted through the
control wires, which you notice are exposed on this
type of plane, and put the plane out of control, so Miss
Vincennes cracked up. The other girl, the one the news-
papers call the Flaming Atom, must have glanced up at
the white plane just in time to get that pencil of heat
across her eyes. She’ll never see again, sir. I just came
from attending her as well as I could. She has been
suffering great pain, but she doesn’t want an anaesthetic.

  “I had just finished bandaging her and was going to
advise Garciac to call the police to investigate that white
plane when you crashed here. That same thin beam of
heat rays crossed your wrist, and a minute ago I was
noticing where it had partially burned through your tail
surfaces. I hope the police catch the flyer. He hasn’t
got more than one full minute’s start, but there are many
white planes in the sky at any hour of the day. He’s
got a good chance to escape, damn him!”

  Two stretcher-bearers were gently placing the Atom
on the cot in the ,Red Cross three-motored biplane. A
spotless white bandage was over her eyes.

  “Will you take me to him, Vonnie?” she asked.

  “I am taking you to him, Elsie.” (It was seldom that
Graham or I used her real name.) “If anyone in the
universe can give you back those eyes, he can.”

  She said nothing and leaned back against the cushions.
I climbed into the cockpit. The escort of three police
planes, armed with deadly guns and manned by expert
gunners, had just arrived. We flew back to Atlantic
City. There was no trace of the white plane.

  She was soon in Graham’s arms, on that high porch
overlooking the wide beach and the ocean. Neither of
them said anything. Words were superfluous. I was
standing near them, I was slightly embarrassed and ill
at ease, and my shadow fell across the Atom’s face. She
seemed to sense it somehow, held out her hand, and
took a blind step toward me.

  “Thank you, Vonnie,” she said. "I—I guess I’m out
of it. I hope you get first place.”,

  She’s game through and through, that girl.

  A short, heavyset man rushed out of the house and
puffed up to Graham. I recognized "him as Bronnsen,
one of the seven scientists who were helping my friend
in his experiments. His excitement was so great that it
was several moments before he could utter a coherent
sentence.

  “It has started, Greene. The man! The experiment
has been a success! It grows before our eyes 1 Soon we
shall have a synthetic man! What a triumph for science!
You must come quick!” He took hold of Graham’s
sleeve and tried to pull him bodily toward the door lead-
ing to the interior. Graham shook him loose.
SYNTHETIC

135

  “Bronnsen, I can’t come now. The seven of you will
have to take care of that from now on. Or six of you,
rather. Tell Arnold that I must see him. He must at-
tend to this girl’s eyes as well as he can, right now. If
we take care of the underlying tissues immediately maybe
—please God—we can give her new eyes.”

  Arnold, I knew, was a surgeon of exceptional ability
and almost superhuman skill. Just what Graham’s plan
was in regard to the girl's eyes, I did not know, but
whatever it was, he could have confidence in the kindly,
patient and astoundingly skillful Arnold, who was not
only a remarkably able surgeon but a remarkably fine
man.

  Bronnsen hurried back to notify Arnold. Graham
Greene led the Atom into the house and had her lie down
on a luxurious couch.

  The radiophone on the porch again rang insistently. I
was the nearest to it, so I answered the call.

  “Is this the residence of Graham Greene?”

  “It is.”

  “I want to speak to Hermann von der Konz.”

  “I am he.”

  “I am Smith, of United Aircraft. Your absence from
New York has caused us much inconvenience in the last
two days. The Nemesis VI is ready for the many final
tests, and we have only twenty-nine days before the
races. It is essential that you come immediately to New
York and cooperate with our men, according to the terms
of your contract. Your delay has set us back, and we
will have to keep you busy from now until after the
races. Come at once.”

  Smith hung up. I went to New York. I had to keep
my contract. It was up to my company’s rivals to get
another pilot to take the place of the incomparable Flam-
ing Atom. , Many aspired to such honors, but very few
could qualify. I knew that American Aviation had lost
one of the most nervy and daring flyers in the world.
Perhaps I should have been glad that my only dangerous
rival could not take part in the race. But I was not glad,
though the greater part of the United Aircraft people
were. So I went to New York and for three hectic
weeks and more buried myself in the mass of work there
was to be done; detailed tests of every part of the little
plane that was aspiring to break the present record by
flashing over the ten-mile course in fifty seconds or less.
It was I who was to pilot that man-made meteor, so I
was sure not to let any detail escape me. The ten-mile
straightaway dash is a gamble with death. I suppose

I’m a fool to fly it every year.....

  Several times, in the evenings, I tried to call up Gra-
ham, but he had severed all connections with the outside
world. I learned nothing of the success or failure of his
cxperimants. He must have been a busy, weary man,
for the strain of attending to the development of his
artificial man, and his treatment of the Flaming Atom
at one and the same time must have been very great. I
could not blame him for not answering my calls.

  Three days before the races the Nemesis VI was ready.

I was advised to rest up. to relax. But my suspense and
curiosity were too much for me. I went down to At-
lantic City to see what had happened in that laboratory '
since I had left almost a month before.

  Graham’s servant ushered me into his living room.
Arnold, the surgeon, was seated in an overstuffed chair,
reading Shakespeare. He put down the book and smiled
pleasantly.

  “Hello,” he said.

  “Hello. I was expecting to see Graham Greene here.”
“You cannot see Graham Greene now, Mr. Von der
Konz.”

  “Why not?”

  “He is asleep. The shock of the operation was very
great. You do not know? We have just given him a
pair of new legs, and that lovely girl of his two brand-
new eyes. We are very proud of our success.”

“You mean to say that you have restored her sight?”
“Yes. And his legs. That discovery of his father’s
will be a-great boon to mankind. I doubt if I could
clearly explain to you the process by which we have
grown synthetic tissues in the place of those that were

destroyed.- It is marvelous-”

  “Greetings, Vonnie!” the Flaming Atom called out to
me.

  “Well, well, Flaming One. You’re a blue-eyed girl
now!” I said, and it was true. Her eyes had- previously
been brown.

  “Isn’t it wonderful ? Arnold here won’t let me fly in
the races this year though. He’s awfully cautious. He
says I’m too weak.”

  A tall blonde man with an exceptional physique entered
the room carrying a letter. He handed it to the Flaming
Atom. She read it and then overwhelmed him with
congratulations. Arnold performed the introduction.
“This is Robert Nelson, the synthetic man,” he said.
My mouth fell open from pure amazement. Nelson
noticed it and smiled. He repeated my name. “Aren’t
you," he asked, “the man who tried to tell Graham
Greene that I would not possess a soul?”

  “I don't—I can’t understand—you speak English!”
"Certainement. Mais aussi je parle le meilleur
frangais!”

  “Let me explain,” broke in Arnold, as I hesitated,
wondering if I were the victim of a practical joke. “One
of the associates of Graham Greene, the gentleman with
the name of Bronnsen, made a particularly careful study
of all the circumstances connected with the abnormally
fast development of that rabbit you saw, and reached
the conclusion that its growth was only relatively fast,
and otherwise quite normal. It was Bronnsen who saw
that the synthetic man would grow at the same terrific
rate until he reached full physical and mental maturity.
So he provided, with exceptional foresight, for the educa-
tion of Nelson by means of the hypnotic machines which
are just now being adopted in the schools. Bronnsen
also was careful to have these machines employed under
the supervision of one of our best modern educators, and
to have the machines speeded up to a rate corresponding
to the abnormally fast growth. There were'many other
problems, such as feeding, exercise, and so on, which
were also solved more or less satisfactorily. Bronnsen
can tell you more about it than I can, for I have been
devoting all of my time to the restoration of the girl’s
eyes and Greene’s legs. But anyway, it took just nine-
teen days for Bob Nelson to reach adult manhood, and
the growth stopped the same way that an electric light
stops when you snap off the current. Bronnsen says he
is very near to the secret of the rapid growth, but hasn’t
solved it yet. I hope he does. It fascinates me.

  “But I assure you that Bob Nelson has a soul. You
can see for yourself that he has a magnificent body, and
you will take my word for it that he has a well-trained
and intelligent mind. He speaks two languages and can
136

AMAZING STORIES

do trig, and calculus, not to mention the fact that he has
become an excellent fancy diver, and if I guess right
from the congrats he has just received from a formerly
blind racing pilot, he has just qualified to fly the Kani-
mura Fensu the day after tomorrow 1”

  Bob Nelson smiled.

  “He has,” stated the Flaming Atom. “The same re-
markable skill that made him an expert fancy diver in
two hours has just enabled him to qualify for the races.
I asked American Aviation Company to take him as my
substitute, so they took him in preference to the other
good pilots who had qualified. That's what you call pull,
Von. I warn you, you’re going to be flying against a
superman.”

  Later that afternoon, after I had watched the syn-
thetic man throw a heavy triplane around the atmosphere
with the skill and nerve of an expert and experienced
pilot, I reached the conclusion that truly I was not
matched against a human flyer, but against an efficient
scientific machine. I often wonder what my reaction
would have been if I had seen into the future and learned
what was to happen at the race.

  He, who waAcalled Bob Nelson, was not hindered by
the age-old faults and inbred defects of humanity. He
was perfection plus, a marvelous machine with a brain.
An ordeal that would tire an athlete was nothing to that
marvelous body of his. He learned difficult processes
with incredible rapidity. I watched with wondering ad-
miration that evening when he did a back triple flip from
a thirty-foot diving platform and entered the water with
hardly a splash.

  “Von,” I said ruefully to myself, "you can feel your
speed title slipping.” And it was so. My confidence was
going rapidly.

  Later that evening Arnold let me see Graham for a
short while, though the operation had greatly weakened
him, as the Atom’s had weakened her. But my friend
had a brand-new pair of legs, and he was supremely
happy.

  “You can see now,” he said, “what a great benefit
to humanity my father’s process will be. And yet
almost eleven years ago, when he announced that he
could create living beings and living tissues in the labora-
tory, men persecuted him and practically drove him to
disappear. I often wonder if he’s really dead. Eleven
years, without a word from him, the greatest scientist
in the world. I shall never begin to approach his ability.”

  Still later that evening I became an unwilling eaves-
dropper at a conversation that filled me with a vague,
shadowy misgiving, and the memory of which helped to
account for the events that occurred at the race. After
supper I had wandered into the parlor and had seated
myself in the big overstuffed chair in the corner, and had
idly picked up the Shakespeare that Arnold had been
reading earlier in the day. Hardly had I seated myself
when the Flaming Atom entered at the opposite end of
the room at one side at precisely the same minute that
Bob Nelson entered at the other side. The back of the
big chair was toward them, and I was completely un-
noticed. I didn't pay much attention to them until I
heard their conversation. Then curiosity held me, though
I knew that they thought they were alone and I could
have left silently by a door near me. I doubt if my
listening in was justified.

  "Atom,” said Bob imploringly, "can’t you give me a
little hope? You know I love.you.”

  Her voice was very serious as she replied.

  “I think you’re foolish, Bob. I’m the only girl you’re
acquainted with, and you think you’re in love with me.
There are many things about the world you have still to
learn. There are millions of other girls in the world,

much more attractive than I am-”

  “There couldn’t be.”

  “—and if you knew a few of them you would soon get
over your silly infatuation for me, Bob. You really
haven’t lived long enough to know what love is. I like
you and admire you, but I loved Graham Greene before
you were ever—created.”

  They were silent for a moment. When the boy re-
plied there was a' bitterness in his voice that hurt.

  “I know. You couldn’t love a—synthetic man. I’m
just an imitation, a scientific experiment. Just a chemi-
cal reaction. I wish Graham Greene had never-”

  “Please don’t. You know it isn’t that. You’re not an
‘imitation.' You’re far better than most men could be.
And I know that you have honor, Bob. I know you’re a
game sport. So I know that you’ll realize that I’m en-
gaged to a man I love, a man who has given me back my
eyes. But I loved him long before that-happened, and
I’m going to keep on loving him. Realizing that, you’ll
see that you mustn’t be making love to me. You’ll get
over this disappointment, Bob. You’ll probably fall in
and out of love several times, and there are lots of lovely
unattached girls in the world.”

  When Nelson answered, the bitterness was gone, and
its place was taken by something admirable.

  “I beg your pardon, Flaming Atom. I’ll never speak
about the matter again.”

  “Thank you, Bob.”

  And Robert Nelson never did.

  The next day Graham received a letter from his step-
uncle, Elmer Calvroon. The letter was long, boastful,
and threatening, characteristic of the man. Calvroon dis-
closed the details of his escape from prison, defied the
police to discover his present hiding place, explained that
he had altered his features and even his fingerprints until
any positive identification would be impossible, and con-
cluded his letter by revealing himself as the man who
had been in the white plane that had caused the two
crashes at Philadelphia.

  A voluminous postscript gave many of the details of
his device for projecting a long, narrow beam of intense
heat, which he said he had invented while carrying on
experiments with the rays above the heat-rays proper but
below the infra-reds. Calvroon’s pride in his accomp-
lishment was in every word of his description of the
thing. I had previously been acquainted with his boast-
fulness, so the letter was what I would expect from the
man. It is hard to adequately describe Calvroon so that
you can get some understanding of him. Perhaps his
most dominant characteristics were a cold daring or
nerve, selfishness, egotism, great scientific ability,
especially along mechanical or electrical lines, and an al-
most blind determination to get what he wanted, no
matter who opposed him. So it did not surprise me that
Calvroon demanded that Graham turn over to him the
’secret of synthetic life immediately. It had been be-
cause of an unsuccessful attempt to kill Greene to obtain
that same secret, that Calvroon had been imprisoned.
This time, he stated, unless Graham gave it to him he
would kill him with that heat ray.

  We had already seen two examples of the effectiveness
SYNTHETIC

137

of that beam of heat. At the Flaming Atom’s sugges-
tion, Graham showed the letter to the police and asked
for protection. He got it at once. The police were par-
ticularly anxious to locate Calvroon because of his jail-
breaking exploit, so that very afternoon a detachment of
police arrived to act as Graham’s bodyguard.

  We never expected that Calvroon would make his
attack on Graham Greene the next day at the races. But,
after all, it was characteristic of his coolness and his
determination that he would take the earliest opportunity
to surprise his victim. He. must have learned about the
police guard and decided that Graham was not going to
surrender that discovery of his father’s, even under
threat of death.

  The morning of the races was clear and a trifle cold.
There was hardly any wind at all. Most of us who had
been staying at Graham’s house went to the race-courses
in south central New Jersey in a luxurious cabin mono-
plane piloted by the Atom’s girl-friend, Joey Vincennes.
Both the Flaming Atom and Graham Greene were
present, the latter against the advice of Arnold. Bob
Nelson and I were present, conversing pleasantly on the
subject of plain and fancy diving, though neither of us
was thinking as much about that, as we were about the
ten-mile dash. Arnold was present to keep an eye on
Greene, and Bronnsen was present to see the artificial
man win the races. Because of the injury to the girl’s
eyes which had occupied all of Graham’s attention, and
the later operation on his own legs, it had been Bronnsen,
much more than Graham Greene, who was responsible
for the magnificent development of the synthetic man.
Bronnsen was there to see the laboratory product prove
his superiority over a natural man. Bronnsen informed
me that I didn’t have a chance.

  Thousands of spectators had come by train, plane, and
car, to see the races. Of course, traffic was jammed,
accidents occurred and both the air and ground police
had a hard time of it.

  High above, with powerful binocular telescopes, we
watched the various preliminaries; the ’chute-jump ex-
hibitions, the fireworks display, the sham battle, the
stunting exhibitions, the various longer races. The fore-
noon passed;: each minute replete with thrills. Then the
time approached for the ten-mile dash.

  The ten-mile dash is the most fascinating of the
events, both to the spectator and to the contestant. It
is in the, ten-mile races that the supreme speed-records
are madf and broken. In a longer race, the pilot does
not dare to use the ultimate maximum of speed and power
in his plane, for neither the man nor the plane could
stand up for any period of time longer than a minute
and a half under the terrific acceleration necessary. At
the six-hundred and more miles an hour, as you know,
the course must be a mathematically straight line, for a
pilot taking a corner even at three hundred goes uncon-
scious for a few seconds, and a pilot taking a corner at
four, five, or six hundred miles an hour, in ninety-nine
cases out of a hundred, rapidly becomes a quite dead
pilot. Either he doesn’t recover his senses in time to
keep his plane from crashing or else the turn is too much
for his brain. In either case he’s done for good.

  Joey Vincennes landed the cabin-plane in the space
reserved for contestants, and Bob and I got out and ran
the gauntlet of television scouts, cameramen, sound-
movie makers and snapshot hunters. Side by side were
parked the gleaming little Nemesis VI, blood-red and

 burnished gold, and the Kanimura Fensu, in the milder
 tones of gray and green. These two were the only en-
 trants, each representing one of the two great aircraft
 manufacturers. Trusted employees, expert mechanics,
 were seeing to the last minute detail of the tuning up
 of the planes. The radio announcer spoke into his micro-
 phone, informing all the world that the pilots of the two
 planes were, respectively, Hermann Von der Konz, holder
 of the present record, flying for United Aircraft, and
 Robert Nelson, an unknown pilot, flying in the place of
 the tremendously popular “Flaming Atom” for American
 Aviation Company. The announcer explained that the
 Flaming Atom had been put out of the race by an acci-
 dent.

   Of course, none of the thousands upon thousands of
 spectators, except that little group in the cabin plane,
 had the slightest idea that Bob Nelson was a “synthetic”
 man. The world was still in ignorance of the work of
 that group of seven scientists, who had followed the di-
 rections left by the missing Thornton Greene.

   In spite of all that the police could do, betting was
 high, and literally millions of dollars, in the aggregate,
 were wagered on the outcome of the race. Each year
 that happens. The gambling instinct cannot be stamped
 out by law.

    It will be impossible for me to describe that race in as
 short a time as it took to fly it.

    There was a little delay at the start because of an acci-
 dent to one of the six high-speed movie cameras that,
 taking exactly one thousand pictures a second, and per-:
 fectly synchronized, were used to record the time of the
 race, accurately to the thousandth of a second. Races
 have been won by as close a margin as three one-thou-
 sandths of a second.

   Bob Nelson had never before seen an airplane race,
 so he was ignorant of many of the customs and rules of
 the game. The officials assumed that he must have been
 cognizant of the rules, or he wouldn’t be flying, so they
 failed to enlighten him.

   Literally speaking it is not a race. Each plane flashes
 over the course separately, and then the records on the
 films are compared. The fastest (or in this particular
 instance, the faster) plane wins. This was the detail that
 the synthetic man didn’t know. So when the starter
 fired his pistol, as a signal that I could start whenever I
 was ready (the plane parked to the left always starts
 first), Bob Nelson, thinking that we were both to fly
 against each other, instead of against time, started too.
 But I didn’t notice him. I was too much occupied by
 the Nemesis VI. ,

   Five miles are allowed to get up speed. That is, we
 had five miles to fly before flashing between the first two
 pylons that marked the real beginning of the race, and
 then the ten miles of the race itself to the finish line,
 marked by two other pylons. The time made in those
 preliminary five miles does not count in the score. A
 pilot tries to cover them, not any faster than necessary,
 but to accelerate up to his absolute maximum speed just
 before reaching the start, and to keep that maximum
 , until he has finished the ten miles.

   In order to be sure, that the course will be a straight
 line, control locks are used. As he passes the start the
 pilot pulls down a lever that locks the controlling sur-
 faces of his plane immovable, as the pilot could not, at
 that terrific speed, keep his plane in a straight line unless
 he possessed superhuman strength. Besides, the control-
138

AMAZING

STORIES

 lock leaves the pilot’s hands free to handle the throttle.

  Crushed against the back of my glass-enclosed cockpit
by the terrific acceleration, I noticed, just after I had
reached my maximum, flashed between the pylons at the
start, and jerked down the control lock, that close behind
me was the gray-and-green Kanimura Fensu, and it was

LOCKED ON A COURSE THAT GRADUALLY APPROACHED MY
OWN.

  The two planes, each at its maximum speed, were
keeping even with each other, at least as far as could be
determined by the naked eye. It took very few seconds,
at better than six hundred and fifteen miles an hour, to
see that the two planes were due for a crash, that their
two courses were not parallel, but slanting towards each
other. And still they kept even. If either could have in-
creased its speed by fifty or sixty miles an hour, which
was impossible, one could have passed in front of the
other, and no wreck would have taken place. But they
kept even.

  In order to avoid the crash that would be the end of
both planes and both flyers, one of us had to slow down,
thereby losing the race.

  It was a supreme battle of nerve, and it lasted less
than forty-five seconds. When the Kanimura Fensu
was actually within a hundred feet of me, and drawifig
steadily nearer every fraction of a second as the two
little planes hurtled over their intersecting courses, I cut
the throttle of the Nemesis VI to save my skin. I’m
more important to myself than any race is.

  But an airplane has no brakes like an auto, and de-
celeration is never quick, I perceived that I had waited
whole seconds too long. Bob Nelson’s plane was per-
ceptibly gaining on me the second I surrendered, but it
was so close to my side that I could see we would not
clear each other.

  I have had several close calls, and I am intensely in-
terested in remembering and speculating about the
rapidity and clearness of thought in times of danger. It
seems as if time had slowed down. Each split second is
clear, and action is instantaneous. Hardly three seconds
after I had cut the throttle I had seen what was to be
done, and by a combination of reflex and reasoning, had
done the only thing that could have saved my life, for
Bob Nelson had held steady on his course at his maxi-
mum speed, coolly taking a chance with death. He judged,
correctly too, that I would concede the race to save my
skin.

  When I saw that further action was necessary, I jerked
up the control lock, kicked the rudder bar violently to the
left, and jerked back the control in order to send the
plane up at a sharp angle, for I knew that I would lose
consciousness as I swerved, and I figured that the higher
I went the farther I would have to fall, the farther I fell
the greater chance there was that I would come to in
time to save myself. At three hundred miles an hour
the unconsciousness is momentary. At a faster turn it
is longer, and too great a speed on a curve will kill the
pilot. In spite of my deceleration, which had hardly
lasted three seconds when I made the curve, I was still
traveling at more than five hundred miles an hour.

  As the Kanimura Fensu, piloted by the synthetic man,
flashed between the finish .pylons to set a new world’s
speed record for man-carrying planes, the blood-red and
gold rival, Nemesis VI, was reaching the top of its up-
ward climb. It stalled, hesitated motionless for half a
second, snapped back, and dove. It fell crazily.

   I came to when it was close to the ground, landed it
 clumsily, and got out just in time to witness the incident
 that closes this story.

    For the dramatic things happened then.

    A white electric plane approached at great speed, high
 above the course. It flipped over on one wing, turned,
 dove, and passed over the cabin-plane where the other
 members of our party had been watching the race
 through the binocular telescopes, and as it passed, the
 beam of heat severed the control wires of the tail sur-
 faces. The cabin plane started down in great jerks, as
 Joey Vincennes tried to maneuver it to the ground in
 spite of the useless tail.

   I do not know what it was that caused Calvroon to
 pick that time for his revenge, but I think it was largely
 that theatrical love of the dramatic and daring that had
 manifested itself when he had previously tried to kill
 Graham Greene; And Calvroon’s cold-blooded nerve, to-
 gether with his conceit and that one-track mind of his,
 all combined to cause him to take this apparently foolish
 method of attacking.

   But he had a good chance of succeeding. The police
 planes were all on the ground. If Calvroon got one
 minute’s start with that silent electric skyship, the. only
 thing that could catch him would be one of the racing
 planes, which of course had been stripped to the last
 superfluous ounce, and carried no arms. They would
 be an easy prey for that pencil of heat. I think Calvroon
 was perfectly aware that he would be hard to catch and
 harder to capture, or he would hardly have come so
 openly.

   Revenge must have been a prominent motive. The
 previous attempt to kill Graham Greene had been a
 means to an end. This time the young scientist’s death
 was an end in itself. Calvroon had always been emotion-
 ally repressed, and his hates were intense, whenever they
 came to the surface.

    The white plane performed a clever time-saving varia-
 tion on an Immelmann, and passed over the cabin plane a
 second time. This time the left wing partially crumpled.

    I think Calvroon must have increased the power of his
 instrument since the episode at Philadelphia. The heat
 nearly severed the wing entirely.

    The plane was still under control, of a kind, though it
 was side-slipping rapidly. Calvroon turned again to
 deliver the final blow.

    I doubt if you realize the few seconds it took for the
 thing to happen. The populace were watching dazed. A
 few of the police had recovered from dieir surprise
 enough to run toward one of their armed planes and start
 to take off. They would have to act quickly, or the
 electric plane would be gone, probably to the east, out
 over the ocean, the direction in which it would have a
 very good chance of total escape. It had escaped that
 way once before. After all, Calvroon’s action wasn’t
 quite so foolish as it appeared at first moment.

   The one who defeated Elmer Calvroon was the syn-
 thetic man. Recalling the conversation I had overheard
 . in the laboratory, I think I can understand his motives,
 too. The Flaming Atom was on the cabin plane, and
 Bob Nelson made the sacrifice.

    He was still in the air from the race, returning to the
 field from which he had taken off. He saw and under-
 stood immediately what was happening. Without one
 (Continued on page 150)
 Vis Scientiae

  By Miles J. Breuer, M.D.

_ "Once they feared us,” said the Powers,

                         Sitting round in council grim,

They that ruled man’s fearful hours,

                      Made him shrink from terrors dim;

               “Now we serve them,” said the Powers,

    Owned up to it one by one;

                "No more their reason from us cowers.”

                         These are things that they have done:

They have chained the livid lightning that goes hurtling down the sky,
Made it slave for them and pass them scatheless as it hurtles by;

They have trapped the furious tempest at whose breath the forest reels,
And the angrier it rages all the merrier turn their wheels;

The ocean is their plaything; they have placed upon his back
Mighty palaces, nor swerves them all his lashing from their track;

The thundering of the cataracts, the swing of wave and tide

Must meekly light their dwellings, and must draw them when they ride;

E’en the sun, almighty monarch, whom the ages held in awe,

Now must yield and run their engines; even on his strength they draw.

                O’er the stretching, lonesome plains,

               League on league and waste on waste,

               Creep and wind their humming trains,

                 On, in whirling, roaring haste.

’Cross those reaches, empty, vast,

                 O’er the boundless, fearful sea,

Speed their heralds, countless, fast,

                Huge in throbbing majesty.

                 Where the dismal desert rolls,

Stopping not for rocks nor mires,

                Those unbroken lines of poles
                With their endless, stretching wires.

Scattered o’er the broad, green land,

Everywhere in spreading spots,

Towering, huge, their cities stand,

                 Stirring, pulsing, teeming clots.

                       Huge, swinging bulks,

                       Great, clumsy hulks
                       Move all about;

                      And in and out

Among them creep the tiny creatures whom these Titan things obey.

                     Away on high
                     Through the vast, free sky,

                          Those deeps so still
                          Forever thrill

With the silent things they’re sending quivering on their unseen way.

         All over the Earth is the work of their hands,i
                And under the Sea and the Ground;

         With blossoms they’ve covered the desert’s hot sands,

               Made day out of night profound.

They’re puny and feeble, these small, swarming men,

Mere motes in the while of their Fates;

         But they work with each other, together, and then
                All Nature their conquest awaits.

139
?|||#|§|

i^S

■aiNi

. . . “But it's a mirror
image of the whole sky; the
constellations are reversed in
their relations to one another.
. It is as though the galaxy were
d out on a sort of mercator’s
projection!’’

140
The G imlet

 By Victor Endersby

       /F we give the subject any consideration at all, doesn’t it seem as though
       man really leads nearly a two-dimensional life? He has never risen a thou-
       sandth part of the diameter of the earth above its surface; he has never gone
       but a fraction of that distance below. How far has man gone below the liquid
       plane of the ocean? What might not be hidden within the bowels of the earth?
       More and more we turn our minds toward the further delving within the
       ocean depths and within the depths of the earth. And it seems to us not alto-
       gether reasonable that we should assume that there would be nothing new to be
       found at the greatest depths. Our new author has devised a truly ingenious

method for ‘looking inside the earth'
closely, to sound scientific facts, which,
Illustrated

<c TT RRARPH!” remarked George Balsey, sail-
          ing his magazine at the fireplace with more
          emotion than accuracy. The* unfortunate

  -	B JL volume, which happened to be mine, struck
the mantel and fluttered to the floor, where
its spread-eagled leaves curled gently in the heat from
the grate.

  “Now what?” I inquired, with a bit of warmth of my
own.

. “Oh, these so-called ‘interplanetary’ stories! If the
writers were all lumped together they would assay about
enough real imagination to enable a cat to come in out
of the rain!”

 “What?”

  “You heard me! Look through forty carloads of this
trash”—he waved disdainfully at the abused magazine—
“and see whether you can find in one single ‘interplane-
tary’ story the glimmer of anything except combinations
and recombinations of functions, mechanisms, and emo-
tions all too familiar on the home-ball of dirt, tinkered
together with all the lively spontaneity likely to be dis-
played by a farmer building a nfen-house! And when
they try to liven things up with a bit of ‘love-interest’—
gosh!”

  This was getting a little too much. Although my
course was engineering, astronomy was my hobby, and
some of the stories thus severely criticized—George was
so intense—supplied the starting point for trains of
imaginative thought, which decidedly moonlighted the
sober college pathway paved with mathematics and
mechanics of materials.

  “Well,” I said, “it’s a pretty well-known psychological
fact that nothing can be conceived whose elements at

in this clever yarn, though he adheres
being an engineer, he is qualified to do.

by MOREY

least do not lie in past experience. It’s so in all literature
and art. The imagination comes in the construction of
new combinations from the old elements.”

  “All right; but why be so stultified? I could go out
here on the campus and in fifteen minutes find two
brains, whose respective outlooks and thought-flavoring
would present more contrast than any difference I have
yet seen described as existing between human beings and
inhabitants of other worlds. Yet the most primary com-
mon-sense shows that such inhabitants would of necessity
be so differently organized from us, as to be wholly be-
yond our power of conception. Flammarion, the first
real speculator on these things, showed that very clearly.
Now to my way of thinking, we ought to do something
to explore the infinitely more interesting—and more ac-
cessible—regions near at hand, instead of sterilizing our
brains on these long trodden treadmills.”

  “What regions, for instance-?”

  Balsey leaned toward me, his long nose quivering with
eagerness and a glinting light in his eye.

  “Go two miles into the ground,” said he, “and you
will be in space never yet penetrated except by the power
of imagination; go ten, to find matter in states of which
physics gives us only the most fallible and speculative
ideas; go two thousand, and you will find yourself in the
heart of the most contradictory mystery—short of Ein-
stein’s brain—which has ever perplexed a respectable
branch of science. And as an honest-to-goodness student
of geology—I said student, not a college boy tossing an
occasional sop to the faculty in the way of study just to
be able to hang on to the academic social whirl—I know
what I’m talking about!”

  “All right, Mista Bones. What’s the big mystery?”
142

AMAZING STORIES

  “This. The calculated weight of the earth gives it an
average specific gravity about five to six times that of
water. The surface rocks only run about two and a half,
most of them less. There are something like three different
ideas as to why this is; various authorities calculate that
the core is composed of unusually heavy stuff running
anywhere from gold to iron, with the size of said core
necessarily varying. One duck says glass—why, I don’t
know and neither does he.

  “Under tidal action the whole globe shows a rigidity
about that of steel, which seems to check up with the
calculated weight more or less. But now look at this:
(Incidentally I am aware that you know all this, but I’m
showing you how to think about it.) An earthquake sets
up two kinds of earth waves; one runs around the cruSt
and the other goes straight through the material direct to
the seismograph. But if the center of shock is so far
around the curve that the straight line wave path cuts
below a certain depth, it doesn’t gel there. That indicates
one of two things—either the core is pretty completely
liquid, or it is hollow; the wave just falls into a vacuum,
as it were. Liquid doesn’t jibe with the rigidity; a
liquid core of that size would leave the earth about as
resistant to tidal action as a rubber balloon filled with
mush. And there is no known sanction in physics for a
hollow center—in fact it would upset our entire physics
of astronomy, to say nothing of the weight business.”

  “Well,” I said practically, “just what do you propose
to do about it?”

EORGE suddenly shed all levity.

“Bill,” he stated, "this thing has haunted me for
years. We actually know a thousand times more of the
composition and life-history of the farthest visible star
than we do of the deeper rocks under our feet. I can
put up with a large volume of the unknown when I can
look at the location of it with my own eyes; it takes the
curse off the mystery; but the stars are prosaic as com-
pared with the unfathomable underfoot; an unfathomable
volume, whose surface manifestations from time to time
mean life or death to the human race. Some day, so help
me Hannah, I’m going to poke a hole into this crust,
further than anyone has ever dreamed of going—except
in fiction!”

  “Then, as a matter of practicability, you’re biting off
a bigger chunk than any interplanetary dreamer. So
far as they’ve gone with the rocket idea of flight, there is
no engineering impossibility in traveling to the moon.
When some bright lad finds out how to do it and get
there alive, it may actually be done. But Lord, look at
what you’re up against to go even a few miles into the
crust.” I began to warm up to the subject a bit myself.

  “Suppose we take as a minimum weight for the sub-
surface rocks, one hundred and fifty pounds per cubic
foot; or for simplicity call it a hundred and forty-four
which gives one pound pressure per square inch for each
foot depth. At a mile you have over five thousand
pounds per square inch, which is crushing stress for
plenty of rocks. To get the crushing strength of steel,
you have only to go seventy thousand feet, or about
thirteen miles. At that depth practically any known
rock would flow. A few miles further and no known
material, in however small a tube, would keep a hole
open. Yet even there you will only have scratched the
orange peel, while thfe deepest holes ever actually sunk
have been about eight thousand feet—in a California oil-

field. Get down a thousand miles, and you have over
five million pounds per square inch! No one can guess in
what state matter would exist at that depth.

   “But we have not even bothered with the matter of
 temperatures. At such depths, provided the increase of
 temperature holds with accepted observations, any known
 substance could exist only as vapor, except under tre-
 mendous pressure. As to keeping an open hole—! No,
 George, you’d better turn your efforts in the direction of
 a journey to Mars, with the object of proving how un-
 imaginative the fictionists are. There’s at least some
 hope in that direction.”

   “And after all that verbiage,” George remarked sar-
 castically, “all you’ve said is that the job can’t be done
 with ordinary methods!”

   “Nor with any extraordinary ones conceivable to the
 mind of man!”

   “Of course you have bounded the infinite and un-
 screwed the inscrutable long since, with your engineer-,
 ing formulas and characteristics of materials. But I just
 have a dim shadow of an idea that there may be a totally
 different method of attack outside the realms of engineer-
 ing as now known—that there might be some way of
 holding back those pressures, of neutralizing those tem-
 peratures, with materials and energies yet to be de-
 veloped.”

   “Well,” I said, “there is one type of wall capable of
 standing such pressures—the ivall of an atom!’'

   George gazed at me solemnly, a kindling fire behind his
 eyeballs.

   “Gosh, that’s a thought 1”

It hadn’t occurred to me that it was; I felt flattered.
“All right, then,” I said, “when you get your trained
atom ready to sink to the center of the earth, and get
yourself comfortably seated on the nucleus, just call me
and I’ll come take a look!”

   That didn't register; George had obviously started off
 on some inner trail, dropping a portcullis behind him;
 and the conversation feebly petered out for lack of
 nourishment, until I gave it up and turned to on my
 books. George spent the rest of the evening mooning in
 a concentrated manner, and scratching aimless diagrams
 which occasionally approached a semblance of sense but
 never quite reached it.

   In succeeding days I became aware of the fact that
 that careless conversation had bitten deeper than I had
 anticipated; George had seen an opening into one of
 those fool problems which periodically engrossed his
 speculative attention, and I became slightly conscience-
 stricken over the heedless words which had led him to
 waste time on such a wild-goose chase.

   I became considerably more concerned at the beginning
 of the next semester, when he registered for an extra
 course in intra-atomic physics, while his reticence indi-
 cated that he was actually following up the dumb idea,
 but was taking no chances on being laughed at over it.

 I THINK that in course of time he would have gotten
 over it, but for an incident during our graduate year,

 -	which threw him back hard upon his hobby for an interest
 to keep on living by. His girl died. That doesn’t amount
 to so much these days ordinarily; but George’s life had
 been wrapped up in that girl for several years, without
 any apparent decrease of fervour—not that I could
 blame him—judging by what I knew of her. The shock
 quite jolted him loose from normal things, and tasting by
THE GIMLET

143

 experience the sweet forgetfulness which comes from
 intense concentration, he turned all his energies along
 the lines of his increasingly absorbing interest—appar-
 ently afraid to let himself think of other things. It was
 all a great grief to me; these real and deep attachments-
 like what the Victorian novelists used to write about—
 are so rare in these days of matings and partings as
 casual as those of cats on the back fence, that it seemed
 an intense pity that two, who could have known deeper
 things than ordinary people; should have been pried apart
 like that.

  Anyhow, even before the completion of our course,
George and I, though as friendly as ever, had drawn
markedly apart in mutuality of interests; and the sub-
sequent five years deepened the gap. I worked hard at
my profession in this and that hole and corner; George
went into the research laboratories of the Universal
Electric Corporation, relegating his old love, geology, to
second place. After four years of that, during which
one or two bright ideas had elevated him somewhat above
his contemporaries, but not to any special place of emi-
nence, he came into a wad by inheritance; I heard in-
directly that he then secured water rights on a High
Sierra stream and was building a private power house.

  Early in the spring^of the subsequent year, I was
startled to get a letter from him, inviting me to pay him
a few weeks’ visit at his mountain lodge near Huntington
■Lake, out from Bakersfield in the San Joaquin Valley. It
was about time for my vacation; I liked the mountains,
and along with the prospect of renewing a friendship,
which had been close once and might be again—together
with a goodly admixture of curiosity—I accepted quite
eagerly. I found George seemingly in good health, con-
siderably mellowed in manner and mannerisms by the
years, and glad to see me. It was obvious, however, that
the last of his college superficialities had gone; he was
very evidently a man whose life had turned inward,
ridden by some train of thought, whose intensity ren-
dered ordinary interests only moving shadows to him.

  I was much surprised at the magnitude of his power
plant; he had made some arrangement"with a power
company to pass their supply through his turbines and on
down-stream, and had a plant sufficient to supply a large
city. He was quite alone in the place. After a typical
mountain meal cooked by himself, he turned to other
matters.

  “I brought you here. Bill,” said he, “not merely to re-
new friendship, but to see my ‘trained atom!’ ”

  So! Then he had either actually worked out some-
thing—or was worse in need of a friend than he knew.
I did not feel easy; the expression of his face was too
intense, too absorbed.

  “Well! That’s interesting! Shoot—but load with
words of one syllable!”

  “You need not be quite so solicitous,” he smiled, eying
me keenly. “Or, anyway, save some of it for yourself.
I may as well go into the matter fully. It was your re-
minder of the ‘wall of an atom’ which started me on that
line—which is one reason you are here. I began to
think. The wall of an atom is capable of resisting any
pressure short of that found in some of the giant stars.
It is the kinetic force of the spinning electrons—together
with their magnetic fields, perhaps—which keeps the
nucleus isolated in a sort of vacuum—so far as matter
is concerned. Now the idea which struck me was,
suppose that one could create a sort of super-atom large

enough so that one could really ‘sit on the nucleus.’ One
Could then observe from inside as through a glass wall,
untouched by either pressure or vibrations from outside;
the whirling electron-shell would form a sort of diving-
bell, in which you could descend into molten rock at any
depth without harm.

  “But very simple calculations showed that the forma-
tion of such a super-atom, even if the procedure were
found, would require putting into the electrons more
energy than is found in the whole solar system. Nor
could any matter ever get into or out of it, once formed.
Then it struck me—suppose one could keep an opening in
it? And right along with that, came the idea that if an
opening could be maintained, the thing would not have
to be so large, because some very minute form of observ-
ing instrument could be inserted inside. This led logi-
cally to the conception of a cylindrical atom. The or-
dinary atom consists of a series of electrons whirling in
orbits inclined in numerous directions to one another
around a nucleus built of protons and some electrons for
most elements. The electron-shell is thus spherical. But
why not a cylindrical atom whose electrons would revolve
around a bar nucleus? If one could find some way of
disintegrating matter, the scattered protons and electrons
would instantly seek their affinities, forming new atoms
of various kinds. Supposing disintegration possible in
the first place, why could not the reaggregation be con-
trolled to form a new sort of atom? I conceived the
idea then of applying disintegrative forces to any matter
which was to be penetrated, meantime supplying a mag-
netic field of such nature as to cause each successive
group of electrons and protons to add themselves on to
a lengthening cylinder already established.

  FROM that point I began to get in earnest; it was
then I decided to spend all my spare time on intra-
atomic research. From the first the magnitude of the
problem was manifest. First, disintegration of matter
requires a tremendous input of energy, although the prac-
ticability of doing so within the limitation of available
energy may be admitted. Second, the nature of the tre-
mendously powerful field—magnetic, cohesive, gravita-
tional, whichever you want to call it—between the
nucleus and the electrons, was wholly unknown; is yet
except right here. Its equations had to be discovered,
worked out, and the means to control it found.

  “The huge size of the necessary atom was another
sticker. At first calculations it appeared that a hal f-inch
between the bar nucleus and the electron cylinder would
be the minimum possible in which power wires and per-
ceptive instruments could be inserted. Whether such
diameter would be practicable could only be determined
by finding out the underlying laws of atom-formation
and of the intra-atomic field. While I was accomplish-
ing a certain amount of progress, there came along Her-
singer’s admixture, which, applied to quartz glass, would
cause a rod of it to crystallize in such a manner that a
definite image could be transmitted through the rod, the
end crystal acting as the receptive lens. Thus one could
See quite clearly around a corner with such a rod; you
will remember that in the ‘twenties’ quite a bit of prac-
tical use began to be made of the light-transmitting
qualities of quartz glass. So I figured out that if one
could push a cylindrical atom into the earth, keeping
inside of it beside the nucleus an image-transmitting
quartz rod, and another plain rod to carry light down
144

AMAZING STORIES

from the top, one could magnify the image at the top
and get any information he wanted as to the nature of
the material passed—so far as sight goes. I was further
helped by the contemporary discovery in the Universal
Laboratories of the new alloy which was given the trade
name of ‘conductium’—a substance of such nature that
a microscopic thread will carry electric currents which
used to require heavy copper wires. As you know, it
revolutionized electrical power transmission.

  “Putting together a few of my own ideas with every-
thing developed year by year by twenty or so of the great
scientists, who were working along atomic problems, I
finally discovered what appeared to be the key field-
equation. I knew how to create an atom of any size—
next thing was to do it! The observing apparatus, I
found, could be carried down a tube not over an eighth-
inch in diameter. The size of the power lines of conduc-
tium would of course depend on the size of the atom, as
well as upon the rate at which one expected to disinte-
grate matter and add to the length of the cylindrical atom.
I figured that about the minimum length of time I wanted
to spend on reaching the center of the earth—4000 miles
—was five years, or eight hundred miles per year. That
figures to about two and a fifth miles per day, which
would also be slow enough to make full observations of
the material passed. Finally I worked out that the ne'ces-
sary rate of disintegration for a one-eighth inch cylinder,
would allow of the transmitting wires to be put in the
same size cylinder. Thus the final picture was a cylinder
an eighth-inch across, revolving around a bar nucleus, with
two conductium threads and two tiny quartz glass rods
spaced around the nucleus. The glass would have to be
drawn by special apparatus at the top and lowered as
the end of the cylinder grew.

  “Of course, I had no idea of putting into the electrons
even a millionth of the kinetic energy, which they would
contain; it was simply a matter of teasing them into
leaving their original orbits and jumping into the new
ones, retaining all their energy. That was a matter first
of jolting them loose from their original locations and
furnishing a field which would guide them into the new.
The apparatus to supply that field, fed by the conductium
wires, is quite microscopic, very complex, and along lines
which I couldn’t describe, because I couldn’t understand
it myself, if I hadn’t lived with this problem for five
years.”

“TJUT how about the tremendous energy released by
JO breaking up the atoms? I thought it had been
calculated that it would be enough to blow the planet to
powder.”

 “Bosh! Millikan showed as long ago as 1928 that
atom-formation is a power-emitting process; though in
spite of that a lot of misguided idiots persist in talking
about using ‘atomic energy.’ If you want to get explo-
sive power out of matter, you will have to do it by mak-
ing atoms, not by breaking them—a very wise provision
of nature against human foolishness; nature having like-
wise thoughtfully omitted to supply any atom-making
materials. In fact, I have to use a God-awful amount of
power at the end of my tube; that increases the kinetic
energy of the atoms attacked, just enough to spring them
out of their orbits to where they are caught and held by
the end-protons of the bar nucleus. The big problem was
to furnish a cylindrical field, the normal atomic field
being spherical.

   "So far so good; but when I got to practical applica-
 tions I found I’d hardly started. In the first place, the
 huge diameter of my cylinder, almost astronomical in
 comparison with a normal atom, made about the same
 difference in the nature of the field as there is between
 _ the field of a kid’s magnet and the gravitational field of
 the sun. Following some preliminary experiments, I
 had to figure out a new set of field equations, which were
 neither fish, flesh, nor fowl, so far as any previous ideas
 'were concerned. My atom is really a pseudo-atom—a
 mechanical device rather than an atomic one. Then the
 effect of the transmitting wires and rods had to be taken
 into consideration.

   “The ordinary atom has no such gadgets between its
 nucleus and shell; and I found that condition to be an-
 other monkey-wrench in the machinery. Then came the
 question: will an electron-shell, dense enough to stand
 such great pressures, also transmit the light necessary
 for observations? And if it transmitted the light, would it
 not also transmit enough heat to destroy the apparatus?
 Well, I found that the transmissive qualities could be
 modified by varying the handling of the field; and I ar-
 rived at a density which would keep out matter, transmit
 light, and keep out dangerous heat. But I also found
 that light transmitted through the inner field of an atom
 is something very different from light through space.
 That led to some chemical research and modifications of
 the quartz lens. I finally had to run some extra conduc-
 tium thread through the quartz and introduce an appara-
 tus to modify the light rays in order to get a correct pic-'
 ture. That was penultimate; the final step was to verify
 the accuracy of the work by pushing the cylinder down
 to known strata and examining the transmitted picture
 of the rock texture for comparison. After a long
 struggle I got a true image; and—the probe is ready for
 the patient. Want to see?”

   I did—not unnaturally. We passed through an echo-
 ingly silent power-house to a small room, doored some-
 what like a bank vault, with immensely thick walls.
 George explained that not only was this the case, but
 that some of his apparatus was mounted on special
 foundation materials to eliminate earth fremors and vi-
 brations from the power-house. The center of the room
 was occupied by a large bakelite fitting, into which en-
 tered three very heavy insulated cables. The inside of
 the fitting was so thoroughly boxed off that I.£Ould guess
 nothing of the details.

   "It isn’t an ordinary current that I use—in any sense,”
 explained George. "And it isn’t used in an ordinary
 way. To expose any of the carrying fittings to the air
 would be dangerous; anyway, I’ve got uses ahead for
 this thing when I get done with the present job, and I
 don’t wish to expose it to any unnecessary publicity. See
 those wires?”

   Three tiny filaments of conductium dropped from the
 fitting through a minute hole in the concrete floor, accom-
 panied by thin quartz glass rods; they did not occupy as
 much space as an ordinary copper power wire of medium
 size. I saw nothing peculiar about them, except that

 •	now and then I sensed an evanescent bluish haze which
 seemed to surround them.

   “Take a swing at them with this,” he said, handing me
 a heavy steel bar, "but watch your fingers!” I looked
 at him questioningly. It seemed like a rather pointless
 destruction of apparatus which, whether worth anything
 or not, must have taken time and money to produce.
THE GIMLET

145

  "Go ahead!” said George. Moved by curiosity and
the little imp of destruction which nests in every human
breast, I did so, putting plenty of vinegar into the wallop,
while I was at it. The bar clanged across the room, re-
bounding from something which gave me the impression
of greater solidity than anything I’d ever encountered;

I nursed my stinging fingers and swore with devotion,
while George went off into heartier laughter than I had
seen him exhibit since his tragedy.

  "That was my atom you hit,” he elucidated. “My
little, fragile, eighth-inch atom!” I looked at the faint
bluish glint more in awe than in anger. Of course; a
thing which figured to stand earth-core pressures would
hardly be phased by the application of a mere steel bar,
however vigorous. A queer feeling stole over me; it was
incredibly before my eyes, that George had done the
thing he had set for himself. I felt like one who has
dreamed of seeing a foreign country all his life, his
pictures thereof becoming so flavored with the dream-
feeling, that he cannot immediately sense the reality of
its first-seen shores. The odd, weird foreboding which I
then began to sense, and subsequently never quite lost,
was not very rational; but even so, it was but a puny
ptophetic measure of what later came to pass.

THE quartz glass rods extended through and above
the fitting, into an apparatus fitted with a large lens,
through which the light, after passing, was directed at a
tall, thin ground glass screen about five feet high and six
inches across.-, Back of the lens apparatus stood what
looked like an electric furnace, mounted on a standard
in such wise that it could be swung sideways. At one
side of the glass stood a powerful microscope, likewise
mounted, and on tables around the room, was an assort-
ment of gadgets, with some of which I never did get
particularly acquainted. They were added to from time
to time during the odd months which followed.

  “Gosh!” I remarked. "How far have you sent it
down ?”

  "Only about three hundred feet so far. I just wanted
to make sure it was all right before I got you to watch the
actual tryout. It’s like a show-—you never can really en-
joy one alone.” The note in his voice on the word
“alone” struck me rather sadly ; a thought passed across
my mind that there was a little morbidity here.

  George threw a guarded switch, and the air began to
hum faintly but pervasively. Upon the ground glass an
image appeared. I stepped curiously around and in-
spected it. It was the perfect representation of the
texture of granite, magnified about two hundred di-
ameters. The rods glowed brightly.

  "About a foot from the bottom,” George explained,
"the receiving lens of the quartz rod is turned toward
the wall of the 'atom.’ That gives me an image about a
thirty-second of an inch in diameter, which is magnified
on the screen as you see. The great clearness is due to
the quality of the light, which I am able to transmit
through the other rod. If I want a closer examination, I
just swing the microscope into position to inspect the
back of the screen, and can magnify the rock texture to
nearly any size I please. So I not only have a unique ‘
scheme on the whole, but a system for mineralogical ex-
ploration which rather goes beyond anything yet, so far
as the microscopic end is concerned. . However, I’ve
never been able to get a start on bringing actual samples
to the top. Everything inside the ‘atom’ shell is de-

  stroyed during the re-creation process, and I can’t get
anything through it afterward—you know that; you’ve
just tried it!” he grinned.

■	“I think, though, that microscopic and spectroscopic
examinations will give me everything worth knowing
about anything I strike.” Ah, how tragically inadequate
did that idea turn out to be!

  George hoisted the apparatus up until the image fell
near the top of the screen; then pulled another switch.
The lens traveled rapidly down along with its image
until near the bottom; there was a click, the lens rose
again to the top, minus the quartz glass rods; the furnace
thing swung around, engaged with the lens machine,
then clicked away again, leaving the rods restored; then
the lens ran down again. The whole cycle took about
thirty seconds for the five feet, or two inches per second,
which gave time for a watch on the texture thrown on the
screen. In case of anything unusual or interesting, the
thing could be stopped for a detailed examination.
Meantime the observer could sit quietly and watch the
business go on automatically.

  Enthralled, we spent the entire night watching the
passing strata, the tip of the atom by morning being
nearly eight thousand feet down, having been in mo-
notonous igneous rock for the last two thousand or
so, after passing through numerous interesting but not
remarkable stratifications. George then sprung a new
one. He set in place a compact little movie camera,
mounted on another of those sliding standards, and elec-
trically driven. It synchronized with the vertical motion
of the lens, automatically recording the image thrown on
the screen.

  “Whenever I am away from the apparatus,” he said,
“I just set this going. Then, when I come back, I have .the
image automatically projected an another screen, keeping
an eye on both at once. If it should turn out that I
missed anything special while away, the lens at the end
of the rod could be raised back to that level for closer
examination. Otherwise I would have to hire two
trained observers to help me, or miss about two-thirds
of the scenery.”

  “And just what do^ you expect to find on this long
range tour?”

  “I expect to find more or less interesting minerals, and
maybe some valuable geological information, for about
two thousand miles down. After that I am carefully not
expecting anything, because whatever I expect, it will
be different.” Well; his foresight was good, but his
estimate of distance not so good.

  On this occasion I stayed with him two weeks, during
which time the probe went to about thirty-five miles
without encountering much of great interest except two
pockets of white-hot matter. The combination of great
heat and pressure produced some spectroscopic modifica-
tions which no doubt were very interesting to profes-
sional physicists, but meant little to me. The material
was ordinary molten magma.

BACK at njy own business, pondering from time to
to time over what had been accomplished, it dawned
upon me gradually that erratic old George had come to
be one of the foremost, if not the foremost, in the land
of science. To say nothing of the wonderful possibili-
ties in practical application to subsurface exploration, he
must have mastered not only everything hitherto known
of atomic physics, but about twice as much more. Had
146

AMAZING STORIES

I been in his place, I would by this time have been lectur-
ing to vast audiences and organizing mining companies
on an entirely new scale, instead of soberly poking day
by day further into the earth’s monotonous, innards.

  So I went on about my business, determining more
and more to make real use of George, when he got over
his present experiment. I sounded him out gently on the
subject once or twice, but got no rise, and decided to
let the fever run its course, though keeping in fairly
close touch. The atomic drill bit on and on until the
second year and the eight hundredth mile were reached.
Then things began to liven up. George had been busy
most of his time digging into new applications of spec-
troscopic analysis, that and the microscope being the only
means by which he could penetrate the wall of his “atom,”
which shut him off from contact with the rocks a hun-
dredth of an inch away as effectually as the starry reaches
of space withhold the astronomer from burning his
fingers on Betelguese. In the course of time he found a
means of measuring not only the heat of the rocks, but
the pressure on them. Both heat and pressure had gone
according to Hoyle for about five hundred miles, being
almost incalculable at that depth. One thing he had
wanted to find—whether the rock was liquid at such
depths—he had not been able to determine. In fact, the
word had no meaning under such pressures and tem-
peratures. No doubt a fragment of solid suddenly
transferred from that depth to the surface would have
exploded instantly into incandescent vapor. But even
the glowing materials occasionally found at first, ceased.
Evidently the atoms of the material down there were
held under such pressure that they could not radiate
light.

  But at five hundred miles the story began to change.
The monotonous character of the rocks altered, giving
way to metals more and more; the lighter metals, of
course, came first, then heavier and heavier, without
any definite demarcations. But also about this time both
temperature and pressure ceased to follow the old rules
of increase. They began to grow less rapidly.. And
when at nine hundred miles nearly everything had dis-
appeared except such heavy stuff as platinum, lead, and
gold, George began to get feverish; and for that matter,
so did I. Being his only confidant, he called me in to
check up his analyses, and particularly his calculations of
the weight of the earth derived from the strata en-
countered. This last was positively disquieting. The
weight of rock per cubic inch had increased measurably
for a long time past, owing to the great compression.
The same was true of these metals. But even with the
old weights, the mass of the earth figured out to be
many times what any scientist had calcidated it. And it
was a cinch that the gold and the rest were not floating on
some lighter metal; if anything, the material would go
on getting heavier. It even appeared reasonable to sup-
pose that there would be just so much gold, and that
then we might find some new element much heavier.

  At this point the thing began to haunt me. It was evi-
dent that we were on the track of something which would
upset the science of celestial mechanics in some direction
or other—provided we could get someone to take stock
enough in the stuff to check up on it. Pressure and tem-
perature increase continued to slack off until the thou-
sand mark was reached. At that point or thereabouts they
were at their maximum but had been nearly there for
some time previous.

A FEW weeks later I got a hurry call from George.
“Come quick never mind job going nuts i
think,” he wired. I don’t know just what I expected
to find, but anyway, what I did find was startling from
one point of view and prosaic for another. He handed
me the reproduction of a spectrum. “Mull over that
while you eat,” said he, “and see what you make of it.”
“Mull” was the word. The thing didn’t resemble any-
thing I had ever seen; and in the course of my mix-up
with George, II had absorbed a lot of spectroscopic lore.
George wouldn’t elucidate. He said that he wanted to
see whether I saw the same thing he did; so I found
myself up against several hours of stiff study,during
which he watched me eagerly, albeit wearily. Finally
there drifted across my mind one of those feelings of
something just beyond the grasp of comprehension. I
groped after it painfully for quite a while, then I too
saw. “But there ain’t no such animal!” I said.

  “Well,” grinned George, relieved, “since we both see
it, I guess there is; that is, if the calculus of probabilities
still works! I’m beginning to doubt the accuracy of
everything from mathematics on down 1”

  “But an atomic number of seven thousand, three hun-
dred and forty-seven!’’ I gasped.

  “Divide by ninety-three,” he smiled, “then see if it
looks easier!” I did.

  “But that’s the atomic number of gold!”

  “Just so.”

  “I can’t make any sense out of that!”

  “Well, the last time I looked at the screen there was
another on it; try that one.”

  Two more hours of labor elapsed, and there lay on the
paper the mystic number, “7626.”

  “Do the same thing to that,” he said.

  “Lead!” I gasped.

  “Yes! All right; now write your own answer to the
conundrum! What material has an atomic number of
93?”

“^Vhy, that’s the beginning of the transuranium series,
supposed to be found in the interior of the stars and to
make up about 98 per cent of the matter of the universe !”
“In other words, we have before us the gold and lead
correspondents in a series where the atomic number of
the hydrogen correspondent would be 93, or just one
beyond uranium, the highest known atomic number!”
George leaned back with a tired but relieved sigh.
“Well, it takes a load off my brain cell to know that
there are two of us, anyway. Now just take your little
pencil and figure the weight of the earth according to the
new dope.”

  I didn’t care to just then. The whole thing was
getting a bit beyond me; I had a feeling of—well, almost
of the supernatural, as though we were pushing beyond
the boundaries of the allowable universe. I couldn’t
feel that I would ever walk on the face of the earth with
a sense of familiarity again. What other weird mysteries
did its tame countenance hide? As to the weight—in a
dim way there crossed my mind the feeling that it would
be more than the solar system had been believed to be.

  Suddenly I sat up in more alarm.

•	“Ah,” said George ^contentedly; “I see it struck you
too!”

  “You mean—the drill is now going through a lighter
element ?”

  “Yes—it passed out of gold into hyper-gold; now it
is in hyper-lead, the lighter element.”
THE GIMLET

147

  “Just as though it has passed the core of the earth?”

  A strange medley of half-baked conjectures flocked
chaotically through my mind. What was that about
Einstein . . . Einstein . . . the curvature of space . . .
matter in space. ... Ah! Now I.had it! The Einstein
theory stated, first, that matter in space brought about a
special curvature; second, that three-dimensional space
itself was curved in a hyper-space. Was it not quite
possible then, that the presence of such vastly heavy
substance brought about a curvature, which shortened
the earth’s diameter to about half? The idea comforted
me, because solid mathematics seemed able to get some
grasp on it. God knows it was weird enough to think
of a globe with a circumference six times instead of three
times its diameter; but it was better than the formless
ghosts which had begun to troop into my mind from
outer space. If I’d really known Einstein practically,
I would not have had even that temporary stabilization.
Would to heaven the problem had been so simple!

  I was rather glad to get away next day and bury
myself in more mundane matters; though obviously
what I had lost in complacency, George had gained
in the comfort of knowing that someone else saw the
same things, and that if the thing was a hallucination,
it was a double one.

THE story of the next year was a continuance of
the experience; element after element was pene-
trated exhibiting the same succession in reverse order,
which had been encountered on the way down, but all
showing that multiplication of the atomic numbers of
surface elements. The incredible stupidity into which
the strange experiences had bludgeoned my brain may
be measured by the fact that I did not realize for a month
that the drill could not be approaching the other surface;
otherwise the world would be an entity lopsided to an
incredible degree, because of the difference in weight!

  Again the sense of a haunting ghost just beyond the
grasp of the mind began to disturb me; again and again
an explanation seemed to be at hand, but always mock-
ingly retreated into the shadowy recesses of my cerebrum.
Broaching this to George, I found that he had never
for a moment felt that the explanation lay anywhere in
the sane mathematics of Einstein or of anyone else.
He had simply ceased to speculate upon any explanation,
and concentrated for the sake of sanity on driving his
machine onward with the utmost possible speed, and upon
working out a chemistry and physics for this new world
of matter. From time to time we discussed the possi-
bility of calling in some scientific authorities; but for
various reasons never came to the point. Principally, I
think, because we felt an intense desire to have a com-
pleted job to present; also partly because, without a sen-
sible explanation, we would never be able to get scientists
to investigate far enough to convince themselves that
it was not all a fake.

  Finally the time arrived when premonitions of an ap-
proaching surface—by correspondential phenomena—
began to show up. I took leave from my job and stayed
with George, both of us practically living on tiptoe,
hardly eating or sleeping enough to keep sane. We no'
longer left the recording of any part of the tale to the
automatic movie, but stood watch and watch, four hours
at a time.

  It was in the middle of my watch off,-on-one of the
those cloudy, lowering, mysterious nights when any-

thing seems possible, that I roused wildly out of a heavy
lethargy to become conscious of George’s frantic grasp.

  "Bill, shake out of it! For God’s sake make it snappy!”
he yelled.

  Yanking a bathrobe around my shoulders, I stumbled
sleepily and somewhat terrified, to the little room. I
think that I would have been prepared for anything
except what I saw. Gigantic caverns populated with
strange monsters; the very flames of Hades, I think,
would not have been so disconcerting.

  He had some time since rigged a screen covering a
whole wall of the room, and introduced much improved
magnifying apparatus, so that the lens could now be
stopped down and an image ten feet square thrown. Such
an image now rested on the screen; and if we had not
known that it emanated from some source two thousand
miles below our feet, it would really have seemed quite
prosaic. As it was, its very seeming familiarity produced
most of its terrifying weirdness. On the screen, then,
lay a starlit nightscape. Under a glare of stars brighter
than any familiar to us, lit as by moonlight on a moder-
ately bright night, rolled a sweep of barren land, relieved
by dim, gigantically high, mystically glamorous moun-
tains in the far distance. With a great effort of will, we
steadied ourselves, took seats and began to try to observe
rationally.

  The equality of the sky and the light struck us first.
The stars were really of the quality of planets—myriads
of them. They seemed to swim in some medium, rather
than to be suspended in space. It was as though the
whole of this strange space possessed a sort of crystalline
viscosity; the stars and the air—if there was air—seemed
alive. But the dim land itself, upon which nothing stirred,
seemed to have such aloof, distant remoteness as is felt
in those dreams where one seems to be traversing some
infinite plain all alone in the Universe. It brought with
it terror, the terror of utter loneliness, but mingled with
it a strange, wild attraction; an attraction such as might
be extended by the infinitudes of interstellar space to
one miraculously made free of them. And as we grew
calmer, and the image remained on the screen without
alteration in any respect, there came a deep, seductive,
insidiously pervasive sense of peace. Not the peace of
temporarily satisfied desire, of ambition achieved, or of
mental and physical comfort, but peace such as might
be felt by one forever done with all mortal strivings, and
attuned to changeless infinity and eternity.

  It was not such a feeling as I had ever experienced
and imagined; and I felt as though, were I to sit there
much longer, I would be drawn out of all normal experi-
ence and character. Feeling a growing desire to yield
and let that strange enticement take me whither it would,
I jerked myself out of the spell with a strong effort and
began to study details again, in an attempt to regain
a scientific attitude of mind.

OTUDYING the constellations, I saw about the fainter
^ ones a queer familiarity, which puzzled me the more
I tried to fathom it. Turning to George, I saw him sit-
ting, rapt, with an expression which impressed me eerily.
He was leaning forward, gazing at the picture as though
his soul were about to climb out of his eyes. There was
a look of mental and moral hunger about his face which
shocked me, and I realized that the strange attraction
which I had shaken off had gone much further with him.
I shook him.
148

AMAZING STORIES

  “George! Do you recognize the constellations ?”

  He turned to me half-dazed, half-angry, sat up and
pulled himself out of it.

  “Of course not—but wait! Yes; there is some-
thing ... something or other ... by Gosh!” His lethargy
fell off like a cloak.

  “Mirror-images!”

  “Yes. But it’s a mirror-image of the whole sky, the
constellations are reversed in their relations to one
another.”

  “It’s more than that; what about the sizes?”

  How shall I describe the effect upon our minds when
we finally comprehended that it Was as though we looked
upon our entire galaxy from an infinite distance away—
from outside it entirely? That in this lorn sky that
galaxy, faint in comparison with the rest, occupied but
a small space, and not formed as a globe which one sees
from a side only, but as though the galaxy were spread
out on a sort of Mercator’s projection?

  We even thought we could pick out and see our
familiar sun—a distant star!

  For long moments we sat motionless, looking at one
another "with a wild surmise, silent upon a peak in
Darien!”

  Finally, “Let’s get out of here and take a sedative!”
said George. “My brain’s going!”

  We stalled around for an hour next morning, clink-
ing our saucers, uselessly stirring our cold coffee, and
doing a thousand and one foolish little familiar things to
help anchor us to the humdrum, and postpone the stress
and strain of a renewed grapple with the Unknown.
Finally we had to come to it, however, and the last few
feet could not be passed fast enough.: What kind of dawn
would have overspread that dim land in the interim?
But there was no dawn. That mysterious landscape
lay stretched without change above or below, in a star-
lit night which we now began to recognize was eternal.
And with that thought came again that mysterious,
terrifying seduction of peace, silence, and utter quiet.
We busied ourselves with a bit of scientific analysis—
I know of nothing which will take the glamor off any-
thing quicker than that. We ran the drill on for a
ways, whicli quickly determined that this landscape was
reversed with respect to our own—that its mountains
towered away from our feet. This was evident from the
fact that the point of view rose in the air as the drill
proceeded; without, however, vouchsafing any more in-
formation. We continued this until it became evident
that all we would get would be more of the same, with
a progressive dimming due to the growing height above
the surface. Fearful of losing what we had, and appre-
hensive as to whether anything further could be encoun-
tered—certainly to all visual evidence we would be going
on out into infinite space—we stopped the thing at about
seven hundred feet, which turned out to be the final
physical limit of the wild enterprise.

  The day was spent largely in spectroscopic analyses.
Investigations of this kind, carried out with feverish
intensity, served to keep us from thinking and to stabilize
our minds considerably. But every additional bit of in-
formation gained, but added another brick to the prison
wall of incomprehension, against which we were batter-
ing our bruised brain-pans in vain.

  At last, tired out, we faced one another across the
table, too excited and nervous to go to sleep, too wearied
.for further experiment, and up against an impasse with

nothing to grasp even as the merest handhold upon some
line of ratiocination.

   “George,” I said, “this is altogether out of our depth.
We’ve got to have talent and lots of it—or we’ll soon
be having a brainsmith tinkering with our works. Milli-
kan is hale and hearty; Einstein isn’t in his dotage yet;
Eddington and the rest of the Englishmen are holding
forth as usual; how about it?”

  “Uh!” he grunted. “Remember Galileo?”

  “Bosh! Tliey don’t burn people any more for scien-
tific heresy!”

  “No, not people! Only their ears! How about Nodon,
Cazzamali, and Clark; even Dr. Osborne? Bill, know-
ing the scientific men that you do, would you risk your
reputation and livelihood in trying to get those men
to look at this thing? Or having gotten them to do so,
could you convince them that it was anything but a
clever fake?”

T PONDERED deeply, running over in my mind
A the many scientific controversies with which I had
been familiar. Comparing our present situation with that
of any discoverers of the past, it came to me that almost
never had a discovery been accepted, even by the most
open-minded men, unless it in some way were confined
to the status of an extension, a modification, or correc-
tion of an idea previously accepted. To present seriously
that which would immediately toss into the discard every
accepted basis of scientific thought, except possibly in
chemistry, and would expose our whole conception of
the Universe as being as arrant a dream as the Ptolemaic

system-! I thought of the years of sweating days

and studious nights which had now brought me within
reaching distance of a real place in my profession; I
thought of the children and wife, whose future hung
so on my continued advance; I thought of the polite,
half-hidden smiles of my colleagues and superiors, of
the many courteous but effective ways in which oppor-
tunity is blocked for anyone suspected of being a bit
erratic in the head, and consequently of doubtful re-
liability for sober and responsible enterprise. It was
just a bit too much for my courage, and I told George
so; beginning to wonder how many times, in such a
tricky universe, other bold adventurers like him had
encountered some hinder side of the mask of things;
had so encountered, and, like me, had prudently kept
silent; or had been foolish enough to speak and in behalf
of accepted sanity had been browbeaten and kicked into
silence, or charitably immured in institutions where their
ravings could not flutter the veils of our comfortable
illusions. And the more I thought, the more determined
I became.

   “But,” said George, “so far as I am concerned, there
is more than that in it. Somehow I just don’t want that
world discussed; I don’t want it—profaned.” And I
could share with him at least a substantial part of the
feeling.

   It is strange how adaptable the mind is. Within two
weeks, though certainly the mad enigma did'not become
prosaic, we were learning to live with it in some com-
•fort; we at least ceased to let it dash off with our brains
on mad chases which exhausted us and left us at the
starting point. I left then, and a month later received
by mail the semi-final glimmer of rational light which
was ever thrown into that tenebrous universe.

  “The only trace of a path out,” wrote George, “is
THE GIMLET

149

furnished by Einstein’s theory of the curvature of space
due to-the presence of matter in it. If space is capable
of curvature, it must lie within a hyperspace; if so it
must be dimensional. Its curvature guides the progress
of heavenly bodies, therefore it must be capable of
resistance—inertia. And it is not hard to imagine that
in relation to hyperspace it has also mass of some kind.
Mass, inertia, dimensionality—do not those words spell
matter? But if space is material, then why not any num-
ber of spaces lying side by side in hyperspace, each
with its own laws, its own matter, its own boundaries,
which no vibration from within may cross? Is it not a
corollary of Einstein that a straight line, the flight of a
ray of light, for instance, following the curvature of
space, returns to the point of its source, unable to pass
the boundary of space? Suppose then that by some in-
comprehensible means we have penetrated into another
space than ours. Our laws of radiation need not neces-
sarily exist there, nor any of our measures of time or dis-
tance; the hidden universe we have on view might be
contained within a speck of our matter; yet comprise,
on its own scale of magnitude, distances far greater than
any in the universe viewable from the surface of earth.
Since the measure of magnitudes in any space are as
real as those in any other, space enclosed within our earth
might be really as well as theoretically vaster than any
we have measured without. When the boundaries of a
space are passed, such relations as ‘the whole is greater
than its parts’ cease to have meaning.”

  This, thought I, is verily Einstein squared—or per-
haps with the square root extracted.

BUT I still had some cerebral cells of my own func-
tioning, and I replied:

  “Well and good; but am I to suppose that this one
globe has such a trans-spacial center, and none other
has it? Or that every heavenly body has such a center?
Where would be the sense or reason in such a mad, wild
scheme? Causality has been traced in every working
of the cosmos; but where is the systematic development
of natural law to result in such an order of things? And
above all, what is the meaning of that distant view of our
galaxy, seen from inside the earth?”

  “Did you ever stop to think,” he wrote back, “that
perhaps there are only two divisions of space, with a
single boundary between them ? That such a boundary
would be limitless in Euclidean measurement, and that
the only limitless area we know of is the surface of a
sphere? That perhaps a thousand miles within our earth
lies the boundary between an inner and outer space bal-
anced against one another, archetype of the eternal op-
posing pairs of forces which keep the universe in being,
and that on our side is an accumulation of our matter
resting upon the boundary, upon the other side an ac-
cumulation of that matter? Can you imagine that the
limited sphericity of our globe is merely the manner in
which finite minds represent to themselves the limitless
surface of our space, and that in reality that space is no
more enclosed or inner than ours is ?

  “If so, you can then perhaps take the next step—
imagine that the objects of the one universe ar £ reflected
in the ether of the other. Since your visit, I have gone
far in the spectroscopy of the stars in the other world,
and I find them constituted like the matter of earth.
That means that while our stars are transuranic prin-
cipally, and our earth mundane, those stars are mundane,

and the earth over which they soar, transuranic! Further
than that, I have located in a far-distant point of the
Milky Way, the miniature constellations of the ‘inner’
universe!”

  Verily, I began to appreciate the feelings of those
who threatened Galileo! Nothing on earth could ever
be the same to me, or quite sane again, in face of such
ghastly enigmas! It was in vain' that I struggled for
equilibrium. Why, if George were on the right track,
centuries of devoted scientific labor had but landed us back
in the midst of the old geocentric system, delineating us
earth-dwellers as privileged inhabitants of the unique lo-
cation in the universe—the boundary between its two
halves! Once more the stars and the sun were hung in the
heavens as lamps to light the crawling footsteps of man
alone! There was at one and the same time a horrifying
spaciousness about this conception, and a smothering con-
striction, which was most indescribable.

  I came gradually, but firmly, to the resolve that, come
what might, so far as I was concerned this secret would
be guarded from mankind with my life. Meantime I
felt the greatest eagerness for resolution of the questions
as to the origin and-, destiny of the stars and their true
relation to our earth; the place and magnitude of our
planets, the rotations of the sun; why if the surface of
our earth were really limitless, we had but measured
upon it the area of the surface of a sphere eight thousand
miles in diameter; and a thousand and one other throng-
ing conundrums.

  There were times when George and I together seemed
almost on the track of solutions; but when I remembered
that we were facing, alone and poorly equipped, the
equivalent of all the problems which had busied astrono-
mers since the days of Galileo, I despaired of any real
progress in my lifetime; and ere long the last flicker of
hope for further knowledge guttered out. For half a
year after the discovery, George had been busy with
investigation, calculation, and cogitation; but as time
went on there crept into his communications a great
mental weariness and apathy. That was natural enough;
but I sensed by and by there was something in it more
than a mere physical reaction.

  His communications began to show a disquieting strain
of mysticism; suggestions of a great longing to enter into
the shadow region in a more literal way, and strange
hints which did not easily connect up with the normal and
natural. I began to feel a serious concern; and several
times I planned to return to the Sierras to try to effect an
influence upon him in which my letters seemed to fail.
But I was frustrated by business demands which could
not be denied, although tormented by a growing anxiety.

A T last one day I found my fingers trembling as I
received from the carrier a thick envelope; a fore-
boding came over me, and it was with a great effort that
I got the packet open.

  “Bill,” began the communication, “I may as well break
it with the first words. When you get this, I will be
gone. No, not suicide! I am not that sort of coward.
But years ago I guess I lost the main anchor. The great
discovery and the events connected with it put new life
into me and let me forget-—other things. Lately, how-
ever, it has become clear that I will never learn any more
of the new world by scientific means—and, oh, you can
never guess the irresistible, ungodly longing to enter into
its shadowy, eternal peace, which has grown upon me
150

AMAZING STORIES

from the first! Of late, things have changed in strange
ways, too. Hints of realities I could not get through
physical means have begun to come to me in other ways
as I watched the vision on the screen; faintly, at first,
then clearer and clearer.

  “There is life there, Bill! Not life as you and I have
thought of it, but life which sees and feels through the
stones and the stars; motionless, changeless life, of
which, so help me, we mortals may become part. The
ancients were right; that realm lies not merely the other
side of a thousand miles each of earthly and transuranic
matter, but the other side of death! I am fast passing
thither, and it is only a matter of days; but I have made
provision for the complete destruction of the plant and
laboratory, burying the latter under hundreds of feet of
earth blasted from the hillside. The ‘atom’ cannot be
pulled out or driven down by any human power; but I
know now that it is unlawful for any human eye to look
down that rashly driven tube, nor is it well for others to
guess what we have seen. Therefore—burial.

   “So soon as I write this, I shall be moved to the hospi-
-tal in Bakersfield, leaving a time mechanism to effect the
destruction. I will make arrangements for this letter to
reach you only after I have gone ; for I do not want you
to come to see me, and have to meet in your eyes the pity-
ing accusation of madness. I have left to you the sizable
remnant of my fortune, in trust for the purpose of help-
ing to so educate humanity that when in the course of
years—ages, perhaps—it dawns upon man that things are
not what they seem, and that for reality he must look
ever within himself and never outward, that realization
will bring madness to as few as may be! Good-bye,
Bill!”

  Poor George! How utterly alone I felt, crushed by the
weight of knowledge I must carry silently to the grave—
to the inner universe! Now, what madness was this—
was I also raving? The ancients—what were the an-
cients right about? Reminiscences of forgotten mytho-
logical studies floated into my mind, took shape, and
stood before me stark. Why, of all religions, Chris-
tianity alone had taught the skies to be the abode of the
fortunate dead! The Greeks had their afterworld below
—in the realm of shadows! There also was the Egyptian
Amenti. And did not the Hopi Indians sing in memory
of those who had taken “The Trail of all Trails—the
Trail to Those Below?”

  I Shook myself loose from this train of thought, and
for sanity’s sake began a rational consideration of the
weird melange. What a fool I was! George had studied
mythology as well as I; he may have forgotten the old
eschatologies consciously, but his subliminal self had not.
Sapped by an enduring grief, normal earthly appetites
weakened, worn by the battering disappointment pre-
sented by the new universe he had discovered, torn by the
longing generated by a world of mystery into which he
could never physically enter, he had weakened pari passu
mind and body; had dreamed dreams and seen visions
in that state where the inner vision becomes pliable to the
wish; forgotten mythic lore had crept stealthily upon his
weakness from the unguarded recesses of the older, the
irrational mind, which is the heritage of man, be he ever
so modern; and 'facilis descensus! And so, a mind
which could have been of incalculable service to man, had
been dragged into useless destruction by an overstrong
imaginative genius harnessed to many unconscious weak-
nesses.

  The End

 Synthetic

By Charles Cloukey

   (Continued from page 138)

second to spare he put his throttle on and the gray and my watch. Less than eight minutes had passed since I

green comet crashed into the white destroyer. They fell
together in a twisted mass of metal and flames. It was
the only possible way he could have stopped the white
plane from passing the third time over the ship that
carried her whom the synthetic man loved. I looked at

had taken off, yet it seemed an eternity.

 The cabin plane landed safely.

 Bob Nelson’s life was short, and his death glorious.
 As I stood there it came to me clearly, beyond the shadow
 of a doubt, that the synthetic man had a soul.

The End

OUT APRIL 20th!

Spring Edition, Amazing Stories Quarterly

Containing the Following Scientifiction:

            Reclaimers of the Ice, by Stanton A. Coblentz
            Dragons of Space, by A ladra Septama
            The Flying Threat, by David H. Keller, M.D.

          The Red Ray, by Dan Fabers

On Sale at ail Newsstands or Direct from
Experimenter Publications, Inc., 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City
 I] This short story is particularly
 apropos at this time, when investi-
 gators are being sent out to see what
 can be done about lessening the noise
 in the city. It is doubtful, however,
 what benefits would be derived from
 the complete annihilation of noise.
 The author gives us some interesting
 thoughts on the subject.

 Directly belozv me they swarmed
 in a great eddying mass, like a
 silent whirlpool. Two street
 cars, not being able to hear warn-
 ing bells, collided and made a
 sort of snag in the rushing tor-
 rent ... automobiles smashed
 Here and there, injuring more

The

Noise

 Illustrated by
 MOREY

W.....■ 'lHE strangest experience of all my flying

          days never got into a report for two reasons.
For one thing I was afraid of losing caste with
my superior officers if I had handed in an
exact record of what I went through. They
would probably say that I had become permanently
light-headed from the altitude and was not to be trusted
with another 'plane.

  Nevertheless, if the report of my last attempt to
establish a transcontinental non-stop flying record had
been complete, it would have told of that foggy sky out
of which I dropped to a place hard to believe of this
world.

  I had been bucking head winds for several hours
when suddenly my engine stalled. With so much de-
pending upon keeping in the air, I put her into a tail

  By A. M. McNeill

spin with a pretty sick feeling. The cloud bank through
which I cut in a hurry was much thicker than I had
expected. When I straightened her out I was almost un-
comfortably close to compact white buildings, piled*in
neat square formations of a city. Then it was I saw
that I must land for minor repairs to the fuselage re-
ceived in my steep climb and swift fall. Knowing that
the chance of making the coveted record was lost, yet
still tense with the effort, I cruised about over the city
for signs of an airport.

Of course there was the great wide river upon which
to settle in case of need. At last I sighted an open space

151
152

AMAZING STORIES

on the margin of the river and tried to read a name
painted on the hangar’s roof. Some letters must have
been obliterated for all I could read was a terminating
“ville.”

   It was the most deserted haven into which I had ever
taxied. Overcoming a sense of unreality I ran across
the tarmac to rattle locked doors and frantically shout
for someone to get me the needed materials. Not a sign
of life could I raise. At last, concluding some im-
portant occasion had perhaps called everybody uptown,

I went off at a great heat towards the main thorough-
fare.

  The moment my stamping feet left the soft, dry
grass of the fields for the hard pavement I knew for a
certainty that something was very wrong. My heavy
boots made not a sound. I might have been walking on
cotton wool. For a horrible moment I knew the feelings
of a person who learns for the first time he has lost one
of his senses. I thought I must have become deaf. Per-
haps the sudden change of altitude had brought it on.
Sometimes I had known a throbbing in my ears from
such a cause. I shook my head until I thought it would
fly off and pounded both sides of my skull like a mad-
man, but still my footsteps were inaudible.

   Unable, as it were, to believe my ears, I went on
for further signs that would prove my deafness.
Though I walked the length of the principal street on
which the city hall tower rose tall and alone I met only
staring windows, echoless walls and empty sidewalks.
Papers swept past me without a rustle. A bird perched
on a telephone wire quivered with a burst of silent
melody. A hungry looking mongrel rushed out to bark
without menace because without sound. I picked up a
stone and heaved it at him. It hit the asphalt as noise-
lessly as a wind-blown feather.

  “Have I gone crazy?” I asked myself. “Or did I
bring down my ’plane in an unexpected crash that sent
me wandering in outer Hades?”

   Just then, to my inexpressible joy, I sighted a ’plane
passing overhead; Assured that I was still on earth, I
watched it fly close only to be plunged into deeper be-
wilderment. It was accompanied by no familiar throb
'of the engine. Letting out my breath in what should
have been a yell, I waved my arms frantically and ran
back toward the airport. My lungs were heaving with
great, noiseless, panting gasps. I never slowed down
until I came within sight of the open field of the airport
and the blessed spread wings of my own ’plane. Here
was something familiar. If I were in the other world
I had the comfort of knowing my old ship could be
there with me.

   I flopped down in the shade of a wing with a great
heaving sigh. As ,1 lay there in its homelike lee it
suddenly occurred to me that I had heard that sigh. I
sighed again just to prove it. Sure enough ! Excitedly
I sat up and shouted, “Whee! Yippee!” like an Ari-
zona Indian.

/ I 'HAT yell immediately brought results. The mo-
ment it ceased I saw cautiously advancing around
the rudder of my ship the scraped shoes and frayed ‘
pants of a man who finally peered under the wing at
me, his little blue eyes squinting and his white bearded
chin working in agitation.

   “Are yuh hurt ?” he finally said.

   “No! Just frightened!” I saw no chance of hiding

the fact. When I tried to gain my feet, I was so weak
from shock that I sank back upon the ground again.
The old fellow stooped and drew himself slowly under
the wing on his hands and one hip.

  “This is the hell of a place!” I blustered to hide niy
shaky voice. “Are you alive or just walking around to
save funeral expenses?”

  “Oh,. I’m alive,” he said, looking at me quizzically,
“but I’m the only one in this town who is!”

  This, uttered in a tone hollow and as if coming from
far away, was enough to add new terror to my already
shaken mind. I edged away from him. He noticed my
movement.

  “I’m harmless enough,” he,chuckled, then suddenly be-
coming serious he added, “but you won’t find another
human being in this whole city. I helped to kill some
and the rest just left!”

  “A lunatic! What next?” I thought, and summoned
my returning strength in case he should spring. He
was too uncomfortably close!

-	“Aw, I’m not crazy,” the old fellow said, reading my
eyes, “though Heaven knows I’ve had enough to make
me so! I’m the brother of Sanford Lewis . . . the in-
ventor . . . you know . .

  “So you’re his brother!” I had heard it was best to
humor the demented.

  “Yes. He was the only one of us who ever made a
name for himself. You see we came from an old pioneer
family of this city and my brother took such a great
pride in it that all his inventions were toward its better-
ment and progress. I expect you’ve heard the motto,
‘The best in the west’ ?”

  “Oh, yes.”

  “ ‘The best in the world’ was my brother’s slogan for
this city. . . . ”

  “And of course he realized his ambition?” I asked,
with a sarcastic smile toward the scene of devastation
I had quitted in such a fright.

  “No,” he answered soberly, “he failed miserably. But
he ain’t to blame. He died in the attempt.”

  “That’s too bad,” I sympathized, for I really pitied
the poor cracked fellow.

  “Yes. He gave his life to his great idea.”

  “And what was that?”

  “He aimed to make this a city without noise!”
“Without noise ?” I asked, wondering where the old
man’s craziness was leading us.

  “I mean without the terrible racket and thunder of its
traffic. My brother tried to make this a city without
noise. Think! Think, man, what success would have
meant! People would have flocked to it! Every city
in the world would have copied it. ..

  “I should think that anything which would kill noise
outside of buildings would kill it inside. Nobody would
be able to hear themselves talk and you’d be as badly
off as before,” I objected with an arousing interest.

  “That was the trouble. I don’t pretend to under-
stand these scientific things . . . wouldn’t take any
more’n a grammar school education . . . but my brother
could have told you everything about his invention. He
used to make himself so dear that even an ignoramous
like myself could see what he was driving at . . . and
then five minutes after he was through I couldn’t tell
you what he said. My family were all patient with-my
—my stupidity—but just the same it was me that caused
that ...” and he stretched his hands towards the dead
THE NOISE KILLER

153

city. His voice was casual enough but I noticed a pe-
culiar twitch of his whole body, as if all his nerves
suddenly contracted and then relaxed. Whatever terrible
thing had happened, he had evidently trained his mind to
review it dispassionately but his inner self could not be
trained to look back without a quiver. At first I thought
it would be unkind to resurrect the past for him, even
though I was dying to know just what happened. Then
it occurred to me that lonely people sometimes find relief
in talking about their troubles, so I led him on.

AN you remember,” I questioned, “how your
brother overcame his great difficulty in making a
noiseless city?”

  “Yes, I can remember that. It appears to me his air
fluid was supposed to kill all sound produced by metal
but not that produced by the human voice. Yes, I know
all sound is just waves of air. But there are different
qualities of sound, aren’t there? Well, this fluid of his
was of such a subtle nature that it neutralized and balked
only the waves which were caused by the ring of metal.
At least, that’s what he claimed. I saw several demon-
strations that seemed to me to prove he had succeeded.
Why, I saw the demonstration that convinced the city
council that he had a great thing and induced them to let
him try an experiment on the air of the city itself. I
can tell you it was a long, hard pull to bring those auto-
crats of the city hall to that state of mind. But one
day a moving picture magnate came here from Holly-
wood. He had- read in a scientific journal of my
brother’s invention—one of the scientists at work on his
sound pictures had seen it. This moving picture man—
I forget his name—offered to move his entire studio
here if the sound-killing device of my brother’s proved
successful. He said that other companies would follow
if they were sure of finding a place where they could
make sound pictures without the danger of outside
sound interference. That prospect is what moved the
city council to give my brother a trial. They even hoped
to make this a second Hollywood.”

  "How did you go about a demonstration of this sort?”
I asked, beginning to see the bearings of his story.

  “With a band and speeches,” he smiled down into
that funny little white beard of his. “The night my
brother came home and told me the mayor was going to
let him try his experiment on the city I didn’t sleep a
wink all night. Neither of us did. I was terribly
worried, for I was to operate, the projection machine
from the roof of the City Hall.” He raised a shaky
finger to the one skyscraper outlined against the setting
sun. “On that roof from which the central tower
springs the machine was to be installed. It’s the highest
point in the city. I can tell you I was nervous!”

  “Why didn’t your brother control the machine him-,
self ?” I asked, to draw him from his reverie.

  “He had to be across the street in the City Hall Square
with the rest of the celebrities to see how things turned
out. He did his best to help me, though. He explained
the workings to me a dozen times. It didn’t seem hu-
manly possible to make a mistake. But I was scared
and didn’t take in half of what he said. He left and I*
waited for my cue to turn on the substance that was to
work miracles. .My cue was the sound of the brass band
playing the ‘Star Spangled Banner.’ When they got to
that part where it says ‘bombs bursting in air’ . . . you
know . . . well, I was to work the magic. • I was so

nervous I hardly recognized the tune when it came.
And in the end I just turned it on any old place in the
music. I did it for him .. . my brother ... I meant only
the best for the city ... I turned it on!”

  “What happened? You stop in the worst places!
What happened when you turned it on?” I urged.

  “Nothing!” He spOke as one coming out of a dream.
“Nothing except silence . . . dead silence!”

  “What did you do ?”

  “I waited for I hardly knew what. At last I went to
the parapet and looked over. ...”

  “Well ? What did you see?”

  “I saw hell ... a silent hell! The street was thick
with people. All up and down as far as I could see the
buildings were emptying just as they do after a heavy
earthquake. Seems like folks had the terrified feeling
that goes with a great calamity and wanted to get clear
of the buildings . . . out in the open. And they did the
worst thing they could do. They stampeded toward the
City Hall Square. Directly below me they swarmed in a
great eddying mass, like a silent whirlpool. Two street
cars, not being able to hear warning bells, collided and
made a sort of snag in the rushing torrent. People
kept running out to help those already injured and
getting knocked down themselves . . . automobiles
smashed here and there, injuring more . . . everywhere
lay men and women and children injured or dying with-
out audible cries or groans ... it was ghastly . . . like a
motion picture of warfare ... I don’t think about it
any more ... it would drive me crazy!”

  I respected his silence for some time arid then asked
gently, “The experiment was unsuccessful?”

  “Well ... it killed all sound within a radius of a
mile ... all sound . . . caused by metal or anything else.
You notice our voices sound kind’a hollow. Well, we’re
on the rim of it. It is getting faint here. But you
couldn’t hear a cannon shot in the city itself!”

. “Why didn’t .you turn the infernal machine off when
you saw what it was doing?” I offered.

   “That’s the terrible part! I couldn’t!” and I saw tears
in his pale blue eyes. “I tried . . . oh, how I tried
but I forgot how....”

  “Why didn’t you get your brother to come and turn
it off?”

  “I tried to. I beckoned to him like fury. I could see
his tall black silk hat in the crowd milling around the
band stand. He pushed through the crowd there and
came running across the open space. He was waving
his hand and looking up at me. In the middle of the
street an automobile hit him . . . he couldn’t hear it you
see ... he died instantly. ...”

  For a'long time we sat there in silence looking out
upon the city over which the sun had set.

  “And so it was never turned off ?” I really knew with-
out asking.

  “It was never turned off! I couldn’t remember what
my brother had said even when I was calm again several
days afterward. I tried until I thought I would go mad.
.But it was no use.”

  “Why didn’t you take the machine away and junk
it?” I asked hopefully.

“No use! Once that stuff was on the air nothing
would do any good except to neutralize it. And my
brother was the only one who could do that . . . and he
was gone. No, there was nothing we could do. People
(Continued on page 180)
Madn CSS of the

 By R. F. Starzl

  Author of "Out of the Sub-Universe”

       J?OR the benefit of those of our readers who are skeptical about the efficacy
       of surgery by radio, we reprint extracts from a newspaper notice which
       appeared in the “New York Times” of December 21st last:

           “. . . Captain Thoraldson of the Norwegian freighter Tela repaired the
       fractured skull of a deckhand with a large rigging needle while the ship was
       hundreds of miles off the Delaware Capes in a rolling sea. The deckhand
       was in good condition when he arrived at the port of Philadelphia. . . . The
       only part which the medical profession played in the matter was a diagnosis
       by radio. Captain Thoraldson gave a ship's doctor several hundred miles away
       a description of the injuries and asked for instructions. Back they came; out
       came the rigging needle, and the job was done. . . .”

           The extract reads almost like the description in “Madness of the Dust.”
       Yet this story was written some time ago.

 Illustrated by WESSO

IOHN FARRINGTON looked out of a metal-
ringed, thick glass window at a hopeless red land-
scape, unrelieved by mountain or lake or tree.
No sign of water, because the nearest of the
great twenty-mile-wide but shallow canals was
over a hundred miles away. No sight of blue sky, but
a vague reddish void that on rare days darkened to a
purplish black, where sometimes the brightest of the
stars could be seen hours before the setting of the small
but fiercely brilliant sun.

   The sun was not fiercely brilliant now. High over-
head it rode, but it was only a blob of red in a red sky,
and ever higher whirled the clouds of red dust, driven
by the fierce autumn winds of Mars. Endless tall, whirl-
ing columns of dust walked across the desert’s face.
Broad, viciously driven lines of dust swept over the
horizon and hurled themselves upon the lonely trading
post, as if they would demolish it and scatter the alumi-
num sections far and wide, but the shock of the wind’s
onslaught was light. Lacking the weight of a dense
atmosphere, the Martian storm, for all of its violence,
was feeble compared to terrestrial standards. It failed
to halt the labors of the natives, who continued to pile
bags of borium, & powerful catalytic agent then much
in demand on Earth, on the loading platform as fast
as it was received from the underground refineries,

which extracted the borium direct from the ore body.
Grotesquely magnified by the light and shadow distortion
of the haze, they plodded stolidly about their tasks in
the gathering murk. Occasionally one of them came
close enough to the window for Farrington to see the
dust on fat, blubbery scales covering arms, legs and
back.

  There was an apologetic drumming noise in the room
behind the trader. It was Nasa. She stood uncertainly
beside the double door through which she had let her-
self in—herself and a blast of cold. A dry cold—
almost the cold of waterless space.

  “What is it, Nasa?” the man asked sharply.

  She looked at him with the saucer of her great, single
eye from which the dust-protective lids were settling away
in transparent folds. In a few moments the drumlike
membrane of her chest inflated, and from it came
sounds—sounds that had startled the terrestrial discqy-
erer, a Miss Columbine, back in 1992. To Farrington
the sounds conveyed meaning. Nasa was speaking in
the bastard dialect used by the laboring classes of Mars.

  “Get your ugly face out of here!” he shouted. “I’ll
call you when I want you to clean up.”

  She turned placidly to go, gentle, uncomplaining slave
that she was. Farrington was stricken with quick com-
punction. He called her back and handed her an

154
With superhuman strength he was struggling with Nasa, struggling to break away and vent his fury—
156

AMAZING STORIES

orange—that strange and luscious fruit, which, above
all other importations from the succulent Earth, the
Martians craved. Nasa pounced upon the gift, tossed
it into her huge, purple-splotched maw, and with many
gurgles and snorts of delight she savored its lush sweet-
ness, let the juices trickle slowly and deliciously down
her gullet, the while she boomed and purred from her
drum-head diaphragm.

  “I don’t know what’s getting into me,” Farrington
thought. “I’m getting crankier every day. It’s lucky
those fellows are so good-natured. When I heaved a
rock at old Nua yesterday,;he just let it bounce off and
snored. He could have broken me in two with those
steam shovel claws of his.”

  He put his hands to his temples. “Wonder what’s
the matter anyway. My head feels like I had a hoop of
steel around it. I can’t eat; I can’t sleep. My eyes
feel like they’re burning.”

  He drew a large glass of water from the tank in the
corner of the room and gulped it down. He refilled the
glass and drank again. Although he filled himself to
repletion, he could not slake the thirst that constantly
consumed him. Suddenly he dropped the glass and it
broke on the stone floor—the second that day. Dizzily
he lurched to his cot. He tossed about on it, but soon
he dropped off to sleep. When he awoke it was almost
night. The wind was gone and stars were brilliant in
the purplish black heavens. The Martian laborers had
left—gone to their mysterious sub-martian caves, where
they lived their half-reptilian lives.

  “Don’t know what I’m going to do if those spells
keep up,” said the trader to himself soberly. “Maybe
I’d better ask for relief.”

  The thought galled him. He remembered the eager-
ness with which he had asked for this post—the most
dangerous of all the colonizing points in the far-flung
solar system. It had been quickly discovered that the
atmosphere of Mars was insidiously hostile to terres-
trial life. In the early days many a colonist had been
returned, writhing in the throes of a strange madness—
a madness in which they babbled of The Dust—The
Dust. A madness in which they sought to harm those
dear to them.

  Farrington had only laughed when Ellsmore, Old
Ellsmore, head of the Planetary Civil Service, warned
him of the dangers at the Borium post;

  “It’s got some mighty good men, and not all of them
recovered,” Old Ellsmore said seriously. “Of course
the salary is high on the Martian job, but when you
consider the hazards it’s not so much. They have to pay
a high salary to get a white man to take the job at all.
Why not let me fix you out with a nice post on Venus?
The City of the Caverns is becoming quite a health re-
sort, and you meet no end of smart people there.”

  “No,” the young engineer said positively. “I don’t
care to loll around with a lot of professional travelers
on a steam-heated planet. Venus is too hot for a white
man to get ahead on. Besides, you know how every
pimply-faced clerk on Earth wants to be sent to Venus,
and the salaries are accordingly. I couldn’t marry Al- ,
freda on the salary they pay.”

  “Don’t worry about that, my dear Jack,” smiled Ells-
more. “You know that the man .who marries my daugh-
ter never has to worry about money. I’ll-”

  “Well, if I do, I will!” Farrington interrupted. “Un-
less I can make a stake I won’t feel right about marrying

anybody. I want the Borium post. I know I’ll be able
to fill my quota, and with the bonus it’ll bring me, I’ll
be able to offer Alfreda a safe future.”

  “I admire your spirit,” said Ellsmore sadly. “I hope
you hold out long enough to get back safe. Well, go
ahead and get ready to start.”

  Farrington smiled wearily at the quixotic spirit of his
youth. His youth! Why, that was only six months
ago, Earth time. Just six months, and he was still
young. Only twenty-five, but it seemed more. Well,
he’d give something to be on that Turkish bath of a
Venus right now, or better yet at a certain bend of a
sandy creek back home in Texas.

IT occurred to him that in six months his schedule
called for completion of his quota. He pressed one
of a row of buttons on his working desk. Hardly a
minute later a trapdoor opened, and one of the Mar-
tian checkers climbed up. He was a youngster himself,
and patently uneasy.

  “Weight. Weight slips—got ’em ?” -Farrington ad-
dressed him eagerly.

  The diaphragm tensed, snored placatively. Quickly
the creature produced the receipts printed by automatic
weighing machines, giving the total for each day. The
machines were specially designed to give Earth weights
on Mars.

  With a joyful thrill Farrington read the figures-—127
tons. His quota was only 120 tons. On the instant
his mood changed. He felt again the pressure on his
temples, the burning in his eyes. He saw the interior
of the room through a red haze—red dust.

  “Why didn’t you tell me ?” he roared. He leaped
upon the astonished Martian, beat, the unresisting crea-
ture harmlessly upon its leathery, blubber-filled scales.
The protesting, wheedling noises from the diaphragm
only increased his rage. He pounded the vocal appa-
ratus of the Martian with his fists until the room was
filled as by the low booming of thunder. And then
of a sudden the room was alive with Martians. Anx-
iously, clumsily they picked the frantic Terrestrial from
his victim and carried the latter to bed. Conscious of
their helpless concern, Farrington was filled with hate
for them, kicked futilely at their ugly, kindly faces. He
hated them for their ugliness, their low organization. He
hated them for their rank, oiiy odor. He hated also
those aristocratic ruling Martians, lolling idly in their
polished cities near the canals, living on the work and
the brains of ancestors centuries ago dead, condescend-
ing to trade with the young, brash planet to sunward
only for the sake of their palates. He hated their
insolence in refusing direct contact with the Terres-
trials, transacting all business through their slaves. He
hated . . .

  He found that hejiated everybody—himself, old Ells-
more, Alfreda even. No, he didn’t hate her, but he
hated . . . God! For the strength to kill these
beasts!

  Water was pressed to his lips. He 'drank greedily,
in long, deep draughts. When the glass was empty
he mouthed for more. It was given to him. He lay
exhausted. Gradually he drifted to sleep. The last
sound he heard was the rustling whispers of his nurses.
His last thought was:

  “It’s got me! It’s got me! The Dust Madness has
got me!”
MADNESS OF THE DUST

157

  Wheh he awoke again it was still night, and the long,
single room of the trading building was dimly lighted
by the mellow glow of a single ion tube. The natives
were all gone except Nasa who, mournfully regarding
him, sat on the floor. His head was reasonably clear
again, but he dared not move for fear of bringing on an-
other fit of rage before he could do what had to be done.
He caught Nasa’s eye.

  “Lift me—” he commanded guardedly, “lift me to
radio!” He shut his eyes again. She lifted him, cot and
all, set him down before the simple panel of the automatic
transmitter. He reached for a central dial, turned it to
the call of his operating base in Brazil. Overhead there
was a subdued grinding as the astronomically corrected
directional antenna turned to the proper position. A bell
tinkled musically, a signal that the carrier wave was
going out.

  “Hello Rio! Hello! Hello Rio!” he said in ordinary
conversational tones. He did not wait for a reply, know-
ing that minutes must pass before his message could
reach the Earth, and minutes more before the answer,
speeding at the rate of over 186,000 miles a second, could
come back to him. So he gave the whole of his message
at one time:

  “This is John Farrington, Planetary Civil Service
4B1189, stationed at Borium post, Mars, reporting. We
have completed our quota of 120 tons and are ready for
relief. Include in next trade shipment 100 cases of canta-
loupes and 40 barrels extracted honey. Protect shipment
in forward holds better against interstellar cold—the food
commissioner here is complaining. Please hurry relief.
We have storms every day; the dust is bad. For God’s
sake hurry, before I go clear crazy!”

  Almost instantly there came a reply from the resonant,
slightly luminous globe above the panel:

  “Buck up, Jack old boy! I’ll be with you by daylight.
I’ve been on the way a month, and I’ll soon be dodging
your dinky little moons. The old ball certainly is dusty;

I couldn’t see any of the.canals or other markings for
days on account of the dust.”

  “Is it you, Steve?” exclaimed the sick man. “By
Glory! It is! Boy, Steve, I’m sure glad you’re coming
—you’re sure the best friend I’ve got.”

  “Best friend, I hope, and most persistent rival. Fact
is, old boy, I came here because Alfreda insisted. She
was worried by some of your queer messages. She sent
me, you understand, who have papers entitling me to
command the finest Venerian liners,'to take a rickety old
hulk to this miserable hole and bring you home. That’s
what hopeless love will do to a man!”

  Farrington put his hands to his temples. They were
throbbing again. With quick, nervous movements he
kicked the covers off him. With an enormous effort of
will-power he tried to keep his voice from shaking. He
said levelly:

  “Yes, I guess you’re persistent all right. I guess you
know when to take advantage of a man, when he’s killing
himself to make a home for a woman. I guess I can see
you, those long months that I spent in this hell, hanging
around her and turning her silly head with your sym-,

pathy-” The pressure in his temples was splitting

his head-“When I’m able to get up again—I’ll tear

you-”

 “DONG-NG-NG-NG!”

  It was the beginning of the Rio answering message.
  “Reply to Borium post: Relief ship has already been

sent and at last report was 200,000 miles from Mars: It
should be in path of directional radio beam. Ship carries
freshly made specific for Dust Madness. Freighter will
stop on return from Uranus and load borium. Regarding
complaint of frostbitten fruit, Captain Skoglund re-
ported-”

  The voice droned on, but Farrington did not hear.
With superhuman strength he was struggling with Nasa.
struggling to break away and vent his fury; to vent his
fury on anything—the delicate instruments ranged
around the room, for instance, in lieu of that still un-
reachable friend whom his madness pictured as a be-
trayer. He subsided finally amid sobs, accompanied by
gulping noises of sympathy from Nasa as she plied him
with water.

TOHN FARRINGTON sat in the half darkness of
the old dispatch ship’s white-painted hospital room.
Through small ports of six-inch thick glass he could
catch a glimpse of the black sky with its great, steadily
glowing stars. The faintly luminous wake of the atomic
rockets, fastened at various points on the ship’s hull,
trailed past the window and off into infinity. Unques-
tionably the old space ship was making its best possible
speed toward the Earth. Steve had mentioned that they
were past the half-way point and that soon the rocket
tubes would be reversed. They were darting in a grand
diagonal to a point of the Earth’s orbit, mathematically
determined, that would bring the ship to its base near
the mouth of the Amazon river.

  Farrington felt much better. He had only a vague
recollection of having been carried, screaming and fight-
ing, by some of the motley crew in Steve’s command.
The Martians could not be induced to even approach
the ship. They had an overpowering dread of leaving
their planet, ever since the disastrous expedition of
the year 2025, when hundreds of them, having been
induced to embark for Earth, died of tuberculosis in
the humid, dense atmosphere so foreign to them.

  The specific had again proved its worth. In con-
junction with the constantly purified air of the ship
it had allayed almost completely the dreadful attacks
of homicidal mania which was for many years to
prove an almost insuperable barrier to the permanent
colonization of Mars.

  The door opened and Steve came in.

  “How’s the patient this morning?” he smiled cheer-
ily. “You look a little peakish, but you’re getting
back some healthy color just the same.”

  “I feel fine, Steve. It doesn’t seem possible now
that I was so wild a couple of weeks ago. It seems
like a dream.”

  “It was certainly a wild dream. I got a laugh out
of your checker. You gave him such a beating on his
diaphragm that he could hardly talk. He wasn’t sore,
though. You certainly put yourself in solid with the
Martian work-hogs before the dust madness got you.”
“I hope you’ll forget about the way I acted, Steve.”
“It’s all forgotten. It’s all over, in fact. You’ve
slept it off. I’ve used up all the specific, but I don’t
think you’ll need any more. Just drink plenty of water;
get the poison out of your system.”

  “It was awful while it lasted. You’ve saved my
life in more ways than one, Steve. You’ve treated me
as well as any doctor.”

  “It was that or nothing. They don’t send out stir-
158

AMAZING STORIES

geons on these old tubs. If it wasn’t that the under-
writers insist upon it, they probably wouldn’t even equip
us with radio.”

  They discussed the niggardly policies of the ship
owners at length and with considerable warmth. Steve
talked of the destruction of a planetoid that had been
a peril to shipping, and after they had taken a meal they
repaired to one of the empty storage holds that was
temporarily fitted up for a gymnasium.

  “I’m not so good today,” said Steve. “My side kind
of hurts, but a good work-out might help it.”

  They put on the gloves, and for ten minutes there
was no talk; just the swift thudding of padded fists,
the rapid shuffle of feet, and soon, the panting of
breaths.

  All at once Steve sat down, and his face was pale.
He held his hand to his abdomen.

  “Sorry! Sorry, old man! I didn’t mean to foul
you!” Farrington bent over his friend.

  “You didn-t foul me, Jack. You never touched me,
but my belly sure is getting sensitive. It hurts like
it was going to split open.” His abdomen was in fact
distended and the muscles were tense and hard. >

  “I guess it’s the old appendicitis again,” groaned
Steve. “It’s been bothering me, off and on, for years.”
“Let me help you' to the hospital cabin. You can
sleep, in my bed for a while.”

  “No—ouch! Not yet, anyway! Just let me sit here
for a while. It’ll get better soon.”

  But it didn’t get better. A half hour later Farrington
telephoned to the crew’s quarters for help. Two Lev-
antine roustabouts responded and carried the pale and
perspiring shipmaster to the hospital. They were unpre-
possessing fellows, graduates of rough experiences on
more than one remote planet.

  “You’ll have to take charge,” Steve said feebly. “You
needn’t bother about navigation. Krassin and Boloman
can handle the instruments all right, and they have their
orders. But I guess you’ll have to kind of watch me.
I guess—I’m afraid—I’m going to—pass out. Alfie—
Alfie, hold my hand!”

  Hje was in a raging fever. His abdomen was still dis-
tended. His heart thudded terrifyingly.

FARRINGTON rushed to the adjoining radio room.
Dialing the Rio station, he demanded preference over
all other messages. .Without waiting for acknowledg-
ment he recited the symptoms of the shipmaster’s attack,
closing with a desperate appeal for help. Quickly he
unplugged the transmitting and receiving units, and by
means of extension cords, set them up again by the bed-
side of the sick man.

 “DONG-NG-NG-NG!”

  “Rio station replying to Interplanetary L-4. Dr.
Camelard has been called from the infirmary and he al-
ready has a printed copy of your message. He will
advise you what to do.”

  A few seconds later the doctor spoke:

  “Most likely your patient is suffering from a ruptured
appendix. You’re lucky if he doesn’t get general peri-
tonitis. It’s a hell of a note to send out a man with a
chronic case like his on a ship full of bums and an in-
valid. Just the same you’re going to save him if it pos-
sibly can be done.

  “Look around and see if you can locate the standard
surgical equipment chest. It’d better be there or some

inspector is going to be in trouble. Open the wall cabi-
nets until you find the steam sterilizer. Turn on the
power, but don’t forget to see that there’s water in the
boiler.

  “While I’m talking to you you can wash your hands.
For surgery your hands have to be not only washed, but
scrubbed. Don’t mind if you take off a little hide. Get
them clean. Then you can rub ’em good with the bi-
chloride of mercury. Fix it double strength. Open
a tube of catgut, but don’t take it out of the liquid until
you need it.”

  The doctor paused to ascertain if Farrington was fol-
lowing him. In a few minutes he continued:

  “Put one of the morphine tablets in his mouth now
so he’ll be ready when you are. Since you can’t perform
an operation without assistance, and keep your hands
sterile, keep a bowl of chlormercoxol handy. Wash your
hands in it every little while as you work.

  “You won’t need many instruments. Pick out a good
sharp scalpel. Find one with a 45 degree blade. Take
a couple of forceps and one or two good heavy retrac-
ters. You may not need a hemostat, because you’re not
going to take that man’s appendix out. The shape he’s
in I would hardly dare try that even here. All you’ve
got to do is to make an incision and put in an inch
drainage tube. Understand that, just put in a drainage
tube to let out the pus, and if you don’t get in a lot of
dirt, he’ll probably recover.”

  On and on came the matter-of-fact directions. The
doctor took each point separately, painstakingly instruct-
ing. Occasionally he paused to give Farrington a chance
to ask questions. He told him how/to locate the right
spot, half-way between the navel and a point on the right
hip; told him to shave the drum-tight skin; to wash it
with the chlormercoxol, most deadly of all germicides,
which would even penetrate tissues to destroy lurking
unfriendly organisms.

AND all that time Steve lay in shallow but persistent
anesthesia. And all that time he babbled of Alfie—
Alfreda. He thought she was standing beside him—
denying him—denying him the kiss that he yearned for
more than’all other kisses that were available to a hand-
some young master of Interplanetary Liners. His hal-
lucinations shifted to the Caribbean. In a hydroplane
they were skimming the crests of the dancing waves.

She was smiling at him-

  “Alfie—Alfie—I love you!”

  Beads of sweat stood on Farrington’s forehead. He
was physically tired. He felt a nausea usually asso-
ciated with space sickness, though the decelerating effect
of the atomic rockets provided a very acceptable substi-
tute for the steadying pull of gravity. If he could only
sleep a little! But there lay his friend, utterly helpless.
But was he his friend? He looked at the partly un-
clothed form narrowly. Certainly a magnificent body.
Certainly a handsome head. Wonder if Alfreda thought
so? The pressure of his temples was back. Not so bad,
though. He drank deeply, a couple of pints of water.

  What was that! Not too far? “Be careful not to
go too deeply,” the ether-borne voice was saying. “Re-
member, you have a man’s life in your hands.

  “First you cut through the skin and fat. . It won’t
bleed much. Next you come to the fascia. It’s a sort
of white, thick skin covering the muscles. Cut through
it and you see the muscle. You can split that and won’t
MADNESS OF THE DUST

159

need to cut much. Just take the handle of a scalpel and
separate the fibers. Then you’re clear down to the' peri-
toneum, and it’s ticklish work for an amateur. You’ll
find a thin tough membrane investing the viscera. Go
very easy in cutting through. A slip of your knife and
you might puncture an intestine and your man’s done
for, with all of the pus and corruption in the cavity.
This is the way to do it: You take a little fold of the

peritoneum with your fine forceps-”

  On and on, endlessly. The room was oppressively
silent. That steady pressure on his temples! His eyes
burned. Oh, how he longed to rest! “A slip of the
knife and he’s done for!" Farrington battled against the
horrible thought that dogged him. “Just a little slip of
the knife” and Steve would stop moaning, “Alfie—Alfie,
hold me!”

  Forward, in their own quarters, were men. Stupid
and brutal, to be sure, except for two busy navigators,
but men. Farrington toyed with the thought of bring-
ing one of them up, not to perform the operation, but to
watch him—Farrington. He laughed. How could they
know? How could anyone know? Just a little slip of
the knife; just a little slip, and those restless tossings
would soon be stilled. Besides, it wouldn’t do to let the
men know the seriousness of the situation. Mutiny
under such conditions was not impossible. The sweep-
ing voids of space still offered rich possibilities to pirates
who were hearty and bold.

  “I can’t do it! I can’t do it!” Farrington cried aloud.
“Just one little slip and I’ll kill him!”

  “ . . . having removed the most of the pus,”
went on the voice, unperturbed, “notice the color of the
intestines. If they are red, inflamed, as if they had
been scalded; if the veins are congested, we may safely
assume-”

  There came a shriek. Farrington’s despairing cry had
gone over seventy-six million miles of space, and had
been heard by one who sat in the Rio transmitting sta-
tion in distracted silence. Her involuntary scream had
been picked up and hurled back at the speed of light, and
now re-echoed around the dingy cabin.

  “Jack!” she sobbed. “Jack, you must! He saved
your life, Jack. He saved your life for love of me.
Don’t fail me, Jack!”

“Take her out!” It was the voice of,Dr; Camelard to
an assistant.

  “Of course you’re going to make a success of this,
Farrington,” he resumed testily. “If you fail, Alfreda
will never speak to you again. She has sat here in tor-
ture for a long, weary hour. Take hold of yourself,
Farrington!”

  “Alfie! Alfie!” gasped the sick man.

  “ . . . the idea is to insert the tube so that it
will permit free drainage—I would give him another
morphine tablet now, Farrington—free drainage will
permit nature to take care of the trouble. The ruptured
appendix may heal, or at any rate he will be tided over
until we can operate on him at the hospital here with'
the high-frequency apparatus, which will be perfectly
safe. The thing to do is to keep him alive until then.
See that the tube is well in past the peritoneum, and
that it isn’t obstructed. You sew the flap up as far as
possible and put a stitch through the tube to hold it in
place.

  “Now, then, we’re ready to start!”

  Farrington seized a scalpel. The iron band around

his head was intolerably tight. His eyes burned. He
saw the form before him, sometimes in gray light, some-
times in red haze—Red Dust. Hammers were clanging
on iron in his brain. Two voices disputed between ham-
mer-blows.

  “No one will ever know,” urged one., “A little slip,
down in that pus and corruption—a little slip!” The
voice was thinly eager. It was demoniacal; it was yearn-
ing. It hammered on his brain like a sledge on iron,
with a bloodthirsty red eagerness—with a dry, cold
eagerness. “Just a little slip—just a tiny little slip!”
“He is your friend!” insisted the other voice* It was
a warm voice, and very, very weary. “He saved your
life, lie was sick, but he came to get you in this old tub
because there was nobody else available. He could be
comfortable and safe if he’d stayed home, but he came
even before you asked for help, because he thought you
might die if he didn’t.”

  “Your friend!” mocked the sneering red voice. “While
you were slaving in that hell-hole for the sake of a
woman, he was winning her from you. Your friend!
Fool! Don’t you know he came because of her, not you ?”
“If she loves him,” insisted the other voice, still
patient, wearier still, “there are plenty of other women.
And if you love her, why kill him? After all, he saved
you, no matter what his motives. And if you love her,
save him for her!”

  “The first incision,” came the message, “should be
practically vertical. Hold the skin firmly between two

fingers, stretching it if not already tight-”

  Farrington began.

THE L-4 settled smoothly in the mooring pit at Rio.
A dirty looking mechanic in fatigue uniform un-
screwed the bolts holding the door tight to the tall, cylin-
drical sides. Through the thick glass his head could be
seen bobbing up and down as he wound at the heavy
screws. With a rasping of corroded hinges the vacuum
door swung open. A collapsible gangway slid automat-
ically to the edge of the pit.'

  The little group at the pit peered anxiously into the
sertii-darkness of the interior. An elevator descended
clicking.® Farrington came to the door. He was
deathly pale. He walked slackly. He stood aside and
motioned with his hand.

  Four hospital orderlies quickly entered the ship. They
stepped into the elevator with Farrington. There was a
long wait. More mechanics came out, squirming over
the pitted surfaces of the ship by means of handholds
placed at convenient intervals. They connected lines of
air-hose to the tank leads, coupled water pipes, replen-
ished the atomic cartridges, replaced the badly worn
nozzles of the rockets with new ones of artificially crys-
tallized carbon. Boxes and barrels of air conditioning
chemicals were trucked into the ship. Tons of vitiated
chemicals cascaded through vents into the reworking
hoppers below. It was a scene of cheerful bustle and
activity, such as occurred daily at numerous space-ports
everywhere on the inhabitable planets of the solar sys-
tem, but to the little group on the platform it was a
scene of dread. They saw that dark door of uncertainty.
They awaited the clicking of the elevator.

  It came. Almost instantly the four orderlies were in
the door. They carried a Stretcher. On it was Steve.
He was grinning jovially and waved gaily to his friends.

(Continued on page 181)
160

Illustrated by MOREY

to all the friendless is some job for an old soldier,” mused
Major Young to himself. “Guess I might as well close
up the office and spend the rest of the day over in New
York. A few hours at the University Club will restore
my cosmopolitan viewpoint of life.”

  Two hours later he walked into the reading-room of
the Club, just in time to hear hearty gales of laughter
coming from a closely clustered group of men. When
the laughter ceased, he heard a determined voice.

  “In spite of your laughter,” it said, "I want to repeat
what I said. The next great war will be waged between
the human race and■ some form of plant life, rather than
between different nations of humanity.”

  “You mean bally little smellers, like roses and violets ?”
asked a man in uniform. He was Captain Llewellen, at
the present assigned to duty with the British Consul.

f$The next morning the ivy had recrossed the street and
was curling around some of the houses. . . . Thomas, the
pSliceman, was in his glory . . . describing how Hiram
Smith had yelled as the ivy dragged him under.

Y~

I I.

are just plain drunk, Bill!”
exclaimed the genial Mayor of
the town of Yeastford, to one of
the habitual alcoholics of the
vicinity. “Just a little too much
this time, or you would not be talking such nonsense.
Go home and to bed and you will feel differently about it
tomorrow, and laugh at yourself when your dog comes
back from his hunt.”

  “I am dtunk!” admitted William Coonel, “but anyone
would get drunk after seeing what I saw. You go down1
to the old swamphole yourself and see how your nerves
are afterward. Go on, Major Young, and then tell me
whether I am drunk or not.” He staggered out of the
office, leaving the Mayor smiling at his persistency.

  “This job of being Mayor of a small town and friend
The Ivy War

 By David H. Keller, M.D.

                      rAuthor of “The Seventh Generation,” “Eternal Professors,” etc.

      J"VR. KELLER, being first of all a psychologist, is most interested in human
      MS behavior under given conditions—that is, human reaction. But he is
      also concerned with possibilities in various fields of science. Taking botany,
      for instance, it has been established some time ago that there are such things
      in existence as flesh-eating plants and other malignant flowers. We of the mod-
      ern civilization have become quite smug in our feeling of safety from these
      dangers, that we know are considerably removed from civilized habitation. But
      what is there to prevent the successful transfer of such a dangerous plant, let us
      say, by some frustrated botanist bent on revenge? Here is a scientific fiction
      story that is interesting, entertaining and plausible.

  “That is what I mean,” answered the first speaker.
Elbowing his way through the circle of amused listen-
ers, Jerkens, free lance reporter of a dozen wars, reached
the center of the crowd, and holding up his hands,
demanded silence. >.

-	“I want to report that war,” he cried. “What head-
lines I could produce! How about this for the front
page?

    “Five Divisions of Infantry in New Mexico
  Surrounded by the Cactus Enemy. One Thou-
  sand Tanks Ordered to Their Relief ... Heavy
  Casualties in Maryland. Our Troops Gassed
  by Lily-of-the-Valley and Tuberose Enemy
  Battalions. Generals Orchid and Gardenia
  Captured. _ They Admit That Their Morning
  Glory Division Was Wiped Out by Our Labor
  Battalions, Armed with Hoes. Patriotic Women
  Forming Regiments to Fight Violets and Roses.
  They Will Furnish Their Own Scissors. Golden
  Rods Massing to Attack Hay Fever Regi-
  ments.”

  And then the fun started and the laughter became too
much for some of the older members of the Club who
demanded silence. Soon the atmosphere of the place
became normal. White, the plant biologist, who had
been the butt of the fun, kept on smiling. But ttvo
strangers at once demanded his attention.

  -One handed him a card, saying, “I am Milligan, the
explorer. I came across the ocean to see you.”	•

  “And I am just Mayor Young of Yeastford. I am
a charter member of this- Club.”

  “I do not know which of you I am the most pleased
to meet,” declared White. “Milligan has always been a
hero of mine because he has gone to all the places in the

world I have wanted to visit, while (and here he turned
to the Mayor) if you are Major Young, of the Lost
Battalion, let me tell you that when I was a boy I saw
you play full-back on the Columbia team the year we
defeated Pennsylvania. Ever since then you have been
a hero to me.” And he extended a hand- to each of the
men.

  “Since all three of us seem to want to know each other
better, suppose you" take supper with me here at the
Club?” proposed Major Young. “I will arrange a little
room where we can be by ourselves and do all the talking
we want to do. The boys v/ere having a lot of fun at-
your expense, White.”

“Yes, I was foolish enough to make a statement that
was unusual and of course they all gave the ha-ha to me.”
“And the peculiar part about it was that that statement
was the very reason for my coming here from England
to talk to Mr. White,” said the explorer.

  “Well, let’s eat and talk,” exclaimed the old football
player.

•■"'Later on, in the little private room, Major Young
started the conversation.

  “Now, Mr. Milligan,” he said, “suppose you tell us
just what you want to find out from this famous scientist
White. ■'Yes, you need not object to that word famous,
White. I have had a few minutes to myself and I looked
you up and find that you have over twelve letters after
your name and are considered the authority on plant life
in America. You are as big a man in your laboratory as
Milligan is in Gobi and Honduras. I looked you up
also and find that you have written a dozen books about
places that hardly any other white man has ever visited.
So, here I am, just plain Charley Young, eating supper
with two big men. Go ahead with your story, Milligan.”
The Englishman took his cigarette and pushed its
162

AMAZING STORIES

lighted end carefully against the ash tray. When he
spoke it was with slow, carefully selected words, beauti-
fully pronounced,—as though he were dictating to his
stenographer or addressing a gathering of scientists in
London.

  “In the course of my travels,” he began, “I have been
to a great many dead cities, great, ancient cities, that
once swarmed with life. I have spent weeks in places
like Angkor in Cambodia, once the home of a million
Asiatics, but so completely forgotten, that none knew
of its existence till the Frenchman Mouhot stumbled
upon it in his quest for Asiatic butterflies.

  “And down in Honduras I have seen the Mayan cities
silently pass the centuries in the jungles; they thrust
through the green forest the white marbled crests of. their
pyramidal temples. I have lived in those dead cities,
places like Lubaantum and Benque Viejo. In all those-
places I asked myself the same questions: Why did
they die? What killed them? In some places it seemed
as though the inhabitants simply decided to migrate. But
why?

  1 'HE more I asked myself that question, the more

  X puzzled I was. I saw something in Cambodia, and
to my surprise, I saw the same thing in Central America.
It was something that I thought I was sure of but it
was so fantastic, so utterly weird and impossible, that I
could net trust myself to put it into words. I am not
like our friend White. I do not like to be laughed at.
So I kept it to myself. Then, back in dear old England,

I ran across the same thing; and at the same time I
heard about the great work that was being done with
plants by an American named White; so, here I am.”

   “What was it you saw in England ?” asked the biologist.

  “It happened when I went down to see my friend,
Martin Conway. He had inherited a nice old house and
a lot of money; so, he made up his mind to restore the
place and live there. It was Allington Castle, near Maid-
stone. It might have been a nice place for him to live in,
but the ivy made him stop. That entire estate was full
of ivy, and on the Castle walls the growth was from six
to ten feet thick and had branches over six inches in
diameter. It spread all through the woods. It climbed
up the oak trees, one hundred feet into the air, and
literally suffocated them with its dense foliage.

  “The stuff was growing all over the Castle, inside and
out. Conway put a hundred men to work and it grew
faster than they could tear it loose and cut it to pieces.
They worked a month, and when they came back from
a holiday, it was hard to tell just what they had done.
It was discouraging, to say the least.

  “Conway took me over to see a ruined Castle about
seven miles from the one he inherited. This other CaStle
had literally been torn to bits. The ivy had grown over
the masonry, sending its roots into every little crack.
Then it had grown up to the top of the building, forming
a thick mat over every square foot of the wall. Once
it reached the top, it started to pull, and the whole build-
ing just crumpled, overnight. When we saw it, Ley-
bourne Castle was just a ruin, covered so completely with
ivy that all anyone could see was simply a large mound
of green.

  “And' what made matters all the worse, it seemed that
nothing else could live where that ivy lived. The woods
around Leybourne, years before, had been filled with the
most beautiful wild flowers and shrubs, but they were

all gone, and the little wild things, like rabbits and birds,
were all gone too. That gave me room for thought. It
made me see that right in England there might be as
wonderful things to look into as there were in the Gobi
Desert.

  “Because it was not the lack of-money that made
Conway stop with his plans for the restoration of Alling-
ton Castle. He had the money and the ambition, but he
could not get the men to work there any more. You see,
three of them had taken too much liquor, and instead of
going back home at the end of the day, they slept there
all night, and when morning came and the Coroner and
his jury, why laboring men just did not want to work
there any more, and Conway had to stop. But it made
him mad and he asked me to come down and visit him.
I went over the entire problem with him, and it suddenly
occurred to me that perhaps something like that had
happened at Angkor and down in Honduras. In other
words, the same horrible thought came to me, came back
to my consciousness, no matter how hard I tried to ignore
it. I am'an explorer, not an expert on plants, so I came
over here to America to see if White could help me solve
the problem.

   “Just talking about it makes me tremble. Think of
 that! I have, and I say it in explanation and not to boast,
 faced death in a dozen places and in as horrible ways
 as a man can face it, but when I think that there is a
 possibility that my suspicion is true, it makes me tremble.
 Look at that hand,” and he held out his fingers to show
 them a fine tremor.

   “That is all right,” said Major Young, in almost a
 soothing manner-— “The braver a man is, the more apt
 he is to feel afraid. It is not the feeling but the actions
 that count.”

   “You say that three men were killed?” asked White.

   “Yes. I guess you could use that word. At least, they
 were dead when morning came.”

   “And they thought the ivy—was that the Coroner’s
 verdict?”

   “No. I do not know what he thought; of course he
 could not say that—not in so many words. But Conway
 told me how the bodies looked, and we decided to do a
 bit of experimenting. We drove an old cow into the
 woods where the ivy was the thickest and tied her to a
 tree.. Yes, we went in while the sun was shining, and
 the next day, when we went back, the cow was dead—
 and Conway—of course he was not a physician, but he
 said that the cow’s body looked the same as the bodies
 of the three dead men. .

   “This all happened in a poorly settled part of England.
 You can drive miles without seeing a cottage, and the
 few people who used to live there left, and some of them
 in a hurry, and none of them talk very much about
 why they left, because they do not like to be laughed at.”

   “Just ivy—just common ivy?” asked White, leaning
 across the table, and pushing aside the plates of food.
 “You mean that it was just the ordinary ivy that grows
 as an ornament on old buildings?”

   “No!” almost shouted Milligan, as he looked point
 blank into the eyes of the biologist. “If it had been,..we
 •would have understood. In the first place, it was big.
 Conway and I stumbled over branches that were over a
 foot in diameter, and those branches ran for miles
 through what had once been the woods. We never could
 be sure just where they started from. Every few feet
 the branches sent out lateral rootlets and coiling twining
THE IVY WAR

163

 tendrils, replaced every third leaf, but we never were
 sure that we found anything like a central root. We
 did find something, however, that made us think. All
 these big branches'seemed to come from one place, and
 we never were able to get within a mile of that place.
 We located it rather accurately on our map and this is
 what we found.

  ‘‘Ten years ago there was not a bit of ivy in those
woods; but there was a large hole in the center of the
forest. The maps called it a swamp-hole. It had always
been there; Some of the old men told Conway about
it. Tradition had it as the home of a large snake. Silly
idea that. Now, here is what happened. I mean to
say this is what I think happened. This new kind of ivy
started to grow out of the swamp-hole. Where did it
come from? Why, out of the hole. And in ten years’
time it had captured seventy square miles of England.
And here is the thing that makes me tremble. Nobody
knows about it, and nobody is doing anything about it.
Conway and I talked about that phase of it; and I came
over here. How about it, White ?”

BUT the biologist did not have an opportunity to
answer the question then, because the Mayor of
Yeastford suddenly galvanized into life, as he asked,
"Were the leaves a peculiar combination of white and
green? Did those tendrils wave around in the air? Do
you think that they sucked the blood out of the cow?—
and the three men ? Did you find swamp-holes like that
in Honduras?”

  The explorer and the biologist looked at the ex-soldier
in astonishment. At last White asked, "What are you
driving at, Major?”

  "Simply this. Up in the town, where I am the Mayor,
we have a hole that we call the swamp-hole. And today
noon a hunter came in and told me his dog had been
killed down there. But he was drunk; so, I did not
credit his story. But he said he saw something like a
large vine come out of the hole and strangle the dog.
Now do you two men suppose that the same kind of ivy
is right here in America? We have a hole there at
Yeastford and something is coming out of it. You said
that you never saw the center of this plant, never were
able to come near the real roots of it. Here is your
chance. Suppose we go up to my town and go down into
that hole ?”

  Milligan took another drink and then started to pull
up his pants to the knees, and let down his stockings.

  "Look at those legs,” he said.

  Livid scars encircled his limbs. Ugly ulcers, just heal-
ing, were scattered along the scarlet lines. Milligan
smiled as he explained, "I fell down one day. Fortu-
nately, Conway was able to stay on his feet, and he had
an ax and cut me loose. I was in bed for days. I want
to see your little pet vines in that hole in your old home
town, Major, but I want to be very careful about how
I go near them. What do you think about it, Mr. White?
Any connection between Angkor and the English ivy?”

  "There may be. The reason for the sudden desertion
of those dead cities Hhs been a puzzling one to scientists.
Some say it was a change of climate, others diseases,1
carried by insects. Terrible wars might have been at the
bottom. But suppose, just for the sake of argument, that
near each large city there was a swamp-hole and out of
this hole came some antediluvian form of plant life?
Let us further suppose that this plant life was carnivor-

ous. Fear might have then led to the desertion of the
cities and violent, unreasonable panic depopulated them.

  “Thousands of centuries ago life on this world was
bizarre, weird and utterly terrible. Everything grew big.
Earth worms twenty feet long and bats with a wing-
spread of sixty feet. Ferns grew into trees, two hundred
feet high. Animals grew a hundred feet from snout to
tail. Then everything changed, and the big things died
and gave place to little things and at present man,, the
King of the Earth, is a little soft thing under six feet
tall. But the dreamers have told us their suspicion that
in the out-places of the earth, under the ocean or in
unexplored caverns, the giants of antiquity lie, silently
sleeping, waiting for the time to come when they can
once again rule as Lords of the Earth. Perhaps in these
centuries of waiting they have developed characteristics
that we have not even considered as possibilities. For
example. Can plants think? Can they plan and act
according to any plan? If they can, and I think that I
can show you something very much like it in my plant
laboratory, then what is to keep some form of plant life
from deliberately making war on the human race? I
made that statement in the reading-room today and they
laughed at me. And I did not know then about Milligan
and his legs. I think that we had better go with Major
Young to Yeastford and see what he has to show us,
and then—I want to go with Milligan back to England—
unless things start over here.”

  Milligan, the iron man, the dauntless explorer of the
waste places of the earth, looked at the biologist as
though fascinated by his remarks. He had often faced
danger, but it seemed as though he dreaded to face this
thought. Yet, he forced himself to speak.

  “That is what I thought,” he said, "when I studied
those dead cities. Something drove those people out.
It came slowly, not like killing waves of animals or
migratory invasions of savage tribes. It came slowly
and the people deserted, while they still had time, and left
the cities to the vegetable kingdom. Now a few monkeys
sport furtively on the temple roofs of Angkor and a few
parrots scream in Lubaantum, but they are afraid to
venture too close or too near the ground. And the
natives are afraid; they say the places are populated with
demons, but fn reality they will not be honest with you
and tell you just what it is that they are afraid of. I
feel that this threat from the ground drove those busy
millions into an enforced exile, and it was so terrible, so
horrible in its menacing frightfulness, that instinctively
they decided to forget it, to blot the whole episode from
the mental pictures of the history of their race.

  “That is what I had in mind. And I could not tell
anyone, because I was sure he would laugh at me. Then
I saw a starting of it in England, and here in America
I met a man who believes it possible and another man
who says that he knows a place where a swamp-hole is
just beginning to belch forth its guesome cargo. Suppose
we go to Yeastford and study that hole? Perhaps then
we will be able to see what can be done.”

  "And it will have to be done secretly and fast, because
if it attacks our cities as it did in ages past or as it has
that little part of England, then our civilization is
doomed,” cried White.

  "Bosh!” cried the Major. “Bosh and fiddle-faddle!
Nothing can destroy us. We are too great, too powerful,
too highly intellectual.”

  The Yeastford Real Estate Company had known about
164

AMAZING STORIES

 the Swamp-Hole when they bought the large area of
 land over in South Yeastford. They had been forced
 to buy the hole in order to secure the rest of the land.
 They knew when they bought it that they would never
 be able to sell it. It would never return a dollar of their
 I investment to them; so, they simply charged up that
 acreage to profit and loss and added a little extra to the
 price of each building lot they sold.

 THE town grew around the hole. A National High-
 way passed one side of it, a railroad another side,
 and two streets the remaining sides. Thus, the hole
 was surrounded on three sides by cement streets and on
 the remaining side by the tracks of the D. L. and W. R. R.
 A busy, happy and prosperous neighborhood of substan-
 tial folks lived there and passed the hole daily. They
 had become so accustomed to its being there that hardly
 any of them realized its presence.

   From the stout fence that surrounded it on all sides
 the land fell rapidly down to a circular center. The pitch
 was so steep that it was difficult to descend to the bottom.
 And there was nothing there when the bottom was
 reached except a mud hole, ice in winter, dry in summer
 and a muddy pond after every hard rain. Trees grew
 on the steep sides, ferns and moss covered the ground, a
 few pond lilies tried to live in the stagnant water, their
 only visitors the myriad mosquitoes, their only friends
 the little frogs who sat shyly on the lily pads.

   Birds flirted in the tree tops and gorged themselves
 in the fall on the wild grapes, while below a few rabbits
 and squirrels claimed ownership of the nuts that fell
 from the walnut and hickory-nut trees. Occasionally a
 dog would dash through the underbrush and in the fall
 a few hunters tried to kill the rabbits that had the temer-
 ity to live so close to civilization. That was the Swamp-
 Hole of South Yeastford.

   The three men arrived at Yeastford about forty-eight
 hours after the hunter had lost his dog. They had decided
 that it would be best to keep the real reason for their
 triple visit a secret. So the Major simply told his house-
 keeper, that he had two political friends visiting him, and
 asked the inquisitive reporter to say nothing about the
 fact that the Mayor was entertaining company. Fortu-
 nately, the next day was dismally drizzling, making it
 possible for the three to reach the hole unobserved, climb
 over the fence and slide down the steep embankment
 without anyone’s being the wiser.

   In a few minutes, aided by the force of gravitation,
 they reached the mud hole at the bottom. Sure enough,
 there was the new growth of ivy and on one side was
 the dead fox-hound. He attracted as much attention as
 the ivy. The Major poked him with a stick and then
 gave his verdict.

    “Dead as a doornail and dry as a piece of old leather.”

    “Looks like leather and bones to me," observed White.

    “All the blood sucked out of him,” whispered Milligan.
 “See those long white tendrils? They have suckers on
 them just like those on the arms of an octopus. They
 just wrapped around the poor cur and sucked him dry.
 See those branches move! I do not know whether you
 have noticed it, but since we have been standing here
 there has been a marked movement over in our direction.
 I worked on that point with rabbits for a while and the
 long tendrils seemed to be able to either see or feel or
 smell flesh. Let me show you. That is why I brought
 over this pole and the pound of liver. We will tie the

liver to the pole and do some experimenting. Suppose
we go around on the other side. Those long white arms
are too close to me for comfort. There,” and he held
the liver high in the air over a part of the plant, “we will
see how it acts.”

  They did not have to wait long. The plant slowly
lifted its stems into the air and surely, with almost an
uncanny, human precision, sent its tentacles towards the
piece of liver suspended in the air. As the meat on the
end of the pole was moved, the vine moved, following
it. And at last, moving with a swiftness that surpassed
the agility of the human arms holding the pole; the vine
wrapped around the piece-of meat and drew it down into
the middle of the leaves.

  “The leaves themselves,” commented White, “are re-
markably like the ordinary ivy except that they are white
in spots. Were it not for those long tendrils, I would
think that it was nothing exceptional. Of course, the
fact that it eats meat is not unusual for the vegetable
world—lots of plants eat meat.”

  “As far as I can tell,” interrupted Milligan, “this is
just the same kind of ivy we saw in England. At least
it looks the same to me; the thing that frightened us was
the largeness of it and the thought of where it was coming
from and what would happen if it did not stop coming.
Of course, over there we saw miles and miles of stems,
while here there seem to be just a few yards.”

  “It must have just started here,” explained the Major.
“Just started. Fortunately, we found it in time. We
must think of some way of stopping it—killing it—driv-
ing it back into the hole.”

  The three men made a queer spectacle as they stood
there in the mist, talking about a danger that no one
else in America realized. They were terribly in earnest,
profoundly impressed with the immensity of the problem;
and as they talked, the ivy grew towards them; grew
towards them, especially Mayor Young, and silently sent
a thin tendril up his trouser leg and wrapped around the
ankle. He turned to go and fell, tripped by the vine.
Other tendrils came toward him. White and Milligan
pulled at him, took out their pocket knives and started to
hack through the restraining bands. It seemed as though
others came faster than they could be destroyed. At last
the Major was free and the three men started to run up
the hill as fast as they could.

  And as fast as they went up the hill the ivy came after
them. “Hell!” gasped White, shivering as he turned
around for a minute. “It is up with us, and it’s not grow-
ing. No plant could grow as fast as that! It is coming
out of the hole. Hurry! Horry!!"

  He paused on a flat spot, seized a large stone and
hurled it down the hill. The rock bounded into the air,
was caught in flight by a dozen tendrils, played with in
the air and then tossed aside as though inventoried as
useless. And a minute later the three men reached the
fence, climbed awkwardly over it and stood breathless
on the cement walk. Major Young uncovered his legs
and looked at them. They were bleeding from fifty
small wounds.

  Even as he bent over, a hand tapped his shoulder.
“You three men are under arrest for trespass,” said
the policeman. “Can’t you see that there is a 'no hunt-
ing’ sign on that tree?”

  Mayor Young stood erect and eyed the man coolly.

  “I should think you would know me, Thomas?” he
barked.
THE IVY WAR

165

  “Certainly he knows you,” interrupted another man,
none other than Hiram Jones, President of the Yeastford
Real Estate Company. “Certainly lie knows you, and
so do I. You thought you were clever at that last elec-
tion. You have tried for years to make a fool out of
me, and now I am going to make one out of you. You
three men are arrested for trespass. Tell your stories to
the Magistrate. Go ahead, Thomas. I will make the"
necessary charges against them.”

  “But my dear man,” expostulated Milligan, “you don’t
know-”

  “Don’t ‘dear man’ me," shouted Jones. “You talk like
an English actor. I’ll teach the three of you to hunt on
my land 1”

  “It was the ivy we were after,” explained White.

  “It’s something you ought to know about,” added
Milligan.

  “If you do not believe me, look at my legs,” pleaded the
Major.

  “The three of you are drunk. That is another charge,
Thomas. Drunk, disorderly and trespass. Run them
in.”

  That night the three men sat comfortably in the
bachelor home of the Major. Their experiences had
been decidedly unpleasant. All the political enemies of
the Mayor had delighted in his arrest, and while it had
resulted in nothing, more serious than a fine, which he
paid at once for the three of them, still, it was a humilia-
tion which rankled the spirit of the proud ex-soldier.
Besides, his legs hurt. There must have been a poison
in the tendrils which was infecting the minute wounds.
He sullenly bit on the end of the cigar that he was smok-
ing. The other two watched him closely. At last he
threw the butt into the ash tray and growled.

  “That stuff is growing fast. By morning it will fill
the whole damn hole. Perhaps by tomorrow it will start
to cross the fence.”

  “Are we just going to sit here and do nothing?” asked
White.

  “The people ought to be warned of their danger. When
it gets into the road, the little children playing there—
you know what might happen to the little children. And
after all, Major Young, you are the Mayor of the town.
You owe something to your office.”

  The Mayor of Yeastford looked sharply at the English-
man.

  “What do you think I ought to do?” he asked.

  “Let’s wait till morning,” urged White. “Then we
can go and see just what the situation is. I guess they
won’t arrest us for just walking on the street or the
sidewalk.”

THAT is what they did; just waited till morning.
All during the night the plant came out of the hole
and all during the night it climbed up the hill and up on
the trees and it grew, as well as crawled. The morning
came, bright and free from the fog of yestermorn. The
men, after a leisurely breakfast, walked towards the
swamp-hole. Even from a distance they coi^d easily
see that there was a change iir it. The trees looked
larger and greener, and as they neared the hole they saw'
that it was not a hole any more; there was a large hill
of green ivy with a few dead trees sticking their bare
branches through the white and green leaves, and the
whole mass was moving with a sickening undulation that
made the three observers shudder.

  They were not the only ones watching the hole.
Thomas, the policeman, was there, and Hiram Jones and
half a dozen others, and as many women, who were
holding their children tightly by the hands. One of the
women was talking in a shrill tone to Jones, and holding
her three-year-old child in her arms.

  “It’s dangerous!” she screamed. “You own that land,
and you ought to do something. I tell you it was drag-
ging my child down there when I heard the scream and
ran and pulled her loose. I was pealing potatoes and;
luck would have it, I carried the knife with me. You
going to let that weed grow there and kill our children ?”
“Bosh!” sneered Hiram Jones. “It is just ivy. Started
to grow there and the swamp-hole was so rich it grew
fast. Just ivy, I am telling you. I am going to make
cuttings of it and selHt for ten cents a cutting. Lots of
folks will buy a fast-growing vine like that for ten cents.
I’ll show you what I think of it. Bah! I’ll walk through
it.”

  He jumped over the fence and started down the hill.
Mayor Young called to him to stop, to come back, but
he kept on. That is, he kept on for a little while, and
then he turned around and started to scream. It was a
shrill, animal cry, and before it was ended the ivy was
over him, barring him from the onlookers except for a
few undulating movements. Another scream, and then
silence.

  The ivy started in a hundred pjaces to cross the road.
The folks of South Yeastford shrank back from it.
Women grabbed their children and ran trembling to their
nearby homes, shutting the doors and locking them.
Thomas walked over to the Mayor.

  “What does it mean, Major?” he asked. There was
no doubt about the fact that he was bothered. “Should
I get some of the boys and go in after him?”

  “Better not, Thomas. He is going to stay there and
so will anyone else who goes in there.”

  “But it is just a plant, ain’t it?”

  “Yes, it is just a plant,” the Mayor replied, rather
absently. “Just a plant. I think they call it ivy, Thomas.
You go around and tell all the women to keep their chil-
dren indoors. Mr. White and Mr. Milligan, suppose we
go back to my home and talk this over. I am sure that
we can do no good by standing here and watching that
damn thing grow. At the rate it is going it will be across
the roads by noon, and then—well—we will either have
to stop it or make the people get out of their homes.”

  In an hour the Courthouse bell called the men of the
town to a mass meeting. The bell was used only during
Court week or in case of fire. Naturally the men of
the town were curious. The Mayor lost no time in
telling them the reason back of the meeting. He talked
to them right from the shoulder; there was no mincing
of words.

  “The men of this town had better get axes and knives
and hatchets and start fighting,” he ended. “Otherwise,
the people in South Yeastford will be driven from their
homes in a few days. And they had better leave if the
ivy comes near them. I am going to leave this in the
hands of the Councilmen, and I and my guests- are going
to see the Governor.”

  Of course, there was endless talk. Everyone knew
that the Mayor had been fined the day before for dis-
orderly conduct. Perhaps he was still drunk. Still,
most of the men who attended the meeting left it to walk
over to South Yeastford. What they saw there was not
166

AMAZING STORIES

especially assuring. The ivy was now over the road
and starting to grow over the lawns on the other side.
An automobile had been driven over that street, but it
had been caught by the ivy, and the man driving it had
barely escaped with his life. It did not take the curious
spectators long to realize that they had to start in and
get busy. They did so, but without discipline or order,
each man for himself and in any way and place that he
wanted to. They worked all the rest of that day, and
then,- rather satisfied with clearing the street, they went
to their homes for the night.

  The next morning the ivy had recrossed the street and
was curling around some of the houses. By that time
the State Constabulary, under orders from the Governor,
arrived and took charge of the work. It was rumored
that several regiments of State Militia had been ordered
but. Eager newspaper reporters began to interrogate
the town people. Thomas, the policeman, was in his
glory. He was especially clever in describing how Hiram
Smith had yelled as the ivy dragged him under.

  It is an interesting fact that the Governor gave one
hundred percent credit, to the story told him by the three
visitors from Yeastford. Major Young, White and
Milligan had been able to show him that a very real
danger existed in his state of Pennsylvania. He promised
the Mayor all the help that the state machinery could
afford. He even offered to come to Yeastford himself,
as soon as he could do so. .After the conference, he gave
a long interview to the newspapers, in which he spoke
much about himself and little about his three visitors.
One would judge, from reading the article, that the
Governor had been the first one to discover the ivy and
to recognize its danger.

' On the fifth day two regiments of National Guards
and over a thousand citizens were actively fighting the
growing ivy. The men were working in relays. The
work was being performed in an orderly and systematic
manner. With the greatest difficulty, the roads were kept
clear and the ivy was confined to the swamp-hole.

  The fight to keep the ivy inside the fence was appar-
ently a fairly easy one. Every night the ivy grew, and
every day the branches that went over the fence were cut
off. Of course, it took till nearly dark to finish ths
day’s work, but when darkness came the road and side-
walks were cleared of the vegetating threat. There were
some casualties, but the offensive powers of the plant
seemed to be considerably diminished by the multiple
traumatisms that it was suffering. It looked like an
easy victory. Even Milligan, with his superior knowl-
edge, was hopeful of success. On the second day White
had returned to New York for further study of the
plant in his laboratory. He did not return till the sixth
day of the fight.

  On the train from New York he thought over the
situation. As the train neared the Water Gap he went
out on the rear platform. The Gap was passed and then
the pulp-mill and the track began to parallel Broadhead’s
Creek. There, above the power dam, he saw something
that made him turn white. He was still swearing when
he jumped off the train at East Yeastford. Milligan,
who had received the wire announcing his return, was
astonished to see the usually placid biologist so upset.

  “Milligan, what have those fools been doing?”

  "What do you mean?”

  "They have been cutting off that ivy. What did they
do with the pieces?”

   "They must have carted them away. I know. They
 took them in carts and dumped them into the creek.
 Some they took up on Fox Hill.”

   “They were fools and so were we. They should have
 been warned. Fire! That was what was needed! Fire!
 Perhaps it is too late now. Every piece that had an
 aerial rootlet and had a chance has started to grow.
 Broadhead’s Creek is full of it. It is starting to run up
 into the mountains around the Gap. Unless we act at
 once we are lost.”

    “But I do not understand,” cried Milligan. "I thought
 it all came from a central plant of some kind, a variety
 of plant animal that lived in the hole. Don’t the pieces
 die when cut off, as my fingers would if they were
 amputated ?”

   “No! That is going to be the trouble of it for this
 country. I have been working with it. Even the smallest
 piece, if it can obtain water, will start growing and make
 a new ‘animal.’ I wish I could escape from the word
 ‘animal,’ but I cannot. The ‘thing’ seems to have every-
 thing that we have in the way of vital systems, and I
 think that it has some kind of a mind. It can think.
 All that it has lacked so far is mobility. It seems to
 be attached to a central root and it just moves forward
 and grows as it moves, but the main body stays in the
 hole. That was the impression I obtained from what you
 told me, Milligan, and even in England, where no one
 fought it, it took a long time for it to cover just a small
 area. Here is a different story. We have been helping
 it. We threw hundreds of pieces into water and that
 water carried it down for miles. Perhaps some branches
 are drifting to Philadelphia at this minute. I am sure
 the whole Gap area is infested.”

   After that, fire was added to the weapons used. It
 seemed to work for a while, at least around South Yeast-
 ford. But in the woods of the Water,Gap it was a
 different story. There the forests were filled with small
 summer cottages and large hotels. There was a great
 investment. Fire in the woods meant burning buildings*
 The hotel owners started legal proceedings. There were
 injunctions and counter-injunctions. It all meant delay.

 EVEN at that time America was not air-minded. Had
 she been, the use of bombing airplanes would
 have been thought of at once. As it was, over two weeks
 passed before it occurred to anyone to try the extermina-
 tion of the central plant-animal by bombing from the
 air.

   Once thought of, everyone wondered why it had not
 been used the first day. Ton after ton of T.N.T. were
 dropped into the Swamp-Hole. The town of Yeastford
 was shaken by the explosions. Windows were shattered.
 When the attack ended, the hole was just a mass of
 pulverized rock and shattered trees. There was nothing
 green left. The victory was so easy that the authorities
 wondered at their fright of the past weeks.

   Yeastford seemed safe. If the Water Gap was in
 trouble, it was their own fault. The Governor of the
 State turned the matter oyer to a special committee and
 t started to build his fences for the next election. Up on
 the barren mountains of the Gap the ivy seemed to lose
 its terror. People simply learned to stay away from it.

   Meanwhile it was growing in the Delaware river. In
 this period of the war the attacking animal showed its
 diabolic cleverness. Of course, it was a thousand sepa-
 rate animals under the river, but each one, originating
THE IVY WAR

167

from the same parent stem, seemed to partake of the
original central nervous system, and one of the remark-
able points in the entire Ivy War—for so it was to be
termed in the histories of the future—was the ability of
all the plants to work in perfect synchronized harmony
with each other.

  The plants grew down the river. Biologists later on
stated that the original home was in deep subterranean
lakes, where it lived the part of an aquatic animal. It
certainly showed its ability to live under the waters of
the Delaware. It gave no evidence of its existence.
Not a leaf appeared above the surface of the water. It
simply stretched its long branches southward along the
bed of the river, and as those branches grew into long
submarine cables, they grew thicker until many of them
were over a foot in diameter and looked like large water
snakes, as their whitish brown sides appeared through
the boiling waters of the occasional rapids.

  The branches grew down the river till Philadelphia
was reached. Once more the combined intelligence of
the plant-animal showed itself in not making an imme-
diate attack. With flame, dynamite and ax, regiments
of men were fighting the menace on the slopes of the
mountains around the Delaware Water Gap. But no
one thought of searching the Delaware River between
Philadelphia and Camden; and had anyone thought of
it, it would have been difficult, almost impossible to
exterminate a mass "of tangled roots stretching for miles
along the river front and thirty feet deep in the channel
mud. Meantime the stranger was growing, gathering
strength, preparing for the conquest of the city.

  In spite of the many conjectures and surmises, no one
ever determined positively whether the ivy had a language
or some method of communicating with its various parts.
One thing is certain and that is the fact that during the
whole war it showed the intelligence of a thinking unit
of life. For example, instead of concentrating its forces
on a small town, it deliberately passed Portland, Easton,
Trenton, and waited till it reached one of the great cities
of the East, Philadelphia. Once there, it did not send a
single attacking branch to the east side of the river, to
Camden, but put all its energy into the conquest of the
larger city.

  The time that it selected for the attack was opportune.
It was a night in early spring, cold and damp with fog.
No one was out on the street, save from necessity. The
street lights gloomed like sullen stars overhead. The
wet streets and the moist air served as a blanket to
deaden every sound. Then, at midnight, when every
watchman was hunting the warmth and dryness of
shelter, the plant sprang forward to the attack. One
plant, perhaps, but with a thousand parts; one animal,
it might easily be, but with a thousand arms; one intel-
lect, but with a thousand deadly attributes.

  Up Market, Walnut, Arch and many streets running
west from the river the plant advanced to the attack. It
was silent in its growth, murderous in its desires.
Watchman after watchman died with the horrid coil
around his neck, giving, through a hundred punctuate
wounds, his life fluid to feed the plant and passing out
of consciousness without the least idea of what was
killing him. Into the cellars, the bootlegger’s joints,
the cheap boarding and rooming houses, the laterals
spread and collected therein their harvest of death.

  And as the “animal” tasted more and more blood it
worked faster, gathering its harvest of death. It worked

faster and even more silently. The city east of Broad
Street was surrendering to the enemy without even
knowing that there had been a battle waged. Aerial
rootlets fastened to the stone buildings, and up these
buildings the terminals grew, searching for their prey
through every open window, every unlocked door.

  Morning came, a lovely spring morning. Before the
kisses of the sunbeams the mist melted in gentle resig-
nation. The city awoke, feeling that it was good to be
alive, and not till then, when the first living people started
to invade the district east of Broad Street, did the city
and the nation realize what had happened during the
silent watches of the night.

  Those in that portion of the city who had escaped death
during the dark hours gayly walked out into the street
without the least intimation that anything was wrong, and
once there, died quickly. And whether they died quietly
or with screams made no difference to the “animal” that
closed around them and sucked out their fluids.

  Even in the daylight it took the forces of Philadelphia
some time to realize what had happened and was happen-
ing to them. It was not till nine in the morning that
the scientists suddenly appreciated the fact that the ivy
of Yeastford, the plant that was still being fought on the
mountains of the Water Gap had in some peculiar way
reached Philadelphia and was taking the city by storm.

IT was something greater than the business of a city
or the affairs of a state. This was something that
menaced the life of the nation. If an unsuccessful fight
were made against the plant in Philadelphia, what was
to hinder it from attacking other cities? Wilmington?
Baltimore? and even Washington?

  The defense was slow in starting because it could
see, at first, nothing but the advanced portion of the
enemy. It was plain to be seen that Market, Chestnut,
Arch and Walnut Street? were slowly filling with a mass
of green leaves, but it was not until daring aviators had
made an aerial survey of the situation that the defenders
realized the important fact that the attack had been
inaugurated from the river. Later on, when ship after
ship had been surrounded, pulled down into the river mud
and everyone of the crew killed, the real significance of
this became apparent.

  The ivy grew upward as well as onward. Front Street,
within twenty-four hours, was a mass of green embow-
ered houses, and some of the older ones were already
beginning to be pulled to pieces.

  The Governor of the State heard the news and he
recalled the three men from Yeastford. He lost no time
in trying to get in touch with them over the long-
distance telephone. Here more time was lost. The Mayor
had gone to New York for a rest. White was working
in his laboratory, trying to find some method of fighting
the ivy. Milligan had strangely disappeared. Unable to
locate any of the three, the Governor was momentarily
at a loss as to what to do next. In despair he sent .the
entire National Guard of the State to Philadelphia, under
the command of the Adjutant General of the State, while
he went to State College to talk matters over with the
Dean of the Agricultural Department. To his surprise he
found that gentleman had left for New York. Not till
later did he realize that the Dean had gone to White
for help as soon as he had heard of the trouble, realizing
that White, of all men, was the one most likely to be of
real assistance.
168

AMAZING STORIES

  The first day and the next the same tactics were
employed in fighting the ivy; that is, that had been used
in South Yeastford. The effort was made to keep it east
of Broad Street. The terminal branches were cut off as
they tried to cross the dead line.. As company after
company of the guards derailed they were marched to
the fighting line and put 011 sentry duty. No one was
allowed to even try to enter the doomed area. Death, by
this time omnipresent, kept anyone from leaving. As
though satisfied with its day’s work the ivy stopped
going westward, and seemed satisfied to solidify its
position in the east of the city.

  It had captured the subways, putting an end to all
travel there. The defense had an idea that it was work-
ing silently through the sewers of the city, but the danger
was so new, the problem so intense that 110 one had the
courage to speak openly about what might be going on
under the city.- The end of the second day came, with
Broad Street clear and a strange battle going on between
the military and financial forces of the city. The air
forces were anxious to drop depth-bombs into the Dela-
ware River, to try and blow the enemy to bits at its
headquarters. They wanted to throw T.N.T. into the
great green masses on Market and Arch Streets. They
were anxious to start a war to the death. And the money
interests, the financiers who had their millions invested in
real estate _and stores of precious goods east of Broad
Street protested. They appealed to the Governor, they
cried to the President, they even sent messages to the
Allwise demanding less harsh measures.

  Meantime, the ivy rested. At least, it seemed to rest.

  What it really did was to send a hundred roots up the
Schuylkill River and on the third nighfinvade the city
from the west. The dawn broke with every bridge, every
railroad track covered with ivy and evidences of having
been rather rapidly pulled to pieces. The Pennsylvania,
the B. and O., the Reading were all forced to suspend
operation. The city could no longer be fed.

  Conferences began. Interviews were given. Great
personalities ventured asinine opinions. Every Tom,
Dick and Harry, who was able to do so, rushed into print.
There were a thousand remedies offered, none of which
could be of any possible use. The Red Cross, the Regu-
lar Army, the Grand Old Party and the Amalgamated
Labor Unions each started in to do their bit. But every-
body was working in a different way to accomplish the
same thing, and no one was quite sure of just what he
really wanted to do.

  Meantime the plant was growing, the “animal” was
becoming more powerful. It was gradually gathering in
its forces on every side of the city. The citizens started
to leave; there was little suffering, and after the first
day, there were practically no deaths, but the President’s
advisers realized that a panic would start just as soon as
the city dwellers knew the possibility of their being
entirely surrounded. So, they silently encouraged the
depopulation of the city.

  At last the national danger was so plainly seen, that
orders were given to bomb the rivers and the city east of
Broad Street. That order would have been carried out
had not White arrived in Philadelphia and asked for a
delay. He made a peculiar figure before the important
personages gathered at Army Headquarters in City Hall.
He was rather cheaply dressed, was without a hat and
carried a Boston bag in one hand a gallon demijohn
in the other. It took a good deal of introducing to make

the Generals realize that the man before them was the
leading expert in plant physiology in the Western Hemi-
sphere.

“T? VER since this ivy war started in the swamp-hole
XL in South Yeastford,” he began, "I have been trying
to devise some scientific method of fighting it. I have
felt the uselessness, the utter hopelessness of making a
frontal attack on it in force. We were able in Monroe
County to cut it to pieces, but each little piece simply
started in to make a new plant with all the devilish brains
of the mother ‘animal.’

  “I started to study this peculiar form of ivy. I found
that it had a nervous system and through this nervous
system it was able to communicate with its various parts.
But, most important of all, was the discovery that it had
a circulation that was rather like that of the fetal cardio-
vascular system. It actually pumps fluid from one end
of its body to the other.

   “Before 1 arrived at this conclusion, the scientists who
studied plants were at a loss to explain the movement of
sap in the larger forms of vegetative life. Atmospheric
pressure would only raise the sap thirty-four feet, the
height of the water barometer. Osmotic pressure might
play a part,'but it is so slow that in the giant Eucalyptus
Amygdalina it would take a year of osmotic pressure to
take sap to the top, four hundred and fifty feet above
the ground. Nothing explained this movement of sap
till I found in; this ivy a propulsive tissue very much like
the heart muscle.

  “Once I found that, I realized that the ivy had a cir-
culation in two directions. Much of the time I have been
wondering whether I was working with an animal or
with a plant, but that does not make any difference,
because I have found the thing to kill it with.”

   “Well, what is it?” yelled an irritated General.

  “Simply this,” and White held up the gallon demijohn.
“This is the stuff that will do the work. But I ought to
tell you that I think this ivy is more of an animal than
it is a plant. At least its sap has cells in it, different
from our red corpuscles, yet, at the same time, a little
like them. When I found that out I started to make a
haemolytic toxin, something that would have the same
effect on the sap of the ivy that poison of the cobra
serpent has on the blood of man. It was not very easy,
but I found it, and for the last three days Milligan and I
have been over in Wolf Hollow north of the Gap, experi-
menting with it. And I tell you one thing: it kills the
ivy and it kills it quickly. Inject it into this blood stream
at the terminal end of the animal and it travels back
through the animal-plant like fire and literally kills as it
travels.

  “You give me a company of soldiers to help me and
Milligan and I.will liberate this city in a few days, and
then I am going to advise the President to start a war of
extermination against every ivy in this country, no
matter how harmless and innocent it may seem.”

  One of the Generals turned to another.

  “Is it worth trying?” he asked.

  “I think so,” was the reply. “We will wait twenty-
‘four hours and at the end of that time if there are no
results, we will start the bombing planes.”

   Half an hour later a peculiar event was taking place at
Broad and Market Streets, on the northwest corner of
Wanamaker’s store. A company of soldiers had isolated
a branch of the ivy, had cut off all the tendrils and had
THE IVY WAR

169

pulled it out till it lay like a writhing snake, its end almost
touching City Hall. It twisted and pulled and squirmed
and almost got away from the hundred men holding it
fast. Sitting on it was White, With Milligan helping
him fill a 25 c.c. glass septic hypodermic syringe. At last
it was filled and the three-inch hollow needle was plunged
into the bark of the ivy, the toxin being slowly injected
into the circulatory vessels. Instantly the leafless branch
dropped to the pavement. Back of its attachment to the
store the green leaves were turning brown, the waving
tendrils, seeking in everlasting motion their human food,
dropped uncoiled and lifeless. A thick swarth of green
ceased moving and hung dead on the side of the great
emporium.

  Walking a hundred feet across Market, White picked
out another branch for attack. The same procedure
brought the same results. Ten doses were given and
then twenty. The aviators reported that long streaks of
brown were appearing among the green and that these
streaks were going back to the river. White asked for a
few physiologists, whom he could train to give the injec-
tions. The men whom he wanted appeared as though by
magic. Milligan directed the work while White went
back to New York for a larger supply of the haemolytic
poison.

  Now that a means of defense was assured and a defi-
nite program arrived at, everybody worked in harmony.
System grew out of chaos. Hope took the place of
gloom. The nation, interested at last, financed the rest
of the war. White was made a General, Milligan was
decorated, and Major Young, promoted to a Colonelcy,

was placed in charge of the Monroe County portion of
the battle.

  The war ended with the same rapidity with which it
had begun. From the first the living organisms must
have realized the hopelessness of the struggle, because
they made a definite and orderly retreat. Tearing off
their branches, they withdrew to their place of security
in the rivers, and even there, realizing that they would
be hunted for with grappling hooks, fled hastily to the
ocean.

  The nation, aroused to the peril, conducted a systematic
campaign of extermination. The Delaware River, from
the Gap to the Capes, was thoroughly dredged, and when-
ever a branch was found it was given its dose of death
dealing fluid. And not till the army of science was
satisfied that there was no more enemy, did the conflict
stop.

  Colonel Young went back to Yeastford. He had no
trouble in being elected Mayor for the seventh term.
The morning after election he was in his office receiving
the congratulations of his friends. In walked William
Coonel, as usual, slightly spliflicated. The Colonel re-
called the previous visit of the inebriated worthy.

  “Well, Bill,” he said kindly. “Sit down and have a
cigar. It was a great war while it lasted, but we won
out at last, and the ivy is no more.”

  “Yes, I guess the war is over, Colonel,” replied the
hunter, “but, after all, the fact that we won ain’t going
to bring me back my rabbit hound. He was a great
dog, Colonel, too good a dog to be eat up by a good-for-
nothing plant.”

The End

What Do You Know?

T>EADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
to be gained through reading its pages than from many a text-book. Moreover, most of the stories are written
in a popular vein, making it possible for anyone to grasp important facts.

    The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please
see if you can answer the questions without looking for the answer, and see how well you check up on your general
knowledge of science.

 1.	What would be the final effect of sufficient increase
 of frequency of rotation of the sun ? (See pages 105-6.)

 2.	Where does a great region of asteroids lie in the
 heavens? (See page 114.)

 3.	Can you name one of the larger asteroids? (See
 page 114.)

 4.	How many are the greater moons of Jupiter? (See
 page 115.)

 5.	What is the approximate time of rotation of Jupiter?
 (See page 117.)

 6.	Which of Saturn’s many moons has the greatest
 mass? (See page 118.)

 7.	What is the impressive feature of Saturn’s mass?
 (See page 118.)

 8.	How many moons has Neptune? What is one dis-
 tinctive feature thereof? (See page 121.)

 9.	How docs the size of Neptune compare with that of'
 the earth? (See page 122.)

  10.	What arc the relations of chemical reactions to life?
  (See page 132.)

  11.	What is the specific gravity of the earth? (See page
  142.)

 12.	How many kinds of earth waves set up by earth-
 quakes are there? (See page 142.)

 13.	Can you describe the details of an operation for
 appendicitis? (See page 158.)

Sequel to The Skylark of Space

Begins in August and continues for three consecutive issues.

SKYLARK THREE, By Edward E. Smith, Ph.D.

Order your copies now from your newsdealer, or send your subscription direci t<5
Amazing Stories, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.
One would have been
sufficiently aware of this
fact had one visited Gil-
crest’s laboratories be-
fore the disaster, and
observed the army of
freaks, monstrosities and
living contradictions that
they contained.

UT of all the millions of sufferers during the
M % Reign of Confusion of 1964-65, there were
■ M not more than a few hundred who under-
J stood the original cause of the disturbance.

           To most of us, baffled and bewildered, the
trouble seemed to descend like a veritable curse from
heaven; and in our dismay and terror, it was as if the
very underpinnings of the universe had given way, and
all known and tested laws had been suspended. There-
fore. it was but natural that a wave of superstition
should sweep the land; but natural that men, finding all
accepted beliefs failing them, should fall back upon the
emotions of savages, or of panic-stricken wild things.
For, who, five years ago, could have foretold that lambs
were to become like lions, and lions like lambs, and

Circe

          supposedly harmless creatures to prove
          themselves our mortal foes?

           Now, however, when the menace has
passed and the world has regained its sanity,
we can begin to look with perspective upon
the events of 1964-65, and take proper ac-
count of causes and effects. And we. can
perceive that the Reign of Confusion was
but a by-product of our own scientific
ingenuity.

  Or, more specifically, it was a by-product
of the ingenuity of one man. That man,
Theodore Gilcrest by name, was director
of the zoological gardens recently estab-
lished at Washington under governmental
auspices. Had he confined himself to his
duties as director, there would have been no
reason to pen these words, and the world
would have been spared incalculable suffering; but, as
we have come to learn, he had a penchant for scientific
experimentation, and his position at the head of the
zoological gardens offered him an opportunity to in-
dulge his lifelong hobby. It was not generally known at
the time that he was conducting researches at the ex-
pense of his four-footed and winged charges; and, had
this fact been revealed, his dismissal would probably
have followed. But for several years, in a private
laboratory adjoining the zoological grounds, he was wont
to experiment upon an occasional wolf cub, or antelope,
or serpent, as well as upon plants of various kinds and
upon large numbers of cats, dogs, and insects. It must
be said for him, however, that while his use of govern-
ment property was unlicensed, the purpose that actuated

170
By Stanton A. Coblentz

rAuthor of: “The Gas Weed,” “The Wand of Creation,” etc.

        Man's familiarity with animals begins with his earliest days, and the nature
        of his four-footed friends and enemies and of the various footed creatures of
        the insect world is deeply assimilated and becomes a part of his nature. But
        suppose that by some ray process which might be discovered sometime in the
        future, new and unexpected forms should be developed—if, for instance, the
        harmless sheep became ferocious animals, or the worm should fight the hen!
        Strange things have been done in the laboratory before. Why should the
        scientist by direct laboratory processes not do even more than has ever been
        achieved by the slower natural processes employed by the breeder of prize
        animals? The ductless glands are responsible for so much in the life proc-
        esses—what might they do if it were possible to control their action?.

         •	Illustrated by

of Science ■

him was never mere idle curiosity; nor was he in aiiy
way able to foresee the tragedy that lay ahead. For he
was a scientist, conducting his investigations in the
manner of thousands of his kindred, although with
more brilliance and ingenuity than the majority; and he
was pursuing the scent of what promised to be a world-
moving discovery. He had ferreted out, in a word,
the secret of a biological alchemy; he had solved the
problem of the artificial mutation of species. And he
could produce at will new varieties, even new genera and
families of animals and plants!

  Unfortunately, it is impossible, at this late date, to de-
scribe precisely how Gilcrest achieved his extraordinary
result; for the inventor, horrified at the eventual out-
come of his discovery, has destroyed the formula and
so precluded for all time the repetition of his experiment.
But this much is known: he operated by means of a new
light-regulating machine, akin to the X-ray, although
different from it in several essentials; and he availed him-
self of those parts of the spectrum invisible to the human
yision. Opinion is divided as to whether he made use
of the ultra-violet or of the infra-red rays, and he him-
self has resolutely refused to break silence on the sub-
ject ; but what he does acknowledge, since this admission
can furnish no vital clue, is that he applied the rays for
definitely regulated periods to the reproductive organs
and germinal cells of animals, and to the seeds, spores
and pollen of plants, thereby producing a chemical
change that operated in some obscure way to transform ‘
species. Gilcrest himself was never-able to foresee
just what direction that change was to take, and could
only surmise that he had modified the life-bearing cells
in some essential, creating in a few minutes the effect

of hundreds or even thousands of generations of evolu-
tion. But while the alterations appeared to follow no
regular law, they were governed in one respect by a
rude uniformity : they worked by a rule of opposites, and
in most cases the transformed species assumed qualities
as unlike their former selves as fire is unlike frost.

  One would haye been sufficiently aware of this fact
had one visited Gilcrest’s laboratories before the dis-
aster, and observed the army of freaks, monstrosities and
living contradictions that they contained. But nearly
all those freaks and monstrosities have since made them-
selves only too familiar to the world—so that it would be
pointless to describe them at this place. It will be neces-
sary to remark, however, that Gilcrest wished his new
species to prove of genuine value to mankind, and that
he had found encouragement in the fact that they would
breed true to type, thereby giving hope of their indefinite
perpetuation. . . . And the great biologist’s expectations
might indeed have found justification, had it not been
for the catastrophe that frustrated his years of effort in
one hour and flung open a Pandora’s box upon the
world.

  Gilcrest has never been-able satisfactorily to explain
the fire that attacked his laboratory late one night—
whether it was due to lightning, or to incendiaries, or to
an electrical short-circuit; or whether one of the trans-
formed monkeys, finding a box of matches carelessly left
on a laboratory table, had let havoc loose upon himself
and his fellows. Gilcrest himself is inclined to favor the
latter explanation; but, whether or not he be correct in
this, the fact is that he was awakened one night with a
sooty odor in his nostrils and with the red flare.of fire be-
fore his eyes. And, to his consternation, he discovered

171
172

AMAZING STORIES

that his laboratory, which lay just behind his house, was
a scene of spouting smoke and flame. Not more than
half awake, he gave the alarm and aroused the household;
then, long before the arrival of the firemen, dashed to
the laboratory door, and fighting his way through the
strangling fumes, flung open cage after cage, setting free
the screeching, screaming occupants. Behind him he
heard the flapping of panic-stricken wings, the rushing
of panic-stricken legs, as the released birds and beasts
made for the doorway and vanished. Yet never for one
moment, in his excitement and alarm, did he reflect as
to the folly of letting these creatures loose upon the
wo^ld; maddened at the thought of their peril, he
worked in reckless disregard of his own safety, until,
assisted by neighbors and firemen, he had rescued most
of the animals, as well as a considerable number of the
plants that grew about the windows in flower-pots.
And when at last, scorched and half suffocated, he extri-
cated himself from the ruins, it was in a state of torment
and nervous collapse that was to confine him to his bed
for a month. . . . None the less, between delirious rav-
ings and mutterings, he was heard to rejoice that his
creations had been spared. Little did he suspect what a
plague he had bequeathed to mankind!

  A day or two later, the earliest signs of trouble began
to be reported. A Maryland farmer, waving a stick at
a creature that he mistook for a crow, was terror-
stricken to find the bird attacking him and lacerating
him about the hands and face. Simultaneously, a farmer
in Delaware, about to shoot a chicken hawk, was dumb-
founded to hear the supposed marauder bursting into
song, which he declared to compare favorably with that
of the field lark. Of course, neither report was believed
at first—yet both were mild enough by comparison with
that which lay in store. It was in the city of Washing-
ton that the first pronounced symptoms were observed;
and the manner of their appearance was such that denial
was impossible. Not one citizen, but a thousand, paused
in astonishment to watch the little dog equipped with
claws that enabled it to climb trees like a squirrel; and
another thousand, at the lowest estimate, listened to the
squirrel with a transformed larynx that permitted it to
bark like a dog.

  These, however, were the least of the new-born
wonders. Others were more alarming by far. In cer-
tain sections of the city, a panic was caused by the an-
nouncement that several cats, reverting to ancestral
habits, had become beasts of prey, at war with all human
society; and no one could explain why it was that a score
of lonely pedestrians, mostly women and children, had
been pounced upon at night and dangerously slashed by
the blood-thirsty brutes. Still more difficult to account
for was the fact that rabbit-like creatures had been seen
—surely, not actually rabbits!—which had forgotten the
traditional timidity of their kind, and had no hesitation
about approaching and biting unwary passers-by. But
most horrible of all was the discovery that venomous ser-
pents were wriggling about among the lawns of the
Capitol grounds—serpents of an extraordinary kind,
with monstrously overdeveloped heads and poison-sacs,
combined with a swiftness of motion and a sagacity that ‘
made them almost impossible to slay. Only after one
of these reptiles had had the poor judgment to sink its
fangs into the calf of a United States Senator, and had
made the Mistress of the White House execute a scream-
ing retreat, did men in general recognize the seriousness
of the situation.

  But much more frightening manifestations soon began
to appear. One of the most disquieting of all was the
insect menace. Shall any of us ever forget the terror
of the summer of 1964, when a new species of house-fly
descended upon us, equipped with a blood-sucking para-
phernalia that the mosquito might have envied? Shall
we forget how our days were passed in torment, and
how we could scarcely venture out of doors without be-
ing attacked by swarms of these little savages, whose
ferocity was equalled only by their fecundity, and who
left one’s skin a mass of aching bites and blisters?
Probably due to the transportation of their eggs in rail-
way coaches and motor cars and in the garments of
travelers, they quickly spread across the country; and,
before the summer was over, there were few cities and
scarcely a countryside in the United States in which one
could safely venture abroad without covering one’s face
and hands with mosquito netting.

  But worse still—though for a while it seemed im-
possible to believe that anything could be worse—was
the new species of wood-burrowing beetles, whose jaws
had the efficiency and the cutting power of steel blades.
It is hard to say how many buildings they undermined,
excavating in the walls and foundations and living on an
exclusive diet of wood. It is only known that thousands
of dwellings, apparently substantial a few months be-
fore, suddenly were in a state of collapse, their floors
and walls giving way, their posts and pillars weak as
cardboard. And invariably thousands of little gray-green
beetles, scarcely a quarter of an inch in length, would be
found complacently dining among the ruins.

  But for the average man, if he were fortunate enough
not to be made homeless by the beetles or goaded to
self-extinction by the flies, perhaps the most distressing
thing about the entire era was the confusion that gave it
its name. One could not approach an ant or a butterfly
and be sure that it would not squirt poison into one’s
face. One could not befriend a homeless dog without
suspecting that it was about to spring at one’s throat.
One could not observe a browsing cow without fear that
it would charge like a maddened bull. One could not
feed a dove without danger of being slashed as by an
eagle, or watch an eagle without the possibility of hear-
ing it cooing; one could not be certain whether the crea-
ture swimming in a pond were a duck or a webbed hen,
or whether the bird of brilliant plumage were a pheasant
or a transformed sea-gull; and one would have to learn
not to be surprised at seeing the deer giving chase to the
fox, or the sparrow darting in pursuit of the falcon, or
the worm turning and defying the early robin. Such
sights, during those astounding years, 1964 and 1965,
were to become the merest commonplaces; and the only
thing that any one knew positively was that the action
of all creatures alike had become unpredictable. Had
nature herself gone crazy? Had the laws of thousands
of years suddenly been suspended? Not so! as we of
today realize well enough; the trouble was due solely to
those misfit creations of Gilcrest, all of which, whatever
their particular characteristics, possessed one attribute
in superlative degree: the power of reproducing rapidly
and prolifically, and of endowing their descendants with
their own astonishing qualities. .

  But the changes introduced by Gilcrest did not confine
themselves to the animal world. They were botanical
as well as zoological in their nature; and there were
those who maintained that the worst pests of all were
the new plants. One could hardly be blamed for ob-
A CIRCE

OF SCIENCE

173

jecting, for example, to the exquisite red rose with the
odor of carrion; or to the lily with the concealed sabre-
like spines that would leap out unexpectedly and stab
one; or to the grass with the tar-like exudation, which
made whole fields resemble great patches of sticky fly-
paper; or to the little vine-grown fruits which, despite
their similarity to the blackberry, had an acrid, unfor-
gettable taste comparable to that of ink. Or, again, one
had a right to complain when the pollen oi certain new
plants contaminated the seeds of fruits and vegetables, so
that cucumbers had a habit of becoming sweet like water-
melons, and watermelons of being sugar less as cucum-
bers; while one could never be sure, upon opening an
orange, whether it was not to be sour as a lime; and,
upon slicing a tomato for one’s salad, one would feel
fortunate if it did not have the flavor of red pepper.
It was as if nature, like some malicious jester, had per-
formed feats of jugglery, until everything was topsy-
turvy, and one could not know when one was to fall
victim to some unprecedented prank.

  But what could be done to restore the world to sanity?
How conquer the formidable array of animal and vege-
table freaks ? This was a question of crucial importance,
for mankind was being more than harried and annoyed;
it was being demoralized; men no longer went as usual
about their daily work; they toiled, if at all, in a nerve-
less, half-hearted manner, and with the irritation of be-
ings under a perpetual shadow; incalculable numbers
were giving way to hysteria, and even to insanity;
thousands upon thousands were roaming the land at ran-
dom, without reason or purpose; crimes of passion and
violence were becoming frequent as never before, and at
the same time there was an aimlessness never previously
observed in the ordinary affairs of life. Had the Day of
Judgment been impending, men could scarcely have be-
haved in a more haphazard, irrational way—for the
solid earth seemed to be slipping from beneath them,
and in the ensuing chaos they had no firm goal at which
to clutch.

  Nor could the wisest among them offer much aid.
Philosophy had no word of advice to utter; religion
stood back dazed and speechless; even science apparently
could not extend a helping hand. And yet science was
doing its eager best to solve the dilemma; science had
flung open ten thousand laboratories, wherein physicians
and biologists, bacteriologists and chemists were labor-
ing to combat the pest. The record of the year and a
half of research has many heroic anecdote to show,
but in a practical way it accomplished nothing. During
the interval, Gilcrest’s plants and animals had spread to
every corner of the globe, and yet not one thing had
been done—absolutely not one thing—that promised to
end the Reign of Confusion! In vain did the researchers
experiment with poisons and deadly fumes; in vain
did they attempt to wipe out the invaders by methods of
direct slaughter. No task ever undertaken has ap-
peared more hopeless; the new species were not only
almost impossible to recognize at sight, but they multi-
plied so rapidly that in most cases two were born for
every one that was killed. Such, indeed, was their rate
of increase that it seemed likely that the world would,
soon be over-run with them! And the more pessimistic
—who included two persons out of every three—began to
predict that before long the earth would become unin-
habitable for man.

  By the summer of 1965, it seemed likely that this
prediction was to be fulfilled. Throughout the length

and breadth of the civilized world, pestilence was spread-
ing; agriculture had almost come to a standstill; com-
merce and industry, when they had not ceased altogether,
dragged on as lamely as a dog on three legs. And since
little food was being produced, and still less transported,
the inhabitants of all the great cities of the earth began
to cry out despairingly for bread; while half a dozen
plagues, arising simultaneously, as plagues always will
arise in time of want, began to take toll of the famished
natives of all lands. And meanwhile there was no one
to seize control of . the disorganized wheels of world
affairs, no one to put the farmers back upon the land,
the laborers back in the abandoned factories. Only a
few persevering scientists, struggling to stem the tide
of disaster somewhat as a child with a toy shovel might
struggle against a river floor, were still seeking a solution
of the problem; and even they were not far from con-
fessing themselves beaten.

   In that terrible summer of 1965, the hospitals swarmed
with the sick and dying; the streets were made dismal
with the wailings of the bereaved, the moans and sighs
of the hungry and the hopeless; and the churches of all
lands were filled with weeping and praying penitents
who foresaw the end of the world. Even the more
courageous fraction of mankind, who held that our race
would yet come to terms whh the invaders, were assured
that the world would henceforth be a harsher and more
difficult place in which to live. And meanwhile none,
not even the most optimistic, anticipated the sudden and
complete vanquishing of the enemy.

   Or, rather, none—with only one known, exception.
In those hysterical days, when most of us hovered pre-
cariously on the brink of unreason, few persons paid
much attention to the insistent young woman who pro-
claimed that she had had a vision foretelling the end of
the Reign of Confusion. “All the new species are lacking
in one essential,” she contended, “and that is racial
tenacity of life. The very force that brought them so
suddenly into being will remove them as suddenly from
our midst. They are freaks who owe their existence to
the creative energy in the light rays that produced them;
but that creative energy will be exhausted very soon,
just as the electricity in a storage battery is exhausted;
and all the plants and animals will perish.”

   Owing to the definite terms in which this prophecy
was couched, there were those who suspected that it did
not represent a vision at all, but rather a shrewd bit of
scientific foresight. At all events, the young woman’s
prognostication was to be tellingly verified. Early in the
autumn of 1965, when the world had sunk to its lowest
depth of despondency and want, and when pestilence
was ferreting out the quarters of rich and poor alike,
an extraordinary fact was announced. The stinging flies
--were growing less abundant, and in some districts had
entirely ceasecj to be seen! And the burrowing beetles
were not half so noticeable as before! At first, upon
hearing these tidings, men merely opened their eyes in
surprise, and then, with hopeless nods, turned away—
such false reports had reached them too often! . But it
was not many weeks before a gleam of hope began to
appear in even the most hopeless eyes. It seemed in-
credible, but it was undeniably true!—one no longer
saw dogs climbing trees; sparrows did not growl or
ravens sing, canaries no longer displayed the inclinations
of hawks! But thousands upon thousands of creatures,
which, upon investigation, proved to be of the new
(Continued on page 181)
Through the Veil

Why, out there was a world of tiny
flying things, no larger titan a half a
dozen inches high and flying about like
butterflies and bees!

By Leslie F. Stone

Author of “Out of the Void” and “A Letter
of the Twenty-fourth Century”
UCH study has of recent times been given to the various
branches of legendary science, among which is included the
study of Irish folklore. Unquestionably there is here a fertile field
for writers of scientific fiction, for it lends itself to much investiga-
tion of the history and traditions of a race. Miss Stone gives us
the true Celtic atmosphere in this charming short story of the fourth	.■

dimension and Irish folklore.

                 Illustrated by DE PAUW

r "■ ""^RUE, Jack Warren had not seen his one-time
I friend, Charlie Keller, for a number of years,

    ! but then, he had not been in New York but
I once during that time, and that had been a
matter of business with no time for social
visits. If Keller had come to Rochester, Jack did not
know, but the fact remained that it had been years since
the two had seen each other. And now Jack did not
know why he had come to one of the old brownstone
fronts, where Keller continued to live, even though
downtown New York was encroaching upon the old
street where Grandfather Keller had built his home.

  At college Charlie and he had been good friends.
They might even have been called chums in those good
old days of camaraderie, but with the graduation each
had gone his own way, each to his own home-tawn, each
to his own interests. And now Jack knew that Charlie
was dabbling in science. At school he had been a shark
for chemistry and physics, so it was not unnatural, since
Charlie’s old man had left him plenty of wherewithal,
with which he could devote himself to his old love. Once
or twice Jack had seen his name in the papers, referring
to his work in the field of X-rays. There was even a
certain little doo-dad on the medical X-ray machine
which bore Keller’s name.

  And here he was waiting in the old antiquated draw-
ing room of the Keller brownstone, while an almost as
antiquated butler went to inform his master of the
advent of a guest. In a few minutes Warren heard
footsteps running down the stairs and Charlie of old
stood before him. The one-time chums shook hands
warmly, voiced equally as warm greetings, and sur- *
reptiously eyed each other for the changes the years
must have brought. There followed a few minutes of"
reminiscences of college days. However, through it all
Keller appeared restlessly nervous, and after the first
wave of greeting had passed he spoke in jerky sentences.
“Pardon my rush, Jack, old man, but I’ve just left some
work of mine up-stairs that can’t stand waiting. Wait
until I finish—or would you prefer to come to the lab.
and wait? Just a half hour or so and I’ll be ready to
show you the town, or what have you?”

  “Oh, sorry, if I interrupted you, Charlie. I’ll go along
with you. I understand you’ve done some big work in
your time.”

  Keller was modest about what he called his success
as he led the way up the carpeted stairs and into the ,
large room upon the the third floor that he called his
lab. 1 Jack was surprised to discover the wealth of equip-
ment that filled the room. He himself had not been
in a scientific laboratory since he had left the university.
Keller left him alone while he went into a box-like affair

in one corner of the room that Jack recognized as a
dark room. Left alone, Warren strolled about the room
gingerly peering at the various apparatus, retorts, arrays
of glass tubes and other paraphernalia. He came to stop
before what looked to him like an ordinary camera, but
it had several strange looking attachments, which he did
not try to understand. Then Keller appeared from the
dark room carrying several small sheets of developed
photographs that he was handling carefully. On seeing
his guest looking at the camera he observed, “Ah my
Z-ray camera interests you, eh?”

  Warren turned to him. “Z-ray? Isn’t that something
new ? I thought you were devoted to the X-ray.”

  Keller grinned. “I had to study the X-ray to be able
to discover the Z-ray. They \w>rk in conjunction.”

  “Oh, do they?”

  Keller seemed hesitant. Then he thrust forward the
photographs that were still damp from the developing
solution. He watched his friend’s face as he studied the
pictures. Warren looked at them a minute, then he was
grinning. “Oh, you and Conan Doyle, eh? Since when
have you been interested in fairies, Charlie ?”

  Keller smiled back. “Ever since I was knee-high to a
duck, Jack.”

  Warren whistled. “But really you are not going into
this thing seripusly, old man! Why, you’ll be a laugh-
ing stock, if that gets out. Is that what all this means?”
and he waved an arm to take in the camera and the
laboratory.

  Keller nodded. “It’s a long story, Charlie, and I’ve
not told a soul yet, but since you dropped in on me on
the very day that I found it, you are welcome to hear
all about it!”

  “You mean, Charlie, that you have actually photo-
graphed those things—that. . . .”

  Keller nodded again. “It is true, and if you don’t
believe me I’ll take you out in the garden and let you
photograph them yourself! It was lucky for me that I
found one of the ‘holes’ right in my own garden!”

“WHAT 'n world are you talking about? Tell.

  » » me, you haven’t lost your mind . . . like so many
of these inventor fellows do?”

  The other laughed at that, and without another ward
he picked up the camera and led Warren downstairs ami
through a side door that led into a pretty garden in the
rear of the house. One does not expect to find such
a beauty spot in the heart of the fifties, and that had
added to its charm in the days of Grandfather Keller.
He had built up the entire square block of houses in his
day, but in their center he had preserved enough ground
to make the garden what it was. And it had been the

175
176

AMAZING STORIES

scene of many a fete in the old days. There was a frog-
pond, and tall cedar trees on its rim, a rose garden that
bore every species of rose known to man, a gravel walk
that drifted in and about the hedgerows and a little bit
of a sunken garden. At one end, against a tall stone
mossy wall, was a loggia where were set a half dozen
garden chairs, and here and there in the garden were ar-
ranged little bowers that invited a twosome. Keller pere
had been somewhat of a poet. Here as a boy Charlie
Keller had spent almost all of his boyhood, and here
had been many a love-quarrel forgotten. People had
visited the Kellers just to stroll in the old-fashioned
garden. And now Charlie had found another use for it.

  He took Warren-along the gravel walk to a corner
where was placed a stone bench and near itxn a pedestal
stood a “round tummied” Cupid, ready to shoot one of
his arrows. Keller squinted up at the sun. It was four
o'clock of a mid-summer day so that the sun was still
high enough for taking pictures. Carefully he set his
camera on the bench and kneeling upon the grass he
placed his eye against the peephole, and spent a half a
dozen minutes in focusing it properly. He motioned to
Warren to come close, and put the bulb of the camera
in his hand. “Push,” he told his friend, and Jack, as
though to humor a maniac, did so.

  "Well, now,” observed Keller, “you’ve done it!
You’ve photographed two fairies!”

  Warren was now certain that the other was out of his
mind, but he managed a grin, though he wanted to turn
his back and leave Charlie and his toys forever. But
Charlie Keller understood what was passing through
Jack’s mind and sympathetically he smiled. “Here, Jack,
look in for yourself and ask yourself if you are dream-
ing or not,” he suggested. “You think I’m crazy, but
after you see what I have seen, decide then whether or
not you call me or yourself insane.”

  Reluctantly Warren knelt and placed his eye to the
sighting hole of the camera, expecting to see nothing
more than the leaves of the rose bush that faced the
camera's eye. And for a moment he did not seen any-
thing, but Keller urged him to continue to look through.
What was that beautiful shade of light that had crept
into everything? The very light itself was entrancing.
Then he saw something that so startled him that he lost
his balance and sat on the ground with a plop. But he
was back again at the camera staring with the greatest
of wonder and misbelief at what he had seen.

  They were a dozen feet away, or so it appeared in
the camera. They were fairies, those little bits of
ephemeral things with their gauzy wings and dresses
of flower petals. And there was—by gosh—there was
an elf—just as one sees them in children’s picture
books. Why, out there was a world of tiny flying things,
no larger than a half a dozen inches high and flying
about like butterflies and bees! It was incredible, but
they moved and they were alive. There was one tiny
creature sticking its head into the heart of a flower, a
violet, and when it looked up again, it appeared as
though it had just relished a tidbit!

  Warren could not tear his eyes from the camera. It
was the strangest and most beautiful sight he had ever
seen. Then he looked on beyond the fairies, to a pretty
piece of flower covered ground with clouds and blue
skies overhead where before had been only a rose bush
and the garden wall beyond! Realizing this, Warren
took his eyes away and glared almost angrily at Keller

who was standing a foot away and smiling broadly.

   “Say, what’s this? Are you trying to play with me,
 Charlie Keller? Why this thing’s no more than one of
 those penny-shows you see in a machine in Coney
 Island!” He was blustering now over the hoax which
 he thought his friend had pulled upon him.

   “Don’t be a fool, Jack. Do you think I’d bother to
 bring you into the garden for that? And where could
 one photograph those things? No, my friend, you have
 simply been looking into the Fourth Dimension! And
 those creatures you saw there are really living and
 enjoying life as you see them. I could not have ‘faked’
 such a scene. Now, could I?”

   “But Charlie, it’s impossible,” muttered Warren, his
 blustering gone.

   “No, no, Jack, it is the truth. Come into the house.
 I had better tell you more about it.”

 HE picked up the camera almost lovingly, and pre-
 ceded Warren through the garden. About to enter
 the house, he paused. “No, on second thought, let’s sit
 here in the garden. It's more pleasant, and besides, the
 story will sound better out here where it belongs.” He
 led the way to the company of wicker chairs under the
 loggia. He pressed a buzzer and in a minute or so the
 antiquated butler came forth beaming, bearing a tray
 with its decanter of rare brandy and the glasses. Thus
 refreshed Charlie began to talk.

   "As a child, Jack, I believed in fairies. Of course
 lots of children do—or used to. I don’t know if they
 have lost the capacity of believing in this day of machines
 and traffic regulations^—I hope not—for I can remember
 the joy with which I used to listen to all stories about
 fairies and their ilk. Not the stories of Fairy Princes
 and of Witches that one finds so prevalent in a certain
 type of so-called Fairy Tales, but the stories of the
 doings of the Little Folk. I think that of all writers
 Lord Dunsany had come closer to the real heart of the
 fairies.

   “In those days I had an old nurse, Irish Nora. Per-
 haps that accounts for my deep love and understanding
 of the Wee People. Her mind was filled with tales of
 them as well of the banshees and witches, and the
 stories she told me of them were true—she averred that
 she had seen a number of fairies back home as a child—
 and I believed her—I still do!

   “Now, this all sounds irrelevant to what I have to tell
 you, but it is all part of it, for had I not believed in the
 fairies, I would never have gone ‘through’ as I did.
 Even as a young man I was still interested in fairies
 and many a surreptitious hour I stole in the Children’s
 Libraries reading about them—for though the stories
 have been written by three dimensional beings, they
 sometimes have caught the truth about the Little People,
 and I don’t doubt but that some of them had a first hand
 acquaintance with the Fairy Folk, preposterous as that

 •	sounds.

   “Sir Conan Doyle’s alleged photographs of fairies
 are the real thing! You yourself have just seen creatures
 identical to the pictured fairies he has been so ridiculed
 ‘ for, but whereas his photographs are true replicas of the
 Folk, they came to him through accident, while mine
 have come after years of study and science.

   “You may recall the summer I went to Ireland on a
 walking tour all by myself? I think it was when I
 was a sophomore, and I recall how everyone joshed me
THROUGH THE VEIL

177

 when I returned the next fall and had to admit that I
 had spent my summer hiking through Ireland. But the
 trip was of more import than I let be known, for I had
 gone there purposely to learn more about the fairies
 and to see them if it was possible.

  “For some reason the Irish seem closer to the Wee
Folk than other peoples. People like to attribute that
to their child-like minds, their love of make-believe.
But I thought differently and reasoned that they knew
more of them because there were fairies in that country
whereas other countries had more or less been neglected
by the tiny winged people. In England and Scotland you
will hear talk of them among the country-folk, but not
as you hear it in Ireland.

  "So to Ireland I traveled.

  “I left the cities behind and plunged into the country
away from the beaten paths and into a rural section
that had not changed since the days of Blind Rafferty.*
It took a while for me to insinuate myself into the re-
gard of the old folk, but I set about to make myself as
likable as I could. Also I knew a few words of Irish
Gaelic learned from that old nurse of mine. So I began
to make friends and always I managed to lead the con-
versation around to the Wee People, I knew that the
Irish are somewhat frightened to speak of them, for they
will still talk of changelings and the little brownies who
come and turn the milk sour overnight. And I heard a
great many tales of that description. Also tales of folk
who had been given wishes by the fairies, in reward
for some good deed performed in their behalf, or of the
old woman who had been starving and awoke one morn-
ing to find the cat she had fed, despite her adversities,
playing with a piece of silver, and that thereafter every
morning she found another piece of money under the
cat’s paw.

  “Only I was not content to listen to these tales. I
wished to find the fairies—so it was that I learned that
not many miles away in a wild part of the country was
what the good people called the Fairy Ring! That was
a ring in the grass that was unmistakable and which it
was told was danced upon by the fairies at night! But
woe unto him who ever fell asleep in that circle, for
then he would surely awaken and come back with strange
tales to tell and would lose his mind in the bargain. For
the wee folk did not like for mortals to sleep in that
circle!

  “You may be sure that the next morning I was off
toward that ring at dawn. I had to ask a number of
countrymen I met on the way, for the direction, and was
stared at askance for my daring. Three, of those I met
up with, denied that they knew of such a place, but I
thought all were lying. Then I met the crone. She was
more like a witch, with her toothless gums and her thin
straggling hair falling over her pointed face. She eyed
me peculiarly for a moment.

  “ ‘Ay, lad, you’re a brave un,’ she averred. 'But don’t
ye pay eny ’tention to what the wiseacres be telling ye.
And shure they be such a ring, and ef ye sleep within its
circle ye’ll have pretty dreams to remember all yer life.
And the Wee Folk’ll be mannerly-like. Only don’t ye be
taking enything from ’em, not the weest flower, for
they’ll resent that. You see, me good lad, Oi’ve been
there—oi’ve seen ’em. Worra, worra—but for me stiff
joints oi’d be goin' back meself, and be content to end
nie days wid ’em.'

 *	There is a charming novel with this title by Don Byrne. Blind Rafferty
 is understood to have been a real personage, an Irish fiddler.

“'I 'HAT was all very heartening, so I gave her a
X piece of silver and was given explicit directions,
And two hours later I was crawling through the copse
which the old one had described in about the wildest piece
of country I had seen as yet. Giant gnarled old trees,
groaned and moaned in the wind, and the grass under-
foot was long and gone to seed. And there was the
ring as plain as day, a brown ring on the sward as though
the grass had been worn away by dancing feet! Only
it was not a perfect circle as I had been led to believe,
but an uneven, ragged line, circular, though roughly
drawn. Surely fairies would not have danced that way.
With beating heart I approached it, examined it, and
tried to collect my thoughts, for with its finding had
come a dazed sort of mind. It was all too good to be
true.

   “Then as I was tired from the long walk and the sun
 beating down upon my head had made me drowsy, I
 dropped to the grass. I recalled then that if one went
 to sleep, the fairies would come. So without hesitation
 I made sure that all of me was within the circle which
 was large enough to accommodate three or more. Be-
 fore I went to sleep, though, I noticed something that
 appeared strange, but I was too sleepy to fathom, and
 that was the strange beautiful light that seemed ethereal.
 It hung all about me, a color that was mauve, old-rose
 and orchid. But in a twinkling of an eye I was asleep.

   “I have no way of telling how long I slumbered there,
 but I was awakened suddenly by strange shrill little
 voices and was puzzled at first, to find myself not abed.
 However, it did not take long for me to recollect every-
 thing. I looked about and I saw the fairies!

   “There were about a half a dozen little creatures,
 hardly different than those you saw in the camera, Jack.
 Two were elves, little greenish fellows with pointed
 noses, little transparent wings like those the flies have,
 and two pointed antennas coming out of their eyebrows.
 Another was a gnome, a little hunchbacked creature with
 round beady eyes and a neat suit of brown cloth. The
 other three were fairies scarcely different than the con-
 ventional type you see in story-books, with dainty, beau-
 tifully formed bodies and big butterfly wings. They
 were sitting about either on the grass or upon the leaves
 of a bush close by. The gnome squatted on the project-
 ing root of the plant. Not three feet away sat a brown
 rabbit with ears cocked surveying us all. The fairy
 people were taking me all in and appeared to have been
 waiting patiently for some time for me to awake. One
 of the elves stretched his tiny arms and yawned. Then I
 noticed the light about us, the same lovely coloring I had
 seen when I dropped off to sleep.

   "I guess I would have sat there indefinitely if one of
 the fairies had not spoken. She was a lovely little thing
 of pink and cream with a mass of golden hair and the
 bluest of blue eyes. I have yet to see a prettier fairy.

   “ ‘Good day to you,’ she said and she had spoken to
 me in Gaelic! 'La Maith agad/ she said, giving it the
 sweetest known pronunciation. 'Law maw agath.’ •
 “I returned her greeting, but I was a little disap-
 pointed for I knew that I could not carry on a very long
 , conversation in that tongue and there was much I wished
 to learn. She must have read my thoughts, for the next
 time she spoke it was in English!

   " ‘Why,’ she asked me, ‘do all you people fall asleep
 before you come “through?’ ”

   “I stared at her. ‘I suppose,’ I said, ‘it is because we are
178

AMAZING STORIES

 told that is the way we enter Fairyland! But I must
 admit that in my own case I was too tired from my
 walk here to do otherwise.’

  “ ‘It’s been a long time since one of your kind have
come “through at all,” she observed.

  “ ‘Oh,’ said I for something better to say, ‘you do not
have many visitors, then?’

  “‘Well,,the truth of it is, that we do not encourage
them to come. They like it so well here that they would
all wish to stay—and then where would we be? They
would overrun everything and put factories everywhere
and make a pretty mess of it all. No, we discourage
it, you see, and they believe the tales we tell about put-
ting a madness on them. As though we could do that!”

“'T'O be sure that speech startled me. ‘I see/ said I,
1 ‘but aren’t you afraid I might do the same thing,
now that you’ve told me that you can’t put a madness on
me?’

  “She smiled broadly at that. ‘You’re different. They
are but simple folk and you are a man with understand-
ing. It would do not good for us to try tricks on you,
for you would see through it all. Besides, did you not
come from your distant country to find us?’

  “I nodded, surprised at her discernment. It was as
though she'had read my mind.

  “ ‘I am reading your mind,’ said she in answer to my
thought, ‘and I learn by it that you are a man who has
always had love for us and a belief in us. You are
welcome for as long as you wish to stay in our country.
You may ask what questions you have in mind, although
it is just as well that I tell you everything right now
before we go any further!’	,

  “ ‘In the first place you will perhaps be much sur-
prised to know that this country—or rather this world
of ours is much the same as your own, that we have
the same continents, the same oceans and rivers, et
cetera, for in truth this is the same as the world you
know, except in its aspect. It occupies exactly the same
place as does your world, lies on top of it in fact, and
only the Veil separates it. Look about you and see if
you recognize anything familiar in the landscape?’
“Half understanding what she had been saying, I
looked about. I could have sworn I was looking at the
same country through which I had come. The topography
was the same. Standing up I could see the same hillock
I had come over, and the indentation where had lain
the path by which I had come. To my left lay the low
sweep of what had been bog land. Only now I could see
nothing of the road and what had been bog was a pretty
grass land, and the country about was different. Before
it had been a wild ragged stretch, rough and unkempt.
Now it was glade-like and appeared to have been turned
into a parkland. Also there was a profusion of flowers
that had been noticeable because of their absence this
morning. I turned now to my interlocutor for an
explanation.

  “ ‘It is the same country, you see, but you see it from
the “other side” of the Veil. We cannot understand it
ourselves or explain it scientifically as to where this dif-
ference lies, or what the Veil is composed of, nor any-
thing about it. Perhaps you will be able to explain that
for us, for you have great learning.

  “ ‘Nevertheless, whatever the explanation is, the fact
remains that our country does occupy the same space as
does yours. You build your cities, your houses and your

factories, farm your land, turn your swamps into dry
land and cut down your mountains, but nothing you do
causes change in our world. We can sit exactly in the
spot where you erect a palace and yet to us it is noth-
ing but an open glade!

  “ ‘In the Veil are about a half a dozen openings, how-
ever, such as the one you have come “through” and by its
means we are often able to go into your country just
as you come into ours. Then there are places where the
Veil is thin but not worn through. Through them we
can see what goes on in your world or hear what you are
about. It is because we do come “through” that your
folk have learned about us and have seen us so that your
literature is filled with tales about us, and you have pic-
tures of us. However most of your stories about us are
untrue, just as sometimes your artists caricature us.
But of late years we have not gone “through” very often,
for we quickly tire of your manner of living. You
seem so futile with your wars, your everlasting digging
and hoeing, your terrible noises and machinery and your
entertainments. One must live with Nature to enjoy life,
to eat the fruits that her bounty gives us, to live in the
sun, to listen to the songs of the wind and to watch na-
ture’s drama. Why do you clutter up your world with
ugly buildings and belch smoke into the God-given air,
rush madly from one part of your world to the other
without rest; kill the poor animals just for the pleasure of
it and—oh, I could go on forever about your manners, but
what’s the use? You could not change it if you wanted
to, for you are born of them and would not be happy
differently, I suppose.’

  “I stood there listening to the tirade of the little
being, enthralled by her voice and her words, and won-
dering if she wasn't right. She scarcely paused for
breath but went on speaking.

  “ ‘Perhaps all that is because you evolved from your
ape-thing, a creature whom many ages ago we saw grub-
bing as you grub, planting, hoeing and reaping as you
plant, hoe and reap, though you have improved on his
methods. You kill animals for mea£ as he killed them,
only you no longer need to stalk them in the jungles, but
raise them on the plains and murder them scientifically 1
You build boats as he built boats to venture out upon
the waters, for you have inherited your inquiring mind
from him and you are not satisfied yet. And you have
merely become more “civilized.” You even climb into the
skies now, and you do many tremendous things. But
what does it bring you at all, but the desire to do more?
You can’t eat more than your first man did—but you can
eat it better. You can’t wear any more clothing than he
did—oh, pardon me—you do, of course, but you are
more uncomfortable for it—though your women are get-
ting a little sensible in these days. You can’t think
of but one thing at a time—you can’t do more than one
thing at a time—yet you fill your brain and your world
with strange thoughts and then try to prove them!
I wish I. could understand where you expect to get with
it all!’

“T WANTED to say things in answer, but she gave
. A me no chance, as though she knew all that came
into my mind even as she herself spoke.

  “ ‘Now on the other hand,’ she went on, ‘we of our
world evolved, not from ape-things, but from the little
flying creatures. My forebears were butterflies! The
elves are come from the bees, while the gnomes, little
THROUGH THE VEIL

179

industrious people, are of the ant-folk! There are still
butterflies, bees and ants in our world just as there are
apes and monkeys in your world, but somehow our
ancestors managed to change that for us, though they
did not change our love for flowers, for the sun, for
everything that is clean and wholesome!’

."She paused at last and smiled. ‘I see now that
your mind is working over the problem of all this. You
are beginning to see the light of something we have
never been able to discover. Come, we shall go to head-
quarters and you can tell them of your opinions, if you
will be so kind, although that will scarcely be necessary,
since we are able to see all that goes on in your—three
dimensional brain—ah that’s the word for it isn’t it?’

  "I was astounded that she had read my thoughts so
clearly, for I had been thinking that in truth I was in
the Fourth Dimension! Scientists have for many years
been trying to discover something of what they are wont
to term dimensional science, although there are many
other names for it, too. They claim that Nature did not
come to a halt when she created the first three dimen-
sions of length, height and breadth, but has gone on into
the fourth, fifth, sixth and so on endlessly. Many would
have it that the fourth dimension is one thing, and
some another, that it is Time, that it is Space or Place.
And here it had been for all time waiting to be dis-
covered. The Irish had discovered it, to be sure, but
they did not understand what it is all about, so that
doesn’t count. The fact remains that the fourth dimen-
sion is simply that of place, or the fact that two things
occupy the same space at the same time! And here was
a world that was occupying the same place as our own
world, separated simply by what its people called the
Veil.

  "Now I was following my guide over the smooth
grass of what appeared to be a great garden with the
flowers allowed to grow wherever a seed had taken root.

I was very careful to pick my way over these flowers,
for what I had already learned taught me that the little
people did not appreciate having their flowers crushed.
The three little fairies were flying ahead of me gayly,
just about the height of my eyes. The two elves came up
behind and the -gnome did not come along at all, but
stayed sitting upon his root, and I had to admit that he
did not much resemble his ancestor, the ant.

  “After flying ahead of me for a minute or so, my
pretty fairy changed her mind and came and perched
herself upon my shoulder. I was left to understand that
her companions would lead the way.

  “ ‘Once,’ the fairy went on in that funny little way
she had of running on as if she could never completely
close her lips, 'one of the folk of the outside unwit-
tingly stepped “through” the hole. He had a gun, and I
think you’d, call him a poacher. He did not appear to
realize that he was in a different world than his own, and
in a half a dozen minutes he had killed half a dozen
rabbits, for our rabbits are not used to being killed and
they do not run. And he walked on the flowers without
a thought of them.

  “ ‘You may be sure we were angered, for usually
when they come “through” they have fear in their hearts *
for us, and we like to keep them that way. Well, grab-
bing up stones we chased him back to the hole, and be-
lieve me he was frightened when he recognized us for
what we were. As he went “through” he stumbled and
fell on his head, so that he went to sleep for a while. So

we rushed upon him and emptied his sack of the rabbits
and found that three were not quite dead. These we
nursed back to health. The others we had to bury. Then
we thought of a way to frighten him forever so that he
would not come back or tell his people of what he had
found. Well, we did all we could to disfigure him so
he would always remember, and then we put a hornet’s
nest upon his head, so that when he awakened again he
was a sight to behold. And how they hurt him! After
that he never returned and he noised the story about
so that less people than ever came seeking the Fairy
Ring.

  “ ‘Oh, which reminds me. You see, that ring is not
worn by the dancing of our feet, if you must know the
truth, but merely a “burn” from the edge of the “hole.”
You must have noticed the beautiful light' at the opening
as you came “through ?” ’

“T NODDED and looking about saw that now the air
  x was as clear as any summer day.

  “ ‘That strange color,’ went on my informant, ‘is
caused by the “tear” of the Veil and always marks any
such “hole” or place where the Veil has become thin.
And the edge of it burns the grass beneath. Perhaps
you can explain that, too?’

  “But I was not able to explain that until this week.
“Now we were nearing the first edifice I had seen in
this Fairyland. It seemed to have been built of white
stone, alabaster, no doubt. It rose about six feet and
was about thirty in length, and was a beautiful thing
of carving and jewels. Lovely flowers of stately mien
clustered all about the foot of the walls. A pathway
of stones set in the sod led to the graceful arched door-
way which was about three feet in height.

  “ ‘We are not in the habit of building houses,’ said
the Fairy, ‘but occasionally we do it to impress the
Lesser Things, the gnomes and brownies and elves and
such, for they need impressing upon. We usually live
in the open entirely, just as nature intended us to. Only
when a visiting dignitary comes do we use these build-
ings. You are fortunate that you need go no farther
in search of Headquarters. Oh, yes, we fly to the tropics
as the birds do in the cold seasons.’ The last was in
answer to the query that had come into my mind.

  “ ‘What sort of dignitaries do you have? Queens and
the like!’

“ ‘Oh, yes, Queens and Princesses. However, our
rulers act merely as arbitrators in questions that arise
among us. At present a gnome il being tried for having
murdered a rat! It was a matter of jealousy, I believe.’
“ ‘Is such a murder considered a bad crime?’

  “‘Why not? Why should anyone take a life that
doesn’t belong to him? It was not until your country-
men taught us the meaning of murder, that anything
like this ever happened. But that is the way of you—
to have commandments forbidding the doing of this and
that, and it makes your people misbehave. It puts the
thought into the mind!’

  “ ‘How is it that you know so much about our world
and our history? One would think what you have lived
there always yourself.’ I demanded.

     “ ‘It is that you interest us, even as you are inter-
ested in us now. And then we have come into your
world very often. But, the reason I know so much about
your world is—because as I talk to you, I see it all pass
through your brain, you see! Perhaps it is because I
180

AMAZING STORIES

am a Fourth Dimensional creature that I can see into
your Third Dimensional brain, since I can occupy the
same place as you do without your being the wiser!’

  “I was struck by her clear reasoning, and I was to find
all the people of Fairyland with such clear thinking
brains. Nothing seemed impossible for them to compre-
hend. It was only a pity that I was not able to see into
their brain-cases as they saw into mine, for I might
have learned a great deal.

  “For a month I stayed with them, living as they did
out in the sun, eating fruits and sucking honey from
flowers, only it was difficult for me to do the latter with-
out killing the flower itself. They were sorry to see
me go, and before I left they told me that in my own
city back home I would find one of the ‘holes’ through
the Veil by which I could enter their world whenever
I pleased. It luckily was in a garden, they said. I be^
lieve they even knew it was here in this garden, but they
are mischievous people and wanted me to go in search
of it myself!

  “I have been ‘through’ here in the garden and these
fairies across the sea were as nice as those in Ireland,
though as I have said before, I haven’t seen one that
is half as pretty as Neila, my little guide. I’ve had a
few of them here in the house and grounds, but they
are very shy and will not allow themselves to be seen
by a stranger. However, they will always come about
when I wish to photograph them, for they like to have
their pictures taken!”

  So Keller ended his story and poured some brandy
for himself.

  Warren did not speak immediately, but his eyes were
troubled.

  “You do not believe me, Jack?” queried Keller.

  “It sounds like a very good Fairy Story, Charlie. The
best I have ever heard.”

  “But, Jack, you have seen the fairies yourself? Come
we will develop the picture that you yourself snapped 1”
“How is it that you take those pictures? You did
not tell me that.”

  “It has taken me all these years to do that. During
my visit ‘through the Veil’ I began to realize that that
Veil was nothing more than a certain ‘ray’ from the
sun, which formed the barrier, that the molecules.of our
atmosphere took up and created, hiding what lay over
that boundary from our three dimensional eyes. I began
to study the various known rays, the X-ray, the Violet-
Ray, the Infra Red-Rays and down through the line.
And only last week I discovered the Z or Mauve-Ray
that forms that curtain. My camera simply enables me
to photograph what lies beyond. I think that in time I
shall be able to take a photograph directly through the
Veil without the need of seeking the ‘Hole’.”

  Warren had nothing very much to say and in an hour
or so he was back at his hotel. In his possession he had
the “photo” he had snapped himself, but he never
showed it to anyone. In later years he was to show it
to his wife and a few select friends, and tell something
about what Keller had told him. They would listen
politely and say that they had heard of Charles Keller,
who had tried to follow in the footsteps of Sir Conan
Doyle, and remark that his strange disappearance was
one of the mysteries of New York. Warren secretly
believed that Keller was still alive—not in the world of
Three Dimensions, but in that strange Fairyland they
had both peered into. The old Keller house is no more,
and the garden is covered over by a skyscraper, but
Warren believes that the “Hole” exists there still.

               The End

The Noise Killer

    By A. M. McNeill

           {Continued from page 153)

were frightened and left the city ... all those who
weren't killed."

  “And you . . . what makes you stay in such a grue-
some place?” I asked, crawling out from under the
wing.

  “I don’t know. What makes any of us cling to lost
hopes. I never quite gave up hope of being able to re-
member what my brother said. Some day, perhaps
when I am dying, it will come to me what he said and
then I’ll be able to lift" the curse fronj this beautiful
city so that people can live in it again. Can I help you,

young fellah? I have the keys to these buildings and
anything in them is yours.”

  Before night actually closed in I had made repairs and
was on my belated way again. As I tilted my wings and
droned up into the air, it occurred to me that the only
name by which I could identify the place was a half-
obliterated “ville” I had seen on the shed. In this lack
of definite data lies the second reason why I could not
include the strange visit in my official report and why I
am writing it now for the first time. Clearly, it was
the only course for me to follow.

The End
181

Madness of the Dust

By R. F. Starzl

(Continued from page 159)

 A girl detached herself from the group. She rushed
 to the side of the stretcher. She gave Steve a quick hug
 and a kiss, and then she was inside the ship. She had
 to climb a dirty metal ladder and thread her way through
 a maze of pipes and tanks before she finally found Far-
 rington. He was gazing sadly out of a port at a waving
 sea of tropical trees.

 “Jack!” she said.

 “Oh, hello, Alfreda!”

 “Aren’t you glad to see me?”

 “Oh, sure; you bet!”

 “I’ve something to tell you, Jack.”

 “I know it already,” he said gently. “I hope you and
 Steve are very happy.”

 “We’re all happy,” she said, uncomprehending, “and
 so relieved! When your radio went dead we didn’t
 know what happened. We could only guess, and

worry.” She was laughing in glad release from the
tension.

  “I guess I had to mess up something,” he explained.
“I had a relapse of that dust thing and was half crazy.
I tore that transmitter to bits, after I’d finished and got
Steve to bed. I can’t just remember what happened. It
was a nightmare!”

  “Poor, dear Jackj” she murmured softly. “Aren’t
you going to kiss me?”

 “Why, why—I thought—■—”

  “No more Martian trips for you!” she chattered gaily.
“The Board of Directors has voted to appoint you man-
ager of the planetary port at Gibraltar. I’ll love it
there, and Jack, I’m so glad to (;hink that our children will
not have to be born and raised on foreign soil. I’m
old-fashioned that way. I’d never feel really at home
except on the good old Earth.”

                The End

A Circe of Science

             In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
             directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal

fee of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

  By Stanton A. Coblentz

              (Continued from page 173)

species, were found lying dead in every street and field.

  Evidently the creative energy breathed into them by
Gilorest had indeed been exhausted! Evidently they had
completed their racial term of life! And they were to
pass out like a fire which expires all the more quickly
for having been vivid and vehement.

  Such, in fact, proved to be the case. A few lingering
specimens of Gilcrest’s creations survived throughout
the winter, and even into the spring of 1966; and then
the world, waiting fearfully, incredulously, half expect-

ing the peril to be renewed, found that it was greeted
only by the ordinary plants and animals. And once
more the wheels of factories began to rumble, and the
edge of farm implements to seek the soil. The Reign
of Confusion was over; and mankind, racked with suf-
fering and less numerous by several millions, turned
toward a future in which scientific experimentation was
to be conducted much more cautiously than it ever had
been carried out in the past. Man had learned his
lesson from sad experience.

AN INTERESTING COMMUNICATION
FROM DR. MILES J. BREUER ABOUT
GIGANTISM IN ANIMALS. AND
THE EXISTENCE OF NORM-
ALLY HUGE ANIMALS
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Some time ago you published my story, “The
Hungry Guinea-Pig.” Here are some comments
on it, or in connection'with it, that may be of
value or interest to you.

  From time to time one sees the criticism that a
giant animal is an absurdity; that it is impossible
for such a giant animal to exist, because its own
weight would crush it; that it could never move
from the spot, and so forth*.

  The best answer to these criticisms is that the
stories of giant animals, within reasonable limits,
are supported by actual facts. We know, as defi-
nitely as any scientific fact is known, that animals
up to one hundred feet in length, existed and

moved about actively, right on this same old world,
when gravitational attraction was quite the same
thing that it Is at present.

  With modern knowledge of nutrition, internal
secretions, and biochemistry, the story of the
thirty-foot cockroach or the worra that swallowed
a mill arc far more reasonable than the idea of a
gravity screen. There is a direct chain of scien-
tific reasoning to support the large animal body,
and a fair prospect of its ultimate realization in
the laboratory. Whereas the gravity screen is
a priori an impossibility, largely because we are
convinced, by the new views of the universe, that
there is no such thing as the force of gravity. If
gravity is not a force, how can it be screened?
Gravity is a relationship of motion and position;
how can an abstraction like that be screened? It
seems to me that Einstein has put the old type of
space-traveler out of business; he will have to give
up the gravity screen and find a new method.

  The objections to the giant laboratory animal are
based on the conceptions that the weight of an
animal increases as the cube of a linear dimension,
whereas its muscular strength increases only as
the square. (That is not my statement; that is
what the critics say.) • And on the interesting
natural fact that an ant is able to carry 200 times
his own weight, whereas a man carries barely more
than his own weight while an elephant cannot
carry his own weight.

  It is true that there is a limit to the size that
animals can assume on this earth. But this
limit cannot be found on the basis of the above
cube-and-square relationship. Here is the way
to find it:

The strength of a muscle increases with the
cross-section of the muscle. (Its length determines
only the amplitude of its contraction.) The weight
of muscle depends on its volume, therefore both
(Continued on page 183)

/
182

The Pea Vine Mystery

                “Things all are shadows, shadows all,
                And ghosts within an idiot’s brain—
                A little while, they fade and (all,

                A little while, they come again.”

                                   —Selected

^T'HERE lay the body. The man was known to have
A been subject to fits which would seize him and render
him unconscious for sometimes two days at a time—but
these were usual with him and he had been given many
more years to live by the doctors. It was practically
certain he had not died of one of these seizures. Then
what had killed him?

  He was found where he had fallen, into a mass of
tangled roots of the common pea, in a hole which had
been recently dug. It was with some difficulty that they
disentangled the vines, particularly from around his
neck. Strangulatipn ? Possibly, but these seizures were
never known to cause the man to struggle when an attack
came on—he simply dropped, unconscious.

  As .there was no mark on him, and no stones near for

his head to hit, the cause had to be either the fit, or
strangulation by cutting off his air supply.

  The county farm agent commenced to study the mys-
tery and finally came out with a most astonishing theory
—he claimed that at that time of year pea vines grew
very rapidly. He also claimed that not only did they
grow rapidly, but that their strength was prodigious—
that as they grew they could lift a 300-pound weight
for every square inch exposed. He claimed that the
heat of the man’s body, along with a recent shower,
and combined with the trophism of the roots to seek the
ground again, caused them to crisscross over the man’s
throat, swell and strangle him while he was unconscious.
This theory was finally accepted.

By A. L. HODGES.

The Dead Sailor

' I 'HE sailor was undoubtedly dead and there was a
A mark on his head as if he had been shot. But they
could find no bullet, and besides, the men who witnessed
the accident heard no shot, nor saw anyone else around.
There was no doubt about the testimony; too many men
verified it.

  The sailor had been lowering an experimental half
shell from the side of the ship when the rope broke and-
the shell dropped into the sea. Some of the witnesses
claimed they saw a bright object come up from the sea
and hit the sailor. But no bright object was found.

  The device which was being lowered was a half sphere,
open at the bottom, and with a short length of small pipe
fixed in its top. This pipe was open at both ends.

  One of the scientists on board resolved to clear up
the mystery. He had an idea and decided to follow it
out, but to do some computations before he told anyone
—for he was a serious scientist and did not want to be

laughed at, for practical men are given to ridicule.

  .fie finally came to the conclusion that the sailor was
shot and killed with a bullet of water. After many ex-,
pressions of doubt on the part of the rest of the party
he proved conclusively to them that it was not only
possible but that that was just what had happened. He
proved it in this wise: the entire weight of the heavy
shell was used when it hit to compress the air caught
under it. The air of course would start leaking out of
the small pipe, or shooting out, very rapidly. When the
end of the small pipe was submerged, however, which
operation took place almost instantly, the compressed
air shot a plug of water up to the sailor’s head with the
force of a bullet—and slew him. The scientist , fortified
his remarks with citations from accidents from water-
hammer, etc., that clinched belief.

  “We know neither the day nor the time.”

                       By A. L. HODGES.
May, 1930

on cross-section and length.

  What would be the conditions in a horse twice
as big as an ordinary horse? A horse ten feet
high and sixteen feet long ?

  His weight, increasing as the cube of a linear
dimension, would be eight times that of a normal
horse. Therefore, he would need eight times the
muscular power for his original activity. To give
him eight times as much power, the average cross*
section of his muscles would have to be eight times
as much as normal.

  An increase in length of the muscle would not
help; it is the cross-section that would be required.

  A horse twice as big as normal would already
have twice the normal cross section, therefore
twice the power. Our big horse would need rela-
tively, four times more power than his increased
size would give him. That is, to give him four
times more muscle cross-section than he already
had, his muscles would all have to be of twice
the relative diameter that they are on a normal
horse..

  This- double relative muscle diameter would
hardly be noticeable as we looked at the horse; it
would be evident as an. increased plumpness. As
I can remember, the greatest difference in
diameters of biceps muscles I have personally seen
would make the largest three times'.the diameter
of the smallest.

  Therefore, the larger the animal, the greater its
relative muscle volume. As the muscle weight is
about one-third the body weight, an animal could
increase possibly to ten diameters before break-
ing down of its own weight; though when of this
size, it would be tremendously, bulgingly full of
muscles. This is what we see in Nature. The
muscles of an ant are relatively so small and thin
that we cannot see them. But look at the picture
of a dinosaur. The great masses of muscle on him
are quite necessary to move such a great animal.

  The above discussion, of -course, leaves one
question untouched. That is the intrinsic con-
tractile strength of muscle fibers. That is some-
thing we know nothing about, except in vague
generalities. Do two muscle fibers of exactly the
same diameter contract with equal power ? They
do not. Just as two automobiles of the same size
may differ markedly in power, muscle fibers from
various animals vary enormously.

  For a big animal to be very lively without in-
crease in muscle volume, merely some alteration
in intrinsic contractile power might be sufficient.
Our present knowledge of biology indicates noth-
ing so emphatically as that, there are vast deeps
ox knowledge that we have not as yet penetrated.

Miles J. Breuer, M.D.

Lincoln, Nebr.

  (This letter from Dr. Breuer is so authoritative
that it needs no comment from us. How the
gigantic animals of geologic eras managed to crawl
about or perhaps even to walk or run with their
enormous bodies may rank as a real problem. But
the fossil remains tell us that such animals did
exist and that they were quadrupeds.—-Editor.)

AN INTERESTING LETTER ON INTER-
PLANETARY TRAVEL FROM ONE OF
OUR AUTHORS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  In the comments made on my letter which ap-
peared in the March issue, I see I did not make
my reason for eliminating the rocket type^of inter-
planetary ship clear. I eliminated it from our
discussion because it has inherent practical defects
that limit its use in a discussion on acceleration.

  A rocket gets its power and speed by ejecting
burning gases. The weight of unused fuel must
then be carried when we leave Earth, and it
must be lifted against Earth’s gravity as we leave
the planet. The more slowly we burn that fuel,
the longer it lasts, and the further we..go while
the fuel is still being carried. Hence, the more
work we do in lifting fuel. If we burn the fuel
very quickly, get rid of a great portion of it before
we have lifted it very far, we do less work on
lifting fuel. Thus, the more rapidly the rocket
discharges its fuel, the more efficient it is. A
rocket necessitates a high acceleration, and we
were discussing the effects of acceleration on the
men alone, so I suggested that we consider any
other type, a type which will permit of as low a
rate of acceleration as we wish without impaired
efficiency.

  Then, as I have said, an acceleration of four
times gravity would not be dangerous, and would
probably be quite endurable. The rather peculiar
idea of using a floatation method of easing the
strain, in a bathtub as I put it, takes advantage
of the fact that the man will always float in the
water, no matter how great the acceleration, if
he will float under normal* gravity, for, though
the man grows apparently heavier with increasing
acceleration, the apparent weight of- the water

AMAZING STORIES	183

Success

IN RADIO

Depends Upon Training

...You Get that Training
with RCA Institutes, Inc.

T) EGARDLESS of who you are...
n how old you are.. .where you live
or what you do... You, too, can make
:A success in radio because RCA Insti-
tutes trains you for success. This is
the only school backed by the Radio
Corporation of America...
the foremost radio organ-
ization in the world today!

I "A Serious Shortage
of Trained Men
Exists Right Now”

Thousands of men are
-needed. Broadcasting
stations, manufacturing
plants, retail and whole-
sale dealers, as well as
ships at sea and planes in the
air are now waiting for men
like you . . . men who have
the will as well as the knowl-
edge to make good. They know
that the graduate or RCA
Institutes has the knowledge
and ability to hold a good
position in radio.

Inside Information about Radio
... Quickly and Easily Yours

See how easy it is to learn at home in
your spare time .. . Mr. Lawrence A.
Aicholtz says:

   “Your course is without a doubt
the very best of its kind and the
training I received has enabled
me to work up to the position of
Chief Remote Operator of WS AI. ’’
We have received hundreds of letters
uimilar to this . .. Each letter a “true
story” of success in radio. You get your
lessons and criticisms direct from RCA
. . . ithe very source of radio achieve-
ment . .'. the organization that made
Radio what it is today . . . that spon-
sors every lesson in this course.

Remarkable Outlay of Apparatus
Included with this Famous
Laboratory Training Course
You learn radio by actual experience
with the famous RCA Institutes outlay

RCA

INSTITUTES,

INC.

Formerly Radio Inatitute of America
fSFOMSOWKP by)

Radio In&pectora
$2000 to $4500
a Year

 Radio Repair
 Mechanics

 $1800 to $1,800
 a Year

  Radio
 Operators
 $90 to $200
 a Month
 (Board Free)

of apparatus___A complete assortment

of parts assembled for your help and in-
struction by RCA experts. See for your-
self how easy it is to solve every radio
problem such as repairing and servicing
fine sets. Here is the training that you
cannot duplicate elsewhere, at any price.
Students learn by actual experience,
under the direction of nationally known
instructors.

          RCA Graduates
Find It Easy to Fill
Good Radio Jobs
For more than 20 years, there has been a
radio job for practically every graduate
who wished one. RCA Institutes stu-
dents are actually trained for success in
Radio.. . That is the only purpose of
this organization and tnat is why
students make such rapid progress in
Radio. Every student receives an agree-
ment signed by the president of this
school assuring absolute satisfaction
upon completion of the course ... or
money refunded.

  Clip this Coupon NOW!»

Exp. a;

   RCA INSTITUTES, Inc.

    76 Varick Street,

   New York, N. Y.

   GentlemeriT Please send me your FREE 40-page
   book which illustrates the brilliant opportuni-
   ties in Radio and describes your laboratory-
   method of instruction at home!

 Name..............................................................

 Address....... ................................................
184

AMAZING STORIES

May, 1930

WHITE
  MAGIC

OF

YOUR OWN MIND

    More marvelous than the power of the
 Magician's Wand is the power that can be
 developed in the newly discovered -cosmic
 areas of your own mind.

    You can turn your mental pictures into
 living, vibrating waves of power that will
 reach other minds or attract to your con-
 sciousness the creative laws of nature which
 bring your mental images and desires into
 material realization.

A FREE BOOK FOR YOU

    The Rosicrucians throughout the world for
  centuries have been the Master Minds in
  developing self-efficiency and self-domination
  over the obstacles of life. Their secret knowl-
  edge and strange methods have made .them
  admired successes everywhere.

    They are pledged to help others-—just as
 you will gladly share your knowledge and
 successful experiences with others. They have
 prepared a book—new, fascinating, instruc-
 tive, and practical—which tells about their
 helpfulness. It is called “The Light of
 Egypt”—the land where White Magic first
 gave man his power to be masterful. The
 coupon below will bring it to you without
 obligation if you really wish to learn these
 principles.

Remember

 The true Rosicru-
 cians are known
 as the AMORC
 all over the world.
 One name, one
 purpose, one ideal
 —to help mankind.

 LIBRARIAN F.G:l:
 Reskwiu Order

 SAN JOSE, CALIF.

Free Book Coopon

Librarian F.G.L
RMlirnba Otto
in Int. Callfntil

  Please send me, with-
  out obligation, a copy of
  "The Light of Egypt."

Name ................

Address .............

FREEBOOKTELLS HOW

  Tou ud Quickly qualify for
  positions paying $60 to $250
  a week In Motion Picture.
  Commercial or Newt Pho-
  tography and Projection, or
  itart your own buaineai. No
  experience needed.

      CAMERA OR
 PROJECTOR GIVEN
 Learn at home or In our
 great New York Studios.
 Write for Big Free Book of amasing opportunities
 Job Chart and Camera or Projector offer.

NEW YORK INSTITUTE OF PHOTOGRAPHY
Dept. 1.-908 10 West 33rd Street New York

Only 4 Motions used in playing this fascinating
instrument. Oar native Hawaiian Instructors
teach you to master them quickly. Pictures
show how. Everything explained clearjy^

Play in Half Hour
After you set the
four easy motion*
you play harmonious
chotda with very
little practice. No
previous mo a leal
towledae needed.

  Easy Lessons

  gvort if you‘don't
  now one note from
  another, the 62
  printed lessons and
  clear pictures make
  -Iteasyto learn quick-
  • ly. Pay as you play..

HHEli

 HW1TM when you enroll
 VlY _a sweet toned
 HAWAIIAN CUITAK. Carryln* Case

- and Playing Outfit

Value SIS to CM ,

No txlras-evtrvOung vulud*d

  WRITE AT ONCE for attrac-
  tive offer and easy terms. A
  postcard will do. ACT 1

  •lino /and other oouwau The same thorough Instruction m Tenor
  g&3g< Baaio.Violin. Tiple. Tenor GoiUrVUkulele. Banjo Ukulele.
  AWJOI Well-known insttuotors. Write for lull infeematk®.
  FIR8T HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY M MUSIC, hie.
  9th Floor. Woolwortfi Bldg., Dept. 2€7. Hew Yortt. N. »•
  /.poreted'as o Corretpondnct School Under 111 Law* *f the Slate tf
  New Y*rk—Jdtmbtr National Bw Stud* Ccuncil.

increases in proportion. Thus the man weighing
perhaps three-quarters of i', ton, might ,v. float
readily! The water would relieve the weight of
arms and legs and head, and prevent the tendency
to\flatten out. Of course it would be no aid to
the important internal organs, the weight of the
heartTand lungs, and brains would be the real limit-
ing factors.

   With this acceleration of four or five gravities
the ship can make Mars in as few as six and a
half days, which is plenty fast enough!

   The effects of high pressure in a caisson on the
workers are not truly comparable to the effects of
acceleration in an interplanetary ship. The effects
felt by men working under increased air pressure
are due primarily to two factors, the great amount
of nitrogen which dissolves in the blood, and the
increased oxygen concentration.

-	Nitrogen dissolves in the blood under pressure,
and when the man conies out from the pressure,
like the bubbles in soda water, the nitrogen forms
bubbles, the effect being very painful—giving the
worker that disease known as the “bends.”

  But the most serious effect is due to the fact
that the man tends to “burn up*’ under the greater
oxygen concentration. It is well known that men
die in an excess of pure oxygen. Any animal will
die in an atmosphere of pure oxygen. The atmos-
phere of pure oxygen furnishes an oxygen pres-
sure of fifteen pounds per square inch on the
lung surface. In normal air about 20 per cent of
the pressure is supplied by oxygen, or about 3
pounds per square inch. The animal that dies in
pure oxygen at atmospheric pressure lives com-
fortably in pure oxygen under three pounds per
square inch. It is well known that aviators at
high altitudes cannot live even with pure oxygen;
they have not enough oxygen concentration, the
oxygen pressure is too low; the result is attained
at lower altitudes, when plain air is used. The
pressure of the oxygen is always one-fifth the
air pressure, but when pure oxygen is used, one-
fifth the pressure needed with air is sufficient to
support the man. If the pressure is increased on
the other hand, the oxygen concentration is in-
creased with it, until, when the pressure reaches
that due to a depth of 175 feet of water, the men
might as well be breathing pure oxygen at
normal pressure. It is this effect of increased
oxidation rate, faster living, that produces some
of the dangerous effects in the caisson. In an
interplanetary machine the damage is done by
mechanical pressure on the organs, a thing we
can in no way approach on earth, save by using
a centrifugal force seat, for instance, and thus
produce the effect of heavy accelerations. It would
flatten one’s heart against the walls of the chest.
This is the effect most to be dreaded, plus the
mechanical pressure on the brain. There is no
known way to lessen these, so,’ as a matter of fact,
the bathtub would be of little real assistance,
though it would at least be more restful, and re-
lieve the fatiguing strain of the pressure.

  I wish to make a reply to the comment of Mr.
E. G. Guding also. His comment on measuring
in thimblefuls shows he has a true appreciation of
the "size” of the erg—one dyne centimeter—the
work done in lifting a pin head through the dis-
tance of one centimeter, but he has misdirected
his criticism. It is not I who developed this unit,
but the scientists. The figure I used, 900,000,000,-
000,000,000,000 ergs was derived by direct sub-
stitution of the figures in the general formula,
E=MCa, where E is the energy in the units of
the system of measurement employed, M the mass,
and C the velocity of light in those same units.
If we use the English system, E will be in foot-
pounds, M in slugs (the unit of mass in the Eng-
lish system, a unit mass being that mass which,
acted on by a force of one pound, will have
produced in it -an acceleration of one foot per
second per second, this unit being then, 32.2

•	pounds) and C must be in feet per second. This
will give us approximately 1,000,000,000,000,-

000,000 foot .pounds of work—which is hardly

measuring in thimblefuls! But the units I used
in the original .are the units any scientist would
use: the C.G.S.—centimeter-gram-second units.
Remember too, that a scientist would .actually
measure the solar system in centimeters, for they
are the actual units of the C.G.S. system, the
system almost universally used.

  Similarly, in any calculation in the English
system, we should measure the system in feet, not
miles.	*

  These numbers being so. large, the usual ex-
ponential system is used, the speed of light being
3x1010 and is in centimeters per second, while the
energy per gram in matter is given as 9x10s® ergs.

                   John W. Campbell, Jr.,

                              38 Bigelow St.,
                              Cambridge, Mass.

   . (One point about interplanetary travel seems to

5' (bmjrielz

| Book-1
Length

NOVELS

fonhj

THE BIG FOOT
MURDER MYSTERY
by Edgar Wallace
THE LENNOX
MURDER CASE
by Madelon St. Denis
THE VAN NORTON
‘MURDERS
by Charles Reed Jones
THE CLUE OF THE
LEATHER NOOSE
by Donald Bayne Hobart
THE GRAMERCY
PARKiMYSTERY
by Marion Harvey

 HERE are the 5 great mystery
 novels which our editorial board
 has chosen as the best—the most ex-
 citing, intriguing and entertaining
 crime literature ol the year. Here
 are mysteries that challenge you to
 solve them I Mysteries that will
 make the chills run up and down
 your spinel Mysteries that you dace
 not lay aside until you have read the
 last thrilling word!

 These same 5 novels would ordinarily
 cost you $10.00 if you bought them in
 $2 bookstore editions. Imagine get-
 ting such novels for only 20c eachl
 Imagine getting all FIVE, shipped
 prepaid to your home, lor only $1—
 for one-tenth their value in $2.00
 edition formt This bargain offer will
 remain open only as long as our
 limited stock of these novels lasts.
 To avoid disappointment—

—■Mail Coufion NOW!—™

 NOVEL MAGAZINE CO., Dept. 2105-X
 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y. •
 Gentlemen: I enclose only $1 for which
 please send me the 5 complete novela-: The
 Lennox Murder Case—The Van Norton Mur-
 ders—The Clue of the Leather Noose—The
 Big Foot Murder — The Gramercy Park
 Mystery. If not perfectly satisfied, I can
 return them and get my f 1 back.

Name......................................

Street....................................

City.....................State....v.
May, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

185

Tfte'CookefrqinedMah istite'fiffiP&Man

NOWYi

WHOME

City.........................

Kr.idcnt" of Cuul* tnny Nad CO
KtpiMinUlWt, 7 Mcdbury L*b«.

UN DR EDS o/CoOKE

M-----MENA,.„

MAKING ?60 to ?IOO A WEEK

Why don’t you'gct into Electricity, too? It’s today's great Oppor-
tunity for you and every other man who is sick and tired of strug-
gling along on small pay. Hundreds of "Cooke Trained Men-’
who were no smarter than you when they started now make t3,ooo
to $5,000 a year—and some make even more.

LEARN AT HOME IN SPARE TIME

Learn with the famous L. L. COOKE '-'Work Sheet and Job
Ticket” Method. It's simple, it's thorough, it's practical. It's
just like actual shop experience, yet it's all done right in your
own home with the Big Complete Outfit of Tools and Apparatus
given to you without extra cost. And it’s done in your spare time,
without quitting your present job or losing a single hour's pay.

PREVIOUS EXPERIENCE NOT NEEDED

You don’t need previous experience—you don't need higher
education to learn Electricity the L. L. COOKE Way. If vou
can read and write, that's enough. This great Training is amazingly
clear and simple. There s nothing like it anywhere. It's the Train-
ing with hundreds of successful graduates; it’s the Training that
has put many men on Easy Street; it’s the Training for YOU.

GET STARTED—MAIL COUPON

“Cooke Trained Men” are the "Big Pay Men'* everywhere. $66
to Siop a week is what many of them are making. That's the
kind .of a job for you. Get started under the famous L. L. COOKE
Money Back Agreement. Act today to increase your pay. Send
coupon for Big FREE Book, "Secrets of Success in Electricity.”
Mail coupon now.

L. L. Cooke School of Electricity

Dept* 405, 2150 Lawrence Ave., Chicago, 111.

L L. Cook* School of Electricity,

Dept. 405, 2X50 Lanrtnct Av#.. ChlCBfO. III.

&M»d at entirely (in ud folly prapild, your book "
of £m«*m io fclMtritity" with particular! about jour
fctudy Coura* is fcUctricity.

SOMETHING DIFFERENT
No Flint. No Friction
MAKE UP TO
$40 A DAY

             Showing My Mystery Lighter to
      Men. What Makes It Light?
      All Guaranteed. No Flint or friction.
      New Principle of Ignition. Sample
      With Sales Plan 25c. Sample Gold or
      Silver Plated, $1.00. Agents write for
      proposition.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

Desk A. S.-5	* Bradford, Pa.

Make money taking pictures. Prepare quickly durine
epare time. Also earn while you learn. No experience
necessary. New eaey method. Nothing else like It.
Send at once for free book. Opportunisma In Medert
Photography, and full particulars.

■__AMERICAN SCHOOL OF PHOTOQRAPHY • _ -•

Dept. X42S 3601 Michigan Ave.	Chicago,U.8. As

be overlooked by those who write about it. As
soon as an airship would get away from the
earth far enough to practically eliminate gravity
and be in a vacuum, it would need very little fuel.
So for the first many thousand miles of its travels,
rather millions of miles, it would use very little
fuel, as, traveling in a vacuum, it would have no
head resistance, and would not have to be sup-
ported against gravity. Then after reaching a cer-
tain point it would be attracted by the gravity
of the planet to which it is traveling and here its
use for fuel would be not to drive it ahead, but to
prevent it from going too fast. So when anybody
goes on a trip to Mars or any other interesting
planet, we do not. feel that they need worry much
about,the fuel question. We feel, however, that
Mr. Campbell has pretty well laid down the laws
for a trip to Mars.—Editor.)

A HARD-WORKING CRITIC. THE GRAPH
OF AMAZING STORIES
Editor, Auazikc Stories:

  As I have indexed Amazing Stories since the
first volume was completed, it recently came into
my head that it might be interesting to graph each
volume, issue by issue, in accordance with the
system by which I grade stories in the Index—
three stars for exceptional stories, two stars for
very good ones, one star for stories worth read-
ing but rarely worth rereading. Only eight stories
have fallen below one star in four years, while
four issues including the February issue have been
perfect, containing 100 per cent three starred
stories. All these have been in Volume 4. Since
I felt that one or two poor stories might drag
down an otherwise excellent issue, I inaugurated
a -"Bonus” system of averaging, whereby issues
containing a majority of three-star stories gained
one point above the numerical mean, a majority
of two-star stories, gained }4 point, and a ‘perfect"
issue gained two points. In the rare cases when
the issue came just below the majority for either
bonus, I have judged by the tone of the entire
issue, whether or not to grant the extra credit.
Such an issue is the June issue of this year, and
also the July issue, in which the extra value was
in each case added, the actual average making
half of the stories triple-starred.

  Looking back at the first years of the Index,
it seems that I was then almost undnly critical,
as there are several stories to which I would at
present give higher rating. However, as they
represent my judgment at the time, and as I fully
remember any story worth rating, I have not
altered the grading. As the graphs stand, they
represent, aside from actual progress, an ex-
panding tolerance and judgment from a Sophomore
in High School to a Junior in Union College, and
from the ages of 14 to 18—an important period.
1 believe that the graphs are most valuable un-
changed. When I have time, I hope to plot another
set of graphs, showing the influence of each issue
upon the cumulative average, and showing the
percentages of three- and two-starred stories. If
you are interested, I will be glad to send them
when finished.

  The graphs for both Monthly and Quarterly,
show that after the novelty of the first year fell
off, the quality of the issues began to slump (possi-
bly paralleling a slump in sales?) However, the
average did not fall far, and in the third year a
rise took place, especially noticeable in the Bonus
graph, leading to another sag toward the end of
the year. Suddenly, during the winter and spring
of 1929, the level shot up, reaching its first peak
of “Perfection” in May, 1929, then dropping, but
not far, and again shooting up to its present sum-
mit—three “Perfect'’ issues in five months—with
the volume-averages the highest in history. You
will probably find parallel occurrences, of which I
ran know nothing, in your circulation and other
data. What is most interesting is the rapid climb
to excellency—so consistent a climb that I fear—
and hope—that I will soon have to remodel my
grading system or slide along at an even “three" of
perfection. One of the great advances, of which
I have not taken account, except subconsciously,
is the improvement in artists, especially in the
acquisition of Briggs. Paul was good, in his way
excellent, but he had marked weakness, and the
change since he left is remarkable. We will have
to frame our covers soon. Vary the cover artist
too, if you can, and let him choose the story which
he considers best from the point of view of poten-
tial illustration. In the past, the distant past, the
selection of cover material has been frankly
rotten.

  As to long serials, I agree fully with their
previous advocate*. It takes an exceptional author
to write a Good long serial, or a Good very short
story—especially the former. Burroughs has done
it once in “The Land that Time Forgot.” Merritt
has never failed yet to my knowledge. There must
be others. While a number of under-length stories

Study at home

                                                    during spare time. Degree of LL. B. conferred.
                                                    LaSalle students found among practicing attorneys
                                                    of every state. We furnishalliext material, includ-
                                                    ing fourteen-volume Law Library. Low coat, easy
                                                    terms. Get ear valuable 64-pan “Law Guide"
                                                    and "Evidence” books free. Send for them NOW.

 LaSalle Extension University Bnainsss Training Institution Dept 5464-LChicago, DI.

   Legally trained men win high positions and big
 success In business and public life. Be independ-
 ent. Greater opportunities now than ever before.
 Big corporations are beaded by men with legal
 training.

   We guide youstep by step. Yon can train at home
186

EARN MORE MONEY

Learn PEDOPRACTIO—Iho new system of correct-
ing foot disorders and deformIties without medicine
or surgery that's making tremendous strides these
days. It’s a new uncrowded profession and offers
amazing opportunities in an unlimited field. Digni-
fied. Interesting and profitable. No thinking man
or woman will willingly neglect foot troubles when
they produce so much discomfort and disability and
can be so easily corrected.

LEARN QUICKLY AT HOME IN SPARE TIM El

 With but ordinary education and leisure home study
 you can aulckly qualify for this profession with Its
 •oclal, professional and financial advantages.

EARN WHILE YOU LEARN

 The demand for your services will be so great that
 you can start in your own home and earn the cost
 of your training while you are studying the course.
 We teach you how to quickly “cash in" on jour
 knowledge.

 You can quickly build up a practice and have an
 office of your own. It's a wonderful opportunity, so
 act quickly. Clip coupon below, sign name and
 address, mall today for full Information about this
 wonderful new science. Do It now. No obligation.

 —	— —-CUT HERE--- - *

         AMERICAN COLLEGE
  Chartered 1915 by the State of Illinois
  Dept. P-4	64 W. Illinois St., Chicago

Name ...........................................

Street ....................................

Town ....................

             State............

/FREE BOOKS of
BUSINESS HELPS

 We publish over 200 Home Study Books, each a complete
 treatise of its subject. Wo have one or more for you.

 Books on
 3 Commercial Art
 1 Lettering
 ] Advertising:
 j Sign Making
 j Radio
 ] Aviation
 ] Painting
 _J Silk Screen Process
 and many other subjects.

□	Decoration

□	Automobiles

□	Battery Work

□	Electricity

□	Carpentry
Q Building

□	Contracting

□	Sheet Metal Work
All fully described In our

 FREE CATALOG. Check the subjects in which you are *
 interested and writs today.

FREDERICK J. DRAKE & CO., Publishers

Room 511—171 No. Michi{an Blvd., Chicago

Drake book, arc lor sale in all book stores

Complete Muscle Building

  Course including exercisers

I POSITIVELY
GUARANTEE

 to increase your arms one-
 half Inch In size, chest one
 full inch, strength 25*.
 health 100% In one week’s
 time, by following my In-
 structions and using my ex-
 erciser 10 minutes mornings
 and at night. Send $1 for
 complete course and exer-
 cisers. Satisfaction guaran-
 teed or SL refunded.

   PROF. J. A. ORYER
 Box 1850-F Chicago, III.

GEARS

In stock—immediate delivery

 Gears, speed reducers, sprockets,
 thrust bearings, flexible couplings,
 pulleys, etc. A complete line Is
 carried in our Chicago stock. Can
 also quote on special gears of any
 kind. Send us your blue-prlnts and

inquiries.

    Write for Catalog No. 40
 CHICAGO GEAR WORKS
 769-773 W. Jackson BI vd., Chicago, 111.

RADIO BARGAINS

Short Wave sets, 1 tube; receives from 30 to 550

meters .......................................5 6.45

7 tube A. C. sets............................... 26.50

ABC power packs ............ ................ 8.75

 Power and Filament transformers................. 4.00

 Tubes: UX type. Fully Guaranteed, No. 250, $2.35; No.
 281, $2.00; No. 245, $1.25; No. 224, $1.75; No. 227.- 75cr
 No. 226, 65c; No. 171, 75c. Audio transformers. 75c.
 Variable .condensers, 50c.

           CHAS. HOODWIN CO.

 4240 Lincoln Ave. Dept. E-3	Chicago, III.

Dealer* in Bankrupt Radio Stocks

AMAZING STORIES

give more scope and variety, they do not permit
the fullest development of an important theme,
and, if while good they lead to sequels, there is
almost always a drop in quality. I have agreed
so far with your choice of sequels, and in all but
a few cases I have been disappointed with the
result. I almost felt that it would be best to
have an entirely different author write the sequel
or sequels, as Jules Verne did so wonderfully for
Wyss’s ‘‘The Swiss Family Robinson.” Again
this is a personal opinion, as the above is a per-
sonal rating and graphing, but I wonder if I am
the only one who feels that way about it.

  While it is not wise to neglect the excellent
modern fiction and let it go to the bettering of at
present inferior competitors, I think that at least
one long classic—by Wells, Verne, Cummings, A.
Merritt, H. Rider Haggard, Clement Fczandie,
Garrett P. Serviss, or one of the other authors,
most recommended by readers—should be printed
each year, with several shorter ones—only the best.
I know that many readers oppose this view, but I
wonder what direct vote would show—and which
is better literarily.

  In accordance with your present and near future
policy, what lengths will you consider in fiction
by unestablished authors? This question has a
personal background, for in my college course in
chemistry, 1 frequently run across phenomena
and concepts that I feel would make good fiction.
I get a great kick out of writing them up and
developing them, as well as a good bit of knowl-
edge, for I usually have to put a good deal of
study of fact into the development. Most of them
I have scrapped, as too near something that has
been written before, but I have a few that are new
and all run to length—the wrong length, it seems
to me. My longest and most hopeful, would take
up twelve or thirteen pages, maybe more, as its
length is about 16,000 words, but I have hopes
for shorter ones, one on the Arrhenius theory of
life spores that will be finished soon. There is no
magazine in which I would rather see them, and I
may get up courage to send one in, though each
time I read them they seem worse from the
literary viewpoint. Aside from my own interest,
a statement as to generally encouraged lengths
might help out some other discouraged author who
wants to bud and doesn't dare. I may not succeed
as an author, even if 1 do as a chemist, but I'll go
on writing, as a way to develop a concept, just as
long as I am struck by new phenomena and new
possibilities—and I'll keep on getting a kick out
of it, and a lot of knowledge from reading Plato
and Rubcnius, studying infinite series, topography,
or primitive mythology, or working out perspec-
tives and' planetary motions for a background to
what may develop of its own accord into an actual
theory or merely a story. There seems to me to
be a great field unopened in taking folk lore
seriously and building on its strongest points, as
Mr. Verrill did in “The Bridge of Light." Then
there is mathematics, probably the most beautiful
of the sciences, as well as the most fundamental
and independent. We limit our mathematical fic-
tion to the fourth dimension—Good, excellent, but
not enough. Here, “John Jones’ Dollar," by Henry
Stephen Kcler, April, 1927, and “Futility,” by
Capt. S. P. Meek, July, 1929, are exceptions. Last,
but not least, we steer clear of the extremes, the
upper limit of “The People of the Pit,” “The Face
in the Abyss,” “The Moon Pool,” “The Thing
from—Outside,” and “The Color Out of Space,”
of A. Merritt, H. P. Lovecraft, and Allan Eng-
land—where lies the greatest work and the greatest
good in scientifiction, the enlarging of • the con-
cept, the mental grasping at something attainable
but just out of reach of the pictorial and sensual
imagination, concepts which one must grasp at
with man’s greatest and least used weapon—the
power of pure thought and imagination. I cannot
gulp down and understand totally the silent ones,
the People, the Face, the meaning and powers of
the thing or color, but I can almost do it, and
in time I may. Great mathematicians can see
mentally the fourth dimension of mathematics as
through a lifting haze. So it is with the great
works of scientifiction, even Burroughs’ scheme of
Evolution in "The Land that Time Forgot,” and
as my mind develops through study, the haze is
lifting with each rereading. I hope that there
will be more beyond the rising fringes when I am
able to see that far. After all, there is not so
much difference between these frontiers of scien-
tifiction and the concepts of pure religion and
pure philosophy, is there? ‘All deal with ultimates,
with great enveloping fundamental forces, that
it takes an eternity to grasp—with the wonderful
possibilities of the Cosmos—and scientifiction is
bringing it the closest of the three. Too much
would be paralyzing to the mind, but can we tuit
have more of these near heresies of possibility
and less of the hidebound? You are slowly reach-

May, 1930

Amazing
BOOKS

Only SOe Each

 WhUe They Last!

XOOl RADIO
QUESTIONS
AND
ANSWERS

If you own a radio,
you need this book.
Everything: you want
to know about radio is
in it, from “How to
Kill Outside Radio
Noises** to a clear de-
scription of the new-
est tubes and how to
use them. If you have a question on radio,
here is your answer and a thou-
sand more. 100 large, 9 x 12
inch pageS' in beautifully colored
cover. Shipped direct to your
home for only...............

50<

!-----Mail TODAY!--””!

   Experimenter Publications, Inc.

   Dept. 2105-aa

  381 Fourth Ave., New York, N. Y.

   Gentlemen: Please ship me, prepaid, the* j
   big books I have checked below. I eu-, J
   close only 50c in full payment for each |
   book ordered.

  □ 1001 Radio Questions and Answers

□	Popular Magic and Card Tricks

  I
  I

 I Name ..

  I

 | Address

□	How to Win At Bridge |

I

  City and State

____I

 POPULAR
MAGIC and
CARD
TRICKS

Mystify your friends;
charm the ladies; be
the life of any party.

Make glass bowls van-
ish, cards fly, coins
diaappear. Do hun-
dreds of other magic
tricks and games as
easily as a profes-
sional magician. Over
200 clever stunts de-
scribed and illustrated in this big book on
magic. Countless evenings of —
fun and popularity await you.

Order , it shipped direct to your
home, prepaid, for only........

   HOW TO'
   WIN AT
   BRIDGE

   By Wilbur C. Whitehead

   Surprise your friends!
   Get the habit of win-
   ning! Let Wilbur C.
   Whitehead, famous
   bridge expert, show
   you his new short-cut
   method to complete
   mastery of this tasci-

_ _ nating game. By his

  easily understood new
picture method——show-
ing 500 hands to bid and play with analyses
and solutions—he makes you master of the
fine art of finessing, ruffing, stuffing, placing
the lead and dozens of other	—

clever plays. Worth more than
any $2.50 book on Bridge.

Shipped, prepaid, to you for only
GENUINE Model 3

ORONA

LOWEST PRICE EVER OFFERED

lownt Prleeaoa Earth!

  11gtfm *•' Vrta	Tbooaanda of eetiafled tire users all over

  \aJnttJ..* \\fi	the U.S.A,O0Tl6year8Of business epeaka

  ri fit Dim \t	for Itself. Tbla biff rcoDonsiblo company will

  HIlIPM V'	supply you with reconstructed standard

  ,1 £*",,\ EC\ \	mnketlrea at lowest prices In history— •
  t3!HS8WiK\ ®uiriniMfl tOj#iv^*2 months' Mrvtce

■) Don’tDelay-OrderToday

 HM	COROTIres	BALLOON Tires

flmftsjffW'-'M- Six* TtrsaTube* Slza Tlrsa Tu aa

U • SOxS $2.20 f1.00 29x4.4092.30$ , 10

 iTfrltl 1	80X8V6 2.25 1.00 29x4.60 2.40 .16

9>x4	2.95	l.lft	80x4.60	2.45	.20

  l^raRrSffCPRa S2x4	2.95	1.16	8Qx4.br	2.00 .16

 RIhtIMUmI ' '**	2 9B	115	28x6.26	2.95	.86

 ntolEHinW* 84x4 3.50	1,16	80x6.26	2.98 .18

MmTvfininnvW b>x4^ 3.20 1.<6 81x5.25 3.10 .se

tttHMffltilldlll'yt 83x4^ 3.20 1.46 80x6.77 1.30 .40

  84x4^4 3.45 1.46 szxs.oo i.20 .40
  I 80x6 8.90 1.76 83x0.00 3.20 .46
  Wow vBMrJ 83x6 9.90 1.76 82x0.80 3.50 .69
  — I J 86x6. 4.45 1.76 Ml Other 9lze*
  DIALERS 9«nd0niy 91.00 dapoa« with caeb tlra

  WANTVIl ordered. Wo ante balance O.O.D. Deduct 6
  *■	percent if cash In full accompanies order.

TlNa failing to sire 12 months eervlce will be replaced at balf price.

 YORK TIRE A RUBBER COMPANY, Dept. 1X6
 1984 9. Wabash Avenue_Chicago, Illinois

DOWN

             *?d entortainin* instrument that an*
able* all to aee and know life irmiible to the naked aye
.«*nd	Bee_ tiny bugs crow to propor-

    i n*.M alephanta. 8aa plant aad mineral li/e
uV amaaioc wondera.in form and color. Made ju*t
*>ss microacopaa uaad by phyaiclan*. aoiantiita. ate.
Now ooly $3.08. Could aaaily sell for SIO and $30 more.
Aojuftabla laaa of 240 power! Send only 31.00. Fay
i# .e# '.*?•"? p,ui poataca) whan postman deliver*,
it not satiahad raturn within 6 day* and your money will
be promptly refunded.

 MONEY SAVED

  By Using This Cotkpon

TRUS5 USERS

 Learn how to close the rupture opening, so
 the rupture can’t come down. Get a Ten
 Day Test of the herbal muscle-tonic
 “Plapao”, and 48 page illustrated book
 describing the effective home treatment
 used by satisfied thousands without delay
 from work. Awarded Gold Medal, Rome,
 Grand Prix, Paris, and other proofs of
 merit. You can make this test which
 started many others on the road to better
 health without cost—FREE. Write TO-
 DAY to Plapao Co., 375 Stuart Building,
 Saint Louis, Missouri.

ELECTRIFY YOUR,,,
RADIO FORONLY^'

  Why discard vour present good Bet when you
  can electrify it for only $636, and banish the
  expense of baying new B" batteries?

             lOve* 150,000Townaen<t
             “B’’Power Units In Uae

                         Hooked op In a few minotes. Use
  same tubes—no changes. You'll be
  amazed at the Improvement In re*
  ception and distance getting. Send
  name and address today for fall
  detain, proof and Free Trial Offer.
  TOWNSEND LABORATORIES
  7» Townsend street Chicago, Ililaola

 annoyance and

 LEARN TELEGRAPHY

 TELEPLEX, the mas- WITH
 ter instructor, teaches ____ _
 you the telegraph code ifiLfirLAA
 <Morse or Radio) right
 In your own home. You can become
 an expert telegraph operator after a
 few short weeks of practical study.

  NOT A SCHOOL- Amazing instru-
  ment works automatically. IfO
  ..knowledge needed—beginners learn
  at once. Free 10 days’ trial. Writ®
  to-day for FREE booklet.

         TELEPLEX CO.

  72 Cortlandt Street Dept. R-f I New York, N. Y.

MONEY FAR Yan

1 AT Ha ME

 YOU can earn
 homo maid
 canvassin;

          cam mod money ra span tlmesl
          ing display cards. No selfing or
          p. We instruct yon, furnish com-

      y^fwpfcc° ^ v°r^

  The MENHENITT COMPANY Umltod
  248 DominioQ Bldg.. Toronto. Ont.

 ^lete outfit and enpp

 ini on Bldg.. T

.Mwum i

I CHALLENGE

  you that I will teach you, by mail, in one lesson, the
  simplest, shortest method. All for $1.00. Not telepathy.
  You can read one’s mind to a dot, by only looking in the
  eyes of partner, chum, sweetheart, etc. Praised by New
  York, Boston, Montreal Police chiefs; colleges; Thurston;
  Blackitone, etc. If fake, let them arrest me.

 A. HONIGMAN, Dept. Amaz. XX

 Sta. E. P. 0. B. 85___Montreal. Can.

AVIATION

Information

FREE

  9aad ua your name aad addreae far fall Information regarding the
  A via tie it aad Airplane business. rind out abort the many arsst
  sppertuaWles now open and bow wa propara you at home. ******
  spare Mate, to qwallty. Our new booh ‘'Opportunities in me Air-
  plane Industry" aispssat frsa M you aaawsr at OMCO.

       AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION
 D9Pt>:i425, 8801 Michigan Avo.	CHICAOO

 ing those heights through the acquisition of better
 authors, but those few summits of the past, which
 I have mentioned, still overtop anything in the
 four perfect issues or any other issue. Force me
 to adopt a new system of grading and indexing
 where these shall be above the three-star level,
 the level which is becoming the average rather
 than the peak. Make me use a whole galaxy of
 stars to mark the gems that you offer. There must
 be more such stories somewhere. Publish them,
 for they are greater than half a year of the rest.
 Which again is a personal view, but not solely
 so, I hope, for if so, I must be mildly insane to
 think in this way.

    Finally, a question. Is it still possible to ob-
 tain from your offices a copy of the first Quarterly,
 featuring H. G. Wells* "The Sleeper Awakes V*
 My own copy has fallen victim to the inevitable
 borrowers, together with two years of other maga-
 zines, and I hope that I can at least duplicate it.
 If you have, and I can afford it, save it and notify
 me for it breaks an otherwise perfect collection.

                        P. Schuyler Miller,

                       302 S. Ten Broeck St.,
                             Scotia, New York.

   (This long letter which indicates a great deal
 of study, needs no additional comment. The
 questions you ask in regard to our manuscript re-
 quirements will be answered through our office.—-
 Editor.)

INTERPLANETARY STORIES AND AS-
TRONOMY. THE ROCKET PROPULSION
IN COSMIC SPACE

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I have been reading Amazing Stories for a
 little over a year now, and although I have un-
 intentionally skipped an issue now and then, which
 1 much hated to do, I will say that I am very
 much "taken up” with your magazine, which I
 always read from cover to cover. As I am, and
 always have been, much interested in science,
 and also am quite-a reader, I find much interesting
 and valuable material in the various stories pub-
 lished in your publication.

    I like interplanetary stories the best of all
  and think you have printed some mighty fine ones.
  Of the various methods that might be employed
  for motive power in traveling to other planets, I
  believe that the rocket type of ship, with its action
  and reaction principle, will be the first to be used
  in time; although it probably will originally be
  used as a means for transcontinental travel here
  on earth. Although such a device would have •
  more recoil in the earth’s atmosphere by having
  the air to react against, it stands to reason that
  the friction of the air'would just about counter-
  act this added impetus. Another reason I favor
  the rocket type of travel is because of the fact,
  that* the rocket tubes can be arranged for steer-
  ing the ship in any direction while out in space.
  This should not be overlooked as one might easily
  become lost or get off his course while flying
  through space, if he didn’t have a means with
  which to guide his ship where he wished. Some
  authors, while dealing with interplanetary travel,
  simply give their space-fliers the power for
  traveling, head the vessel for some far distant
  planet, and trust to luck to reach their destination.
  “The Explorers of Callisto” in the February issue
  ^brings out this point very clearly.

    Why doesn’t some author write a story about
 the sun? I think the sun should make a good
 theme for a story, as the whole universe depends
 upon it for its existence. Personally; I believe
 the sun is undergoing a change known as the an-
 nihilation of atoms, thus releasing atomic energy
 in the form of the light rays. It stands to reason
 that the sun could not be merely a big fire be-
 cause it would burn itself out in short order on
 account of its very intensity.

    I would like to know if any scientist has ever
  found out just what light, gravity and magnetism
  are and what causes light and electricity to have
  such tremendous speeds. I have theories of ray
  own along these lines but will say that I believe
  that light, life, and electricity are closely related;
  that electricity and matter are the same, and that
  gravity and magnetism are the same. With the
  exception of matter, perhaps the reason for the
  others not being more readily understood is be-
  cause they have no mass or anything tangible to
  work upon.

                             L. M. Howell,

                          *924 Factory Street,
                                   Owasso, Mich.

    (Perhaps'the reason that so many of our readers
  like yourself enjoy interplanetary stories more
  than others is, because some of our best writers
  are devoted to this class of narration. Sometimes
  there is an astonishing lot of good astronomy in. an
  interplanetary story. We have in mind one author,
  who; by his scientific attainments,, is particularly
  well adapted for this class of narration and who

    Ideal for Students!

  A wonderful help in studying
  aeience, botany, etc- Never
  before haa such a wonderful
  instrument bean offered at
  tbc^*maa|ntly low price oi

R. B. SPECIALTY COMPANY
Dc,l. E-360 220 E. 3rd St., Cincionili, 0.

DEALERS

AND

TEACHERS

WRITE

for

OUR

PROPOSITION!

May, 1930	AMAZING STORIES

 ! Smith Typewriter Salea Corp.

        [Corona Division]

 ■	469 B. Ohio St., Chicago, Dept, fll

  2 Ship id. tb. Corcxm. ,. O. B. Chico. OoKrTl.atrndeDMlt 13 5

  ■	Witt express agent. If 1 beep machine. I'll send yea S3 s month ■
  I th* $87.90balance of$89.90 price iepaldi the title to remain ■

  ■ with too until tben. lam to have 10days to try.the typewriter. If Z
  I decide l otto keep It. 1 wID repack and return to erpreae agent, I

  ■	w“° wiu a 'torn my $Z. Too are to five your atandard soar an tee. I

| Narnsmm___i—•____________________________________________________|

■

S Addr*M_________________________________________ ■

^ Employed ________________________________

                   [ERE’S your
chance to own
'that brand mw Genuine
Model 3 Corona you’ve
wanted—on the easiest
terms ever offered—at
LOWEST PRICE ever offered!
Complete in every detail: back
spacer, etc., MANUFACTUR-
ER’S GUARANTEE. Recog-
nized the world over as the finest, strongest,
sturdiest, portable built. Only a limited number
of these splendid machines available. To get
one, you must act now!

Yours for 10 Days FREE—
Send No Money

Experience the Joy this personal writing portable
typewriter ean give you! Use It 10 days free! See how
easy It Is to ran and the splsndidly typed letters it
tarns oat. Ideal for the office desk, horns, traveling.
Small, compact, light, convenient. Don’t ssnd oat let-

 ouHui, v-vuiyavi, iigut, tvuteuiout. uua t neuu out let"

 tern, reports, bills in poor handwriting when yoa can
 hsve this Corona at such a low price or on each easy
 terms.. Remember these are brand ntw machines right

 oat of the Corona factory.

Carrying Case Included

—// You Act Now

Leathered carrying ease, oiler. Insferaetlons free on

 $8 a month on tiF our special"pricsof"paid!
 Now is the time to bay. This offer msy nevsr bo
 repeated. Mail coupon now*
188

I^ADIO

 Genuine Screen Grid radio with dynamic speaker
 and high grade cabinets for radio or radio-phono-
 graph combinations.

Write today for free illustrated catalog of Radio
and Radio Cabinets

EXCELLO PRODUCTS CORPORATION

4832 West 16th Street
CICERO, ILLINOIS

WSTOLStlNGSHOr/

               NOTHING IJKE IT BEFORE!
 If you like hunting and outdoor
 aborts, you’ll jump with joy when
 you see this new PISTOL SLING
 SHOT. Cocks and shoots like real
 pistol. Special aiming sights and
 extra heavy pure gum rubbers enable you'to shoot with
 power and accuracy of the best air rifles. Ideal for
 Indoor and outdoor target practice. Shoots
 atones, marbles, lead balls, etc. Sample shot.

 FREE! Scientifically and practically made
 Aury 10 Ia3t * lifetime! Pin a dollar?

      * bill or money order to this ad-
      .OO vertlsement and mall today.

                 Stamps accepted. If not satis-
  fied return within 5 days and your monej
  will be promptly refunded.

R. B. SPECIALTY CO.

Dept. E-359. .220 E. 3rd St., Cincinnati. Ohio

Home-Study

  Business Training

  Your opportunity will never ba bigger than your
  preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
  •arly success. Free 64-Page Books Tall How. Write
  NOW for book yon want, or mail coupon with your
  name, present position and address in margin today.
  ] Higher Accountancy □ Business Corres.

     3 Mod. Salesmanship Q Credit and Collection
                          Correspondence
                          □ Modern Foremanshf p

 □	Traffic Management
 J Rail. Station Mgm’t

  □	Law: Degree of LL.B.

 □	Commercial Law
 □Industrial Mgm’t

  □	Banking and Finance

 □	Telegraphy

  ] Business Mgm’t
  □Railway Accounting

 M	n Dnnn. C.l.

 □	Personnel Mgm't

 □	Expert Bookkeeping

 □	C.P. A. Coaching

 □	Business English

 □	Commercial Spantsfe

 □	Effective Speaking

 □	Steootypy—Stenog'y

□ Paper Salesman's Training
LaSalle Extension University, Dept594-R, Chicago

AMAZING STORIES

 is devoting considerable of his work to it. Like
 many others, you fall into the error of believing
 that a rocket acts by pushing against the air.
 While the stream of gas has to displace air, this
 displacement docs not help the rocket; rather it
 hinders it. It would go much faster in a vacuum.
 The old Newtonian theory that action and reaction
 are equal and opposite applies to rockets. You could
 push against an object with a bar or solid object,
 but how could you push against anything with a
 stream of gas which has absolutely no solidity? If
 one did get into interplanetary space with some
 kind of a motor ship, it is hard to imagine any
 method of driving it through the vacuum other
 than the rocket principle. The propellers of an
 airplane would be absolutely futile there, but rocket
 propulsion would operate very well. The reason
 that power has to be expended in driving an air-
 plane is twofold. It has to overcome the action of
 gravitation and the resistance of the air. These
 are so tied up together that it is the stream of air
 flowing over the surface of the wings which sup-
 ports the plane. But if you got up into inter-
 planetary space and were so far removed from
 celestial bodies that gravitation would be almost
 negligible, there woud be nothing to stop you from
 going ahead and hardly any power would be
 required to keep you aloft, as. the sailors say. So
 once your rocket got you up one hundred miles
 or so, a rocket not. much bigger than a firecracker
 would almost have a visible effect on the propul-
 sion. No one knows what light, gravity and mag-
 netism are. There is a current belief that man
 will never find out the cause of gravity. It seems
 to be or rather is, so deep a mystery.—Editor.)

May, 1930

THE GREEN PRISM OF MANABITE
CONSIDERED

 Editor, Amazing Stories;

    My sincere apologies to Mr. A. Hyatt Vcrrill,
 the author of “Beyond the Green Prism,” if my
 following statements are misconstrued by my over-
 sight of the facts in reading his wonderful story
 on the vast microscopic unknown. .

    Why does not the green prism alter the size of
 other ingredients than animal substances ? Would
 this not open a field to greater possibilities in the
 story if the altering of size of all substances were
 to be in the same proportion?

    If as stated in the story, the green prism does
 not alter the mineral and plant substances as well
 as the animal, then to my conception the appear-
 ance of Romano's friend before Romano's wife
 would be rather an embarrassing incident, as the
 buttons of his clothes would undoubtedly be left
 behind on the larger earth by the camp; also the
 nails of his shoes would desert him as well as
 the gold and silver filling of the teeth in his head.

    And possibly the non-animal substances which
 he had probably eaten beforehand, such as beans
 which he ate, as they are rather an appropriate
 camping food.

    Outsi.de of this, according to my interpretation,
 this story is a remarkable conception of microscopic
 study. And the fact that the author dwells upon
 the possibility of another substance than glass for
 microscopic lenses might lead, as the author
 states, to a revolution of microbe study. If I were
 a scientist I would do some research upon this.

    This is my first written description of a sup-
 posed fallacy in Amazing Stories although I
 have been ah ardent reader of this true-to-the*
 title book for the past two years.

    I might state for the future well being of your
 magazine that you add . to the ball of fame of your
 advanced literary articles, a story based upon a
 friendly and benevolent visit from some of our
 more highly intellectual sister planets. This,
 I believe, would please some of your readers, and
 indeed I would be delighted. Something along the
 lines of a missionary invasion of old Mother
 Earth to enlighten our present day burdens, such
 as, health, crime, prohibition, war, and politics.
 Possibly the high tariff and “Farmer” questions
 which are troubling our senators and many others
 today.

    I don’t pretend to be a literary genius, but I
 believe I shall attempt to write upon such a subject
 as I have stated. I hope you will receive it gladly.

    I might question you if you receive unsolicited
 fiction for your wonderful magazine.

                        Thomas H. Glass,

                            1900 6th Avenue,

                  «	Altoona, Fa.

    (We read all fiction that is sent to us, solicited
 or otherwise. We are anxious to find new authors
 and we certainly have done our part in bringing
 many to the fore. In Mr. Verrill’s stories jrou
 must look for slight inconsistencies. The "Green
 Prism” stories, of which there are two, have been
 very highly appreciated by our readers. Mr.
 Vcrrill has a world-wide reputation as an ethnolo-
 gist and explorer.—Editor.)

Earn «3-°®
An Hour

in Spare Time!

*

RIGHT in your own
neighborhood there is
a pleasant, profitable,
ready-made business awaiting
you. A business that will
bring you immediate cash re-
wards—that you can build up
in spare time—and that re-
quires no capital or experi-
ence!

 Office and factory workers,
 students, teachers, store
 clerks, people in every walk
 of life are finding our easy
 money-making plan an ever
 abundant source of funds.
 This type of business has en-
 abled hundreds to build their
 own homes, swell their family
 incomes, buy automobiles and
 secure the luxuries they have
 always wanted.

 If you are earning less than
 $3.00 an hour now, clip and
 mail the coupon below today
 and let us show you how you
 may make your leisure time
 bring that much, and possibly
 even more!

  Immediate BigProfits!

 Your profits start just as soon
 as you do. Within 10 minutes
 after you receive our plan you
 can turn idle moments into
 good hard cash! And never
 again need a day pass that
 does not see more money
 added to your bank account.

 If you feel at all interested—
 send the coupon below. It
 costs only a 2c stamp, but
 may lead to a substantial in-
 come. We’re so sure you will
 find our plan immensely
 profitable that we supply
 everything you need free of
 charge. Every day you delay
 IS' a money-making opportu-
 nity lost, so

  Mail this Coopon NOW f J

 | Mackinnon-Fly Publications, Inc. w
 - Dept. 2105-W, 381 Fourth A*e.

 I New York, N. Y.

Without obligation to me, please send

 ■ me your eaay spare-time money-making
   plan immediately.

| Name ...........................

 Address

 I

^^Clty and State ......................^
May, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

189

A FLAME IN A VACUUM

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  There was a bad error on the cover of your
February issue. You show a jet of flame reaching
up to consume a man, who is exploring the moon,
which, according to the story, has no atmosphere,
that is, there is a vacuum surrounding the moon.

  Now, even a layman, such as I am, knows that
a fire will not burn without oxygen. Therefore,
I tbink the cover of your magazine is ,wrong.

                           Martin Yanke,

                2463 W. McMicken Ave.,
Cincinnati, Ohio.
(Could not the necessary oxygen be supplied
by the blowpipe through the opening of the jet?
The oxyhydrogen blowpipe is used by divers many
feet under the surface of the water in operating
on wrecked vessels and other iron or steel which
is submerged. It cuts through iron or steel just
as it does in air although fifty or more feet
below the surface. The oxygen is all supplied
by the blowpipe and its connections. So here is a
flume under water.—Editor.)

A NICE EXPOSITION OF METAPHYSICS

Editor. Amazing Stories:

   Congratulations for:

  Reprinting the works of Poe, Wells and Verne,
thus giving your magazine a distinctive literary
flavor, and, at the same time, disseminating a
more general knowledge to the public of the three
great originators of Scientifiction.

  Developing authors like Breuer, Keller and A.
Hyatt Verrill. Why not publish the latter's
tales in a single volume?

  Giving us such outstanding stories as “The
,Color Out of Space," “The Moon Pool" and
“The Machine Man of Ardathia.”

  I read Mr. Myer’s letter on the 4th dimension
in your February issue with Interest. That he is
correct in so far as Mr. Olsen's stories are con-
cerned is apparent.

  Before closing, may I remark that It is an
odd fact that neither the stories nor the letters
have attacked the problem of the 4th dimension
from the familiar standpoint of subjectivity. In
this respect Ouspensky’s views are rather inter-
esting. In anattemptto prove the Kaptian dogma lof
the subjectivity of Space and Time he agrees with
H. G. Wells that they are identical and that
Time is the 4th dimension of Space imperfectly
sensed. Applyingr this hypothesis to the world
about us he suggests that a snail, for example,
possessing only sensation, exists in a one-dimen-
sional world, or senses the world as existing on an
infinite line. An animal, say a dog, possessing
sensation and perception and seeing only surfaces,
construes the world as two dimensional, or as
existing on an infinite plane. A man, having
sensation, perception and1 conception also sees
nothing but surfaces, but he conceives the third
dimension, and the 4th dimension of Space he
hazily construes as Time. Thus, if we admit the
theory of evolution as an ever present factor in
existence, it follows that man may arrive at a
mental state as high above conception as conception
is above mere perception, and as Space is sub-
jective, he would to all intents and purposes be
a four dimensional being.

  But enough of metaphysics. If you ever decide
to publish a bi-monthly, count me in.

J. P. O'Gorman,

                          Hazelton Station,
                              Youngstown, Ohio.

  (This letter hardly needs a comment. It is
extremely clever. We hope, in the future, to
republish some of the leading stories which we
have given, but that is all in the future. Your
exposition of the why and wherefore of the four
dimensions is interesting and you bring out the
point that the fourth dimension is rather hazy
after all.—Epitoi.)

 A CORRESPONDENT WHO SHOULD
READ THE DISCUSSIONS COLUMN
Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I have been reading Amazino Stories for the
last two years and I enjoy them very much.

  I do not read the Discussions Columns very
often, but I have noticed lately a tendency to
criticize the printing of the stories by Jules Verne
and H. G. Wells. “The Time Machine” by H. G.
Wells, and “The English at the North Pole" with
its sequel "Deserts of Ice” were three of the most
enjoyable stories I have ever read and I only
hope you will print more like them.

  Your synopsis of each story in the Editor’s
comment at the beginning is very good as it gives
one an idea whether it would suit one’s taste.

Win Nash Sedan and $500
or $1,845 Cash

Seven Brand New 6-Cylinder Cars Given

 For advertising purposes I am going to glvo absolutely free ft brand new six-cylinder
 "Special Six” -Nub four-door Sedan, an Oldsmobllo two-door Sedan, a Do Soto two-door
 Sedan, a Pontiac two-door Sedan, an Essex two-door Sedan, a. Whippet two-door Sedan,
 and a Chevrolet two-door Sedan, all six-cylinder latest model Sedans; also 4 splendid new
 console type radios, a Victor Orthophonlo Victrola and other valuable prizes. Any person
 living in the United States outside of Chicago may enter an answer to this puzzle except
 employees of the W. D. Boyce Company or members of their families, or winners of
 automobiles or first prizes in any of our previous offers, or members of their families.

 SOLVE

  THIS

TRAFFIC

 PUZZLE

   In the picture there are 7 cars In a bad traffic jam. None of them can move forward,
 for each car is blocked by the one In front of It. One of these cars will have to be backed
 out. Which oner The traffic policeman seems to be stumped. Can you straighten up
 this tangle for hlmT Only one car may be moved backward, and if you pick out the
 right one, you will see that It Is not necessary to back up any of the others. Send the
 number of the car which when backed out will relieve this traffic tie-up, and It your
 answer Is correct you will be qualified for this opportunity.

$500*00 tor Promptness

   We are not only giving the Sedans, radios and so forth in our big prize list amounting
 to over $6,800.00, but are also giving an additional $600.00 is cash for promptness to the
 winner of first prize If he or she has been prompt. Thus, the first prize winner will
 receive the Nash Sedan and $500.00 In cash, or $1,846.00. Find the car which when backed
 out will relieve this traffic tangle and send the number of it in a letter or on a post card,
 or you can mark the car on the picture and send It to me. Be sure to write or print your
 name and address plainly. All who answer correctly caa share In the prizes or cash.
 ANSWER TODAY. In case of a tie for any prize duplicate prizes will be paid.

ARTHUR MESKE Dept 13, 510 N. Dearborn St, Chicago. HL

THE UNIVERSE IN DINGER!

From within the giant star Canopus Issued a
ceaseless stream of gravity-destroying vibra-
tions. which disrupted the galaxy and sent our
sun and all the other stars wandering aim-
lessly off Into space. How this terrific menace
was met makes a thrilling narrative filled
with exciting adventures and unthinkable
dangers. This startling weird-scientific novel-
ette. THE SUN PEOPLE, by Edmond Hamil-
ton, will be printed complete In the May Issue

 fUrdlUes

VheUnkQtePlagaziM

Os lalo it leading news standi April 1st. sr nail 25e to
the publliher* at 840 N. Michigan Av«.. Chli.go, III.

ORRECT
Your NOSE

Improve your appearance with the
ANITA Nose Adjuster. Shapes flesh
and cartilage—quickly, safely and
painlessly, while you sleep. Results
are lasting:. Doctors praise It 68,000
users. Write for 30-Dov Trial Offer
and PRBB BOOKLET.

ANITA INSTITUTE. 549 Anlts Bldfl.. Newark, N. J.

“Dependable ‘B’ Battery Power”

For long and short wave receivers. Prices
reasonable. Also/batteries, A & B operating
from 32 to 110 volt farm lighting systems.

Write for our free interesting booklet.

See Jay Battery Co., 911 Brook Ave N. Y. C.

QUIT TOBACCO

 Don't try to banish unaided the hold to-
 bacco has upon you. Thousands of in vet-

 Erata tobacco aaara havt. with tba aid of the
 .•aloy Treatment, found ft MW to quit.

KEELEY TREATMENT FOR
TOBACCO HABIT

 for tobacco. Saceosafnl for orar 60 fun. Writa
 today for rSKI BOOK and particulars of
 «ar MONEY-BACK GUABANTEB.

TOC KEELEY INSTITUTE, Dopt. L-603, DwlftM, 111.

 Bo**? of tha fampoa Koala/ Treatment for Lfooar and Drtura.
 Booklet Sant on Boqaaat. Corraapondanca Strictly Confldantlal.

Travel On
“Uncle Sam’s”
Roll

$1900Year to Commence

SEE YOUR COUNTRY

Mall Coupon Before You Lose'It

FRANKLIN INSTITUTE, Dept. HITT
Rochester, N. V.

STEADY W0RK-N0 LAY0FFS-PAID VACATIONS

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS—MAIL CARRIERS—CIEKS
Common Education Sufficient

 I
 I

 (Sira: Rush to me without charge—copy of 32-pace
 book, "How to Get U. S. Government Jobs," with
 f list of positions now obtainable, and full particulars
 ; telling how to get them.

 Name.

 I Address..
190

AMAZING STORIES

May, 1930

MAKE BIG MONEY

 Just out. Lights (as instantly with-
 out sparks or flame. Solis like wildfire
 wherever sat ii used. Retails for 25c.

MYSTERY GAS LIGHTER

Leant Public
Speaking

At homo—In spare time—20 minutes a

day. Overcome 4stave-fright." gain eelf-
|A,CQMo«DCe, IncT—i yoar ulirj, throooh
■•billty to aiwar other* br affaetlva

Packed on individual cards witn “*^-**^*'
instructions. Sample 10c or rush $9.00 per
Gross or $1.00 per Dozen.

Desk AS-5 NEW METHOD MFG.CO. Bradford,Pa..

Leant Public
Speaking

At homo—In spare time—20 minutes a

day. Overcome 4staff*, fright," salo eeJf-
^keoafldopeo. Inman yoor ulir j. ihmsh
Mttabillty to • war others br affaetlva

   A11 readers cannot be suited, so why criticize
 any one particular story. Mr. Bishop criticizes
 “The Superperfect Bride” in' the January Dis-
 cussions Column. I thought this story especially
 good;-on the other hand I did not care ior^‘The
 White Army”: because I read for ^pleasure and
 not for education, yet others enjoyed it a great
 deal.

   The one general./ fault I have to find with Scien-
 ti fiction Stories are the disastrous endings. The
 human race prefer happy endings to their stories
 and I imagine that is the reason that Scientifiction
 Stories are not more generally/ popular.

                   Merrill L. Stewart,

                      6945 Clinton Road,
                      Stonehurst Hills,- Penna.

   (We have two classes of writers whose products
 we give in our column. . The one class are the
 authors of our stories and we think very highly
 of them and find that our readers appreciate
 them very highly. The other class of authors
 are those who write us the interesting and often
 valuable letters which we publish in the Discus-
 sions Column. Many of our readers turn to these
 columns before they read the rest of the magazine.
 We say all this because we observe that you tell
 us that you do not read the Discussions Columns
 very often. Your views - that it is useless to
 criticize one particular story, is carried out over
 and over again, when some correspondent dislikes
 stories, which have met with the highest approval
 from others. You will find many letters of this
 character in the Discussions Column.—Editor.)

A. S. IS A FICTION MAGAZINE—NOT A
PHYSICS BOOK

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I have often wanted to write you my opinion of
 Amazing Stories. In my estimation, the maga-
 zine is O.K.

   I have heard a lot about changing the cover and
 shortening the stories. Suit yourself about the
 cover ; -but don't shorten the stories.

   A. S. is a fiction magazine—not a physics book,
 /as some of the fans whose letters I have read
 seem to think it should be. Keep it a fiction
 magazine.

  The first Amazing Stories Magazine I read
 was the Quarterly, the first story, “The Moon of
 Doom,’* by Earle L. Bell. It was a good story,
 but there is something I would like to Know about
 it. When Prof. Mildred and Ernest were prison*,
 ers in the cave, why didn’t the professor put a
 lot of-coal in the bowl? As inanimate objects
 can. not reason, He—She couldn’t have been able
 to distinguish between coal and a human being; I
 cannot understand-why the professor committed
 suicide.

  I finished the January A. S. Monthly and I
 think “When the Atoms Failed,” by J. W.-Camp-
 bell was the best story, with “The Fourth Di-
 mensional Space Penetrator,” by J. Kendig, Jr., a
 close second.

  About Mr. Kendig’s story, I understand the
 Space Penetrator was capable of traveling
 through the air. Why, then, did not the Doctor
 simply rise above the flames and heat of burning
 Lenonia, and carry Lama to Palmite? Please
 enlighten me on this subject.

   As for the booklet idea, I say, “Bring it onl”

   Here’s for more and better Amazing Stories.

                             B. Willbanks,

                           .*510 N. 3rd Street,
                              West Monroe, La'.

  (When you say that our magazine is not a
 physics book but is a fiction magazine you cer-
 tainly hit the nail on the head. The stories haye
 got to have romance in them, have got to have
 fiction in them. We, too, are very much interested
 in Mr. Campbell’s work. He has a very extended
 knowledge of physics and certainly has the knack
 of putting his knowledge into very acceptable form,
 as is evidenced by our Discussions Columns. Per-
 haps Mr. Bell will tell you why h'e killed off the
 professor in the “Moon of Doom.”—Editor.)-

“THE GOSTAK AND THE DOSHES”
AGAIN EXCITES COMMENT

 Editory Amazing Stories:

   The story “The Gostak and the Doshes” in the
 March issue of your magazine was extraordinary!
 I have never had the pleasure of reading a fiction
 story of such compelling interest: and reasoning.
 Give us more like it. ' (P. S.:—-I had a headache
 for two. hours after trying to reason it out.), '

  I thought the story “The Ship That Turned
 Aside” very good also.

   I liked all of the stories in this issue and I
 trust you will continue with such a high quality
 of reading matter.

                       George Buckman,
              Hillside and College Avenue,
              South Nyack, N.Y.

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

These columns will appear monthly in Amazing Stories

Rate—Eight cents a word. Cash shoiild accompany all advertisements unless placed by an
accredited advertising agency. Advertisements for less than 10 words not accepted.
EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc., 381 Fourth Ave., New York City

AGENTS WANTED

 200% PROFIT 1 EASY, QUICK SALES.
New auto necessity actually wanted by motorists.
Write Utilities Safes, 357 H, Fergus Falls, Minn.

 BIG MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY
OWNER buys Gold Initials for bis auto. You
charge $1.50; make $1.35. Ten orders daily easy.
Write for particulars and free sample. American
Monogram Co., Dept. 333, East Orange, N. J.
—tRANt) NEW MONEY-MAKERi Good for
$2.00 an hour. Wonderful article. Sells like
wildfire. Carry right with you. Particulars free.
ALBERT MILLS, 4950 Monmouth, Cincinnati, O.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  Amateur Cartoonist. Sell your cartoon. New
plan. Smith’s Service, Exll94 Wenatchee, Wash.

  FREE BOOK. Start Little Mail Order Busi-
ness, Hadwil, 5a-74 Cortlandt Street, N. Y.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

  Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged.
Money-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses
bought.) Lee Mountain, Pisgab, Alabama.

DETECTIVES

  Detectives. Work home or travel. Experience
unnecessary. Particulars free. Write George
Wagner. 2190 Broadway, N. Y._

HELP WANTED—INSTRUCTION

HOW TO ENTERTAIN

    Plays,- musical comedies and revues, minstrels,
 comedy and talking songs, blackface skits, vaude-
 ville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations, entertain-
 ments, juvenile plays and songs, musical readings,
 make-up goods. Catalog free. T. S. Denison &
 Co., 623 So. Wabash. Dept. 20,'Chicago.

MISCELLANEOUS

   Agents, Canvassers, Salesmen, Merchants, etc.,
 who are seeking direct contact with manufacturers
 for live propositions; 100% satisfaction guaran-
 teed; send me 25c (coin or stamps) for one pound
 of direct contact literature of over 200 unexcelled
 offers. Ted Armour, 136 East 28th Street, New
 York, N. Y.

PERSONAL

   Let me read your character from’ your hand-
 writing. Sample reading 12c. Refunded if dis-
 satisfied. Graphologist, 2309- M.J., Lawrence,
 Toledo, O.

   30c GOLD PLATED-VALET AUTO stropping
 safety razor with leather strop 30c coin. One
 dollar value. Bartram Sales, 8500 Bartram,
 Philadelphia. Pa.

  PRINTING OUTFITS AND SUPPLIES

    Complete _ printing outfits, presses, type, ink,
 paper supplies. Write for catalog. Kelsey Co.,
 G-67, Meriden. Conn._•'

SONGWRITERS

  Wanted Immediately, Men—Women, 18-55, qual-
ify at once for- Permanent Government Positions
$105-$250.month; experience not required; 'vaca-
tions with full pay; common, education. Write,
Instruction Bureau, 271, St. Louis, Mo., today.

   Songwriters—substantial advance royalties are
 paid on publisher's acceptance. New Booklet,
 "Song Requirements of Talking Pictures,” sent
 free. Newcomer Associates, 793 Earl Bldg.,
 New York.
C/’nn the MOON

Vz Price

■ M m ■tv ™ World's

III	boat «>kM- ABK

V V _ Underwood. Beminston.

' |.Bor»l—also portable*—Price*	<WllA

■■uMtobclowliur. (Kw»fm».)	EMM

 UNO NO MONIT!	ITSsSl

Sa^i^^^-jcssisi Jfmm

* ten yy». Iioi—money big ADn{Q

reecatalo* abowa actual rencbinoa

Toll colors.Getoor direct to roawar^^H

nMl plan and 10 dv free trial

■astoe Talaso-saaa ok eoee.

rta'rnatlonal Typewriter Ex ch.. Km.

Band yoor name and address for froa booklet trlvintr fntoreBttoff fa-
zormauoo and vital facta about Advertising. Fin d ou t how wo cppara
yog at home. la your spare time, for the opportnalusa open id this
Jiwiainntinif banincBB. Practical work. No text books. Old eatnh.
lisnea school. Successful graduates everywhere. Jgst tho Plan yoa
navs alwaya wanted. Write today. Mo obligation.

PAGE-DAVIS SCHOOL OP ADVERTISING

Dept. 1425, 3601 Michigan Ava., ChiM|9,U<S.A*.

LEARNy/ic BANj 0/>
under Harry Reser m

 the Worlds GreatestBanjoist fPHf

The Famous Leader
of the Widely Broadcasted

CLICQUOT CLUB ESKIMOS

  olfara aa amailasly aimpla Baajo Coura* by mall
  which anyone ota master at honio In n l»w apare
  noura. Positiona, fingering and chorda thoroughly
  llluatrated and explained. Studcntn and Profea-
  aionals heartily endorse this method. Ooeta only
  low osata a day. Special Banjos for Btudsats.

      BE POPULAR—MAKE MONEY
 At homo, partiea, or week-end Katharines, the banio
 player haa maay friend*. Also, the banjo la eaten*
 tlal in the daaee orcheatra of today. Beaiolate make
 bis monev. Learn more about thia ineipeasive
 course and the opportunities in banio play in*.
 Sand lor My FREE ILLUSTRATED BOOKLET

                                          Harry Resar f

                                   radio enter-
                                   tainer, phono-
                                   graph artist;
                                   Tenor Banjo
                                   teacher, or-
                                   chestra leader,
                                   composer or
                                   banjo music,
                                   guarantees
                                   success or mon-
                                   ey back.

HARRY RESER, Banjo Studio No. 32

148 West 46th Street, Now York, N. Y.

 New Edition Containing 100 Pages on

 A-C RADIO!

8 FLEXIBLE

MAROON

VOLUMES

 4900 pacts, . 8200
 illustrations, deluxe
 gold stamped bind-
 ing. Index in each
 book, general index
 In Vol. 8. Covers
 every . aubjoot in
 I'.leotrloity—Light,
 Powor.Tranam lesion.
 Generators. Motors,
 gwitohboarvle. Radio.
 Telephone llouse
 Wirias Railwaye.etc.

                          We’re glad to send a set to youf
                          home to examine and use aa your
                          own for 15 days—to show you
                          that here Is the moat up-to-data
                          and complete work on Electricity
                          over published. Written by
                          CROCKER of Columbia U.—
                          MILLIKAN of Calif. •'Tech.'!
                          —HARRISON of General Eleo-
                          trlo and 28 other noted Electrical
                          Engineers. Starts off with ele-
                          mentary Electricity In simple,
                          non-technical language for tho
                          beginner and Includes every
                          Engineering branch for use of
                          experts on the Job.

 Complete Electrical Reading Course

  Electricity, the biggest Industry In the world, continues
  to grow the most rapidly. And It offers better Jobs,
  bigger salaries and a brighter future than any other
  Held. Ektu dollar, eceru hour invested In learning EUe-
  trtcUv tctU com bact to you a 'thousand-fold. Learn in
  spare time with these books at OM-fllOt the cost of trade
  courses. Outline for organized
  Btudy, Qulz-questlona and a
  year's free consulting member-
  ship In the American Techni-
  cal Society Included rcuhota extra
  cost. It you .mail coupon Imme-
  diately.

               AMERICAN TECHNICAL
                  i SOCIETY

Dept. E-S25
Dr.x.l *>«-& 58th St., Chlcag.

AMAZING STORIES

   (Dr. Breuer’s curious satire, as you may call
 it, has received a great deal of complimentary
 criticism. We certainly hope to continue to main*
 tain the status of Amazing Stories as a dis-
 tinctively high class magazine.—Editor.)

AN AMUSING LETTER ABOUT THE
GOSTAK AND THE DOSHES

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Have just read your March number. The chief
 flaw in Dr. Breuer's story is that he is not precise
 enough. You may tell .him that these are my
 sentiments: only the gostak distims the doshes; the
 only gostak distims the doshes; the gostak only
 distims the doshes; the gostak distims only the
 doshes; the gostak distims the only doshes; the
 gostak distims the doshes only I _ Is this clear
 enough? I hope it is; for, in this case, I shall
 not be arrested as a traitor in the x-y-t world.

    And I am most anxious to go to this world. Ask
 Dr. Breuer what the best system is. I have already
 made a start; for I have looked at one of those
 crinkly curtains till the outside crinks seemed to
 stick inward and the inside crinks outward. It was
 necessary, however, to close one eye in order to
 do this. And I suppose this is ineffectual; for, if
 it were the proper method, then "Dead-eye Dick,”
 or any other single-lamped fellow, would already
 bt there!—But tell me the right way. And be sure
 to include a process by which the gostak and the
 doshes may likewise be turned inside out; so that
 I may be prepared to die chcerfully in order that
 the gostak may succeed in its distimming
 operations.

                             Felix B. Wadel,
                                 Tyler, Texas.

    (Again we have Dr. Breuer coming to the front,
 but this time as the subject of a correspondent’s
 letter with one of his very clever stories as the
 topic. Perhaps “Dead-Eye Dick" is there. There
 is much in this story that can be read between the
 lines.—Editor.)

WHAT IS WRONG WITH OUR MAGAZINE

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I have been reading your magazine for about
 two years, and never have I made any criticism
 of any sort. However, the time has come when
 I feel that, as an old reader, it is my duty to
 tell you wliat is wrong with your magazine.

    Having noticed the growth and development of
 your magazine in the past two years, I want to
 say that it is not satisfactory. Why don't you
 try publishing your magazine twice a month,
 and omitting all drawn out serials? There is an-
 other serious mistake you have been making just
 recently and that is the including of romance
 in your stories. A female has absolutely no place
 in stories of a scientific type such as yours are.

    And. why can't you have a correspondence page
 for letter-hungry persons, who would like to hear
 from someone in another part of the world? Now,
 I don’t know whether this letter will ever reach
 your hands or not, but unless something is done
 about this matter of Scientifically Romantic Stories,
 I’m going to stop reading your magazine. If you
 can’t stop them absolutely then you can at least
 cut them down.

    Referring back to the correspondence topic, I
 want to say that I have seen it successfully estab-
 lished in other magazines, and I guarantee you
 that the amount of publications of your magazine
 will increase voluminously.

Robert Dalton,

                      537 East 53rd Street,

Brooklyn, N. Y.

    P.S.—Perhaps I was a bit hasty about quitting
 you, but that’s the way I feel.

    (You object to romance in our stories. Romance
 is definitely a phase of human interest, and there
 is a feeling amongst some of our associates that
 there might be more human interest than there
 is in our stories. As the publication stands now,
 there is comparatively little romance in our pages.
 We do not understand what you refer to by “a
 correspondence page for letter-hungry persons.”
 The Discussions Columns certainly seems to us
 to answer this description. You also will observe
 that we make a point of publishing the full ad-
 dresses of our correspondents so that they can
 be written to by others. We feel that corre-
 spondence columns for this* magazine, which with
 few, exceptions are devoted to publishing the com-
 plete text of each letter, are a most valuable
 feature. By not cutting out parts of letters, we
 have been forced in many places to publish un-
 favorable criticisms, but it does everybody good
 to be constructively criticized. As regards your
 postcript, we are glad you think you were a bit
 hasty.—Editor.)

May, 1930

            Now lt*s Easy to
            GetRidof Fat!

                              Enjoy life I It's easy to load
                              weight with Lea-Wate Be*
                              ducing Tablets ( A sure*
                              safe, scientific method. You
                              will begin to reduce with
                              the first box. No exercise of
                              dieting! You can do what*
                              ever you like—eat what you
                              wish——and Just take Lea-
                              Wate after your meals. The
                              pounds will disappear like
                              magic I Thousands hare xtH
                              duced this easy way!

                 Send For
                 Trial Box

 Try Les-Wate! The easiest and best way to lose fat I
 Ton'll be astonished how quickly you'll lose and. how
 xnueh better you will feel. Guaranteed to be absolutely
 harmless. Money refunded If you are not delighted. Just
 ■lip a $1.00 bill in an envelope and send fora trial box
 •—enough to last two weeks. Don't delay. Remember.
 $1.00 will start you toward better health, happiness and
 » beautiful figure. The most amasing fat reducer on tha
 market. It is positively guaranteed to do the work. Two
 weeks' treatment sent by return mail, postpaid, f 1.00.

LES-WATB PHARMAOAL CO.

8211 Garmon Ave. Dept. 4$ Ghlotgo, Illinois

AUTO RADIO

 Designed specially for operation in automobiles,
 motor boats and airplanes. Compact. Tremendous
 volume. Wonderful’ tone. Single dial control.
 Will fit any car. Easily installed by anyone.
 Fully guaranteed. Be among the first to JJQ Cfl
 have an auto radio. Price including tubes *

CHAS. HOODWIN CO.

4210 I.incolu Ave., Dept. E-33, Chicago, 111.

H-F-L MASTERTONE

Laboratory-Made Receiver
The year's outstanding Radio Achievement

HIGH FREQUENCY LABORATORIES
28 N. Sheldon St., Dipt. 26, Chlcag., III.

tOLL-O STECMLTT CO,
Dept. E-335

220 E. M Si., Cincinnati, 0

FREE!

                               ids! Airship.!

                               'achate with

                               notions fori
                               ! 1000 feet.

- ............., . . ___Bend nan

 we'll eeodS of oar pew art pictures to dispone of c
 dal 25c offer. Send the *1.60 you collect and as a i
 for this service we will eend this wonderful Airahi
 foil inatrocQooe free.

 C. M. THOMAS. 337 W. Madison St., S-K-2Z. Chicago

MMomni—..■■■mwi.iii—ins
American Technical Society
Dept. E-S25 Drexel Ave. & 51th St* Chlcag-x

  Please sand for 15 days' free trial 8-volume set of Electrical
  Engineering just off the proas, subject to return if I wish to.
  (I pay the few cents exprese.eharsee on receipt of books, you
  pay expreea if returned.) If I arc id e to keep them., I wuI
  pay $2.00 after 15 daya trial, then $3.00 a month until $34.80.
  apodal advertising price, is paid, after which books.boooma
  my property. Year a Consulting Moiuuoralup to bo included
  free;

......................................................

 Addrtte. .......................... ••.aee.*.e*e«e*eea.e

Emvtouod by...........................................

£mpJeir<r*s Addr—e............................s..a.....*
192

AMAZING STORIES

May, 1930

 Contents
 Virtually
 Limited
 Only by
 the Extent
 of Man’s
 Knowledge!

Has Outsold
Any Similar
Volume the
World Over I

ENTIRELY at our own risk, we have arranged to
ship you ABSOLUTELY FREE this 1,000-page
“1930 WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK OF
FACTS”-—the veritable storehouse of information in
daily demand in every workshop, home and office—
the world’s most famous reference library which no
busy mechanic, experimenter, business man, educator,
or man or woman in any walk of life can afford to be
without!

  An Unprecedented Indispensable GIFT

The contents treated is virtually limited only by the
extent of man’s knowledge. More than 3,000 subjects!
A glance at the following gives but a faint conception
of its vast completeness, scope and amazing interest:

All About Radio and the Wireless
What Eclipses Will Occur in 1930
Law of Contracts, Wills

          and Business Procedure
Tables ol Time add Distance
What Produces the

                   Aurora Borealis P
Horn Does Bankruptcy

                Law Operate?
What Is the World's

                  Fastest Train?

What Is New York's

                   Costliest Building?
Tables of Temperature

                   and Precipitation
Complete Chronology

                  of the Past Year

Elements of Physics
Marriage and Divorce

                in Various States
How Many Tons in a

               Carload of Wheat?
The Great Disasters of History
How Can You Avoid Lightning?
What Are the Known Elements?
What Is the World’s

                Greatest Bridge?
What Is the Metric System?

How Fast Does Light Travel?
How Long Do Animals Live?
Hanging Gardens of Babylon
Seven Wonders of the World
Women—Interesting

              Facts About Them

Complete chapters are devoted to Aviation, Radio, Scientific
Progress, Intrepid Explorers, Chemistry, Biographies, Noted In-
ventions, etc. Science, Banking, Commerce, Industry, Sports,
Countries and Governments—production of Factory, Field and
Mine—Aeroplane data, Astronomical Tables, Velocity Tables,*
Poison Antidotes, Zodiac, Weather Forecasting . . . nothing has

escaped the corps of editors who searched the whole field
of human activity for every mite of information useful
to you.

Entertainment that Brings Bigger Pay

As an Amazing Stories reader of course you are' vitally
interested in all the amazing news, new inventions, dis-
coveries, patents, ideas and stories as they forecast the'
astounding world of the future in SCIENCE & INVENTION
every month.

Radio, Aviation, Electricity, Carpentry, Engineering, Auto
Mechanics, Television, Projection and Filming Talkies, Magic,
Still Photography, New Patents, Chemistry . . . SCIENCE
& INVENTION shows you the miracles of their latest de-
velopments and gives you a liberal education in all fields.
With its more than 200 highly instructive pictures in every
issue1, it will fascinate you, teach you, and pave the way to
fatter pay envelopes!

Send for your FREE Copy at ONCE!

To persuade' you merely to try it entirely at our risk, we offer
you the new complete “WORLD ALMANAC AND BOOK
OF FACTS” FREE with Eleven big issues, almost a full
year’s subscription to SCIENCE & INVENTION, at the
special introductory price of only $2. You risk nothing. If
you are not more than delighted with both the magazine and
gift we absolutely guarantee to refund your money.

There are only 5,000 of these 1,000-page Gift Almanacs left.
To make Bure of getting your copy-

■---•Mail Coupon Before It’s Too Late!---'

■ SCIENCE & INVENTION, Dept. 2105-Q
! Published by MACKINNON-FLY PUBLICATIONS, Inc.
381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

    Please send me ENTIRELY FREE the 1,000-page *'1930 WORLD
   ALMANAC AND BOOK OF FACTS" postpaid by return mail and
   enter my Special Introductory Subscription for- Eleven Months ol
   SCIENCB & INVENTION at only *2.00. I save 75o on the regular
   single copy price and get the complete "WORLD ALMANAC” FREE.
   If not more than delighted, you will cheerfully refund my money.

  Name

Address

 City and State

Most Widely Consulted
Reference Book in America!

 Now, for the first time, SCIENCE &
 INVENTION offers you this triumph
 in book-making—this complete and un-
 abridged

WORLD ALMANAC
and BOOK OF FACTS

FREE!

FREE'-The BoofcYouNeed Most.
 while you learn at
 home.

 R.T. I. QUALIFIES YOU TO MAKE MONEY AND ITS SERVICE KEEPS YOU UP-TO-THE-MINUTE
 ON THE NEWEST DEVELOPMENTS IN RADIO. TELEVISION. AND TALKING PICTURES

 Radio now offers ambitious men the great-
 est Money-Making Opportunity the
 worldhaseverseen! Hundreds of trained service
 men are needed by radio dealers, jobbers, and manufacturers!

    GOOD JOBS are open for men in all of the many branches of Radio,
  where qualified men easily earn $60 to §100 per week and even
  $10,000 a year jobs are plentiful.

   BIG MONEY for Spare-Time Radio Work is easily made in
 every city and village. You can now qualify for this Big-Money
 work quickly through R. T. I. Get the Big Money Now and
 go up and up in this Big Pay field. The Radio industry calls
 for More Men, and R. T. I. supplies what the industry
 wants you to know.

No Experience
Needed

   An, YOtr need is ambition and the
 ability to read and write. The Radio
 industry needs practical trained men.
 Remember, R. T. I. makes it easy to cam
 spare time money while you learn at home.

 More to eome

Supervised by Radio Leaders

 R. T. I. training is prepared and supervised by
 prominent men in radio, television and talking
 picture engineering; distributing; sales; man-
 ufacturing; broadcasting, etc. These men
 know what you must know to make money
 in Radio. You learn easily in spare time
 at home with the R. T. I. wonderful
 combination of Testing Outfits,

  Parts, Work Sheets, Job Tickets,

  It is easy, quick and practical,
  covers everything in Radio
  —includes Talking Pic-
  tures and the latest
  in Television. Get
  started in Big
  Money Ra-
  dio work
  now.

  The men who get into this Big-Money field now
  will have an unlimited future. Why ? Because this
  billion dollar Radio industry is only a few years old
  and is growing by leaps and bounds. Get in and grow
  with it. $10 to S2S per week and more is easily made
  in spare hours while you are preparing for Big Money.
  Television, too, will soon be on the market, so the
  leaders say. Be ready for this amazing new money-mak-
  ing field. Remember, R. T. I. “3 in 1” home-training gives
  you all the developments in Television and Talking Picture
  Equipment, together with the complete Radio Training.

Warning

  Do not start R. T. I. training
  if you are going to be satisfied
  to make $15 or $20 per week
  more than you are now. Most
  R. T. I. men will make that much
  increase after a few weeks. There is
  no reason to stop short of the Big
  Money Jobs or the Big Profits in a
  spare time or full time business of your
  own. No capital needed. Get started
  with R. T. I. now. Make money

THE R.T. I. ADVISORY BOARD. These men are executives with important concerns
in the radio industry—manufacturing, sales, service, broadcasting, engineering, etc., etc.
They supervise It. T. I. Work Sheets, Job Tickets, and other training methods.

R.T. I.

R. T. I. TRAINS YOU AT HOME FOR A GOOD JOB OR A PROFITABLE
PART TIME OR FULL TIME BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN

tt. T. I. Book Now

 FREE

 The thrilling story of Radio,
 Television and Talking Pic-
 tures is told with hundreds of
 pictures and facts—its hun-
 dreds of big money jobs and
 spare time money-making
 opportunities everywhere.
 Send for your copy
 now. USE THE
 COUPON.

LET F. H. SCHNELL.

AND R. T. I.

ADVI80RY BOARD
HELP YOU

 Mr. Schnell. Chief of
 the R. T. L Staff, is
 one of the ablest and
 best known radio men
 in America. He has
 twenty years of Radio
 experience. First to es-
 tablish two-way ama-
 teur communication
 with Europe.

     Former traffic man-
 ager of American Radio
 Relay Lea£ue. Lieuten-
 ant Commander of the
 U. S. N. R. Inventor
 and designer of Radio
 apparatus. Consultant
 Engineer to large Ra-
 dio manufacturers.

      Assisting him is the
  R.T.I. Advisory Board
  composed of men prom-
  inent in the Radio in-
  dustry.

RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE
Dept. 785, 4806 St. Anthony Ct., Chicago

RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE
Dept. 785, 4806 St. Anthony Court, Chicago
Send me Free and prepaid your BIG BOOK
“Tune In On Big Pay” and full details of your
three-in-one Home Training (without obligating
me in any way).

Name...................................................................

Address_______________________________________________________

City_________________________.State...............
 Over the Mountains

froin Los Angeles

559Miles

om

Gallons of GAS

GAS

\\\\

2.7000

12    
I     
9"  : 
4-  1 
      
Thin

 only

This

  k of it! FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY-NINE MILES over rough mountainous country burning
  ELEVEN GALLONS OF GASOLINE. Imagine more than FIFTY MILES to the GALLON,
  is what the WHIRLWIND CARBURETING DEVICE does for D. R. Gilbert, enough of a
  saving on just one trip to more than pay the cost of the Whirlwind.

The Whirlwind Saves Motorists

   Millions Of Dollars Yearly

         Whirlwind users, reporting the results of their tests, are amazed at the results they are getting. Letters keep streaming into the office
   telling of mileages all the way from 22 to 69 miles on a gallon, resulting in a saving of from 25 to 50% in gas bills alone.

         Mark H. Estes writes: "I was making 17 miles to the gallon on my Pontiac Coupe. Today, with the Whirlwind. I am making 36 6/10 miles
   to the gallon. Am I glad I put it on? I’ll say sol"

         P. P. Goerzcn writes: "I made an actual test both with and without a Whirlwind, getting 13'A miles without and 84 6/10 miles with the
   Whirlwind, or a gain of 21 miles to the gallon. The longer the Whirlwind is in use on the machine, the better the engine runs, has more pep
   and quicker starting. It makes a new engine out of an old one, and starts at the touch of the starter button."

        R. J. Tulp: “The Whirlwind increased the mileage on our Ford truck from 12 to 26 miles to gallon and 26% in speed. We placed
        er on a Willy's Knight, and increased from 12 to 17 miles per gallon.

   another

         Arthur Grant: "I have an Oakland touring car that has been giving me 15 miles to the gallon average, but I can see a great difference with
   the Whirlwind, as it climbs the big hills on high and gives me better than 23 miles to the gallon of gas, which is better than 50% saving in gas.

   W. A.
   running, and

         Car owners all over the world are saving money every day with the Whirlwind, besides having better operating motors. Think what
this means on your own car. Figure up your savings-^-enough for a radio^-a bank account—added pleasures. Why let the Oil Companies profit
ut this amazing little device that will

 Scott: "I had my Whirlwind for three years. Winter and summer it gives the same perfect service, instant starting, smoother
 i what I saved in gasoline these last few years has brought other luxuries which I could not have afforded previously."

 by your waste. Find out about

 pay for itself every few weeks in gas saving alone.

FITS ALL CARS

   In just a few minutes the Whirlwind can be installed on any make
of car, truck, or tractor. It's actually less work than changing your
oil, or putting water in the battery. No drilling, tapping or cnanges
of any kind necessary. It is guaranteed to work perfectly on any make
of car, truck or tractor, large or small, new model or old model. The
more you drive the more you will save.

SALESMEN AND DISTRIBUTORS
WANTED

Free Sample and $100.00 a Week Offer

   Whirlwind men are making big profits supplying this fast-selling device
that car owners cannot afford to be without. Good territory is still
open. Free sample offer and full particulars sent on request. Just
(neck the coupon.

 WHIRLWIND MANUFACTURING CO.
999-230-A Third Street	Milwaukee, Wise.

GUARANTEE

  No matter what kind of a car you have—no matter how big a gas
  eater it is—the Whirlwind will save you money. We absolutely guar-
  antee that the Whirlwind will more than save its cost in gasoline alone
  within thirty days, or the trial will cost you nothing. We invite you
  to test it at our risk and expense. You are to be the sole judge.

           FREE TRIAL COUPON
 WHIRLWIND MANUFACTURING CO.

  999-230-A Third Street, Milwaukee, Wise.

     Gentlemen: You may send me full particulars of your Whirl-
  wind Carbureting device and free trial offer. This does not
  obligate me in any way whatever.

Name ......................................................

 Address ...... *.... .....................................v .*

City ..........I.....!......................................

 County ....... .................... State ..............

  □	Check here if you are interested in full or part time salesmen
      position.