5 Complete Stories—5

r THE SHORTSTORY PUBLISHING CO 144 HIGH ST BOSTON.MASS J

A Postal Card Tragedy.

  E. F. Bishop.

  The Gratitude of Mrs. Hatch.

  G. B. Dunham.

  Ely’s Automatic Housemaid.

  Elizabeth W. Bellamy.

 The Curse of Zulma Rebeya.

  Rheta Childe Dorr.

  To Save a Stainless Name.

  Catharine Young Glen.

HENRY F. MILLER

SEND FOR CATALOGUE	Pianofortes	boston, mass.
                                            rfflEraSSgSgEB
                    ATTENTION, MOTHERS!

  The famous French physician. Bouchard,says: “Children fed on meat often suffer from gastro-int rst inal
  derangement siskin diseases and bilious headaches,and rheumatism in its most serious manifestations comes
  early.

 FOR INFANTS.—Boil one cup Quaker Oats in
 two quarts of water for half an hour, strain through
 a sieve or double cheesecloth, and sweeten to taste.

 If you want your boys and girls to feel well—to
 grow into robust men and women, give them, nay
 insist upon their eating, QUAKER OATS.

At all Grocers in z-j)ound Packages,

 QUAKER OATS makes not only the best breakfast porridge in the world, but also
 delicious wholesome bread, muffins, cakes, soups and puddings. Write for our Cereal Cook
 Book, edited by Mrs. Rorer, Free, postpaid.

 The American Cereal Co.,	Monadnock Building, Chicago, 111.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

i

THE MEN ARE JEALOUS!

     We thought we had an excellent idea — and so we did. But there was a
flaw in it. We offered One Thousand Five Hundred Dollars for prizes to
wearers of the Sorosis Shoe for the best fifteen stories illustrating the
romance that naturally accompanies the beauty, style and comfort of the
Sorosis Shoe as worn everywhere that fair women and brave men meet —on
golf-links, tennis-courts, in mountain rambles, ball-rooms and busy streets,
at home and abroad. So far so good. But our mail came in, and then the
trouble began!

     The Men were Jealous. They were not “ wearers of the Sorosis Shoe,”
but claim they are quicker to notice and better able to appreciate handsome
shoes than their sisters, that they knew all about the romance and beauty
and style and comfort of the Sorosis Shoe on the feet of their sweethearts,
wives, daughters, sisters, cousins and aunts, and they wanted to write about
It — and incidentally to win the prizes. They complained vigorously.

     What could we do?

     Nothing —except apologize publicly, and give them a fair chance with
the fairer sex.

     But we don’t intend to have the women put into competition with Tom,
Dick and Harry. We stand by our original offer. And for Thomas, Richard
and Henry we make a new offer — open to their sex alone.

      There is nothing mean about the “ Sorosis ” Shoe or its manufacturers,
and we’ll prove it. Here is the proof:

      For the best thirty stories illustrating the beauty, style and comfort
of the

A. E. LITTLE & CO., 52 Blake Street, Lynn, Mass.

Manufacturers of the wonderful " SOROSIS” SHOE, now so universally worn by women.

       Every applicant will receive a copy of our New College Story containing fine half-tone
illustrations of all the prominent colleges.

       NOTE. — The knowing one is now aware that “ Sorosis ” make her feet look well and feel
well no matter what the size she wears.

SHOE

we offer

in prizes as follows:

To Women, fifteen prizes:

$500 for first-prize story, $250 for second-prize story,
and the rest, $750 in smaller prizes.

To Men, fifteen prizes, of the same amounts.

Literary people of recognized standing and ability will be the judges of
these stories. Send for full particulars respecting this competition to
ADVERTISEMENTS.

STUDY AT HOME.

        Course by mail prepares for
 admission 10 Hie bar and de-
 cree trom our resident school,
 Indianapolis College of Law.
 Individual instruction by
 scholarly men. Elective courses. In-
 ternational patronage. Graduates
 practising. Stud for I.aw Catalogue.

                      Sketching. Mag-
  azine Illustrating taught hy mall. Adapt-
  ed to all. Individual instruction and criti-
  cism same as our resilient school. Best
  method*. Prepares quickly for profitable
  Work. Send for lionkh-l I.

 MEOICALt£?»SS„OPTICS

  by mail. Adapted to Physicians, Phar-
  macists and all home students, individ-
  ual instruction. Elective courses. Inter-
  national patronage. See Catalogue H.

  National Correspondence Schools,

  52 Penn Street, • - Indianapolis, Ind.

LAW

             unducted by Hon. A. J.
 Willard, late Chief Justice Supreme
 Court of South Carolina. Send for
 free Catalogue No. 8-K. fotumbim
 Cormpondmro Collep, No. 225 Penn-
 sylvania Ave.,S.E., Washington, D.C.

 Study Caw at Home

  Leading School in Correspondence Instruction.
  Course lends to I.L.B. and prepares for admission
  to liar in all States. Full particulars free.

  < lilcnito I orrrNpondence School nf I.aw,

  610 Reaper Block,	-	CHICAGO, ILL.

    OVERNMENT POSITIONS

       8,000 APPOINTMENTS lngthe past year

         to Civil Service places, and a larger number
  is pending for luuo. We prepared 1ft Y
  >1 ,\ 11> a large per cent of the successful ones
  for the examination, and the lucky ones or moo
  will Ik- largely those whom we assist. Let us assist you.
  Send tor free catalogue. No. B 14.

  coi.t'.ntm.V COKItKSPONDKNCB COLLEGE, 225 Penn-
  sylvania Avenue S. E-, Washington, D. C.

G

IT PAYS

         Admiral Sampson

                worked on a farm when a boy
                By study at night, he prepared
                himself for a brilliant career. We
                offer you greater advantages for a
                successfulfulureif you will study
                " between times,” through

               Education by Hail

                    in Electrical, Mechanical. Si cam,
  Minins and Civil Engineering;
  Metallurgy, Art, Architecture,
  Practical Newspaper Work, Eng-
  lish Branches, Stenography, Machine Design and Mechan-
  ical Drawing. L«w price: eaay term*. Thu moat thorough
  and complete course of any correspondence school in tho
  world. Send to The United Correspondence School*.

  151-158 Fifth Ave., New York, for tree catalogue No. IS.

                            lood positions lor com-
  petent people. Become competent by reading our latest
  nook, “Art of Reporting.” Thousands used. Fifty cents by
  mail. Journalists Publishing Co., Box 11)9, Allegheny, I’a.

 If I	If you do we can be of assist-

 VV ■ % I I EL m aneetoyou. Few publishers
 have time to read your MSS. We have. That is our
 business. We make a specialty of giving estimates of
 literary work. You will llnd our mtesreasonable. Send
 for them. Address,

 International Manuscript Bureau, Station A, Washington, D.C.

                       to write Books. Highest
                       Royalties paid to anthors of
                       Novels. Plays, Music Re-
                       ligious, Historical and Scien-
                       tific Works wanted. Try
                       your hand

 WRIGHT & CO , Publishers, 1368 Broadway New York. |

ROWING MACHINES AND EXERCISERS.

    College and school supplied with the best grade of
  athletic goods. Send for catalogue.

 ifti:Lisi:iC'r bicok. a- t o.,

                     •»(li Ave., New York.

 WHY THE LARGEST?

  Forty-five years of constant and
  healthful progress has put the

NewEngland .

Conservatory

OF MUSIC

  of Boston, Mass., at the top (both in size
  and standing) of musical institutions
  in America. Comprehensive in plan,
  moderate in price, thorough in practice
  and famous for results.

GEO. W. CHADWICK, Musical Director.

  FRANK W. Hale, General Manager. Send fur nu
  illustrated catalogue.

  JOURNALISM

      offers a brilliant career to intelli-
      gent, trained young men and wo-
      men. All branches of journalism,
      reporting, editing, story writing,
      editorial and political writing
      are thoroughly and practically
      TAl’OlIT BY MAIL
      Underthe direction of Mr. Henry
      Litchfield West. formerly manag-
      ing edit or ot the Ww-htngtw Port,
      ic'X Write for booklet describing the

_\course Nat. t'orrc-pondence In-

  —^flstitote Cine.) 23-18 Second Nat’l
  Bank I'ldg , Washington, D. C.

JOURNALISM

   INSTRUCTION BY MAIL ONLY.

     A thorough and scientific course adapted
     to the individual needs of writers. Long
     established. Responsible. Successful.
     Instructors experienced and competent.
     Students successful and pleased. Rest
     of references. Write fur descriptive
     catalogue. It is sent free. Address,
     Spracrne Correspondence School of Journalism,

     No. 89 Majestic Bldg., Detroit, Mich.

Correspondence School
m of ILLUSTRATING

STAMMER

                 Writo at onco for our new 200 pagO
                 book. The Origin and Treatment <>r.Stara-
                 mirlng. Tho largest and tuos instructive
                 book of Its kind ever published. Sent
                 free to any address for 0 conts lu stamps
                 to cover postago. Ask also for a freo
                 sample copy of The Phono-Moter, a
                 monthly paper exclusively for persona
                 . who stammer. Address

                 The Lewis School lor Stammerers

 t*co. Aadmvr Lc»is. 50 Adelaide St., Detroit, Mich.

                          Home instruction in draw-
                          ingfor newspapers and maga-
                          zines by successful illustra-
                          tors. Reouires spare time
                          only. Adapted to young
                          and old, beginners and ad-
                          vanced students. An op-
                          portunity to enter a highly
                          profitable profession, rim
                          information frre.

CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATING-
114 West 34th Street. New York
ADVERTISEMENTS.

SCRIBNER’S
for 19 0 0

 "FOR 1900, THE CLOSING YEAR OP THE CENTURY,
 HAS BEEN SECURED THE MOST VALUABLE PROGRAM
 THE MAGAZINE EVER OFFERED.” The full 24 paye pros-
 pectus in small book form, with illustrations in colors by noted
 artists, will be sent upon application.

 TOMMY AND GRIZEL, by J. M. Barrie, has finally been com-
 pleted, and will be published in Scribner's Magazine, where “ Sen-
 timental Tommy " first appeared. It will begin with the new vol-
 ume (January number) and will be illustrated by Bernard Partridge.

     THE BOER WAR will be dealt with in Scribner's (like the
 Spanish War) with vivid, complete descriptions by eye witnesses—
 accompanied with the best photographs. The first articles will be by
 II. J. Whigham, who has already reached the front.

               OLIVER CROMWELL, by

                     Theodore Roosevelt, will not be
                     the history of a mere student, com-
                     piled with much research, but with
                     little experience of affairs. It will
                     show a man of action in history as
                     viewed by a younger man of action
                     today. The illustrators include F.

                    C. Yohn, E. C. Peixotto, Henry
                    McCarter, Seymour Lucas, R. A.,
                    the well-known authority upon the
                    Cromwellian period, Frank Craig
                    and Claude E. Shepperson.

Theodore Roosevelt.

llenry Norman.

  RICHARD HARDING DA-
 VIS will continue to be a promi-
 nent and frequent contributor both
 of fiction and of special articles.
 More specific announcement will
 be made from time to time.

  THE RUSSIA OF TODAY,

 by Ilenry Norman, author of “The
 Real Japan,” “ The Far East,” etc.,
 and the expert on foreign politics
 and colonial policies. Six articles,
 all illustrated.

Richard Hardlnn Davis.

  OMDURMAN AND THE
SUDAN, by Capt. W. Elliott
Cairnes, the well-known English
military critic. Illustrated.

$3.00 a Year, 23 cents a Number. CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS, New York.

  A TRIP IN GREENLAND,

 and other articles, by Walter A.
 Wyckoff, author of “The Workers.”

  THE CHARM OF PARIS,

 by Ida M. Tarbell, illustrated by
 five famous foreign illustrators.

  SENATOR HOAR: “Har-
 vard Fifty Years- Ago,” and other
 papers.

  THE BEST STORIES IN
 THE WORLD will continue to
 appear in Scribner's — stories by
 new writers as well as by Thomas
 Nelson Page, Richard Harding Da-
 vis, Henry van Dyke, Ilenry James,
 Edith Wharton, Ernest Seton-
 Thompson (author of “ Wild Ani-
 mals I have known,”) and many
 others.

   ART FEATURES include,be-
 side the uncommon illustrations for
 “ Cromwell ” and the other pictorial
 plans mentioned, special articles on
 art and artists, such as “Puvis de
 Chavannes,” by John La Farge, to
 be illustrated, in color, from the
 great artist’s work; special illus-
 trative schemes by Walter Apple-
 ton Clark, Ilenry McCarter, E. C.
 Peixotto, Dwight L. Elmendor^
 and others. Also color-printing
 and colored covers.
iv

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Brigadier- General

CHARLES KING

    famous as the foremost military novelist of
    our times and country, is just finishing the
    revision of his

LATEST NOVEL

     This is a story towards the building of which
     the author has drawn not only on his expe-
     rience in the Philippines, but also on his mem-
     ories of almost forty years in the service of
     Uncle Sam.

Ainslee’s Magazine

     for Christmas will contain the opening instal-
     ment of this remarkably interesting novel,
     under the title

“TEN YEARS’ TRIAL”

    or “ The Story of a Soldier’s Struggle.” No-
    body who is interested in the life of our
    soldiers in garrison and on the field of battle
    should fail to read this storv.

OTHER INTERESTING FEATURES IN CHRISTMAS AINSLEE’S WILL BE:

OOM PAUL KRUEGER. A Character Stud v and an Interview. Illustrated from Photographs.
THE REA RER OF BURDENS. By I. ZA NG WILL. A Short Storv.

CONTRIBUTIONS by EUGENE' WOOD, ARTHUR I. STREET. KATHERINE TYNAN,
ARTHUR J. STRINGER, MARY T. VAN DENBURGH, HOWARD FIELDING.
SPECIAL ARTICLES.—The Balloon Club of Paris.—Irving Behind the Scenes.—Life on the
Great Lakes.—Home of the Duchess of Marlborough.—Poems.—Topics of the Theatre.—
Illustrations, etc.

The Christinas cover isa work of art, lithographed >" seven colors and illustrated in gold. PRICE 10 CT3.
All Newsdealers, or the Publisher*, STKEET M SMITH, 2S8-388 William St., New York.

By special arrangement we are able to offer:

McClure’s Magazine
The Black Cat
Leslie’s Popular Monthly
Recreation
The Black Cat
Self Culture

All 3 for *1.90

    3 for *1.75

Address all orders to AMERICAN CLUB LIST, SHAMROCK, N. V.

UNITARIAN sent free!

t TTrr* a 'rTTrkT' By MRS. HENRY A. MILES,

LITERATURE	mass.

POULTRY i

trial 10 cento. Sample Free. 64-parepractical

Eltry book free to yearly subscribers.
>k alone 10 cents. Catalogue of poultry
ksfree. Poultry Advocate, Syracuse, N.Y.

k

JACKSON k IIOVK.NDOX, Xew and Old Rook Sell.Tn.

2* Ann Stkkkt. Xkw Yokk.

Richard Carvel,......!•*><•., postpaid, SI.11

l>avid llaruni........95c., •• i.u7

No. 5 John St.,.......*i.io “ 1.23

A Roving Commission, by llenty, l.io ** 1.20
No Surrender, ** ** 1.10 “ 1.26
Won by the Sword. ** “ 1.10 ** 1.26
When Knighthood was in Flower, 1.10 “ 1.21
Janice Meredith.......tec., •* 1.07
ADVERTISEMENTS.

More than 200 distinguished contributors, Soldiers, Sailors, Statesmen, Scholars,
Travellers and Story-Writers, will help to enrich the volume for 1900. Among them are:

Gen. Wesley Merritt	John Philip Sousa.	Margaret Deland.

Elizabeth Stuart Phelps.	Jesse Lynch Williams. Gen. Charles King.

Rider Haggard.	Ian Maclaren.	Capt. Chas. D. Sigsbee.

Rebecca Harding Davis.	Octave Thanet.	Andrew Carnegie.

The Annual Announcement Number, containing full Illustrated Prospectus of the
volume for 1900, sent free, upon receipt of a postal card, to any address.

CAPT. CHARLES D. SIGSBEE.

The Youth’s
Companion
Free Every
Week to
1900.

  Subscribe Now

sending $1.75, the price of a year’s
subscription, with this slip or the
name of this magazine, and we will
send

   The Companion
   Calendar Free,

the most beautiful souvenir ever
presented by the publishers, and all
the remaining issues of The Com-
panion for 1899, *n addition to the
52 weeks of the 1900 volume — a
library in itself.	111124

THE YOUTH’S COMPANION,

201 Columbus Ave. BOSTON, MASS.

ANDREW CARNEGIE.
VI	ADVERTISEMENTS.

^Ihei\rtlVeservatiife

           'TT'HE PRINTING required by some
^ of the foremost Book and Art
Publishing Houses, as well as the
representative Commercial Concerns,
has for years been supplied by us.
Few houses anywhere are so well
equipped to do full justice to large
orders calling for The Right Kind of
Work at The Right Price and The
Right Time of Delivery.

The Press

                    FURNISH suitable Dresses for
the product of our Presses.
In other words, we do The Right
Sort of Binding, and turn out at the
shortest possible notice pamphlets,
books and catalogues in any quantities
and any styles,—always at The Right
Time and at The Right Price.

The Dress

            TljQlE SUPPLY Designs and lllustra-
tions, large or small, simple
or elaborate,— whether this, that or
the other Process of reproduction is
to be employed. We are always
ready to give to our patrons the
benefit of our experience and advice,
with a view to enhancing the artistic
attractiveness and commercial effect-
iveness of their printed matter.

TheProcess
ADVERTISEMENTS.

vii

“siii hi aiorniFF

BT JOSIAH ALLEN'S WIFE I IILL

    “ Sanmntha at Saratoga ” is the most popular
book ever written by the famous authoress. Marietta
Holley ("Josiah Allen's wife"). It is brimlul of witty
remarks, droll philosophy
and ludicrous descriptions,
written in the author's l»est
vein, and will be enjoved
by every lover of the hu-
morous. Many thousands
»f the subscription edition
of this ln>ok have l>een sold
at $2.!i0 each. We have just
published an entirely new
and complete edition of
“Samantha at Saratoga,”
containing all the text of
the original, in one large
volume of 374 i>ages, printed
from large type, embellished with w humorous illustra-
tions by upper, many of them full page, and for the pur-
pose of introducing our popular illustrated household
magazine. The Luilie*' World, into thousands of
homes where it is not already taken, we now make the
following special and extraordinary offer: Ugon receipt
o/' onl>/ l'illi't'ii Cent* u-e will send The l.ndi***’
Worid/or Three Month*. and to each subscriber tee
trill ahonend, Free awlpout-paid, one copy of ••S:inia 11-
tha at Saratoica." This is an exceptional opportu-
nity, and places this incomparable book within the reach
of all. The I.adiks’ World is a large, 24-page. 96-column
illustrated magazine for ladies and the family circle,
with elegant cover printed in colors. It is devoted to
Stories, Poems, Ladies’ Fancy-Work, Home Decoration,
Housekeeping, Fashions, Hygiene, Juvenile Heading,
Floriculture, etc. You will be charmed with the maga-
zine. and delighted with “Samantha.” Five subscrip-
tions, with the book free to each, will l>e sent for CO
cents. Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded. \\ e
have l»een established 24 years, and refer to the mercan-
tile agencies as to our responsibility. Address:

   S. H. MOORE & CO., Publishers,

(Dept. B),

23 to 27 City Mall Place, New York.

No
Matter

What

      your politics may be you'll laugh to
      44 split your sides99 over JUDGE during
      the campaign of 1900. JUDGE has
      politics in pictures for the politician,
      humor for the humorist, and all-around
      good-natured satire for everybody.
      JUDGE'S cartoons are features of every
      political contest that a good American
      should not miss.

       JUDGE is published weekly and is
     to be found the world over. It is sold
     at 10 cents per copy, or by the year
     at $5.00.

      Remember, please, that

         Judge is
     the Prince of
     Caricaturists

“CHICKENS COME HOME TO ROOST"

(A Novel)

 By L. B. HILLES.

Second Edition. Twentieth Tlioiimnd.

Beautifully illustrated. Bound in cloth, 12mo. Now
ready and sent, postpaid, for SI .25.
ll«>n. ltohert <i. In«cr*oll said: “This is the
boldest and best of the year.”

Hon. George Rntler: “ Would not be surprised
if a million copies were sold.”

Hon. 4'. S. ICeed : “A literary gem; a gift to the
world of the ideal novel.”

Hon. M. 1.. Kniicht: “Most realistic and re-
markable hook of the age.”

Hon. Oeorite I*. Smith, owner Joe Patchen:
“ The horse race in Ben Hur can’t touch it. It is a three-
time winner."

Hon. IS. T. WaUcmnn, Deputy Appraiser Port
of New York, says: “A great novel! Great in plot,
character, situations and climax. Greatest 1 have ever
read. Should be dramatized.”

lion. Win. I.. Stone, A. It., A.M., LL.B.,
anthorand member tlf tv literary societies, says: “ ‘Chick-
ens Come Home to Koost ’ is most admirable. Vivid in
description, beautiful and felicitous in execution, splen-
did in plot ami a great accession to American literature.

Hundreds of letters like the above. Write for a copy
at once.

WRICHT & COMPANY, Publishers,

 Book Dept., 180H-70 Broadway. New York City.

Also now ready. "WHO IS YOUR WIFE?" postpaid, 50c.

 ... and...

“RHYIK8 AND JIXWLKS. JIXULKS AND K1IYJIKS,

VKKY WOOD THINKS FOB X-SAS TISK8.”

A Mother Goose Production, with twelve original draw-
ings set to music. Kle.gant in style, and just the thing
for The Little Folks. Price *1.50.

PLAYS

Dialogues, Speakers, Magic Tricks. Wigs,
Mustaches, Music Goods. Catalog Free.
G. H. W. Bates, .Boston Mass.

that s / 7°u^1

                        send us 2oc.
        we will send
        | f	/ you Demorest’s

 gM II	/ Family Magazine

*• *■	/for three months

             and give you two
      handsome pictures in
      ten colors, exact repro-
      ductions of famous oil
      paintings. They are 8
      by IH inches. This offer
      of this great family magazine
      is only good for 60 days.
      Write to

DEMORESTS MAGAZINE

Art Department

110 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY
via

ADVERTISEMENTS.

onrpiJH CDrCTDIDTn ciinnDC for 300 Annual Subscr|Ptionsat 5,00 each»

OrLUlAL rntt llllr IU tllnUrt or commission on those secured.

A CHANCE FOR A BRIGHT YOUNG MAN OR WOMAN HAVING 299 FRIENDS.

                                Send for Excursion Booklet.

                   We want you to become one of the 100,000 new subscribers
                   which we confidently expect to add to the subscription list of

“The National Magazine.”

SPECIAL OFFER FOR DECEMBER.

25c.

25c.

Pays for subscription to “ The National ” until March i, 1900. Cut a
hole in a piece of pasteboard, insert a quarter, wrap in paper and send
with your address. This includes Dec., Jan., Feb. ana March.

JOE MITCHELL CH APPLE,	THE W. W. POTTER CO..

          Editor and Publisher.	91 Bedford St., Boston, Mass.

   WILL CARLETOK’S MAGAZINE.

“Every Where”

Only Magazine for
which Will Carleton,
Marietta Holley, (“Jo-
. si ah Allen's Wife”),
VI. Fanny Crosby, (World’s
T'% greatest hymn-writer),
and other famous au-
thors write in every
number. Best of addi-
tional literature.
SOCentsaYrar.

Spprlal OITi-r,

If you mention The Black Cat. Address

EVERY WHERE PUBLISHING CO., Brooklyn, N. Y.

 P E R. SOKT Xj

     Send ten rents (stamps or silver} and I will
     mail you, free of charge, a sample of my new

        Pi‘l'kutnil K v	Hook.

     A handy ami lumdsome vest pocket l>ook. ar-
     ranged to enable you to keep a careful record of
     your |*ersonal expenses every day in the year
     without trouble to yourself. < Jive these Ixkjkb a
     trial, and you will never be without them.

        K. II. REACn, l»ubU*her,

     IO liiilil ItliH-k, lletioit, M ichiicaii.

■A ■	to write foronr 266-page free book.

^1 S*	Tells how men with small capital

Aa W	can make money with a .>lR«ie

I n I V Lantern or Stereoptiron.
MeALLlSTEli, Bf*. Optician, 49 Nunnau St., . Y.

The Readers
We have—
We hold!

This is an age of education. No other nation on the
     face of the globe is so intelligent as ours, and
     intelligence makes a nation prosperous and
     happy. Education gives a young man the best
     chance in life. The easiest and cheapest way to
     educate yourself and your children, irrespective of
     the schools and colleges, is by having the best
     current reading in your house.

       THE GREATEST FAMILY NEWSPAPER IS

Leslie’s Illustrated Weekly.

             It tells the story of contemporaneous events and illustrates it with the most
artistic pictures. He who reads it every week learns to recognize the counte-
nances of the noblest men and women in public and
in private life; the appearance of the world’s most
famous places, and the scenes of the greatest historic
Interest.

LESLIE'S WEEKLY is a paper to keep on the
library table, and to read and reread, and to file away
lor useful reference. It is read by more families of
culture and refinement among the masses than any
other paper of its class in the world. It is the greatest,
best, most attractive and cheapest of all American
educators.

It is for sale everywhere—on the stands, in the
bookstores, on all trains, at IO cents per copy.

LESLIE’S WEEKLY, no Fifth Avenue, New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

ft

IX

USEFUL BOOKS FOR
CHRISTMAS GIFTS....

   Some books are designed for entertainment, others for informal
tion. This series combines both features. The information is not
only complete and reliable, it is compact and readable. These
are the latest as well as the best books on the subjects of which
they treat. No one wishing to have a fund of general information,
or who is inspired with the spirit of self-improvement, can afford
to be without them. They average 200 pages, are 6 x inches
in size, well printed on good paper, handsomely bound in green
cloth, with a heavy paper wrapper to match.

         Each 5<) Cents

ETIQUETTE. By Apnea II. Morton. Success in life
   is often marred by bad maimers. A perusal of this
   work will prevent such blunders. It ia a book for
   everylK)dy, for the select sets as well as for the less
   ambitious. The subject is presented in a bright and
   interesting manner and represents the latest vogue.

LETTER WRITING. By Agnes II. Morton. Most
  persons dislike letter writing because they fear they
  cannot say iust the right thing. This admirable 1k»ok
  not only shows by numerous examples just what
  kind or letters to write for all occasions, but it
  teaches the reader to become an accomplished, origi-
  nal letter writer.

QUOTATIONS. By Agnes II. Morton. A clever com-
   pilation of pithy quotations, selected from a great
   variety of sources, ami alplialnHieally arranged ac-
   cording to the sentiment. It contains all the popular
   quotations in current use, together with many rare
   bits of prose and verse not usually found.

A DICTIONARY OF MYTHOLOGY. By John II.
  Bechtel. The average person dislikes to look up
  mythological subjects on account of the time occu-
  pied. This book remedies that difficulty becanse it
  contains just what is required for the average person.
  It is comprehensive, convenient, condensed and in-
  teresting.

SLIPS OF SPEECH. Tty John II. Bechtel. Who
   does not make them? The best of us do. Why not
   avoid them? Any one with the desire for self-
   improvement can. No necessity for studying rules
   of rhetoric or grammar, when tins l>ook can be had.
   It teaches both without the study of either.

PRACTICAL SYNONYMS. Ity John II. Bechtel.
  Any one with the least desire to add to his vocabu-
  lary should have a copy of this hook. It is designed
  mainly to meet the wants of the busy merchant or
  lawyer, the thoughtful clergyman or teacher, the
  wide-awake schoolboy or girl.

TOASTS. By William I’ittenger. What would you
   not give for the ability to respond to them? No
   need to give much when you can learn the art from
   this little book. It will tell you how to do it; not
   only that, but by example, it will show you the way.

THE DEBATER’S TREASURY. By William Pit-
  tenger. There is no greater ability than the power
  of skilful debate. Here are directions for organiz-
  ing debating societies, and suggestions for all who
  desire to discuss questions In public. Also a list of
  over 200 questions for debate, with arguments both
  affirmative and negative.

CONVERSATION. By J. P. Malraffy. Rome people
  are accused of talking too much. But no one Is ever
  taken to task for talking too well. Of all the accoin-
  plishments of modem society, that of beingan agree-
  able conversationalist holds tlrst place. Whattosay,
  just how and when to say it, is the general aim of W
  this work.	W

PARLOR GAMES. By Helen E. Hollister. “What
  shall we do to amuse ourselves and onr friends ? ” is
  a question frequently propounded. This complete W
  volume most happily answers this puzzling question, w
  as it contains a splendid collection of all kinds of ill
  games for amusement, entertainment aud instruction. ^

ASTRONOMY: THE SUN AND HIS FAMILY. %

   By Julia McNair Wright. Can you tell what canscs W
   day and night, seasons and years, tides and eclipses ? w
   Why is the sky blue and Mars red ? What are mete- $
   ors and shooting stars ? These,anda thousand other M
   questions arc here answered in a most fascinating JE
   way. Hlustrated.	a

BOTANY: THE STORY OF PLANT LIFE. By &
  Julia McNair Wright- The scientific subject of i
  Botany made as Interesting as a fairy tale. N ot only J
  ia the subject treated with botanical accuracy, but
  there Is given much practical information pertain-
  ing to the care and treatment of plants and flowers,
  illustrated.

FLOWERS: HOW TO GROW THEM. ByEben
  E. Hex ford. Every woman loves llowers, but few
  succeed In growing them. With the help so clearly
  given in tins volume, no one need fail. It treats
  mainly of indoor plants and (lowers, those lor win-
  dow gardening, all about their selection, care, light,
  air, warmth, etc.	W

DANCING. By Marguerite Wilson. A complete in- cm
  structor beginning with the first positions and lead- X
  ing up to the square and round dances. A full list of a?
  trails for square dances, the etiquette of the dances,

   and too figures for the german. Illustrated.	w

PRACTICAL PALMISTRY. By Henry Frith, &
  Palmistry Is one of the most popular subjects of the 3%
  dav. More people would t>e interested in it If they S:
  projK-rly understood it. This volume furnishes full w
  and trustworthy information on the subject, and by
  means of It, any one will be able to read character
  fully and accurately. Illustrated.

LAW. AND HOW TO KEEP OUT OF IT. By
  Paschall H. Coggins, Esq. Most legal difficulties
  arise from ignorance of the minor points of law.
  This book furnishes to the busy man and woman In-
  formation on just such points as are likely to arise in
  every-day affairs, and thus forestalls them against
  mental worry aud financial loss.

•j- Our 80 Jtnge, catalogue is enclosed with every order, or It can be had for the ash intj

*	The boohs mentioned are for sale at all bookstores or tv ill be mailed for the price

1 THE PENN PUBLISHING COMPANY 923 Arch Street Philadelphia |
X

ADVERTISEMENTS.

^	Sr
^	S

^	^	bookseller or newsdealer won't

^	supply you we will send a copy postpaid fjp.

                                                      upon receipt of price.

^	The American News Company, Publishers’

                                                Agents, 39-41 Chambers St., New York.

Sr

'O

3

— r	&

^5	of the	Sr

I #^/irr %r/itv/irr |

33 r

  Stories
EverTold

5

'j

Including the great $1500 prize
story, “The Tax on Moustaches;**
$1000 prize story, 44 The Glen
Echo Mystery;*’ $500 prize story,
** The Heart of God;** 44 The Mys-
^ terious Card,** etc., etc.

■-J 8mo. 320 pages, laid paper, clear
type, unique paper-canvas cover.

             Price, 50 cents.
A DVEllTISEMEN TS.

xi

Fifty Pen Pictures of Home Life

As Revealed to

THE PASTOR
THE TEACHER

THE PHYSICIAN
THE LAWYER

Will be Given to the Readers of The
Household duriug the Year 1900.

NO PROFESSIONS touch more closely the
Home and the Business Life, carry more se-
crets, and exert greater influences, thau those
of the Pastor, the Physician, the Teacher and
the Lawyer.

Subscribe

to

The Household

EACH ISSUE contains:

$1

The Best Stories of Nome Life.

Short Articles on Current Events.
Interesting Facts and Amusing Incidents.
Seasonable Suggestions on What to Wear.
Incidents and Illustrations for Children.
New Patterns for Knitting and Crocheting.
Lessons from the Boston Cooking School.
Window Gardening and Flower Culture.
Practical Receipts for Home Cooking.
Battenberg Lace in New Stitches.

IIow to Decorate the Home.

Practical Suggestions for Mothers.

Lessons in Silk Embroidery.

Popular Home Entertainment.

Etiquette in Social Life.

Address The Household, 110 Boylston St., Boston, Mass

For Your Convenience

    that excellent dentifrice
    and detergent mouth wash

    This is the Sozodont Liquid.
The Sozodont Powder is also 25c.
Sozodont complete. Large Size Liq-
uid and the Powder in a box, 75c.
At the stores or by mail, postage
prepaid, for the price. Address
P. O. Box 247, New York City.'

. HALI. ft RUCKEL,

New York.	Proprietors.

Send a Dollar for this

INGERSOLL $ WATCH

and GUARANTEE.

JWrw/f 'fl. l

  KERS.I6H6S WASHINGTON^
EW YORK CITY.AGRft THATIfX
WITHOUTMISUSf THIS WATCH fAlls]
U HUP C000TIUC FDR 0N[ Yf I
WIII.UP0N ITS RCTURNTOM
,T0C£THOlwnH5’f0RR[MAJi
DTHlSACfifOIWTJIfWm
nmOFCHARC

   Now known the world
   over, the Wonder of
   nil Watches, for
   Merit, Beauty ami
   Price. Cut snows it
   exaeily—also its
   Marvelous Guaran-
   tee, the Broad eat
   ever given with
   Wateli : and tliere I*
   *2.(X«MI00 bark of it.
   hvery live Merchant,

>y Reputation or Kx-
. ^rience.

Send a dollar hill and get
the latest 'lw Model; money
back if wanted.

ROBT. H. INGERSOLL & BRO., Makers
Dept. 156, 67 Cortlandt St., New York City

 TheWhiteBrick

$IOOOPrizeStory

By Frank E. Chase

Will Appear Complete
in

TheBlackCat

for

 January 1900
ADVERTISEMENTS.

ARTISTIC HOMES

A 304 - Page M

of Low-cost Houses 95c

“The Cottage Builder** Issued monthly. $1.00 Yearly,

 WITH ANY TWO OF TIIE FOLLOWING LIST OF NEW BOOKS.
 Moderate cost Houses 25c i 32 Summer Cottages 25c 132 Houses $1200 to $1500 25c
 Frame Cottages No. 1,25c I 32 Artistic Churches 25c I 32 Houses $1500 to #2000 25c
 Frame Cottages No. 3, 25c I 38 Double Residences 25c j 32 Houses $ I Kl¥) to $25n0 25c
 Frame Cottages No. 4,25c I 32 Brick City IIouses25c I 32 Houses $1000 to $1200 25c

HERBERT C.CHIVERS, Architect, ........................

St. I.imiih, Mo.

 Easy Walking,

 IncreaseH Helg'it,

 Arched Instep,

 Better Fitting Shoes,

Ease and Comfort.

Simply placed in the heel, felt dowm. Do not reqi.ir .nrger
shoes. Invisible, durable, healthful, recommended I y pi v*i.
cians. Raised or lowered by adding or removiiif .aye. f
cork, l-2in.25c.s3-4in.35c.il in.5«c.per pa*-- T
DC /in Send name, size of shoe, lu-igli
TiLHU stamp for pair on 10days* trial.

 GILBERT MFG. CO, 50 m St., o hester, N. Y.

  The Leonard Sofa Bed.

A uxurlcus Sofa, couch length, instantly convertible Into
a large, soft hair-mattress bed, with receptacle for bedding.
10 styles. Freight prepaid, catalogues free. Returnable if
not satisfactory. Prices, In best 1’antasote. $3s.i»> to $05.00.
Will utwear leather. Patented, manufactured and sold
only by

The Leonard Sofa Bed Co., 410 Erie St., Cleveland, 0,

GRACEFUL

CURVES AND

EASY GRADES

give comfort to a journey via the New
York Central Lines between Chicago, St.
Louis and Cincinnati, and New York and
Boston. No other line approaches the
New York Central in the number, charac*
ter and speed of its trains.

For a copy of “ The Luxury of Modern Railway
Travel,” send a i-cent stamp to George H. Daniels,
General Passenger Agent, Grand Central Station,
New York.

A Postal will bring you a Catalogue.

NEW IDEA

IN TRUNKS
ADVERTISEMENTS

xiii

Four Times a Week

 Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays, 8:00 p.m., from Chicago,
 beginning November 7.

California Limited

   Finest Train

West of Chicago

66 Hours to Los Angeles

Pullmans, Dining Car,

Buffet-Smoking Car (with Barber Shop),
Observation Car (with Ladies’ Parlor),
Vestibuled and electric-lighted throughout.

    General Passenger Office.	O	r\

The Atchison. Topeka & Santa Fe Railway	Oailta tC KOUte

             CHICAGO.
xiv

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Comptometer.

Adding, Multiplying and Dividing Machine, for Account-
ants and Engineers.

The Northwestern Life Association of Minneapolis, Minneapolis,

 Minn., writes. “It has proven itself to be invaluable and the heretofore
 much to-be-dreaded trial balances are now. with the help of the Compto-
 meter. a mere pastime."

Walworth Manufacturing Company, Boston, writes: "We have
found it entirely satisfactory in every way, it never having been out of
repair We should not wish to dispense with it on any account.”

 R. H. Thompson. Wallootnsac Paper Co., Troy. N. Y., writes - ‘‘Itis
 only a matter of time before »t will be as indispensable in all branches of
 business as the typewriter ”

Felt & Tarrant Mfg. Co.,

Write for Pamphlet. 52 to 56 Illinois Street. CHICAGO. ILL., U. S. A.

^VVISIBLft WRITING

OliveR

TYPEWRITER

is the first and only
writing machine having
a tvpe bar that secures

PERMANENT
ALIGNMENT

     It is made of steel.
The “U” shape of the
type bar with its two ends fasten-
ed to large tool steel axle, pre-
vents its getting out of alignment
and doubles the strength and
durability of the type bar.

              See cut to left.

       Write for Catalogue -p •• and get name o» near-
       est representative. Agents in all leading cities.

     THE OLIVER TYPEWRITER CO..

       Dearborn aud Washington Sts., - CHICAGO.

r

LATEST

INCREASE YOUR SALARY!

Send 15 Cents for 3 Months* Trial
Subscription to

"‘The Book=Keeper”

E. H. BEACH. Editor.

A handsome monthly magazine for
book-keepers, cashiers and business
men. It will teach you book-keeping,
shorthand, penmanship, law, short
cuts, corporation accounting, banking,
business pointers, amusing arithmetic,
lightning calculations, etc.

$7.00 A YEAR.

The Book-Keeper Co. Ltd.

162 Buhl Block, Detroit, Mich.

HALF TONE AND LINE

Music Teachers FNGRAVING

Very Suitable for Holiday Gifts

4 is t lie “ I .n test system to learn to play on the piano
i or organ.” It is simple, can l«- understood by
^ everyone, and has the highest indorsement of our
M home teachers. One whole term will l>e sent to
\ any address 011 receipt of two dollars, postpaid,

W or C. 0 l> Send money by registered letter,

0 postal or express money order.

^	F UNTNER. Raone Wis.	^

  Color Printing a Specialty.
  Samples and Estimates cheer-
  fully furnished.

 THE BOSTON ENGRAVING CO

  Illustrators and Engravers.

   50 Hartford and 113 Purchase Sts,. BOSTON, MASS.
 ff)egl&cki>r

A Monthly Magazine of Original Short Stories.

Copyright, 1KW, by The ShorUtory Publlihlnir Company. All right* roiwvisl.

No. 51.	DECEMBER, 1899.	L71YZ’’

Entered at the Ponl-Ofllcu Bt Boa ton, Man*., u« wrotul-ela** matter.

The Black- Cat is devote.! exclusively to original, unusual, fascinating glories — every
Dumber is complete lit itself. It publishes no serials, translations, borrowings, or stealings.
It pays nothing for the name or reputation of a writer, but the highest price on record for Sto-
ries that are Stories. and It pay* not according to length, but according to strength. To receive
attention, manuscripts must be sent unrolled, fully prepaid, and accompanied by addressed
and stamped envelope for return. All MSS. are received and returned at their writers’ risk.
CAUTION. — The entire contents of The Black Cat are protected bu copurioht, and publish-
ers everywhere are cautioned against reproducing any of the stories, either whtlly or in part.

A Postal Card Tragedy.*

BY E. F. BISHOP.

O	doubt Sir Rowland Hill foresaw much of the
enormous increase of correspondence which his
great penny postage reform was sure to cause,
and he survived to witness a great part of it in
his own country, and indeed even lived to see
the post card, and to know of the introduction
of its American cousin, the postal card, into the United States.

  Hut even his sanguine mind could not have conceived of the
extravagant fashion in which the “postals” were welcomed by
Americans, to whom they doubly recommended themselves by
their convenience and novelty. In the early seventies thousands
were bought and sent by everybody to anybody — about any-
thing. It was an amusement so fascinating and inexpensive that
the young fairly revelled in it.

  George Reade was a member of a junior class in a well-known
boys’school in which the “craze” had an extensive run. The
boys bought them by the pack and showered them upon relatives,
friends and acquaintances, and finally upon entire strangers. The
newspapers told of one ingenious writer who succeeded in having

   •	Copyright, 1899, by The ShortBtory Publishing Company. All rights reserved.

1
2

A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

a card sent round the world and returned to him—a performance
which the postal regulations now forbid — and young Reade’s
schoolmates emulated the achievement, but without success.
Then they began to write absurd messages to creatures of their
imagination. No replies were expected qr received, but the boyB
delighted in showing each other these foolish productions and
chuckling over imaginary annoyances of rural postmasters in re-
mote regions in endeavoring to find claimants for u postals ’* that
never would be called for.

  The specialty which George Iieade had determined to master
was mineralogy, with a view to ultimate mining, and of course,
an eventual fortune. The waste places on the maps in his atlas —
those marked “ unknown ” and “ unexplored ” — had for him an es-
pecial attraction, and any large district in the great West where
few towns were marked his fancy readily filled with auriferous
ledges, inother-lodes and El Dorado pockets. Maps of northwest-
ern States he found particularly interesting, so much of them was
blank in those days, save for a few devious streams and a host of
little lakes, mostly unnamed. In the northern half of one State
there was scarcely a post-office indicated. This was before Reade
had heard of “star routes,” but he had just familiarized himself
with the postal card, and felt that here would be a grand way to
stimulate the postal service and call the attention of the authori-
ties to the needs of a slighted section, for he was convinced that
there must be some inhabitants in such a great stretch of country.

  Accordingly, he determined to bring to the attention of the
Post-office Department the lack of facilities in this neglected re-
gion. Directly in the centre of the emptiest portion of the map
he found a long, narrow, winding lake, named u Vermilion.” No
settlement appeared anywhere within scores of miles, but of course
there ought to be a settlement — with a post-office — in such an
eligible site, and naturally it should take its name from the lake.
So Reade sat down and carefully addressed a postal as follows:

JOHN W. WATSON,        
 Vermilion Lake,       
Sheridan County,       
   Minnesota, U. 5. A. 

A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

3

  Why lie wrote Watson at all —much less John W. — lie did not
know then and does not know now. He never knew personally a
Watson, and never has, to this day. But telepathy antedates
wireless telegraphy, However, Reade was seeking for no expla-
nation, occult or otherwise, of this choice of a name, but was in-
tent only at the time on the composition of his missive to the un-
known Watson, which finally took this form:

Tilton Hall, Albany, N. Y., June 5, 1874.

My Dear Watson:

   Don’t forget your promise to find a good vein for me. I shall reach your place iu the
spring of ’84, with tools, powder and provisions. Have boats ready for me.

Your true friend,	GEORGE A. READE.

  Young Reade’s mind was full of mines and mining, and, know-
ing nothing to the contrary, he assumed all the rocks in the region
selected to be metalliferous. So he gloated over the puzzle which
he supposed this absurd card would afford to numerous postal
clerks and postmasters, not imagining that they would read noth-
ing but the addressed side. He was educated, of course, above
the grade of those who address acquaintance and stranger alike as

  friend,” and he could not have told why he employed that form,
unless it were an unconscious assumption of the inferior social
rank of his mythical correspondent. However, Reade dropped his
card, the last of the kind he ever wrote, in the nearest mail box,
and soon forgot all about it.

  In 1877 he had completed his course in this preparatory school
and entered a scientific institution, from which he was graduated
in due course as a mining engineer. The first position he ob-
tained was not a particularly promising one, but lie was soon sent
West on a fair salary, and now fully embarked on a career in
which practice speedily displaced theory, he was here, there and
everywhere among Western mining camps.

  In June, 1884, George Reade arrived in Denver, and found
there awaiting him a quantity of mail matter, including a letter
from his mother, enclosing a postal card addressed to him at
Albany, forwarded by the principal of his old preparatory school.
It read:

vermilion lake may 25 1884

dear george

   thelce is gone out of the lake some time why aint you come yet I have everythinn all-
ready. Come quick bring powder and grub plees hurry up

             your Friend	J W WATSON
4

A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

  Reade was mystified. He read the card twice, looked at the
address again, saw that it surely was directed to him, and finally
threw it into the waste basket, being unable to decide whether it
was sirapjy a mistake or a joke.

  Two or three weeks later his mother enclosed him a second pos-
tal card in the same hand sis the first. It said :

   for gods sake come boou If you dout some of these fellers may Jump It and I am stone
broke. I tell you the show is a good one aud nobody is on to it but me

                      your friend	JOHN

  u Well,” thought Reade, “this is odd” In vain he cudgelled
his memory. He knew no one of the name of Watson, had no
familiar “friend” John, and had made no agreement to go any-
where, with anybody. So he threw his second card away.

  Ten days later came a third card, enclosed in an enquiry from
Reade’s mother as to what it all meant. The third card ran as
follows:

   if you dout come why dont you rite be you sick I tell you this wont keep much longer
and the winter comes early here

  This was too much for Reade. The distress of the writer
seemed so genuine that he couldn’t help feeling sorry for him, and
yet he disliked veiy much being troubled with the lamentations of
this unknown Jeremiah. “ Where is Vermilion Lake, anyhow?”
he wondered, as with cross words he tore up the puzzling commu-
nication.

  By this time midsummer had arrived, and George went East on
a vacation, well pleased with his Western successes, and eager to
talk again with family and friends. Among the latter were two
or three schoolmates, and they recalled old times with almost boy-
ish interest. As he lit his pipe one evening one of them suddenly
exclaimed:

  “ Do you remember our postal card craze ? 1 believe 1 wrote
cards to Bismarck and the Kin# of Siam. What a funny freak
it was! ”

  “ Yes,” replied George, “ it seemed so ridiculously cheap in
those days to send the equivalent of a letter — stamp, stationery
and all — for a single cent. But I remember I always wrote my
bogus epistles in the innocent supposition that they would be
eagerly read by every postal employee who handled them. What
kids we were ! n
A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

5

  But when his friends had gone Reade’s mind continued to
dwell on this particular phase of boyhood’s freaks, and in think-
ing of postal cards he could not dismiss from recollection his
mysterious correspondent, Watson, and the desire to know the
location of Vermilion Lake grew upon him. Taking down a
Gazetteer, he found that there were a number of Vermilion Lakes
but that he had never been near any of them. Obviously, he
thought, he was not the Reade wanted by somebody somewhere,
and so he shut the book and went to bed.

  The next morning one of George’s sisters brought in the mail.
It contained still another card from “ Watson,” directed this time
to his home and not, as the previous ones had been, to the school.
The writer said:

   why didnb you write me you had moved, mebbe you dldut get my other letters I am
getting pretty low in grub so hnrry up the boys all think I am crazey writing for you to
come be quick and fetch lots of grub i have the vein alright.

                         your friend	.T W WATSON

  Reade’s puzzle was renewed. He could make nothing of it.
He had seen from the first that his correspondent was uneducated,
but now when I19 studied the shaky writing it occurred to him
that its sinuosities might be the result of the tremor of age. He
regretted that he had not answered one of the previous cards,
addressing it at random to Vermilion Lake, as a line would suffice
to inform Watson that his communications were going to the
wrong Reade. He resolved to write that very day, but forgot it
altogether in some diversions planned by his sisters, and the mat-
ter did not surmount the threshold of consciousness again till he
had returned to the West and the mail from home brought him a
reminder in this shape:

   for gods sake what is the matter why dont you come i am starving and you promised
yon would come last spring sure if you dont come soon it will be to late I cant hang on
alone much longer minnesoty winters begin early

  Here was a practical hint which Reade now lost 110 time in fol-
lowing up. Ho wrote at once to Vermilion Lake, Minnesota —
not on a postal card — informing Watson that he had received a
number of cards from him evidently intended for some other
Reade, and regretting that he had not been able to notify him
sooner. This salved his conscience, and he supposed he had
6

A POSTAL CAKL» TRAGEDY.

heard the last of his unknown correspondent. But not long after-
ward he received the following:

dear gorge

   not much I aint made no mUtake didnt you rite me in '74 you would be here iu the
spring of I have waited to long now winter is not far off bring nix month* grub i am
half ded.	your Frend

                                       J W WATSON

  This was really astounding, and Reade could not get the matter
out of his head, day or night. Who could this mysterious Wat-
son be, and why was he afflicted with his disappointments? Pro-
curing a Postal Guide, George found that there actually was a
Vermilion Lake, Minnesota, and going to a map he looked up its
exact location. While doing so his mind half-consciously reverted
to his recent conversation with his schoolmates and traveled back
to the days they had recalled, and in a flash, the resurrection of a
long dormant memory, came a recollection of that last boyish
postal card, written to some imaginary person ten years before,
and he realized that he was the right George A. Reade, to whom
all those puzzling cards had been written! What an absurd,
thoughtless prank it had l>een, and now it had resulted in causing
trouble, and apparently actual suffering, to a fellow-being of
whose very existence he had been ignorant when he first wrote.

  Full of contrition, lie now wrote, explaining at length the
circumstances under which the first card was written by a mere
boy, expressing deep regret, and enquiring what he could do to
make amends and especially why Watson seemed so eager to see
him.

  He was now deeply interested, and awaited with impatience a
reply. From Watson’s previous importunity he had expected
promptness in this instance, but instead there was a long interval
of silence. Then there came a rather official-looking document,
bearing very distinctly the Vermilion Lake post-office stamp. It
proved to lie from the postmaster himself, and stilted that John
W. Watson had died there, after an illness of several weeks, leav-
ing all his property to George A. Reade, but that all his visible
effects consisted of an old rifle, a canoe and some papers whose
contents were unknown. Enough had been realized from the sale
of these few assets to defray funeral expenses, with the exception
of a balance of $4.50. Would Mr. Reade please remit that
A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

7

amount ? Watson, the writer stated, had always spoken of
Ileade as the only friend he had in the world, and was always
expecting a visit from him. The postmaster added that he feared
the old man had really starved to death, having all summer,
though too old to hunt or fish much, refused several offers of
assistance, saying that his friend Reade was coming soon and
would see him through.

  George Reade dropped his work, and took the first train to a
point where he could catch a stage for Vermilion Lake. Forty
mile of rough riding took him to a collection of twenty or thirty
log shanties, where the storekeeper’s sign directed him to the post-
oftice. A short, stout man came forward when that official was
asked for, and to him Reade told his errand, and asked about
Watson.

  “ We-1-1,” said he, “ John was a pecooliar cuss. Never knowed
him, you say? He was mortal fond of you — never stopped talk-
in’ 'bout you these last ten years. He had‘a camp up the lake
here, ’bout nine miles, and would mostly paddle down Saturday
nights and set here talkin’ ’bout you. Couldn’t talk ’bout nothin’
else, I guess. Said you was the only friend he ever had. He’d
no family —said they was all dead — and that no man ever called
him a friend but you; that is, outside of some of us fellers, but
guess we didn’t count. He wanted to see you pretty bad ever
sence last May—used to expect you every week, almost. Finally,
’bout last June, he came down here and stayed till he died. Said
you was due every day, and used to write you postal cards. Said
they was the best thing this government ever did — showed they
thought of the poor man sometimes.

  “ We-1-1, toward the last he slept here, when he didn’t sleep out,
and he got lower and lower. Made me swear I would keep some
papers he had and give ’em to you when you did come. Here
they are. He had a hard time writin’ ’em. He got pretty thin,
and petered out after that. I sold his outfit, but kept them
papers. No good, I suppose ? Some of the l>oys thought he was
sort of off in his head, but lie wasn’t — just queer. Yes, thank
you, $4.50, that's right. He said you'd make up anythin’short.
Wasn’t any relation, you say ? ”

  “ No,” answered Reade, “just a friend.”
8

A POSTAL CARD TRAGEDY.

  The “ papers ” consisted of a few sheets of white wrapping
paper, such as storekeepers use, laboriously covered with pencil
writing, in a large, cramped hand. The one of greatest immediate
interest to Reade was as follows:

Dear george

   I cant last any longer you oughter came in the spring you was the only friend i ever
had I kept yure card and waited & mebbe 1 waited to long the iron is there <fc you can
find it all ri|?ht by following up back of my place to the bijf pine with the X blaze then
go N E about 100 rod to a big rock covered with moss you cant miss it. then go East 20
rod to a bull pine then N to where the ledge crops out and foUer it este to the big birch
it aint fur off about 50 feat you wil find it shure Put in a blast or too i was on my last
legs i knew the stuff waB there but I had no money and grub is high all my Famly is ded
it is all youru you was the only friend I had on crth that is exept the boys who said i
was crazy Why didnt you come in the Bpring i rote you six times I hope you aint sick
as 1 am and the grub give out	Your frend

                                        J W WATSON

  Beneath this farewell letter were papers fully establishing
Watson’s homestead and mineral claims, and last of all was the
postal card which Reade had written him when a boy. His eyes
were moist and his lif> trembled when he laid aside the packet.

  Have you seen the Watson Hospital, on a high, breezy bluff,
overlooking the dancing waters of Lake Superior? Yes, it cost a
large sum. George A. Reade paid the bills, but he says he did it
with John W. Watson’s money. Perhaps you also noticed the
Old Miners’ Home, near by? That was paid for, too, with
Watson’s money, or, at least, with the proceeds of the iron ore
he found and guarded so faithfully. Reade declares he only
worked the vein when it was too late to do Watson any good.

  Reade’s eldest boy is named Watson — John Watson Reade.
They call him Watson for short. But George A. Reade will not
tolerate a postal card, in his home, at his office, or about his busi-
ness in any way, and it gives him a heartache when he sees one.
The Gratitude of Mrs* Hatch.*

BY C5. B. DUNHAM.

EN MORRISON, the big bluffer of the sheriff’s
office, with his understudy, the junior deputy,
was sent out into the country, a matter of fifty
miles or so, to make an arrest on an indictment
for rustling cattle. He brought in his man
alive, but unconscious, pretty well bruised, and
with a dent in his occiput about the size and shape of the butt of
the deputy’s revolver.

   Now, the sheriff’s office had been down on its luck all summer,
and it was of a piece with the rest that the Grand Jury, just then
in annual session, instead of commending the success of Morrison,
should listen instead to the prosecuting attorney and to a witness
whom he hurried in from the back country, and find a true bill
against Benjamin Morrison and William Judd, “that they did,
upon the said 25th day of August, assault with intent to kill one
Job Hatch, contrary to the law in such cases made and provided,
and against the peace and dignity of the Commonwealth aforesaid.”
The sole remaining deputy turned the key upon his associates, and
for a time the sheriff’s office was wofully short-handed, for the
chief said, M If the public rather pay my men for keeping the jail
full in that way, it’s all the same to me, and less trouble, but I’ll
not appoint another man.”

  The incarcerated deputies were indignant, but not alarmed.
They had, on their return, given a straightforward account of the
circumstances attending the injury to Hatch, which statement
they repeated without deviation at the trial. The sheriff said the
thing was a dirty political trick of the county attorney. The
attorney said he was sure of securing a conviction, and the prose-
cuting witness, pending the trial, said nothing. There were no
dilatory motions from either side — in fact both urged a speedy

    % Copyright, 1899, by The Shortstory Publishing Company. All rights reserved.
10

THE GRATITUDE OF MRS. HATCH.

trial — and the case came up within ten days after the indictment.
During this interval the condition of the unfortunate man at the
hospital was unchanged. He lay unconscious and without speech.
His wife never left him but when she went before the jury, and
her name appeared upon the indictment as prosecuting witness.

  Morrison and Judd scarcely recognized the gravity of their
situation until they were brought into court upon the day of trial.
That it was to l>e no perfunctory prosecution was evidenced by
the attendance of an eminent attorney, ** imported,” as the defence
phrased it, u to hamstring the jury.”

  The jury being finally secured by the usual practice of care-
fully excluding everybody who knew' anything about the case, I
found myself one of the twelve men duly sworn to hear the
evidence and true judgment give between the people and the
prisoners at the bar. Then the visiting lawyer with the keen eye
and the soft voice, whose habit it was to work jurors as the potter
works his clay, gave us his opening statement.

  “Gentlemen,” he said, “ I should not be in this case at all but
for a woman's tears. A great wrong has l)een done. You cannot
right it — no one can. What you can do, and what we expect
you to do, is to punish the wrong-doers. We shall prove to you
that the officers went to the house of this poor man, sought a
quarrel with him, beat him unmercifully and brought him down
here to die. We shall prove this by his wife, who saw it, whose
presence did not deter these ruffians, whose tears at length pre-
vailed on me to prosecute this suit.”

  Replying to this opening, the defence said to the jury: “In a
neighboring city a big brick block, some twelve stories high, bears
the name of the opposing counsel. It was not built with womans
teai*s. The twenty farms he owns were never bought with tears.
He works for cash only, and in advance, and in this instance the
cash comes from the cofFers of a political committee. We shall
show that the unfortunate man was hurt by an accident resulting
from his own bad temper, and to which the defendants Avere not in
any manner contributory.”

  After the evidence of the attending surgeon, who declined to
swear that the blow was or was not struck with a revolver, Mrs.
Hatch was put 011 the stand. Her story was this: Only one man
'fhe (Latitude op mrs. hatci*.	li

came to her house — Morrison. Mu found Hatch at home, and,
without showing his papers or stating his business, interfered with
the ranchman’s treatment of a vicious cow. Hatch was unarmed
and no physical match for Morrison. After some altercation he
ran toward the house; Morrison overtook him and felled him with
a blow on the back of the head.

  Upon cross-examination Mrs. Hatch contradicted herself in some
minor matters and broke down. Hut she was solid its a rock on
the main fact — that her husband was struck down by the officer.
Throughout her testimony Morrison gave the closest attention,
and, if I could read the expression on his face, it was one of doubt
and surprise. He looked not like a man hearing the faithful
account of his own misdeed, but as if he were hearing a shocking
story for the first time. I made a mental note in Morrison’s favor,
but later, when he himself testified, I nibbed it out and went over
to the woman’s side.

  The court will always caution jurors against coming to a con-
clusion before the evidence is in. But in this case I came to
several, all of them erroneous, in the course of the trial.

  The testimony of Morrison and Judd was as different as possible
from that of Mrs. Hatch. According to their statement, which
the ingenuity of opposing counsel tried in vain to break or shake,
they had not reached Hatch’s house when they met him in the
road. In a country where every man knows and values a good
horse they had at once noticed the line mount of Hatch, and had
engaged him in a conversation which ultima ted in a horse race,
with twenty dollars up, between Hatch and Judd.

  u I’ll give you a good beating,” shouted Hatch, as Morrison
started them down a strip of level highway. Hut his line-looking
horse was just a bit too fat to go up against Judd’s wiry bronco,
and he was beaten by a short length. Seeing which, Hatch hit his
horse upon the head with the quirt, causing him to rear and fall
upon his rider.

  That was the whole story the men had to tell — succinct, com-
plete, but not convincing. Over and over, on cross-examination
it was repeated by both men like a well learned lesson. Looking
and listening I make up my mind that this evidence was false;
m/o, the woman’s was true.
12

THE GRATITUDE OF MRS. HATCH.

  After the arguments of counsel and the verbal fireworks of the
imported lawyer, who never made arguments, but always and
everywhere stump-speeches, the learned judge charged us at great
length to find the defendants guilty if they were guilty, and not
guilty it they were innocent, and we were locked up.

  In the jury room Judd, of course, was acquitted on the first bal-
lot. The feeling was strong, but not unanimous, against Morrison,
lie had a friend or two who were stout in his defence. They
urged that Morrison might kill a man 011 occasion — had done so
perhaps —• but never from behind.

  There was much argument and 110 agreement until, late in the
evening, contrary to every rule of law and in contempt of court,
some new evidence was submitted to the jury. It came in the
form of a note to me from my friend the doctor, shoved under the
door of the jury room behind the bailiff’s back. It read as follows:

   Gborgb: — At noon to-day Dr. Marston and myself operated on Job Hatch. It waa
only one chance In a hundred that the man would stand it, but as he could not possibly
recover without it, we took that chance, and lost. He died within an hour. After
trepanning he spoke a number of words indicating excitement. The only counected
sentence was, “ I’ll give you a good beating." I thought yon ought to know.

                                                                      Will.

  Those were exactly the words testified as used by Hatch at the
alleged horse-race, and the note, thrown into the scale of conflict-
ing opinion in the jury, turned the balance in favor of Morrison,
and he also was acquitted.

  In another part of the West, years later, 1 made a long wagon
journey with Morrison. I came to know his brave nature well,
and proved his worth on many occasions. One night, under the
summer stars, when the camp-iires burned low, I said to him with-
out prelude,

  44 Ben, who killed Job Hatch ?”

  After a silence, 41 His wife.”

  44 Are you sure ? ”

  441 saw it. I went out there to arrest him and he was beating
his wife. As I rode up she grabbed the gun from his holster and
hit him. It was a chance blow, but the woman was frenzied and
it felled him like an ox. He got about what he deserved and I
THE GRATITUDE OF MRS. HATCH.

13

told the woman that I’d see her through. Of course* any jury
would have cleared her on the facts, but she had been a girl well
connected and said she’d rather die than have her people know.

So I did what I did.”

  “ But,” I cried, “ what was the occasion for her bad faith ?
Why did she try to fasten the deed on you ? ”

  After another pause and the lighting of another pipe Ben
replied slowly: “I don't know. I have tried to follow a good
many trails into a woman’s mind, but they are always blind trails.
They lead nowhere. My guess is that she tried to do me up
because I went there to arrest her husband for a thief. No sooner
was he gone than she began to idealize him, and she was as fierce
against mo in his defence as she had been against him in her own.
That’s my guess, but all I absolutely know is that she seemed very
grateful to me for my promise to shield her. And two days after
I got the worst jolt of my life when I was locked up to answer her
charges.”

  “You must have known before the trial came on,” said I,

“ what the woman meant to testify. Why not then have given •
the court the facts ? Why did you stand by her in spite of her-
self?”

  No answer.

  I wanted to get from him an avowal that he thought he had
done a brave and generous thing.

  “ Supposing you had been convicted on her testimony?” I per-
sisted.

  But Morrison only said quietly, “Then you would be making
this journey alone.”
Ely's Automatic Housemaid.*

BY ELIZABETH W. BELLAMY.

N order for a man to have faith in such an inven-
tion, he would have to know Ilarrison Ely.
For Ilarrison Ely was a genius. I had known
him in college, a man amazingly dull in Latin
and Greek and even in English, but with ideas
of his own that could not be expressed in
language. 11 is bent was purely mechanical, and found expression
in innumerable ingenious contrivances to facilitate the study to
which he had 110 inclination. His self-acting lexicon-bolder w'as a
matter of admiring wonder to his classmates, but it did not serve
„ to increase the tenacity of his mental grasp upon the contents of
the volume, and so did little to recommend him to the faculty.
And his self-feediug safety student-lamp admirably illuminated
everything for him save the true and only path to an honorable
degree.

     It had been years since I had seen him or thought of him, but
   the memory is tenacious of small things, and the big yellow enve-
   lope which I found one morning awaiting me upon my breakfast-
   table brought his eccentric personality back to me with a rush.
   It was addressed to me in the Archimedean script always so
   characteristic of him, combining, as it seemed to do, the principles
   of the screw and of the inclined plane, and in its superscription
   Harrison Ely stood unmistakably revealed.

      It was the first morning of a new cook, the latest potentate of
   a dynasty of ten who had briefly ruled in turn over our kitchen
   and ourselves during the preceding three months, and succes-
   sively abdicated in favor of one another under the compelling in-
   fluences of popular clamor, and in the face of such apolitical crisis
   my classmate’s letter failed to receive immediate attention. Un-
   fortunately but not unexpectedly the latest occupant of our

        •	Copyright, 1839, by The Shortatory Publishing Company. All righta roecrved.

14
ELY’S AUTOMATIC HOUSEMAID.

culinary throne began her reign with no conspicuous reforms, and
we received in gloomy silence her preliminary enactments in the
way of greasy omelette and turbid and flavorless coffee, the yellow
screed of Harrison Ely looking on the while with bilious sympathy
as it leaned unopened against the water-bottle beside me.

  As I drained the last medicinal drop of coffee my eye fell upon
it, and needing a vicarious outlet for my feelings toward the cook,
I seized it and tore it viciously open. It contained a letter from
my classmate and half a dozen printed circulars. I spread open
the former, and my eye fastened at once upon this sympathetic
exordium:

  “ Doubtless, my dear friend, you have known what discomfort
it is to be at the mercy of incompetent domestics — ”

  But my attention was distracted at this point by one of the
circulars, which displayed an array of startling, cheering, alluring
words, followed by plentiful exclamation points, that, like a bunch
of keys, opened to my enraptured vision the gates of a terrestrial
Paradise, where Bridgets should be no more, and where ill-cooked
meals should become a mechanical impossibility. The boon we
had been sighing for now presented itself for my acceptance, an
accomplished fact. Harrison Ely had invented “ An Automatic
Household Beneficent Genius. — A Practical Realization of the
Fabled Familiar of the Middle Ages.” So the circular set forth.

  Returning to the letter, I read that Harrison Ely, having ex-
hausted his means in working out his invention, was unable to
manufacture his “machine” in quantity as yet; but that he had
just two on hand which he would sell in order to raise some ready
money. He hoped that I would buy one of his automatons, and aid
him to sell the other.

  Never did a request come at a more propitious moment. I had.
always entertained a kindness for Harrison Ely, and now such
was my disgust at the incompetence of Bridget and Juliana
and their predecessors that I was eager to stake the price of a
“ Household Beneficent Genius ” on the success of my friend’s
invention.

  So, having grasped the purport of the circulars and letter, I
broke forth to my wife:

  “ My dear, you’ve heard me speak of Harrison Ely — ”
16

ely’s automatic housemaid.

  “ That man who is always so near doing something great, and
never has done anything?” said she.

  “lie has done it at last!” I declared. “Harrison Ely is one of
the greatest geniuses the world has ever seen. He has invented
an ‘ Automatic-Electric Machine-Servant.’ ”

  My wife said, 44 Oh! ”

  There was not an atom of enthusiasm in that .“ Oh! ” hut I was
not to be daunted.

  44 I am ready,” I resumed, 44 to invest my bottom dollar in two
of Harrison Ely’s machine-servants.”

  Her eyes were fixed upon me as if they would read my very
soul. 44 What do they cost? ” she mildly asked.

  “ In comparison with the benefits to be derived, little enough.
Listen ! ” I seized a circular at random, and began to read :

  44 The Automatic Household Genius, a veritable Domestic
Fairy, swift, silent, sure ; a Permanent, Inalienable, First-class
Servant, warranted to give Satisfaction.”

  44 Ah! ” said my wife; and the enthusiasm that was lacking in
the 44 Oh ! ” made itself eloquent in that 44 Ah ! ” 44 What is the
price?” she asked again.

  44 The price is all right, and we are going to try the experiment.”
  44 Are we though?” said she, between doubt and desire.

  44 Most assuredly; it will be a saving in the end. I shall write
to Harrison Ely this very night.”

  The return mail brought me a reply stating that two Electric-
Automatic Household Beneficent Geniuses had been shipped me
by express. The letter enclosed a pamphlet that gave a more
particular account of the E. A. H. B. G. than the circulars con-
tained. My friend’s invention was shaped in the likeness of the
human figure, with body, head, arms, legs, hands and feet. It was
clad in waterproof cloth, with a hood of the same to protect the
head, and was shod with felt. The trunk contained the wheels
and springs, and in the head was fixed the electric battery. The
face, of bisque, was described as possessing 44 a very natural and
pleasing expression.”

  Just at dusk an oblong box arrived by express and was duly
delivered in our hall, but atni}' wife’s urgent entreaty I consented
not to unpack the machines until next day.
kly’s automatic housemaid.

17

  “ If we should not get the knack of managing them, they might
give us trouble,” said this wise wife of mine.

  I agreed to this, and having sent away Bridget with a week’s
wages, to the satisfaction of all parties, we went to bed in high
hopes.

  Early next morning we were astir.

  w My dear,” I said, “do not give yourself the least concern about
breakfast; I am determined that Harrison’s invention shall have
fair play.”

  “Very well,” my wife assented; but she prudently administered
bread and butter to her offspring.

  I opened the oblong box, where lay the automatons side by side,
their hands placidly folded upon their waterproof breasts, and
their eyes looking placidly expectant from under their waterproof
hoods.

  I confess the sight gave me a shock. Anna Maria turned pale;
the children hid their faces in her skirts.

  “ Once out of the box,” I said to myself, “ and the horror will
be over.”

  The machines stood on their feet admirably, but the horror
was not materially lessened by this change of position. However,
I assumed a bold front, and said, jocosely:

  “Now, which is Bridget, and which is Juliana — which the
cook, and which the housemaid?”

  This distinction was made clear by dial-plates and indicators,
set conspicuously between the shoulders, an opening being cut in
the waterproof for that purpose. The housemaid’s dial-plate was
stamped around the circumference with the words: Bed, Broom,
Duster, Door-bell, Dining-room Service, Parlor Service, etc. In
like manner, the cook’s dial-plate bore the words that pertained to
her department. I gave myself first to “setting” the housemaid,
as being the simpler of the two.

  “ Now, my dear,” said I, confidently, “ we shall see how this
Juliana can make the beds.”

  I proceeded, according to the pamphlet’s directions, to point the
indicator to the word “ Bed.” Next, as there were three beds to
be made, I pushed in three of the five little red points surround-
ing the word. Then I set the “clock ” connected with the indica-
18

ELY’S AUTOMATIC HOUSEMAID.

tor, for a thirty minutes’ job, thinking it might take about ten
minutes to a bed. I did not consult my wife, for women do not
understand machinery, and any suggestion of hesitancy on my
part would have demoralized her.

  The last thing to be done was to connect the indicator with the
battery, a simple enough performance in itself, but the pamphlet
of directions gave a repeated and red-lettered “ caution,” never
to interfere with the machine while it was at work! I therefore
issued the command, “ Non-combatants to the rear! ” and was
promptly obeyed.

  What happened next I do not pretend to account for. By what
subtle and mysterious action of electricity, by what unerring
affinity, working through a marvellous mechanism, that Electric-
Automatic Household Beneficent Genius, whom — or which, for
short — we called Juliana, sought its appropriate task, is the in-
ventor’s secret. I don’t undertake to explain, I merely narrate.
With a “click” the connection was made, and the new Juliana
went up-gtairs at a brisk and business-like pace.

  We followed in breathless amazement. In less than five minutes,
bed number one was made, and in a twinkling the second was
taken in hand, and number three also was fairly accomplished,
long before the allotted thirty minutes had expired. By this time,
familiarity had somewhat dulled that awe and wonder with which
we had gaped upon the first performance, and I beheld a smile of
hopeful satisfaction on my wife’s anxious countenance.

  Our youngest, a boy aged three, was quick to feel the genial
influence of this smile, and encouraged thereby, he bounced into
the middle of the first bed. Hardly had he alighted there, when
our automaton, having finished making the third bed, returned to
her first job, and, before we could imagine mischief, the mattresses
were jerked about, and the child was tumbled, headforemost on
the floor!

  Had the flesh-and-blood Juliana been guilty of such an act, she
should have been dismissed on the spot; but, as it was, no one of
us ventured so much as a remonstrance. My wife lifted the
screaming child, and the imperturbable machine went on to re-
adjust the bed with mechanical exactitude.

  At this point a wild shout of mingled exultation, amazement and
KI.y’s AUTOMATIC HOUSEMAID.

19

terror arose from below, and we hastened downstairs to find our
son John hugging his elbows and capering frantically in front of
the kitehen-door, where the electric cook was stirring empty noth-
ing in a pan, with a zeal worthy a dozen eggs.

  My eldest hopeful, impelled by that spirit of enterprise and
audacity characteristic of nine-year-old boys, had ventured to ex-
periment with the kitchen automaton, .and by sheer accident had
effected a working connection between the battery and the indica-
tor, and the machine, in “going off,” had given the boy a blow
that made him feel, as he expressed it, “ like a funny-bone all
over.”

  “And served you right!” cried I. The thing was set for an
hour and a half of work, according to the showing of the dial-
plate, and no chance to stop it before I must leave for my ofliee.
Had the materials been supplied, we might have had breakfast;
but, remembering the red-lettered “caution,” we dared not
supply materials while that indefatigable spoon was gyrating in
the empty pan. For my distraction, Kitty, my daughter of seven
years, now called to me from up-stairs:

   “ Papa, you better come, quick ! It's a-tearin’ up these beds! ”

   “ My dear,” I sighed, “ there’s no way to stop it. We'll have to
wait for the works to run down. I must call Harrison’s attention
to this defect He ought to provide some sort of brake.”

  We went up-stairs again. The B. G. Juliana stood beside the
bed which she had just torn up for the sixth or seventh time, when
suddenly she became, so to speak, paralyzed; her arms, in the act
of spreading the sheets, dropped by her sides, her back stiffened,
and she stood absolutely motionless, leaving her job unfinished —
the B. G. would move no more until duly “set ” again.

  I now discovered that I was hungr}r. “If that Fiend in the
kitchen were only at work about something auljstantial, instead of
whipping the air into imaginary omelettes 1 ” I groaned.

  “ Never mind,” said my wife; “ Pve a pot of coffee 011 the
kerosene stove.”

  Bless her! She was worth a thousand Beneficent Geniuses, and
so I told her.

  I did not return until late, but I was in good spirits, and I
greeted my wife gayly :
20

ely’s automatic housemaid.

  “ Well, how do they work?”

  “ Like fiends ! ” my usually placid helpmeet replied, so vehem-
ently that I was alarmed. “ They flagged at first,” she proceeded,
excitedly, “and I oiled them, which I am not going to do, ever
again. According to the directions, I poured the oil down their
throats. It was horrible ! They seemed to me to drink it greedily.”

  “ Nonsense! That’s your imagination.”

  “Very well,” said Anna Maria. “You can do the oiling in
future. They took a good deal this morning; it wasn’t easy to
stop pouring it down. And they w'orked— obstreperously. That
Fiend in the kitchen has cooked all the provisions I am going to
supply this day, but still she goes on, and it’s no use to say a word.”

  “ Don’t be absurd,” I remonstrated. “ The thing is only a
machine.”

  “ I’m not so sure about that! ” she retorted. “ As for the other
one— I set it sweeping, and it is sweeping still! ”

  We ate the dinner prepared by the kitchen Fiend, and really, I
was tempted to compliment the cook in a set speech, but recollected
myself in time to spare Anna Maria the triumph of saying, “ I told
you so! ”

  Now, that John of mine, still in pursuit of knowledge, had
spent the day studyiug Harrison Ely’s pamphlet, and he learned
that the machines could be set, like an alarm-clock, for any given
hour. Therefore, as soon as the Juliana had collapsed over a pile
of dust in the middle of the hall, John, unknown to us, set her
indicator to the broom-haudle for seven o’clock the following
morning. When the Fiend in the kitchen ran down, leaving
everything in confusion, my much-tried wife persuaded me to
give my exclusive attention to that machine, and the Juliana was
put safely in a corner. Thus it happened that John’s interference
escaped detection. I set Bridget’s indicator for kitchen-cleaning
at seven-thirty the next morning.

  “When we understand them better,” I said to my wife, “we
will set their morning tasks for an earlier hour, but we won’t put
it too early now, since we must first learn their ways.”

  “ That’s the trouble with all new servants,” said Anna Maria.

  The next morning at seven-thirty, precisely, we were awak-
ened by a commotion in the kitchen.
ELY’S AUTOMATIC HOUSEMAID.

21

  “By George Washington!” I exclaimed. “The Thing’s on
time I ”

  I needed no urging to make me forsake my pillow, but Anna
Maria was ahead of me.

  “ Now, my dear, don't get excited/’ I exhorted, but in vain.
“Don’t you hear?” she whispered, in terror. “ The other
one !—swe — eep — ing I ” And she darted from the room.

   I paused to listen, and heard the patter of three pairs of little bare
feet across the hall up-stairs. The children were following their
mothor. The next sound I heard was like the dragging of a rug
along the floor. I recognized this peculiar sound as the footsteps
of the B. G. Then came a dull thud, mingled with a shout from
Johnnie, a scream from my wife, and the terrified cries of the two
younger children. I rushed out just in time to see John, in his
night-clothes, with his hair on end, tear down-stai],s like a streak of
lightning. My little Kitty and the three-year-old baby stood
clasped in each other’s arms at the head of the stairs, sobbing in
terror, and, half-way down, was my wife, leaning over the railing,
with ashen face and rigid body, her fascinated gaze fixed upon a
dark and struggling mass in the hall below.

  John, when he reached the bottom of the stairs, began capering
like a goat gone mad, digging tho floor with his bare heels, clap-
ping his hands with an awful glee, and shouting:

  “ Bet your bottom dollar on the one that whips 199
The Juliana and the Bridget were fighting for the broom I
I comprehended the situation intuitively. The kitchen-clean-
ing, for which the Fiend had been “ set,” had reached a point that
demanded the broom, and that subtle, attractive affinity, which my
friend’s genius had known how to produce, but had not learned to
regulate, impelled the unerring automaton towards the only broom
in the house, which was now in the hands of its fellow-automaton,
and a struggle was inevitable. What I could not understand —
Johnnie having kept his own counsel — was this uncontrollable
sweeping impulse that possessed the Juliana.

  However, this was no time for investigating the exact cause of
the terrific row now going on in our front hall. The Beneficent
Geniuses had each a firm grip of the broom-handle, and they
might have performed the sweeping very amicably together, could
22

ely’b automatic housemaid.

they but have agreed as to the field of labor, but their conflicting
tendencies on this point brought about a rotary motion that sent
them spinning around the hall, and kept them alternately cracking
each other s head with a violence that ought to have drawn blood.
Considering their life-likeness, we should hardly have thought it
strange if blood had flowed, and it would have been a relief had
the combatants but called each other names, so much did their
dumbness intensify the horror of a struggle, in the midst of which
the waterproof hoods fell off, revealing their startlingly human
countenances, not distorted by angry passions, but resolute, inex-
orable, calm, as though each was sustained in the contest by a
lofty sense of duty.

  “They’re alive! Kill ’em I Kill ’em, quick!” shrieked my
wife, as the gyrating couple moved towards the stair-case.

  “Let’em alone,” said Johnnie—his sporting blood, which he
inherits from his father, thoroughly roused — dancing about the
automatic pugilists in delight, and alternately encouraging the
one or the other to increased efforts.

  Thus the fight went on with appalling energy and reckless
courage on both sides, my wife wringing her hands upon the stair-
case, our infants wailing in terror upon the landing above, and I
wavering between an honest desire to see fair play and an appre-
hensive dread of consequences which was not unjustified.

  In one of their frantic gyrations the figures struck the hat-rack
and promptly converted it into a mass of splinters. In a minute
more they became involved with a rubber plant. — the pride of my
wife’s heart — and distributed it impartially all over the premises.
From this they caromed against the front door, wrecking both its
stained-glass panes, and then down the length of the hall they
sped again, fighting fiercely and dealing one another’s imperturba-
ble countenances ringing blows with the disputed broom.

  We became aware through Johnnie's excited comments, that
Juliana had lost an ear in the fray, and presently it was discerni-
ble that a fractured nose had somewhat modified the set geniality
of expression that had distinguished Bridget’s face in its prime.

  How this fierce and equal combat would have culminated
if further prolonged no one but Harrison Ely can conjecture, but
it came to an abrupt termination as the parlor clock chimed eight,
ely’s automatic housemaid.

23

the hour when the two automatons should have completed their
appointed tasks.

  Though quite late at my office that morning, I wired Ely
before attending to business. Long-haired, gaunt and haggard,
but cheerful as ever, he arrived next day, on fire with enthusiasm.
He could hardly be persuaded to refresh himself with a cup of
coffee before he took his two recalcitrant Geniuses in hand. It
was curious to see him examine each machine, much as a physician
would examine a patient. Finally his brow cleared, ho gave a
little puff of satisfaction, and exclaimed:

  “Why, man alive, there’s nothing the matter — not a thing!
What you consider a defect is really a merit — merely a surplus
of mental energy. They’ve had too big a dose of oil. Few house-
keepers have any idea about proper lubrication,” and he emitted
another little snort, at which my wife colored guiltily.

  “I see just what’s wanted,” he resumed. “The will-power
generated and not immediately expended becomes cumulative and
gets beyond control. I’ll introduce a little compensator, to take
up the excess and regulate the flow. Then a child can operate
them.”

  It was now Johnnie’s turn to blush.

  “ Ship ’em right back to the factory, and we’ll have ’em all right
in a few days. I see where the mechanism can be greatly im-
proved, and when you get ’em again I know you’ll never consent
to part with ’em ! ”

•	• • ••• •••••

  That was four months ago. The “ Domestic Fairies ” have not
yet been returned from Harrison’s laboratory, but I am confidently
looking for the familiar oblong packing case, and expect any day
to see in the papers the prospectus of the syndicate which Ely in-
forms me is being “ promoted ” to manufacture his automatic
housemaid.
The Curse of Zulma Rebya.*

BY RHETA CHILDE DORR.

N the latter half of the thirties, at the court of
  Louis Philippe, the democratic atmosphere
  brought by the “ Citizen King ” from his
  American sojourn was voted by old courtiers

  —	especially the ladies — a very unsatisfactory
substitute for the manners that went out when
Charles X. departed into exile and the last traditions of the old
regime went with him.

  Sometimes there were f6tes, which bad management more often
than not converted into fiascos — in the opinion of the Faubourg
Saint Germain—but there were those whom they amused and
who could laugh with as well as at the fatuous monarch. Among
them was Lady Florence Brooke, whose father—one of the most
efficient statesmen of his day in England — was then in Paris on
an important and delicate mission.

  “I vow, cousin,” she said, the morning after one of these in-
congruous gatherings, to Capt. Arbuthnot, a dashing young at-
tach^, “ I am in lotfe with His Majesty. He is the only man in
Paris who makes me laugh.”

  “The King is rather quaint at times,” agreed the captain.
“ But I hope, for all that, dear Florence, you will not be tempted
to laugh audibly.”

  “ Never fear, I know why my father was sent here, and it will
not be my fault if his mission fails.”

  “ I am sorry you are so bored, my cousin,” resumed the young
Englishman, “ but there are some amusing people in society besides
the King. And that reminds me of some one who is anxious to
be presented to you — none other than the renowned Count
Abbas.”

  “And who is he—an Arab?”

   •	Copyright, 1899, by The Shortstory Publishing Company. Ail rights reserved.

24
THE CURSE OF ZtTLMA REBYA.

  “An Egyptian — or, rather, a pure-blooded Turk. He is one
of those whom old Mehemet Ali chose in carrying out his pecul-
iarly Oriental scheme for the civilization of Egypt. He selected
three hundred youths from good families, many of them from the
very highest nobility, and sent them here to Europe, to be edu-
cated as engineers, naval officers, physicians and mechanics. When
they came back he had them all clapped into prison, and there
they were obliged to stop until they had translated their text-
books into Arabic. Then some of them were released, but the
majority were turned into schoolmasters. Awful degradation to
an Oriental, you know.

  “Well, this chap, this Abbas — he has a jolly lot of names and
titles, but we call him simply Count Abbas — was of the famous
three hundred. He somehow got wind of the scheme, and very
sensibly failed to return with the others. So he’s a Parisian, now,
and upon my word he isn’t a bad one. He’s immensely rich, as
clever as Lucifer, and no end popular at the clubs. May I present
him ? He might interest you.”

“ I wish Mehemet Ali were here ! ” cried Lady Florence. “ I
should adore him. But in his default I think the count may do.”
Capt. Arbuthnot took his leave, well pleased to have been a
little useful to his fair kinswoman. He hoped, some day, when
he should inherit his title, to become indispensable to her.

  He was not the only man who aspired to so much distinction,
for Lady Florence Brooke was a very beautiful woman. She was
also very brilliant, a combination not frequently encountered. In
conclusion, she was selfish, which is commoner.

  It ought to be said, in her behalf, that every formative influence,
every detail of her education, had been such as to cultivate selfish-
ness in even less promising soil. From childhood she had been
encouraged to believe herself infinitely above others of her sex,
both in beauty and intellect. Flattered, deferred to, consulted and
confided in by her father and his friends, she had early attained
an elevation of self-esteem which was far too lofty to be styled
mere vanity.

  After his first disappointment that he had a daughter instead of
a son, her father resolved to make the motherless girl what he
conceived to be a perfect woman.
26

THE CURSE OF ZULMA REBYA.

  In his own opinion — and in here — he had been completely
successful. She knew mathematics like a Senior Wrangler, Latin
like a cardinal, and her beautiful lips rolled honeyed Greek like
a reincarnated Helen.

  By the time she entered society she was quite satisfied that she
was superior, by virtue of personality, to any and all rank.

  She was now six-and-twenty, and unmarried, despite offers.

  “ The thing is simply this, Papa,” explained the young woman,
441 intend to become a model for wives as soon as the man appeal's
whom I thoroughly respect, and who never bores me. As yet I
have not found the two qualifications embodied in one individual.”
Haply this was repeated to Capt. Arbuthnot. At all events
the day after he had presented Count Abbas, the Egyptian ap-
proached him and said: “ My dear Arbuthnot, if you will tell
me how to please your houri of a cousin, I promise to smuggle
you into the paradise of true believers, hereafter 1 ”

  “ Why, my dear chap,” answered the attach^ seriously, “ noth-
ing is easier. In the first place you must amuse her! And if
you can’t do that, impress her! If you should succeed in doing
both — well, in that case you would certainly prove yourself an
all-around man.”

  Count Abbas did not, at first, succeed in doing either. Lady
Florence was disappointed to find him so little out of the com-
mon. His complexion was no swarthier than many a Frenchman’s,
although his hair and beard were of a peculiar blue-black seldom
seen in Europe, and lie had the soft, dull eyes of an Oriental.
For the rest, he was a fair type of the ordinary young Parisian
dandy of the day.

  Occasionally there crept into his speech an accent, a figure, an
allusion, an evasive essence, that was distinctly alien, and he soon,
divining that these subtle differences were pleasing to her, began
to affect them. After that she was more gracious, and before
long a certain intimacy was established between them. She
allowed him to say to her — in his Oriental fashion — things
which from others would have been coldly received. She was not
above a flirtation, but love-making offended her taste.

  This woman, with the brain of a man, possessed the rudimentary
emotional nature of a child. She had, in place of affections, pas-
THE CUKSE OF ZULMA KEBYA.

27

sions, instincts, merely a devouring curiosity, a love of change, a
desire for sensation.

  Because he fed this restless flame Count Abbas charmed her.
The intensity of his feeling for her, if she noticed it at all, caused
her no concern. She did not wish to inflict suffering, but no
impulse to prevent it had ever entered her mind.

  Lady Florence’s favorite jewels were rubies, and of these the
count had some rarely beautiful specimens. When she spoke one
day of the enduring nature of such gems he answered with a
strange smile:

  44 My rubies are older than I, to be sure, but they will not neces-
sarily endure longer.”

  She laughed delightedly. 44 So you have the elixir of life I ”

  441 did not say so. Truly, I am no seer. But I have a certain
unique advantage over other men. I know the exact spot on
earth where my death must occur I Of course I shall never visit
that place as long as I desire to live. It follows that I am im-
mortal, if I choose to be.”

  44 And how, pray, did you come into this valuable intelli-
gence ? ”

  “It is an inheritance. I had it from my father’s lips, as he had
it in secret from his father, whose father confided it to him.”

  44 And yet — they died! ”

  44 Yes, they died. But I need not die. Will you condescend
to hear the tale ? ”

  44 Continue.”

  The young man leaned far back into the red cushions of his
chair, and as he did so, a beam of the late afternoon sun caught
the rubies in his hand, quickening them into flame. His gaze
rested on them in silence, and a sudden melancholy came into his
handsome, sallow face. His eyes glowed dully, like banked fires.
At this moment lie was not in the least Parisian. Lady Florence
regarded him with admiration, as she would have admired a rare
vase, or a marble, or an edition — anything perfect of its kind.
As the sunbeam passed, his melancholy also passed, and he spoke
in his ordinary light-hearted tone.

  44 The story reflects such small credit on one of my ancestors
that family pride ought to prevent my telling it. But what is the
28

THE CURBS OF ZtTLMA RKBYA.

sin of ingratitude weighed against the infinite happiness of fur-
nishing you entertainment ? Know then, O my lady, that when
your slave’s great-grandfather was little more than a stripling, he
was sent on an important mission to the city of Damascus. Hav-
ing arrived, he was hastening to the house of the dignitary to
whom his letters were addressed, when he was abruptly halted by
a great crowd of people, which completely filled the narrow street.
It may have been a fire,*or a religious riot; at ali events, there
was so much excitement that my great-grandsire wasted no time
in taking refuge in a narrow alley between two tall houses hard
by.

  “ Three other persons had preceded them thither; two women
seated on asses, attended by an immense black eunuch. One of
the women was old, evidently a duenna. The other my impres-
sionable ancestor easily surmised to be young and beautiful.
Both of them were frightened out of their senses. It was obvi-
ously the part of a brave young man to reassure them. The
blockade lasted a long time. What would you have ? The end
of it all —or the beginning of it all, rather— was a visit the next
day from the old woman, an appointment, a disguise, a meeting!
Indeed lady, these things happen in the East as frequently as in
the West.

  “The fair one proved to be the daughter of a Jewish merchant.
She was motherless, and somewhat neglected. Tradition pre-
serves that she was, as it were, a willow wand for grace and
elegance, and her face was as the moon when it rises on the four-
teenth night. At the first dropping of her veil my ancestor’s wit
was confounded and his reasou was unsettled. They conversed
together, timidly at first, afterwards with boldness.

  44 In that country women are not coquettes. They are children
in mind and heart, and their passions are as the winds of the
desert. Thus Zulma Rebya awoke to love as from a deep sleep.

  441 will not attempt to give you the details of the alTair. In
the first place, I do not know them — I only know that the end
came very suddenly. My great-grandsire received a summons
from home, and was obliged to go with hardly an adieu. In the
East no man marries without his parents’ consent, and even if ho
had wished to wed his Jewish lady-love it would never have been
THE CUitSE OF ZULMA REBYA.

29

permitted. So he left Damascus alone. The damsel was, as
usual, unreasonable. What says your poet? ‘ Hell hath no fury
like a woman scorned.’

   “ As my great-grandsire set forth on his journey he was obliged
to pass the spot where he had seen her first, and behold, the old
woman was waiting for him with a letter in her hand. As he
took the writing a chill like that of the tomb came over him.
And no wonder I For it contained no tender farewell, but a ter-
rible and a prophetic curse.

  “1 Thou goest out from the gates of the city where thou didst
promise to abide until death found thee within. That promise
shalt thou still keep. Here shalfc thou die, and never shalt thou
die save only here. Thou and thy son and thy son’s sons, as long
as they have sons. By the virtue of my mother.’

  “ My ancestor journeyed on and in due season came to his own
country, where he lived and completed his manhood and married
wives after the custom of our holy religion. Zulma Rebya be-
came as a shadow and her bitter words were, in time, almost for-
gotten. Almost, but not completely; for when, twenty-five years
later, affairs involving a large inheritance made it imperative for
one of the family to go to Damascus, my great-grandfather refused
to part with his sons. He did not believe very strongly in curses,
but if there was a risk he preferred to take it on himself.

  “His business was soon accomplished, and in twenty-four hours
he was ready to leave the fateful city. But leave he never did,
for the cholera was abroad, and he perished in agony, aud his
ashes were scattered to the winds.

   “ His eldest son, my grandfather, rose to distinction in the ser-
vice of the Sultan, who thought so highly of him that he was
often entrusted with delicate matters of diplomacy in foreign
lands. It was finally decreed that one of the embassies involved
certain negotiation with a great Sheik of the Bedawin, whose
desert home was near the city of our destiny. Whether or not
my grandfather hesitated to go I cannot say, but it is probable
that he accepted his mission as a soldier his post at the enemy’s
front; a duty to be done, even to the death.

   “ The conference with the Bedawi lasted several days, nearly a
week, and resulted to the Sultan’s advantage. But other lips than
80

THE CURSE OF ZULMA REBYA.

the ambassador’s brought back the tidings. Himself was killed in
a street brawl at the very gates of the city.

  “ When my father, then nearly twenty-one, heard of his father’s
murder in Damascus, the curse of Zulma Rebya fell heavy on his
soul. He was a gloomy man — I think I never heard his laughter

—	but he was a brave man as well, and his life was as active and
as useful as though no dead woman’s hand pointed him to a shame-
ful doom. He was Mehemet Ali’s nearest friend, and when that
great man conquered Egypt, he made my father a marshal of his
army.

  “ In 1830, as you have heard, I was sent with other youths, to
Europe; but, unlike the others, I did not return. My father,
friend of Mehemet, still had no desire to see his own son made
into a pedagogue by the tyrant, and I was warned in time. If I
had been at home — ” he paused, and a touch of genuine emotion
broke his voice.

  “ What then ? ” cried Lady Florence, with impatience.

  “ If I had been at home my father should not have gone.”

  “ He went! ”

  “Second in command to Ibrahim, whose army captured Damas-
cus in ’34. Many perished in that bloody struggle, aud among
the first — my father.”

  Lady Florence was as pale as death.

  “ And do you really believe in it?” she asked breathlessly.

  The young man shrugged his shoulders.

  She, recovering herself, began to laugh. “ Tell me, then, my
dear Count, how long do you intend to live? If I remember, none
of your few fellow-immortals found an unending existence an actual
boon. At what age will you elect that famous journey to
Damascus ? ”

  “ Ah, Lady Florence,” answered the Oriental, rising and coming
quickly to her. “A short time since I fancied that I should never
go, but now I know that I desire to live only as long as you do.
And I shall start to-morrow uuless you tell me that I may spend
every day of the future near to you — nearer than any other, man
or woman.”

  She stood up in amazement, and motioned him back with an
authoritative hand.
THE CURSE OP ZULMA REBYA.

81

  “Oh do not reply at once,” he cried passionately. “0 Moon
of Paradise, listen a moment longer I You are used to be wor-
shipped, but not by a man of my race. You have heard words of
love, but not in the golden language which I shall teach you. If

I	am your husband, you will say that in Europe men do not know
how to love at all: You will declare that no other woman in the
world is a wife.”

  In spite of herself, Lady Florence was shaken by his stormy
ardor. Her cold breast even caught a faint reflective glow. She
sank into her chair trembling, and he fell down beside her, possess-
ing her hands with his lips.

  “ My princess ! You will ? You will ? ”

“ But you — ” she stammered. “ A Turk — a Mohammedan — ”
“ I am not a Turk, I am not a Mohammedan. I have no coun-
try, no religion, if any on the earth offend you. Your nation is
mine, and the room that holds you is the mosque where I will go
to prayer, for the rest of our days.”

  “ My father will never consent.”

   Why was it impossible for her to dismiss the man outright ?

   “ I have already satisfied your father that I am a suitable alli-
 ance. He leaves you perfectly free to accept me if you choose.”

   “ I do not wish to marry yet.”

  “Ah, but when you do! It is all I ask, that you consent to
marry me when you are ready.”

  “ But, good heavens! I am not even ready to do that,” she
cried desperately.

  “ At least you do not reject me. By Allah, I will not go to
Damascus yet 1 ”

  And every day afterwards when he left her, he murmured over
her hand: “ O my lady, do I journey to Damascus to-morrow ? ”
And every day the question was asked more ardently, more
confidently, for she was never quite able to say “ go 1 ”

  She had not the remotest intention of accepting him. He did
not fulfil the first condition which she had assured her father was
necessary to her choice, and. she foresaw that, as her lover, he
would soon cease to devote himself to merely amusing her.

  Then why did she not dismiss him? Not because she feared
to cause his death. Lady Florence was not superstitious. The
32

THE CUK8E OF ZULMA REBYA.

plain truth is that he overbore her with his personality; he was
so near to being her master that she was afraid of him.

  The situation soon became intolerable. She, hitherto so proud,
so insolent in her strength of mind, stooped now to weakly pon-
dering schemes for getting rid of him, and she believed she had
hit upon that which would compel him to abandon his suit. She
knew that, in the Oriental character, superstition, dread of curses,
belief in the evil eye, is so ingrained as to be structural. She
resolved to make this fact her weapon.

  Listening one afternoon to his fervid eloquence, she said softly,
“I beg of you a little time for reflection. All the world is on its
way to Home for the Carnival. Go you too, and* the very hour
when you return you shall have your answer.”

  He drew a long breath, his black eyes devouring her passion-
ately. Then he bowed to the ground, whispered “ I hear and
obey,” and was gone.

  The answer was handed Count Abbas two weeks later, to the
day. Its first effect was to transform him in appearance into a
maniac. Locked in his chamber, he rushed blindly up and down
until, utterly exhausted, he fell on the divan, clenched his hands
above his head, and sobbed like a hurt animal. At length, his
rage spent, he sat up very pale and calm.

  “One of them lived a week,” he muttered. “If I live a week,
I shall have time for love, and for revenge also. If I live only a
day, as the first one did — or a few hours, or one hour — she is
not worth it, but my desire for her is worth it. Perhaps I will
strangle her at the end. I ought to do it.”

  lie opened the door and said to his Egyptian servant: Ismail,
put things together for a sea voyage.”

• ••••••••••

  On the flat roof of the British consulate in Damascus Lady
Floreuce sat, peacefully enjoying the divine love story of the
nightingale. She was thinking of the European letters, due
probably ou the morrow. Her father’s would be furious, but she
could always pacify him. If Abbas wrote at all, his letter would
be unpleasant, but then—she was not obliged to read it. When
she returned to Paris, she felt confident, the count would be
abroad. She listened for another hour to the nightingale, chatted
THE CURSE OP ZULMA REBYA.	33

            with the consul and his wife, a cousin of her mother, and went
            down to her placid pillow.

             The foreign post arrived the next day and so did Count Abbas.

           The interview between them was very brief. In the cold
           pallor, the averted eye, the wordless greeting of the woman who
           entered the room to receive him, he read the truth before anything
           was spoken.

             M I did not intend this,*’ she said. 4‘ I did not dream that it
^	would happen. You would not let me refuse you, and I believed

            that I could elude you by coming here. It was a stupid plan,
            and I think very badly of myself. I hope you will forgive me,
            some day.”

             She waited for him to speak, and his lips moved, but no sylla-
             ble escaped them. He looked at her with a hollow stare. His
             hat fell noisily to the floor; he picked it up, brushed it me-
             chanically, aud resumed his expressionless gaze.

             Again she broke the painful silence :

             “ I am sorry to hurt you. I did not intend to do so.”

            With an effort, he answered in a broken whisper: “Not your
            fault — the other one.”

            He turned and felt his way through the door into the street,
            where Ismail was waiting. Later, they sought a barren lodging,
            which was to be their abiding place till the end should come.
            Abbas did not notice the poverty of the place. It was good
            enough to die in, and from out its portals he never went — alive.

             And did death find him ?

             Verily, no man escapes his fate.

            And with what weapon was the blow dealt?

              With that which is often reserved for the least worthy among men
f	— old age.

            Ho died at eighty-three — some j'ears after Lady Florence
            Arbuthnot.

-
To Save a Stainless Name,*

BY CATHARINE YOUNG GLEN.

MONG the older residents of Tarrytown, N. Y.,
there are doubtless some who can still point out
with interest the large, old-fashioned house, with
pleasant walks and cool t re e-arches, once the
home of the Wall Street broker, J. H. Ihlefield.
Mr. Ihlefield’s household was composed at that
time — thirty years ago — of himself and wife, and a niece and
nephew, twenty and twenty-one years of age, respectively, the
children of his less fortunate brother, A. V. Ihlefield, then many
years dead. Though the uncle had discharged wisely and faith-
fully the duties of a parent towards the orphans, the nephew —
44Harry” as he was called — had disappointed his expectations,
and instead of showing a disposition to settle down into a man of
affaire, seemed to regard all forms of business with aversion. The
niece, Margaret, on the other hand, was not only a girl of unusual
beauty and spirit, but of business aptitude as well.

  During the month of August, 1867, Mr. and Mrs. Ihlefield and
Miss Margaret were visiting at Saratoga Springs — having closed
the house at Tarrytown — but the wild Harry declined to accom-
pany them, declaring that Saratoga was too hot and dull, and that
he should go yachting with friends.

  The family had been but a short time at Saratoga when a matter
of business arose which made it necessary for some one of the
family to return to Tarrytown at once for its adjustment. At this
juncture Mrs. Ihlefield, never strong, was taken suddenly and quite
seriously ill. As it was thought unadvisable for her husband to
be absent, Miss Margaret herself undertook the errand, leaving
Saratoga by an early train.

  44 The papers will be signed by half-past four,” she said to her
uncle, at parting, bidding him affectionate farewell, 44 and by five

   •	Copyright, HW9, by The Shortaiory Publlnhlng Company. All rights reserved.
TO SATE A STAINLESS NAME.

85

you may think of me as with the Wests.” The Wests, with
whom she intended to spend the night in Tarry town, were near
neighbors and friends.

  The day was close and dusty, the journey tiresome. The ac-
complishment of her business proved a lengthier matter than Miss
Margaret had thought. Certain details of it she was obliged,
even then, to leave over until the following morning. It was not,
therefore, until after six that she presented herself, a graceful but
weary figure, at the door of her friends, the Wests. She was met
there with disappointment and perplexity. The house was closed.
They had gone, as she afterward learned, a week sooner than
intended. The only other friend upon whose hospitality she
would have cared, at this hour, unannounced and travel-stained,
to intrude, was likewise out of town.

  She was averse to going to a hotel. Owing to the nature of
her errand, and purposing so early a return, she did not wish her
presence generally known. She turned again slowly into the
street, and for a moment stood irresolute.

  Her own deserted home, half a block beyond, gleamed white
through the veil of green, its windows catching the last faint rays
of sun. A vision of comfort rose before her, enchanting to her
tired soul — her own delightful room — and an impulse, growing
into sudden, daring determination, gained possession of the girl.
She felt for the latch-key in her bosom, and a few moments later
was fitting it to the lock.

  “ No one will be the wiser! ” she exulted, with a laugh and a
•little natural shiver, as she stepped into the silent hall. She was
correct. So quietly did she move about, so carefully did she shield
her light, that neither the officer who at intervals patrolled the
avenue, nor the watchman whose duty it was to make a round of
the grounds between the hours of ten and twelve received a hint
of her presence.

   After a hasty tour of the house, to convince herself that she was
really alone — a trial, even to a spirit so courageous — she went
at once to her own bedroom, and remained there through the
evening, with her thoughts and her books.

   This room, furnished with every luxury, had large front windows
on the west, looking out upon the avenue ; opposite, at the eastern
36

TO SAVE A STAINLESS NAME.

end, a door opened into a dressing-room, which in its turn com-
municated with the hall. On the south, and facing the great
Louis XIV. bed, which stood against the northern wall, was a
pentagonal alcove, formed by a bay window. In the broad space
between its windows stood a dresser, and an archway, richly cur-
tained, half divided it from the room.

  It was some time past twelve before Miss Margaret decided to
retire. Placing her watch, together with the costly rings she
always wore, in a little jewel-box, she shut it away in the drawer
of a table between the avenue windows, and removed the key.
This she put beneath her pillow.

  Her preparations for the night concluded, she extinguished her
light, and, folding back the screening blinds, lingered a moment
at the open window in the alcove. The moon, now full, had
turned the Ihlefield grounds into one great checkerboard, lying in
vivid squares of light and shadow. It seemed to Margaret that
she had never witnessed a more l>eautiful scene, nor known a
silence so profound. Tho vines about the trellis, moon-enthralled,
seemed made of trailing stone. She herself, standing in that
splendor, in one of those dreams of billowy whiteness with which
women of her position and wealth are wont to robe themselves
for night, would have defied the cunning of the sculptor.

  Every trace of fear, the result of her unusual situation, melted
away before that majesty of repose. Leaving the alcove windows
so that the full tide might pour into the bedroom, she calmly laid
her head upon the jrillow, and almost immediately slept.

  She was to be rudely awakened.

  About half-past two — though she had then no notion of time —
she came to herself with a sudden and peculiar sense of danger,
that something which rouses us, as at the touch of a cold hand,
from the numbness of deep sleep into more than two-fold conscious-
ness. Instinct then compels us to be still, every nerve strained,
every faculty alert. By not so much as the moving of a finger did
Margaret betray herself as she opened her eyes.

  The room was still in a silvery glow, yet not as she had left it!
She felt her heart to stop within her — then to beat with choking,
suffocating violence. The sensation was unendurable. She wit
upright, gasping, as for breath.
TO SAVE A STAINLESS NAMK.

87

  With the name motion the figure she saw in the alcove turned.
A nickelled revolver, instantly levelled, sent its gleam across her
face. There was an interval of absolute suspense. Every minutest
detail of the tableau before her stamped itself upon her eyes. The
man was tall and stalwart, the lower half of his face clean-shaven,
the upper hidden by a burglar’s mask. Ho spoke, still covering
her. His voice was distinctly audible, yet so low that she seemed
to feel, rather than to hear it.

  “ Make no alarm! Keep perfectly quiet! I mean you no harm
if you will do so! ” Then, as she neither stirred nor spoke —
“ Do you give me your word ? w

  She had no recollection of what she said. She supposed that
she must have answered as lie desired.

  “ Very well, then,’* the muffled voice continued, “ I am going on
with my work.” Regarding her steadily, as though to assure him-
self, he lowered the weapon. “Remember! I shall hear you if
you make the slightest sound! ”

  Sitting motionless, she could watch his every move. He began
a rapid searching of the dresser. Drawer after drawer was turn-
ing out its contents, under his still, deft hand.

  Her whirling thoughts took sliape, revolved about one central,
towering idea. She was alone ! Alono in an empty house, amid
a wilderness of shrubbery, on a deserted block, in the awful silence
of night! At all cost, at all hazard, she must conceal the fact from
this man, who evidently from his fear that she would give an alarm
did not know it. Let him but pass beyond her door, and he would
find it out! She reasoned that he had come by her alcove window,
which she had left open. 1 f by that window he could be induced
to go, without looking farther! If she could only satisfy him
with what she had !

  With an effort she leaned forward. The figure was bending
over the last drawer of the dresser. She spoke rapidly, hardly
above a whisper, hearing her own words as though some one else
were talking.

  “ One moment! Will you listen ?” He was silent, but from her
first syllable showed attention. “Your staying here is dangerous to
you, and misery to mo ! You must not disturb the other rooms !
If I make it worth your while will you go? Will you go at once?”
38

TO SAVE A STAINLESS NAME.

 She waited, but he did not answer.

 She dared again. Her breath was coming short and fast.

 “ If I make it worth your while ?31

 The dark man regarded her furtively. Ho was evidently un-
 convinced.

 “ What is it of value that you have?” he said.

 She quivered, with the hope of winning.

 “ I have money and jewels 1 They will more than pay you!
 Will you let me rise, that I may show you ? Oh, will you promise
 me that you will go ? ”

 lie stood, a tall, straight shadow, between the alcove curtains.
 Through the black blot upon his face she could feel him search
 her soul.

 “ I believe you are speaking the truth ! ” he said, at last. His
 voice was cool and deliberate. “ Let me have them, and I will
 leave you I ”

 She threw a long, light cloak, lying by the bed, about her
 shoulders. “ Stay where you are 199 she commanded. “ I shall
 not try to pass you ! ”

 She took the little case from its hiding in the table drawer.
 As she stood, the deep baying of a dog camo up to her, from far
 down the avenue. Something in that sound, so grewsome in the
 dead of night, doubled the horror of her loneliness with that un-
 known man. She wavered, battling with herself. Every element
 in her past had its influence in that short, decisive fight with fear.

 She took a step toward him, and stopped, with eyes dilated.
 Then, all the pride of her family in her white-robed figure, she
 deliberately crossed the belt of moonlight to his side. Her face
 was pale and resolute, her head thrown back, her rich hair falling
 about her in a shimmering cloud. The jewels flashed within her
 hands. Never, perhaps, had that masked man beheld so radiant
 an apparition.

 He started, and stepped backward, but his gaze falling on the
 stones, he uttered an exclamation of deep, unfeigned delight.

 Still holding them, for he made no move to take them, she
 motioned to the window just behind him.

 “ I have kept my word! ” she said, with simple dignity. fc I
 believe that you will now keep yours ! ”
TO SAVE A STAINLESS NAME.

39

   Taking the case she extended, he placed it inside his coat, with
a peculiar courtesy in the action, foreign to his kind. He turned,
as though to obey her, then, hesitating, turned to her again.
Something — it might have been a “thank you,” it might have
been some whimsical apology for the discourtesy Fate had thus
driven him to offer her—parted the thin lips. What he would have
said she never knew! In the next breath they were set, repelling,
drawn across the teeth.

  Through the open dressing-room, leading to the hall, had come
a sound which transfixed them both. There was no mistake !
The knob of tho door below, at the foot of the stairs, had turned !

  For an instant they faced each other, listening 1 The dark
man’s thought was written in his pose — it was that of tho animal
at bay! He was in danger! The house was awake !

  But Margaret, in a flash, surmised tho truth. Braving that
housebreaker, nerved to her desperate ordeal, she realized that
before which her courage melted down like snow. Her predica-
ment— the strangest, maddest whim of chance — has never yet
been paralleled, it is likely never will be! Tho house had been
entered again — from below!

  There was oven then a creeping step upon the stair!

  Escape was easy for the burglar. The jewels were safe in his
bosom, ho had all and more than ho came to find! With a silent
oath ho sprang for the window — but the girl beside him was
quicker than he!

  Scarce knowing what she did, she flung herself upon him and
held him by the arms. Her slender hands were like bands of
steel; her eyes, dark with terror, were upraised to his.

  She poured forth the secret, which she had given all to guard.
Her blanched face was its guarantee of truth.

  w You cannot go! You cannot leave me ! I am alone I ”

  He struggled to free himself, to force her away, but she clung
to him with tho wild abandon of a child. She cried out to him,
in sobbing whispers, in agonized entreaty :

  “ Stay with me! Help me ! Help me ! I am all alone ! ”

  As they heard the sound again her arms closed upon him.

   “ Oh, for the love of God ! ”

  The eyes behind tho mask burned down upon her. The thought
40

TO BAVK A STAINLESS NAME.

at that moment behind the eyes only God knew! With a gentle-
ness, the memory of which she carried to the grave, the man sud-
denly forced her backward into the alcove and drew the curtain
so that it concealed them both.

  u Let go ! ” he commanded, in the same low tone. a My right
hand must be free ! ”

  She did as she was bidden, standing on the left. Together
there, hidden, yet with every other object in the room in bright
relief, they waited, listening to that coming, coming tap, tap, tap!

  Was it eternal ? Would it never end ?

  Margaret’s eyes were riveted upon the lino where the light in
the bedroom lost itself in the shadow of the dressing-room beyond.
It seemed to her that if anything should disturb that shadow,
move within it, she must shriek aloud. Vivid, swiftly-changing
pictures began to pass and re-pass before her — every scene since
her parting with her friends, every unimportant detail of the day
just gone — only that betwixt her and that familiar yesterday a
timeless gulf now seemed to stretch. Sho was no more of it than
if it were a dream !

  The step upon the stair had ceased. There was j>erfect quiet,
broken only by the loud, hard l>eating of her heart. This stillness
was awful; it was worse than the sound. She could not turn her
head, yet she could half see the figure at her side. She caught the
shifting gleam from something 011 his right.

  Again there was movement! Somewhere there in that uncer-
tain darkness of the dressing-room.

  She began to hear the swish and swirl of waters rising about
her, and to see the dancing of waves. Something called her back

—	it was the dark man’s hand on her wrist. That touch, reviving,
reassuring her, transfusing its iron through her blood! She could
look again, seeing as through a blur.

  They were not alono in the bedroom. She knew, in spite of the
mist that came and went, that some indistinct thing was not far
from them, and was drawing toward the curtain. It was looking
for the dresser. The dresser was behind them!

  The pressure on her arm tightened. “ Steady, steady! ” it warned
her. “ Soft, now, soft! ” She could feel the tension of the sinewy
frame. She closed her eyes, drawing her own strength from it.
TO SAVE A STAINLESS KAMI.

41

  They could have touched the man on the other side of the cur-
tain ; they could hear him breathe. The fabric trembled botween
them. Then the groping hand from without laid hold upon it.

  There was a motion in the figure beside her, and a loud, invol-
untary shriek — her own ! Then came a crash, and a blinding trail
of fire, and another instant crash and blaze in return. The masked
man sprang forward, the other man sprang upon him. They fired
and fired again. One fell and dragged the other! They locked
and rolled, in a tiger-grip, upon the floor. They writhed and
panted, in their death-embrace. There was no word, no cry.

  Clinging to the curtain over them, Margaret felt the waters rise
again ! Through the closing darkness she was sensible of a single
sound — the thudding of a club on the stones without — an officer,
calling help.

  Help! Help ! But they would he too late for the human tigers
at her feet! Her hold on the curtain weakened. She swayed, and
fell beside them.

  It seemed but a moment before she came to herself, yet she was
conscious that in some way all had. changed. She stretched her
arms — they touched soft pillows. She was lying on her bed.

  She sat up. The room was very still. She passed her hand
across her eyes. A strange thing had come with her awaking —
she was no longer afraid! Creeping up, she slipped from off the
bed, and stole out toward the alcove. One dark figure lay there,
blotting out the moonlight, his arm thrown heavily across his faco.
The girl bent over, breathless, looking. A sudden wave of anguish
shook her I Which of the two ? Was it lie who saved her?

  She knelt beside the dead man, fiercely, and dragged away his
arm.

  There was a jam and crash, below stairs, as though a door had
given way, a confusion of unfamiliar sounds. There was a hurried,
shufiling noise of feet, and whispering voices. A round red light
shot along the upper wall. But she did not heed it. She noticed
nothing. Sho took the heavy head upon her lap, and pressed her
hands against the clotted hair. So the police found her, staring
down upon it, sitting like a stone. It was not the face she had
feared to find 1 The dead man teas her brother!
42

TO SAVE A STAINLESS NAME.

  There was a shout below, from without, and one of the officers
who had come in rushed back, thinking it a cry for help. She did
not hear it 1 Afterwards she knew that they had found another
man, down whore the grounds joined the road, unconscious, dying
of his wounds — and with her jewels on his breast.

  Margaret 1 hie field told her own story. Neither of the silent
witnesses has gainsaid her, and the opinion of the world will not
disturb her now.

  She alone has known what that awful night first revealed and
later research laid bare to her; — her brother, a criminal at twenty-
one, through lxul company and secret debt, had returned to rob his
benefactor and foster-father, and bid died, red-handed, in his act.

  Who shall judge her? What was there left for her to do?
Should she blacken his poor dead name, and drag down her family
pride? It was easy to account for his being in town on that ill-
fated day, and she did so, and said they had been together in the
house. The testimony of the officers, the dead thief with the
costly proofs upon him — these wore her corroboration. To this
hour Harry Ihlefield has been a hero, who gave up his life to de-
fend his sister and his uncle’s house, and sleeps beneath a glorious
marble shaft, but Margaret was never able to look upon it I

  After all, the other man has had his reward! Fainting on that
night, and waking to find herself upon her bed, she knew that,
wounded to death, he had carried her to that place of safety, his
life-blood staining her garments, and his features, as she saw them
beneath his mask, always lingered in her memory — the clean-
shaven face, with its thin lips and inscrutable eyes !

  You may see his picture, too, if you care to step into the Rogues*
Gallery. It is there, in a central place — the portrait of one of
the most notorious criminals who ever baffled the j>olice !
ADVERTISEMENTS.

             441 have used Fairy Soap and like it very much as a toilel
             soap. Its purity renders it exceptionally good for washing
             m ±	fine fabrics."

ft—m m /“V	Mrs. Chas. D. Sigsbee,

| Lf L?	Wife of Capt. Sigsbee, U. S. N.

 cofirfi/c»r. /ess.	**=3II

 r/tc ft a rAoww company.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

XV

What Ails Your Hair ?

j Upon receipt of 10 cents in silver or stamps and this blank filled out, and enclosings
small sample of your hair (4 to 6 hairs) extracted by the roots, we will send you a FREE
BOTTLE of Cranitonic Hair Food by mail prepaid, and a FREE REPORT upon the condition,
of your hair after scientific microscopical examination by our Bacteriologists.

Name............................................................................................

City or Town......................................... Stale......................................

Sex................................................... Age......................................

Married or Single................................................................................

Have you Dandruff t................................. Is it Greasy or Scaly t...................

It your hair falling out f.............................. Losing color t............................

How often do you wash itf........................................................................

Does your scalp itchf................................. Any odor 1...............................

Any scaly eruptions t.............................................................i............

Had any serious sickness lately f.................................................................

What is the state of your general health 1.....................................

  MIC*0BE5 HAVE
  JfcST ATTACK CO
  THIS WAIR

   A—The Hair.
   B-The Scalp.

   C—Microbe*.

  D—Food Gland.

  Hair needs food to
keep it alive.

  The food should be
supplied by the
blood vessels of the
scalp which run up
to the hair roots.

  If the roots have
been weakened by
the attacks of the
scalp microbe, your
hair falls sick, falls
out, turns gray.

  A sure sign of “hair
disease” is dandruff.

  If dandruff is al-
lowed to remain it
smothers the growth
of your hair.

 Heretofore the
treatment of diseases
of the Hair and Scalp
has been a matter of
guess-work, without
regard to the cause.

  In the laboratories
of the Cranitonic
Hair Food Co., of
New York, the only
institute in America
devoted to diseases
of the hair and scalp,
the cause of the dis-
ease is learned by
means of a Micro-
scopical Examina-
tion and a cure ef-
fected by exact and
scientific methods.

From an examination of 1,000 different
samples of human hair no fewer than
24 different diseases of the hair and scalp
were identified; many of them contagious
and dangerous in the extreme.

THE DANDRUFF MICROBE
which causes Dandruff, followed by Falling Hair
and Finally Baldness.

Trom Photo-Micrograph by l»r. Fahrlg.

( Copunght 1899.)

FREE HAIR FOOD.

The advantages of these researches are

offered free to all our readers, as the
above Question Blank shows.

Ifyouwishto be cured of dandruff, to
save your hair and grow more, write to

CRANITONIC HAIR FOOD CO.,

526 West Broadway, New York,

 and you will get a free bottle of Cranitonic
 Hair Food, by mail prepaid, with full direc-
 tions for use, and a free report on the con-
 dition of your hair and scalp.
A. Handsome Year-book

filled with beautiful illustrations, and a com-
plete calendar. It
is sold on all news-
stands for 5 cents,
and it’s worth five
times that amount.

   It is a reliable
chronology of the
progress of the
19th century and a
prophecy of what
may be expected in
the 20th.

Here are a few of the great men who have written for It:

Secretary Wilson        on Agriculture   
Sen. Chauncey M. Depeio •• Politics      
Russell Sage            44 Finance       
Thomas Edison           44 Electricity   
Gen. Merritt            44 Land Warfare  
Adml. Hichborn          44 Naval Warfare 
  You will enjoy reading it now, and it
will be a book of reference for you through
the years to come. Sixty-four pages printed
on ivory finish paper.

     If your news-dealer cannot supply you with it, cut out this ad. and
 send it with three one-cent stamps and receive this elegant book free.

                           Address. J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

NO!!

 It does not agree
 with my health.

  The crank is the
  man who per-
  sists in drink that
  slowly ruins his
  stomach and
  nerves.

I drink

POSTUM

FOOD

COFFEE.

POSTUM CEREAL CO., Ltd., Battle Creek. Mich.

Like

 8r

Grape^Nutsg*

 Found at Grocers.

WHAT THEY ARE.

 Composition of the Famous New Food.

 A wide spread interest has been cre-
 ated among good livers, as to the compo-
 sition of Grape-Nuts, the new food that
 has come into popular use of late. It has
 long been known to physicians, chemists
 and food experts, that the starchy portion
 of entire wheat flour and barley is trans-
 formed into a true and very choice sugar,
 by the act of intestinal digestion in the
 human body. This sugar is identical with,
 and is known as grape-sugar, and it is in
 condition for immediate transformation
 into blood and the necessary structure
 from which the delicate nerve centers are
 built up.

 A food expert of the Postum Cereal Co.,
 Lim., Battle Creek, Mich., followed a line
 of experiments until he produced the food
 called Grape-Nuts, of which grape-sugar
 forms the principal part, and it is pro-
 duced by following out Nature’s processes,
 in a mechanical way.

 The new food has a charming flavor and
 can be served instantly either cold with
 cream, or, by pouring hot milk or cream
 over it, one has a hot mush at once.

SIZE AND SHAPE OF CIRCLETTES

’Tis a Fact

   That a pair of shoes with
   three Good Luck Horseshoe-
   shaped Perfection Circlettes
   in the heel will give from 25
   to 50 per cent additional
   wear, and the heels never
   run over.

    Send 4 cents in stamps for enough for

a pair of shoes, or io cents for 3 dozen.
Easily driven.

Sanford Mfg. Co.

Summer and High Sts., Boston, Mass.

For Sportsmen : H unting,
Fishing, Camping, or
Yachting. May be laid
on ground or deck, insur-
ing a comfortable bed,
free from dampness.

For Invalids: These Mat-
tresses afford great com-
fort to invalids and bed
ridden patients.

 When deflated and rolled small
 can be packed In grip; weight,
 ten to eighteen pounds,a wording
 to size. Largely used by U. S.
 Government, sportsmen, and
 invalids throughout the world.

      Catalogue Free.
 Mechanical l^uhrfc Co.
 40 Sprague St., Providence, R.I.
44

ADVERTISEMENTS.

                   ' - -■ ' ' • ■
Send him aboxofMandoiin
,	,,",U Cigars and write: "Mayall

(Hut for Goodness Sake	, . */ •	~ * ,»

   Don'/ Sa\-/ Told You!) oui'troublesendmsmoke!

THE WOMAN WHO SMOKES

 may be a creature of the coming century,
 but

THE MAN WHO SMOKES

 is the man who rules the world in this
 century.

NO CHRISTMAS GIFT

 is more acceptable to the average Father,
 Brother, Friend or Sweetheart than a box
 of Choice Cigars. Our “ Mandolin” is the
 best cigar in America for the money. Box
 of 50 for $2.25; 100 for $4.50, express pre-
 paid. We have finer brands, Domestic and
 imported, costing from $5.00 to $50.00 per
 hundred and shall be pleased to submit
 list and prices to Holiday buyers and
 Everyday buyers. We control favorite
 brands, import direct, and no house any-
 where can better satisfy every taste and
 every purse.

CHARLES B. PERKINS & CO.

36 Kilby St., Boston, ttass.

                              !£££

ENTERPRISE

 Meat and Food CHOPPER

Furnishes the housekeeper the easiest,
quickest, handiest, most economical means
of chopping raw or cooked meats, fish,
vegetables, and fruits. No trouble to chop
sausage and mince meat, Hamburg steak,
tripe, hash, suet, clams, codfish, chicken
and lobster for salads, cocoanut, corn, etc.

Easily and quickly cleaned; will not break
or get out of order.

Sold by all hardware dealers. Price, No. 2, $1.50; NOj 4, $2.00. Our trade-mark—
ENTERPRISE—is on every machine. Descriptive catalogue mailed free. Send 4 cento
in stamps for the “Enterprising Housekeeper”—contains 200 choice recipes.

THE ENTERPRISE MFG. CO. OF PA., Third and Dauphin Sts., Philadelphia.
A DV ERTISEM ENTS.

e Jones Umbrella “Roof

COVER YOUR OWN UMBRELLA

Take the measure (in inches) of your old umbrella cover; count the number of
outside ribs 5 state if the centre rod is steel or wood. If you cannot Ret the Jones
I mbrella " Roof ” of your dealer send $1.00 to us, and we will mail, postpaid, a
Union Twilled Silk 25 or 20 incii “Adjustable Roof” (2? or 28 inch, $1.25 ;

29	or 30 inch, $1.50). Umbrella “ Roofs’* at all prices from SO cents to $8.00
each, according to quality. If not entirely satisfactory your money promptly re-
funded, including stamps you have used for postage. Booklet, “ Umbrella Kconomy,” with simple instructions
necessary, mailed with your order.	THE JONES UMBRELLA CO . Dept. H. 79 Walkei St., New York, N. Y.

MANUFACTURERS OF THE HIGHEST GRADES OF UMBRELLAS TO THE LARGEST STORES IN THE WORLD. Agents >v«ule«l.

 TV^ SILK

 AdjustableRoof

1222233*9.00 ^HfchAnnias.

Adapted for ltglit or heavy work. Mnkcs
double lock stitch, has self-threading shut-
tle. SO YEARS GUARANTEE. Without any
money in advance we will send to your
home on thirty days' KIIEK TRIAL your
choice of our Desk Cabinet sewing ma-
chines, as Illustration, or our 3, 5 or 7 draw-
• machines, with best solid steel attach-
ments. WE PAY FREIGHT.

Buy direct and save agents' and dealers'
profits. CATALOGUE FREE. Address
R gnEPIIERD MF<J. CO.. 288 K. “2nd &L, Chicago.

      DR. B. F. BYE'S SANITARIUM. INDIANAPOLIS, IND.

Cancer

    Cured With Soothing: Balmy Oils.

      Cancer, Tumor, Catarrh, Piles, Fistula,
      Eczema, and all skin diseases.

      Cancer of the nose, eye, lip, ear, neck,
      breast, stomach — in fact, all internal or
      external organs or tissues-cured without
      knife or burning plasters, but with sooth-
      ing aromatic oils.

      Cut this out and send it for an illustrated
      book 011 the above diseases. Home treat-
      ment sent when desired- Address as
      above [Mentioning Thk Black Cat],

      Box 246.

Cures Catarrh

 65 years it has never been equalled for the in-
 relief of Catarrh. Cold In the Mead and Head*
 ('urea Deafness, restores lost sense of smell.
 25 cts.. at all Druggists or by mail postpaid.
 KEITH, Mfr., - Cleveland, O.

AMATEUR

Vaudeville and Minstrel

iterforuieis. For O .\ K
IMH.I. A 1C I will send

brand-new stump speech and hundreds of Irish. Dutch
Hebrew and Black-face jokes, suitable for all kinds of
vaudeville acts. Just Hie tiling for club and home en-
tertainments. M y work highly endorsed by Tony I’nstor,
Rogers Bros.. Sam Bernard and lending vaudeville stars.
JAMES C. MADISON. 1 34 EAST 79TH ST., N. Y.

Ilf A D OTA MDC. 55 different genu-
vVAndlAIYlrd me stamps. South
Africa liep., Cuba, Natal, Cape of Good Hope
with stamp album and large price list. Only
IOCENTS. Agent* Wuntcd. C.E.lliiHamun
Stamp Company. Dept., (7, St. Louis. Mo.

Rheumatism,Neurai£id.Gour.LumDago I

AND OTHER DISEASES CAUSED Bv URIC ACID IN THE ■

BLOOD pos-t-xeiy cu^ao Sena >0r book's*	B

THE SWISS -AMERICAN CO	S

I on WINOSOB ONT.. 4o«o» Bloch

DETROIT MICH.U.S.A

THPV nPAW PPPP_Smoke evenly and have the

IIICI	VV ri\C C, imp0rted nut-like rich flavor

ROLLED CICAR

full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.25 prepaid
to any address.

LUCKE’S ROLLS

(slightly smaller) box of 100 for $1.00, prepaid.

Too good TO i. H. LUCKE & CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO, delicious

THROW AWAY. WeguarautctlkvorcquttUoanyimportcdcijjareoldinU.S.oriuoncy buck. TO THE END.
ADVERTISEMENTS.	xxi

     Knox’s
          Gelatine

                           Is sold by Grocers, or sent, postpaid, (together with a
                           free copy of u Dainty Desserts for Dainty People ”)
                           pint sample, 5c.; two quart package, J5c. (2 for
                           25c.). Pink Gelatine for fancy desserts in every
                           package. CHAS. B. KNOX, 20 Knox Ave.,
                           Johnstown, N. Y.

THE CLEANEST GELATINE FACTORY I ft THE WORLD.

3

Things

  Ton Should l»o If
  You Want lleli-
  <*ioiiM nenoerU:

 1 If your cook
 won’t use Knox’s
 Gelatine get another
 cook. The Wrong
 Cook uses the
 Wrong Gelatine.

   2 If your gro-
 cer won’t sell
 Knox’s Gelatine
 get another grocer.
 The Right Grocer
 sells the Right Gel-
 atine.

        If you haven’t
  “Dainty Des-
  serts for Dainty
  People,” send a 2-
  cent stamp for it.
  Even the biggest
  eook can learn
  something from this
  little book.

Mr. Vanderbilt’s
$10,000 Cook

 Why Tou Should
 l’»e Knox's
 Caclutlue:

   1	It is endorsed
 by the most noted
 teachers of cookery
 (see list in our little
 cook book) as “the
 Purest and Best,”
 as having the “Fin-
 est Flavor” and as
 “ Never Failing.”

   2	It has been
 awarded 10 Prize
 Medals and diplo-
 mas (see list in our
 little eook book) for
 superiority over all
 other brands, and is
 now the Standard
 Gelatine.

   3	It is simpler
 to prepare than any
 other, is more
 healthful than pas-
 try and puddings,
 and is the Only
 Guaranteed Gel-
 atine.

may possibly be able to make nice desserts with
other gelatine some of the time. But with Knox’s
Gelatine he or any other cook is bound to make pers
feet desserts all of the time—It's all in the Gelatine.

3

Reasons
XXII

ADVERTISEMENTS.

AND

ENGINEERS.

THE

SIOUX

 $2.75

EMBROIDERED.

              Hoot* an- Waterproof and Ma<lo to ■easure.

      H. J. PUTMAN & CO.,

              Bridge Square and First St.,

MINNEAPOLIS, MINN.

end for onler blank showing how to measure your foot.

 thfl Rioh Tgcfo unmistakable in genuine tropical-grown tobacco.
 I IlC (llull I dole Altogether superior to unclimatic domestic stock.

ROLLED CIGAR

 full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.26 prepaid
 to any address.

LUCKE’S ROLLS

 (slightly smaller) box of 100 for Sl.no, prepaid.

 TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE 4 CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI. OHIO. DELICIOUS

  THROW AWAY. We guarantee flaror equal to any imported cigar sold la U.S. or money back. TO THE END.

Heavy Indian Tanned

MOOSE HIDE MOCCASINS.

   Men's, Boys', Women's, Misses' and Children's Sizes.

   The Moccasin has stood the test of ages by that race of hunters,
   the American Indians, who were the originators of the camp,
   the trap, the snow shoe and the canoe. Send for our
   free catalogue of Moccasins, and also

 The Putman Boots, for

                                   HUNTERS,
                                   EXPLORERS,

TH E

An old, mellow, Rye Whiskey

Case 4 bottles, $5.00
   “ 6 “ 7.25
   “ 12 “ 14.00

Delivered by Express in plain cases,
frepaid.

ALWAYS IN EVIDENCE.

 At the Chamberlain Cartridge & Target
 Co.’s Tournament, held at Cleveland, Ohio,
 June 14th and 15th, 1899, it won First and
 Second High Average in the AMATEUR
 class and First High Average in the EX-
 PERT class, with scores as follow: 97.88
 per cent, in AMATEUR class and 90.4 per
 cent, in EXPERT class.

 Fred Gilbert, with a Parker Gun, at
 Sioux City, Iowa, June 6th, 7th, 8th and 9th,
 shooting at 910 targets scored 97.3 per cent.

 These Records show that the PARKER
 GUN for close, hard shooting, and ability
 to perform continuous hard work is ex-
 celled by none.

 Send for catalogue to

Parker Brothers, Meriden, Conn.

New York Salesroom, 96 Chambers St.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

In order to introduce the HERBERT SPENCER
Cigar quickly among a class of smokers who will
appreciate its superiority, we will send by mail
a box of 12, Conchas Especiales size, on receipt of

$1.00

The New England News Company, The American News Company,

   BOSTON.	NEW YORK.

Herbert Spencer

A BETTER 10c. CIGAR THAN YOU

THINKER.

      EVER OBTAINED BEFORE.

    The mediocre quality of most Cigars retailing at this price has
induced us to put on the market THE HERBERT SPENCER —
a Cigar that in size, quality of tobacco and workmanship is superior
to any for the money.

We believe that after trying the HERBERT SPENCER Cigar you will insist
upon your dealer supplying you. If he hesitates, order from us. This special
offer is only made for the purpose of introduction and deserves the immediate
attention of every smoker who wants a high-grade article that is in every respect
equal to most cigars for which more money is asked.

Price List to the Trade Sent on Application.
XXIV

ADVERTISEMENTS.

■ mm, ■ M YOU CANNOT AFFORD TO MISS THIS GRAND OFFER. M M ■■
   ■ n ■ a If A Mn-nllicent. Nolid <Mdd-IM.it ed Inil Ini Hracelet or King	U 1

I®	'"I mOS 1 >ur Kings arc all set with a > irt■: 1!y s.'lo.ted Kiihy or l-'mcrnld Sr.

•St	1 Ka ::n>uptcil in a Tiir.iny setting. The Bracelets arc in the latct style. p..|«j-	H P P

k(	I !■ l.ir Curb Links the lock and key being exquisitely engraved, fhey pre- ■ I i ’W* gj

H W w !■ a l».' ii;:u'Lil npneirani e an.l will w-ar a isk-tuiie. over ioo.ooay*!:ng |

                      ladies are now wearing our rings and bracelets. We guarantee every-
thing just as we advertise. Just Henri us your n»mn nnri nddrcua rletter or postal), that's all. We will nenri yon IO
large handsome Ntnnipcd dollies, ready for embroidering (Carnations, Roses. Chrysanthemums, Pansies, Holly). Each
pattern a prize-selected design. Sell these to your friends at xoc. each, send us the one dollar collected and we will promptly send
y>u the bracelet with your Initial enfrraved on it, or a ring; take ynur choice. Our reliability Is established. We
refer to the publisher of this paper or to any National Bank in this city. Write sure to-day for the doilies; your success is certain:
sell at sight and wanted in every home. (Write to Dcp’t $6) HTKItl.I\(; JIIWliLBV CO., XVIlkCN-Ilarro, I*a.

Free Trip to Paris!

  Persons of mechanical or Inventive mind deal ring a free
  trip to The Paris Exposition with salary, should write
  The PATKXT 1C KCO K I», KnUimore, Mil.

                     Locomotor Ataxia conquered
                     at last. Doctors puzzled, Pro-

PARALYSIS feasors amnzed at the ret urn

to health of patients thought to bo incurable, by
OR. CH ASE’S IIMMII) ANI) NERVE FOOD.
Write me abont your case. Will send proof of cures
with advice free. Ur. ituu.#, 224 N. lOth -St., 1‘bila., i*a.

             YOU CAN EARN THESE PRESENTS

graV r iglir Also many others selling Kn-Zo Breath Perfume and Throat A	A

Irl ^'njj	Ease at 5 cents a pack age, and our Sachet Powder, the strong I I// \\l I

Wwyw est and most lasting perfume known, at 10 cents per packet, or you can make a It/ \

‘^Siiiv' large casl commission NO MONEY REQUIRED until goods are sold. Send full address t-

—— and we will serd you $2 worth of'goods, 20 p-ckages of Ko-Zo and 10 pack----

iges of Sachet Powder, when sold send us the $2. and we wll* seud you a present according to our large
illustrated Premium List (which we send w*th goods) which shows over 200 valuable presents we offer. Our
?oods sell at sight. All your friends will help you earn apresent or cash. NO RISK-WE TRUST YOU and take
back what you cannot sell. H, I. WASHBURN PERFUME CO. Dcpt.Jt.C. 110 Nmmu bt„ > cwlork City.

           FREE! FREE!

                      Any one ran earn this Beautiful
                      floM Fl»lrd Hunting fax* Him
                      Winder ttaleh, «harm Bnd Chain.

                      (guaranteed i a prefect timekeeper,
                      by Bellini; our Inrandrternt Lamp
                      "irks. They can be sold la a few
                      hours. Are practically Indestruetlbla
                      No trimming, do smoke, no smell.

                   OUR GRAND90-DAY OFFER:

                      Send your name and address, and
 wc send you 20 wicks, postpaid;
 sell them at Sc each and remit us
 St. and we will mall to you free a
 kKAinm GOLD Pl.ATKD WATCH CHAIN AM) CHAK9.

 INCANDESCENT WICK CO., DEPT. B.C. BRIDGEPORT, CONN.

COMBINATION OFFER

             ANY ONE CAN EASILY EARN A WATCH CHAIN
             AND CHARM—1ADIES’ OR QINTS’ STYLE-
             GOLD PLATED, NICKEL OR SILVER WATCH,

             mot a bin clock called a watch . CHAIN BRACE-
 LET With lock and key, SO PIECE TEA SET
 size for family me , GOLD FINISHED INITIAL
 RING, ^e mean every word we My. To quickly introduce our
 bouse and goods we will glee away thousands of the above pres-
 ents ABSOLUTELY FREE. Send us your name and address ia<>
 tnonev . and we will mail yon, postpaid 15 beautiful stamped
 DOILIES, different designs, with 13 exquisitely perfumed love
 charms. Sell the Doilies at lOe. each and give one charm free
 with each. When sold send us the #1.50 and we will at once send
 you for selling 15, one Watch-Chain and Charm and a Ring with
 any letter you wish, together with our offer of a 66 piece Tea Set.

 etc. PARIS ART CO.,B.C.MONTCLAIR, NEW JERSEY.

                  Anyone can easily earn a
                Watch Chain and Charm—
                ladles' or Kents’ style—Rold
                plated nickel or silver Watch

                    (not a clock called a watch), gold
  finished pearl Initial Pin Sc a
  6G-Piece Tea Set full size, lor
  family use. This Tea Sot Is beautifully decorated and
  most artistic design. A rare chance. You can get this
  handsome TEA RET, A GOLD WATCII CHAIN A CHARM
  with PEARL INITIAL PIN for selling our Bluing and Ink
  Powder. We mean what we say and will give this beau-
  tiful Tea Set, Watch, etc.. ABSOLUTELY FREE il you
  will comply with the extraordinary offer we send to
  every person taking advautage of this advertise-
  ment. To quickly introduce our Bluing and Ink Powder,
  If you agree to sell only 15 packages at 10c a package,
  write to-day (SEND NO MONEY) and we will forward
  the goods prepaid, when sold SEND US the^ $1 50
  and we send you for selling the 15, one Watch
  Chain k Charm & a Pearl Initial Pin with any letter you
  T?ish together with our offer of a 56-piece china Tea Set
  same day money is received. This is a liberal induce-
  ment to every one In the land and all who receive the
  Tea Set, Watch, etc.. are delighted.

 Chemical Specialty Co.
 40 Weit 22d St.,

 Dept. B. C.
 New Yorlc City,
ADVERTISEMENTS.

XXV

NEW INVENTION

GUARANTEED TO

A $12.00 Bath Cabinet
For only $5.00

Our New 1902 Style Square Quaker Folding Turkish Bath Cabinet

BE THE BEST OF ALL CABINETS AT ANY PRICE,
or your money cheerfully refunded.

COULD NOT BE BETTER MADE. MORE CONVENIENT.
MORE DURABLE, MORE HANDSOME, MORE SATISFAC-
TORY IF YOU PAID FOUR TIHES THE PRICE WE ASK
FOR IT. Ready for use when received. No frame to set up.
No trouble ; no bother.

     IT IS THE ONLY GENUINE CABINET HADE.

HAS* A KF.AL DOOR, opens wide — hinged to fratne.
Other Cabinets with so-called door are simply a hole or slit
to crawl through. FRAMEH'OKK strong and rigid, made
of best steel, galvanized to prevent its rusting. jEI«HT
I' I*K IOJIT.s support it from top to bottom. Some affairs
on the market have no supports whatever. Cabinet rests on
shoulders—others have 2 or 3 flimsy supports, shaky and un-
satisfactory. IM'KABLE cuvkkiAu m vtkkial,
very best antiseptic cloth—Rl'ltRKR	TOI*

«T RTAIXS open on top for cooling off—cabinets that do
not do this are said to be dangerous. I. A ROE AXI)
KOOMT IN.si l>i:. Knees, arms and body do not touch the
sides. Plenty of room for hot foot bath, and to sponge, tow-
el and cool the body while inside. FOI.DS FLATlike a
screen in 1 inch space—others crush together and damage
the goods% WEK.lis complete only 10 pounds. KA.SILT
Engraved from Photograph.	I’AKlilKD.

WE HAVE BEEN nAKING GENUINE BATH CABINETS FOR YEARS. 27,000 physicians and 1,000,-

000	happy users recommend our Cabinet in the highest and strongest terms. We are the largest man-
ufacturers of Bath Cabinets in the world. Our annual sales 300,000 Cabinets. Value. $1,500,000.00.
One hundred times more than all other firms.

     There is no Man, Woman or Child in the World
              Whom Turkish and Vapor Baths will not Benefit.

 Seated on a chair (with the head outside breathing pure
 air) one enjoys at home for 8c each, all of the cleansing, cura

tive, invigorating and purifying effect s of the famous I nrklsli.
Hot Air and Vapor baths, perfumed or medicated if desired.
Better and eheai>er than any treatment at Turkish Hath
Rooms, Sanitariums aud Hot Springs.

 SO SIMPLE TO OPERATE.

Before retiring, light stove, step in Cabinet, close and lock
door, sit down and you enjoy a teiuiierature of 100° to 160° F.
according to how you regulate stove. All done ii» one
minute. Stay In 15 to 30 lulnuies — open top curtains, cool
off gradually wnile you sponge and towel the iKKly. Impos-
sible to eaten eold or weaken tli
harmless.

It In tho only Hath which PRESERVES HEALTH.
PREVEXTS 1'oldn, Feverit, l.aurippc and
iMucaRi'.

 the system. Perfectly safe and

 DON’T BE DECEIVED

by imitations. We do not make it our business to And fault
with other people's goods, but as there arc a numl*er of unreli-
able, irresponsible concerns who have sprung up in tlie past
few months, know nothing whatever of the laws of hygiene,
and have no regard for the pnhlic health, are trying to market
so-called Cabinets, which are inconvenient, unreliable and
dangerous to use. on the strength of satisfaction given, ami
the enormous demand created for oui genuine Quaker, and
as we have many letters from persons who liave lnmght such
goods, are unable to use them, and obliged to throw themaway
and secure a genuine Cabinet from us, we feel it our duty to
warn the public, so that no one else may be imposed upon.

If our Cabinet in not the beat in every way
we do not want yon to keep it.

Don’t use a Cabinet which has no door, no frame, no rubber
lining. Rememher si wmulen Oame t'aUinet is ten
years behind the times, is w orthless, and about a* valu-
able iim at wooden stove would He.

Do not pay $7.50, 812.50 or $18.00 for inferior, bunglesome
and inconvenient affairs when the best eosts only $5.00.

Place your order will) u« 21 nil you have the *nt-
infaction of knowing you are doing business with a respon-
sible and reliable firm (capital floo.WW.ui) who know the
requirements of a tlrst-class Cabinet, do exactly as they
agree and furnish you a genuine Cabinet, guaranteed to l*e
the best in every particular.

Write toilnv tor full Information anti our valu-
able hook, also testimonials from thousands of customers.
Or, better still, order a Cabinet. You won’t Imj deceived or
disappointed, as we guarantee every one anti refund your
money after 80 days’ use if not Just as represented. We slih>
the same day your order is received. l»o \o I I-AII.
TO SEXil FOR IIOOKI.ET, as it will piove in-
teresting.

AGENTS AND SALESMEN WANTED

t'l RES hoilily ailinontn. Maken clear nkin,
pure lilooil, atronic nerven, clear brain, healthy
bodies.

      akcM you nleep sound, ltenut illen complex-
ion.

 SO.VI' AN I> WATER simply washes the surface of the skin,
 while Vapor hatlis open the 5,000,000 pores all over the body,
 stimulating the sweat glands, washing out all the poisons in
 the blood, and the impure acids, salts, etc., which if retained
 overwork and weaken t he heart, kidneys, lungs, liver, causing
 disease, debility and sluggishness.

     WE POSITIVELY GUARANTEE RESULTS.

 Our Cabinet is recommended by 27,000 best physicians, and
 it will cure XervouH Trouble* and Debility,
 iSleepleNNnenn, Obesity. Eaui'ippe, Neuralgia.

(IREN RlIEl’M ATIWVT—(we have offered
for foui' yearn a ntandinv reward of fS.IO.OO foi-
st caae not relieved). <'ure* \Voinaii'« Troublen,
Headache, Gout. l*ilc«, Driipn.v, IMabetefc all
lilooil and Skin lliiieaHes l.iver and Kitlney

Troubles.

IT WILL (’CUE A HARD COLD with one bath. and pre-
vent Fevers. Pneumonia. Lung Fever, Asthma. La grippe and is
really a household necessity. With the Cabinet, if desired, is a
IIEA1) A\l) ( OMPLEXIOX

        STEAMING ATTAC H M ENT
(the best ever offered) in which the head, face ami neck is given
the same vapor treatment as the l>ody. .Makes clear skin,
beautiful complexion, cures and prevents pimples, blotches,
blackheads, skin eruptionsand diseases. 1 nvaluable for colds
in the head. Asthma, Catarrh and Bronchitis.

 We furnish a perfect alcohol stove complete with regulator
 and support, with each Cabinet free ot charge. This is the
 best of all stoves; great improvement overall others. Safe,

harmless...............

So confident are we that our Cabinet will please you that
WE SEND IT ON 30 DAYS’ TRIAL
to be returned at our expense and your
money refunded if not junt. as represented.

 What could l»e more fair ? We could not atlord to have a
 Cabinet out which was not just as represented or sat istaetory.
 MIC it TODAY. The price is wonderfully low.
 Only *5.00 for Cabinet complete, including alcohol stove,
 plain directions and valuable formulas and receipts for medi-
 ated baths and various ailments. Face steamer $1.00 extra.
 MEN and WOMEN—BIO WAGES. CUO.OOtoSSO.Ou
 Weekly to open offices or parlors, to appoint agentsor travel. A won-

derful seller. We will spend $150,000 advertising this Cabinet, lhis will create an enormous demand right In your local-
itv Yon carrv small stock and supply It. Most liberal terms and commissions. Be your own boss. Any energetic, man or
woman can make $5.00 to $10.00 clear daily. Write for our new plan, term*, etc., free. Send yoor address anyway.

The World Manufacturing Co., 671 World B’ld’g, Cincinnati, 0.

[We know this firm to be reliable and to do as they agree, the Cabinet Is just as represented.—Editor.]
ADVERTISEMENTS.

xxvii

'Jhe j\\arvex Qlovd.

(Registered.)

IN THE NEW SHADES FOR
AUTUMN.

Manufactured exclusively for

B. pitman & Co.

New York.

WATCH AND CHAIN FOR ONE DAY’S WORK.

Boys and Girls can get a Nickel-Plated
Watch, also a Chain anti Charm for selling
doz. Packages of Bluine at 10 cents each.
Send your full address by return mail and
we will forward the Bluine, post-paid, and
a large Premium List. No money required.
BLUINE CO.	Concord Junction, Mass.

For Children While Cutting Their Teeth.

An Old and Well-Tried Remedy.

FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP

has been used for over Fifty Years by
Millions of Mothers for their Children
while Teething, with Perfect Success.
It Soothes the Child, Softens the Gums,
Allays all Pain ; Cures Wind Colic, and
is the best remedy for Diarrhcea. Sold by
Druggists in every part of the world. Be sure
and ask for /Mrs. Winslow's Soothing
Syrup and take no other kind.

Twenty-five Cents a Bottle.

 THE FINEST

 AMERICAN

 CHAMPAGNE

Grand

Imperial

Sec

 has no equal for
 PURITY AND EX-
 CELLENCE, and

 is used in many
 of the best HO-
 TELS, HOMES
 AND CLUBS in

  preference to for-
  eign vintages.

  A trial case will
  convince you

  For sale and recom-
  mended by all leading
  grocers and wine
  merchants every-
  where.

  Write for i>ooklet
  and special price-list
  of assorted cases.

 Germania
 Wine Cellars

 Hammondsport
 & Rheims, N. Y.

IS THE BEST

BECAUSE ITS PURITY
IS ABSOLUTE . ITS FLAVOR
UNIQUE . MADE IN

NICE.FRANCE, y*

TRY it with your

SALADS

  ffc ffimfunfl SWjjrtii*

Don’t Spoil Your Salad

By Using Poor Oil.

A large proportion of the oil sold as olive
oil is really made from cotton and similar
seeds, drug extracts, etc. Such oils are
poor in flavor and often positively injurious
as a food product. Pure olive oil is dis-
tinctly nutritious.

The best oil should be none too good for
your salads. Nicellc Olive Oil contains
nothing but the highly refined extract of
“ sound ” and wholesome olives. It retains
the original flavor of the olive better than
any other brand. A simple trial will prove
these statements.

“COMPARISON is the TEST of
SUPERIORITY

FgRAND

igMAl
XXVI	ADVERTISEMENTS.

        Most shaving soaps dry quickly on the face—and this produces the smarting
   and irritation so annoying and dangerous.

        You can apply the Rich, Cream-like lather of Williams' Soap, sit down and
   read your morning paper, and still find the lather almost as moist and thick as
   when first applied. Your beard will be thoroughly softened, and you will enjoy
   a most soothing, comforting, refreshing shave. This remarkable quality of
   WILLIAMS' SHAVING SOAP is found in no other, and has made it famous
   from pole to pole.

         Williams’ Shaving Soaps are used by all first-class barbers, and are sold everywhere.

By mail it your dealer docs not supply you.

WILLIAnS* SHAVINQ STICK. 25 cts.	LUXURY SHAVING TABLET. 25 eta.

            GENUINE YANKEE SHAVING SOAP, 10 cts.

                             WILLIAnS GLYCERATED TAR SOAP, 15 cts.
WILLIAnS’ SHAVING SOAP, (Barbers’), 6 round cakes, 1 lb., 40 cts. Exquisite also
for toilet. Trial tablet for 2>cent stamp.

   THE J. B. WILLIAMS CO., Glastonbury, Conn.

Depots:	London,	Pari*,	Dresden,	Sydney.

      “IT WON'T DRY ON THE FACE."
ADVERTISEMENTS.

xxix

ASTHMA

pnee If you suffer from any form of
f" KCBi Asthma we want to send you free
by mail, prepaid, a Bottle of the famous Kola
Plant Compound. It is Nature’s Sure Bo-
tanic Cure tor the disease, and we guarantee that
it will forever stop all your suffering. We are
sending out50,000 Bottles free by mail to Sufferers,
to prove the wonderful power of this New Dis-
covery, and we will be pleased to send one to you.
Send your name and address on postal card.

Address, The KOI,A 131 POUT I Mi

No. 1104 Broadway.

 Sew York.

 NOT A PENNY

  BEFORE YOU SEE IT.

    14-karat, gold filled, double hunt-
    ing case VVatuli. with vour Mono-
    gram engraved,American stem
    wind and set. Full Jewelled.

A-Mro.. EAGLE WATCH CO.,

Dept. 1‘ U4i Malden I .ant-, >ew York.

STOPPED I P XWI.S

from whatever cause are opened at owe by tudng
M KM IIOKI A. Sample sent free. Send address
on postal. MENTHORFA will relieve and enre both
cold-ln-the-head and eaiarrh. One trial will prove this.
That’s why we want to send you a freesample. Rejnilar
size, 25 cents. Frederick Remedy Co., 12 Grove St.,
Taunton, Mass.

5000 ZOUZAN MAGIC CHARMS FREE!

Read carefully and don’t delay. Knclose money order
for85c. for copies of our Popular New Sousa andjreceive
absolutely free two Jewele«l but pin* and one ot
these wonderful rliarmii. Solenoid Frizes offered
for dubs among your friends. We do a cash business
only and treat our customers right.

ICimditll Pub. Co., P*t:»tion A, Ilopitoii,

                                I Oaf-8 c^°*ce growth heretofore monopolized by Spanish
                                Led I “exporters. A pleasing astonishment to Americans.

              ROLLED CIGAR

full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.25 prepaid
to any address.

              LUCKE’S ROLLS

                                (slightly smaller) box of 100 for $1.00, prepaid.

TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE 4 CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO. delicious

THROW AWAY. We guarantee flavor equal toanr imported cigar sold in U.S.ormoney back. TO THE END.

LOTS of MAILandSAMPLES FREEI

                                                       Put your name and address in our Reliable,
                                                   United States Agents Directory which goes to i
                                                   thousands of firms who will gladly mail you'
                                                   free samples of Agents Goods of every des-
                                                   cription including Medicines, Books, Pictures,,
                                                   Novelties. Magazines, Cards, Household Artie- tyr
                                                   les, Wholesale Catalogues, etc., etc.	W

                                                       Ton will receive bushfls of valuable sam-5K
                                                   pies. We must have 80.000 new names at JK
                                                   once for our Agents Directory and in order to
                                                   secure them ouiekly we will send you by w
                                                   return mail free of charge all of the fol- w
                                                   lowing very valuable merchandise: Six w
                                                   separate books printed on nice paper and
                                                   neatly hound. Each volume is complete by1
                                                   itself. The titles of these highly interesting1
                                                   books aro as follows : 1 How to get Rich, <

                                              55 Howto Hypnotize. 3 Artof Love Mak- >
                                              ing, 4 Guide to Fortune Telling and.
                                              Dream Book, ft IJlack Art or .Uugic3iado,
                                              l£asy, G Aiormonism Exposed.

                                                       We also send you 7 Parlor Games, 4 Agents i
                                                   Articles (retail value, 50 cents each), 22 Por-
                                                   traits of U. S. Presidents. 25 Portraits of Fa-i
                                                   mousStage Beauties, 1 Coin Value Guide, I,
                                                   Used Stamp Value Guide showing prices paid ,
                                                   for cancelled IJ. S Postage Stamps and names
                                                   of firmsthatbuy them, 10 Latest Comic Songs,

                                                   1 Complete Map of the U. S. and a beautifully '
                                                   illustrated New York Story Paper for 3 months'
                                                   We also send yon our own Mammoth Novelty '
                                                   Catalogue of 2000 Bargains, and a $1.00 due bill *
                                                   which will actually entitle you to $1.00 worth1
                                                   of merchandise free. Understand this is no \
                                                   fake and the due bill entitles you to $1.00 {
                                                   worth of goods free, whether you buy any-
                                                   thing or not. Send your name to-day and en-
                                                   close 10 cents to help pay postage and packing. >
                                                   Address plainly,

UNITED STATES AGENTS DIRECTORY CO., Dept 37 STATION S. NEW YORK CITY.
XXV111

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Inebriety—A Disease.

Inebriety, Morphine, and other Drug habits are
dependent upon a diseased condition of the nervous
system.

The victim of the disease again and again puts 1
forth the most heroic efforts to reform, but his dis-1
ease is too absolutely overpowering to be conquered (
by resolutions. The will power he would exercise (
if he could is no longer supreme. Alcoholic stim- (
ulants have so congested the delicate nerve cells
that they cannot respond to the performance of1
their functional duties, and the helplessness of the1
victim’s condition is as inexplicable to himself as it1
seems inexcusable to his friends.

The Keeley treatment cures this disease by re-|
storing ihe nerves to a perfectly healthy state. It ,
cares by removing the churc. The result
is that the patient is left in a normal and healthy
condition, and he has neither craving, desire, nor'
necessity for stimulants.

Over 300,000 men and women to-day have been
permanently cured of the disease of inebriety,
through Dr. Keeley’s treatment, which is adminis-
tered only at institutions authorized by him.

The treatment at these institutions is pleasant;
no restraint is imposed; it is like taking a four-
weeks’ vacation; the patient only knows he is cured. (
Detailed information of this treatment, and proofs of its success, sent free upon applica-
tion to any of the following institutions:

Alcohol,
Opium,
Tobacco
Using /?

 Produce each a disease
 having definite pathol-
 ogy. The disease yields
 easily to the Double
 Chloride of Gold Treat-
 ment as administered
 at the following Keeley
 fiistiiutes:

  * Address THE KEELEY
  INSTITUTE at either

  Hot Springs, Ark.
  Sail Francisco, Cal.,
  1170 Market St.
  >West Haven, Conn.
  jWashington. D. C.,
  211 North Capitol St.

  Dwight, 111.

  Marion. Ind..

  1903 So. Adams St.
  ('rah Orchard, Ky.
  New Orleans, La..

  1028-38 Felicity St.
  Portland, Me.,

  151 Congress St.
  Lexington, Mass.

  BentonHarh’r.Mlch., Buffalo, N. Y.,

  179 Pipestone St. | 35ts Niagara St.
  Minneapolis, Minn.. White Plains. N. Y.
  i or. loth St.A Park Greensboro. X. C.

  AVC.

  St. Louis, Mo.,

  2*03 Locust St.
  North Conway, X II.
  Newark. N. .1..

  CO Fast Park St.

  Providence, K. I.
  Richmond, Va..

  1012 E. Marshall St. ,
  Waukesha, Wis.

 “ Non-Heredity of Inebriety

                      Columbus, Ohio,
                      ao N ortli Fourth St
                      Philadelphia, l’a.,

                      M12 North it road St
                      Pittsburg. Pa.,

                      1246 Fifth Ave.
 by Dr. Leslie E. Keeley. mailed upon application.

  Address the Institute,
  nearest you.

 GUIDE TO STRENGTH.

                                             physical and mental. It tells that strength once dlssl
                                             pated may be regained by nature's treatment

                                         WITHOUT DRUGS.

                                             It tells of my success in the proper employment of the
                                             galvanic current of electricity and how I discovered 25
                                             years ago that an appliance was required which would
                                             give a continuous, mild current for seven or eight hours
                                             at a time. This led me to construct a portable chain
                                             battery which the patient might apply himself, and
                                             started me in on a line of experiment that has developed
                                             by degrees, by 25 years of close practical study and appli-
                                             , cation into the construction of my present

                           DR. SANDEN ELECTRIC BELT,

                                             protected by patents. This I consider a perfect home
   self-treatment. The book describes it thoroughly. You
   wear it around your waist comtortably at night. It
   cures while you sleep. sending a pleasant, soothing
   , . __ _	_ stream or electricity through the weakened parts, curing
   COPYRIGHTED in 60 to 90 days, often benefiting at once. Do not forget
   that this belt leased by women as well as men for the treatment of Rheumatism m any part of the body,
   Lumhago. Ktdnev. Liver Disorders, etc.. and in fact will cure aches, pains and weaknesses of any sort. I
   give my personal attention to correspondents, and offer free advice at my oiHoe or by mail. My system of
   symptoms blanks enables me to diagnose cases perfectly at any distance, though to those who live nearby
   any of my odices a personal call will enable them to see the Belt in working order and test current. I have
   ...... Over 6000 unsolicited testimonials received during

   able and experieiu*eH assistants at my various branches.

   1898. Write or call to-day.

 nn n 1 nilinril 826 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

  11U U h \ANIIhN 183 So Clark St., Chicago, III.

  LIn■ Di Mi OMIlULlli 1 33 Tremont St., Boston, Mass.

                                    924 CHESTNUT ST., PHILADELPHIA, PA

~1S6€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€:€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€€Ce€€€€€<

                                             The 30th edition (revised) of my little book. *• Three
                                             Classes of Men," is now ready, and will be mailed In
                                             plain, sealed envelope, to any part of the world, free of
                                             charge. Over live million copies or this treatise have
                                             been distributed since the first edition appeared some
                                             years ago. marking. I l*elieve. the largest circulation of
                                             any therapeutic work ever published. This little book
                                             was compiled by me to emlMxly the proven results of my

                                             30	years’ experience as a specialist.

                                             It Is a guide to men both sii
                                             much valuable advice and outlining a course to pursue

                                                                    single and married, offering
                                             lining a course to pi
                                             for i lie greatest possible development of manhood both
ADVERTISEMENTS.

   I CURE PARALYSIS

Nervo-Vital Reflex Nervous and Associate Pelvic Diseases,

  Under the latter
category are includ-
ed True Rupture, or
Breach, False Rup-
ture or Varicocele,

Prostatic and all dis-
eases which interfere
with nature's normal
processes.

  These diseases im-
pede the circulation,
impair nutrition, in-
duce grave nervous
and mental weak-
nesses varying in de-
gree from slight ner-
vous debility to com- i>. u. rk ma
plete Paralysis. Varicocele (or
Varix) is a relaxed condition of
veins in which the blood becom-
ing stagnant and clotted, impedes
and poisons the circulation.

  The toxic clots are carried into
the general circulation, causing
Paralysis in some form. If de-
posited in the arteries which sup-
ply the brain, Paresis, Hemiple-
gia and other incapacitating dis-
eases result. Locomotor-Ataxia,
Paraplegia, Monoplegia, etc., are
caused by deposits that affect the
spinal cord.

  One male in ten has Varicocele;

this is the reason more men than
women are paralyzed.

  By my Electro-Chemic system

DELMER D. RICHARDSON, M. D.,

and its Electro-Pneu-
matic adjunct I cure
Rupture in from two
to three weeks and
every case of Vari-
cocele in five days.
I cure seemingly
hopeless cases of Pa-
ralysis. By delicate
mechanisms of my
own designing, I car-
ry and diffuse pow-
erful natural cura-
tives to the remote
nerve cells,which,by
active chemical affin-
KDMonr. m. i>. ities, remove organic
poisons, disorganize these depos-
its, restoring nerve currents and
vital power. The curative effects
of my treatment are immediate.

   Ataxia pains are instantaneously and
 permanently relieved.

   I accomplish the cure of these
diseases without internal reme-
dies, leaving the alimentary canal
undisturbed, that it may assimi-
late the nerve food and liberal hy-
gienic diet with which I provide
my patients. I cure to stay cured.

   I have no remediesorappliances
to ship. My personal professional
services and the administering of
my Electro-Chemic treatment by
myself is required to accomplish
a cure of diseases to which *1
limit my practice.

    The Richardson Home which I maintain for the
 accommodation of patients is equipped with every
 modern convenience and adjunct for the care of those
 under my charge and for their comfort.

    A prompt response will reach those who write a
 full history of their case. Enclose ten cents to pre-
 pay postage on sealed book which I have written and
 illustrated from photographs of cases covering every
 condition of the foregoing diseases.

    Upon request for information, please write name
 and address plainly.

   1266-74 Michigan Ave., Chicago.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

xxxi

A MYSTERIOUS FORGE.

Prof. Weltmer of Nevada, Mo., Origi-
  nates a riethod of Hagnetic Healing
  That Proves All Diseases Can be
  Cured.

DO YOU KNOW

That persons with some
money, or who can save
a little from their income
lor wages, will be given, practically
FREE, a PLANTATION of
from Five to Forty Acres?

THE CUBAN LAND AND STEAMSHIP CO.

Incorporated with a capital of $1,000,000, and
composed of some of the best-known men of
New York, is now forming an American
Colony in Cuba. You can take advan-
tage of this capita] and knowledge to acquire
a future home. Over five thousand
thrifty people have already joined
Olir colony. The Company will plant and
cultivate your plantation for five years for
five dollars per acre per year. A five-acre
plantation cultivated is worth $5,000
end of five years; a forty-acre plantation is
worth $40,000. Send for beauti-
ful illustrated Book and Maps of
Cuba and our property, and tobacco,
sugar, orange, lemon, banana, pineapple and
vegetable culture. Excursions will be run
monthly to property. Address

CUBAN LAND & STEAMSHIP CO.

32 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

OST WONDERFUL
BOOK OF THE AGE

FREE.

the Famous Writer

on Occult Sciences, X.
Lamotte Sage, A. 31.,
Ph. ]>., LL. D. For-
merly Professor, Pierce
College, Philadelphia,
Pa., New York Institute, New York. 100 page*. Profusely
illustrated. This work tell* f/ou exactly now to matter the
mast ini/stcnous secrets of Hypnotism, Jfefiuerism, Personal
ilaynetism, Magnetic Healing, and other Occult sciences.

QUICKEST AND SUREST3IETI10DS ON EARTH.

Yon ran learn in a few days at your own home and ex-
ert the influence without the knowledge of any one. Im-
possibilities an- unknown'to those who understand the
marvelous effects of mind control. After reading this
work you stand amazed at the wonderful opportunities
before you. It develops the will-power, improves the
memory, tells you how to lie successful, how to cure dis-
eases of all kinds, how to eradicate all bad habits from
the system forever.

You can become a power in your community. You
can perforin hundreds of startling and thrilling exiieri-
ments and make from $10.00 to $20.00 per day.

We guarantee you success or forfeit $1,000 in gold.

       READ THIS UNSOLICITED TESTIMONY,
then write your name and address on a postal card and
send for a tree copy ot our wonderful treatise.

Rev. Paul Weller, box »>o, Oorliam, N. Y., says: —
“ Your instructions have given me a power and a force
of character I did not dream it was possible for me to
acquire.”

G. S. Lincoln. M. D., 101 Crutchfield St., Dallas,
Texas, writes;—**The book was a revelation to me.
Your methods are far iu advance of any I have ever

seen. ”

Miss Katherine Meusiuger, Corry. Pa., says: —
*• Your instruction has made a new woman of me. Pos-
sibilities have been oi>eiied up tliat I never dreamed had
existed before. Everyone should understand your grand
science, ami there would be less misery, poor health and
unliappiness in the world. Address, New York Institute of
Science, Kept, f 4, Rochester, S. Y.

  Life is but a germ made to emerge from a mysterious
                              obscurity by an All Wise tJod, and permitted by Him
                              to travel fur a short
                              space before He sends
                              it to a realm ot Im-
                              mortality. This short
                              space was not meant
                              to 1** tilled with aches
                              and pains. It is now
                              discovered that dis-
                              ease is untiatund and
                              is directly caused by
                              Immunity and can Ik;
                              cured l»y human
                              hands. This wonder-
                              ful discovery lias l>een
                              made by Prof. S. A.
                              Weltmer, of Nevada,
                              Mo., who originated
                              the method of Mag-
                              netic Healing known
                              as Weltmerism. By
                              this method he lias
                              already cured over
                              100,000 afflicted of ev-
                              ery imaginable dis-
                              ease. 'lliat great
                              method known as the
                              Absent Treatment
                              cures all classes of
                              l>eoi>le. no matter at

....., ..........what distance they

PROF. WELTMKh.	live or the nature of

tlieir disease. Hon. Press Irons. Mayor of Nevada, was
afflicted with kidney and bladder troubles for ten years
and could find no relief in the usual remedies. In one
week lie was completely restored by Prof. Weltmer.
Mrs. Jennie L. Linen, Lakeview. Mo., was for two years
afflicted with ulceration of the womb, heart and stom-
ach troubles. In less than an days she was cured by the
Absent Method. In like manner thousands have heen
restored. By writing Prof. S. A. Weltmer. Nevada, Mo.,
you will receive free the Magnetic .Journal, a 40-page
magazine, and long list of most remarkable cures ever
performed.

TEACHES HIS METHOD TO OTHERS.

  The American
School of Magnetic
Healing is organized
under the laws of
the State of Miss-
ouri. Prof. Welt-
mer is the president
ot tins institution,
and Prof. J. H.

Kelly, the secretary
and treasurer. It is
impossible for Prof.

Weltmer to attend
to the enormous de-
mands made upon
him to cure, lie,
therefore, wishes
others to take up
his profession so that
lie may call upon
them to assist film
in his noble work.

With this In view
t he American
School of Mi
Healing was
ed. I’lie method

perfected and in	_______

use by this school PROF. KELLY, Secy, and Treas.
is so complete in all

its details that the students beeomc as efficient as Prof.
Weltmer himself, in this great art to cure, iu ten days.
This noble profession is taiiKht either by mail or per-
sonal instructions. Any one who desires can learn it.
and any one who learns can practise it. This has l»een
abundantly proven by the great numt>er who have been
Instructed and who are iu the active practice of heal-
ing by tills method. This is beyond doubt the best
paying profession of the age. as students who have
learned this method through the American School of
Magnetic Healing are earning from *10 to $50 per day.

  By addressing Prof. .J. n. Kelly, See’y. Nevada, Mo.
you will receive full instructions free of charge.
XXX11

ADVERTISEMENTS.

$4,200 Gash!

2 Prizes  $500 each -$1,000 
2    a    $300  ii   - $600 
2    Cl   $200  it     $400 
3    n    $150  it   - $450 
6    it   $125  ii     $750 
IO   ii   $100  it   $1,000 
   We will pay $4,200 IN CASH PRIZES as above for original short stories for publica-
tion in

The Black Cat

but no story is eligible for a prize unless it is sent strictly in accordance with the following
conditions.

   To quote The New York Tribune, “The Black Cat inaugurated a new era in story-
telliug,” and in the words of The San Francisco Examiner, “ It is the story-telling hit of the
century.” It appeals to people who prefer Quality to Quantity, who prefer Originality to
Commonplace. It publishes no Continued stories, no Translations, no Borrowings, no
Stealings. It pays the highest price in the world for stories that are stories, and it pays,
not according to length but according to strength. It pays, furthermore, not according
to the name or reputation of a writer but according to the cleverness and excellence
of a storv.

CONDITIONS :

   1. Each manuscript must l>ear at the top of the first page the writer's real name and address, in full, as also
the number <>t words ii contains, which may ranuefroin l.NjutoG.OOo. hut must in nocascexcced I In- latter nuiuhcr.

   ti. Each manuscript must l>e plainly written (either on typewriter or with pen) on one side of paper only, on
sheets not larger Mian 8 x 11 Inches, must he sent unrolled. jiostage or exnress charger ttillu prepaid, mid accompa-
nied by addressed and stamped envelope for return. letters advising the submittal ot st ories must be enclosed
with manuscripts and not sent under separate cover. Manuscripts wilt be received and returned only al the
writer’s risk.

   :t. Every story mnsi Im» strictly original and must, neither wholly nor in part, have appeared in print In any
language. Every story will be judged on its own merits: the .name or reputation of a writer will carry abso-
lutely no weight whatsoever. And furthermore, every story will be judged, not in accordance with its length,
but with its worth as a story.

   4. With every manuscript intended for this $4,200 Prize Competition, there must he enclosed. In one and the
same envelope, one yearly subscription to The Black Cat, together with CO cents to pay therefor. In case of
subscriptions to foreign countries 04 cents must he added to cover postage

   **. All envelopes containing manuscripts with subscriptions as above must Ik- plainly marked Tor Comne-
titlon ' and addressed. •* The Shortstory Publishing Company, 144 High Street, Boston. Mass.” Their receipt
will be promptly acknowledged. Any competitor may send as many stories as he pleases, but in each case all
the above conditions must be complied with.

   O. The competition will elose March 31.1900.and within COdays from that dale the awards will lie announced
in The Black Cat. and paid in cash. Should two stories of equal merit be considered worthy of a prize, the
prize will be either doubled or divided. In the case of stories unsuccessful in the compet ition but deemed desir-
able, the publishers will either award special prizes, ot not less than Slot) each, or will offer to purchase the same.
All unsuccessful manuscripts, submitted as above, will lie returned, together with the printed announcement
of t he results of the competition. The conditions and requirements being here fully set forth, neither the pub-
lishers nor the editor can enter into correspondence relative thereto.

   IMPUIM'AXT. As no manuscripts in the case of which all the above conditions hare not been complied trith
trill he considered, it IS 'urged thnt com/ietitors male sure that then- manuscript* are jireparcd strictly in accordance irith
the foregoing, arc securely sealed in strong envelopes, with the neccsmru enclosures, and tent / ull'i prepaid.

THE SHORTSTORY PUBLISHING CO., Boston, Mass.

 FOR SELLING OUR JEWELRY NOVELTIES.

 Watches, Cameras, Bracelets, Gold Kings,

 givenaway ABSOLUTELY FREE forselliugour
 Jewelry. Mo money required. Send us your name
 and lull address on a postal card, aud we will send you 13
 gold plate scarf and stick pios, allsetwithditl’erentcolored
 stones, to sell tor It) cents each. The l»e*t MellerM
 offered by any firm. When you have sold them we
 will send you your choice of a Watch, a solid Gold Ring
 and auy other valuable premium on our large illustrated
 list, which we send you with the pins. We pay all postage

  NOVELTY MF<». CO.. 62 Hatley St., Atllelwro, Mass.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

XXX111

Meunen's (the orlgli
GKRII.IRU

 A Good Camera for $2

NIAGARA No. 2-

  A perfect-working camera, making sharp, clear pict-
  ures 81-2x81-2 Inches. 11 lias everything that a camera
  must have to give satisfaction, and more than you’ll
  And in many higher-priced cameras. Formerly sold for
  $5 as good as, if not superior to. any other $5 camera
  gold to-day.

  Very compact. Carries 3 double plate-hold-
  ers. Fitted with a GOOD achromatic lens.
  Has the latest model shutter, adjustable for
  time and instantaneous work.

  Satisfaction is guaranteed. Camera is re-
  turnable in 10 days if you do not find that you
  have received your money's worth.

  Total cost, $2. including camera complete, one double
  plate-holder and instruction book. Full descriptive
  matter telling just how we can do this—also describing
  the camera in detail—will tie sent free on request.

  The Niagara Camera Co., Buffalo, New York.

  vRoyal Stationery

  Correctly engraved
  I with your initial or
  j monogram in any one i
  lot five styles, two quires \

             (white or tiut) and 00 envelopes/'

           Stamped	Initial Mon'gr'i.

 In Plain Color*,	« .7SW1.*S|

  I n 4*ol«l, Silver or Iftrouze, .H."» l.iJ.l
  111 iiin i t <mI in Two Colorn, 1.00 1.5© |
  Monogram die heroines i/our property.	.

  [ Send 10 cts. for our handsome sample book, including |
  18 initials and monograms, a full set of souvenir mon-
  I oirrmm, crests, and coats of arms. Finest quality on-1
  |graved Visiting Cards (including plate) latest style*]
  -JO cards, 75 cts.; 100 cards,

             #1 no. Wedding Invito-t
             tlons and Aunounce-
             i*nts engraved .

Samples free.

             Itoval Kneravinc * o..

             17 * 011. 81. PliliailrlpMn.y

 COUPE ROCKAWAYS. New and Second-hand; espe-
 cially good selection. Many excellent Bargains among
 our large assortment of desirable Carriages of all kinds.
 Stable and Street Horse Blankets a Specialty. Holies,
 Harness. Horse floods. John Moore & Co.,
 r.o Warren Street, New York, N. V. Established 1876.
 Write for Catalogue.

| OUR CHRISTMAS OFFER |

| Ray Cameras |

 ^ Have achieved an enviable reputation
 * for QUALITY and PRICE. *

 $	A complete Folding Camera,	*

4 x 5 size, Carrying Case, Fine	y

Shutter and Lens, for $*7.00.	w

£ $

$ Eclipses anything ever offered for ^

I	the money.

 W Send for FREE Circular and Catalogue, s?
 3K describing our complete line of W
 Hand and Folding Cameras.	a?

        RAY CAMERA CO., *
y 214 Centre St.,	Rochester, N. Y. $

STOCKINGS

For Ladies and Children.

                So garters. No supporters. Button to
                waint. I ptustay. Most Comfortable.
                glimmer vr winter. Best, cheapest and
                most durable. The Iilenl stocking.
                Trv them. Children's sizes. 25c. to 4.5c.
                Ladies’, 50o. ami «0c. Satisfaction guar-
                anteed. By mail, postage paid, if not
                sold by your dealer. Circulars free.

                THE FAY STOCKING CO., 62 T St., Elyria.O.

                              B||i|t a national trade on these goods from smokers trying
                              UUlii them by mail and Inducing dealers to keep them.

ROLLED CICAR

full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.25 prepaid
to any address.

LUCKE’S ROLLS

(slightly smaller)boxof 100for Jl.oo, prepaid.

TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE & CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO. DELICIOUS

THROW AWAY. We guarantee flavor equal toany imported cigar Bold in U.S. or money back. TO THE END.
xxxiv

ADVERTISEMENTS.

LEARN TO HYPNOTIZE!

                        Reader, do you desire to become a Hypnotist ? Do you want to know how to utilize the most
                      powerful and mysterious force of nature f Do you value control oyer others T Do you value the means
                      of securing friendship, love and personal influence T Do you value the power to conquer pain and
                      banish sickness, to reform a misguided friend, to gain business success, to win wealth, position and
                      happiness? If you do, you must learn to Hypnotize. Why not? No other accomplishment is so easily
                      acquired. It can be mastered in a few hours time, without leaving your home. It costs nothing “
                      to find out all about it. The greatest Hypnotist of the century has just issued in book
                      J form a large and exhaustive TREATISE, or Instructor in Hypnotism, covering thei
                      whole ground of his Science, and he will send it while the edition lasts, absolutely
                      FREE TO ALL who apply. The book is profusely illustrated, containing hundreds of
                      beautiful and artistic engravings, and shows as
                      never was done before the principles, features,
                      wonders and uses of this mysterious Science, all
                      in a popular and pleasing style. It tells you just
                      what Hypnotism is, and what you may accom-
                      plish with it. It shows you how you may sway
                      the minds of others, perform astounding feats and
                      oroduce amusement by the hour. New and in-
                      stantaneous methods. Success absolutely guar-
                      anteed. Rememher, this grand work costs you

nothing. It benefits everybody who reads it. It places you in touch with the
wonder-science of the age. Read it anyhow. It is absolutely FREE. A
postal card will bring it by return mail, all charges paid. Apply at once t
PROF. L. A. HARRADEN, Box 312, JAOKSON, MICH

 DISEASE BANISHED.

Science Takes Another Step Forward.

It has been known for years that magnetism was an
important factor in curing diseases; but not until Pro-
fessor Thos. F. Adkin, of the New York Institute of Sci-
ence, made a startling discovery in connection with this
force did Physicians and Scientists attach such great
importance as now to its curative powers.

Professor Adkin, by combining three forces, discovered
a new force many times more powerful than the old
force, called human magnetism, or that power used by
magnetic healers of the present day. By Prof. Adkiu's
system, all diseases the human family is heir to can be
driven from the system forever. All who are sick or
have suffering friends will hail this news with great joy.
The most marvelous part of this wonderful discovery is.
that the life giving force can be projected to the patient’s
home. Distance 110 barrier. No faith required, cures
are being made all over the world. A like principle to
wireless telegraphy is involved in this distant treat-
ment.

The results obtained have astonished all who have
tried it.

Fred .J. I*erkinn, South Haven, Mich., writes:
“I suffered with cliromc liver and kidney troubles for
years. My ease was pronounced hopeless, when I tried
Professor Thos. F. Adkin's Yitaopathic distant treat-
ment. In three weeks all traces or the disease liad dis-
appeared. To-day I am sound as I ever was.”

Mm. II <-i»rv KoWiiiMon, Harmonsburg, I’a.,says:
“My right, hand was paralyzed; your absent treatment
cured it. The effects are marvelous, and I advise any-
one who is ill to try your method.”

For full particulars of this wonderful treatment, to-
gether with a large number of Photographs showing the
condition of some of the patients liefore and after taking
the treatment, write for tlie Xew Seientiflc Her-
ald. It tells all about it: how people are cured, etc.

The Herald will lie sent to any sufferer abno
Intel)' free.

YOr ( AX I.F.AKX THIS METHOD

and make from $10 to 820 per day. Professor Adkin has
hundreds of Students in all parts of the world. They are
meeting with unbounded succcessand reaping a harvest
of money as well as scores of gracious patients. He
teaches by correspondence or in person; Micce*n
guaranteed in either case. Address

Prof. Thos. F. Adkin, Clerk 201, Rochester. N. Y.

BLACK,

BROWN

OR

BLOND.

Absolutely Harmless and Lasting. Simple in
Application.

I*riee, by mail, 81.00.

Send for catalogue of entirely unique and use-
ful Parisian Specialties.

THE PARISIAN COMB CO.,

530 Broadway, N. Y.

DEPT. E.

DON’T BE HARD UP

$2,000 A YEAR EASY

Gold, Silver, Nickel and Itrtal

                Plating. Gems aud Ladies at home
                or traveling, taking orders, using and
                selling Prof. Gray'* Platers. Plates
                Watches. Jewelry, Tableware, Bicycles,
                and all metal goods. No experience, heavy
                plate, nioderu method*. We do plating,
                manufacture outfits, all slz> s. Guarnn
                teed. Only outfits complete, all tools,
                lathes, materials, etc.. ready for wor*.
                We teuoh you the art, furnish secret*
                Write today. Testimonials, samples.

by VKSTKII. Develops the Bust C inrhoi, fills
all hollow placeB, adds grace, curve and l>oauty to
the neck: softens and clears the skin. Beautiful
women everywhere owe their superb figure and
matchless loveliness to VKST1CO. Harmless,
permanent. XKVEK FAILS. Every lady
should have this unrivalled developer. Adds charm
and attraction to plainest women. Recommended
by the most prominent physicians. Full particulars,
pilotographs,testimonials.etc.. sealed for2c. stamp.
Aurum Medicine Go , Dept D.A. 55 State St., Chicago,
ADVERTISEMENTS.

XXXV

          MRS. LTBBIE RARNl’M.
nice new growth of luiir five inches tony and there isn't
a trace of dandruff. I tried the remedy on my eyebrows
and lashes and they are greatly Improved. I am much
pleased with the results of the treatment and will highly
recommend it to anyone who is bald and has dandruff and
other scalp diseases.”

The remedy also cures itching ami dandruff, sure signs
of approaching baldness and keeps the scalp healthy and
vigorous. I ( also restores gray hair to natural color and
produces thick and lustrous eyebrows and eyelashes. By
wilding your name and address to the Altenneim Medieal
Dispensary,884 Butterfield Bldg., Cincinnati, Ohio, they
will mail you prepaid a free trial of their remarkable
remedy.

        J Thoir risvnr ic M/hat creates the surprise. In taste they're not V
        Id llllul excelled by anything which can be grown. ^

rolled cigar

                            t<> :iddr-^-%	f ' 'f p

lucke’s rolls	JSjM

(slightly smaller) box of 100 for $L00, prepaid.

TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE 4 CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO, DELICIOUS

THROW AWAY. We guarantee flavor equal to any imported cigar sold in U.S. or money back. TO THE END.

HEART DISEASE.

Some Facts Regarding the Rapid
Increase of Heart Trouble.

 Heart trouble, at least among the Americans,
 is certainly increasing and while this may be
 largely due to the excitement and worry of
 American business life, it is more often the
 result of weak stomachs, of poor digestion.

Real organic disease is incurable, but not one
case in a hundred of heart trouble is organic.

 The close relation between heart trouble and
 poor digestion is because both organs are
 controlled by the same great nerves, the Sym-
 pathetic and Pneumogastric.

 In another way, also the heart is affected by
 the form of poor digestion which causes gas
 and fermentation from half digested food.
 There is a feeling of oppression and heaviness
 in the chest caused by pressure of the dis-
 tended stomach on the heart and lungs, inter-
 fering with their action; hence arises palpi-
 tation and short breath.

 Poor digest ion also poisons the blood, mak-
 ing it thin and watery, which irritates and
 weakens the heart.

The most sensible treatment for heart trou-
ble is to improve the digestion and to insure
the prompt assimilation of food.

This can be done by the regular use after
meals of some safe, pleasant and effective di-
gestive preparation, like Stuart’s Dyspepsia
Tablets, which may be found at most arug
stores, and which contain valuable, harmless,
digestive elements in a pleasant, convenient
form.

 It is safe to say that the regular, persistent
 use of Stuart’s Dyspepsia Tablets at meal time
 will cure any form of stomach trouble, except
 cancer of the stomach.

Full sized package of these tablets sold bv
druggists at 50 cents. Little book on stomach
troubles mailed free. Address, F. A. Stuart
Co., Marshall, Mich.

LADIES—

LflUlbv Send ad

EMBROIDER

 i	send work to your homo prepaid.
 Send addressed envelope for one piece
 Of embroidery with prices paid. If our terms or work
 are not to your liking, you may return at our expense
 Steady work and good pav. EMPIRE >'MB.
 WOBks, llept.uciao Liberty tit.,.New York

I a nicc THE CHANCE is yours

LHUILO FOR PLEASANT HOME WORK.

 Send reply Envelope for Sample and Particulars how
 Inexperienced Persons secure steady income, devoting
 whole or part time to pleasant,congenial employment;
 nothing to sell.	„ .

MANHATTAN KSB. CO., Dept. 14, Beekman St., New York.

CUFFS HELD

           by the Improved
—, jJVN! Washbume Pate:
e •' V I | Cuff Holder. Can
if , K§-f. placed just where you
I ■	want them; will never

 I	iijg Blip, but may l>e instantly

I	released. Drawers Sup.

I	porters easily adjusted

1	or taken off. excellent for

 wSk WifiUM holding golf trousers. By
 mail, a> cents the pair.

JPff.ll Catalogue showing these

     and other novel ties free on request.
     AMERICAN RING CO., Box 76, Waterbury, Conn.

HEUMATISM

cured or no pay. A harmless remedy.
Box Free. C, H. ROWAN, Milwaukee, Wis.

  CURE I In every sense of the word !
  Immediate relief, speedy cure.

Mason’s Health Defenders.

The Yellow Tablets for Dyspepsia are

 firepared from the formula that made
 our physicians famous.

  Their action is marvelous.

 CURE — Remember cure or money re-
 funded.

  30	Tablets, 10c., all druggists; or sent
  for price by the

 H. T. MASON CHEMICAL CO.

515 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pa.

....................................

MRS. BARNUM’S HAIR

Hits a Fine »w Growth Free of Dandruff— Bemarkalile
Success of a Well-known Itemed;.

  Mrs. Libbie Bamuni of Wolverine, Cheboygan Co.,
  Mich. Is the happy possessor of anew anti natural growth
  of luiir. She had been growing bald for several years
  but thanks to the wonderful uropertiesof the well-known
  remedies of the Altenheim Medical Dispensary she has
  now entirely recovered her hair and is jubilant as a con-
  sequence. Mrs. Barnum says:—“ I win heartily assure
  you that I am overjoyed at the success of the Foso reme-
  dies. My hair stopped falling out, the bald spots have a
xxxvi

ADVERTISEMENTS.

No inonrj In >dnprr a«ked from rnders of
this paper.

GRADE HAIR SWITCHES.

Mneat quality of tinman Hair about One-lhird
ordinary price*.

2 oz. 20 inches, $0.!»0 I 3 oz. 24 inches, $2.25
2 ot. 22 inches, 1.25 I 3)$ oz. 26 inch., 3.25
2)t oz. 22 inch., 1.40 | 4 oz. 28 inches, 4.50
Remit live cents for postage.

            All switches are short stem. Send sample
            lock of hair cut near the roots. We can match
            perfectly any hair. All orders filled promptly.
            Money refunded if unsatisfactory. Illustrat-
            ed Catalogue of Switches, Wigs, Curls. Bangs,
            Pompadours, Waves, etc., free. We send
            switches by mail on approval to those who
            J mention this paper, to be paid for when re-
            ceived, if satisfactory. Otherwise to be re-
            turned to us by mail. In ordering, write n«
            to this effect. You run no rl«k. We take all the
            chance*. This offer may not he made again.

roiiekts specialty co..

114 Dearborn St. (Boyce Bldg.J, - CHICAGO.

MLLE.

AIMEE’S

Try it First.

Face Bleach

Pay for it After a Test.

    To demonstrate t he remarkable
   beautifying effect of Mile.
   Ainiees Pace Bleach we will

eient supply of the preparation to
thoroughly convince any lady
Vffl that Mile. Aiiuee’s Face Bleach
■HI is the most remarkable complex-

___ion maker and the only face

                   bleach that absolutely and per-
laKsfeMt ^^■manently removes freckles, tan,
m sunburn, pimples, blotches, pin
worms, blackheads, sal lowness,
crow’s feet or any skin eruption
whatever. It produces a clear
transparent skin: gives a retlned,
fascinating complexion, and en-
hancesa lady’s loveliness beyond
her molt extravagant expectations. I>o not fall to send
20e. for sample bottle, or 2c. stamp for free l»ook on facial
beauty, giving all particulars. Send to-day. Address,

AXENE TOILET CO., Dept 31 Masonic Temple, Chicago.

REMNANTS OF	Til TP

SILK RIBBONS ALM0ST| IlL t

We have
purch-
ascd, at
recent
whole-
sale auc-
tion sales
s e v e r al
large lots
of Rem-
nants of
Silk Rib-
bons, at
prices
w h i c h
will en-
able our
lady cus-
tomers to
secure
splend i d
bargains.
These
remnants
are all
from one
to two
and three
yards in
length,
andmany
of them
are the

quality of Ribbons in the market, of different widths?in
a variety of fashionable shades; in fact, nearly all colors are
represented; also different kinds of Ribbons adapted for
bonnet strings, neckweart trimming for hats and dresses
bows, scarfs, etc., etc. No lady can purchase such fine Rib-
bons as these at any store in the land for many times our
price, so that the bargains offered by us should be taken
advantage of by our customers.

Our stock of Silk Ribbons, from which we put up these
35-cent packages, consists of Crown Edge, (Iros Grain,
Moire, 1’icot Edge, Satin Edge. Silk Brocade, Stnped Otto-
man, and various other styles of Plain and Fancy Silk Rib-
bons suited to the wants of our lady friends.

We put up carefully assorted packages of these Ribbons,
assorted colors. No remnants less than one yard long,
and ail first-class, useful goods.

We will send 1 package for 35 cents, silver, or 36 cents
in 2-cent stamps. Carefully packed in boxes, postpaid,
upon receipt of price. Address PARIS ltlBBON
CO., 15ox 3045, Nw York City, N. Y.

CANCER

DURABLE

I Write for Free Book
IIOMKTKKATSEKT
I No Knife, Plaster,
Pain. B.C M ASON MEDICAL CO., 121 W.4ad St.. New York.

WORN WITH OR WITHOUT CORSET.

 Endorsed by Every Physician Who Has Used It.

 All this is wit hin your reach.
 Our Brace will do the work.
 Let us tell you how In our
 illustrated l»ook mailed free
 in plain sealed envelope.wtth
 letters from delighted cus-
 tomers. Write for it to-day.

 BE COMFORTABLE
 BE HEALTHY AND STRONG
 BE MORE ATTRACTIVE
 WORK AND WALK WITH EASE

 The following letter is oue of many thousands:

 C'nrtis, Miss., Sept. 1,1898. “The Brace I purchased of you
 two years ago did all that you claimed for it. It cured me of
 the worst formsof female weakness—prolapsus, ovarian trou-
 bles, headache, bearing down pains, constipation, inflamma-
 tion and other things of 20 years' standing. I can never say
 enough in praise of the dear old Brace, since it has cured me
 aft er spending hundreds of dollars for medicine and doctors’
 bills.	Mrs. Susie Woodard.”

 MONEY REFUNDED IF BRACE IS NOT SATISFACTORY.

 Address THE NATURAL BODY BRACE CO., BOX SO, Salina, Kansas. If

 Every woman anticipating motherhood should have this Brace. LK^ij ij^jj
ADV ERTISEMENTS.

xxxvii

^KOTEDSILK

UNDERWEAR

For Men and Women

KOTEDSILK

TRADE MARK - REGISTERED

        Coated on the inside with Pure Silk.
        Persons to whom wool is unpleasant
        can wear Kotedsilk with comfort.

♦	It is light, warm, durable, non-irritat-

ing, easily washed, does not shrink.

Men's Shirts, • ♦ 34-44, $2.50 each	Ladies' Vests, • .	26-40,	$2.50 each

44 Drawers, ♦ 28-44, 2.50 44	44 Drawers, .	26-40, 2.50 44

44 Union Suits, 34-44, 5.00 44	44 Union Suits,	26-40, 5.00 44

*	Undervests, 34-44, 2.00 “	u Underwaists, 26-40, 2.00 44

Ladies' Short Underskirts,	. . 24-32 waist, . .	$2.50

If your dealer can't supply you, ewe will. Express prepaid

WRITE FOR BOOKLET

KOTEDSILK UNDERWEAR CO.

Millbury, Mass.
And 76 Leonard Street, New York City
xxxviii

ADVERTISEMENTS.

STERICK’S SPECIFIC

THE GREATEST LINIMENT ON EARTH

 For Rheumatism, Neuralgia, Sciatica. Sprains and all
 other aches ami pains. Clean—Clear— Fragrant—good
 for the complexion and tine hair tonic. Try it and be
 convinced. Ask your druggist for it, or send by mail.
 Price 35 cents. (Exceptionally stubborn cases solicited.)
 Full particulars, testimonials, etc., for 2c. stamp.

H. J. STERICK & CO.,

Oaithersburg, Mil.

GREAT BARGAINSi'NECm

    CLUB BOWS, different and separate neck-
  11 les, t he to r y lates t, pre 11 y col ora, a c n t poa t-
  p*ld 5 for 20c., 15 for 45c. S stylish SILK bows
  25c.. J ust to 1 ntrod nee our popnl ar neckwear.
  How to tie neckwear. Calander and laree
  Catalogue freo with each order. ERNST,
  MFU. CO., 1167 First Ave., Mew York City.

 CURES CATARRH ASTHMA HAY FEVERE
       MUMPS.CROURCAKED BREAST,|
       FIRE&SUN BURN.CHAFING.
       BUNI0NS&TIRED FEET. '
       CHAPPED FACE. LIPS & HANDSj
       SAFE REMEDY FOR PILES
       ALL DRUGGISTS or MAILED FOR 25
       H.T.MASON CHEMICAL CO 5I5ArchStPhii* Pi I

SAFE SPEEDY SURE s

 Free sample mailed on receipt of 2c. stamp.

   )TirrAHV Style 5ettiwo -

   -FOB LADIi.5 ....
   (houhtcd WITH
   IK.OIAMOMD.

 A DIAMOND RING THAT WILL
 STAND THE TEST OF TIME.

A diamond that will not wear glaaty.

A ring that will not wear brasty.

  Bolivian Ando* Diamonds are cut from Diamond
  Topaz Quartz, mined in the Andes Mountains. Bo-
  livia, South America. Equal in every way to the
  genuine diamond—the same finish, the same lustre,
  the same brilliancy and the same fiery, blue-white
  color—the only perfeet substitute ever discovered.

  Lady’s Ring. -“1SL2S 1K $1.00
  Gentleman’s Ring, i^.“£!l£d, $1-50

FORWARDING CHARGES PREPAID.

  If, upon examination, you find the slightest mis-
  representation, money will be refuuded cheerfully
  aud promptly.

BOLIVIAN ANDES DIAMOND CO.,

54 N. Thirteenth St., Philadelphia. Pa.

  Kindly mention this paper.

                               -a*us>t

 SEND NARROW SUP	SETTlHG TOR GEMTLEMEN

 OF PAPER THATJUST VJ mounted with

„ntET3AP0UNDFINGERl’/j K D'AMONJ*

REDUCED TO $4.50.

  To place our beat #10.00 TOLEDO
  BATII CABINET in every home we
  send it complete for 80 days with bent
  alcohol stove, directions, formulas to
  any address upon receipt of $4.50. Face
  Steamer 75c extra. Order today. «ur»
  beat of all Cabinet*, has rail door, steel
  frame, top curtains, rubber lined, folds I
  flat 1 in. space. Money refunded after |

  SO days use if not just as represented.

  It’s a home necessity. Turkish and
  vapor baths 8c each prevent disease,
  cure without drugs colds, la grippe,
  rheumatism, female ills, all blood, ttkin, knmey, ner-
  vous troubles. WRITE FOR CATALOGUE FREE.
  We make Cabinets from #2.25 up. Agents Wanted.
  Easy terms. Exclusive territory. TOLEDO BATII
  CABINET CO., 614 Cherry St., TOLEDO, OHIO.
  [The above firm are responsible and do as they agree.—Editor.]

Worth of tricks and maka up*. ■

i for

  •at oom -paid

performing ft

 for US rent*.

       Rub*, I rub or Bide WhUkera, any color, bottle SplrUOum
       to atlck wblakeni, etc. Box of Bornt Cork to
       blacken up. locomotive or Detective Whla-
       _ jUg, tie. Cure for love,» novelty nure U) please. <
       coin through the hat trick. Im.anake.»In.'
       lone In *!*« covered cabinet to scare whl»-'
       key drinker* Imitation rubber mouth, hi*
       teeth.appear* fmm earto ear. Wrttewhen*
       yoa maw thl. ad. and I «lll lend I

          Thlabig<

 >aa. K. Msraaall,M(r»l<vvk)iurt,tf.Y.

I'la,,.

  Illustrated Catalogue
  of Jewelry and Novelties wc will send
  this beautiful Egcria Diamond Ring
  FREE! Send ten cents to pay for
  -'"✓' T'fT \ \ IT postage and packing. Send size.
  Fairwood Supply Co., Dept u,c. 237 Broadway, New York

Too Fat

             We will send full information about how
             to make a simple herbal remedy at home
             to reduce your weight, and also a sample
             box securely healed, in a plain wrapper
             free by mail, to any one sending 4 cents
             for postage, etc. Costs you nothing to
             try it. Address,

 HALL CHEMICAL CO., K. A. Box, St. Lows, Mo.

 A CHRISTMAS GIFT.

  the iittfe folks a Christmas pres-
  ent. This year we have some-
  thing nice and pretty. To in-
  troduce our Family Magazine
  in every home, we send, free
  ofcimrce, if you will send
  1 Oe. for postage. :i l*ret ty
  I»oIIh, with beautiful life-like
  feature*; one little boy and two

 for each.

SOCIAL VISITOR DOLL DEPARTMENT,
Box 3139, BOSTON. MASS.

LADIES

    Lovclinesx of the face and
  form can be obtained and retained i
  by using 1*K01\ Itl 1C l»’S |

 ( KKA.U OF AI.MO.MIS

  which for years has been endorsed by
  noted women whose superb beauty fascinates the
  opposite sex and is the marvel and envy of the less fortunate
  women who, if they will, can secure tins priceless boon
  for only the asking. We positively guarantee Prof. Bird’s
  Cream of AIiiioiiiIh to permanently cure pimples,
  freeklei, moth, sallowaess, rouehneM, wrin-
  kle*, tan, blackheadsi redness, flabbiness, and
  all irritiitionsand imperfections of the skin, face,
  neck, l»u»t, arms and lunid*. We send you gladly a
  trial treatment absolutely free with full directions and
  testimonials. Our remedy is perfectly harmless, safe
  anil sure, lton’t send one cent, of money, hut
  write your name and address plainly and he sure to mention
  this paper. Everything confidential. Address THE Blltu
  Cukuical Cu„ 01 Federal Street, Boston, Mass. DepL O.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

xxxix

HAYNERS

PURE WHISKEY

DIRECT FROM DISTILLER
TO CONSUMER.

4 FULL QUARTS

EXPRESS CHARGES PREPAID,

 For 3.20

SAVES MIDDLEMENS PROFITS,
PREVENTS ADULTERATION.

SINCE 1866

  Hayner’s pure double copper distilled Rye Whiskey has
  been sold to consumers direct from our own distillery,
  known as “ Hayner’s Registered Distillery No. 2, Tenth
  District.” No other distillers sell to consumers direct.
  Those who offer to sell you whiskey in this way are spec-
  ulators who buy to sell again, by which plan they are
  compelled to add a profit which you can save by buying
  from us direct.

     We will send four full quarts of Hayner’s
  Seven-Year-Old Double Copper Distilled Rye
  Whiskey for $3.20, express prepaid. We ship
  on approval in plain, sealed boxes, with no
  marks to indicate contents. When you receive
  it and test it, if it is not satisfactory return it
  at our expense and we will return your $3.20.

      Such whiskey as we offer you for $3.20 cannot be
  purchased elsewhere for less than $5.00, and the low
  price at which we offer it saves you the addition of
  middlemen’s profits, besides you are guaranteed the cer-
  tainty of pure whiskey absolutely free from adulteration.

     Kepkrencks:—Third National Bank, any business
  bouse in Dayton or Commercial Agencies.

THE HAYNER DISTILLING CO.,

    N.B.—Or

 Ore.. Utah, Wash., Wyo., must call fur SO qta. by freight, prepaid.

 We guarantee the above firm to do as it agrees to.—Editor.
xl

ADVERTISEMENTS.

IQOO

   Do you want a Calendar?

   Do you want a handsome Calendar ?

   A Calendar that is made for the home, and not for the
office ?
A Calendar that is ornamental and that will look well in
any house ?
A Calendar that you will enjoy every time you look at it ?

   A Calendar of six parts, each part different from the
other, yet forming a beautiful and handsome series ?

   A Calendar printed in eleven colors from original
designs, mounted on an extra heavy mat, 14x17 inches,
that keeps it in shape and prevents the corners from
curling ?

   A Calendar that costs us 36 cents each, delivered, and
that would not be sold in the stores for less than one dollar ?
An End of the Century Calendar of a limited edition, of
which no more will be printed ?

   We have a Calendar of this kind ; if you want one,
send five two cent stamps to Mellin’s Food Company,
291 Atlantic Avenue, Boston, Mass.

   We know you will like it; we will refund the money if
you are not satisfied.
ADVERTISEM ENTS.

xli

The Force

 behind, theforce

         is the educated mind which plans
         and directs the work of others.
         You cun rise to a higher position
         without interrupting your work
         or leaving home. You can get

A Technical
Education
BY MAIL.

         We have prepared successful .Mechanic nl
         r Architect urut l>raueht>*!ncn, Elec-
         rlcal or Mr«m Enisl«»cer»». Archi-
         tect*^ Surveyor», t’ticniUtw, Corrcs-
         ponaentn, Menojrrapher» and Book-
         keepers. Write for circular. Mt-nlion
         the profession you wish to enter,
         j The International Correspondence Schools,

         [ Box 119ft, Scranton, Pa.

"•Wooden

                               A fault less
    hatching
    machine
    for 50 eggs.
    Price $7. Heat and mois-
    Li A |A ture regulation and ven-
    ™	tilation, absolute*

                                     iy

                                     per-
                               fect.
                               A
                               book
                               about
                               the
                               Wooden
                               Hen.and
                               one about

 16 Excelsior Incnbator, will be sent
 ee to any one naming this paper.

 GEO. H. STAHL, Quincy, III.

Made of Stock

 wholly different from coarse and
 flavorless Oomestic

 ROLLED CIGAR

  full cigar size, box of BO for $1.25 prepaid
  to any address.

 LUCKE’S ROLLS

  (slightly smaller) box of 100 for $1.00, prepaid.

 J TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE & CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO. DELICIOUS

  w THROWAWAY. We guarantee flavor equal to any imported cigar sold m U.S. or money back. TO THE END.

                 SOMETHING NEW!!

                         This little machine docs
the finest grades of em-
broidering now done by
hand. Embroiders on any
fabric; uses embroidery
silk or cotton: a child can
ioperate it; an independ-
ent. living can be made
with it at home. Asa spe-
cial introductory otrer we
will send a sample ma-
chine with a full set of
stamping patterns and a
beautiful sample of em-
broidery. together with full instructions teaching how
to use machine, for 60o prepaid—regular price, $2.00.
A 50-page Iwok of embroidery designs, containing up-
wards of 100 illustrations, free with each machine.
Agents wanted. GEM MFG. CO., Dept. T,St. Louis, Mo.

Underwear for
ILADIES/CHILDRI

  “Star o! Carter” Ribbed
  Woolen Underwear Is as i
  Sanitary or Hygienic as |
  the most high-priced sd-
  vcrtlscd specialties and
  at one-third their cost.

  cannot supply you. « «rlll cn receipt et
  prtc* cnulofu* and Mmpio of (abflcs
  ' tree, if you cut out uvj mail this

HOOSICK FALLS
HOSIERY CO.

      TROY, N. t.

HOW CONVENIENT AND COZY!

  COMBINATION

   AND WRITING DESK, oaLsolneheshigh!

top 36 inches square. Extension writing shelf 10x20
inches, with pigeon holes for stationery, which can
1m; closed when not in use. Heavy French legs and
hand carved on all sides. Hand- nrjno ^o 7c
somely finished in t'loldcn Oak or rllLo $6/0
Mahogany. We prepay freight east of Mississippi
river and north of the Carolinas. We sell direct
from factory to household, saving the purchaser two
profits. Absolute satisfaction guaranteed, if not
as represented return at our expense, and money
will be refunded. Our references. The West Cleve-
land and I.ake Shore Hanking Cos. Send for our
illustrated catalogue of latest desijmsin line furni-
ture specialities. Cleveland Cabinet Co.,
830 Eric* Nt., Cleveland, O.
xlii

A D VE RTISEM ENTS.

Make your friend a Christinas Present that will last hint All the Year !

Any Man or Boy
Who Loves Nature

Or who is interested in Legitimate Sports and Pastimes such as

Hunting1, Boating*, Athletics,
    Fishing, Camping, Amateur Photography,

or who desires the

Protection and Preservation of our Game and Song: Birds

will derive a world of pleasure, useful knowledge and profitable hints from reading

  Recreation

   (Founded and Published by G. O. Shields, Pres. League American Sportsmen.)

Recreation

and

The Black Cat

Both 1 year $1

  Recreation is an illustrated monthly
magazine devoted to Everything its Name
Implies, and is a recognized Authority.

Holiday “Recreation” Offer!

  Realizing that every true sportsman
keenly enjoys Fascinating Tales, clever*
ly told, the publisher of RECREATION
is gratified to announce that he has corns*
pleted arrangements whereby he is
enabled to offer a full year's subscription
to THE BLACK CAT, “ The Story*
telling Hit of the Century,99 and a full
year's subscription to RECREATION
for the remarkably low sum of $1.00.
In other words for $1.00 sent under this
offer, before January, 1900, to RECRE*
ATION, a copy of THE BLACK CAT
(costing 50 cents a year) and a copy of
RECREATION (costing $1.00 a year)
will be mailed, postpaid, a full year to
any address in the United States or
Canada. Persons availing themselves
of this Special Holiday Offer may have
THE BLACK CAT sent to one ad*
dress and RECREATION to another.

   IMPORTANT.—All orders sent under this special offer must he accompanied by $1.00
in draft, postal or express order or stamps, and addressed Recreation, 19 West 24th
Street. New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.

xliii

  SPECIAL—To showthe perfect confidence we feel
  In the superior quality of Old Barton Pork Rye,
  to any one who doubts, we will send, by express,
  prepaid, one full quart bottle, on receipt of S1.00.

NOTE—Orders from States west of the
must call for twenty-four quarts, by
prepaid.

  The old-fasliioned kind, from the heart ol the Blue Grots
  region of Kentucky, made like it wad 100 years ago. when
  quality was the thing, resulting in a fully matured, rich
  flavored distillation, in its original purity, and formingan
  ideal stimulant at all times. Ask any Kentuckian. Asa
  protection against imitations, Ou> Barton Pi:uk Rye is

  Eut up for the U. S. only in our original and lieautiful
  ottles with wire netting, and closed with our lead seal.

 NEVER BOTTLED UNDER 10 YEARS OLD

  While Oi.o Barton Pure Rye has never been sold for less
  than 115.00 per case. yet to introduce quickly where un-
  known. and to save exnon^ of Middleman, we wi!* S"M‘*
  FROM DISTILLERY TO PURCHASER. *n plal'i
  case, one dozen full quart bottles, by express. prepaid. on
  receipt of 810.00. or case of pi* full quarts on receipt of •5.00.
  Each case equipped with cork-screw and neat glass.

  Note the following broad guarantee: When re-
  ceived, open and test if not perfectly satisfactory,
  money promptly refunded.

  REFERENCES: Postmaster. Agent Adams Express Co.,
  Fayette National Rank, all of Lexington, Ky.

Address, and Make All Drafts, Etc., Payable to

R. S. STRADER & SON,

DISTILLERS,

 58 Water Street,	LEXINGTON, KY.

       AGENTS WANTED.

I rRACRANr

fcwfiSE,

ffi WANTaBARGAIN? vDo°u WISH to sell?

MAGIC

a UnllUHII! , YOU If lOll IU 0611 f

[LANTERNS WANTED fflmtt

lH AR BACH &C0.809Filbert SL Phila.Pa.

A $5 Printing Press

Prints all your own cards, labels, circulars*

ctc Saves you money. Send for catalogue
to makers, KELSEY & CO., Meriden, Conn.

 FVPDV TVI AM who tries them finds these goods an astonish-
    v	I iTA/ai ’I ment in their tropic-raised fine rich flavor.

 ROLLED CICAR

   full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.25 prepaid
   to any address.

 LUCKE’S ROLLS

   (Slightly smaller) box of 100 for $1.00, prepaid.

 TOO GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE & CO., Lucke Block, CINCINNATI, OHIO. delicious

  THROW AWAY. We guarantee flavor equal to any imported cigar sold in U.S. or money back. TO THE END.

 A RAPID AND SCIENTIFIC
 METHOD OF MUSCLE BUILDING

 FORTHE ATHLETE OR INVALID
 STUDENT OR BUSINESS MAN.

A
xliv

ADVERTISEMENTS.

Bewhitely

  s, ilxercisei

         %'lm A Daily Ncccssity to
         Every Man and
         Woman of Sedentary
         Habits.

                  Expanda chest, strengthens
                  lungs, develops itrius, takes
                  that stoop out of tho should-
                  ers, brings perfect physical
                  development. Tho Standard
                  Exerciser of the World.
                  Prices—SC, ?#3, »4 and
                  S8;». Over half a million
                  users. Recommended by
                  Physicians everywhere.

                    Serial Am a* Offer.

                    Upon receipt of price we
                    will forward ono mnchlno
                    prepaid to any address,
                    and will refund money on
                    t.s return if nn«ati*faofr»ry.

                  10 (VntS J*.Pys ^at *treat
                  , y?, 50c book. “Phyal.
                  cnl Education,** by Prof
                  'J.- G- Anderson, of Yale.'
                  125th thousand. Our new art
                  catalogue is free.

                  WHITELY EXERCISER CO..
                  31	Marine Bidg., CHICAGO.

                 Battery Hanging Lamps,|10.
                 Telephone, complete, . S.U5
                 Elcctric Door Bells, . . 1.00
                 Electric Carriage Light, 8 05
                 Battery Fan Motor, . . 6.95
                 Electric Hand Lanterns, 2.00
                 Pocket Flash Lights. . 1.50
                 Miniature ElectricLamps, .40
                 $8 Medical Batteries, . . 8.05
                 Genuine Electric Belts, . 1.00
                 $12 Belt with Suspensory, 2.50
                 Genuine Electric Insoles, .25
                 Telegraph Outfits, ■ . . 2.25
                 Battery Motors from $1 to 12.00
                 Battery Table Lamps, . 8.00
                 Necktie Lights, 76cts. to 8.00
                 Jfi Bicycle Electric Lights, 2.75
                 Electric Cap Lights, • • 1.75
                 Electric Railway, ... 2.95
                 Battery Student Lamp, . 4.00
                 Dry Batteries, perdozcn, 2.25
                 All Electrical Books at low

                          R rices.

                          ■II oo Everythin!
                          Electrical.

OHIO ELECTRIC WORKS

OLEVELAND, O.

                 Headquarters for Eloctrio Nov.

oltie* and Supplied.

Agents wanted. Send for fJcw
Catalogue just out.

   We Excel and Undersell All!___

Desk Lamp and Battery .... $3.75
$4 00 Electric Bicycle Light . . . 2.25
Sewing Machine Motor .... 8.00
Send for Catalogue of Klertrle Hooks. Novelties. Supplies,
OHIO KLKCTRIC WORKS, Cleveland, Ohio.

THE ANGLE LAMP

"The light that never fails”

 WILL bring more sunshine into the house and drive out more trouble than any other one
 household article. It completely remedies the (rouble and expense of the ordinarvoil

 __. *a,tVK *,u" lu\* become a tiling of the past. II never smokes, smells or gets out of

 onler. is lighted and extinguished as easily as gas. and. while giving a light more brilliant
 than gas or electricity, it costa but

EH11ITEEX CESJT8

 a mont b t o burn. I nl ike A cel ylene gas and gasolene, which are highly dangerous. The Angle
 Lamp is absolutely non-explosive, gives not even the suspicion of hij odor and doe* not ruin
 the furniture by leaving a de|H>sit around Hie room Thousands are in use in homes, stores,
 ottices. churches, halls, factories, etc.. and its all round merit, together with its
 wouderitu feature of

“XO-1-\l» E15-Sl IA DOW ”

       which insures all the light falling directly downward, have called fortlJ onre-
       served endorsements. As a

( IIKISTMAN GIFT IT IS IDEAl

            being both useful and beautiful. we will gladly send catalogue
            V showing all styles from $L80 up.

THE ANCLE LAMP CO..

70 Park Place. Snr Yorlr.
AD VE RTISEM ENTS.

xlv

Great Strength
and Development

 given to the arms, shoulders, wrists, lungs and all muscles and
 organs of the chest, back and stomach by the use of

The Kallithenos Club

“THE CLUB WITH LIFE IN IT.”

 Concealed within the Club are peculiarly constructed weights,
 shifting between springs on a polished metal rod, imparting a
 surprising life-like movement.

 The use of the KALLITHENOS CLUB not only develops great
 strength and increases the size of the muscles, but it also creates
 wonderful quickness and control of both muscle and brain, thus
 enabling the body to overcome any sudden emergency requiring
 quick action.

 It takes off unhealthy flesh. It puts on solid tissue.

 It wears out “ fat ” and substitutes muscles.

 It itriparts life, litheness, energy, self-control of both body and
 brain. Doctors commend it highly for weak, contracted lungs.

 ONLY ONE CLUB IS USED. The shell, or body, is made of
 aluminum. With each club are furnished two handles — “spade”
 and straight — three nickel plated weights, four spiral steel springs.
 These are all interchangeable, rendering the Kallithenos Club ad-
 aptable to auy person, weak or strong, man. woman or child.

 Write for illustrated circular, with price and introductory
 offers.

Che Kallithenos Co., Dept, fl, 71 Eagle St.,

A Pew Good Agents will be Appointed.

 BUFFALO. N. Y.

 TUpcp fArtnC are a Phasing astonishment. Quick made—but
 I I1LOL UUUUO of rich tropic-grown stock, “ bought for a

ROLLED CIGAR

 full cigar size, box of 50 for $1.25 prepaid
 to any address.

LUCKE’S ROLLS

 (slightly smaller) boxof 100 for Si.00,

 too GOOD TO J. H. LUCKE & CO., Lucke Block,

  THROW AWAY. We guarantee flavor equal to any imported cigar t

CINCINNATI, OHIO.

Id in U.S. or money bi

DELICIOUS
TO THE END.

RIPANS

      If you’re always hale and hearty, wellsscontent and uncomplaining.
      Then you’re one out of a hundred, and your counterparts are few.
      But nineteen out of twenty of the ninety^nine remaining,
      Would they cleanse their blood with Ripans might be fortunate as you.

\X/ANTED:— A rase of had health that R I I’ A N S will not benefit. They banish pain and prolong life.
v'' One gives relief. Note the word It PI* • A NS on the package and accept 110 substitute. k-I*P*A‘N*S,

   10	for 5 cents. mav I*? had al any drim store. Ten samples and one thousand testimonials will In; mailed to
   any address for five cents, forwarded to the Hi pans Chemical Co., No. 10 Spruce St., New York.

I*ig package of BEAUTIFUL.

SILK REMNANTS, :oo to iso pieces, all carefully
trimmed, selected from large accumulation of silks especially adapted
for all fancy work. We give more than double any other otferj remnants arc
all large sizes, in beautiful colors and designs. Sent for 35 cents tn stamps or silver. Address
I'AHIS SILK CO.. Box 30tu, New York City, N. Y. (This concern is reliable and package of astonishing value.—LUitor.
                                     \

 Where Schlitz Beer is Aged

    f~^\ CHLITZ beer is stored for months in these refrigerating rooms
            before it leaves our brewery. There are four million cubic
            feet of air in these rooms, kept at a temperature of 34 degrees.
            Storage capacity, 265,000 barrels.

        This is an expensive process in the making of good beer, but a
    beer that isn’t well aged isn ’t well fermented, and the result is a
    “green beer”—the kind that makes you bilious.

       Aging is only second to purity. It saves the sick headaches
    resulting from cheap beer. It forms one reason why your physician
    always recommends Schlitz, the health beer that made Milwaukee
    famous. Not only absolutely pure, but always well fermented.

      nifTlONUPY FUFF/We will send you a 200-page up-to-date Webster Pocket Dictionary upon
      UIv 1	1 1 ALL ^ rccc|pt Qf two-ccnt stamp to pay postage. Address SCHLITZ, Milwaukee.

 E—« .............mmmmm......nr—■ i—

                                                     S. J. PARKHILL & CO., PRINTERS, BOSTON U.S.A.
xlvi	ADVERTISEMENTS.

THE various plans of policies, Ordinary, Intermediate and Industrial, issued by
The Prudential, embrace every member of the family, from one year old to
seventy, and in amounts from $15 to $100,000. All in good health may secure
Life Insurance proportionate to their needs and purchasing ability.

Write for full information and description of policies for profitable investment and protection.

THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY

JOHN F. DRYDEN, President. OF AMERICA HOME OFFICE: NEWARK, N. J.
(Please mention this publication.)
UNSURPASSED BREAKFAST DRINK.

USE

“The One of many Tones.”

Other Pianos are “ Single-toned ” Instruments.

No other like it. No other equal to it.

ii	CrOWn ** ^'ano *s *he highest type of the
vl UW1I modern pianoforte. It stands
squarely on its merits and courts the most critical exam-
ination and closest comparison. It is sure to please and
satisfy you. Warranted 10 years, and warrant is “Burnt
in the back ” of each instrument. Write for catalogue
with music free, lient makes “ Crown ” Church and
Parlor Organs too. Catalogue for the asking.

GEO. P. PENT. Manufacturer,

Bent Block.	Chicago, Illinois, U. S. A.

PREMIUM {A

CHDCOLATE

CREAMS S?

FOR DRINKING. COOKING

/SOCOA 3 CHOCOLATES,

FOR PURITY OF MATERIAL I I fcl C 11 0 DA C C P R

FOR OELICIOUSNESS OF FLAVOR UIlDunrHdDtU,

GROCERS EVERYWHERE.

OVKR	W W	^ Tf mm M	and Vaetoltai

  108,000 f 1 9 VT *1ft If 417-433 West 28th St

NOW IN USE. liS^plANOS.^H New York.