
July, 1930	AMAZING STORIES	289

Beforcyou do anything else!
Get the dope 011 my new--

J.E.SMITH. J>res. 1

NATIONAL RADIO INSTIHITE

this book will show you how
you can get in quickly /

Radio’s continued amazing growth
and new uses of Radio principles is
opening hundreds of fine jobs every
year. Broadcasting Stations, Radio
Dealers, Jobbers and Manufacturers.
Shipping Coinpanies, Aviation. Talk-
ing Movies, Research Laboratories
and many other sources of good jobs
need men well trained in Radio con-
tinually. Besides, there are almost un-
limited opportunities for a profitable
spare time or full time Radio business
of your own. Many of my graduates
have jumped from $25, $35 and $4(1 a
week to $50, $60, $75 and even SI 00
a week within a year or less. My book
proves this.

I Will train yon inexpensively
at home In your spare time

Hold your job until you are ready for
another. Give me part of your spare
time. I will give you the training
that is raising hundreds of men's sal-
aries every year. I feel so sure that
I can satisfy you that I will agree in
writing to refund every cent of
your tuition fee if you are not
satisfied with ray Lessons and In-
struction Service when you fin-
ish my course.

WtNEW Book

I* • is ready for Tou

IF you’re in Radio now

are time or full time -

           if. will show you how
           my unproved training
           can help you make

still more money

 Unique 8 Outfits of Radio parts for
 a Home Experimental laboratory giv-
 ing practical training and experience
 equal to if not better than most resi-
 dent courses.

 Instruction sheets giving authentic in-
 formation on servicing many different
 models and makes of Radio sets. Of
 great value in spare time and full
 time service work.

An enlarged ami improved course
leading to jobs in Broadcasting Sta-
tions, Commercial Land Stations. Op-
erating on Boo’d Ship, with Dealers,
Jobbers and Manufacturers.

 Training in Radio’s use in Talking
 Movie Apparatus, both Vitaphonc
 and Photophon,- systems.

Training in Television and Home
Tclnnsiort experiments.

 These are only a few improvements.
 My book "Rich Rewards in Radio"
 tells you of many more. Write for
 it today.

Many make $10 to $30 a week
repairing sets in spare time
while learning

The day you enroll I will show you
how to do ten jobs common in most
every neighborhood. Nearly every
one of the twelve million Radio sets
in use needs $2 to $10 servicing a
year. Get some of this money for
yourself. I will show you how to do
it. I will give you the plans and
ideas that are making $200 to 51,000
for many of my students while they
are taking ray course.

Find ont what Radio otters yon
Cet my new free book

It tells you where the good Radio
jobs are, what they paj, how you
can fit yourself right at home in
your spare time to get into Radio.
It tells you about the many extra
service9 and materials that the Na-
tional Radio Institute gives its stu-
dents and graduates: Lifetime Em-
ployment Service and other features.
It shows you what others who have
taken my course have done — arc
making—what they think of it.
There is no obligation. Send the
coupon today.

J. E. Smith, Pres., Dept. OGS
National Radio Institute
Washington, D. C.

Have you read my new book giving an outline ot
National Radio institute’s improved training in
Radio? If you haven':, send for your copy today,
No matter what kind of a job you may have in
the Radio industry now, unless you are at or near
the top. 1 believe my training can help you get
ahead—make still more money—get a still better
job. However, I'll let you decide that for yourself
after you have read my book—just let me show
you what 1 have to offer. Many others in Radio
—amateurs, spare time and full time service men,
Radio dealers, fans, custom set builders—have
found the way to more profit and more money
through this course. You will find letters from
them in my book.

See what 1 oSSer those who are now
or who want to be service men

While my course trains you for all hranches of
Radio—1 am also giving extensive, thorough and
practical information on servicing different
models and makes of A.C., D.C., batlery operated
and screen grid tube sets. Atwater Kent models,
Crosley, Zenith, Majestic, Stewart-Warner, Ra-
diola, Eveready, and many other makes are cov-
ered. This information is of special help—of
real money-making value—to those who are now
servicc men or those who want to be service men.
This part of my training, however, is only out of
18 features that I am offering men and joung men
who want to get gond jobs in the Radio industry
—or who are in Radio and want to advance.
Even though you may have received information
on my course before, unless you have gotten my
new book a3 pictured above, write to me again—
see how N. R. I, has grown and improved, too.

White my trnicinc linl town rnlirtr'd r.nd rovlned—iny coi;rso
i< not neic nr untried, Hundred- ot men In Kadio owe their
aimu and larger income to It. Send the coupon today.

I

J. E. SMITH, President

National Radio Institute, Dept. OGS	I

Washington, D. C.	I

Dear Mr. Smith: Send me your boofc ••Rlrh newardi In	I

ll.i.iio " I mint the farts on the opportunlifei in tUdio	,

■nd your revised and Imiirored ruurae. I underatatld lb;..	*

does not obllctte me and that no agent will rail.	|

I

I

............................................... I

I

Addren ............................................. J

I

CU? ........................... State ............... •

-----------------------i
Amazing Stories

Scientific Fiction

Vol. 5

 July, 1930

No. 4

In Our Next Issue

SKYLARK THREE, by Edward E. Smith, Ph.D.
(A Serial in three parts.) Part I. Just about two
years ago—specifically two years ago in the August
issue—we began that much lauded story, '‘The Sky-
lark of Space." Sincc that story was completed there
were innumerable requests for a sequel. Beginning
with the next issue—August—we begin the sequel in
a serial in three parts. “Skylark Three” is more
magnificent, swifter and more thrilling than the
other. We suggest that you order your magazines
now to make sure you get them.

WORLD ATAVISM, by Edmond Hamilton. We
know that the sun’s rays play an all-important part
in life processes, and in the present story it is taken
that they are constantly improving and evolving a
higher race of man. In this short story, Mr. Ham-
ilton uses, for him, an unusual theme, which he
weaves dexterously into a tale of considerable im-
portance.

THE INFERIORITY COMPLEX, by Miles J.
Breuer, M.D. According to the views oi some ox
us, a great many complacent people would be better
off if they had a strong infusion of the inferiority
complex given to them. Here wc have an eminent
authority giving us a wonderful bit of fantasy based
on higher physiological and psychical science. This
story is not only a romance of literary value, but
is really a treatise on various complexes of human
mentality.

THE LAST WAR, by Capt. S. P. Meek, U. S. A.
Who should be more authorized to write a story on
the wars of the future than an army man? Capt.
Meek is an army man. He has evolved a most
ingenious treatise on what man may do in the future
to conquer nations. It seems almost prophetic.

SOUTH POLE BERYLLIUM, LIMITED, by Peter
van Dresser. Beryllium is a metallic base of the
emerald and it is a metal which bids fair to enter
into industry, in a sense, the last development in
metallurgy, or about to be such. Admiral Byrd,
establishing himself at the South Pole, mapped those
almost unknown regions, so that the Antarctic is
now familiar to us. This story is particularly oppor-
tune at this time. Both subjects are fresh topics in
the world of science.

In Our July Issue

 A Visit to Suari

By A. Hyatt Merrill........................ 2j)2

Illustrated by Briggs

 The Driving Power

By Miles J. Brener, M.D..................... 306

Illustrated by We550

 Paradox + (Sequel)

By Charles Clov.key................. ........ 312

Illustrated by Paul

What Do You Know?

 (Science Questionnaire)..................... 323

Flamingo (A Drama of A. D. 1950)

By Clarence Edward Heller................. 324

Illustrated by Morey

 The Message from Space

By David M. Speaker....................... 330

Illustrated by Morey

 The Universe Wreckers

 (A Serial in 3 Parts) Part III

By Edmond Hamilton....................... 346

Illustrated by Wcsso

Discussions............................... 371

 In the Realm of Books

 (Mostly Scientific Fiction).................. 372

Otfr Cover

 this month depicts a scene from the story entitled, “The Message
 from Space,’* by David M. Speaker, in which an inhabitant from
 one of our satellites, which the author calls Astrax, is kclii trying
 to escape from the conquering intelligences of a neighboring planet.

Cover Illustration by Morey

 Published monthly by The Experimenter Publications, Inc., at 184-10 Jamaica Ave., Jamaica, N. Y.
 B. A. MACKINNON, President	H. K. FLY, Vice-President and Treasurer

  Price 25c a copy; subscription $3.00 a year in U. S. A., $3.50 a year
  in Canada, $4.00 in all foreign countries.

  Entered as second-class matter at Jamaica, N. Y., under act of March 3, 1879. Copyright, 1930, by the
  Experimenter Publications, Inc. The contents of this Magazine must not he reprinted without permission.

  We cannot be responsible for lost manuscripts, although every care is taken for their safety.

  Editorial and Executive Offices, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.

290
THE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENTIFICTION

                           T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Editor
MIRIAM BOURNE, Managing Editor
WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

 Editorial and General Offices: 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.........Cold Fact Tomorrow

Interplanetary Travel

                     By T. O’Conor Sloane, Ph.D.

IT is not safe at the present day to be incredulous about what
mankind is going to da in the near future. Professor Simon
Newcomb, who died in the year 1909, and who was one of
the leading astronomers of the world, announced his firm
belief that flying in a heavier-than-air machine was an
impossibility and would never be achieved by man. Professor
Langley, another of the world’s great scientists, distinguished for
liis researches on stellar heat, the inventor of the bolometer,
made fruitless experiments in flying and suffered much unfavor-
able comment and ridicule for his efforts. According to some
stories, he died largely of a broken heart bccausc he could not
achieve success. And now, when a flight is made across the
American Continent in a little over half a day, it is amazing to
think of what progress was made in the last twenty years.

   In early days, the Wright biplane, with its comparatively slow
revolving propellers and its clumsy chain drive, was really the
prominent flying machine and could go perhaps thirty or forty
miles an hour. All the machines of that date were so slow that
wind was a hazard, and students of aviation used to employ the
early morning hours, about sunrise, for their praciicc, because
that was the calmest period of the day. The crossing o£ the
British Channel by Bleriot in an airplane from France to Eng-
land was considered one of the great achievements of those
early days and was commemorated by a monument showing the
place where he landed.

   Now aviators are considering the possibility of crossing the
channel in a glider with no engine!

   It is fair to say that no invention of man has paralleled that
of flying in its development in the comparatively short time of
twenty years, for the last two decades have given airplanes a
range of flight about two hundred times greater than the early
attempts, and a rate of speed ten times that of the old Wright
machine. A flight with one passenger was something to be
talked about in those days. Today, one hundred people are con-
sidered a quite possible load for an airplane.

   And we have now arrived at a point of scientific development
when seemingly wild predictions might be safely indulged in.
Professor John Q. Stewart, Associate Professor of Astro-
nomical Physics in Princeton University, before the members
of the Brooklyn Institute of Arts and Sciences, declared that it
was his belief that in another twenty years airplanes will have
attained a speed of 1000 miles per hour. This is only three
times the maximum speed of the present, which is ten times
the speed of the early practical airplanes. It seems entirely
reasonable that a speed of 1000 miles per hour will he attained
long before the tune limit set by Prof. Stewart.

   But our professor goes further. lie believes that in the not
very distant future—specifically he names the year 2050-sufficient
speed will be realized to make possible succcssful flights to the
moon. Other difficulties exist for such trips, of course but
Prof. Stewart, among others, docs not think they are
insurmountable.

  At a height of five or six miles, the strain on an aviator is
almost unendurable, as the cold and rarefaction of the air are
extremely trying. Artificial heat, of course, could be provided
and some provision could probably be made to supply air for
breathing. Both of these would be absolutely necessary for inter-
planetary travel.

  The only kind of airship which we know of now that might
be used for trips through space is the reaction ship, driven on
the principle of the rocket. It is hard to see what other method
of propulsion could be used in the vacuum, which would be
reached a few miles above the surface of the earth.

  And here we find a double factor. The resistance to forward
motion in an airplane is due. of course, to the air. The famous
Paris gun, which bombarded Paris from a distance of 75 miles,
was able to do so largely because it shot its projectiles to a height
of 24 miles, where there was a very slight air resistance to oppose
the forward motion. This must also apply to interplanetary
travel.

  Once an interplanetary ship reached a height of twenty-five to
thirty miles from the earth, it could cut down its power as far
as forward progress is concerned. After a while, gravity too
would be diminished to the vanishing point, and a minimum
quantity of fuel would be required to keep the ship going. In
a region where gravitation would not be felt, on account of the
relative distances, as it might be from the moon and the earth,
it would seem that once any desired speed was reached, the power
could be shut off and the ship could go on almost indefinitely
without consuming fuel. We know that there are tremendous
energies in the elements. Hydrogen, atomized as in the wonder-
ful activated hydrogen blow-pipc, weight for weight has one
hundred times the energy of coal combining with oxygen.
Activated lithium, with its three electrons in the atom, repre-
sents sixteen times this energy. This makes it possible fpr
us to make the weight of fuel an absolutely minimum con-
sideration if it could be carried out

  On the face of it. the greater part of the journey would be
done without the exertion of any great power, and when the
zero point of gravitation was passed the speed would be acceler-
ated and reinforced by the pull of the moon or the planet, as the
case might be, which the aviators were approaching.

  The most obvious difficulty in interplanetary travel seems to
be the question of acceleration. Acceleration of high degree
might be fatal to passengers exposed to it, and it must be of a
high degree for the traversing of limitless space. Even the
maneuvers of a war airplane at its normal high speed are ex-
tremely trying to the occupants. It is thought, in fact, that in
extremely abrupt maneuvers, even death might ensue. Yet a
speed of three hundred miles an hour would be deadly slow fpr
cosmic travel.

  We hardly need authority for giving so many interplanetary
stories. It is interesting to think of how future generations may
read them as examples of what simple matters the ancients con-
sidered “impossible."

 291
A Visit to Suari

A Martian Comes to Earth

By A. Hyatt Verrill

Author of "The Bridge of Light,” “Death From the Skies,” etc.

      TT is undoubtedly a novel idea—on which this story is based—the separation of
      the protons and electrons and their transfer through space, to be recombined into
      their original form; that is, with reservations. The discovery of a means of trans-
      portation by means of disintegration 'would certainly solve a great many problems
      on interplanetary travel—to say nothing of shorter distance transportation. Mr.
      Verrill comes forward once more with an unusual treatment of a subject that is
      familiar to so many of us by this time—even to those who are not yet readers of
      AMAZING Stories. What are the other planets and their inhabitants like? What
      beings live upon them if they are inhabited? In “A Visit to Suari” our author
      gives us a touch of sarcasm that is pleasantly reminiscent of Dean Swift.

Illustrated by BRTGGS

CHAPTER I

Kespi-Nanay Returns

EXCITEMENT, speculation, wonder and inter-
est ran high in Sonko-Huara, for news had
been spread that Kespi-Nanay had returned.
It was almost as though a person had returned
from the dead. In a way, it was more amaz-
ing, for persons had been known to be resuscitated;
moreover, everyone knew that death was merely a state
and that the spirit that left one body took possession of
another. But Kespi-Nanay had not died. He had
merely disappeared—vanished completely—three Chu-
kitis (years) before, after declaring that he intended to
visit Suari, that great, glowing, mysterious planet that
from the very beginning of history had been a source of
wonder, of study and of baffling mystery to laymen and
scientists alike. It was the nearest planet to Sonko-
Huara—near, however, only by comparison—and sep-
arated by some forty-odd million Tuppus (miles) of
space. Yet through the ages the astronomers of Sonko-
Huara had learned much about their great, glowing
neighbor, that, like their own planet, raced about the sun
and rotated upon its own axis, so that the Sonko-Huaran
scientists knew that the seasons, the climate, the alternat-
ing days and nights of Suari must be very similar to their
own.

  Through their telescopes the astronomers of ancient
times had studied Suari; they had viewed its surface
from pole to pole and completely around its circumfer-

ence, for unlike Quilla (the moon), that presented only
one side to view as far as Suari is concerned, Suari pre-
sented every portion of its surface to the eyes of the
studious and curious inhabitants of Sonko-Huara.
Often, however, strange masses of dense vapor obscured
the big planet. Often, for long periods of time, certain
portions of Suari were completely blanketed by these im-
penetrable masses that so puzzled the scientists. Yet
always there were certain portions of its surface that
were free from the vapor. Innumerable speculations had
been raised by this phenomenon, for no such tenuous
veil ever hung over and above the surface of Sonko-
Huara.

  Always the sunshine or the moonlight streamed upon
it from a cloudless sky, and often, on moonless nights,
for they had their own moons, the glow from Suari illu-
minated the planet. Through the ages, too, much had
been learned of the surface of Suari. Over two-thirds
of the planet was covered with water (an amazing dis-
covery for the Sonko-Huarans whose planet was woe-
fully short of water and was, with the exception of polar
seas and inland seas, all land). Vast mountain ranges,
great canals (crooked and winding in most remarkable
manner) had been studied and mapped; immense masses
of ice had been seen to cover the polar regions, and the
astronomers were both astonished and puzzled to note
that the appearance of the land masses changed continu-
ally. At times they were white, at others brown, at
others green. Gradually they noticed that these altera-
tions followed a regular sequence, that they were re-
peated at fixed intervals and that they bore a direct rela-
primitive beings they must be to till the soil and raise
crops industries that had been abandoned, forgotten by
the Sonko-Huarans countless ages ago.

  Discussions ran high as to what these dwellers on the
other planet might be like. Were they formed like the
inhabitants of Sonko-Huara? Were they weird, mon-
strous, fearsome creatures? Or were they totally unlike
anything ever known or seen?

  Yet years had passed, centuries, as we measure them,
had slipped by before the suspicions of the Sonko-
Huaran scientists had been confirmed, before instru-
ments has been perfected to such a state that the
observers on Sonko-Huara could prove that Suari was
inhabited. Gradually the other planet had been brought
visually closer. It was an epochal discovery when lights
had been detected upon the dark area of Suari, lights

Excitement, speculation, wonder
and interest ran high in Sonko-
Huara, for news had been spread
that Kespi-Nanay had returned.

tionship to the position of the planet in reference to the
sun. Suddenly the Sonko-Huaran astronomers had had an
inspiration. Their neighboring planet must be inhabited!
It must be populated by intelligent beings not unlike
themselves! The change in colors must be the result of
these beings cultivating the land!

  The Sonko-Huaran astronomers, the scientists, even
the common people became greatly excited and intensely
interested in this theory. What manner of creatures
could dwell upon Suari ? What unthinkably strange and

293
294

AMAZING STORIES

obviously artificial. It had been a still more epochal dis-
covery when an astronomer of Sonko-Huara had seen a
city on the other planet. With cach new discovery of
this sort, each announcement that there was some new
and indisputable proof of the existence of sentient, intel-
ligent beings 011 Suari, eilorts to obtain a more intimate
knowledge had been redoubled.

  Ages before the return of Kespi-Nanay, after his mys-
terious absencc, the surface of Suari had been brought
optically within a few thousand miles of Sonko-Huara.
It was by this time an established fact that the other
planet was thickly populated by some sort of intelligent
beings. They had cities, towns, lights. They moved
from place to place. They dug canals, they leveled moun-
tains, they transformed the surface of their lands over
vast areas. Yet all the constant minute studies devoted
to them tended more and more to prove to the inhabi-
tants of Sonko-Huara that their neighbors forty million
miles away were immeasurably backward and behind-
hand, that, assuming them to be in the least similar to
the Sonko-Huarans, they were more or less in the same
state of civilization as the inhabitants of Sonko-Huara
had been in their prehistoric days. Their stupidity, as
assumed through reasoning and experiments, was abso-
lutely astounding. Not only was it evident that they still
made use of the archaic method of obtaining foods and
other necessities by agriculture, but in addition their
cities, as far as could be determined, were marvelous ex-
amples of the survival of ancient, long-abandoned bar-
barism.

  And despite every effort on the part of the denizens
of Sonko-Huara, the unintelligent creatures on Suari
failed to respond to the plain and simple signals that had
been devised to attract their attentions. The simplest
and most readily read messages had been formed on the
surface of Sonko-IIuara and had been displayed day
after day when the two planets were nearest to each
other, yet there had been no response, no answering sig-
nals. To be sure, the watchers load noticed strange
masses and groups of lights, but they were meaningless;
they conveyed nothing and it was decided they were
merely to illuminate some great gathering of the Suarans.

THEN had comc the strange, mysterious but wholly
undecipherable sounds that had first been detected
and reported by Kespi-Nanay, the greatest of living sci-
entists on Sonko-Huara. That they came from Suari,
he was convinced, and despite the scoffs of fellow scien-
tists, he boldly declared his conviction that they were
signals of some sort, sent out by the dwellers on Suari.
He pointed out that the sounds were articulate, that they
were not mechanical and hence must have originated in
the throat of some living creature. He also proved that
the same sounds were constantly repeated with carefully
timed intervals between each series of sounds. But he
was derided, ridiculed when he promulgated the theory
that beings on Suari—especially such barbarous, primi-
tive, stupid beings as all agreed they must be—could
project their voices across millions of miles of space.

  Even the Sonko-Huarans could not perform any such
feat and—asked one of the news-dispersers—if Kespi-
Nanay deemed the sounds to Ik; voices, why, with his
superior knowledge, could he not interpret the words?
But despite the fact that Kespi’s theories and beliefs
found few followers, interest, that had flagged for years,
was revived, and once more Suari became the center of
all interest, all speculations, all studies.

  Various wild schemes were suggested for visiting the
other planet. Learned scientists spent days and weeks
in abstruse calculations to prove that a trip to Suari was
not, scientifically speaking, impossible. All the ultra-
advanced knowledge of the inventors and scientists was
employed in trying to devise some means for making the
journey. There were gravitationally impelled machines,
machines that were designed to be hurled into space by
the rotational movement of the planet, machines of end-
less types. Yet in every case there was some impedi-
ment, some fatal fault that proved conclusively that none
would serve.

  Despite the logical warnings of the experts, several
actually were tried. One machine, impelled by the
power of a decomposing atom, left the surface of the
planet. It gathered speed so swiftly that it became in-
visible, but, a few moments later, a terrific explosion in
the upper atmosphere told the anxious and hopeful
watchers of its fate. Another machine, designed to
eliminate gravity as was done in the case of the ordinary
machines used for every-day travel, but with devices to
enable it to fly off at a tangent by the momentum of the
planet’s rotation, became incandescent and was trans-
formed to gas by its friction through the upper air. Still
another, by far the largest and most carefully planned
of all, was impelled and controlled by the recently dis-
covered Ethmic force and succeeded in winning clear of
Sonko-Huara’s atmospheric envelope. For the first
twenty-four hours its progress through space was
watched with bated breaths, and it seemed as if at last a
successful voyage to Suari was to be accomplished.

  But, about the thirtieth hour, it was seen that the ma-
chine’s course had changed. It was veering away from
the orbit of Suari and presently, to the horror of the
Sonko-Huarans, it was determined that beyond any pos-
sibility of doubt the apparatus had become a satellite of
the planet and was doomed forever to move around and
around the sphere like an attendant moon.

  Then, when everyone had given up all ideas of ever
being able to visit the fascinatingly mysterious Suari,
Kespi-Nanay had come out with his absolutely astound-
ing statements. Matter, he declared, was all imaginary.
It did not actually exist. It was merely a combination or
grouping of protons and electrons. This was by no
means a new theory. In fact, generations before Kespi
had been incubated and brought into existence, other
Sonko-Huaran scientists had promulgated exactly the
same theory. But nothing had ever come of it, no one
had ever been able conclusively to prove it. But Kespi-
Nanay claimed he could; he averred he had; and he in-
sisted that his discovery paved the way to visit Suari and
to return in safety.

  Naturally he once more became the target of derision,
ridicule, jokes and incredulity. To do a thing was not
enough; the important matter was to convince others.
Achievement amounts to nothing unless the public ad-
mits the fact of that achievement. Kespi was deter-
mined that his astonishing achievement should be ad-
mitted.

  So he announced that he would give a public demon-
stration of the truth of his claims. His promise was
more than fulfilled. Before a vast gathering—in fact,
before all the inhabitants, for by means of the univer-
sally employed vision-disseminators or Muri-Willyas, the
demonstration was visible everywhere upon the planet—
Kespi-Nanay caused a cube of metal, a tablet of Chocli-
Hanca or concentrated food, and even a Pilcu bird (the
A VISIT TO SUARI

295

only wild fowl on Sonko-Huara) to vanish before every-
one’s eyes. Then, as the people listened most attentively,
he stated that he had gone further with his experiments
than he had revealed hitherto. Not only, he informed
them, was matter merely the result of certain arrange-
ments of protons and electrons, each form of matter
so-called being the result of slightly varying combina-
tions, any or all of which might at will be broken up into
the independent quanta and so rendered invisible; but,
he went on, the same electrons could, by properly devised
instruments and treatment, be summoned back into their
original places with the protons.

  At these words an exclamation of incredulity arose
from thousands of lips. It might be possible—in fact,
was possible, as they had seen—that matter could be
forced to disappear. It was not so very remarkable
after all, they decided, for water was matter and yet it
could be made to evaporate and vanish. Moruli was
matter, yet it could be consumed by flame and made to
vanish without leaving a trace of ashes. But that mat-
ter, once it had vanished, could be restored to its original
state was too incredible.

  The next moment they began to have their doubts as
to their conviction. Kespi, as if reading their thoughts,
was speaking of these very things. Water, he was point-
ing out, could be recovered—was not this precisely what
happened daily? Did the sun not evaporate water, cause
it to vanish? Most assuredly. Yet did that water not
fall again as rain? And salts, dissolved in water and
hence destroyed as matter in their particular forms,
could, as all knew, be readily recovered. Why then, he
reminded them, was it so incredible to believe that metal,
living flesh—any object—could not be reformed by sum-
moning the protons and electrons, of which such matter
had been composed, and forcing them to group them-
selves as in the first place?

  Hardly had he spoken when, by seemingly magical
means, the cube of metal, the heap of food, the bird were
once again before him—conjured from nothingness,
from the air.

  A deafening roar of approbation and applause greeted
his demonstration and drowned his next words. When
order and silence had been restored, he made bis most
astonishing statement of all. Not only could an object
be restored, rebuilt from its original protons and elec-
trons, but he informed the amazed people it could be
rebuilt in a totally different locality from that in which
it had been disintegrated. And to prove this incredible
statement, he proceeded to cause the three objects to van-
ish and to reappear almost instantaneously several hun-
dred feet distant.

  The people by this time were beyond expressing their
wonder. Rut still more astonishing things were to be
vouchsafed them. “My discovery,” observed Kespi,
"will be the means of solving that ages-old problem of
making a visit to Suari. Because, my friends, whereas
matter, as we know it, may not travel through space by
any known means—and if it were possible for it to do
so ages would be required for it to traverse such a Tuppu
as separates us from Suari—the constituent electrons
and protons of matter can traverse space unharmed and
with such extreme speed that they may be said to travel
instantaneously. Hence an object may be reduced to its
free quanta or portions here 011 Sonko-Huara and within
an inconceivably short time afterwards they may be re-
assembled in the original material form on Suari or else-
where. Distance, space has no effect upon them. Ah,

you ask, how do I know this? By reasoning, by logic,
by the unalterable laws of the universe,” he exclaimed.
“I can assure you that I can make this metallic cube van-
ish, and before you have realized it has gone, it will be
in its original form somewhere upon the surface of

Suari. But-” with a laugh, “of course it might be

beneath the waters of that planet, and equally, of course,
you could not see such a small object on distant Suari,
and hence I could not prove my claims. But”—his tones
were so impressive, so earnest that everyone awaited
breathlessly for his next words—“but,” he repeated, “so
sure am I of my deductions, so convinced that my rea-
soning is correct, that I plan to test the matter on my-
self. Tomorrow I shall cause myself to be disintegrated,
and—if all goes well—shall cause myself to be reassem-
bled upon Suari. In other words, I shall be transported
—not as a body of matter but as countless trillions of
electronic and protonic units—through forty million
Tuppus of space and will find myself in material form
upon that mysterious planet.

  “Of course,” he smiled, “I run a slight risk. I, like
the metallic cube, might be reassembled in the water. I
might be reformed in some other equally unpleasant and
fatal situation. But that is a chance I must take. The
promise of the adventure is worth risks. Personally,
however, I do not foresee any such difficulties. My ex-
periments have proved to my own satisfaction that 1 can
cause an object, reduced to its constituent electrons and
protons, to form again within a very restricted area, pre-
determined by myself. I have selected the area on Suari,
where, if all goes well, I shall be reformed. It is a spot
that is somewhat remote from the strange collections of
structures, which we assume to be refuges of the Suari-
ans, and in an area that—not having presented the alter-
nating colors indicating the presence of living beings—
is, we assume, uninhabited. I do not”—he smiled—
“particularly desire to appear suddenly and as if by some
supernatural means in the immediate vicinity of a Sua-
rian or of several Suarians. We may feel fairly certain
from our observations and studies that they are a primi-
tive, backward and not over-intelligent lot, and probably
therefore as superstitious and as readily startled as were
our own ancestors in the remote past when they, too, de-
pended upon the cultivation of the soil for their liveli-
hood. I might be struck down—even devoured by the
creatures before I had an opportunity to make my
friendly intentions and my physical actuality understood.
Moreover, as we have no conception of the physical pe-
culiarities of the inhabitants of Suari, I might, and prob-
ably would, appear as a strange, bizarre and monstrous
creature to them. Naturally wc assume that, as Suari is
many times the bulk of Sonko-Huara, its inhabitants
will lie proportionately gigantic, and hence I would be
completely at their mercy.

  “But”—with a sigh—“I shall take the risks. My
greatest fear is that T may not find it possible to return
to Sonko-Huara. Conditions on Suari may preclude the
possibility of my reversing the process by which I leave
here and reappear on Suari. Naturally I shall take my
instruments with me, but atmospheric, elcctrical, gravi-
tational—a thousand conditions—may interfere with
their proper operation on that planet. However, we have
no reason to think that such conditions are not very simi-
lar to our own. The examinations and tests we have
been able to make convince us of that. So, my friends
and fellow Sonko-Huarans, tomorrow at the time of
Kora-Ma. when Suari is nearest to us in its orbit, I shall
296

AMAZING STORIES

cause myself to vanish. I may never return or again I
may reappear among you at any time. But if I do not,
my loss will amount to little, whereas if I do, I shall have
learned the truth of our neighboring planet.”

KESPI had kept his word. In sight of all, at the hour
of Kora-Ma, he had bade the public farewell and,
an instant later, he and his compact instruments had van-
ished before their eyes.

  And now, three Chukitis after that dramatic disap-
pearance, Kespi-Nanay had returned! Micchu-Tay had
been the first to see him. The old fellow had been in-
specting the local vitamin plant near Ir-Chu when a slight
sound had attracted him, and wheeling about, he saw
Kespi-Nanay standing almost by his side. But as fear,
fright, superstition and the sensation of being startled
had, ages before, been lost to the Sonko-Huarans, Mic-
chu-Tay had merely expressed mild astonishment, and
instantly had sent the news flying throughout the planet
by means of the thought disseminator, which he, like
everyone else, carried always with him.

  Yes, Kespi-Nanay had unquestionably returned. He
had altered in no way, and he declared that he had been
on Suari for three Chukitis; moreover he would publicly
relate all his experiences in the Muru-Ti, so that all the
inhabitants of the planet might, if they so desired, both
see and hear him, for the Muru-Ti or public auditorium
was equipped with the vision-disseminators as well as the
audio-extensors that rendered him both visible and audi-
ble to all on the planet, who cared to adjust their instru-
ments for the purpose.

CHAPTER II

First Impressions

NEVER in the historic eras of Sonko-Huara had
there been greater, more wide-spread interest and
expectation than were caused by Kespi-Nanay's
announcement. At last, after ages of surmises, of
studies, of deductions, none of which had answered the
puzzle, the truth of Suari and its denizens would be
learned. No one doubted for a moment that Kespi had
actually visited the other planet. His demonstrations,
three years earlier, had removed all doubts as to his
claim, and while everyone had long since come to the
conclusion that he had either failed to materialize on
Suari or, having materialized thereon, had been de-
stroyed or had been unable to return, the fact that he had
returned convinced them that his amazing undertaking
had been a complete success.

  A universal holiday had been announced, to continue
until Kespi had completed his narrative. But this was
really superfluous, for 110 one would have attended to his
or her duties anyway and. moreover, the Apus and
Amautus, even the Tarancas, could be counted on to be
present to hear and see the returned interplanetary
wanderer, and without them the public would have been
as helpless and as futile in accomplishment as an ant
without its antennae.

  Hence practically every being on Sonko-Huara gave
undivided attention to Kespi-Nanay when he entered
the great auditorium of Muru-Ti and, seating himself
between the Amautu-Ka and the Apu-Inki, proceeded to
tell his fellow Sonko-Huarans of his amazing and almost
incredible discoveries and experiences on Suari. And
often, as he spoke, his listeners unconsciously and in-

voluntarily glanced, half-fearfully, at the great golden
hemisphere of Suari in the sky, as if actually expecting
to see some of the strange beings or marvelous sights
that Kespi-Nanay was describing. “As you all know,”
he began, “I caused my material body, together with my
instruments, to be disintegrated here three Chukitis ago.
Of that disruption of my protonic and electronic com-
ponent parts, or of my instantaneous flight through space
I have no recollections. I have a dim memory, like that
of an evasive dream, of strange sensations, of whirling
madly like a bit of dust. But my next actual concrete
sensation, after I turned on my disintegrating and pro-
jecting device, was one of standing in a strange place. T
felt so natural, so precisely as if nothing had happened
that, for a fleeting moment, I feared nothing had hap-
pened, that my experiment had failed. But a glance at
my surroundings reassured me. Nothing was familiar.
Never had I imagined such a spot. I was standing 011 a
far-reaching area of rocky sand. Above me was the blue
sky, and across it stretched masses of the same white
vapor we have seen so often about Suari. Also, there
in the sky, was Quilla, but appearing very small and far
away.

  “On one side rose high, bare mountains, on the other
the plain stretched to the horizon, and within a short
distance of where 1 stood I saw an amazing sight. There,
staring at me, curiously but apparently unafraid, and not
even surprised, were a number of the inhabitants of the
land. Never had I seen such impossible creatures. No
Sonko-Huaran imagination could have conceived of such
beings, and even if I describe them to you, my friends,
you cannot picture them to yourselves. They were brown
or black, shaggy-skinned and stood on four legs. Their
necks were long, thin and bore elongated heads with im-
mense ears and large dark eyes. They appeared intelli-
gent, and judging that they must be more intelligent than
we of Sonko-Huara had thought, I addressed them. They
evidently heard my words, for they moved their ears, but
they made no reply. Of course 1 was not surprised. I
had hardly expected that the Suarians would understand
our language. So I made signals, but the Suarians
showed no signs of understanding.

  “They appeared peaceful and quite harmless, so cau-
tiously I approached them. I was quite close to them
when they turned abruptly and moved off. Evidently
they were suspicious of me, and desiring to let them know
I intended 110 harm, I spoke again. This time they
turned about and took a few steps in my direction. I was
delighted. I felt that they must understand my tones,
even if not the meaning of my words.

  “Then a most amazing thing happened. Another
creature appeared from behind a rock. He was much
smaller than the first inhabitants and he stood upon two
legs! Ah, I know you will find it hard to credit that
statement, but it is the truth. And you can find it 110 more
difficult to believe, as I tell it, than I found it, as I saw
it. A living intelligent being on two feet like a bird, and
other living intelligent beings 011 four feet! Obviously
we had never guessed the truth, Suari was inhabited by
two forms of beings, and I wondered if it could be pos-
sible both were the same species—if one were male, the
other female or if one was the young of the other. But
the two-legged creature differed in every respect from
those of four legs. He, too, I noticed, possessed four
limbs but he stood on but two and used the other two for
grasping objects, as we use our members, whereas the
creatures on four legs possessed no limbs for grasping.
A VISIT TO SUARI

297

Moreover, the two-legged being was red in color, his
skin appeared to hang in loose folds from his neck, and
yet his limbs were of a different brown color and of a
distinct texture. Neither was his neck long nor his
head elongated. On the contrary, he had scarcely any
neck. Ilis head was round but rose to a point at the top;
his ears were deformed until they were scarcely more
than orifices; he had no horns; liis eyes were but two in
number, and in the front of his head; the rear portion
being covered with a rough wool or fur; and his mouth
showed no tusks.

  “He stared at me for a space and then spoke, and to
my astonishment I found I could comprehend his words,
even though they were different from our own. I
gathered that he asked who I ftas arid whence I came.
So I replied that my name was Kespi-Nanay and that I
came from Sonko-Huara. His mouth widened in a
most remarkable manner; he appeared to understand.
But all this time I was filled with astonishment. He did
not appear to be terrified or even amazed at my appear-
ance, as I had expccted he would be at seeing for the first
time a visitor from another sphere. Surely. I thought,
my form—I glanced down at myself and gasped in utter
amazement. I was not myself. I had but two legs, two
arms! Half-fearfully I raised my hand to my head. My
horns had vanished, my soft pendant ears had disap-
peared, my magnificent tusks no longer protruded from
my lips, my tentacular antennae were missing! Fur, not
scales, covered my head, my ears were mere holes; in
short I was the exact counterpart of the two-legged crea-
ture before me. I was dumbfounded. I felt as if in a
dream. Then suddenly, I understood. The constituent
electrons of my being, when reassembled with my pro-
tons upon Suari, had produced my material body in the
form of a Suarian.

  “It was a contingency I had not foreseen; yet, now I
considered it, it seemed perfectly natural. The condi-
tions of Suari that had resulted in the molding of such
puny, underdeveloped, physically imperfect beings as the
creature before me (and myself) controlled the combin-
ing of the electrons and forced them to produce Suarian
forms. No doubt, I decided, were a Suarian to 1* trans-
ported to Sonko-Huara by the methods I had used, he
would be materialized in the form of a Sonko-Huaran.
But I was thankful that I had assumed the form of the
two-legged inhabitant rather than that of the beings with
four legs, who—though they appeared far more intelli-
gent—seemed dumb, for as yet they had uttered no
sound. I was astonished also that I could converse with
the strange creature of the two legs. For a space I
thought that possibly the same laws and conditions that
had so altered my body to a Suarian form had affected
my mind and my speech to a similar extent. But no, the
words the other being used were so familiar, so nearly
identical with those of my own tongue, I cast aside that
theory. By some amazing coincidence, or for some un-
known reason which I might yet discover, there was a
very close relationship between the two languages.

“T)UT my speculations on such matters were inter-
-D rupted by the appearance of two more lyings. One
was precisely like the first two-legged being, the other
was quite different. The head was similar, but the
colors of the strangely loose skin were brilliant and the
creature appeared to have no legs, the body extending in
a solid mass to within a short distance of the ground.
This was the more remarkable as the being possessed feet

that appeared to move back and forth under the solid
body in a most amazing manner. It was not until much
later that I learned that this being was the female of the
others and that it actually possessed legs, which were
concealed by artificial layers of skin that the Suarians call
‘clothes.’ In fact, T found to my astonishment that all
the loose, bright-colored coverings I had seen were arti-
ficial and that the true skin fitted the body closely and
was very smooth, soft and pleasing in shade, although, as
I shall explain, the tint ranged from a very dark, black-
ish-brown to almost pure white, a truly remarkable con-
dition. It was also, I learned, considered very wrong
and a proof of barbarism to appear without the arti-
ficial skin over one's body, and the beings I first met,
stared at me and uttered strange sounds with their
mouths widely open, because I was not provided with
such coverings. Presently, however, the creature, who,
I found later was the female spoke to one of the others
who pulled a portion of the coverings from his own per-
son and placed it over me. The others added more pieces
until I was covered similarly to themselves. To me these
things were most uncomfortable, feeling very rough and
irritating to my body, and I would have liked to have
cast them off. But I wished to remain on friendly terms
with the strange beings and (at the time) thinking it was
perhaps a rite or ceremony indicative of friendship, I
bore the discomfort. Why these beings of Suari should
have developed such habits is beyond me. Their bodies,
ugly and deformed as they were, were far more sym-
metrical and admirable without the artificial coverings,
but I was not so much surprised when, later, I found
that some such protection was required for the creatures’
bodies, their skins being most tender and easily injured,
not being guarded like our own by strong scales that are
replaced by new growths when injured. In fact, in-
juries which we would consider slight often caused the
total disability or death of these Suarians. for they are so
low in the scale of nature and so primitive in their de-
velopment, that they cannot replace even a lost append-
age or limb with new growths like ourselves. Moreover,
although the variations in their climate are not as great as
on Sonko-Huara, yet as these miserable beings do not
alter their natural bodies to suit conditions, but remain al-
ways the same, they are, perforce, compelled to adapt
themselves to the weather by varying the artificial skins
or ‘clothing’.

  “But to return to the strange beings I first met. Hav-
ing been covered with the objects, as I have stated, and
thus made to appear even more like the three creatures,
they seemed to he more friendly, and one of them did a
most astounding thing. He produced a peculiar object
which he inserted in his mouth. Then, to my unbounded
astonishment, he magically caused fire to spring into
being in his hand, and placing the flame against the ob-
ject in his mouth, he breathed in the fire and emitted
smoke from his nostrils. Never would I have believed
such a feat possible had I not witnessed it with my own
eyes, yet the others appeared not to be surprised. In
fact they also produced their own fire-machines and soon
all three were breathing fire. I noticed, however, that
the tour-legged beings did not do so, which convinced me
that they were the superior beings and that the others
were probably servants or inferiors. Yet this thought
troubled me, for in that case I had been reformed on
Suari not as the superior hut as the inferior type, which
would indicate that the Sonko-Huarans were inferior to
the Suarians. But I had little time to dwell on this, for
298

AMAZING STORIES

one of the two-legged creatures was offering me a fire-
machine. I drew back in horror at the thought of breath-
ing flame, but the being appeared so perturbed by my act
that, feeling I must use every care to retain their friend-
ship if I were to learn all 1 desired of their ways, I
summoned all my courage and placed the machine in my
lips. To my surprise there was no fire nor heat, and
though I carefully breathed in smoke, the sensation was
not unpleasant, although it caused me to cough and choke
somewhat. Obviously, I concluded, this breathing of
smoke was a ceremony, perhaps indicative of friendship,
for presently the three laid aside their machines, as 1 did
mine, without as far as I could determine having ac-
complished anything. But, I thought, if this strange
custom is universal among the Suarians (as I found later
it was) and if the planet was thickly inhabited, it ex-
plained the masses of vapor that hung above Suari’s
surface and had so greatly puzzled us of Sonko-Huara.

  “Having ended the smoke ceremony, the three rose
from where they had been seated, and inviting me to ac-
company them, they moved forward. To my amaze-
ment, the four-legged beasts moved with them. In fact,
the two-legged creatures appeared to command the
obedience of the superior four-legged creatures, and
though the latter were far larger and stronger than those
with two legs, they made no resistance, even when the
others struck them with rods to urge them onwards.
And now my mind was quite upset, for here was proof
that those I had mistaken for inferior beings were the
superior inhabitants of Suari. However, it made me
feel a bit easier, for it proved that the form I had as-
sumed was that of the superior beings.

  “Presently we approached some great masses of stone
that were in ruins, but which it was evident had been
erected by living beings, and I stopped and stared with
incredulous eyes, for upon one of the stones was carved
the figure of a Sonko-Huaran! It was quite unmistakable.
The numerous appendages and tentacles, the horns, tusks,
lobe-like ears, even the scales and other details were dis-
tinct. What did it mean? Were there beings like our-
selves upon Suari—perhaps the rulers of the planet!

  “I turned to one of the two-legged creatures and asked
him. For a moment he seemed puzzled. Then he re-
plied that the figure on the stone had been there always,
that in past ages it had been adored by his ancestors
and regarded as a god. I asked him if similar beings
lived near and at that he and his companions made
strange bellowing sounds and their mouths opened until
their short useless teeth were exposed, and they said
there were no such creatures in existence, even if there
ever had been in the past. I told them they were quite
wrong; that upon my planet all beings were of that sort
and that I myself was the same when on Sonko-Huara.
They regarded me with most peculiar expressions, ob-
viously with unbelief, and presently again gave way to
their strange sounds, which I may as well explain were
their indications of derision and hilarity. Evidently
they thought my words were a great joke.

AS we continued on our way, my mind was busy
wondering: if there were no Sonko-Huarans on
Suari, how could the inhabitants ages before have been
familiar with the appearance of our race? Then I re-
called the ancient legend of our people, wherein it is told
a great Apu named Pakak produced magic, and to escape
his enemies, flew with his followers from Sonko-Huara
and vanished forever. Was it not possible that there was

truth in the tale and that Pakak and his fellows might
have reached Suari? I do not know, but throughout
the portion of Suari where first I arrived 1 found many
images and statues of the Sonko-Huaran forms, and in
the traditions of the people, there was a being they called
Pachak. But I had so many other strange and astonish-
ing things to interest me that I gave little thought to such
speculations. We soon came to a deep valley and there
the brown earth was hidden under rich green, and water
flowed in canals as it does on Sonko-IIuara. But the
canals were tiny affairs and the green was, as we have
long ago surmised, the color of the vegetation of Suari.
In the valley also, was the collection of structures wherein
the Suarians dwelt, for incredible as it may seem, these
beings dwell in cubicles^losely placed in groups and herd
together like swarms of insects. Their strange reasons
for so doing I learned later and I will leave the explana-
tion until I speak of the larger groups of structures that
I visited subsequently.

  “In this first group were hordes of the two-legged
creatures, males, females and young, but no two exactly
alike, for not only do the Suarians vary individually, but,
as I found later, there are many races of them, varying
in color, in size and in every respect, even as to intelli-
gence and culture—all working at cross-purposes and
even fighting with one another. But in this first place I
visited all were of one color or nearly so and of one
race, although their artificial skins varied in color and
form.

  “Also, to my amazement, I discovered that the four-
legged beasts were not artificially covered, but that the
shaggy coverings actually grew upon them, yet they were
inferior creatures and mere slaves of the two-legged
beings. More surprising still, I found that these were
not the only slaves. There were giant creatures with
horns upon their heads; there were smaller beings with
immensely large ears and big heads that served the two-
legged creatures as beasts of burden; there were still
smaller four-legged Suarians that possessed sharp teeth
and that appeared savage and uttered sharp barking
sounds when strangers approached, but were docile with
those they knew; and there were many other four-legged
things as well as hosts of birds larger than the Pilcus.
All of these I learned were kept in captivity by the two-
legged beings and were forced to labor for them, which
was most strange, for many were superior in intelligence
and in senses to their stupid and backward masters. Al-
though you may not believe it, yet it is a fact that the
two-legged inhabitants of Suari—men and women as they
are called—are so deficient in sense development that they
cannot see scent nor sound; they cannot hear light nor
scent, and they cannot smell sound nor light. Their eyes,
of which they have but two, are used only for seeing that
which is the result of light waves. Their ears, which are
mere holes in their heads, are useful only in detecting
sound vibrations, and their noses which also are holes in
their heads, can only detcct odors. Moreover, being thus
deficient and unable to use their three sense organs in
unison or to substantiate one another, the Suarians are
lamentably deficient in sight, hearing and scent. Many
of their captive creatures arc far superior to them in these
respects, and it is a most amazing fact that the so-called
superior beings actually keep the so-called inferior
creatures (especially those with the sharp teeth and bark-
ing sounds) because the latter possess keener sight, hear-
ing and scent than their masters and hence serve as
additional ears, noses and eyes and warn their masters
A VISIT TO SUARI

299

of many events and perils of which otherwise they would
be ignorant.

  “Of course, being materialized in the form of a
Suarian, 1 was to a great extent like them, but in my
mind and my senses I had not changed, and though the
alteration in the structure of my eyes, ears and nose
rendered me less sensitive than normally and though lack-
ing my horns I could not receive thought messages—still
I could detect many things that the Suarians could not.
For example, I was aware that the various four-legged
creatures were conversing among themselves, and while
T could not understand their languages, it proved how
degenerate and undeveloped were the two-legged people,
for in all my travels I found none who could hear the
voices of the fonr-legged creatures when they conversed
in normal tones.

  “When I first reached the abiding place of the three
beings I had met on the plain, I found many of the fe-
males performing mysterious rites over fires. At first
I thought that sacrifices were being offered, so you may
judge of my astonishment when I discovered that they
actually were preparing food! To these benighted back-
ward and stupid beings sustenance is the main object in
their life. All their efforts are bent towards providing
food. They labor and strive and live with the one end
of keeping life in their bodies by means of food. And
imagine, if you can, what their food is! We have long
ago decidcd that the Suarians must still adhere to the
prehistoric, archaic method of cultivating the soil and
raising crops for sustenance. This I found was the
ease, but they go even farther back. They actually kill
their captive beasts and birds and devour them! And
the poor, deluded, ignorant creatures have never learned
that all they obtain in the way of food by such round-
about means may be secured with little effort and no
waste from the air, water and earth direct.

“TMAGINE, laboring to prepare the soil, sowing seeds,
A raising vegetation and devouring the resulting plants
in order to supply their bodies with the elements that are
derived from the air, earth and water by the plants 1 And
imagine, if you can, the still more roundabout, clumsy
and wasteful method of rearing such plants, feeding them
to beasts and then killing the beasts in order to extract
the few atoms of sustenance needed, and which have been
gathered by means of the plants and transferred to the
flesh of the beasts! And the beasts’ carcasses, the waste
material of the crops, are used to supply the elements
for more plants and more beasts to provide more sus-
tenance for these Suarians in a vicious, never-ending
circle. You would be absolutely astounded were I to
describe what and how these beings eat. So great is the
waste material in all they call food that one family is
forced to devour daily material whose bulk would equal
the amount of concentrated foods required to feed our
entire population! Though they boastfully declare them-
selves intelligent, highly civilized beings, even scientists,
yet never have they learned that all elements of life, force,
energy are distributed about them and may be extracted
directly and with little effort from their surroundings,
without being put through the clumsy extraction process
of plants, flesh and fowl. Though their more learned
members realize that all energy and power is derived
from the sun, yet never have they learned how to employ
the energy and power of the sun directly. Instead, they
follow the same roundabout methods as in producing
food products.

   They burn materials, release the stored energy,
 waste the greater part of it by the employment of crude
 mechanisms, capture and control a small percentage of
 the energy they have released, and by a complicated, in-
 volved method make use of this small remaining portion
 of the energy for their purposes.

   “I was simply appalled at the terrific, criminal waste
 everywhere. Fortunate indeed are the Suarians in pos-
 sessing a large planet still young and rich in its natural
 resources and elements. Yet even so the waste is so
 stupendous that, within a short time, the Suarians will
 have exhausted the life essentials of their planet and will
 perish miserably from their own lack of foresight, if
 they do not advance and improve intellectually to the
 point reached by our forefathers countless ages ago. But
 all these things I learned little by little as I moved about,
 for in that first nest of the beings I learned very little.
 In fact I soon discovered that the beings I had by chance
 first encountered were a very inferior and backward lot,
 for unlike ourselves, all of whom are given the same in-
 telligence, the same senses, the identical bodily powers,
 the denizens of Suari are of innumerable grades of in-
 telligence, of bodily development and of sense acute-
 ness. Partially these variations are due to race, partly
 they are due to climate, partly to surroundings, but very
 largely to the fact that the Suarians, no matter of what
 race, learn only by example, by being taught by others.
 They have no instinctive knowledge and the offspring of
 the most intelligent and advanced, if reared apart or amid
 the inferior members of the population, reach maturity as
 stupid and backward as the offspring of those about them.
 On the other hand, the young of interior and unintelli-
 gent beings, if reared and taught by those of the superior
 classes, may and often do, excel their mentors in attain-
 ments.

   There has been some effort made to bring about
 a general and universal improvement of the population
 by a system of education, but it has amounted to very
 little as far as I could judge by even careful study and
 observation.

   “Mingled with the other strange and paradoxical fea-
 tures of these beings is a curious feeling of independence,
 a desire for personal liberty that, considering the con-
 ditions that exist, is most amusing. Though robbed
 completely of all real freedom, completely subservient
 to rulers, leaders, law makers and countless cunning
 members of their race; content to be ordered about, to be
 forced to sacrifice their lives and to destroy others at the
 demands of those they have never seen and do not know
 and with whose quarrels they have no concern, yet they
 rise and refuse to listen to any innovation that is for the
 good of their race, such as the regulation and rearing of
 their progeny by duly appointed authorities, the regula-
 tion of their food in quality and quantity, the destruction
 of the unfit—the imbeciles and cripples—and the thou-
 sand and one ideas that we of Sonko-Huara have long
 ago adopted and which, as proved by exj>erience, appear
 to be the most admirable and beneficial rulings for the
 community as a whole.

   “But I am getting too far ahead of my experiences.
 All diese matters I learned long after I left the beings I
 ■“first met and after I had found and mingled with the
 white Suarians who claim—and perhaps rightfully—to
 be the most intelligent and progressive of the inhabitants
 of the planet which they call the ‘earth’ or the ‘world’ and
 who call Sonko-Huara by the name of ‘Mars'.
300

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER III

The Monsters of Suari

NE of the earliest discoveries I made was that all
Suarians—or as they call themselves, ‘human
beings’ were not of the same race and that no
language was universal to all. This came about through
the arrival of a remarkable being in the community where
I had first arrived. He came across the plain, a gigantic,
four-legged creature with two bodies and heads, the most,
terrifying monster it is possible to imagine. One body
was rough, hairy, immense, with a heavy neck fringed
with long hair, and bearing a great bony head with
pointed cars, staring eyes, snorting nostrils and great yel-
low teeth. The other body resembled that of the two-
legged beings but sprouted from the larger body's back.
It bore two arms and a small round head with features
somewhat like those of the men I had seen, but covered
with dark fur, and with the skin, where it showed, a pe-
culiar pink. The monster came rushing onwards and to
my amazement the beings of the place showed no fear
nor did they endeavor to flee from the fury and destruc-
tion of the oncoming creature.

  “Had I not been of Sonko-Huara I should have sought
safety in flight, though so swift was the pace of the
thing that it would have been hopeless. Even as it was
I felt dread, yet I stood my ground, and was still more
amazed to observe that the four-legged things, even those
smaller ones with the sharp teeth and yelping voices, did
not dash away in terror. On the contrary they ran snap-
ping at the monster who made no attempt to destroy
them. The next moment it was close at hand. It came to
a halt and I stared, unable to credit my senses, for be-
fore my wondering eyes the monster separated into two
portions. The smaller body with its head broke away
from the other! It sprang to the ground, and to my
utter amazement I discovered that it was a separate
being, a creature with two legs, in form precisely like
myself and the others, while the other portion was a dis-
tinct creature, a four-legged being unlike anything 1 had
seen. The two-legged being spoke in an unknown tongue
and at his bidding the beings about fled to obey him.
They seized his four-legged companion, who seemed
strangely docile for such a monster, and took him off;
they led the two-legged being to a cubicle, and they hur-
ried to bring him food and drink. Here indeed, was a
strange happening. He seemed scarcely different from
the others, he wore similar coverings upon his head and
body and feet, and he appeared no more intelligent than
those who treated him like a superior being.

  “Why, I wondered, was he so regarded ? I questioned
one of the heings, who by now had come to regard me as
one of themselves, and he looked at ine with amazement.
The being who had arrived upon the monster a/ay a
superior being. I was told, for he was white. Anxious
to learn more of such a strange creature. T endeavored to
converse with the ‘white,' but to my surprise he made
no reply and seemed not to understand my words. I felt
T had been deceived, for he appeared most unintelligent
and made loud coarse sounds through the fur over his
mouth. But the others told me that the whites spoke an-
other language, that, in order to converse with them, it
was necessary to acquire that language. How strange,
how different from Sonko-Huara where all speak the
same tongue, where those attuned may converse by word-
less thoughts!

  “That was my first meeting with a white Suarian.
Learning there were many of the race not far distant,
that they were even more numerous than those beings of
brown skin, and being told they were superior and ruled
the whole of Suari, 1 devoted myself to acquiring a
knowledge of their tongue from one of my friends.
With my senses and mind so far above those of the Suar-
ians, I found this an easy task and very soon knew all
the being could teach me. By this time, however, the
first white Suarian had departed, having again joined
himself with his four-legged creature. I learned in which
direction I must travel to reach the spot where the
whites dwelt and I set forth.

  “In my Sonko-IIuaran form, with my many legs and
limbs and my powerful body I would have found the
journey trifling, but I possessed the puny form of the
Suarians and the two feet, all that belonged to it, soon
grew weary. To rest them I seated myself, and pres-
ently, in the distance, I beheld a cloud of dust. It ap-
proached nearer and I saw it wras caused by a terrible,
frightful, gigantic monster, beside which the creature of
the white Suarian was nothing. It emitted terrifying
roars and growls, it possessed immense, glaring, fiery
eyes, and it breathed fire and smoke.

  “It approached with amazing speed, and hopelessly I
gazed about seeking some escape from its wrath. But I
was too weary to run and the horrible, screaming thing
was almost upon me. How can I descril>e the thoughts
that flashed through my brain ? IIow little had I dreamed
that there would be so many forms, such terrifying
creatures upon Suari! No wonder the beings I had met
had remained primitive, archaic, had not developed any
intelligence, when such monsters as that rushing on me
were about!

  “Had I had time I would have adjusted my instru-
ments, would have caused my body to disintegrate and
appear elsewhere. Rut I had no time. And yet, so
swift are thoughts, that I found myself marveling that
I had not thought to make use of my device in order to
reach the place of the white Suarians, instead of wearily
walking there. But it was too late, the devastating
monster was upon me. I shook with terror, I, a Sonko-
Huaran, but you must recall that I was, bodily, a Suarian.
I felt my end had come, as with a screech and a roar
the giant beast came to a halt close to where I stood.
Even at a standstill it was terrifying. Yet I scarcely
glanced at it, for my eyes were fixed upon something
else I had not before seen. Upon the monster’s back was
one of the white Suarians!

  “Evidently he was the monster’s master. He held it
under his control, just as the other while had controlled
his monster. I breathed more freely, remembering the
other. If the white being were friendly, he would not
allow his ravenous creature to destroy me and all might
be well. And I noticed now that the monster itself ap-
peared quite docile, quite peaceful, staring fixedly ahead
with its four round eyes, breathing heavily but remaining
motionless. No wonder, I thought, the brown heings re-
gard these whites as superior, if they can thus master
such horrifying monsters. And as the white appeared
friendly I gathered courage. Presently he spoke, using
the tongue I had learned, and asking me whither I was
going and if I was not weary. I replied that I was going
to where I might find the whites and that my feet were
weary; also that T had been terrified at his monster.

  “For a moment he appeared puzzled, as if not under-
standing my newly acquired words. Then he gave vent
A VISIT TO SUARI

301

to those loud bellowing noises, the Suarians employ
to denote mirth. At last he ceased. He made some
remark of which I knew not the import, something about
a ‘queer fish.’ Then he asked whence I came, and when I
told him Sonko-Huara, he declared he had never heard
of the place. Then he startled and amazed me by asking
if I would care to ‘hop- in,’ meaning, T found, would I
care to mount the monster, I drew back, asking if the
creature might not resent my presence, at which he made
more bellowing sounds and his skin turned curiously
red.

  “He assured me, however, that the monster was harm-
less and ‘tame,’ and with misgivings, but desiring to prove
a Sonko-Huaran knows no fear, I mounted the creature’s
back. Judge of my utter bewilderment when, as T did
so, I discovered that the thing was no living creature but a
machine!

  “The next instant it was in motion; we were rushing
across the plain and though the motion was rough and
unpleasant compared to that of our projectors, yet I en-
joyed its novelty. Undoubtedly, I was convinced, the
whites were far superior to the browns, and I wondered
if the monstrous creature on which the first while had
appeared had also been a machine. But I learned it was
not, when, in our mad rush, I saw others of the same sort
with whites upon them. But also I saw others upon
which were browns, and once we met a machine like that
in which we were and in which, to my astonishment, was
a brown-skinned being. I was hopelessly confused. As
far as I could see the whites and browns seemed equal in
intelligence.

“COON we reached the place of the whites. Here were
many of the cubicles, such as I had seen and in
which lived browns. Between these we rushed on and
presently came to more numerous and larger cubicles,
some of immense size, and with whites everywhere. The
machine stopped and I descended to the ground, as did
the white being. I thanked him fittingly, and left him, but
soon I regretted I had done so, for I found myself at a
total loss as to how to proceed. Everything seemed con-
fusion. Everyone was rushing about, everywhere were
the great machines, such as the one in which I had come.
Also I felt the need of nourishment, but I knew not
where to seek sustenance. During my life with the
browns I had learned to cat as they did, and presently,
seeing a brown female seated beside such fond, I drew
near and asked for sustenance. She demanded that I
should pay for it. At the time I knew not her meaning
and was about to move on, when I noticed a brown being
stop beside the female and give into her hand some pieces
of bright metal, whereupon she gave him food.

  “It was a strange and interesting transaction. What
could she want with the metal ? Was it possible that she
could transform it into more food, or was she of some
strange race that ate metal ? I forgot my hunger in my
interest and speculations. Another and another being
stopped, handed her metal, secured food and moved on.
Yet the female appeared not to desire the metal but
dropped it into a receptacle of artificial skin. It was most
fascinating, and at last, as she appeared to. he friendly,

I drew near, and using the tongue of the browns, I asked
her what use she made of the metal.

   “She gazed at me in astonishment and then replied that
she purchased food with it. But she had food, I re-
minded her. Yet did she insist that the metal was used
to secure food, which she gave in exchange for more metal,

which she gave in return for more food. It was incom-
prehensible to me, yet I found that in this marvelous and
preposterous manner do all the Suarians live and that
their whole lives are made up of thus acquiring bits of
metal which they give unto others in exchange for food
and other things, which in turn are given to others for
more metal.

   "Those who have nothing to give, give their lalior for
the same bits of metal, yet the metal is of no use to them.
It can be neither eaten nor drunk nor even transformed
into the coverings for their skins. Yet ever, especially
among the whiles, arc all ceaselessly, throughout their
lives striving, toiling, even fighting and killing one an-
other, to acquire the bits of metal, and even bits of paper,
which pass ceaselessly from hand to hand. And yet I
could not find that in the end there was any reason for it.
Those who had acquired vast amounts of the metal and
paper were no stronger, no healthier, no superior to those
who had little. To be sure, they dwelt in larger cubicles,
they moved about in the machines I have described, and
in machines of other sorts; they covered themselves with
more colorful and voluminous artificial skins, but they de-
voured the same food—the flesh of murdered, four-
footed beings, the embryos of birds and the plant growths
—that were devoured by those who had the least of the
metal. And strangely enough, those who secured the
most of the coveted stuff were not by any means the most
advanced or intelligent. Often were they the lowest,
most backward and most stupid of all the Suarians.
While others who were intelligent, who were advanced,
who were in fact scientists and should have been honored
and followed, had little or none of the metal and
paper.

   “Of course I did not learn all this while watching the
brown female with the food. Rather, my hunger again
claiming my attention, I asked her how it was possible
to secure the metal with which to obtain the food I craved,
and she informed me. I must exchange something I pos-
sessed for metal or must labor for it. As I stood there
wondering what I might do to obtain food, the white be-
ing of the machine appeared, and seeing me standing be-
fore the female, and perhaps realizing my plight, he came
forward and handed me a piece of metal. Thanking him,
I gave it to the female who gasped, told me to eat my
fill of her food and then returned to me more pieces of
metal—together with some of paper—than I had given
her. This was the most astonishing thing of all; that
she should refuse me food until I gave her the metal and
then, when I had done so and had taken the food, she
should give back more metal than I had given her!

  “But such I found was the custom of these strange
denizens of Suari. To them certain pieces of metal and
certain bits of paper have greater value than others and
all things that are given for the metal or, as they call it,
‘money’ also have their values. For some much money
is given, for others little. Even a being's labor has its
value and varies with different beings. And if the
‘money’ of great value is given for something of little
value, then is money of little value given with the thing
so that all may be equal. For a long time I could see no
object gained and no manner of purpose in all this, but
in time I learned that each time the thing for which
money was paid passed from one being to another, a
greater value was placed upon it, so that each time the
being who received the money gained somewhat over
what money he had given for it. Yet always in the end
whatsoever had been thus gained was again given out
302

AMAZING STORIES

for some other object. Yet so strongly fixed was this
strange custom, especially with the whites, that none may
live unless they follow it, and I myself was soon obliged
to do the same. I had naught to give for money and I
knew nothing of Suarian labor.

  “For a time I was at a loss, until by chance one day I
saw a being in an open space, with many beings of all
colors about him. He was causing objects to disappear
and to reappear at his command and for so doing was
being given the money. So, standing near and adjusting
my instrument. I so arranged it as to cause both the ob-
jects and the money before him to vanish and to be again
materialized beside myself. So that I had no lack of
money henceforth, nor of lood, for with ease I could se-
cure both by means of my device, which being beneath
my coverings, attracted no notice, although great wonder
was caused by the manner in which stores of food and of
money would vanish from sight. Yet I could not see that
anyone was harmed by my so doing, for the money that
became mine would have been used but to be given for
the food and the food would have been given for the
money, and by removing both, nothing was lost. Also
the money was of need given forth for other things,
such as for a cubicle in which to dwell, for by observa-
tion and by questions I learned that it was a law of the
whites that no being could sleep except in one of the
structures. That was a most strange thing; also quite
past understanding. I, or any being, might walk about
in the open air throughout the night. I might seat my-
self and remain as long as I saw lit, but I could not re-
pose and sleep within the confines of the nest of struc-
tures save within one of them.

THERE were many other laws and rules and
customs equally strange. Though these beings
bathed—there being an abundance of water in Suari—
yet save in the privacy of a tiny cubicle they could not
remove the artificial skins they called clothes in order to
bathe. Yet neither could they bathe in the open air while
thus covered. The clothes must be removed and others
placed over their skins before entering the water. And
while there were large pools of water convenient to
hand within the nests of buildings wherein the beings
dwelt, yet in these they could not bathe, but must go for
a distance to certain waters allotted for the purpose. And
though the coverings that they donned for the purpose of
bathing were often beautiful, and revealed the most ad-
mirable portions of the bodies, especially of the females,
yet there were laws saying that these coverings could not
serve elsewhere, but must be discarded for others.

  “Also, it was held barbaric and even punishable, for a
male to appear not wholly covered with the artificial
skins they called clothing; the females, however, appeared
to have a great deal more freedom in that regard. There
were many other rules as foolish as it seemed, yet never
did I find a being of intelligence who could explain the
reason for such things, for all of the beings of Suari are
accustomed to yielding in all ways to strange manners
and conventions promulgated by others. Thus, while
all are much the same in form, they do ever strive to de-
vise such coverings that one should differ from another;
yet by the decree of some one, they must be all much the
same. Also it was decreed that whereas the females might
wear coverings of the most brilliant and beautiful hues,
the males must wear clothes of dull and sombre shades.

   “In their cubicles, or as they call them ‘houses,’ they do

the same. Each being will strive to make his home dis-
tinct from all others, yet in a way must all be alike. And
with all their boasted intelligence and culture—which is
that of our ancestors of the times before our history be-
gan—they persist in being uncomfortable and unhealthy
by nesting together by thousands in these crowds of
cubicles of every size. Often one will be erected upon
another. Often they will be so small there is barely
space to move about. Often they are as dark and dismal
as burrows in the earth, yet within them the beings live
and go to vast trouble and labor and give great sums in
their money to be permitted to exist in such holes.
Though there is no limit to the open air and sunshine,
yet do they hide themselves away in these vaults and use
tiny artificial suns of no value with which to have light.
And by some strange twist of their minds they will, at
great trouble and labor and expense, bring bits of earth
and plants and vegetation within their clusters of houses,
although on every side the land may be filled with count-
less things far more beautiful. Even wild birds that
abound in the open air are held prisoners within these
dwelling-places, and yet, at every occasion, the beings
rush forth, and afoot or in their machines; leave the
groups of buildings they call ‘cities’ and in great throngs
fare into the outlying country for a day or a week or
more and cry aloud and shout how wonderful it is, and
yet hurry back once more to their dens, whereas all might
dwell happily and free and much easier and better in
separate nests amid the verdure and sunshine, which we
of Sonko-IIuara would give so much to have in such
quantities as they exist on Suari.

  “Why these beings should thus suffer I could never
learn fully, but in a way it is due to fear, for fear is ever
clutching at the hearts and minds of the Suarians. In
the past, enemies were feared, and for protection the
beings herded together and built stout walls and dwell-
ings easy to protect. But now, though at times there are
quarrels and even wars among the beings of Suari, the
clusters of buildings are not needed, and in case of war
would he of no avail. Yet the fear of being alone still
abides in these beings, and tear of one kind or of an-
other dogs them always. He who has little, fears he may
never have more. He who has much, fears he may lose
what he has. He who is in good health fears illness, and
he who is ill fears he may never be in good health. No
one is content; no one is satisfied and nearly all fear
death. Yet do they tempt death scores of times each day.
They glory in taking risks of health, of loss of life, of
everything.

  “Why they should fear death is still a mystery to me.
They profess to believe as do we of Sonko-Huara that
the spirit never dies but merely departs from the body
to another state. Some believe as do we that it finds a
place in another body; others believe, that it goes to an-
other planet; and some believe that it goes to some special
spot where spirits rule, for in Suari there are endless
beliefs, faiths and religions instead of one universal re-
ligion as with us. Yet despite this l>elief that death brings
to the spirit a better life and that there is nothing to fear,
they look upon death with horror and will go to the most
extreme measures to preserve life. Even the imbeciles,
the hopelessly injured and the crippled are preserved, in-
stead of being mercifully disposed of, as is our custom.
And their doctors W'ill cut their bodies or their limbs into
bits and will leave them crippled or helpless for the rest
of their lives, merely to save them from death. Tt is not
A VISIT TO SUARI

303

the fear of pain, for they endure a hundred times the
agony of death in order to avoid death. Mainly, I
think, it is lack of faith in what they hold is their faith.
They are never quite sure that their religion is the right
one, that their spirits will be better off, which proves how
much better it is to have but one faith for all, as do we of
Sonko-Huara. And yet, in spite of their dread of death
for themselves, they regard the deaths of others quite
callously. They ruthlessly destroy thousands of their
fellows in a war over some petty trifles or to satisfy the
machinations of some men who avariciously desire to add
to their power or their wealth. And they do not hesitate
to put their fellows to death for the violation of certain
laws which they themselves make. Though they thus
constitute themselves the judges of their fellows, and
claim the right to take that, which they cannot give and
cannot restore, yet on the other hand, they will not per-
mit one of the number to take his own life, when he
desires death for any reason.

ND while they see fit to meddle in many, in fact,
most affairs of their fellows, and to subject them-
selves to innumerable ridiculous rules and regulations of
no importance to themselves or to any one else, yet they
avoid regulating and controlling the most important of
all things—the births of their offspring and their rearing.

  “Unlike our young that are incubated artificially and
under scientific rules, the offspring of the Suarians are
born alive, and each mother rears her own. Unfit parents
are not only allowed to mate and to produce young, in-
stead of limiting the reproduction of the race to scien-
tifically selected parents, neither of whom is aware of the
other’s identity as with us, but they are permitted to rear
their own misbegotten to maturity. As a result, there is
no steady weeding out of the mentally and physically un-
fit, nor a gradual improvement of the whole race. More-
over, the puny, weak, imbecile, crippled and otherwise
imperfect offspring are not only permitted to live, but are
sedulously cared for, and every effort is made to keep
them alive in spite of nature.

  “As a result of this, no two are alike mentally, physi-
cally or in training, yet, when these strange beings edu-
cate their infinitely varying offspring, they are treated as
if all were identical, as if all, like our own, had been
scientifically and artificially produced, incubated and
reared. There is no attempt to educate and train the
young according to their aptitude or their suitability for
ccrtain careers. There is no such thing as saying this
young being has peculiarities to warrant his becoming a
mechanic; this one should be an artist, and then regu-
lating their education and training with that end in view.
No, all are put through the same courses of studies, and
the ultimate career of each is left to the parents or to the
immature being’s choice. Tn this, as in nearly all vital
matters concerning these inconceivably inferior Suarians,
there is 110 system, no certainty; everything is left to
chance.

  The young Suarian, who decides to become a scien-
tist, may become a good scientist and he may be a failure,
it is a question of chance instead of being predetermined
by searching analysis of his mentality, his physique, his
origin and every other factor. Yet in nearly every other
respect these beings are surrounded, buried, overwhelmed
with laws. Numbers of beings are ceaselessly laboring
to make laws and are being given great quantities of
the metal discs called money to make these laws. So

many have been made in the past and so many are being
made each day, that not even those who make them can
remember them. For that reason they are preserved in
massive volumes. And if those who make the laws are
ignorant of them, it is natural that the other l>eings, who
have no knowledge of what laws have been made, should
be quite unaware of them. As a result, everyone is con-
stantly violating some law. But this does not appear to
matter, for apparently most of the laws are made to no
purpose. Yet there are certain laws that may not be
broken with impunity save by certain favored beings, and
many of these seemed the most unreasonable and need-
less of all. No being may take that which belongs to
another, even though he be starving and the other has
more food than he can use; even though he. has nothing
and the other has much; even though he takes that which
he must have in order to live from one who has taken
more than he needs from some other. If a being trans-
gresses this law he is set apart in a cubicle by himself,
and is given abundance of food and is cared for, so that
by his punishment he is rewarded with that which he
sought to obtain. Yet he could not be thus housed and
fed and provided for otherwise than by violating the law.
But the being from whom the possessions have been
taken receives nothing in return, nor is he who is set apart
forced to return that which he took. And neither may
the being who has been thus robbed of what was his, lay
hands upon him who took it, nor take from him aught in
return. So it would seem that the violator of the law is
rewarded and he who suffers is punished. Neither may
a being take the life of another being, no matter what
provocation he may have, for if be does, then the law
may take his life. Even though the one whose life is
taken by the being who has been wronged is of the most
inferior class and of no value to the community, whereas
the being wronged is of the highest and most intelligent,
yet the law demands that.the valuable life be sacrificed.
Yet may those who are favored, take lives as they may
and suffer nothing.

  “Among these beings there are certain ones whose duty
is to see that the laws arc not broken, yet often they are
themselves the most ignorant of laws and the most in-
ferior in intelligence among the beings. Yet should
these beings, in their minds, imagine some being has
violated some law—though its violation is not punishable
by death—and the one suspected, being innocent, resists,
the other may take his life with impunity. Nay, more,
if the being employed to enforce the laws attempts to
take the life of one violating the law, and instead de-
stroys law-abiding beings who by chance arc near at hand,
he is not punished for having so destroyed them, nor can
their families secure recompense. No, like other matters
that concern life and death and even more important
things, this too, is governed by chance.

  “In the marriage also, which is the mating of the males
and the females of these strange beings, all is governed
by chance in the same manner. Neither science nor law
enters into the beings choosing their mates, but when
chosen the law declares them mated. Yet, should they,
one wearying of the other, or finding the mating to have
been ill chosen, desire to find other mates, they may not
do so without breaking a law and being punished there-
for. Yet, strangest of all perhaps, is a lav.' that declares
these beings may not partake of certain liquids of which
some of the beings are fond. More yet, this law prevails
in some portions of Suari and not in others, and of all
304

AMAZING STORIES

the laws this is the most often violated. Indeed, few be-
ings there are who do not violate this strange law that
controls the beings’ own stomachs, and in so violating the
law, they appear to gain much delight and pleasure.
Though you may find it hard to believe, yet they will go
to great trouble and expend many pieces of metal in
order to violate this law, not so much that they are de-
sirous of imbibing the proscribed liquids, but to show
their derision oi a law which they caused to be made.

  “For a long time after I had been living among the
whites I marveled greatly at these beings remaining so
primitive as to need laws which we of Sonko-Huara
abandoned ages ago as worthless things and as tending
only to corrupt the morals of officials. But most of all
I marveled that, having paid beings to make the laws, and
laboring to obtain the metal wherewith to pay others for
enforcing them, they should desire to break them at every
turn and should find delight in so doing. But having
learned more of the whites’ ways, and having seen their
amusements, I wondered no more, for I then saw clearly
that such laws were made to provide a source of amuse-
ment. or as they call it in their tongue a ‘sport,’ sometimes
also called a ‘game.’

CHAPTER IV
Certain Traits Are Universal

“ EFORE speaking of these amusements of the
Suarians, 1 must tell you something of their
strange characters and habits. Though they are
so filled with conceit that they imagine themselves the
superiors of all other races, even the superiors of all
beings in the universe, and though they boast that they
rule Suari, yet do their females rule them, and the strong-
est submit to the rule of weak, illiterate, unintelligent
beings. Still, in a way, the whites do rule Suari, for so
loudly do they cry out to all that they are the lords of
their planet, that the others are made to believe it to be
the truth and so submit to their wills. And though dur-
ing my stay 011 Suari I lived for most of the time
amidst these whites and mingled with all kinds, yet never
could I learn why they should be so exalted in their
opinions of themselves.

  “Oi all the inhabitants of Suari, they are the most
superficial, the most artificial, the most inconsequential,
the most illogical and paradoxical. They are as aimless in
their lives as butterflies, as casual as drifting leaves. Like
hordes of ants they scurry about, rushing madly to save a
minute of time, yet in the midst of this wild bustle they
will stop and gaze for hours upon some simple childish
thing. Their lives arc one ceaseless round of toil, for so
primitive are they and so badly organized and so jealous
of one another that they must toil to live. But even when
by toil they have gathered more of the metal discs than
they can use in their lives, yet do they continue to toil,
working to live and living to work, but constantly crying
out for a rest, for a chance to live without thus toiling.
Yet when they cease for a space to labor, they entertain
themselves by toiling. Even when, weary with the labor
of day, they have a chance to rest, they spend the night
rushing about, each male with a female, 111 great crowds,
running and prancing over a floor, though they do not
win the metal discs by so doing. Or when there is no
need of toil, they will hurry and pant for great distances
in the hottest sun, laboring to strike a small globule with

a crooked stick, or perchance with their feet kicking
an object about and fighting amongst themselves, or
striking a ball with a club and then dashing swiftly away
trying to outpace the ball. Always they are laboring,
even fighting to outdo something, even if by so doing
nothing is gained. They strive and labor to outdo one
another, and each toils to win more of the tnelal discs
than the others, and they take great joy in watching two
of their fellows struggle and fight with their hands until
one outdoes the other and thereby wins vast stores of the
metal discs and bits of paper they prize so greatly.

  “To these beings of Suari nothing seems to aflord so
much pleasure and interest as for some one of them to
outdo some other one, yet it is a foolish and ridiculous
thing, for always, as fast as one outdoes another, so,
surely, another will outdo that one. They even force
the four-footed beings to strive to outdo one another,
and because these beings are more intelligent and are
superior to the others, and will not waste their strength
by foolishly laboring to surpass one another, the two-
legged beings mount upon their backs and beat and force
them to do their bidding.

  Often times too, these Suarians will remain for many
hours seated at tables and passing bits of colored paper
from hand to hand, and going without needed rest and
sleep in a mad attempt to outdo one another in securing
certain of the bits of paper. Many other strange ways
do they have of occupying themselves, yet one of the
strangest is that they will flock in great herds unto certain
cubicles of large size, and will give up stores of the
metal discs to gaze at certain of their fellows, both males
and females, who standing upon a platform, do and say
exactly the same things that these beings do each day.
Moreover, when these beings cannot see their fellows
thus repeating their actions and their words, they will
flock to other places wherein are pictures of beings doing
the same tilings. These pictures were at first a great
puzzle to me, for I thought that they were reality and
were like unto our vision-disscminators, for they both
moved and spoke. But soon I found they were ac-
complished by means of machines, and though cleverly
managed, were not real but merely images that were made
to appear at will. Very often both the beings who appear
upon the platforms, as well as the pictured beings, do and
say things that are in violation of the laws, whereat
those who watch show great pleasure and shout aloud and
strike their hands together in delight, for so illogical are
they that though they may make laws and may punish those
who transgress them, yet ever are they overjoyed to see
the laws broken. Yet in this are they no more illogical
than in many other ways. Thus while they will give
many discs to be delighted and made happy, they will
give an equal number to be made sad, and of their own
will they will gaze upon sights or will barken to music
and because of these will weep and will find joy in weep-
ing, which led me to feel at times that these strange be-
ings are all imbeciles.

  “Yet the}' do most amazing things and perform feats
that we of Sonko-Huara cannot equal. They can project
their voices and all other sounds for vast distances
through the air and it was these that we heard here in
Sonko-Huara, as I surmised), this being done by some
means akin to the manner in which I transported myself
to Suari and back. By devices which I do not fully com-
prehend even yet, the beings alter the sounds to electronic
forces, by a reversal of the process transform the forces
A VISIT TO SUARI

305

into sounds, just as I may change a solid body into free
electrons, and then may reform the free electrons to
reproduce the original body.

  “And though they have never learned the secrets of
our vision-disseminators and audio-extensors nor of
our projectors by means of which we may move swiftly
from spot to spot and may hear the voices and see the
forms of others at great distances, and though they have
not yet learned to draw all power, all sustenance and all
that is needed for life directly from the sunshine and the
atmosphere, yet they have devices that serve many pur-
poses and that are unknown to us. Perchance, by the
time their planet has been exhausted, as has Sonko-
Huara, and the Suarians have by necessity been forced
to develop their intelligences and have cast aside the
foolish and inconsequential things, and have learned that
uniformity of purpose, thought and act is essential to
existence, they may reach to a plane comparable to ours
at this time. I have already told you of the strange ma-
chines that rush over the earth and by means of which
they move from place to place. In addition, they have
other great machines that can move only upon metal rods
laid upon the earth, and they possess immense projector-
like devices that fly through the air.

  “Unlike our projectors that may remain poised at
any height and which are operated by the atomic power,
these draw their power from fuel burned within them,
and if by chance the fuel is exhausted or if any portion
of the mechanism goes wrong, they crash to the ground
and are destroyed.

“TT is written in our histories that our ancestors, some
thousand Chukitis in the past, used similar means
for traveling, and so it is possible that a thousand Chuki-
tis hence the Suarians may learn to make projectors.
But Suari, being so much greater than Sonko-Huara and
hence with greater body-attraction, presents problems
that we of Sonko-IIuara do not face, Thus upon Suari
there are, as all know, great bodies of water, and to
cross these and to go from place to place separated by
them, the beings use immense machines, carrying vast
numbers of Suarians, that move swiftly upon the sur-
face of the water and do not sink within it even though
they are made of metal heavier than the water. This
to us of Sonko-Huara seems more wonderful than
would our projectors or our vision-disseminators to the
Suarians, for we, having no great masses of water, and
no need to cross such, know little of such matters, and
in all things pertaining to water, the beings of Suari
are in advance of us. Yet could I, even with my igno-
rance of such things, see plainly that in all these matters
as in everything else the Suarians waste far more than
they use, and do many things for the benefit of their
own pride and pleasure rather than for the benefit of the
race and posterity as a whole. Thus the structures in
which they dwell and which, clustered together, form
those spots that we of Sonko-Huara long ago recognized
as made by intelligent heings, are often made of vast
size and beauty, towering unto the skies, whereas for
the purposes of the beings’ lives and labors no beauty is
required, and cubicles of no greater height than would
accommodate the beings would serve as well. For that
matter, such small structures, separately placed, would
serve better, and with the sunshine and the air would
greatly preserve the health of the dwellers within. Yet
in their self-pride and glory the beings will erect the
great structures and will nest them together by thousands,

thus shutting off the sunshine and air and rendering their
dwelling places as dark and noisome as caverns in the
earth. And the material that is needed to make such
great structures would serve to make many thousand
smaller cubicles for those beings who have not enough
of the metal discs to obtain shelter. On the other hand,
so commercial are the minds of these beings, so fixed on
matters that result only in gain to themselves, so selfish
in their attitude, that science is regarded with little re-
spect and often with scorn. And those beings who have
amassed great quantities of the metal they crave will
give freely of what they have for such pleasures as they
desire, hut will bestow none upon those heings who delve
in the mysteries of science and who devote their lives
to the betterment of others by studies and by writings.
There are some few who will bestow their discs in this
way, else all the Suarian scientists and those of great
intelligence would succumb.

   “Yet even the scientists are ever filled with the conceit
that possesses the two-legged inhabitants of Suari, and
most of all, the whites.

  “Though they possess means of studying the planets,
and have devoted much time to studying our own Sonko-
Huara, yet they know nothing in regard to them. Those
signals that we of Sonko-IIuara arranged to draw their
eyes and to let them know that our planet was inhabited,
were seen by those on Suari, yet they deemed them not
signals—feeling assured 110 beings more intelligent than
themselves could dwell here—that our signals were but
natural formations. And then to apprize whatever be-
ings might dwell on Sonko-Huara that more intelligent
beings inhabited Suari, they caused great numbers of
lights to be placed at night—which we saw—meaningless
things carrying no message. And having projected their
voices into space and having received no response (for
they stupidly failed to arrange for replies and even failed
to let us know they were striving to communicate with
us) they decided that there were no intelligent beings.

  “So conceited are they and so filled with their own
importance and the belief that they are lords not only
of Suari but of all the Universe, that they cannot con-
ceive of any other form of intelligent beings. To them
the denizens of Sonko-Huara or of any planet, must be
like themselves—with but two legs and two arms, the
same bodies, heads and features—or, in the minds of
some few, perchance like certain four or six-legged crea-
tures of Suari.

  “And nothing can convince them of the contrary, nor
can they be convinced that an inhabitant of Sonko-Huara
could do what they cannot and visit another planet as
I have done. For a long time after my arrival upon
Suari I said nothing of who I was or whence I came,
thinking it better to learn their ways and all regarding
them, by mingling with them as one of their own kind.
And when, after having talked with their scientists and
those credited with being the most intelligent, I learned
how vast was their ignorance of Sonko-Huara, I sought
to set them right, none would listen to my words. In
vain did I endeavor to tell them of the true facts, of
how we of Sonko-IIuara lived, of the customs and our
ways, of how we obtained our power and our sustenance,
of how our race was propagated and ever improved
by science, and of how those strange marks, which they
had thought were canals, were but the tracks made by
our small areas of water as they were dragged across the
surface of our planet by our two small satellites.

(Continued, on page 371)
 The

riving x ower

By Miles J. Breuer, M.D.

Author of "The Man with the Strange Head,” "The Gostak Distims the Dashes,” Etc.

1\T 01V that the firmly established Bohr planetary atom seems to have suc-
1. V cumbed to the Schrodinger wave atom, who can say definitely what are the
possibilities of intra-atomic power? Present-day writers of scientific fiction must
needs tax their imaginations these days and quickly tell their stories, for fear
the startling things they foretell will come to pass before their stories are pub-
lished. But "The Driving Power ” despite the fact that it is based on the Bohr
atom, is still sufficiently “different” and amazing to warrant its publication.
Also, Dr. Breuer may still be found to have been right, some day.

Illustrated by WES SO

Sciencc and Living

WHEN Professor Grimm laid down his
work and decided to go home, he
changcd into a different man. It was
like a transformation from Dr. Jekyll
into Mr. Ilyde.

  "Seven o'clock. Getting dark. Time to quit,” he
sighed with regret at having to part with his apparatus.
He picked up some pieces again, fitted them into the big
machine, lingered awhile, and again tore himself reso-
lutely away.

  All day while he worked in that laboratory, he was
keen, alert, full of enthusiasm. His pencil drove busily
over sheets and sheets, leaving them covered with cal-
culations too abstruse for ordinary mortals; his fingers
and eyes searched busily among the leaves of his library;
but especially, most of the time he hovered swiftly, skil-
fully, devotedly all around and among that vast and
complex stack of apparatus in one end of the big room.
He had as much energy as the huge waterfall whose roar
could just be heard through the windows and which sup-
plied him with inexhaustible power for his experimental
work in intra-atomic physics. His eyes shone brightly,
and you could see that he thoroughly loved the work.

  Then came quitting time. A vacant, discouraged ex-
pression stole over his face and over the whole of his
figure. You would have thought he had nothing else in
tlie world to live for. He drooped like a lover driven
from the side of his fair lady out into the wilderness.

  Perhaps you think he was one of those dry, lifeless
scientists who care for nothing, know of nothing except

archaeopteryx or eclipsing variables. The careless hang
of his clothes, his unshaven face, his absent-minded
behavior, might have confirmed the idea that he was so
absorbed in his work that nothing else existed for him.

  But Professor Grimm was not that dry. There seemed
to be a good deal of romance left in his make-up. Other-
wise, why did a wistful look come over his face, and
why did his steps lag when he passed the motion-picture
theater where thrilling scenes from some famous love-
story were portrayed on the billboards? He almost
stopped before the picture of the hero in doublet and
sword, a girl on one arm and an enemy at bay with the
other. But he pulled himself together, shrugged his
shoulders, and forced his pace forwards. Again he
forgot himself for a moment or two, when a very young
couple went by, so devoted to each other that they were
unconscious of any surroundings; and again when the
window of a kodak store displayed pictures of people
camping in the mountains. But each time he braced up
and went resolutely on. A man who is absorbed to com-
pletion in dr)’ work docs not feci that way when he
catches glimpses of some of life’s pretty things.

  He reached home dejected and tired. His home was
a bright resplendence of rooms, in one of which reigned
a glittering dinner-table. His wife appeared, a glorious,
tripping vision, delicious to look flt, a consummate
product of all the modern arts that make a woman beau-
tiful; width of eyebrows, curve of mouth exactly right;
all the lines and proportions of figure correct; all de-
tails of dress perfect.

  "Hurry, dear” said the tinkling, silver-bell voice.
“Guests will soon be here.”

306

308

AMAZING STORIES

  Silver tinkle, indeed, thought Professor Grimm. It
was a cold and distant tinkle, and the tone of it said to
him, if the words did not, that he was late again and
that his appearance was not presentable for the distin-
guished social captures that were expected. Thus it was
every evening; often the impatience at his tired appear-
ance was hardly concealed. Some evenings he would ap-
pear among them; at others he would not. It did not seem
to matter; he wasn't noticed much, providing he didn’t
get in the way. The gayety always lasted till late; and
he would leive the guests and go to bed early, because
he had work to do in the morning. His wife would sleep
till noon, and he would never see her until the next eve-
ning dressed for another function. The occasional op-
portunity for conversation between himself and her was
occupied by her intense social ambitions and a pouting
impatience at the work which held him and kept her from
showing him off to her society audience.

  “I'll come over to the University some day and break
up those machines,” she complained. “You never want
to go out with me."

  If he had not been a Professor, accustomed to shaping
intangible ideas for practical use, he might have retorted
that her social nonsense was keeping her away from him;
that his work was the thing of real importance. But he
was a man of policy: peace at any price, since war
could never hope to gain anything, anyway.

  “I have a serious problem on," he would explain. “If
it works out, it will bring in money."

  Author’s Footnote: The technical aspects of Professor
Grimm’s work involve the most difficult and complex con-
siderations of modern intra-atomic physics. To include
them in the text of this story, with which they have nothing
at all to do, would bore the general reader; and,for that rea-
son I am omitting them from the story itself. However, for
the benefit of the scientific reader, I append the following
abstract that I have made from Professor Grimm's notations
on the subject.

  He received his original idea for this work from some of
Eddington’s writings on the state of matter within a hot
star (Stars and Atoms, A. S. Eddington, Yale University
Press, 1927). There, matter is very dense and exists only
in its simplest forms. There, atoms are not complete for
very long at a time, for the vast volumes of short electro-
magnetic vibrations (X-rays) are constantly displacing the
electrons in the outer orbits (see Bohr's articles in the Philo-
sophic Magazine for July, September, and November, 1913).
But these displaced electrons are free only for a short time,
and are quickly again absorbed by unsaturated atoms. How-
ever, they are again quickly displaced by X-rays, and so on,
ad infinitum.

  It occurred to Professor Grimm that if X-rays could be
generated in the laboratory in sufficient density, and allowed
to exert their effect on matter which was less dense than
that in the interior of a star, the free electrons would get far
enough away from the influence of unsaturated atoms so
that they would remain free. Then, as successive electrons
were displaced from the atom, the character of the atom
would change, and the change would be recognizable in the
laboratory by physical and chemical methods.

  As a matter of fact, this is actually what occurs in a
Coolidge tube (see page 122, Within the Atom, John Mills,
Van N’ostrand, 1923), and it amounts to nothing else than
the transmutation of one element into another. The ioniza-
tion of matter by X-rays has been demonstrated with graphic
vividness by C. T. R. Wilson, who shows photographs of
ionization-nuclei in water-vapor along the path of an X-ray
(see page 102 of Mills’ Within the Atom'). Professor Grimm

  That made her happy. Money was needed for beau-
tiful clothes and for social climbing.

  Professor Grimm had no wife. That was the way he
felt about it. No companion to share his life’s prob-
lems, ambitions, pleasures. He felt rather like an ele-
phant quartered in a butterfly’s house. That is why
movie love or the sight of real lovers made him melan-
choly.

  He clung to his work with the tenacity of the absent-
minded professor in stories. His researches in the ioni-
zation of solid bodies, his concrete realization of perfect
gases with high density—these had to be his wife and
love. They took the place of the romance that he missed.
For, deep in his secret heart, concealed under that dry,
absent-minded exterior, he was intensely, boyishly ro-
mantic. Fairy princesses and adventures in distant lands
occupied his inmost thoughts. Outwardly he consoled
himself with work.

  “People that are too happy,” he reflected, “never make
much real progress. Happiness has a tendency to re-
main satisfied where it is. Perhaps that is why I have
gotten so much further than many of my colleagues who
are older than I. Perhaps if T were as happy as Puck-
ner—going away on another trip with his wife; they’ve
had half a dozen honeymoons already.” Another far-
away look in his eyes, followed by a shrug of resignation.
“If I were like that, I should never have worked out the
Integrator.”

  He contented himself with the thought that it is a fine,

was fascinated by the possibility of making definite physical
and chemical changes in matter by this method, and this was
the modest beginning of his sensational achievement. He
supplied the first actual experimental verification of Bohr's
theory, first by demonstrating that as each quantum of
energy is lost by the electrons revolving in the outermost
orbits and as the orbits decrease in size, the nature of the
atom changes, and therefore, the nature of the matter which
it composes undergoes chemical transmutation.

  Thus, if a carbon atom with twelve revolving electrons
loses one quantum of energy (liberated as X-rays and reg-
istered and measured with the crystal gratings and X-ray
spectra of H. G. J. Moseley and deBroglie) and one of the
electrons falls into the nucleus, it contains but eleven re-
volving electrons, and becomes an atom of boron. This is a
process which in Nature requires ages of time; Professor
Grimm hastened it experimentally. But his great triumph
was its reversal: the addition of a quantum of energy to the
atom, and the addition of a revolving electron.

  For one reason he had the advantage in this work over
any physicist in the world: he had at his disposal practically
unlimited power. The huge waterfall was surrounded by
State property and its use was restricted by donation to the
University. Lighting and power for the campus utilized but
an insignificant proportion of its energy; a million horse-
power was available for experimental work. With this,
and his three banks of six-foot Coolidge tubes, Professor
Grimm was able to generate X-rays which would compare
in volume and intensity for experimental work, with the
X-rays in hot stars. With a tube modeler after that which
Millikan used in his photo-electric emission experiments, he
succeeded in abstracting electrons from atoms, and in adding
electrons to atoms. The principle is simple: if an atom re-
ceives the increment of an electron, it radiates one quantum
of energy (X-rays) ; and vice versa, if a quantum of energy
is shot into the atomic system, the increase throws off one
electron. For making any element out of any other element,
it required merely a standardization of quantitative technic,
a straightforward though tedious matter to work out.
THE DRIVING POWER

309

brave thing to be a scientist, and to sacrifice living for
scicntific work.

The Invention

IN the morning he came into the laboratory, divested
himself of the outer world with a sigh at its empti-
ness, and stood in front of the Integrator, ready to
plunge into the joy of another day's work.

  What was this Integrator, which occupied the Pro-
fessor’s days until he grudged time from it for his
classes; which occupied his thoughts at night, his lec-
tures, his private conversation? What was this aston-
ishing thing, before which its own creator stood in awe,
scarcely able to believe the work of his hands?

  This morning he was testing it out again. A number
of times he had made tests to confirm the accuracy of his
“pattern” equations, but thus far he had always witnessed
its amazing performance alone. While the huge genera-
tors were starting up and the glowing platinum targets
were warming, he sat at his desk and worked his slide-
rule and jotted down figures. Then, with his eye on a
stop-watch that showed fifths of a second, he moved
switches and pressed keys. There, in the middle of the
room, the air swirled in a spiral and became nebulous.
The cloud condensed, and there lay a sphere—or a brick,
or a bar; of gold or clay or ivory, or of fibre or jelly.

  This morning he was practicing on more complex
things. He spent more time with his pencil and slide-

rule, and got a growing flower, a wriggling worm, merely
by substituting different values for the terms of his
equation and setting his experimental quantities in ac-
cord with the resulting “pattern.” A bold effort resulted
in a scampering little monkey, which darted chatteringly
about the big room, until Professor Grimm shut off the
power, whereupon the monkey melted away and disap-
peared. He tried another combination, and there ap-
peared a little machine, working busily away; and when
he shut off the power it melted, dimmed, and was gone,
with a rush of air out of the windows and an electrifica-
tion of everything in the room with the dissipated
charges.

  That sounds like some tale of sorcery out of the
Middle Ages! Or like the words of some writer who
has more imagination than scicntific training. Yet it is
physics, very accurate, very matter-of-fact, and withal
very dry for the non-scientific reader.

  For the benefit of the latter, I am making a brief re-
view of the process, which is described technically in
the footnote. Professor Grimm had accomplished more
in the generation of large volumes of short-wave X-rays
than any man of his time. That was what became of
the tremendous power of the huge waterfall, the power
that went into his laboratory.

  Short-wave X-rays, as is well known, displace elec-
trons from the outer orbits of wandering electrons, say
of gases, leaving an unsaturated atom with an intense
avidity to combine.

  Autiior’s Footnote: That is the fundamental principle
of the Integrator. But. there is still more to it.

  Possibly the ease with winch gold or other valuable metals
could be thus made would have been the first thing to appeal
to the average worker. But Professor Grimm passed that by
with hardly a thought, with his eye set on far more thrilling
possibilities.

  The idea of a unity of evolutionary processes is gradually
being built up. The conception seems to be too big for
some of our scientific men, but they will have to grow up to
it now. The laborious presentations of such men as Horatio
Hackett Newman and Henry Chandler Cowles to the effect
that evolution, instead of being something peculiarly limited
to organic life, is in reality one continuous and identically
uniform process from the dissociated ions in a hot star to
the gray matter of a college professor—this idea need no
longer be offered with fear of ridicule.

  Grimm’s work went on to verify it experimentally.

  Grimm started with the bold idea that life adds nothing
essentially different, when it steps into the evolutionary
jcale; not even qualitatively different. The appearance of
life in the evolutionary scale, which matter undergoes, is
not an abrupt break, not a radical change, any more than
the appcarance of the carbon chain or the carbon ring de-
notes a radically different kind of chemistry from that of
the other elements. Life is but a property of molecules of
a certain complexity and certain arrangement; when this
complexity and arrangement appears in the evolutionary se-
ries, life is present. The old idea that life or its germs must
have come from somewhere belongs in the museum with
phlogiston and the indivisible atom.

  So, with his modification of the Millikan tube and his
cataracts of short-wave electromagnetic vibrations, Grimm
took the molecules of enclosed air. added two electrons to
the carlion atom to make nitrogen; removed a common elec-
tron between two atoms and condensed them to molecules;
built up a protein molecule; removed common electrons by
the hundred between molecules and built up complicated
compounds. The removal of the "common electron” was

the key idea, and is quite analogous to the removal of one
molecule of water from two molecules of ethyl alcohol with
the formation of ethyl-cther.

  By pouring electromagnetic energy into the electronic or-
bits, he produced an infinite speeding up of material evolu-
tion. His product was protoplasm.

  And when he had protoplasm, life was there along with it.

  Nor did he stop there with his stimulation of evolution.
By continuing the supply of electromagnetic energy, he
speeded up the evolution of his organic mass—still the same
essentially qualitative process which had built up his inor-
ganic bodies.

  He carried it on up to complex living beings.

  Possibly the greatest achievement of this genius, whom
we have found so pitifully human in everyday life, was to
reduce the quantitative technic of this process to mathe-
matics.

  He took Planck’s simple quantum relationship:

and built it up as functions of his spark-gap distance and
milliamperage, so that he could produce any kind of changes
he desired in the evolution of any kind of matter, backwards
or forwards.

  He named his equations “electron patterns”: and after
they were complete, he devised further experiments to test
them. In the course of these experiments to check and
verify the "electron pattern” equations, the Integrator came
into being. It was the experimental apparatus which worked
in the huge room as its condensation-field, and which was
able to intensify the processes of inorganic-organic evolution
to such a degree that a cycle from dissociate electrons to
organic life could take place in a small number of seconds in
large masses of matter.
310

AMAZING STORIES

  With his broad streams of short waves, Grimm had
a hitherto unparalleled opportunity to observe the be-
havior of these unsaturaled atoms. His vast numbers of
ions condensed; his gases were turned into solids of dif-
fering composition. He worked with air in his early
exi>eriincnts, and when lie got through lie had masses of
marble; marble probably, because the cosmic cloud con-
sists chiefly of calcium.*

  Thus far the idea is simple enough, though technically
difficult. It was the first step to the Integrator. His
block of marble was shapeless. Could he predetermine
what shape it was to assume? Could he determine on
something other than marble ? Could he make a complex
mass of a dozen or more elements ?

  From that to the finished Integrator is a long story:
the relations of the components of a complex body and
their evolution from simple ions; the accurate control
of the bombardment of free atoms by short-wave X-rays;
the ability to pick off one electron from a nitrogen atom,
or two or three, and of selecting free atoms to attack
with the short waves—it is tedious and mathematical
stuff. Curious indeed were the bodies he built up by
ionizing air, with its carbon-dioxide and vvater-vapor,
rearranging and condensing ions; fantastic blobs of stuff
that twisted and writhed and then changed on to some-
thing else".

  Is it any wonder that the long and thrilling work
absorbed him intensely? Yet, how could any man en-
dure that nervc-rackitig concentration unless lie had been
driven away from the world's distractions by some sort
of despair? However, the achievement was worth it.
He gasped when he thought of what that row of short-
wave tubes could do for him.

  For now, since he worked out the proton basis and
the electron patterns, he had an automatic control of
wave-length and radiation density, and was beginning
to learn to make what he pleased out of his condensed
ions. It was merely a matter of getting the pattern right
to start with. The object would then develop itself,
depending only on a sufficient supply of energy.

  That evening he walked home in a daze. His eyes
even missed the spectacle of here and there a man with
a lady intimately beside him. An idea had suddenly
struck him! An idea that stunned him with its force!

  It was an idea of what the Integrator could do for
him, and was even greater than the idea of the Integrator
itself. He looked out on the gray world that had so
disappointed him, and his heart leaped wildly with an-
ticipation. Now he would have happiness. A keen brain
and hard work can grind happiness even out of this bleak
world.

  His wife was all ready to start to a theater-party,
her beautiful gown and sweet voice making her seem
distant like a lady in a story. No, he did not want to
go along. He never did want to go along and be dis-
played, but tonight he wasn’t even in the same world.
His wife went 011 to the theater-party, and he, with head
throbbing and heart racing with excitement, went back to
the laboratory.

  He had cleared the vast, auditorium-like room; and
the Integrator stood assembled at one end of it. All else
was vast areas of bare floor, wall, and ceiling. He
opened all the windows wide: he would need to draw
011 the atmosphere for large quantities of matter. And
he sat down at the pattern-board of the machine.

_ *By "cosmic cloud” is meant the loose atoms that wander about in
interstellar space.

  About an hour of calculation was necessary; pencil,
slide-rule, and book of integrals were kept busy. His
results came out in milliamperes and spark-gap lengths;
and he manipulated the switches and rheostats. There
in front of him grew his dream.

  First, swirling nebulae. The vague shapes took form
in the depths of the fog. They rolled like clouds of
smoke and changed. Soon he could sec trees. Soft,
rich, green grass in their shade; flowers and birds in
their fragrant depths. A sheltered dell, a picturesque
cottage, and through its windows, glimpses of a bril-
liant, luxurious room, with draperies, lamps, and a
divan.

  And last, and greatest of all, a beautiful woman!

  She materialized in the doorway, with a melting smile
and a simple gown of soft silk; she waited for him
as he set the machinery to continue running, and walked
into the picture.

  “Are you real?” It sounded foolish, but he couldn’t
help asking it.

  “Real, and waiting for you.” She held out both hands
to him.

  They sat together 011 a divan. She was real. Her
hands were soft, but there was a firmness in her hand-
shake that he liked. He touched her shoulder and her
head. They were real. She smiled at it.

  “Do you believe I’m here now?" she asked.

  “What is your name ?” was his breathless reply.

  “Amaranth.”

  “It’s good. Sounds just like I feel.”

  She brought him lemonade. He wished he were more
carefully dressed, for she seemed interested in him;
her eyes were always on him. She was intelligent and
talked well. They talked a good deal in the preliminary
process of getting acquainted. She was cheerful, and
had a good sense of humor, and made him feel rested.
The evening passed, and he forgot; forgot problems
and troubles, and the gray world. When a man can
forget, he is happy. Professor Grimm had rarely been
happy.

  “I shall see you again,” they both said when he took
his leave.

  Before shutting off the power, he checked his patterns
most carefully. He was satisfied with her and with
everything in the picture just as it was. Beforehand
he had not been sure just how it would come out. Now
he was anxious that a repetition should be accurate.
Then he shut off the generators gradually, one after
another. There was a dimming and a thinning of the
scene of paradise before him. (He had a vague, fleet-
ing feeling, that was gone in a moment, that he was
killing, annihilating somebody. But he reassured him-
self that he could reproduce it all tomorrow.) It faded
and was gone. Only the hire room was left. There
was a momentary sense of pressure in the room as the
disintegrating molecules expanded, and before the win-
dows released the excess of atmospheric density. The
room was bare, just like the world. lie went home
through the late night, his nerves in a daze of fatigue
from his unusual experience; but it was a welcome
fatigue.

  The next day seemed endless to the Professor. A
blaze of bronze hair and the softest of round arms
would not go out of his mind. Even when he was
busiest, he could hear in the background the low,
musical:

  “I shall see you again?”
THE DRIVING POWER	311

  That evening he dressed carefully and came out as
spruce as one of his students. Back in the laboratory
he sat by his patterns and switches. The scene before
him rose again, the idyllic forest cottage, the lovely
Amaranth at the door. Everything was exactly the
same. The patterns were accurate.

  This time the eager pressure of her hand made his
heart leap. Her eyes rested admiringly on his natty
figure. Dry, scientific man, eh? If so, why should the
timid hand resting 011 his sleeve thrill him so intensely?
She brought him a grape drink this time, and cookies,
and a cushion 011 the divan. She sang a lilting song
at the piano. Professor Grimm was happy and the
world was no longer gray.*

The Adventure

AND so, the “electron-patterns” were set many times,
and much power was used from the waterfall. The
Professor, after a hard day's work would take a per-
functory turn at home, and then hurry to the paradise
waiting for him. There were, long hours of sweet com-
panionship, wonderful communions of perfect under-
standings in all fields of thought, lovely arms about his
ncck, and a song in his heart like the music of the
spheres.

  He was a changed man. His friends noted it. Even
his wife noted it.

  “Is the work going well?” she asked. “You look
jollier than you used to.”

  “Another invention,” he evaded. “If I can sell it
to some corporation like the Amalgamated Amusements,
there ought to be a million dollars in it for us. Come
and see it.”

  A million dollars sounded good and she came. He
made flowers, dresses, automobiles spring out of noth-
ingness before her eyes. But the wonder of it was
not as great as the million dollars.

His students talked him over between cigarettes.

  “Grimm’s getting checrful. Remember how he used
to go around with a load of gloom? Looks like a
sunrise now.”

  “They say he used to have trouble with his wife.
Maybe they’ve fixed it up.”

   “Well, he’s sure been easier with the red ink lately.
His course used to be the only one that gave me any
work.”

  He grew popular with the students. He was excellent
company in faculty gatherings. His friends were grati-
fied and delighted at the transformation. Some of them
had felt sorry for him, in view of the pace his wife led
him and of his intense concentration on his work. Now

   •Author’s Foot Note: Before I got around to writing up the story of
Professor Grimm, it happened quite naturally that I tola it to several
people; likewise I let several people read the manuscript before I sub-
mitted it for publication. All of these people agreed in demanding to
know something more about Amaranth. What kind of a person was
the? What diu the look like? How did she talk and act? What sort
of character and disposition did she have?

They did not stop to think that this is a most difficult question to
answer. No one ever met or saw Amaranth except Professor Grinmi
himself; and he was not willing to talk about her personally. He
showed me the operation of the Integrator, “condensed” different things
for me, and even created a pair of prehistoric three-toed horsc9 thirty
inchcs high. Hut I cannot blame him for not wanting to demonstrate
Amaranth.

Fortunately, the personality of Amaranth has nothing to do with
the main trend of the story of Professor Grimm’s search for happi-
ness; a knowledge of the personality is not essential to an understand-
ing of what eventually became of Professor Grimm and the Integrator.

We can. however, make some indirect deductions as to her person-
ality; and this deduced personality easts ax; interesting light on the
operations of the Integrator, and on the process of evolution in gen-
eral. We know, for instance, that she was to the highest degree agree-
able and attractive to him; otherwise he would never have spent as
much time with her as he did. Knowing him as well as I do, it is
easy to make general estimates about what sort oi woman he would
find agreeable enough to give that much of his time to, and to make
him forget his work aud liis troubles.

he sought company, and was a hail fellow well met,
instead of a ghost at the feast.

  Weeks lengthened into months, and the Professor
was still happy.

  “Have you sold your invention to the Amalgamated
Amusements yet?” his wife asked once or twice.

  “No. I’m still working on it. I’m not satisfied to
let it go as it is.”

  “You're too particular. It is taking more of your
time than ever. You don’t even come home now. I’ll
come over some day and take you away from it. I’m
getting jealous of your old machine.”

  He felt guilty. People thought he was working ter-
ribly hard. He’d had some work in mind on solar
power, and it was getting time to be at it. But he
couldn't seem to compel himself to get to work. He
was happy and satisfied. He didn’t want to work.
Some of his faculty friends also talked him over.
“Grimm is losing his grip. Ilis classes are entertaining
and interesting, but they are not clear and forceful
as they used to be.”

  “He's been talking of solar power, and I’ve looked
for something good. But he doesn’t seem to be work-
ing. The apparatus in his laboratory hasn’t changed for
months.

  Professor Grimm could not help eventually hearing
these things by roundabout paths. He sighed. For a
moment the world all seemed gray again.

“It must be that progress and content do not go to-
gether,” he mused. “Happy men never do big stuff.”
He brooded and remained sunk in melancholy for
several days during which he never touched his
“patterns.”

The Decision

FINALLY, one evening he came into his laboratory
and started the generators. Things were all wrong.
He was morose and crabbed. He couldn’t stand it;
he had to see her again.

  In her arms, there in the depths of the forest, his
soul became quiet again. Again he forgot all but her—
her bronze hair, her melting smile, her devotion to him.
Or rather, he almost forgot, for there in the back-
ground there was some sort of throbbing, pounding,

hammering-

  The pounding kept up. It seemed to come from an-
other world.

  Someone was at his laboratory door, and was shaking
it. Was it locked or not? A flash of fear shot through
him. lie did not want to be caught thus.

(Continued on page 323)

She must have been possessed of a regular ami symmetrical type of
facial and bodily beauty, and a soft, pleasant voice. She must have
been a good listener as well as a vivacious conversationalist. She
must have been interested in his ideas and in his work; hut must
have bad ideas and interests of her own. Otherwise. Professor Grimm
would never have gone back a second time to see her.

   I remember his telling ine that she w?.s intensely interested i:i the
manner oi her creation. He had explained it all to her; and she was
as much interested in it as you and I are in the story of our own
creation. I recollect a clear, emphatic inriression of her human sub-
stantialness._ Body, mind, character, disposition were all there complete;
evolved at infinite speed in a few seconds; but the product was in no
way distinguishable from the uatural one.

   It also occurs to ti9 to wonder how it happened that Amaranth came
out as perfectly adapted as a companion to Professor Grimm as she
was. Two explanations are possible. The first is that Professor Grimm
must have had a good deal of practice “condensing” things with the
integrator before be attempted his final masterpiece; and that con-
sciously or unconsciously, he was able to put together elements for it
that would evolve into his desired ideal. The second possibility is that
he made more than one attempt, and that on the basis of earlier ar.d
lehs desirable results, he finally succeeded with the effect tliat he wanted.

I have done the best to build up a readable story from the meager informa-
tion that 1 was able to elicit on this subject.

                                                    M. J. B.
P aradox

  By Charles Cloukey

 Author of ''Paradox/' “Sub-Satelliteetc.

Illustrated by PAUL

  By the most daring manipulation I have ever seen, our pilot put us below
and slightly to the side of the one who fell, locked his helicopter control . . .
opened the door, and reached out to seize the girl.

312
“ T^ARADOX” was generally acclaimed “one of the cleverest fourth-dimen-
J. sional and time traveling stories" and requests came in for a sequel. “Par-
adox +” it seems to us, is even better than the first. Although our hero re-
turned to his own time, intact, it was not quite dear what happened later in
that future time. How did the battle end? In this cleverly written and ex-
ceedingly plausible sequel, Mr. Gloukey tells more about it.

RECENTLY in this magazine I retold the
story that Raymond Cannes told that Sun-
day night, October the seventh, 1928, to a
^ group of acquaintances at a certain Phila-
delphia club. T first told of the argument
between Sherman and Preston, who, discussing H. G.
Wells’ novel, “The Time Machine,” had wandered oil into
speculation as to whether or not it would ever be possible
to travel into the future or the past. Preston maintained
that such a thing was impossible and would always be
impossible, while Sherman, disregarding the ridicule of
his opponent, expressed the opinion that “time-traveling”
might become a possibility at no distant epoch, when
science would be more advanced. The debate, though
impromptu, was interesting in the extreme. Each man
brought out several good points.

  Then Raymond Cannes told that story which T have
retold in print and called “Paradox.” He stated that it
was true, but he did not ask us to believe it, as he could
present no confirmatory evidence. lie told how his col-
lege chum, Endicott Hawkinson, a wealthy electrical
wizard, had found in his mailbox a mysterious mathe-
matical manuscript, which he found contained proof of
the existence of the “fourth dimension,” and identified
it as time. Cannes told how Hawkinson constructed an
electrical machine for projecting objects into the future,
and how Hawkinson was killed by a fire in his laboratory
shortly after he had sent Cannes one thousand and two
years into the future, to the year 2930.

   Cannes told of his life in that far future year, of his
mystification at the circumstances surrounding the origin
of that manuscript, which was used before it was made
and could not have been made if it hadn’t been previously
used. He told us of the grandfather argument, and also
of the time when he was actually and physically in two
different places at one and the same time. He told us not
only of those, but of other seeming paradoxes and
absurdities he had encountered. He told us that he
could not believe the things he saw happen, for his
twentieth century mind was incapable of comprehend-
ing the complex mysteries of thirtieth century science,
which regarded the fourth dimension as simple and ele-
mentary, and which dealt with traveling through time
as an accomplished and commonplace fact. He told us
of Dwar Bonn, the great thirtieth century scientist who
had just invented a machine for traveling into the past,
as all time-traveling previous to 2930 had been into the
future only. He told us of his love for a tall, slender
girl of the future, the daughter of the scientist. He told
us of the incredible adventure that took place on the
monster ninety thousand ton air-liner Patrician, en route
from Australia to New York. Fleeing from a discussion
incomprehensible to him of the mysteries of electrons,
protons and photons, he had come upon the girl and had
impulsively kissed her. She resented it and struck at him,
accidentally striking and breaking one of the delicate

life-disks attached to his shoulders. Everyone on the
enormous airplane wore those disks. In case of an ac-
cident they served as parachutes, extracting power from
the supply that was always being broadcast, and using
that power to break the tall. Cannes then told us how
he had gone in search of her father, the scientist, had
found him dead, had captured his murderer in spite of
the fact that the murderer was using a stolen device to
render himself totally invisible, and how he (Cannes)
had discovered that the murderer was a spy from the
planet Mars, who later disclosed, unwillingly, that the
earth was in great peril, as Martian spies had distributed
all over the earth, in its most densely populated parts,
enormous quantities of the terrible Martian explosive
brarron, which possessed the power of being detonated
by certain etheric waves. One large quantity of this
explosive was in the cargo-rooms of the great plane.
Patrician, and the radio wave, that was to detonate the
explosive all over the world, was due to be broadcast in
fifteen minutes, from the great station established by
the powers of Mars at the Earth’s South Pole. All this
information was obtained from the Martian spy by arti-
ficial hypnotism. The spy concluded by stating that not
one terrestrial being would be alive after three days had
passed.

  If you have read my account you will remember how
Cannes told us that the enormous plane, death-laden with
Martian brarron, was abandoned in mid-air, all of the
passengers and crew descending to earth by using their
life-disks. But Cannes' disks had been destroyed. He had
escaped by using the time-machine just invented by Dwar
Bonn, which had returned him to the year 1928. You
will remember that Cannes’ last glimpse of the girl he
loved had shown her falling away from the plane, which
was loaded with explosive, a very few minutes before
the explosion was to take place. But, because of his own
escape through the fourth dimension, he had never
known whether or not the explosion had ever taken place,
never known whether or not the human race was an-
nihilated in those three days in September 2930, as the
Martian spy had threatened.

  And you will rememlxir how Cannes had found out
from old records that his death had been recorded on
October 7. 1928, and how he had set the dials on the
time-machine to indicate October the eighth, and had
boasted to us that he had cheated fate. But fate had
cheated him, for without his knowing it, the machine
had not functioned quite accurately, and he had really
been returned to the seventh, the day on which his death
was due, (and also the day on which he told the story.)
Ten minutes after he had finished his story he was dead.
He never knew what it was that hit him. The entire
group that had listened to his story saw him killed by a
truck a few minutes before midnight.

  T have made a hurried and incomplete review of
Cannes’ story and the circumstances surrounding it, so

313
314

AMAZING STORIES

that even if you have not read it you will be able to
understand the story that follows. If there are points
that are not clear to you, a reference to my previous
article will doubtlessly make them plain.

MONTHS later my friend William Simons read the
story. He laid aside the magazine and remarked
whimsically, “You’ve a peculiar imagination, Cloukey.
Just what good it is, I don’t know, but it’s peculiar. But
why did you kill off Cannes at the end? Isn’t there
enough tragedy in real life without you story-
writers? ...”

  I interrupted him annoyedly. I had no just reason to
be annoyed, but I was. I picked up my scrap-book and
showed him two slightly yellowed clippings from the
Philadelphia Evening Bulletin. One told of the fire in
the laboratory of Endicott Hawkinson, rich experi-
menter; and the other, dated a few months later, (Oc-
tober 8, 1928), told of the killing of Raymond Cannes,
on a street near City Hall, a few minutes before the
previous midnight, blaming the hit-and-run driver of a
speeding truck. Bill Simons read the clippings and
turned to me inquiringly.

  “You used the names of real people?”

  “And I told a true story. That is, while I don’t know
whether or not Cannes’ story was true, it is true that he
told that story to the group at a downtown club, and
it is true that he was killed later in precisely the manner
stated by the crumbling records he had been informed of,
on the day stated, although he thought he had ‘gypped
the grim reaper’ through the fourth dimension.”

  “You mean yon believe. . . .”

  “I do, although I occasionally have some doubts. But
if that story was a lie, it is the most amazing and unbe-
lievable coincidence in the world that he should die in
such a manner at such a time."

  “Then why did you publish it as fiction ? There were,
according to your own statement, a group of disinter-
ested and reliable witnesses who could vouch for the
fact that Cannes told the story, and who also, you said,
witnessed the ‘coincidence’.”

  Just then my phone rang. To my astonishment, Cran-
dell Sherman, the man who had started the argument
with Preston in the first place, was at the other end of
the wire. He was evidently pressed for time, hut he in-
vited me pleasantly to meet him at the club that evening.
He stated that he. wanted to gather together again all
those who had heard Cannes’ story, as he had some
light to throw upon it. I went that evening for the second
time to that club, and I took Bill Simons with me.

  We were the first to arrive. Shortly afterward came
Ralph Whiie and John Stevenson, as solemn and intel-
lectual a pair of young men as I ever hope to see. I
asked White to confirm my statement to Simons that my
story had been correct, exact, and true. W'hite did, with
reservations.

  “The story was correct, in the main,” he said pedan-
tically, “although Mr. Cloukey did embellish it a little;
not unduly, however. But he used a badly mixed meta-
phor which really cannot be blamed on Cannes, because
Cannes didn’t try to use any figurative language, in spite
of what the written version is. On the whole, however,
it followed Cannes’ narrative rather closely.”

  I’d have liked to have thrown a dictionary at White
by the time he finished his politely impolite pronounce-
ment, but I had no dictionary anywhere near, and such

an action would have appeared unseemly in the dub. At
least I had confirmation of a sort.

  Crandell Sherman and the others came in from the
next room. After various greetings and introductions,
Sherman was ready to start his talk. I noticed that
everyone who had been present at Cannes’ telling of
his story was present now, with the noticeable excep-
tion of ’Gene Preston, who had violently disagreed with
Sherman and who maintained that Cannes' story was
nothing but fiction, and that traveling through time was
the most absurd of all scientific absurdities. I ventured
a comment on his absence.

  “lie will not be here,” said Sherman, and started at
once on the story which is the sequel to “Paradox.”

Crandell Sherman’s Story

“T HAVE always believed,” he said, "that Cannes

  I was telling the exact truth to us that night. I
think we all were ready to believe it after that
accident, even Preston, although he would never have ad-
mitted it.

  “I was particularly impressed by what Cannes told us
about Endicott Hawkinson, for although Cannes was
obviously ignorant of the fact, Hawkinson was also a
close acquaintance of mine. In fact, he married my
younger sister. A day or so before we heard Cannes’
story I had been talking with her. She told me that she
had not disturbed anything in her husband’s laboratory
since the fatal fire, as she thought that many of his scien-
tific devices had not been seriously injured, and she
intended to have them appraised. She had been out of
town when the fire occurred.

  “The day after Cannes’ death I went over to Hawkin-
son's lab. His widow, my sister, let me in. On the burnt
remains of a heavy table were the charred remains of the
pale blue manuscript, that product of a far-distant cen-
tury. I identified it beyond the shadow of a doubt, though
it was only a heap of burnt paper. Some little pieces
hadn’t completely burnt. They were a pale blue. Two of
them had fragments of mathematical equations on them.

  “Remembering how I had been ridiculed the day be-
fore by Preston, I phoned for him to join me. He did,
although he thought I was joking. That is, he would
have thought I was joking if he himself hadn’t seen
what happened to Cannes. By the time lie arrived I had
determined to my own satisfaction that Hawkinson’s
time machine hadn’t been seriously or permanently in-
jured. The heavy hollow metallic cube, supported a foot
off the floor by four large vitreous insulators, precisely
as it was described to us by Cannes, had not been ma-
terially affected by the flames. The eight heavy cables
leading to its eight corners were still intact. The cube
was five feet six inches in each of its exterior dimensions,
and five feet three on each edge of the interior. There
was a close fitting trap-door in the top of it, and the
remains of a wooden step-ladder were nearby. The heavy
cabinet with the bakelite panel, from which emerged the
eight cables leading to the cube, was intact and hardly
discolored by the. flames.

   “The fire in the laboratory had been not at all severe
in the place where the time-machine stood, though the
damage in other parts of the building had been very
great. This was an enormous piece of good luck.

  “Preston arrived and was astounded and then con-
vinced. He became exceedingly excited, and his enthusi-
PARADOX +

315

asm was contagious. To be brief, we spent several
hours in arguing with the electric company and finally
got them to reconnect Hawkinson’s private power line,
first sending electricians out to the lab. to repair the
faulty insulation that had caused the fire. After all
precautions against a repetition of the short-circuit with
the regular house-lighting circuit had been taken, that
machine of Hawkinson’s for producing and employing
the NN-4 wave, the fourth-dimensional or time-wave
that we learned about from Cannes, was again ready
for use.

  “We set the latitude and longitude dials to indicate
the location of Sydney, Australia; and after much dis-
cussion and argumentation we set the time dials to in-
dicate September 28, 2930. This was the day upon which
Dwar Bonn, Greta Bonn, and Raymond Cannes had left
for New York on the gigantic liner of the air, Patrician.

  “I don’t know cxactly why we chose that particular
date, but our reasons seemed very logical to us at the time
we did the choosing. We were both a little crazy with
the excitement of what we had discovered.

  “We took a certain friend of mine who could be
trusted to keep our secret into our confidence, and showed
him what we proposed. He agreed to help us and to keep
his knowledge of our disappearance to himself, although
he was dubious about the possibility of our intention
and about the advisability of helping us. We gave him
a signed statement absolutely absolving him from any
responsibility in case our disappearance should be traced
to him. When he had thus been protected, he aided us
by throwing certain switches on the panel of the cabinet,
after Preston and I had climbed inside the hollow metal
cube. And so, although we were ignorant of the prin-
ciples and the construction of the machine, we were
taken out of the world in 1928 and put back in in 2930.
But it seemed like ten seconds to us.

  “The sensation was one of rising with terrific accelera-
tion through perfectly black space. There was extreme
cold, and, I think, a complete lack of atmosphere. We
gasped for breath and would have been suffocated if the
journey had lasted a few seconds longer. In the three-
dimensional world it would have taken us more than a
thousand years to reach our destination, but through the
fourth dimension it took us seconds, not centuries. Time
is relative, you know.

  “When I was almost unconscious from cold and lack
of air, I heard distinctly three clicks. The motion stopped
with a jerk that hurt, and light dazzled my eyes. It was
artificial light from a globe above me. I perceived that
I was standing in a deserted street between two buildings
whose sheer height startled and impressed me. Offhand
I estimated that they were at least five times the height
of the Woolworth Tower.

  “Someone startled me by touching me on the shoulder.
T wheeled and saw Preston, whom I had entirely for-
gotten for a moment. Pie smiled at me doubtfully.

  “ ‘Cannes’ story was truth,’ he said solemnly. ‘But,
Sherman, it has just occurred to me that you and I are
the biggest pair of quintuply damned fools that ever
existed.’

  “And we plunged forward into strange adventure.

HEN we had proceeded about a quarter of a
mile, we came to an intersection and noticed that
for some reason the particular section of the street we
were traversing had been blocked off from traffic, which

was thick on the other three arms of the intersection.
There was no noise, no confusion, no dirt and smoke.
The vehicles, of all sizes and shapes, moved rapidly,
silently and smoothly. There was no one near us on the
extremely narrow sidewalk. We watched the traffic,
interestedly, for ten or fifteen minutes, then witnessed
an accident that turned out to be very fortunate for us.

  “Due to some fault in material or workmanship, a
wheel came off of one of the speeding stream lined cars.
The driver, with presence of mind, swerved his machine
out of the rapid line of traffic, and the heavy enclosed
car lurched to a stop a little way up the street that had
been blocked off. Preston and I pursued the wheel and
caught it. It was fitted with a heavy pneumatic tire,
made, I learned later, from cheap synthetic rubber. We
rolled the wheel back to its owner, who had already
jacked up with a little compressed air device his glitter-
ing, peculiarly shaped vehicle. lie put the wheel on with
the aid of a kit of little tools, some of which were also
operated by compressed air. Then, hospitably, he said
that he noticed we were strangers, and offered to take us
wherever we wanted to go. He smiled when we men-
tioned Dwar Bonn’s laboratories.

   “ ‘I work there,’ he said.

  “As Cannes had been, I was amazed at the com-
paratively small changes that had taken place 'in the
English language in such a long period of years. You
remember how Cannes explained that circumstance,
so I won't go into that. Our friend introduced himself
as Jac Vanon, an assistant chemist in Bonn’s great estab-
lishment, but told us that ‘this was his night off,’ but that
he would be glad to take us there. For the first time I
realized that it was late in the day. I remembered notic-
ing the artificial light. Then I saw that it was really late
in the evening, though the great globes, suspended above
the streets on slender cables, gave a natural, pleasant
light.

  “A few minutes later, with Preston and Jac Vanon
at my side, I was standing in the presence of Dwar
Bonn’s confidential secretary. I asked to be permitted
to see him, as I had important news for him. (And I
had such news, for, if I could have seen him then, I could
have told him in advance about the Martian plans, as I
learned them from Cannes after he had returned to 1928
through the fourth dimension.) I was half expecting the
answer I got, for I was just then realizing that we had
picked a rather poor moment to appear in the thirtieth
century.

  “ ‘Dwar Bonn,’ said the secretary coldly, ‘has recently
left for New York on the air liner Patrician, taking with
him his daughter and Ray Cannes, a guest, but leaving
specific instructions that he was not to be bothered by
any messages or communications. Members of his staff
will attend to your “important news.” You will please
dictate it to the dictophonoprinter in the next room,
and it will be attended to in due time, probably in about
three weeks, as there are many things that precede it.
Good evening.’

  “Before I could say a word the high-hat secretary
had disappeared through a door.

  “Jac wras angry. ‘Listen, fellows,’ he said, ‘you’ll never
get any action that way. That secretary is a conceited
imbecile, who wouldn’t lift a hand to help anyone. I’ve
got nothing to do tonight, so if you want me to, I’ll get
my plane and we’ll fly out to catch the Patrician. She
left the Sydney terminus only an hour ago. I can catch
316

AMAZING STORIES

her in another hour. We’ll land on top, using suction-
pad landing gear, because the captain of a big monotri-
plane like the Patrician wouldn’t stop for any reason to
let anyone on. Rut we can stick to him by suction, and
talk through the walls with a dick and a mike.* You
fellows say you have an important message, and if for
no other reason, I’m going to show that-- secre-
tary that he can't sidetrack Jac Vanon.’

  “He was full of enthusiasm for his idea. I guessed,
correctly too I found out, that there was an old grudge
between Vanon and this particular secretary. lie
hustled us back into his car, took us to a skyscraper
garage where he parked the big electric roadster and as-
cended with us to the roof in one of those amazing eleva-
tors, whose occupants feel neither the meteoric ascent
nor the equally rapid descent. He got out his plane from
the hangar 011 the roof, and we took off after he had
fitted us out with two extra pairs of life-disks and had
donned his own. Their use is required by law. Little
metal rods support the disks an inch above the shoulders.
I could hardly believe that in case of accident they would
act as parachutes to save us.

  "As we took off from the roof-drome I became aware
of a thrill of liking for the impulsive Jac Vanon, and I
think Preston did too. In a minute we were away from
the lights of Sydney, shooting along in the smooth silent
plane at a speed of almost 2300 kilometers an hour, more
than twenty miles a minute. The marvelous science of that
far advanced age made such speeds possible without the
slightest discomfort. Inside the plane we felt no vibra-
tion and were not affected in the slightest degree by the
acceleration and deceleration of the skyboat. When we
made turns centrifugal force was not even noticeable.
As Cannes has observed, only by the eyes can one tell
that he is moving.

  “Jac Vanon told us that he would hardly be able to
fulfill his promise of catching the Patrician in another
hour, as he had figured out that more time would be
necessary. Then he asked if we could relieve his curiosity
and tell him why it was so imperative that we reacb
Dwar Bonn. So %ve told him the whole story. He was
tremendously impressed. His mood changed to serious-
ness. lie was a man of the thirtieth century and he
understood very well how, by traveling through the time-
dimension, it was possible to know future events before
they occurred.

  “ ‘So the Patrician is doomed,' he mused. ‘Doomed by
Martian brarron. And the whole world—but you say
they will be warned by radio from the Patrician fifteen
minutes in advance of the explosion. That is fortunate,
for many will be able to escape from the crowded centers
of population, where the explosive is likely to be stored.
If this plane had a radio, I would warn the world even
earlier. But we have none. We’ll try to approach as
near as is safe to the Patrician before the explosion takes
place. Maybe we can save some of the unfortunate
ones who would be hit by fragments of the wreckage
while they are falling with their disks and trying to es-
cape. Fragments of the wreckage will get a lot of them.

  “ ‘Perhaps even now that invisible Martian is killing
Dwar Bonn,’ said our companion bitterly, and then was
silent.

  “That started me thinking. Perhaps even now as we
pursued it, the men on the Patrician were learning from
the captured Martian’s unwilling lips about their danger

* Detector and microphone.

and the danger of the world. Perhaps—perhaps he
hadn’t yet been captured by Cannes. Perhaps Cannes
was on the upper deck under the transparent roof near
the great ventilator with Greta Bonn in his arms, steal-
ing that one kiss she had so hated him for. Perhaps—I
looked out through the side window of Jac Vanon’s fast
plane. The full moon was vivid orange.

  “Jac Vanon swore under his breath.

  “ ‘Greta Bonn is 011 that plane,’ he said. ‘I hope she
survives, or life will be empty for me. Sherman, I ad-
mire your friend Cannes and I'm sorry for him, but
Greta is my girl, not his.’

  “I said nothing. Gene Preston whistled.

  “Far ahead of us we could detect the gleam of lights.
In a very few seconds we came near the Patrician, ninety-
thousand ton liner of the monotriplanc type, three great
wings, one behind another, and the third behind and
slightly lower than the second, supporting the great
lighted fuselage. It was a city in the air and it was
being deserted. Thousands of people were jumping off
and falling with their life-disks. The great plane was
motionless, supported by ten helicopter propellers of
colossal proportions.

  “We knew from Cannes’ story that the explosion
would take place in a very few minutes. I experienced
a thrill of wonder as I realized that Cannes was on that
plane. Yet I had seen him killed by a truck a thousand
years previously. The paradox set my head whirling.

  “The last great wave of people was descending from
the motionless plane, when Jac’s flashed by rather close
to one side. When we were a safe distance away Jac
slowed and stopped, turning his little aircar around so
we could watch. I could see the muscles taut in the
throat of our friend of the future. Preston whisded
again.

  “We saw one lone figure fall away from the Patrician
after all the rest. I thought that it could only be Greta
Bonn. Cannes had refused her offer to give him her
life disks in place of his, that she had destroyed. Cannes
was now alone on that great liner and he had no disks
with which to save himself.

  “At the Martian station at the South Pole, prepara-
tions were being made to broadcast over the entire world
the radio wave that would detonate the brarron in the
cargo-rooms of the Patrician and elsewhere all over the
earth wherever the spies of Mars had placed it. In
ships and airplanes, in factories and great office build-
ings, in cities and in great agricultural regions, the
mysterious brarron, the extraordinary Martian ex-
plosive, was hidden.

  “But the radio staff of the Patrician had warned the
world in advance. All great cities were being deserted
silently. Most of the other great planes were being
abandoned. Fortunately, 110 Martian spy was able to
get word to the commanders at the South Pole about the
disclosure of their plans for surprise, and the detonation
did not take place until the scheduled moment. I f it had
been exploded five minutes earlier, the brarron would
have done twice as much damage as it did.

  “Cannes has told you how he escaped through the
fourth dimension, returning to 1928 to be hit by a truck.
Irony? Destiny? I don’t know.

  "A tremendous yellow flash blinded us. Seven seconds
later the sound and the concussion reached us. As the
wrecked remains of the skyliner fell, Jac’s little plane
hurtled toward it.
PARADOX +

317

  “It was only the front end of the plane that had been
destroyed. The rear half fell toward the ground in one
piece. As it fell I saw Vanon staring at it with puzzled
and expectant eyes. Nothing happened. Our plane
slipped to the left, avoiding the great mass that was fall-
ing intact.

  “Jae put our comet into a steep dive and soon zipped
past a slender figure, falling slowly. By the most daring
manipulation I have ever seen, our pilot put us below
and very slightly to the side of the one who fell, locked
his helicopter control to keep the plane motionless,
opened the door, reached out to seize the girl as the disks
let her down. I had a hunch that she was none other
than Greta Bonn, and exclamations from Jac soon con-
firmed the fact. I remembered from Cannes’ story, that
she had been the last to leave, and she had been the first
we had seen on our downward dive. So Greta Bonn was
rescued.

  “Some piece of the wreckage had hit her. She was
unconscious and bleeding from a thin, clean, six-inch
cut in her forehead. Oblivious of Preston and me, Jac
tried to kiss her back to consciousness. This peculiar
method of procedure met with remarkable success. She
stirred.

  " ‘Raymond,’ she whispered. ‘I’m sorry, Ray Cannes

  “Jac winced and turned away his head.

  ‘‘He took off his outer blue-gray coat, revealing a
garment like a shirt without any neckband or collar. It
was white, made of fine material. He tore it into strips
and bandaged the cut in her forehead, putting on again
the outer coat.

  “ ‘Preston,’ he said, ‘do you think you could run this
boat ?’

  ‘“I’ve been watching you,’ was the reply. ‘I could
make a stab at it, at least.’

  “ ‘I can direct him,’ said Greta weakly, leaning back
wearily against one of the heavy artificial leather
cushions.

  ‘“Fine. Preston will take you back to Sydney, if
there is anything of Sydney left. Er—follow her di-
rections, Preston. Thanks.’

  “Jac hooked his arm in mine and jumped out the
door of the motionless plane, dragging me with him.
For a second cold fear held my heart, but the disks let
us down slowly and I soon gained confidence. Jac was
with me. Far below were many twinkling lights. Vanon
spoke.

  “ ‘In your time there would have been nothing below
us but the Pacific Ocean, but in the last centnries much
artificial land has been created. Below us is a great
wheat region. I doubt if there are any men except those
who jum]>ed from the plane within a hundred miles or
more. Men are no longer necessary for the cultivation
of wheat. Robots do that.’

  “ ‘Why did you leave the girl ?’ I could not help but
ask, as his conduct seemed certainly unloverlike.

  ‘“I’m taking a chance,’ he replied. ‘I’ve got a sus-
picion that may possibly turn out very well for us in
our war with Mars. Considering that, I left Greta
there. Your friend has mechanical ability—the fact is
self-evident. The control system of that plane is very
simple, so I do not expect any difficulty or trouble.
She's lost a lot of blood, so it’s important that she be
attended to soon by a competent physician. A little
modern healing, and there won’t be a scar left.’

  “ ‘What do you plan to do now ?’

  “‘Investigate. There were two cargo-rooms on the
Patrician, one in each end of the fuselage. The pas-
senger quarters were between. It seems unusual that
all of the brarron should happen to have been in the
smaller of the two cargo-rooms. I don’t think the Mar-
tians meant it that way. I think they would have
planted some of it in each cargo-room, for it would have
been much more effective. If they did, perhaps there is
some unexploded brarron in the rear cargo-room. If
we could capture some of it, we could soon find that
elusive wave that detonates it. We could analyze it and
reproduce it. When we find the wave you can under-
stand that all the brarron now in the Martians’ posses-
sion becomes not only dangerous to us, but to them.’

  “ ‘But if there is some unexploded brarron there, why
wasn’t it exploded when the note was sounded?’ I ob-
jected. ‘Why was it not sensitive to the broadcasted
wave ?’

  “ ‘I don’t know,’ said Jac. ‘There probably isn’t any
brarron there. I am just taking a long shot in the dark.
But it just doesn’t seem altogether right that it should
be so illogically distributed. It did its work however.’

  “The disks had by this time let us down almost to the
ground. Close by was the great hulk of the once glorious
Patrician, plainly revealed by the orange moon. Many
men were gathering about it. A large number of them
had electric lights, operated either by batteries or by the
power that was always being broadcast. So far, no brar-
ron had seriously affected the radio-power plants. They
were important units in the world’s organization, but
they had been so well guarded that the Martian spies,
working under cover, had been able to locate no brarron
near enough to them to do any damage, with the ex-
ception of two substations in New York, as we learned
later.”

  Crandell Sherman interrupted his narrative at this
point to answer a telephone call. When he returned, he
took up the story and told us of Jac’s search through
the wreck for the explosive, which was found in large
quantities, due to his playing the hunch he had, when he
saw the airship fall. Sherman told us how he had used
the radio one of the survivors possessed and had radioed
to some of the staff of Dwar Bonn in Sydney.
Most of the scientists at Bonn’s laboratories had escaped
in the nick of time the explosion that wrecked the great
buildings, as brarron had been cleverly concealed in the
foundations of the buildings by some of the Martian
spies, who were all over the world, disguised, for they
were Martian brains that had been transplanted into
the bodies of unfortunate humans who had fallen into
Martian hands. The Martians used human bodies, as
was explained more fully in Cannes’ story, because the
fragile Martian bodies could not exist long on earth
because of the superior gravity. The Martians had
learned this in the two previous Martio-Tellurian wars,
which had taken place in the centuries previous.

  As Sherman has given me express permission to alter
his story in any way I desire, 1 am going to omit large
portions of his narrative, telling at this point of facts
that Sherman did not disclose at the club until the end of
his story, facts that Sherman himself did not know at
the time when he and Jac Vanon found the brarron iit
the rear cargo-room.

  As I understand the situation, the door from which
the two emerged to descend with the disks was almost
318

AMAZING STORIES

directly below the wing of Jac Vanon’s monoplane. As
they sank out of sight in semidarkness, a slight figure
who had been lying flat on the wing, swung down by a
handhold and entered through the door, a tiny odd-
looking pistol in one hand pointing at the astounded
Gene Preston, who was just unlocking the controls,
under the direction of Greta Bonn.

  The girl turned toward the intruder who struck her
heavily with his left hand, which was encased in a
metallic flexible glove. She sank back unconscious
against the leather cushions. Preston made a motion
toward her, but was checked by a threatening move of
the weapon in the intruder's other mailed hand. Preston
looked at the face of his captor.

  The eyes were a deep red-flecked purple, with no
pupils.

  When the Martians transplanted Martian brains into
human bodies, it was found necessary to transplant
Martian eyes also, as the eyes were the only organs of
the body that did not function equally as well for the
Martian brain. The eyes were the one give-away to
the Martian spies, who had managed remarkably well
to keep them concealed with colored glasses, and had
probably been able to kill all human beings who had dis-
covered their secret.

  How the Martian happened to be on top of the wing
I do not know. Sherman was not a witness of the situa-
tion, and his account at the club was nebulous, for his
own knowledge is not very clear on this point. The
Martian could not have been on the wing on the trip out
from Sydney, for the speed, acceleration, centrifugal
force, etc., at twenty miles and more a minute would have
killed anyone, and the air-pressure, caused by the terrific
speed would have blown him off the wing. He must
have been on the Patrician, escaping the explosion even
later than Greta Bonn, landing on top of the wing with
his set of disks after Jac had rescued her by his dare-
devil manipulation of the little plane. Perhaps he was
the same spy whom Cannes had captured aboard the
Patrician. Cannes never knew what finally happened
to that Martian. Perhaps the spy had been able to es-
cape from the officers in whose custody he had been
placed. Perhaps lie overpowered one of them and took
his set of disks. We do not know, but we can conjecture.

  At any rate he had overheard enough to inform him
that the girl was Greta Bonn, daughter of the great
earth-scientist. Due to Jac’s fortunate abruptness, he
had not overheard the reason why Jac and Sherman had
jumped off. The Martian, thinking that the girl prob-
ably had information about her dead father’s scientific
secrets, that would be useful to those at the South Pole,
forced Preston to head the plane south at its maximum
speed. Inside the plane, as has been stated, such speeds
could be endured.

  The plane could be electrically heated, and it rapidly
penetrated the Antarctic regions, speeding at an incredi-
ble rate toward the headquarters of the Martians on
earth. And high in the sky above the South Pole was a
light that ever came nearer. Gradually a low moan made
itself audible and ran up the scale, until it passed be-
yond audibility, as an ear-splitting screech. With ter-
rible momentum the second Martian space flyer plunged
into the soft snow. It was hot from its passage through
the atmosphere, and the snow was vaporized at once,
great bursts and jets of steam appearing.

  The first flyer had brought only spies to lay the

foundation for the war, which now was to begin in real
earnest. “In three days,” the spy had told Ray Cannes,
“not a terrestrial will exist.”

  But Sherman knew nothing of this as he waited in
the outer offlce of one of Bonn’s laboratories at Sydney,
the only one that still existed. It was the chemistry and
physics lab. The destruction and death in Sydney had
been terrible, but the scientists who had escaped, warned
in advance by the message from the Patrician, had re-
turned to the one building that had escaped any serious
damage. Receiving Jac Vanon’s message that he liad
obtained some unexploded brarron, they had sent a plane
out after it. which had come back with it and Jac and
Sherman. Immediately the great staff started the task
of analysis. It was morning when Jac came out of the
chemistry room and told Sherman that they had been
successful.

  I now resume direct quotation from Crandell
Sherman.

Crandell Sherman Continues His Story

AC seemed greatly excited as he told me that the
analysis had been successful.

  “ ‘What,’ I asked, ‘is the stuff?’

  “ ‘It is a compound similar to nitroglycerine, but it
contains no nitrogen, as was erroneously believed until
now. Instead of nitroglycerine, which is glyceryl ni-
trate, it is glyceryl neonate, or neonoglycerine.’

  “‘Neonate? A compound of neon? I thought neon
was an inert element.’

  “ ‘It was, until a couple of centuries ago. Chemistry
has advanced a lot since your time. While nitroglycerine
has the formula C3H5 (NOa)^, brarron is CSH3
(Ne04)3. When it is detonated by that wave it is
sensitive to, it decomposes instantly into gaseous prod-
ucts. You notice it contains more oxygen than nitro-
glycerine. It can also be set off by heat or by a violent
shock, but it is not as sensitive to these as an ordinary
nitro compound. Its exclusive property is its sensitive-
ness to that wave, which by the way, we have not yet
found. The men in the physics lab. have a cubic milli-
meter of the stuff and they haven’t exploded it yet,’ Jac
concluded mournfully.

  “I was astonished by this information. I had thought
that neon was absolutely inert, that it entered into no
chemical combination, had no valence. But these chem-
ists of the thirtieth century did not seem at all amazed
because this rare gas was in chemical combination in
brarron, the explosive of Mars. Since I have returned
to the present time, I have spoken with one of Phila-
delphia’s best chemists. He informed me that neon was
a rare gas occurring in the atmosphere, that it never
entered into any chemical combination, and that it had
formerly been useless, though recently it has been em-
ployed to great advantage in television transmitters, neon
advertising signs, and so forth. When I suggested that
in the far future it might be used to make powerful ex-
plosives, sensitive to certain waves, the chemist laughed
at me-

  “ ‘Now that you have the formula,’ I asked Jac, ‘what
are you going to do with it? Manufacture the stuff?’

  “ ‘We could, but I don't know whether or not we will.
We could easily make all the neon we would want by
transmutation, which would save the trouble of extract-
ing it from the air.’ (This was another astounding
PARADOX +

319

piece of information.) ‘But,’ he continued, ‘the fixation
of neon, that is, the process by which we cause it to
actually combine with other elements to form the neonic
acid, which would be necessary in the manufacture of
neonoglycerine, is an extremely delicate operation, re-
quiring complicated apparatus, much time, extreme con-
ditions of temperature anti pressure, unusual catalysts,
and a great amount of technical skill and ability. Ter-
restrial chemistry is still behind the Martian brand.
They apparently can do it easily, and in quantity. On
the earth, since other acids are much cheaper and more
practical for every purpose, very little neonic acid or
other neon compounds are in existence, although there
are some supplies, principally in the laboratories of a
certain Egyptian scientist.’

  “ ‘By any chance the one who has perfected a process
for causing total invisibility?’ I asked, having in mind
Raymond Cannes’ story.

  “‘Yes,’ he said parenthetically. ‘But the important
thing to us now is not the formation of brarron, but the
means of detonating it, Sherman. The gang in the
physics lab. are trying all wavelengths and combinations
of wavelengths, but the dope is consistently unresponsive.
By the way, we think we've found the reason why it
didn’t explode on the plane a few hours ago. You prob-
ably didn’t notice that nearly all the contents of that
cargo-room, except the brarron, consisted of a new
shipment of uraniuin-radium ores and other radioactive
materials, some synthetic. Because of this, the entire
cargo-room was lined with lead. The other cargo-room
contained no such materials, and was not lined.’

  •“ ‘Indicating that the wave we want to find does not
pass through lead.’

  “ ‘Yes. We might as well get a little sleep. It’s day

already. If my apartment is still in existence- But

first I’m going to make inquiries and see if Greta’s all
right. Your friend is probably lost in this new world,
too.’

  “Two hours more passed before I slept, two nervous
hours we spent in broadcasting inquiries to all authori-
ties, and to everyone, asking for information about Greta
Bonn. No hospital or surgeon anywhere had treated
her, yet when we had left them, their specific objective
had been to get medical treatment. When their disap-
pearance was absolutely established, Jac put me to sleep
with his hypnotic device, and took some needed rest
himself. Without mechanical or synthetic hypnotism,
I doubt if either of us could have slept, so great was
our excitement and suspense. Meanwhile authorities
all over the world were searching for Greta Bonn and
Gene Preston.

  “But the world had other things to attend to, also.
Due to the timely warning, only about thirty per cent
of the world's population had been wiped out by the
explosion of the brarron that had been concealed in all
important citics. Greta Bonn was not the only im-
portant person missing.

  “Late in the same morning Jac and I were awakened,
also by hypnotism. We listened, with many others as-
sembled in Bonn’s laboratory, to the words of Ben Yun,
the able Japanese lieutenant of Dwar Bonn, who had as-
sumed command at the death of the latter.

  “ 'Seismographic department reports,’ indited Yun,
‘concussion indicating arrival of Martian spaceboat
within seven miles of South Pole, while astronomic de-
partment reports two orhers on way here from Mars.

Chemistry men report analysis of brarron obtained from
Patrician, and are making preparation for manufacture
of same, if necessary. Physics men report discovery of
combination of waves necessary to detonate same. Au-
thorities in charge report no trace of Greta Bonn,
hinting possible capture by Martian spy.

  “ 'I therefore order that heam projector of necessary
strength be at once used to direct suitable radio waves
of sufficient power on Martian vehicle now at South
Pole, which same probably contains new supply of
dreaded explosive. As war has now lasted for thirteen
hours, possibility exists that Martians are yet in igno-
rance of terrestrial capture of, and experiments with,
brarron. Executive department, using suitable code,
mathematically impossible to be deciphered by unofficial
persons, will communicate our discoveries and plans to
all of world, particularly to War. Council of Nations
formed this morning and holding secret session in Dis-
trict 3000856 of Florida, as ascertained by our Depart-
ment of News. Because of extreme danger to entire
civilization of world, necessity arises of taking re-
grettable chance that daughter of Dwar Bonn may be at
Martian Polar Headquarters when we explode brarron
at that locality.’

  “The group separated to carry out instructions. Yun
stopped a moment to console Jac, who was fearful for
the safety of the girl. I was very much pleased to find
that the human emotions had a place beneath the Japa-
nese’s unchanging exterior, and I was attracted by his
English, which was perfect except for the omission of
any and all definite or indefinite articles.

  “For the next three hours I made myself useful by
helping Jac operate one of the great decoding robots that
interpreted the messages that came from all parts of the
world through the ether, in codes so subtle and intricate,
whose secrets had been so well guarded, that there were
very few chances out of a million that the Martians could
decode them. They told of the mobilization of the land,
air, and sea offensive forces, and of the preparation of
the great defensive works of every nation. Swarms of
little planes, unbelievably swift, were escorting great
battleairships of a hundred thousand tons and more, to
the south; and these planes carried the most deadly
terrestrial explosive bombs and destructive gases. The
world began to be confident of success when seventeen
hours had passed and the Martians made no further
offensive move.

  “In the meanwhile Dwar Bonn’s men, under the
leadership of Yun, were preparing the great beam pro-
jector. Two more hours passed, and it was ready. Ad-
justments were made and a switch was thrown.

  “Just then news came through my robot that all the
earth's forces had been annihilated when they reached
the latitude of 86° South.

  “Ben Yun smiled, almost. He listened to a pocket
receiver. 'Their victory was short-lived,’ he said. ‘Seis-
mographic department report terrific detonation seven
miles from South Pole.’ ”

******$

ASKING the reader’s indulgence, I am again going to
depart from the thread of Sherman’s narrative, to
try to reconstruct, from very limited information, scenes
which Sherman did not witness. Of course it is under-
stood that there is much that can only be conjecture.
320

AMAZING STORIES

  In a building at the South Pole, very small and with
very thick walls, sat the Martian Offense Commander,
receiving a report from one of his subordinates. If
rendered into English, the conversation was probably
something like this:

  “The air forces of the earth have been shot down?”

  “Completely, Commander. The automatic antiaircraft
guns with those sensitive double systems of photo-
electric and gravitational range-finders to act as mutual
checks on each other have functioned perfectly. Every
shot was effective. Few terrestrials were killed, how-
ever, as the enormous majority of the planes were radio-
controlled, carrying explosives and gases, the latter
spreading out in great clouds threatening to envelop the
entire polar regions, were it not for our operatives, in
planes, neutralizing the gases with suitable chemical
products.”

  “Our comrades in the. other space ship?”

  “Were completely destroyed, as was the staff of sui-
geons who left here with a supply of bodies of captured
earthmen. The surgeons were starting the transferring
of Martian brains to suitable bodies when the ex-
plosion occurred. Either it was due to the carelessness
of some one of our scientists, or else the powers of the
earth have in some manner penetrated its secret. In
either case, the situation is serious. We have lost a great
advantage.”

  “You have prepared germ-culture number R-37a?”

  “Yes.”

  “We can afford to waste no more time," said the Com-
mander. “Tonight all of our operatives will fly north
at the highest altitudes practicable. I do not possess
exact data, but in this thick, rich atmosphere, far greater
heights will be possible than 011 our red planet. They
will carry with them the entire available supply of these
bacteria, and will release them into the atmosphere at
strategic points. They are deadly and hard to kill. Our
scientists worked seven years to develop them. It shows
what selective breeding will do. We shall catch the
earth-scientists unprepared. They have nothing to cure
the hideous disease our little germs will spread. They
multiply astonishingly; tinder favorable conditions a
number of those bacteria will double itself in five
minutes!”

  “Your orders shall be carried out.” The subordinate
left to attend to germ-culture R-37„, while the Com-
mander occupied himself by studying minutely a map his
scientists had prepared of the prevailing air-currents of
the earth.

  A short, slight figure entered the room, carrying, al-
most with difficulty, a slender thirtieth century girl,
cold with death. A white bandage was across the high
forehead. The figure laid the girl’s body on a long table
at one side of the room and turned to his superior, re-
porting the results he had obtained.

  “Egyptian scientist killed. His device for producing
invisibility was captured, but was later destroyed by a
terrestrial, who captured me on the Patrician while I was
attempting to take the new invention of Dwar Bonn,
whom I killed.

  ‘T was captured and hypnotically forced to disclose
all I knew of our plans. World was warned in ad-
vance. Many who otherwise would have been killed
escaped from various centers of population in aircraft.
I escaped from my captors, stole life-disks, dropped off
Patrician shortly before explosion. Narrowly escaped

death from fragments. Captured small monoplane and
two persons, one of them this girl, daughter of Dwar
Bonn. Forced the man to drive plane south, landing
near the newly arrived ship from Mars. The female
commander of that ship wanted the beautiful body of
this girl, instead of the body provided for her by the
surgeons. The man, accompanying the girl, made a fool-
ish attempt to protect her and was killed, while she fled
toward the monoplane. I pursued her. Then the entire
space ship was destroyed by the explosion of the new
supply of brarron it brought. Again I escaped the frag-
ments of wreckage and came here. The girl died from
loss of blood from previously acquired wound on fore-
head, coupled with exhaustion and cold, which she is not
dressed to withstand. I await further orders.”

  Two persons broke into the room. One held in each
hand a heavy pistol, covering the two Martians. The
second carried a small hypnotic dcvice. A third entered,
bringing with him the unconscious form of the Martian,
who had been dismissed with orders concerning “germ-
culture R-370.”

  The three were Jac Vanon, Crandell Sherman, and
Ben Yun, the Japanese scientist.

A BRIEF explanation is necessary. Sherman. ui>on
detailed questioning by Ben Yun, had disclosed
that on the Patrician, Raymond Cannes had captured a
Martian spy and had succeeded in damaging the wired
membrane that had covered the spy, and which caused
light to flow around him in every direction, as water
flows around a fish, thereby producing invisibility. Be-
cause of the non-explosion of the brarron in the Pa-
trician's rear cargo-room, it was thought possible that the
damaged membrane, production of the great Egyptian
scientist, might be still on the plane. Upon immediate
investigation, it was found. Working at fever heat,
scientists under Yun’s supervision repaired the device.

  Then a daring plan to take the offensive had been
conceived, and a liny rockct-plane had been rendered
invisible. It could carry only four people. A courageous
pilot, skilled in the operation of rocket-ships, had been
obtained, and with him went Yun, as commander. He
took Jac along because of the possibility of finding
Greta Bonn; for hours the thirtieth century boy had been
attending to his duty instead of searching for the girl
he loved, and the suspense was telling on him. Sherman
did not make very clear the reason lie was taken along.
Three minutes after the invisible rocketship took off it
landed at the South Pole.

  So it was that they broke in upon the commander of
the Martians. Again I let Sherman take up the direct
narrative. At the time of which he now speaks, he
knew nothing of the events that took place in the
building at the pole before he broke in with the others.

Crandell Sherman Continues His Story

TT THILE I was covering the two Martians, Jac
W saw t*ie £’r*'s body on the table. With a gasp
* * he let fall the delicate hypnotic apparatus in his
hands and rushed to her side. The hypnotic device
crashed on the floor. Ben Yun dropped the Maritan he had
brought in from the outer room, which Martian was l>e-
ing carried quite easily in the herculean arms of the big
Japanese, and picked up the thing that Jac had dropped.
“ ‘Device is broken,’ said Ben Yun.
PARADOX +

321

  “ ‘She’s dead,’ said Jac Vanon in a whisper, and I
heard the first sob since I had come into the future. I
knew he blamed himself for leaving her, even though by
so doing he had made the important discovery of the
unexploded brarron. A wave of sorrow passed over me
at the realization that she was dead. I knew instinctively,
too, that I was never again to see Preston.

  “There was a hard glitter in Ben Yun’s eyes as he
spoke to me. ‘Destruction of hypnotic machine destroys
also our advantage. Impossible now to control minds of
these Martians,’ he said, and turned toward the two with
the inhuman purple eyes. The third was still uncon-
scious at his feet.

  “ ‘Does Commander possess knowledge of English
language?’ Ben Yun asked quietly.

   “ ‘Yes,’ was the. reply.

  “ ‘Very well. If Commander wishes to live, he will
at once disclose to us hiding place of large quantity of
drug known as adrenalin, which is undoubtedly kept at
this headquarters for purpose of reviving human bodies
after Martian brains have been transferred to same.
Earth authorities have all reported suddenly noticed
absence of adrenalin from customary places of supply.
Spies of your planet have been expert in obtaining nearly
all of said drug existing in world. We now desire to re-
take such valuable substance. Commander will be
prompt in disclosing present location of adrenalin.’

  “Jac Vanon rose to his full height, his face trans-
figured with realization and hope. The maximum dose
of pure adrenalin—injected directly by one as skilful as
Ben Yun into that cold, still heart—there was still the
margin of a fighting chance for Greta Bonn—life!

  “A tantalizing slow smile flickered on the lips of the
Martian Commander. There was almost a twinkle in
those red-flecked pupilless eyes of purple. Somehow
they revealed to me the soul of a gambler. Many of the
great generals of history have been gamblers, ready to
stake everything on a chance.

  “ ‘I could lie to you,’ said the Martian, ‘but I won’t.
I could tell you that all our adrenalin had been destroyed
when that space-ship met with disaster, a few hours ago.
As a matter of fact, only some of it was destroyed then.
There is an ample supply on hand in this building, but it
is where you could not possibly obtain it, in time, with-
out my help. The situation is delicate. The fate of two
planets will probably be decided right here in the next
few minutes. There is such a thing as honor the uni-
verse over. If I should disclose to you the location of
this adrenalin, what terms would you offer me?’

  “ ‘I do not command forces of earth,’ replied Yun.
‘But I hold influential position and command large body
of men skilled in every science. My word of honor is
inviolable. I have great desire to give life to beautiful
girl, daughter of my friend, now reposing in state of
lifelessness on table. You permit me to accomplish this;
we leave in our rocket immediately for continent of
Australia; leaving you alive and unharmed, damaging in
no vvay radio station and other great works at this
headquarters. After that we resume war. I make
proposition for sake of girl and boy loved by her, be-
cause I am sentimental man. Any other person on earth,
even though it cost life of girl, would seize chance to
kill and destroy, gaining great advantage for earth. You
make a decision?’

  “ ‘You are confident, are you not?—that you will be
able to defeat us Martians anyhow, in spite of a few odd

dozens of centuries advantage we possess in civilization
and science. You are willing to forego your present ad-
vantage because you think you can defeat us in any
case?’

  “ ‘You say truth. Wc have done so twice previously
in spite of great advantage of extra centuries. We fight
on native planet. You invade across vast void of
space.’

  “ ‘Your proposition is hardly satisfactory. If I refuse
to do as you wish ?’

  “ ‘I cause you to be killed efficiently and immediately.
Then, incidentally destroying all things here too big to
carry off but likely to be of benefit to other Martians ar-
riving here, I conduct rapid scientific search for desired
adrenalin.’

  “ ‘Satisfactory. Shoot. You realize that I am only
a very small part of the Martian machine. Life or death
is nothing to me personally, or to any high-bred Martian.
We are all working toward one objective, and lots of us
will not live, to see it succeed. You do not know, Earth-
man, that your rocketairplane was able to come here
only by chance. 1 thought that all available air forces
had been shot down, and I ordered that our antiaircraft
barrier of guns be halted and inspected for adjustment,
as the sensitive and delicate photoelectric and gravita-
tional rangefinders that enabled our automatic guns to
shoot down every one of your war planes in spite of their
great and varied speeds, are often out of adjustment
after a few hours of constant action. You came through
them and escaped destruction, perhaps even detection,
because of that invisibility. But the adjustment has all
been finished by now. As you try to get out of the
circle again, the photoelectric finders won’t catch you,
but the gravitational finders will. Also, in about twenty
minutes of your time, several of my subordinates will
arrive here to report to me. It is not scientifically prob-
able that you will be able to cope with them at all. They
carry hypnotic instruments. We Martians can use them
too! That foolish boy weeping on the breast of the girl
has been your undoing, for had he not dropped that de-
vice, you could have forced us to do anything in the
world—or out of it! Now you cannot force us, you can
only shoot us.’

  “The face of Ben Yun was an impenetrable mask.

  “ ‘Perhaps I reconsider,’ he said. Then-

  “ ‘Yes. I reconsider. I perceive that if I shoot you, I
and my friends arc caught in hopeless death-trap. You
have astronomical telescope in adjoining room?’

  “ ‘We have,’ said the Martian. ‘Tt is being kept trained
upon the first of the two additional space-ships on the
way from Mars to here.’

  “ ‘Excellent. Please look through it, and perhaps I
make offer satisfactory to you.’

  “Yun took one of my guns from me and pointed it at
the Martian Commander. I kept the other Martian
covered, using the one gun still remaining to me, and
watching my charge every second. The four of us
passed into the adjoining room. Jac Vanon stayed where
he was, still sobbing uncontrollably on the girl’s still
bosom. 1 realized then that he was only a Ixiy, and my
heart went out to him.

  “The Commander gazed through the telescope for al-
most one minute. There was surprise in the purple eyes
when he turned to us, strive though he did to conceal it.

  “‘What has happened to the space-ship. Earthman?'
he demanded.
322

AMAZING STORIES

  “Ben Yun explained. ‘Powerful beam of radio waves
penetrates outward into interplanetary space from great
station in Australia. Waves are proper frequency to
detonate peculiar explosive neonoglycerine, known in
Martian tongue as brarron. Waves strike space-flyer
containing large supply of brarron, and space-flyer is
blown to small fragments. Immediately set your tele-
scope to view other space-flyer.’

  ‘‘The Martian obeyed without a word, and gazed
through his instrument once again. He straightened,
‘it has not been harmed,' he remarked. Then he looked
again and started, turning almost angrily to Ben Yun.
'It too! Did you know that it was to be destroyed this
very minute?’

  “ ‘I was not sure. I did not know whether or not it
contained any brarron.’

  “ ‘What is your offer ?’

  “ ‘This. In five minutes that beam of radio waves will
be directed at Mars, and will sweep swiftly over your red
planet. You see what will happen wherever brarron is
being made? You see what will happen in any ware-
houses where it is stored? You understand what will
occur to any other space-flyer in which it may be loaded ?’
“ ‘Your offer is what?’

  “Ben Yun took from his pocket a pocket radiophone
of the latest design. ‘This instrument enables me to
talk to attentive and obedient assistants on continent of
Australia. If I command in two minutes from now,
radio beam is not projected. I give word of honor to
delay for twenty-four hours, terrestrial time. You warn
your world by splendid radio station at this locality.
They have hours to insulate brarron by means of lead, or
to depart for localities where barron is not present.
Many lives will lie saved on Mars in honorable return
for lives of myself, friends here with me now, and young
girl in other room. Do you accept?’

  “‘I accept. If no explosions take place on Mars in
next five minutes, and you give your word to delay one
earth-day, all of you may depart from here and reach
Australia without molestation from me or my subordi-
nates; and if adrenalin will save the girl, she lives too.
I accept. Give your orders to those in Australia!’
“Ben Yun got in touch with his assistant at once and
told him of the truce. His orders were carried out. His
assistant reported back that the radio projector had been
shut off. Yun turned to the Commander. The latter
turned and led us back to the other room. The third
Martian was still lying unconscious on the floor.

  “ ‘It will be necessary to restore her blood to the con-
dition in which it existed during life,’ stated the Martian
emotionlessly, ‘before you can he successful in reviving
her with adrenalin. You remember where you captured
this Martian?’ he inquired, pointing to the figure on the
floor.

  “ ‘Yes. In third room, through door here to right.’
replied the Japanese.

  “ ‘Very well then. Throw the third switch in the fifth
row. Behind you a large heavy portion of the floor will
slide away, disclosing a subterranean vault where we
keep our chemical and surgical supplies. If you do not
trust us, leave your man here’ (he pointed to me), ‘to
guard us with your pistols. Descend. You will find on
the highest shell, in bottles of Martian design bearing
the label “Rannvor,” a substance known to Martian
chemistry that when injected into the veins of a sup-
posedly dead person, will dissolve all coagulations in the
blood, rapidly purifying and restoring the blood to its
former state. You will find on the same shelf instru-
ments for injecting tliis substance, and a blood-pump for
restoring circulation. Then, by an injection of adrenalin
directly into the heart, you may stimulate that muscle to
activity, causing it to take up the work that the blood-
pump performs, restoring life.’

  “‘Yes. And where to find adrenalin?’

  “I saw the Martian commander hesitate the briefest
fraction of a second.

  “ ‘You will find the adrenalin in other Martian bottles
of larger size, stacked on third shelf from the bottom.
Since capturing it from various places on the earth, we
have purified and rebottled it. It bears the numerical
label, R-37«/ ”

SHERMAN again left us to answer an insistent
phone call. While we waited for his reappearance,
we discussed his story in low tones.

  “I don’t believe it,” said John Stevenson as if trying
to convince himself, “but I know Preston disappeared a
long time ago and hasn’t been located yet. But I don’t
believe it.”

  “You’re a liar,” stated Ralph White casually. “You
do believe it, but you don’t want to admit it.”

  “You’re probably right,” admitted Stevenson slowly,
“I do believe it, in spite of my common sense. I’m
going to get a drink of water while Sherman’s phoning.
Be back in a minute.”

  Ralph White turned to me in his superior manner.
“Going to publish this too, Cloukey?” he asked in-
dolently.

  “Perhaps,” I replied, “though I’ll probably alter it
somewhat. I may even insert a split infinitive.”

  I turned toward my friend William Simons.

  “I’m convinced,” he said, “but I wonder if I’ll believe
it tomorrow, in broad daylight!”

  John Stevenson returned, bursting with news.

  “There’s something odd going on around here.
Crandell Sherman listened to that phone for three min-
utes without saying a word. Then he left here so quick
that he didn’t have time to take his hat from the check-
room. I caught a glimpse of him going toward Market
Street in a Quaker City Cab. I wonder what in the
deuce-”

  “So ends the sequel to ‘Paradox’,” said Ralph While.

The End
The Driving Power

323

  By Miles J. Breuer, M.D.

(Continued from page 311)

  “Charles!” came his wife’s voice through the closed
laboratory door.

  He leaped up and ran to the switches. With one
sweep he shut off all the generators at once. Then he
hurried to open the door. There was his wife, and
behind her, two heavy men.

  Behind him, the picture had faded, and the hum
of the generators was dying down. But he had shut
off the power so abruptly that the vast room was full
of swirls and currents. A blast of air blew out of
the door and the windows rattled. His ear-drums clicked
with the sudden pressure. Papers blew about; a stack
of them swirled off his desk, and his hat circled out of
the window. Blue halos crackled and whirled everywhere.

  His wife gasped at the rush of air, but regained her
supreme calm at once.

  “We couldn’t wait,” she said sweetly. “Here is
Mr. Rosenthal and Mr. Trasky of the Amalgamated
Amusements. They say that they never got your letters
about the machine at all. They were so excited when
I told them what it did. They have a check for a
million dollars all ready written out for you. Isn’t
that wonderful? I know you won’t mind the inter-
ruption, will you dear?”

  Professor Grimm stood and stared blankly. Confu-
sion roared in his head and he could not speak. He
could not think. Sell the Integrator? Lose Amaranth?
Be miserable ? Was it worth a million dollars ? Which
his wife woidd spend?

  On the other hand, he ought to be working. And this
thing had kept him from working. There was the
problem of solar power. His university and the scien-

tists over the country were expecting things from him
on the subject. He was rather ashamed of himself.

  He groaned. He couldn’t decide. His wife stood
there, a jewel of the modern art of beauty-making,
gazing up at him as a kitten might look up at a police-
man. The two men waited respectfully.

  He put his hand to his forehead and sat down at
the board of the Integrator. He reached out for the
“patterns"; he must have a look at them. An icy shock
shot through him. They were not there!

  With a gasp he remembered the papers flying out
of the window. Out in the darkness the wind still
tossed a few sheets about.

  He leaned out. There were white sheets floating on
the river.

He sank back. His “patterns,” those sheets of paper
covered with calculations, giving the settings of the

spark-gaps and the milliamperages-

  He shrugged his shoulders and pulled himself to-
gether with a sudden movement. He turned to the
amusement magnates.

  “I'll take you up,” he said quietly. “Do you want a
demonstration ?”

  “Never mind the demonstration now. We know you.
Let’s close the deal right up.”

  Professor Grimm signed the paper and took the check
from the fat, red-faced man. The two men backed out
of the door lifting their hats as the Professor’s wife
joyously threw her arms about his neck.

  “Solar power,” he was thinking. “Tomorrow I’ll
have to look up Langley’s stuff 011 the pressure of
light.”

The End

What Do You Know?

"OEADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
to be gained through reading its pages than from many a text-book. Moreover, most of the stories are written
in a popular vein, making it possible for anyone to grasp important facts.

    The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please
see if you can answer the questions without looking for the answer, and see how well you check up on your general
knowledge of science.

 1.	From what point of view can matter be considered
 imaginary? (See page 294.)

 2.	Docs the raising of vegetables and animals for food
 purposes only seem scientifically logical? (See
 page 299.)

 3.	What are some of the inconsistencies which can be
 found in our system of law-making? (See page 302.)

 4.	What changes of atomic nature are supposed to take
 place in hot stars? (See page 308.)

 5.	Can we suppose transmutation of matter to take
 place in a Coolidge Tube? (See page 308.)

 6.	What did Moseley's and de Broglie's investigations
 prove about boron and carbon? (See page 308.)

 7.	What is a cosmic cloud? (See page 310.)

  8.	What period of decomposition may be assigned to
  uranium? (See page 333.)

  9.	What causes the elcctrical resistance of selenium to
  vary? (See page 333.)

  10.	What are beta emanations? (See page 333.)

  11.	Assuming force rays to exist, xvliat would Newton’s
  law of action and reaction tell us about them?
  (See page 354.)

  12.	What is the name of Neptune's moon? (See page
  356.)

  13.	What is the similar name of Saturn’s largest moou?
  (See page 362.)

  14.	If two force rays were issuing in diametrically oppo-
  site directions from a body and one was cut off, what
  would happen? (See page 368.)
F 1 a m i n g o

        /.N this age of scientific and inventive progress, which sometimes borders
        on the miraculous, it is difficult to keep abreast of the newest “replace-
        ment." Slot machines have replaced human change-makers; mechani-
        cal cleaners now do the work of numerous workers. The screen—and now
        the vitaphone—have made possible the simultaneous showing of entertain-
        ment in many cities. It is now possible to stay comfortably in your home the
        •while you listen to the best in music and talks. And television—when it is
        perfected—will undoubtedly revolutionize many of the recreations of the
        future. But all of the improved means of amusement are subject in great
        measure to the temperamental whims of the performers. Perhaps some
        enterprising young inventor, devoting himself exclusively to eliminating this
        troublesome feature, will strike the secret of the perfect robot cntcrtainerl
        That would call for revolutionary measures, indeed. And certainly it is not
        impossible in view of our present progress.

 Illustrated by MOREY

T was one of those delightfully cool evenings in
early autumn.

  Tew pits fiiffit ... for here it was, in the
Year of Grace, 1950, and I am getting old.
Standing in front of the tall, pier mirror, I
surveyed myself from tip to toe.

  A widower, with streaked, gray hair; face a bit
youthful, thank Heaven, although not quite the vivacity
and verve of the younger man, who went to glorious
France in the Great War.

  Other wars had occurred since then, but, owing to
injuries suffered in the campaigns, in which I had been
engaged, I was unable to take any active part in these
latter upheavals.

   Seating myself in my favorite chair, I took a tobacco
capsule from the tobacco-jar, and, placing it in the
little puff-pipe, a touch at the side of the pipe, and an
electric spark had ignited it.

  It was uncommonly fine tobacco from my son’s plan-
tation in Siam.

  The American crop of tobacco had practically become
extinct, due to the elusive, festive Japanese beetle, that
had its first incubation grounds at the mouth of the
Delaware River, back in 1927, thence spreading into
Delaware, Maryland and Virginia, on the South, and
New York, Connecticut and Maine, on the North.

  There was some Burley tobacco left, but of a powdery
consistency and quite unripe.

  T leaned over and took from the bookcase a volume
on the War of 1940 between Russia and Italy.

  However, I felt ill at ease, and threw the book back
on its shelf.

   It seemed too wonderful an evening to remain indoors.

  Leaning back, my mind reverted to enjoyable evenings

of the past ... of the days of the cinema and sound
devices now long since forgotten.

  Few people in 1930 had had the vision to grasp the
fact that the constant experimentation with synchroniza-
tion of moving pictures with sound and talking, the
amalgamations of great artists, the increasing overhead,
would overthrow the dynasty of Filmdom.

  It had been a source of keen annoyance to me that
films had become as extinct as native tobaccos.

  Well, it had to be, I suppose. Did not the good people
of my grandmother’s age rise in rebellion upon tallow-
dips, replacing same with the gas flame, and later with
the Mazda lamp?

  By man’s own individuality, his own superiority, his
iconoclastic ideas, he had, in his attempts to improve
the drama and moving pictures, created a machine that
had overthrown their progenitors.

  Of course, master minds immediately were compelled
by the loud outcry to devise new ways to amuse the
masses.

  It had remained for one Simeon Philo, an astute
thinker of advanced years and brain, in collaboration
with a young genius, in his late thirties, by name Trevor
Matthias, to evolve a plan that would revolutionize the
spoken drama of stage-humans and of the screen as
well, that had so signally failed.

  Philo, like his predecessor of antiquity of the same
name, thought it fitting that Greeks and barbarians
alike should share in any absolute good.

  The rich and the poor would benefit by his mind.

  Ingenious Philo recollected that back in 1928, man-
kind first began experiments with mechanical con-
trivances called “Robots.”

  Did not one robot open a national fair in 1929? Did

324
A Drama
of A.D. 1950

By Clarence Edward
Heller

Down in the pit was a long white operating table. . . . From a door high up
in the wing the robot doctor entered.

 325
326

AMAZING

STORIES

not robots officiate at cornerstone layings; proxied for
speakers at banquets and commencement-day exercises;
testified for absent witnesses in the trial courts?

  By accident then had the young assistant, Trevor
Matthias, one night stumbled upon a great secret.

  All that long night he bad toiled in the laboratory
of the great Philo, and in the morning laid before his
superior, a robot that almost resembled a woman!

  Heretofore all robots had been masculine.

  Matthias went one step farther ... lie evolved sex,
yet in such a delicate manner that man’s imagination
could conceive no evil upon looking at her beauty.

  For, in the processes of the years man had become
accustomed to look upon his brother and sister as one
family, minus sex, the same as flowers dwell together
iu spiritual beauty.

  His female robot sang exquisitely as any diva, and
in any language desired.

  She could also walk, dance, executc contortions, fly,
climb, circle the ceiling.

  Naturally, the same principles were applicable to the
male robot.

  Philo was jubilant . . . and the Press that night gave
its entire first pages to the discovery.

  I laid down my puff-pipe upon the stand, blew out
the last cloud of nicotineless smoke, and arose from
my seat.

  It was a wonderful age in which I lived, and what
of the morrow?

WANDERING aimlessly about my room, an idea
presented itself to me. I would descend to the
floor below and pay my respects to the Van Swaggers.

  Grasping a pole in the hallway, and touching a key,
I immediately was carried on a circular platform to the
floor beneath me.

  Knocking upon the Van Swaggers’ door, a reflector
overhead carried my impression to their living-room, and
soon the door opened, and admitted me.

  A robot took my hat and coat, for I was dressed
for the street.

  The family greeted me warmly; the elder Van Swag-
ger had been playing a game of international chess
with an opponent in Switzerland, over the wires of the
Atlantic Cables, Incorporated. I did not interrupt the
game, but watched him take a bishop, as he talked
into a receiver, and baited his victim some six thousand
miles distant.

  “Won’t you listen to the closing numbers on the
photophone, Alonzo?” queried Madame Van Swagger,
who had known my wife when she was living.

  Did 1 omit to mention that my name is Alonzo Hep-
burn? Pardon my omission.

  I thanked her, and inquired for Miss Dolly Van
Swagger, who, her mother informed me, was dressing.

  “Is she going out?” 1 asked, feeling a trifle
disappointed.

  “Oh, no,” replied her mother, “just dressing in case
company dropped in.”

  “I am not company,” I laughed, at which the mother
smiled.

  I enjoyed some of the singing of the concert pro-
gram, which was being broadcast by the Photophonic
Process, Ltd., of Great Britain, founded in 1935.

  Young Tom Van Swagger interrupted the concert to
get a ball score of the indoor baseball game then in

progress in Toronto, Canada, with a rival team from
Tokio, Japan, before an estimated audience of one
hundred thousand persons.

  Again the music proceeded, and at this juncture,
Miss Dolly Van Swagger, a demure lady of some
twenty-six summers, but appearing to be but eighteen,
made her appearance, gowned in soft white, bare-footed,
and with hair braided down her back.

  She greeted me shyly, because I am old enough to
be her father, although, when I tell her this, she always
grows angry and says I humiliate her before the
household.

  “Why don’t you two young people go into town and
see ‘'Flamingo, the Great Extravaganza,” at the Times
Square Community Theatre?” queried the mother.

  At the word “young” I gave the mother an arch
look, and Dolly catching it, turned on the pivot of her
foot and took a seat near the Photophone.

  “Will you accompany me. Miss Dolly?” I eagerly
asked.

  She alTected to pout for a minute, then turned to
me and smiled her assent.

  “What time is it now?” inquired the mother.

  “Just eight-thirty exactly,” I responded, glancing at
the luminous dial on the ceiling.

  “You have one-half hour to get there, and Dolly will
take but five minutes to change to street or theatre ap-
parel,” said her mother.

  “Where shall we go?” asked Dolly of me.

  “Your mother had suggested ‘Flamingo,’ ’’ I reminded
Dolly gently.

  “Oh, yes, to be sure,” she replied, reddening under
my gaze.

  “Well then, dear, be off, for you ought to be in your
seats by nine o’clock,” her mother answered briskly.

  Excusing her lovely self, the white-clad Miss Dolly
rang for a robot, and presently a female appeared, who,
opening a door, preceded her mistress to the bed-
chamber.

  Ten minutes later a vision in cerise appeared, in the
person of Dolly, appropriately garbed for “Flamingo.”

  Here I must mention that in this period the ladies
all dress in ailectation of the central figure in a drama
that they may witness.

  Inasmuch as the star “Flamingo” was garbed in a rich
rouge, women affected that shade in attending.

  Miss Dolly was dressed in brilliant feathers, of a
hen-pheasant, possibly. Her head-dress was the same.
She wore sole-slippers, of course. I did mention, I
had hoped, that shoes and evening slippers had long
since gone out of date for women.

  Tom Van Swagger was now listening in on an ice-
hockey game broadcast from St. Moritz. Thus, both
father and son were contacting Switzerland at one and
the same time.

  Mr. Van Swagger appeared to be having difficulties,
however, for his brow was furrowed in deep study, as
he just grunted a “Good Night” to us.

  Once out in the corridor, I touched the key, and
both grasping the pole, we stepped on the circular plat-
form and were conveyed to the first floor.

  Walking to the doorway, we emerged into the cool,
night air, and taking Miss Dolly's wrap, I threw it
around her white shoulders.

  Pressing a switch on the outside of the hotel, a door
flew up. Depositing two spheres of metal in a slot,
FLAMINGO

327

\vc descended one flight, and took places on the moving
sidewalk.

  It was a leisurely journey of fifteen minutes, and
Dolly amused herself glancing at the electric displays
in the underground stores. Far below us we could
distinctly hear the roar of the vehicular traffic tube.

IT had been my thought to attend the premier of
“Flamingo,” but I have an aversion to huge, over-
flow crowds. The Morning Eleclogram, which daily
flashed the news to me across my dining-room wall,
Told me the morning after the premier that fifty thou-
sand persons had been turned away the night previously.

  Alighting at Forty-second Street, we took the escala-
tor to the street level, and traversing a circular building,
in which were located some two thousand families, we
entered the largest theatre in the world.

  What a vast place it was!

  Seating seventy-five thousand persons; containing rest-
rooms; a restaurant where good meals could be ob-
tained at the nominal figure of only two dollars per
plate; baths; masseur; coiffeur; hospital; library; tea-
rooms, smoking-rooms; international telephone service;
bridge-whist room; tennis courts; photophonic concert
room; in short, a resort for kings.

  Upon the roof of the building was assembled quite a
fleet of airboats, that came and departed at all hours for
distant points.

  The show would begin promptly at nine o’clock, and
it lacked but a few minutes of the hour.

  Observing on the frame, which was located at the
fourth aisle, West, that seats fourteen and fifteen were
vacant, as indicated by red lights bearing numerals, we
made our way, unattended, pausing at the designated
tally light at the row entrance. We easily found our
places, which were distinguished in the semi-gloom by
pale, yellow signal-lights atop each seat. Upon taking our
places, the signal-lights were automatically extinguished.

  Surrounding the theatre were large, upright mirrors,
probably fifty feet in height by twenty feet in breadth.

  The show itself was reflected in these mirrors from
the front, or Master Show. Seats in the Master Show
section were, of course, more expensive.

  People sat in tiers, in the mirror section, one elevated
above the other, with perhaps two thousand souls in each
alphabetically arranged portion.

  Our seats happened to lie directly in line with the
Master Show.

THE lights were suddenly extinguished, and a large
disc, forty feet in diameter, under the stage level,
began to revolve slowly. Faster and faster it rotated
until faintly the notes of music could be heard. Attain-
ing full speed, beautiful harmony floated out over the
great theatre.

  This instrument was called the Orphonium, which
broadcast music direct from the Picadilly Circus Dance
Emporium, in London.

  Then, scarcely perceptible, it changed over to the
latest “hit” . . . the theme song of “Flamingo” . . .
“Red Love.”

  It was a song concerning a lovely woman, whose heart,
pierced by the knife of a rejected lover, was sutured by
the skill of a doctor’s needle. The doctor, you may be
sure, was madly in love with her.

  The blood-drops had ceased to surge with the collapse

of the aorta, and this was intermingled in a color and
harmony scheme of red, as the doctor strove to revivify
her.

  Now, the music ceased altogether, and in the darkness,
I felt the tiny hand of Miss Dolly timidly steal into mine
for mutual protection, as it were. I gripped her little
hand more fervidly than the occasion demanded, at which
I felt her snuggle toward me.

  Suddenly, a rattling, as of chains being run through
a hawse pipe, or from the prow of a slave-galley . . .
and a tropical number . . . broadcast by the Underseas
Photophone Subsidiaries, of Great Britain and India.

  The lilting tantalizing notes ol “Euphemia, a Snake
Charmer’s Dream of the Ganges,” caused the scattered
audiences to sit up in anticipation.

  Illuminated signs at each side of the box-stage an-
nounced the musical numbers.

  From the box-stage itself, which had usurped the
screen and familiar stage of the period 1930, now de
trop, large rose-colored curtains fell back, disclosing un-
dreamed-of scenic splendors.

  A plantation scene in Africa ... a chanting of a solemn
dirge, by invisible voices . . . and then, in a halo of light,
the central figure in the brilliant spectacle of “Flamingo,”
the beautiful robot Mile. Flamingo, pirouetted across
stage on tip toe.

  “What a beautiful woman!” ejaculated Miss Dolly.

  “She is not a woman, but a robot,” I answered, to
her amazement and unbelief.

  “You are jesting, Alonzo,” she answered, calling me
by my first name, and thrilling me, old fool that I am.
Of course, the injection of radium-iron had taken twenty
years from my appearance, but, dash it, I was no longer
a boy.

  I dismissed such thoughts as unbecoming, and turned
my mind to the brilliant personage of the Drama.

  Simultaneously, allow me to mention, in each mirror
that I have described, the action of the Master Show
was being faithfully portrayed.

  A young man seated in front of me tilted back his
reclining, wicker-chair, and sighed deeply.

  Now, from her lips emanated, far more gloriously,
I will admit, than any human singer ever had attempted
on the old synchronized screen of the Thirties, so archaic-
ally illogical . . . the lovely notes of “Red Love.”

  I closed my eyes, lost in a reverie, occasioned by the
sublimity of the voice.

  It gripped Miss Dolly, too, for I perceived when I
opened my eyes that she was staring at me like a startled
fawn.

  This was the identical number that the Orphonium
had played as a Prelude.

  From the wings of the box-like stage drifted exquisite
phantom robot shapes, each one taking up the chorus,
until the playhouse vibrated with the harmony.

  From the Deaf Section, in which those, who were so
unfortunate as to be deprived of hearing, were seated,
the cut-in waves of sound, from the Arboreal Hearo-
graph, a peculiar sponge-like contrivance, that hung,
suspended, overhead, rendered each one's affliction
neutral.

  For the blind, let me add that there was a reserved,
though costly, Solarium, into which poured the beneficent
rays of a Spectrumoscope, located on the ceiling, and
penetrated the brain-cells of each living person seated
therein. This reproduced on the extinct retina images
328

AMAZING STORIES

of light, that gave them intelligent reading of the Show.

  Thank God for these inventions . . . Deafness and
Blindness removed from Man, who had evoluted high
enough in the process nf the things of the Cosmos to
receive direct messages from his Creator.

  But, I must not digress in this manner, except to
give you some ideas of the marvelous improvements of
the era.

SCENE Two then burst upon us, and again, the
exotic Mile. Flamingo robot circled around the
stage, gracefully as a human being, performing contor-
tions hitherto unknown, and unaltemptcd.

  Bird-like robots now descended from the ceiling of
the theatre, and where they came from I never can de-
termine. They circled the vast audiences, dancing, twit-
tering, chirping, and from miniature photophonic cells
echoed their music, until the vast theatrical coliseum was
aflood with melody.

  I cannot, of course, attempt to describe the entire
three-hour performance.

  It shall suffice that I shall tell you the high lights of
the lieautiful, transcendingly-lovely, Extravaganza.

  In the fourth scene, of the fifth action, occurred the
murder.

  Heads were craned forward, and Miss Dolly placed her
head on my shoulder, to which I made no objection.

  The theme song once more crept over the entire
house, with its tangled talc of red love, played by the
indescribably beautiful Orphonium, and taken up by a
chorus of three hundred robots, who burst from their
habitat, and floated about the theatre, upon invisible
wires, each one seeming a living thing of loveliness and
song.

  A hush fell over the excited audiences, as the lover
of the spectacle, the robot Doctor, arrived in mid-air,
in a marvelously contrived and lighted bird robot ... a
flamingo ... all in red and jeweled effects, scintil-
lating. . . .

  When the bird alighted upon the stage, he. sprang from
it, and ran over to Mile. Flamingo. Prostrate, heart sev-
ered by the knife of the assassin, she lay a beautiful
thing of pity.

  The robot Doctor recoilcd from the sight, and his
grief was pathetic to behold. Miss Dolly assured me, in
vehement undertones, that she felt certain he was human.

  Once more I corrected Miss Dolly by telling her the
Doctor was a robot.

  There was an intermission at this part of the program
of fifteen minutes, and as the. hundreds of thousands of
lights appeared, as if by magic, brilliantly lighting the
scene, we were aghast at our large audiences.

  Every seat was occupied, and none were standing,
for it was a rigid ordinance of the police department
of the great metropolis that each person must be seated,
nr no ticket was to be sold.

  There was a special box reserved for distinguished
guests and royalty.

  Someone in the audiencc, with ferret eyes, detected
the inventor, Simeon Philo, in the box, and the admirers
present demanded a speech.

  He was very self-conscious, however, and to all the
demands, was adamant. He arose and bowed several
times.

  Robots appeared in the aisles carrying napkins, and
wheeling tea and coffee wagons.

  Miss Dolly and I sipped some delicious tea, which the
female robot sugared to perfection.

  The lights blinked, and we deposited our cups and
saucers in a groove, under our seats, a chain-elevator
immediately taking them below to the kitchens, w'hile
the groove elosed up quickly.

  The fifth scene of the fifth action disclosed the stage
changed and set . . . with a marvelously contrived
amphitheatre, containing row upon row of seats.

  Robot students could be determined hurrying cach one
to his place.

  Down in the pit was a long, white, operating-table.

  Miss Dolly groaned when the increasingly greenish
light betrayed the form of Mile. Flamingo, stripped
of all embellishment, with the blood of the congealed
w'ound upon her breast.

  My reader must remember that through due processes
of invention, we had arrived at a state of nerves, whereby
we were able to witness sights, that in 1930 would have
prostrated the entire audience.

  From a door high up in the wing, the robot Doctor,
garbed in regulation wine gown and covered head, now
entered, followed by two nurse and three interne robots.

  The Doctor faced the audiences . . . every eye and ear
was strained.

  He began to sing, and the burden of it was that his
Love was cruelly dead . . . and he then half raised her
so that the thousands of witnesses could perceive the
truth. Her heart, rent in twain, was lifeless utterly, and
he sang of his hopes that their love, destined to be so red,
could survive the grave.

  The embryonic doctor-students now rose in a body and
chanted the awful dirge of “Corpus Delicti,” a sort of
litany, as nearly as I could guess at it, telling the sub-
stance of the terrible offense to the dead.

  A crash of music . . . keyed to its fullest extent . . .
so vast in volume that several prisms in overhead chan-
delicrs broke, and narrowly escaped doing serious mis-
chief as they fell upon the seats in the Deaf Section.

  The Orphonium was now playing, in all its awful
solemnity, the world-famed Rehabilitation March from
the “Souls Afloat,” by the Curator of the Research De-
partment of Oxford Museum.

THIS was, let me explain to the uninitiated, a dat-
ing composition of the composer Liszt, in Spirit
World. The Curator, aided, of course, by his profound
studies of the spirits, had succeeded in establishing com-
munication with Liszt, and from him, had obtained and
put into words and music the inspiration of a Soul float-
ing in the ether. Literally, therefore, “Souls Afloat1’
expressed the theme. Of the sublime feeling of the body
after death . . . that never more can be associated with its
Soul. The Soul, being immortal, and the body, cor-
ruptible and of the dust, must forever leave the thing
corruptible and become a thing, separate and apart. Many
would not believe this truism, but the honest Curator
had explained, quite satisfactorily, to many bodies of
scientists all over the world, which were radioed as far as
Jupiter and Mars, that a perfect development like the
Soul cannot more inhabit an iniperfected development
like the Body, after worms had eaten the flesh.

  In the atmosphere, a spirit shape now was making
itself visible, which, in unearthly fashion, loudly protested
that the urge of the robot Doctor had brought it almost
from the boundaries of Spirit World.
FLAMINGO

329

 The robot Doctor, with demoniacal laugh, caught the
 spirit, tucking it into the wound, which he now deftly
 closed, and tied the threads.

 He again faced the audiences and in his eyes was a
 forlorn hope.

 “I have recalled, by the Miracle of Love, the Soul of
 my Beloved. Ilad her body been corrupted, I would have
 suffered instant annihilation for my temerity. But, her
 lovely Itody is still preserved. Without the spirit, which
 is the Soul, even though my skill could produce life itself,
 my work would be as naught. For, who would wish a
 Love without a Soul ?”

 These words he called forth, ending in a great sob.

 The student body now took up the burden of his
 despair, chanting, in unison . . . “For, who would wish
 a Love without a Soul?”

 We could almost hear our own hearts beating.

 Now, the despair of the robot Doctor began to turn
 into a great joy.

 lie advanced to her form, peered at it keenly, then
 cried, in a mighty voice. . . .

“Look! LOOK!”...

 Mademoiselle Flamingo was actually rising from the
 table!

 With one white hand to her heart, and guileless, as
 her lovely body faced the immense assemblage, she smiled
 at -her robot lover.

 “You live, you live?” he asked her, incredulously, now
 that bis work of love had been successful.

 “Life for thy life,” she answered, sweetly, holding her
 arms out to him for bis embrace.

 "Red love, Red love,” . . . and with these words, he
 gathered her form elose to him.

 The student-body now sang paeons of joy.

 Celestial music radiated to all quarters from a har-
 monium, suspended in the center of the theatre ceiling,
 some seven hundred feet over our heads.

 Gradually, as the startled and semi-hypnotized audi-
 ences gazed with strained eves at the sccne. the robot
 Doctor and Mile. Flamingo, still in a tight embrace, were
 wafted, mysteriously, into thin air, the bejeweled bird,
 “Flamingo,” hovering over them until they were lost in
 the sunset.

 Amid a crescendo of divine music, the amphitheatre
 scene melted out, as ice dissolves upon a window-pane
 under the genial warmth of a freshly-lighted fire.

 A shower of lovely flowers now fell upon every one of
 the many audiences.

 Among my souvenirs of this brilliant Extravaganza
 there is left a rose, which I took from the scented hair
 of Miss Dolly, which she allowed me to keep.

 The audiences of seventy-five thousand persons arose
 and cheered like mad.

 In the Master Show section were possibly fifteen thou-
 sand souls and in the Mirror and Special sections sixty
 thousand souls.

 As we peered over the brilliant scene, Miss Dolly
 was almost overcome by the overwhelming greatness of
 the spectacle.

 NOW the theatre, as one unit, rolled back upon its
 hinges, so to speak. Glass door after glass door
 noiselessly rolled upon each other until all was one vast,
 open expanse.

 After the audiences had made their exits, the seats
 automatically sank into the floor.

  There would be no danger of panic with such pre-
ventive measures.

  Later in the night a dance orchestra dispensed music
to those who cared to pay a slight fee, and dancers would
be gracefully scurrying over the very places where we
had been seated.

  It was nos.- a few minutes past twelve o’clock.

  We made our way to a grill one level below the theatre
floor, near the moving sidewalk.

  I ordered some chops, toast and wine for two.

  “To think,” said Miss Dolly, her face flushed, while
waiting for the robot waiter, “what a marvelous show,
solely with robot artists.”

  I was glad to perceive that the entertainment had been
so fascinating to her.

  It did seem inconceivable that anything mechanical
could act with such precision without one flaw.

  At this juncture, the smiling face of the female robot
waitress interrupted my musings and Miss Dolly’s
enthusiastic comments.

  The supper was delicious.

  “I am grateful for these robots, Alonzo,” Mis3 Dolly
quaintly remarked.

  “And, why?” 1 asked her.

  “'One does not have to be, er . . . jealous of you
fascinating men even though the waitresses are so
charming.”

  I laughed heartily at this, and cut a cigarette from the
concealed cigarctte-string in the mechanical cigarette
humidorium.

  Cigarettes came on long ropes, some forty feet in
length, allow me to explain, and at each clip of the cutter
one had a freshly cut smoke.

  After a few minutes I discerned the Manager of the
theatre approaching, whom I knew intimately.

  “How are you tonight?” he asked me, extending his
hand, and shaking mine cordially.

  I introduced Miss Dolly to him, assuring him that
I felt fine.

  “And the Show?”

  “Exquisite,” we both answered in one breath.

  “You know,” he began, taking a chair with us, and
accepting a small glass of wine, Ziegfeld, the glorifier of
women of his period, turned his houses into robot shows.
But, ah, they were marvelous! His did not, however,
produce on the same extravagant plan as I do in the
Community Theatre.”

  I nodded my head, comprehendingly.

  “When a robot opened a national show back in 1929,
it occurred to me then that they would feature in a big
way in the theatrical world.

  I can recall many amusing situations as the public
first began to become acquainted with the new world
marvel, the robot. One night Ziegfeld told me that a
certain rich type of stagestruck Johnny of those days
was much enamoured of a beauty in one of his choruses.
Ziegfeld was then running in several female robots
with his acts, and the manner was laughable in which
the audience would try to detect the human chorine from
the artificial.

  Well, this certain devotee of the show waited outside
an hour in a pouring rain, on West Fiftieth Street, and
when a lovely lady emerged to step into a cab, be rushed
forward and thrust a bouquet of orchids in her hand,
which contained an expensive ring concealed among the
flowers.	(Continued on page 345),
The Message from

By David M. Speaker

Author of “The Disintegrating Ray”

      fVREAT strides in the field of photo-electrics have been attained through the
      use of selenium. That does not mean, however, that there might be no other
      element in existence with stronger photo-electric properties than selenium—strong
      enough, perhaps, to make possible enormous distance radio communication. If
      any of the planets are inhabited by intelligent beings, or forces, or whatnot, inter-
      planetary radio communication might become an actuality when such an ele-
      ment is discovered. Mr. Speaker is well known to our readers. In this story he
      combines excellent writing with plenty of science of unusual interest.

Illustrated by MOREY

Prologue

jA FTER I had sweltered in the torpid city heat for
over a month, Wadson’s letter almost made
f 1 me believe he was inspired. Needless to say,
y % 1 jumped at the opportunity thus offered me
to spend several weeks with him in the

 Catskills.

   My friend was there to meet me at the station in his
automobile.

   ‘‘It’s great here!” he exclaimed. “Hunting, fishing,
boating all season. But there’s a surprise for you. I’ve
brought over a regular laboratory and I’ve . .

   “A laboratory? 1 never knew you were interested in
science. And even if you are, what on earth possessed
you to bring your paraphernalia out to this place ? Must
have been an awful job.”

   “I thought it would be a surprise,” said Wadson. "You
see, I’ve conceived a sudden passion for physics and
chemistry in the last year or so. 1 accidentally met one
of my old professors and we got talking about science
and so forth. That was the beginning of it, and I
brought a lot of stuff along with me so that I could
work uninterruptedly.”

   “Well,” I exclaimed, “you never do things by halves,
do you? What’s going to happen to your lonely guest
while you are pottering in your laboratory?”

   Wadson smiled.

   “1 suspect,” he said, “that the ‘lonely guest’ will be
interested in pottering in the laboratory himself when he
hears that there is a twelve-tube combined radio and
television set under construction there.”

   By this time we were passing through the driveway
leading to Wadson’s home. The building was roughly
rectangular, with an adjoining wing for the laboratory.

   “How would you like to see my lab first?” Wadson
suddenly asked.

    The laboratory which we entered immediately was a
  room of modest dimensions, but its chemical equipment
  was complete. The whole place was littered with chemi-
  cals, beakers, tubes and bottles, but there was little that
  bore testimony to any interest the owner might have in
  physics. I said as much to Wadson.

     “Yes. that’s true,” he answered, “for you see I got the
  chemicals and chemical apparatus first. Then I started
  the physics end with the television set. As a result I
  forgot everything else but that. Look here.” With these
  words he attracted my attention to a closet at one end of
  the room and opened the door. Within was the largest
  apparatus for television work that T had ever seen. The
  immense scanning disk was equipped with lenses after
  the latest pattern, and the whole machine was connected
  with a twelve-tube radio set.

    “Looks nice, doesn't it?” he grinned.

     “It's really great,” I replied, “and it must have cost a
  good deal. How large an image does it form?”

    “Well, it cost me about $250.00, including the radio
  and tubes, but it is not quite finished yet. The image
  will be about three by three and a half inches when mag-
  nified. Not very large, you see, but it will have the ad-
  vantage of being clear and free from distortion. I may
  arrange to have it projected on a ground-glass screen.”
  And thus I whiled away the evening in Wadson’s com-
  pany as he enthusiastically pointed out the different fea-
  tures of his television set.

    But here T find myself digressing from the self-
  appointed task which I have set, the narration of the
  Message from Space, which has crcated -so much interest
  and discussion in various scientific circles here and
  abroad. Therefore I will pass on to the first episode, the
  advent of the meteor.

    It was towards the second week of my visit that we
went to bed rather earlier than usual one night, having
planned a fishing trip for the next morning. I was sud-
330
As we approached closer, these areas proved to be the openings of great shafts, which apparently went far. Mow

the surface

  331
332

AMAZING STORIES

denly awakened by a deafening roar, immediately fol-
lowed by a terrific crash. At once I jumped up and
raced to my friend's room. As I switched on the light,
I was horrified to see Wadson lying unconscious on the
floor amidst the ruins of his bedroom. A hasty exami-
nation revealed that his head had been hit by a falling
picture, but in a few minutes he regained consciousness.
Now that my anxiety was relieved, I inspected the dam-
age more thoroughly. All the evidence pointed to an
explosion. The bed and other furniture had been
knocked over and great lumps of plaster had fallen from
the walls. Wadson was by now completely recovered
from the shock and he came over to join me.

  “Looks bad," he said. “Don't you think we had better
go around and examine the rest of the house?”

  “If you're all right, 1 guess we can. What, do you
suppose, caused it?”

  “I can't imagine. I don’t keep nitroglycerine or dyna-
mite lying loose around here. Might have been an earth-
quake,” said Wadson.

  “An earthquake would have lasted longer and besides,
my room wasn’t even touchcd. If it were an earthquake,
the entire house would have been demolished." Just then
a large piece of plaster fell from the ceiling, narrowly
grazing my arm.

  “We really ought to get out of here before the whole
thing comes down,” Wadson observed. “We will prob-
ably find the cause when we investigate.” As we stepped
outside into the corridor, the full extent of the damage
became apparent. That section of the house near my
friend’s room had been almost completely destroyed. So
far we had been unable to assign any cause to the de-
struction.

  “It’s fortunate,” said Wadson, “that the lab wasn’t
ruined. As it is, there is still enough of the house left
to live in.”

  “You seem to take it pretty calmly,” I answered.

  “It can’t be helped and we might as well make the best
of it.” And with that we continued our inspection. The
doorway at the cud of the hall was blocked with fallen
debris which prevented our further progress in that
direction. Thereupon we turned to another opening.

  “It seems to me that I smell smoke,” remarked Wad-
son, “and I believe it comes through here,” indicating the
obstructed doorway. Even as T looked T could see faint,
hazy whisps rising from the bottom of the door.

  “You’re right,” I said. “The place must be on fire and
we had better get around there at once." Tn a few mo-
ments we were out of the corridor and at the other side
of the door. At first I could see nothing but choking,
blinding torrents of smoke. However, the gray veil was
suddenly borne away by an air current and we were able
to get a clearer impression of the wreckage. The roof
above had been crashed in, leaving an irregular opening
facing the sky. Just below it was a similar hole in the
floor which now revealed itself as the source of the
smoke. We descended to the ground floor. Here the
vapors were almost overpowering, but by the aid of
hastily improvised gas masks, made of wet towels, we
succeeded in approaching the suffocating area. There,
in the very center of the swirling wreaths of vapor, we
were astonished to see an enormous piece of red-hot
metal smouldering in the ruins.

  “A meteorite!” The thought had occurred to both of
us simultaneously.

  “We had a narrow escape that time,” said Wadson.
“It might have crashed down on our heads just as well

as here. There isn’t much of a fire, fortunately, so we
won’t have any trouble in that respect. And now I’d like
to make an analysis of the meteor.” With the aid of a
few buckets of water, we were able to quench the last
sparks and flames around the great rerolite.

  By this time the metallic mass had cooled to such a
degree that we were able to make an examination. With
great care we detached from it the clinging bits of plaster
and charred wood which it had gathered on its downward
flight through the roof and carricd it into Wadson’s
laboratory, where we deposited it on a bench.

  Even a superficial analysis of the substance was
enough to show that, as in the case of almost all other
meteors, it was metallic iron of a fair degree of purity.
My friend, however, was still unsatisfied.

  “I’d like,” he said, “to make a spectroscopic examina-
tion. That would be the quickest way of determining
whether there are any other elements mixed with it such
as carbon and silicon.”

  Accordingly he made preparations for his analysis.
His method was very simple. He removed a small por-
tion of the metal and held it in the flame of a hydrogen
blast-lamp until it was red hot. Then he examined it
with a direct-vision spectroscope.

  “Nothing unusual that I can see,” said Wadson.
“There are faint traces of sodium. Of course there must
have been more of that element originally, but it was
mostly burned up in passing through the atmosphere. Or
wait, I think I see something. It looks like a slight dis-
coloration near the sodium line. It's probably a flaw in
the instrument, though. However, it may lie something.
I'll try another spectroscope.” Wadson rose and walked
to a near-by cabinet where he kept his more delicate
pieces of apparatus. He took another spectroscope and
through it peered intently at the glowing metal.

  “Same discoloration," he said. “I think I’ll take a
specimen from nearer the center of the meteor.” We
drilled a large hole to the interior and succeeded, after
much labor, in extracting some borings from the bottom.
This, too, he submitted to a spectroscopic analysis.
While lie looked through the eye-piece of the instrument
his face changed. First a puzzled look, then a gleam of
triumph.

  “Bill,” he said, “I'm pretty sure I’ve discovered a new
element. Just come here a minute.” He handed me the
spectroscope and bade me examine the glowing bit of
metal. Without a doubt he was right. Close to the nar-
row sodium line was an unfamiliar band of orange.

  “Well,” said Wadson, “what do you think of it?"

  “Yes, it looks as though you’ve discovered a new cle-
ment. We’ll have to call it ‘wadsonium’ in your honor.
I think it is quite probable that this meteor does not come
from the Solar System at all, for of all the elements
found in solor meteors so far, not one had been previ-
ously unknown on the earth.”

  “That increases the value of the discovery,” said
Wadson. “Now I’d like to separate some of this new
element from the others and determine its properties,
Iwtli physical and chemical.”

BY this time it was almost four in the morning and
we were very tired as a result of all the preceding
excitement, but it was only with .the greatest difficulty
that I persuaded Wadson to leave his meteor for a while
and get some sleep.

  When we got up the next morning I wired to the near-
est city for a squad of workmen to repair the damaged
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

333

house, for I knew that my friend, immersed in his scien-
tific work, would never think of attending to such trivial
matters.

  Meanwhile I spent most of my time watching Wad-
son’s proceedings in the laboratory. With the skill and
patience of the true scientist he was gradually arriving
at a number of important, conclusions regarding the
unknown element in the meteor. He had already ascer-
tained its atomic weight and was not a little surprised to
find that it approximated the comparatively large number
327.81. It was about three days later that he announced
that the atomic number was 106. He was radiant
with joy.

  “You sec,” he explained, “this indicates not only one
unknown element but a whole series of them which must
exist between uranium, which has an atomic, number of
92, and wadsonium, whose number is 106. Fourteen, in
fact. However, due to their high atomic weights, they
are probably very unstable and that would account for
their absence from the earth at the present date. It may
be that wadsonium bears the same relation to uranium
that uranium does to radium. Of course then it would
very likely have a large half-period and there might be
traces of it somewhere on this planet that haven’t been
found yet.”

  “How do you account,” I asked, “for the fact that
almost all of the wadsonium came from the interior of
the meteor? If you remember, specimens from the sur-
face only contained minute traces.”

  “That,” said Wadson, “is a matter to which I have
given considerable thought. My theory is this. The
meteor must have originally consisted of wadsonium
only, but during the course of its wanderings through
space it encountered vast numbers of very tiny meteor-
ites, cosmic dust as it were. These gradually gravitated
towards it on account of its superior mass which, pre-
vious to its passage through our atmosphere, must have
been enormous. Now you may picture this big chunk of
wadsonium embedded in a tremendous shell of infinitesi-
mal particles, largely consisting of iron. Then, as it
traversed the earth’s atmosphere, the mass began to glow
and finally to fuse. The wadsonium at the center began
to spread itself through the entire mass by diffusion.
But before this process had an opportunity to get more
than a start, it hit the surface of our planet and slowly
cooled, with most of the wadsonium still in its original
place.”

  “That’s splendidly worked out, but . .

  “Yes,” interrupted Wadson, “it’s only a hypothesis
and there arc a great many ‘buts’ in it. Anyway, it really
doesn't matter very much. The important thing is the
wadsonium which I think I have succeeded in separating
almost completely.”

  With a smile he held up for my inspection a small
glass-stoppered bottle which was about two-thirds full of
a silvery metal looking just like magnesium. But there
the resemblance ceased. Magnesium is remarkable for
its lightness, while the half-pint or so of wadsonium
must have weighed almost twelve pounds. In my sur-
prise I nearly dropped the bottle. Wadson smiled.

  “Heavy? That’s the effcct of the high atomic weight.”

  “How does it behave chemically? Would you call it
an active element?”

  “Rather active. It decomposes steam at high tempera-
tures and displaces hydrogen from cold dilute hydro-
chloric acid. In the air, as you can see, it forms a thin
film of the oxide which prevents further corrosion. Tt’s

very much like aluminum in that respect, a»d it is slightly
radioactive. I should say its rate of decomposition is
about one-tenth that of uranium, which would give it a
half-period of 50,000,000,000 years, making it many
times as old as this planet. No doubt, as I said before,
there are considerable quantities now existing, but they
are most likely to be found below the surface.”

  Then the man in charge of the repair work came in to
ask about one or two particulars regarding the recon-
struction and our conversation was broken up. As I
had to drive into town later for some supplies that were
needed, I heard no more about the wadsonium that night,
but my friend continued working in his laboratory even
long after I had gone to bed.

  The next morning he was jubilant, although pale from
lack of sleep.

  “I have discovered,” he informed me, “that wadsonium
possesses a new and astounding quality which I had not
previously suspected. I suppose you know that the elec-
trical resistance of selenium varies as the intensity of
the light falling on its surface increases or diminishes.
This property has been put to various uses in a limited
way such as turning on lights automatically when night
falls and so on. Now the electrical resistance of wadson-
ium is also variable, and quite by accident I found that
it depends, like selenium, on the influence of electro-mag-
netic waves; but these waves, instead of being of such an
extreme shortness as those of light, are between one and
four meters long. Don’t you see the significance of
that?”

   I hesitated.

  “I wonder if it mightn’t be applied to radio in some
way. I understand they have been doing quite a lot of
experimenting in short wave transmission recently.” i
looked inquiringly at Wadson.

  “That's just the idea. You see, I plan to have a wad-
sonium cell in series with the incoming tuned signal. The
ability of the cell to conduct electricity will vary with the
strength of the radio wave. The rest is obvious.”

  “But that is practically what happens in a regular radio
tube. A very slight change in the minus potential of the
grid produces a great alteration in the plate voltage. While
the principle is different, the general effect is the same.
1 fail to see how your cell is going to revolutionize the
radio industry.”

  “You are forgetting,” said Watson, “the superior sen-
sitivity of my device. The vacuum tube is really a crude
affair. The necessity of using a heated filament to pro-
vide the electron stream imposes a good deal of compli-
cation. Some radioactive substance such as radium might
take the place of the filament as the beta emanations are
really a flow of electrons. They could be separated from
the other rays by magnets. However, an arrangement of
this kind would certainly increase the cost and for that
reason would not be very practicable. But I think you
will find that the wadsonium cell will be much superior to
the ordinary tube.” Then he went to his laboratory where
he had spent nearly all his time since the fall of the
meteor.

IT was on the following day that the first wadsonium
cell made its appearance. After a solitary morning
walk I visited my friend in the laboratory to sec what
progress he had made. He was bending over something
on a bench which absorbed all his attention. I called but
he did not seem to hear me. Then I noticed that he was
wearing a pair of headphones. As I went over to him he
334

AMAZING STORIES

removed them while he made some adjustments on his
instrument.

  “Well,” I said, “what’s new?”

  Wadson held up the object on which he had been work-
ing.

  “Here,” he said, “is a wadsoniuin cell.” It was in the
form of a glass tube about six inches long and two inches
in diameter. The top had been drawn out to a point and
sealed off while the bottom was tapered so that it would
just fit the UX radio tube base to which it was attached.
Supported in the inside was a thin sheet of a metal which
1 took to be wadsonium.

  “Ts there a vacuum inside?” I asked.

  “No, just nitrogen. That is l>ecaiise T found out that
the film of the oxide which forms in the air has in some
way a harmful effect on its sensitivity. It was easier to
fill it with nitrogen at atmospheric pressure than to go to
the trouble of exhausting the air from within. As you
can see. there are four terminals. Two of these are con-
nected to the incoming signal while the other two are
connected in series with a “B” battery and some sort of
cone or loud-speaker. It happens that in addition to my
twelve tube set. there is a smaller one which I brought
along just for short-wave work. With a few changes
I believe it will suit our purpose exactly.”

  In less than half an hour Wadson had made the neces-
sary arrangements and we were ready to test his new
tube. The set was specially designed to operate at a
range of one, two, and five and a half meters which in-
cluded those lengths influencing the wadsonium cell.

  It was not without a certain excitement that I gazed at
the cone speaker which had been connected to the set. My
friend turned the dial beginning at four meters, and grad-
ually going down. At first there was nothing but a low
humming sound. I asked W'adson what caused it, and
he began to say something about induced currents in the
cell when the monotonous drone was suddenly broken by
a sharp, irregular crackling.

  “Static,” said Wadson.

  He turned to a lower wavelength. Nothing. Again
he twisted the dial. Still nothing. By this time he was
down to two and a quarter meters.

  “You see,” was his comment, “there are very few
transmitting sets working on such very short wave-
lengths. Possibly one or two radio enthusiasts are try-
ing it for the sake of the novelty. Of course, if wadson-
ium is ever found in sufficiently large quantities, and if
wadsonium cells become popular, then all of the present
broadcasting systems will be forced to change to shorter
wavelengths. In previous experiments I found that it is
possible to differentiate, between two signals artificially
produced in the laboratory when their wavelengths are
very close together, thanks to the wadsonium cell. There-
fore, there will be little fear of interference, such as might
be expected, if all transmitting sets were to be limited to a
range of three and a half meters. I have succeeded in
completely separating two signals when the difference be-
tween their wavelengths was less than one-seven-hun-
dredth of a meter and I have 110 doubt that by the aid
of new improvements I may do better yet. Well, I don’t
think there is much use in going down any more until we
build a transmitting set which will work at such low
wave lengths.”

  “By the way," I said, “while we are on the subject of
radio, I have l>een hearing so much about the chance of
receiving a message from Mars which is supposed, by
some people, to be inhabited by intelligent beings. Do

you think there is the least likelihood of this occurring?”

  Wadson smiled.

  ‘T see you have been reading the Sunday supplements
in die newspapers. As a matter of fact, recent evidence
does not seem to confirm the earlier views as to the pos-
sibility of the planets being inhabited by intelligent, reas-
oning beings. What is more, any radio signals they might
send us would most probably be unable to penetrate the
Heavyside layer unless they were of an exceedingly short
wave length.”

  “Your last objection would be admirably answered by
the special qualities of the wadsonium cell.”

  “That’s right,” said Wadson, “all we need now is a
radio operator on Mars. Well, it’s getting late now. Per-
haps we had better go to bed."

  I fell asleep almost immediately and it seemed only a
few minutes later that I was awakened by Wadson. As
I turned sleepily around I could see that he carried a
flashlight in his hand.

  “Bill,” he whispered, “I think I heard voices in the
lab. There must be burglars there and I hate to think
of my precious wadsonium cell being ruined by some
careless crook. Here, take this.” And he slipped an auto-
matic into my hand.

  Together we stole silently down to his laboratory.
Unmistakably there were sounds of voices or rather of a
voice. It was an unusually high-pitched tone for the
proverbially stealthy thief. The language was unfamiliar.

  We tiptoed into the laboratory through a side door.
It was dark. I drew the pistol and Wadson held his torch
in readiness. Suddenly he snapped on the light and the
brilliant beam darted around the room.

  “Hands up!” 1 shouted. Nothing happened and the
voice continued to prattle away. Wadson switched on
the room light, but we saw no one. It was only then
that I realized the source of the sound.

  “The radio!” We stared at each other for a moment
and began to laugh.

  “Well, Bill,” said Wadson. “that’s one on me. T must
have left the switch on by mistake. But 1 would like to
know where that voice comes from. I certainly never
heard that language before. It might be wise to take
an impression of it. I have some of those repeat-a-
voice phonograph records with which you can do your
own recording. In that way we can get an accurate copy
of the rest of the speech.” In a surprisingly short time
we had the phonograph with the blank records taking
down the talk. About an hour and a half later the voice
stopped.

THE next day we drove into town with the records
and submitted them to the inspection of a friend of
Wadson’s who studied languages as a hobby. He had
mastered no fewer than forty-three different tongues and
dialects so we had no doubt that he could enlighten us as
to the philological classification of our strange specimen.
But he was as baffled as we were. However, he was
very much interested when we told him the whole story
and he promised to come to the laboratory that night to
listen to our mystifying speaker should lie talk again.
Before returning. Wadson bought a liberal supply of the
blank disks to enable us to record whatever might be
said.

  Wadson’s friend came up at eight o’clock and was led
at once to the laboratory. The voice started very much
earlier than on the preceding night. At a quarter of
nine a low musical note issued from the cone as though
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

335

a piano key had been gently struck. After an interval
of live minutes the mysterious voice spoke again. The
tone was rich and clear and the speaker uttered his words
evenly without any trace of emotion. We had the pho-
nograph taking down an entire impression of- the mes-
sage. The philologist listened with the deepest attention.
After an hour he suddenly turned to us and said:

  '‘It seems to me that T have heard this before. Yes, I
am sure now. The person delivering it evidently consid-
ers it of importance, repeating the same speed 1 every
night. This thing has me puzzled, I’m afraid, for I
cannot reconcile these words with any language T have
ever heard. If you don’t mind, I would like to have a
complete impression. There is a certain Professor Har-
old Rice of Oxford, who is spending his summer near
here. As his field is the Science of Languages, 1 am sure
he will be able to give us a clue to the identity of Mr.
X, if I may so call our unknown lecturer.”

  Wadson readily assented. Accordingly the records
were placed in the hands of Professor Rice who prom-
ised to give us his expert opinion within a few days.

  A week later, when my friend and I were absorbed in
the intricacies of a chess game, we received a visit from
the philologist accompanied by Professor Rice. Both of
them seemed to be keyed up to a high pitch of excite-
ment.

  “Wadson,” said the former, “the thing’s stupendous.
After puzzling over the records for almost a week, Pro-
fessor Rice was unable to find any corresponding known
language. In short, he was forccd to conclude that the
sounds originated in another planet.”

  Wadson nearly jumped from his chair.

  “What?” he cried.

  “That’s right. I was surprised, too. but there’s no other
way of explaining it unless we are going to suppose that
we have been the victims of an elaborate practical joke
which seems hardly likely. You’re going to be famous
now, old man. whether you like it or not. The Professor
will tell you how he was led to this conviction.”

  “It really wasn’t very difficult. The use of the radio
clearly indicated that the sender must belong to a highly
progressive race. This at once removed the necessity of
considering the hundreds of dialects in use by the various
savage tribes and thus considerably narrowed my search.
I was unable to find any tongue, even remotely corres-
ponding. Of course you may argue that this language
may be a secret one, in use by some society or other. But
then why should such a group go to the trouble of learn-
ing a whole new language, when a simple code would
suffice for transmitting radio messages not intended for
outside ears. Then, knowing the gigantic power of your
radio set, I thought it very likely that the sender was the
inhabitant of another planet.”

  My mind was in a whirl. So my chance remark to
Wadson a few evenings back had some foundation after
all.

  “I think it would be very interesting to try to decipher
this message. You know, it may be of importance. Don’t
you think so, Professor?” Then I suddenly realized
that the philologist had just been speaking.

  “Oh, beyond a doubt. It ought not to be so very hard.
We have material enough to work with. It will be an en-
joyable way of spending the vacation. Come to my house
tomorrow morning, and we can make arrangements. Mr.
Wadson, until we translate this speech I would not ad-
vise you to encourage anyone else to listen to our planet-
ary communicator.”

  “A little professional jealousy,” I thought. "He is
atraid someone else may succeed in deciphering it before
he does.”

  As it was late our guests departed.

  “Wadson,” I said as soon as we were alone, "I never
suspected that one wadsonium cell was so powerful. At
the time when you first tried to use it, you only ex-
pected to receive terrestrial signals, and yet the message
we heard must have come from a point many million
miles away at least. The wadsonium must be thousands
of times more sensitive than we ever supposed.”

  “Yes, I thought of that, too,” said Wadson. “The metal
may be under some external influence. We might go over
and investigate." We did, but at a first glance there was
nothing out of ordinary that we could see. Then at my
suggestion Wadson closed the switch and, as we had not
changed the dial setting, the unknown voice instantly
projected itself into the room. My sleeve accidentally
knocked over the cone speaker. The flow of words sud-
denly stopped.

  “What’s that ? I must have pulled out the connecting
cord.”

  “No,” said Wadson, “you didn’t. Something else went
wrong.” With those words he picked up the cone and
replaced it in its original position near the radio. To our
immense surprise the strange voice suddenly resumed its
tireless monotone. Wadson laughed a little.

  “I see it now. It is the action of the magnet in the
speaker on the wadsonium, I’m pretty sure.” He picked
up a big horse shoe magnet and held it near the wadson-
ium cell. The increase of sound was marked.

  “I never suspected anything like that before,” he ex-
claimed. “This wadsonium is full of tricks. At any rate,
it opens a new field for investigation.” As if to prove his
last words, Wadson took otf his coat and at once pro-
ceeded to test this new physical property of the metal
with what materials he had. The net result of all his
experimentation was that the extent to which the wad-
sonium was affected was inversely proportionate to the
square of the distance between it and the magnet.

EIGHT days later we were the recipients of another
visit from the philologist and Professor Rice. After
many long hours of intensive work they had succeeded
in almost completely translating the message.

  When I try to describe the excitement at this point,
words fail me. The whole thing was tremendous. The
subsequent shock produced when this veritable bombshell
was thrown into the civilized world is well within the
memory of most of us. Wadson’s laboratory at once be-
came a Mecca. Had he wished, he could have sold his
wadsonium at the time for over $15,000 per milligram,
but he generously gave all but a small specimen to the
Bureau of Standards where its various properties aston-
ished the staff. At the present time, however, it has been
ascertained that considerable amounts of this metal are to
be found in the earth, in some places, at a distance of less
than four miles below the surface. Plans for its recov-
ery are now under way.

  All of this was secondary to the worldwide interest
which was created when the translated message was made
public. The planet from which it was sent, far from be-
ing Mars as 1 had at first suspected, was proven to be a
satellite of one of the remoter stars of the Milky Way,
whose distance from the earth is only to be expressed
in thousands of light years. This last fact is significant,
for it means that all of the events described took place
336

AMAZIJNG STORIES

many ccnturies ago and the voice we heard speaking be-
longed to a person, dead since the time of the Pharaohs.
When the faintness that a radio signal must possess after
traversing that great void of space is considered, we can
only wonder the more at the extreme sensitivity of the
wadsonium.

   The translation of the Message from Space which fol-
lows is undoubtedly of great importance. It suggests
new and terrible methods of warfare whose almost un-
limited destructive potentialities would be an answer-
able argument for World Peace. It brings to mind the
possibility of finding on other planets than our own ad-
vanced forms of life, with which we may some day hope
to communicate. But it has always seemed to me that
the most important angle from which to view our inter-
stellar message is that from which the sender considered
it when he transmitted it, namely as a warning. His con-
stant repetition of the whole speech would alone be a
sufficient mark of the extreme gravity of the situation
presented in it.

   However, I will not venture any more private opinions
on the subject, but I will leave the reader to form his
own ideas after his perusal of the Message from Space.

            TRANSLATOR’S NOTE
  While reading the following it should he kept in mind
  that many of the words have been found to have no
  earthly parallel and in these cases the translator has been
  forced to rely on his imagination. However, as most of
  them are of a technical nature the reader should ex-
  perience no difficulty in keeping track of the story. The
  translation is necessarily a free one and certain idiomatic
  expressions have been replaced by the corresponding En-
  glish phrases.

The Message from Space

IPRIXTON LESTEX of Astrax, am the last liv-
ing representative of my civilization. The follow-
? ing history is intended primarily as a warning—a
warning to every planet in the universe on which exists
civilization. And for this reason it will be repeated
twenty-five times at intervals of one day. Every civilized
nation which this message may reach is cautioned to be
on its guard against planetary invasion from the inhabi-
tants of a dark star which is at a distance from us of
170,000,000 sortors*

   Before relating the events connected with the conquest
of Astrax, it would be advisable to give some small ac-
count of the state of our civilization at the time of its
downfall, so you may better understand the existing con-
ditions.

   From the earliest historical times, the most important
subject of our intellectual pursuit has always been science.
As a result we had developed into a race of savants with
but one aim in life—the perfecting of Astrakian civili-
zation through the advancement of science. Countless
years ago we had tapped the wells of molecular energy.
This proved insufficient to satisfy our demands. Atomic
energy was released long afterwards by whose aid we
performed mighty engineering feats which would have
seemed impossible before. The whole surface of Astrax
was practically made into one huge city whose spires
rose hundreds of feet into the sky. Giant air liners
plowed the upper layers of the atmosphere, loaded with
freight and passengers. With our atomic energy we
were able to build great space-fliers with which we colo-

nized several neighboring planets. Down below, at the
lowest levels of the city, dwelt the scientists upon whose
labor rested the mighty structure of our civilization. Our
government was simple. A Planet Ruler was selected at
regular intervals of five years by a council of one hun-
dred who also acted as an advisory committee. Its decision
was final.

  At the time of the invasion I was a sub-inspector of
the landing stages for the interplanetary vehicles. This
position kept me constantly upon the upper level of the
city. My work was most important although easy. Each
day I personally examined each of the stages in my
division. This meant that I had to make sure that the en-
tire surface was free from any obstruction, which might
injure a flier on impact, and that the crew whose duly
it was to take charge of the ships on their arrival was
alert and ready.

  The mechanism of these space vehicles was not at all
complicated. A method had been perfected for increas-
ing the power of magnetic attraction to an unprecedented
degree. The power of repulsion between like poles had
been similarly developed. Beneath the lowest levels of
Astrax a great magnet of gigantic power had been placed.
Since our scientists had found a way of concentrating
the magnetic forces of attraction and repulsion to the
form of a ray, it was a simple matter to equip space ships
with such rays. One of these corresponded to one pole
of the magnet and the other to the other pole. When the
flier was navigated, the magnet formed the base of a
huge triangle of which the flier was the vortex. The ship
could be moved in any direction whatever by suitable ad-
justment of the rays. It may interest any scientist who
is hearing this account that the experiments first made
were based on the principle which states that whenever a
force is applied in one direction, there results an equal
force exerted in the opposite direction * The force used
was an explosion. Small parcels of explosive compounds
were placed at various points about the surface of the
vehicle. The detonation of any of these would cause the
flier to move in the direction opposite to that in which
the explosion was applied. Unfortunately, the resulting
gases, due to the intense cold of interstellar space, first
liquefied and then froze solid, clogging up the explosion
chamber. This necessitated a system of artificial heating
which proved unsatisfactory. Hence the adoption of the
later method.

  The fliers were in the form of long cylinders with
hemispherical ends. One ray machine was placed at
each extremity but both were controlled from a single
cabin at the front. There is little to be said about the
further details of their construction, except that they in-
cluded every convenience for the 1 tent fit of the occupants.
On their arrival from a voyage they would maneuver so
as to gain a position directly above their respective land-
ing stages. Then, slowly shutting off the repulsion rays,
they would sink to the surface permitting those within to
emerge. As the outer envelope was a vacuum between
two layers of a special material, it can readily be seen
why it was so important that the landing stages be kept
free from any obstruction.

  It was a magnificent sight, especially in darkness, to
see those giant fliers dart in from distant planets many
sortors away, then suddenly swoop down to the landing
stages and finally settle down to rest, while their lights,

  Translator's Note. The word sortor evades translation but it would aecm *Note. This corresponds to Newton’s third law of motion. The famous
to correspond to our terrestrial term, light year. The light year of Astrax Goddard rocket, working on this principle, had once been suggested as a
would, of course, have n different value from our own.	means of planetary navigation.—G. H. Wadson.
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

337

gleaming in the darkness, cast weird shadows over the
whole scene.

THE first warning of the invasion came one night
when it was my duty to report to my superior, the
Superintendent Inspector of the Associated Interplanet-
ary Landing Stages of Astrax, to quote his full official
title. His name was Plutor Omnex A05X, which latter
symbol denoted his rank. He was much perturbed over
something, although I did not dare to ask him what was
wrong. On his desk was a chart which automatically
recorded the positions of each of the space fliers in service
at the moment. For a while I stood in silence while he
studied the object before him.

  “Prixton Lestex AP3D,” he said, addressing me by
my full name, “what is your report of the condition of
the landing stages of top level 885, section QR97, division
XJ3486?” He invariably used this complete formula, al-
though he had known me personally for a long time.

  “Everything is functioning satisfactorily, sir," was my
reply.

  “Hum, I’m glad you at least can say so.” With this
enigmatic remark he abruptly stopped the conversation
and bent again over the object on his desk. Thinking
that he wished to be alone, I turned to the door.

  “Just a moment, Lestex, I may wish to speak to you
in a short rime concerning some important matters.” I
returned to my former position before his desk and
waited respectfully until he was ready to address me. For
a time he did nothing but gaze intently at his chart, check-
ing the various positions of the space fliers by means of
a table which he kept constantly on hand. Beyond a
doubt, he was greatly worried for, after muttering to him-
self a while, he turned to a visiphone which recorded
the image of the party at the other end.

  “Section QG32, division KM2937,” he called into the
instrument. In a moment the face of the official in charge
of the indicated division appeared in a small disk mounted
on top of the phone.

  “Mentel Prolack AD8C,” said the Superintendent In-
spector, “you will have a fast inspection flier ready for
use at once with a crew of three. Include a Wexton ray
machine.”

  “Yes, sir,” said Mentel Prolaek, “I will see to it im-
mediately.”

  I may here explain that the ray machine named was the
invention of Dolor Wexton, a scientist of the lower levels.
A beam directed from such a machine had the properly
of disrupting the atoms of any matter with which it came
in contact by balancing the electric charges of the outer
electrons. The only substance immune was hydrogen,
which necessitated that the part of the machine from
which the ray was projected be made of this gas in solid
form. In practice it was not constructed until the machine
was beyond the atmosphere of Astrax where the cold of
space kept it below the freezing point of hydrogen.

  Plutor Omnex then turned his attention to me.

  “Prixton Lestex, I am about to entrust you with a
grave mission. I have found you loyal and intelligent
and therefore I have no doubt that you will bend every
effort towards making it a complete success. Now come
here,” he said as he indicated a place at his side. I
walked over to his desk and looked at the chart which he
had been examining. The principle was simple. Each
flier was represented by a tiny dot of light which moved
at a rate proportionate to that of the machine it indicated.
The chart was divided by a system of crossing lines.

These corresponded to imaginary lines in space by which
the position of any ship could readily be determined.

  “This,” said Plutor Omnex while pointing to one of
the bright specks, is passenger ship #A38B36 which is
bound for our most distant planetary possession. Now
read what its position should be from the table. I looked
at the long columns of figures which indicated the exact
position of a flier at any given instant.

  “Space ship #A38B36, cxtor 216.45.72, lextor 45.-
73.2.”*

  “All right, now look at the position on the chart.”

  “Extor 216.42.94, lextor 45.70.1.”

  “You see,” said the Superintendent Inspector, “some-
thing is wrong. I tried to communicate with the pilot, but
I could not get in touch with him. The magnet rays
might have gotten out of order and that would explain the
ship’s being off the correct route. In my official capacity
it is my duty to check up on the flier positions. If any-
thing went wrong I would get the blame for it. This is
the first time that the chart did not exactly correspond
to the table. I should lie to have this matter arranged
without letting it get beyond my department. I have, as
you will remember, ordered an inspection flier widi a
Wexton ray projector. These inspection ships, that is the
newer models, have a speed of 8,000,000 sortors per day
which is much faster than a standard flier. You will,
therefore, present yourself to Mentel Prolack AD8C,
section OG32, division KM2973 with a message which I
will give you. He will put you in charge of the flier and
supply a crew. It will be your duty to overtake space
ship #A38B36 and find out what is wrong. The details
will rest with you. If you encounter serious difficulties
phone me at once. You may find the Wexton ray ma-
chine useful if you meet any Drulls. That is all.” I
saluted and left with the message in my hand.

  The Drulls were the inhabitants of a nearby planet
who had refused to adopt Astrakian civilization, but in-
stead grew to be a warlike race. They had once suc-
ceeded in capturing one of our fliers. From it they
learned the secrets of its construction which enabled them
to build a fleet. Hence all small ships were equipped
with Wexton rays for protection.

  Mentel Prolack was busy when I arrived at his division,
but, when I sent word that I had a message from the
Suprintendent Inspector, I was immediately ushered into
his presence.

  “Where is the message?” he asked. I handed it to
him and he read it carefully.

  “Are you Prixton Lestex?” he inquired.

  “Yes, I am.”

  “WVXM8662004,” he said. To this I replied:

  “4002668W VX M. ”

  Mentel Prolack smiled.

  “That’s right. I see you know the pass-word. I sup-
pose you understand your duties ?”

  “Perfectly.”

  “Fine. Here I have the flier all ready for use with a
crew and Wexton ray machine. You are to start at once.
Goodby.” He indicated the inspection ship, which I en-
tered immediately. There was a crew of three within in
addition to the operator of the ray machine. In a few
moments I made the acquaintance of each of them. Joll
Randor R27G4 was the pilot, Raim Kortock C63Y7 and
Mexter Brellton C82B5 were mechanics whose duty it
was to see that the magnetic rays were always in per-

   *Note. Exlor and lextor probably correspond to something like ricbt
ascension and declination.—(J. H. Wadson.
338

AMAZING

STORIES

feet order. Clenton Stretor R91B7 was in charge of
the ray machine.

  I slid the door shut and in a moment the ship was on
its way. Since it was equipped with an automatic chart
such as the one I have already described, it was a simple
matter to follow accurately the movements of the ship we
were pursuing. Constant reference to a table convinced
me that space ship #A38B36 was following an erratic
course. Day alter day we sped on. always reducing the
distance between the two dots of light on the chart which
represented the flier we were to overtake and our own.
Joll Randor was a most excellent pilot. It so happened
that just at this time a giant swarm of meteors had
crossed the orbit of Astrax so we were constantly
menaced by a collision with one of these bodies, but
Randor’s skill always evaded the danger.

OK the third day I was awakened from a sound sleep
by Clenton Stretor.

  “I am sorry to have disturbed you, sir, but I am afraid
that there is a fleet of Droll fliers about 21,000 lentors
(miles?) ahead. I don’t think we can escape them for
they are surrounding us on all sides.” This news an-
noyed me very much. Personally I would not have1
minded a fight with the savage Drulls, but the success
oi the expedition was of supreme importance.

  “Tell Joll Randor to put on full speed and try to
break through their lines. Be ready with the ray ma-
chine in case he doesn’t succeed.”

  "Very well, sir.” Stretor saluted and was gone. In
the meantime I reviewed the situation. Here we were
surrounded by the Drulls who would hardly let us oil
without a battle. But I had orders from the Superin-
tendent Inspector which admitted of no delay, so it would
be impossible to turn back. We must go on. We were
equipped with a ray machine, it was true, but on the
other hand, the Drulls had perfected an instrument, which
projected a beam capable of raising the temperature of
our flier to the boiling point almost instantly by exciting
the molecular motion of its component substances. How-
ever, in spile of this we must go through.

  By this time I could clearly see the enemy fliers in the
distance with the aid of a telescope. Now the Drulls
were only 8,000 lentors away and we were approaching
them every instant. At this stage of my reflections,
there came a knock at the door and Stretor entered.

  “Sir, it will be impossible to pass them. The only
way to avoid a fight is to retreat.” At this last word I
shook my head decisively.

  “No, Stretor, I’m not turning back. It will be up to
you to clear a path through the enemy for us.”

  “I'll do my best, sir, but if one of their heat rays gets
us we are done for.”

  "All right. You had better go and tell the others to be
ready for action.” I looked again in the direction of the
Drulls through one of the windows and estimated their
distance at about 350 lentors. Already I could see them
darting their terrible heat rays, but since they were only
efficient at short distances we had nothing to fear from
them as yet.

  I went down to the control room where the Wexton
ray machine was situated. Stretor was bending over the
apparatus making some final adjustments. The pilot
was standing next to the instrument board by which the
movements of the flier were controlled.

  “Randor,” I said, “I think it might be wise to adopt
a zigzag course. It might help us to escape their heat

  rays, although it will make it harder for Stretor to use
his machine.”

  "That’s all right, sir,” said Stretor. “I'll manage with-
out any difficulty. Our escape is of more importance
than a possible victory.” Accordingly Randor made cer-
tain motions and I felt the flier sway to and fro as it
darted about in various positions. While it did enable us
to elude their heat rays, nevertheless they kept us con-
stantly under the glare of the powerful searchlights with
which their space ships were equipped. Since our exact
position was always known, they could begin to close in
on us and I saw that a time would come when we would
no longer be able to dodge their rays. I signaled to
Stretor to begin projecting the Wexton ray before our
foes got too close. It was well that I did so, for already
the flashes of their offensive weapons were coming un-
comfortably near. After a few moments we had the
satisfaction of seeing one of the enemy fleet suddenly be-
gin to glow violently and then completely crumple up.
This opened a gap in the surrounding line through which
Randor attempted to lead our flier. Unfortunately he was
a moment too late for another Drull ship rushed in to
take the place of the one destroyed at the exact time we
were passing through the opening. There was a terrific
crash in which we were all thrown to the floor. When
we rose, the ship with which we had collided was gone.
We were through the gap and safe. No, not entirely safe
for Stretor had found that the hydrogen attachment of
the ray projector had been broken off and at the moment
repairs were impossible since therei was no more of this
substance in the ship. Therefore we raccd onward as
fast as the flier could carry us. For a while the Drulls
followed us closely, continually flashing their heat rays.
But they missed us each time and gradually we drew
away from our enemies, leaving them far behind.

  I examined the space chart and found that the object
of our pursuit was only 45.000 lentors away, so we
were able to slow up our mad rush and thus gain an
opportunity to inspect any damage that we might have
suffered during our fight with the Drulls. I was re-
lieved to find that nothing was broken or injured, with
the exception of the hydrogen ray projector. Since 1
expected to obtain more hydrogen from the space ship
when we came up with it, this did not worry me great-
ly. Now we had only 32,000 lentors to go before we
overtook the flier, so Randor again reduced the speed
of our vehicle.

  I	made an effort to communicate with the ship ahead
of us, but was unable to receive any response. For a
moment the possibility flashed across my mind that the
crew might be dead, but then I remembered that the
automatic controls would have1 kept the flier to its
course in event of such a mishap, and as the pilot room
was securely locked on all of these big ships, none of
the passengers could have interfered with them. But
the flier was clearly off her normal course and the devi-
ation was continually increasing at such a regular rate
as to make it appear the work of some intelligent
agency. Meanwhile we had drawn so close to the
space ship that it was only a matter of moments until
we would be alongside of it. We were just about
137 lentors behind when Randor turned to me with an
air of bewilderment.

  “Sir, our flier does not respond properly to the con-
trols.”

  “Are you sure?” I asked.

  "Yes, it would seem as if someone has cut down
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

339

on the power of the magnet ray. If I may venture to
suggest it, I would advise that you try to get in touch
with Astrax and call for an emergency ship as the con-
trols are getting harder to manage every moment.”

  I went to the sound-proof phone booth and lifted
the instrument from the table on which it was resting
and pressed a small lever. There was no response. The
indicator light which glowed when the phone was ready
for use was not lit. I examined the instrument very
carefully and at last came to the conclusion not only
had the magnet rays been weakened, but the electric
power impulses which were transmitted to us from
Astrax had been also tampered with.

  I went back to the control room.

  “Randor, it seems that you’re right. The space phone
doesn’t work although it's in perfect condition. There
doesn’t appear to be any power being transmitted from
Astrax. What is the course?”

  “We are moving parallel to the ship ahead of us al-
though at a greater speed and I can't do anything to
change our direction. There is no doubt that our flier
is being guided by some power beyond our control. And
now, in addition to the magnet rays failing to function,
the power impulses are ceasing to reach us, and we are
altogether cut off from our planet. I can't say that the
prospects for the immediate future are particularly al-
luring.”

  “Tn that case, there is nothing we can do about it so
we may as well take a rest. Then we will be in better
condition for whatever happens next.” Before I lay
down I walked over to the space chart to ascertain the
position of the flier ahead of us. I was rather startled to
find that it was now only 17 leu tors away, although an in-
spection of the respective motions of the two ships con-
firmed Randor's assertion that they were traveling in
parallel courses. Then I sank down and fell asleep. How
long I slept I have no idea, but judging from the distance
covered during that period the time must have been con-
siderable.

THEN, jarring my sleeping brain, came a loud, im-
patient clanging of the space phone bell, while the
indicator light continually flashed 011 and off, showing
that someone was at the other end of the line. My first
thought was that the power impulses had resumed opera-
tion and that the call was either from Astrax or from the
ship ahead of us.

  “This is Prixton Lestex in charge of inspection flier
#X65U39. Who is speaking?”

  The voice that answered aroused within me the most
vivid sensations of fear of, and hatred for, the owner.
Even with the first two words I was sure that those hard,
metallic accents did not belong to an inhabitant of my
plapet. The subsequent sentences confirmed this in-
tuition.

  “In order to avoid any future misunderstandings,” the
voice began, “I might as well begin by telling you that
your space ship and the one you are following are now
under the power of a controlling agency completely for-
eign to your civilization. The world from which I come
is even far beyond the distant planet which the, flier you
are pursuing had as its objective. In short, I am an in-
habitant of a dark star which is about 170,000,000 sortors
from your Astrax. My race comprises what are known
as the Super-Intelligences of Extrose. I supi>ose you
need hardly be informed that you, and those with you,
are now our prisoners. Your progress is now being ac-

celerated by certain means at our disposal and the course
you are following will shortly lead you to my planet
where everything will be made clear including the reasons
for your capture. Goodby.” With that the voice sud-
denly stopped. I was furious. The idea of being cap-
tured in this outrageous fashion by a race of whom I
had never heard, without a chance to do anything about
it! At once I called in all the rest of those on the flier
and acquainted them with the communication I had just
received. To give the inhabitants of Extrose full credit
their science must be of an unusually high order to en-
able them to get in touch with us so readily and at the
same time to be informed of events occurring millions of
sortors away, I thought. And then, in addition, to know
our language. . . .

  It is needless to give an account of the succeeding
days which passed until we reached the planet Extrose.
It was a repetition of what has just been recounted,
alternate speculation and damnation regarding the Super-
Intelligences of Extrose. On the twenty-first day of
space flying we were aware of a sudden increase in the
speed of our vehicle. We looked out of a window and
were astonished to find that the customary pin points of
stars had vanished. More careful observation showed
the whole sky swallowed up in a huge, black bowl. This
I correctly supposed to be the dark sun ExLrose. I
hastily consulted the space chart and was relieved to find
that the other flier was still in its relative position.

  Then our sudden acceleration began to decrease as we
were gently drawn down to the surface of Extrose.
From a nearer position I could see that portions of the
blackness beneath us were illumined with a dull radi-
ance, which became visible only at a close range. These
areas of light were roughly circular in shape and, as our
ship approached one of them, they proved to be the
openings of great shafts, which apparently went far be-
low the surface. At this point the bell summoned me to
the space phone and the strange voice again began to
speak:

  “These deep shafts which you see extend almost one-
quarter of the length of the diameter of Extrose and
then open into our cities, which are far below the surface.
They are so situated because most of the atmosphere has
gravitated toward the center, as this planet is pierced
through and through with deep, cavcrnous pits which
occupy a considerable amount of the total volume. Thus
we were compelled to follow the atmosphere as it gradu-
ally left the surface to move in toward the interior" You
will not be able to leave your ship until you reach the bot-
tom of the shaft which you are now descending. There
is nothing you can do but to wait till you arrive. When
you do arrive, I will send further instructions.”

  Immediately I told the crew of this incredible mes-
sage. A whole civilization buried hundreds of lentors
below the surface of a planet! But that time our own
affairs were of more direct interest to us. On looking
through one of the side windows, I could easily see that
we were rapidly falling down the great shaft just as the
voice had said. A glance at the space chart showed me
that now the other flier was only three lentors ahead of
us. At least it was some consolation to know that friends
were so near.

  The descent through the shaft continued for some
time, and while we waited for it to cease there was a
great deal of discussion and speculation concerning the
purposes of the Super-Intelligences of Extrose in cap-
turing two Astrakian fliers. Randor thought it might be
340

AMAZING STORIES

some sort of a hoax, but I was not of this opinion. It
all seemed very much in earnest. With this idea in mind,
I carefully enjoined the crew to show no signs of hos-
tility when we arrived at the city. Force could be of no
avail in the very stronghold of the enemy. Only by gain-
ing their confidence and trust could we hope to improve
our situation. To this they all agreed. Again I looked
through the windows, only to perceive that we were still
traveling down that seemingly interminable shaft. How-
ever, through the bottom window I could see a faint
glow, and then I knew that the city was close at hand.
In a shorter time than I had expected the ship came to
a sudden halt, and I saw that we had landed on a great
platform surrounded by rows of powerful lights. The
other flier was so close that I was about to leave our
vehicle and run over to it when I heard the bell ring
again, calling me to the phone.

  “You are warned,” the voice began, “not to leave the
flier, under any circumstances whatsoever, until given
permission by me. An infringement of this command
will invite severe punishment. You may. however, watch
subsequent proceedings through a window. They will
concern the other flier which came with you.” As be-
fore I informed the crew of what I had just heard.
Then we all went to a side window which faced the other
space ship. For a while the platform was vacant except
for the two fliers. Then, for the first time, T saw an
Extrosian. I thought I was prepared for any sort of
strange creature which might appear, but the thing that
finally came up on the platform left me breathless in
amazement.

IMAGINE, if you can, a small, green sphere glowing
with a peculiar phosphorescent gleam and propelling
itself by darting slender purple rays from various points
on its surface. The Super-Intelligence slowly moved
towards the other flier and halted a short distance from
the> door. For a moment nothing happened. Suddenly
a small, red disk of light appeared upon the top of the
sphere. Somehow I felt that it was concentrating all
the power of its mighty brain upon the. occupants of the
space ship. So great was the intellectual power oi the
Extrosian that even I, although not the intended recipi-
ent of its mental communication, could sense the com-
mand which it wished to convey. Those within the flier
were ordered to leave it and to come down to the plat-
form. The door opened and one by one they came out
and climbed down. I recognized none of them, since
their flier did not use any of the landing stages in my
division. As they left the shelter of the ship they suf-
fered no ill effects. From this I gathered that the at-
mosphere and the gravitation of Extrose were very simi-
lar to those of Astrax. Then the pilot of the flier and
the Extrosian carried on a mental conversation. By this
I mean that the intellectual capacity of the Green Sphere
was so great that it was able to read the thoughts of the
Astrakian even before they were translated into speech.
On the other hand, the ideas of the Super-Intelligence
were so forcibly transmitted that, even to the compara-
tively dull mind of the pilot, they were clear without
being orally expressed. Of course I could not read the
thoughts of the pilot, but those of the Super-Intelligence
were obvious and, therefore, I can only give a one-sided
conversation.

  “Dumnos Veltran, pilot of space ship #A38B36,” be-
gan the Extrosian, “as I have previously explained, you
have been made a prisoner, along with those with you,

of the Super-Intelligences of Extrose. 1 did not, at the
time, make the reason very clear. Now I will proceed
to do so.” From this preliminary speech I knew that
those in the other flier had received the same messages
from the Extrosians that we had. At once I was all at-
tention, for now I was to know the answer to many per-
plexing questions that had always been troubling me
ever since the beginning of this strange adventure. I
cast a hasty glance around my ship and observed that the
crew was no less interested in the proceedings than I.

  “Our whole purpose in bringing you here,” resumed
the Green Globe, “was to ascertain whether you would
be able to survive the Extrosian conditions of tempera-
ture, atmosphere, and gravitation. Although, as you can
readily see. the experiment has been an unqualified suc-
cess, its object must still be a mystery to you. We on
Extrose have always been a . . . What! Do you dare to
interrupt me to say that you object to your detention?
Do you think I brought you here because I thought you
would like it?” It was plain that the pilot must liave
been mentally protesting about his capture so vividly
that the Extrosian had lost patience with him. However,
he decided, at last to continue his explanation, rather
than permit his anger to overmaster him.

  “We on Extrose have always been a most adventurous
race, although you might not draw this conclusion from
a cursory glance at our seemingly ineffectual bodies,
these globe-like objects. We have certain mechanical
extensions which enable us to do many things which
would be beyond the power of an intelligent sphere. For
example, we could convey to you spoken words over the
space phone, although we are without speech organs.
But more of that later. As a result we have made quite
a number of planetary conquests, somewhat in the same
way that you have done. However, nearly all of them
have been very unsatisfactory. The atmospheres of the
invaded planets were not like that of Extrose. We were
forced to use certain arrangements for taking some
Extrosian atmosphere along with us. For even an Extro-
sian needs air, as the cells of his tissues must be con-
stantly bathed in this fluid. This unfortunate defect
removed any prospect of their colonization. This has
impelled us to capture you and your space ship, in addi-
tion to the other one which came with you. As you can
apparently use our atmosphere without inconvenience,
we will easily be able to adjust ourselves to yours. I
understand that this short account will leave many things
still unexplained. How did I bring your space ship
here? How did I cut off its magnet rays? For the time
being these questions will have to remain unanswered.
Let it suffice to say that to a Super-Intelligence many
things are possible that to an ordinary mind would seem
incredible. Now that we have found that the conditions
existing on your planet, which you call Astrax, are
favorable to Extrosian life, we intend to take possession
of it. After all, it is a case of the survival of the fittest.
No doubt you wonder that I divulge all this so casually,
but you must remember that your information will be of
no avail, and even if you were to escape and warn your
planet, it would not help in the slightest degree. That’s
all for the present.” Then the thought impulses of the
Green Sphere ceased and the red spot faded and van-
ished.

  I was stunned when I realized the full import of the
message of the Extrosian. There was absolutely nothing
to be done about it. Escape was impossible. Even if we
got through the shaft, they could easily draw us back as
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

341

they had done before. I surveyed the group on the plat-
form. For a while they stood silent. Then suddenly
Dumnos Veltran acted. With a cry of mingled rage and
despair he hurled himself upon the Globe before him,
forgetting that that powerful mind could easily read his
thoughts and anticipate his actions. All those with him
followed, and before I could say a word, the crew of
my flier burst open the door and joined their country-
men. I alone stayed back, realizing the futility of such
an attempt. The Sphere remained motionless until its
attackers were almost upon it. Then the red spot sprang
into life and the gleam on its surface pulsated and
brightened. Instantly every Astrakian on the platform
was stricken to a statue-like pose right in the middle of
a movement and dropped to the floor. Then the Extro-
sian addressed itself to me.

  “They are all dead, killed by the power of mental sug-
gestion. I trust, for your own sake, that you will have
the wisdom to venture no such attack yourself. The in-
vasion of your planet will begin very soon. But now I
must first acquaint the members of the Supreme Council
of Extrose with the successful results of the experiment.
I think you had better come with me, for if you are left
alone you will probably get into trouble and complicate
matters.” At those words I left the flier and alighted
on the surface of Extrose. As I have said, the atmos-
phere was almost exactly like that of Astrax, and I ex-
perienced no discomfort in that respect. There was a
peculiar, pungent quality in the air which I later learned
was due to the presence of a gas unknown on my planet.
The Globe led me to a small chamber at the bottom of
the platform, which we entered. I could see nothing
but a large, gleaming square on one of the walls. My
captor seemed to concentrate all the power of his mind
on this object The red disk glowed as before and soon
a picture appeared on the square. I could discern a
dimly lighted room in which were two long, shelf-like
objects. On each of these was a row of Extrosians. I
took this to be the Supreme Council which had been
alluded to before. This room, too, had a square placed
on one of the walls in which I could see the image of the
chamber in which 1 was. One of the Globes at the ex-
treme end of the row nearest the square rose from his
place and moved over to it. At once the red spot which
I knew so well began to gleam, and I surmised that the
two Extrosians were having a mental conversation. But
the thought waves used were so faint that I was unable
to intercept them. It was soon over. The members of
the Supreme Council seemed very well impressed with
the news. Many of them, in their enthusiasm, started
to move about the room on their purple rays. The red
spots on their surfaces glowed as they carried on excited
communications. Then the picture suddenly vanished.
The Sphere began to transmit more mental impulses.

  “You have seen how much the information was wel-
comed by the Council. I was told that the invasion of
Astrax will commence as soon as all the Extrosians are
acquainted with the plan and the space ships are made
ready. This will not take very long. I am to be put in
charge of the expedition and you are coming with me in
the leading flier. It would be better for you to remain
in your vehicle while I go to make arrangements.”

'C'OR the first time I got an opportunity to mentally
A review the situation. Everything had happened so
quickly and there had been such a sudden crowding of
events that my mind was almost dazed. It was naturally

impossible for me to entertain any feeling but hatred for
the Extrosians. They killed my crew in cold blood and
even now were preparing to take possession of my planet
by force. And yet, at the same time, I realized that any
form of emotion was foreign to them. Everything they
did was the direct result of their adventurous spirit
which knew no obstacle. My countrymen, so ruthlessly
destroyed, had been regarded simply as annoyances. It
was maddening to sit there quietly while knowing of the
terrible, inevitable doom in store for my planet. That
feeling of impotence was unbearable. The Extrosians
were going to put me in the leading ship so that I could
get a good view of the. annihilation of the inhabitants of
Astrax. Oh, the irony of fate! I was interrupted in the
midst of my thoughts by the return of the Green Globe.

  “I can see you are distressed over the disaster which
your planet is going to experience so soon,” it began.
“Well, there’s no use in worrying about the inevitable.
Why don't you take a more rational view? After all,
there is nothing you can do to avoid it, so you might as
well make the best of things. You will probably become
innured to Extrosian conditions so soon, while you are
with us, that you will prefer to return to this planet. So
far you have seen practically nothing of our scientific
development. Compared to yours, it is marvelous.” But
I could not sympathize with this argument. Astrax was
my home, the base of all my associations. Now it was
to be destroyed and the civilization of which I had been
so proud was near its end. But these points were beyond
the comprehension of the Extrosian.

  “We are going to leave very soon now, so I will take
you over to the leading ship.” I was led to the edge of
the platform where the Globe rested his weight on a
small button on the floor. Instandy a trapdoor swung
open, revealing a long, sloping passage. As we followed
this the door behind us closed automatically. The corri-
dor was very much longer than I had thought and, al-
though I walked as rapidly as I could, the Green Sphere
was impatient at the rate of our progress. But, like
everything else, the passage finally came to an end.

  It opened into a vast plain, on which reposed many
large, gray shapes. I presumed they were space fliers.
The whole scene, at first sight, was one of extreme con-
fusion. Countless numbers of the Green Spheres rushed
hither and thither as though in ignorance of their desti-
nations, but I knew that, underlying that seeming scram-
ble, was a well-arranged and efficient system. My own
experience on Astrax had taught me as much. Near
each of the fliers were vast, complicated masses of ma-
chinery which were loading materials and supplies into
them. My guide told me that these were operated by the
concentration of the minds of certain Extrosians upon
them. These machines were some of the “extensions”
of which he had previously spoken. I was informed that
no fewer than 160,000,000 Extrosians were going on the
expedition. This huge number represented one-tenth of
their entire population. They carried no lethal weapons,
relying wholly on their power of mental suggestion
which I had already seen in operation.

  The following events may seem somewhat confused, I
am afraid, but that is because in the sudden rush that
succeeded I had no opportunity to get a clear impression
of what was happening. I had a vague impression of my
guide’s calling me to the foremost flier, into which I
blundered somehow, while hundreds of Green Globes
crowded in on either side. A door clanged shut, and we
were gone. I had a sensation of going straight up with
342

AMAZING STORIES

an inconceivable velocity. I knew we were ascending
one of the shafts which led to the surface. Then I re-
ceived a mental impulse from my guide, informing me
that I would find him in the control room. I located this
after considerable difficulty and thus escaped the bustle
and turmoil without. Here I saw the Extrosian mentally
controlling a small instrument which, he told me, regu-
lated the speed as well as the direction of the space ship.
I asked him to explain the means of propulsion, but this
he refused to do, saying that it was a secret. However,
I was forced to admire the skill and case with which he
piloted the flier. He informed me that its velocity was
so great that we would arrive at Astrax in one-third the
time it had taken me to cover that distance. The size
of the vehicle was about four times that of our largest
ships, and yet the Green Sphere told me that compared
to the other Extrosian fliers it was very small indeed.
By this time we were through the shaft and just above
the surface of the dead star. (I should explain that
Extrose is really a sun and not a dependent planet, but
through habit I have occasionally referred to it by this
latter term.) There was a window in one wall of the
control cabin, and through it I could see a steady stream
of lights pour through the shaft opening. When I real-
ized that these lights denoted a mighty horde of Extro-
sian space ships, I knew that Astrax was hopelessly
doomed. Then, for a while, I preferred not to think at
all. Later I asked the Sphere whether it had a name.

  "No,” it explained, “we have no names. That silly
custom diet! out millions of cycles* ago. Instead we have
numbers. My number is 314-f>6874539. The first part
denotes the rank and the second corresponds to the name.
The lower a rank number is, the higher is the position
indicated. I see that you have this rank system yourself.
It is inevitable in a highly organized civilization. By the
way, as you have been over this route before, can you
tell me whether we may expect to encounter any unusual
difficulties on the way? All, yes. I see you are thinking
of the Drulls whom we may meet. Let me reassure you,
when I tell you that they are so low mentally that it will
only require about two or three degrees of mind concen-
tration to annihilate them as fast as they come. To kill
the Astrakians it took at least eight degrees. This is
because a more advanced mind is able, to a certain extent,
to withstand the thought waves which induce death by
mental suggestion.” This was new to me.

  “Do you mean,” I asked, “that you have gained such
perfect control of your minds that you are able to regu-
late the exact strength of the thought impulses?” I
could sense the mental amusement of the Extrosian.

  “For the last 4,000,000 cycles we have been nothing
but almost solely pure brains equipped with this ray-like
means of propulsion which you have seen. Originally
we had certain appendages with which we performed
the majority of the necessary tasks. But we found that
this distracted us from the pure mental labor, which
everyone of my race likes to indulge in as much as pos-
sible. As a result of this condition we have built a great
variety of machines, which are entirely controlled by the
mental power of the operator. It was these machines
that constructed the space fliers. By their aid our power
is practically unlimited, and some day we intend to con-
quer as much of the universe as is conquerable. But I
wander from the original point. You may readily see

  •Translator's Note. A "cyelc" may be the Extrosian equivalent for a
year. Prixton Lestex apparently was not interested enough to find what it
corresponded to in his own language.

that since these machines left us free for purely mental
activity, we began to develop our minds to an amazing
degree. When we perfected our ability to project mental
impulses, all conversations were confined to this method
and consequently our speech organs atrophied. As a
matter of fact, the only remnants of our original liodics
which we have retained, besides our brains, are our eyes.
And even these have changed. As we learned to depend
on them more and more for maintaining contact with the
outside world, they gradually grew, and now they in-
clude the entire surface of this sphere-like body. Thus
you may regard the Extrosians as being gigantic eyes
filled with brains. No doubt such a form of intelligence
seems strange to you and probably repulsive also, but
you must remember that every living thing is completely
molded by the environment in which it exists. .If you
were to trace the circumstances and conditions surround-
ing our development, from the very earliest records of
Extrosian life, you would readily perceive the reasons
for our evolution in this direction.” Then I thought of
certain possibilities.

  “With such an organism you should require no nour-
ishment.”

  “Nor do we,” replied the Globe. “That is one of the
numerous advantages of being an Extrosian. And what
is more, our life span has been so tremendously increased
that 85,000 cycles is not an uncommon age among us.
That is because there are no parts to wear out. But what
does happen is this: You know that the brain is only
capable of absorbing a certain amount of knowledge and
ideas. In the case of such a race as your own where the
lifetimes are so short, this fact is of no account, as you
probably only use a small fraction of your total mental
capacity. But with us it is different. After a very long
time the brain becomes saturated and loses the power of
recording any new impression. When this occurs the
individual is no longer conscious of the present but of
the past only. Originally, as such a one was of no use
to the community, they used to be painlessly extermi-
nated. But in the light of advanced science it became
possible to make certain operations on them which de-
stroyed all the less important impressions and thus par-
tially rejuvenated the brain. Each Extrosian can survive
about forty of these treatments which are undergone
once every two thousand cycles. After the brain has
taken more than forty treatments, it grows stale and bc-
comcs worn out. Then it is extinguished. I myself am
comparatively young, for I have as yet only taken eight
treatments.”

  “Perhaps you would like one?”

  “No, thanks, I don’t think I will need it for some time
to come.” Then for a while we conversed no more, and
I again began to think of the terrible fate in store for
my planet. It seemed to me that I had been taking the
whole thing rather calmly, but, after all, what could I do
about it? I would have given my life to warn Astrax
of the coming danger, but how could I? There was not
a movement I could make which the Green Sphere would
not instantly anticipate. The only thing I could do would
be to wait until Astrax was reached and then, at the
moment of landing, attempt to escape. In the meantime
I would try to be as friendly to the Extrosian as possible.
Suddenly T remembered that even now he might be read-
ing my thoughts, and I turned to look at him. but he was
completely absorbed in controlling the flier.

  Then I fell asleep and lost all track of time.
THE MESSAGE FROM SPACE

343

WHEN I awoke I found the Extrosian still in the
same position. He had not moved since I had last
seen him, and yet I was told that over one-half of the
distance had been covered. I could not help thinking
that it spoke well for the power of mental concentration
which this race possesses. Through the front window I
could see faint points of light far in the distance. In-
stinctively I knew these were Dnill space ships. I in-
formed the Extrosian of this.

  ''Yes,” he answered, “they are Drull ships. I knew
they were there a long time ago. As I explained before,
we’ll be able to subdue them by thought waves.”

  “That’s all right, but they have a heat ray which could
destroy this ship instantly. On the way here we were
nearly victims of it ourselves.”

  “Don’t worry. They’ll never get a chance to use it.
I will give a few orders and the Drulls will be done for.”
The Globe turned to a small, shiny square on one of the
walls such as I had seen before, and the red spot on its
surface glowed more vividly than ever. One by one
each of the captains in charge of the space ships jumped
into view, vanishing almost at once. Yet in that brief
moment of their appearance the Extrosian had been able
to give each of them an order. Then the sphere asked
me to look through a rear window. I could see a long
line of shining points of light, each of them representing
a space flier. Gradually the line began to bend at the
center, until it took the shape of a crescent, with our
flier in advance at the center. From end to end the line
could have been no less than 350 lentors in length. The
Sphere informed me that the object of these tactics was
to prevent any of the Drull ships from escaping for the
line was to surround them, forming a circle. Now the
enemy was only a thousand lentors away and they made
ready to attack us. Even at that distance I could see
their heat rays flashing, although they could not harm us
while we were so far away. Each moment now the two
fleets were coming closer and closer. Then the Globe
went to the front window and the red spot glowed again.
Suddenly the foremost of the Drull fliers began to wob-
ble in its path and then dropped out of sight. Simul-
taneouly almost all the other enemy ships followed suit.
But even so a considerable number remained to endanger
us with their heat rays. These came toward us at a
high rate of speed. Just as I thought we were within
reach of their rays, they too began to act erratically and
plunged downwards after the rest of the fleet.

  The Extrosian was elated over the overwhelming suc-
cess of the battle.

  “You see,” he explained, “the whole thing was ab-
surdly simple. I merely had to project my thought
waves into the brains of the Drulls and thus command
them to direct the ships’ courses downwards before they
died. This carried all of them out of the way, and it
isn’t likely that they will come back very soon. I had
ordered all the other Extrosians in command of fliers to
do the same.”

  “Have your thought waves any limiting range?”

  “Of course the range varies with the mental power of
the projectors, but the average is about twelve times that
of the heat rays.” I saw a new hope for my planet.

  “Then I don’t think your invading expedition will be
very successful, as we have certain weapons which are
efficient over distances many times greater than that.
For example, we have an atomic disintegrator which
would cause the atoms of this flier to collapse instantly
and ...”

  “Yes,” interrupted the Globe impatiently, “I know all
about that. We Extrosians abandoned that device thou-
sands of cycles ago. As a matter of fact, I read in your
mind that the Astrakians have been making use of this
instrument, and as a precaution I have ordered that all
the fliers be covered with a film of solid hydrogen. They
won’t be able to attack us while we are in the air, and
when we land there will not be any danger cither. If
they should use their rays, then they will wreck Astrax,
so a victory would be too dearly bought.” This brought
home the realization of my planet’s impending doom
more forcibly than ever. What possible chance could it
have against an invading army of Super-Intelligences
whose giant intellects had foreseen every possible con-
tingency? Then I determined to do something that,
strangely enough, had never occurred to me before. I
returned to the Extrosian and earnestly pled for my
country. Since his position and rank were very high, I
knew that if I could persuade him to abandon the inva-
sion and go back to Extrose, his decision would not be
contradicted. I told him of the beauties of my planet, of
its highly organized civilization, of the scientists in the
lower levels who ceaslessly toiled for the betterment of
Astrax, of its airways and of its interplanetary trans-
ports. In short, of practically every development that
my planet had produced. All in vain. The Sphere could
see only from one viewpoint.

  “Do you know, 1 think I shall lose patience with your
continual mourning over the approaching end of your
race. After all, what purpose is there in life but the
advancement of science ? Can’t you understand that your
boasted civilization is really of a decidedly low level any-
way? You talk of the ‘beauties of Astrax.’ What good
do 'beauties’ do ? Do they assist in the erection of labora-
tories or of scientific instruments and machines? No.
They merely encourage indolence and vague dreaming.
You say that your civilization has constantly devoted
itself to the service and development of science. May I
ask you what outstanding advances you have made in
that line? 'The trouble is that you permit queer, senti-
mental ideas to interfere with your progress. When you
should be delighted that your place on Astrax is going to
be taken by a superior race of higher achievements, you
bemoan the fact. Now is that a true, scientific spirit ?”

  I saw that it was more than useless to plead with this
strange creature, who recognized not a single idea in life
but the advancement of science and the urge of adven-
ture. What could a rational being answer to an argu-
ment like that? And yet, after a little reflection, I could
understand the reason for these perverted ideas. As a
civilization of pure brains, they had practically nothing
with which to concern themselves but intellectual labors.
As a result every idea relating to personal pleasure or
esthetic appreciation of the beautiful had died a natural
death. That was my way of accounting for the Globe’s
peculiar mental attitude.

  After that I made no more allusions to the fate of my
planet. At least I had done all I could and no more
could be expected of me. I asked the Green Globe what
would happen to me when everyone else on Astrax was
disposed of. I learned that so long as I did not interfere
with any of the subsequent Extrosian procedures nothing
would be done to me. I could not help thinking that that
sort of a life would be a lonely one—wandering through
the levels of Astrax and reflecting on the life and activity
which I had loved so well, now gone forever. I knew
that I would never feel at home with the Extrosians.
344

AMAZING STORIES

   “You will get used to it like everything else, as I told
you before,” the Globe told me. “But you never seem
to realize that fact and I’m not going to drill it into your
stubborn mind any more. Perhaps you will be interested
to know that we have almost reached Astrax. It's that
small disk of light you see through the front window.
It is only 3,000,000 of your lentors away, and at our
present rate it will not take very long to cover the dis-
tance.” I felt a throb of emotion as I gazed on that
bright, shining light which I knew was my home. . . .

THE flier was traveling so rapidly that the visible
disk of Astrax began to enlarge appreciably each
instant until it soon filled the entire heavens. Already I
recognized the characteristic markings of those conti-
nents which faccd me.

  The Sphere decided that it would be better to try to
effect a landing on the dark side of the planet, so accord-
ingly the entire Extrosian fleet swung around in a large
circle until it reached the other hemisphere of Astrax.
However, the vigilant Astrakian fliers were on the look-
out and immediately great signal flares were lighted all
over the surface of the planet. At the same time a great
horde of space ships rose from the ground as if by magic
and began to ascend above the limits of the atmosphere
to a point where they could operate their Wexton ray
machines. The Extrosians, despite their superior intel-
lects, had not anticipated this maneuver, and so were
forced to flee from under the Astrakian fleet, which was
out of the range of their thought rays. The Green
Sphere decided on a route which led to one of the largest
cities. The Extrosian fliers flew rapidly overhead and
by projected thought impulses killed off nearly two-thirds
of the population. This action was repeated again and
again, and each time one of the major cities of Astrax
was reduced to a metropolis peopled by corpses. Of
course the inhabitants of each of the big cities had been
ordered by the General Astrakian News Agency to leave,
but their numbers were so great that the process of de-
parture took considerable time, and this afforded the
Extrosians an opportunity to catch up with them. Mean-
while the Astrakian fleet had overtaken us and was rain-
ing a perfect shower of the atomic rays, even at the risk
of endangering their own cities. This menace grew to
alarming proportions as more and more Astrakian fliers
joined their comrades. The Green Globe then deter-
mined to attack the enemy on its own ground. So, in-
stead of killing off the citizens below, it turned its atten-
tion to the fliers above. Soon the whole Extrosian fleet
was high in the air, rapidly approaching the Astrakians.
Already they had lost nearly sixty ships through the
atomic ray machines while the Astrakian fleet was as yet
intact. But now, when we were at close quarters, the
Spheres had a chance to project their mental waves, and
in a moment dozens and dozens of hostile space ships
fell to sure destruction upon the surface of the planet,
many lentors below. At this sudden reversal of condi-
tions the Astrakians began to take alarm and accordingly
all of them tried to flee from the range of the Extrosian
thought rays. But this they were unable to do. The in-
vading ships were very much faster and the Astrakian
vehicles had not a chance of escaping them. Moreover,
when they saw so many of their ships suddenly drop
downwards, they lost their courage and even neglected to

use the ray machines. Thus all of them fell victims to
the Extrosians, and the Astrakian fleet was no more. We
then dropped all the way to the surface and prepared
to emerge. The Green Sphere informed me that he was
not going to make any attempts to get into communica-
tion with the remaining inhabitants, as he was going to
exterminate all of them anyway. His annihilation of
their fleet had left no doubt of his intentions. We
alighted near one of the large cities and all of the Extro-
sians left the ship. I begged to be permitted to remain
behind, as I could not bear to be seen in the company of
these invaders by any of my fellow creatures. For a
while the Sphere seemed to hesitate when I requested
this privilege, but he decided finally to leave me in the
flier.

  "But I warn you,” he added, “not to leave. I am not
even going to leave a guard, as you aren’t worth the
trouble. If you go away it will be your own fault if you
get killed, since none of the other Extrosians know you.”
Then he was gone and all the rest of the Globes with him.
For a long time I thought over the situation. Then, sud-
denly, 1 made up my mind and I acted at once. By a
strange coincidence the city near which we had landed
was the same one in which I had been engaged as Land-
ing Stage Inspector, so I knew it thoroughly. I left the
flier and ran as rapidly as I could to the city and there I
mixed with the terrified mobs. T believe that of all the
thousands there awaiting destruction, I was the only one
with a set purpose in mind. I went to the nearest build-
ing and soon found my way to a shaft leading to the
bottom levels. Down I went to level #1. Even here the
place was deserted. Knowing their doom was at hand,
the scientists who worked there preferred to die in the
light of day rather than deep in the heart of the ground.
As I went about I had been hastily gathering food, and
by the time I reached my destination I was loaded with
this necessity. At last I came to a small chamber which
had formerly been a secret office of the Astrakian Space
Ship Co. Under a cabinet at one side of the room was a
small trapdoor of which I alone knew. I pulled a small,
hidden lever and the door opened. I climbed down and
pulled another lever. There was a tremendous explosion
and the entire building above me crashed into ruins, thus
effectively sealing my retreat, which I had always ready
for just such a catastrophe as this. I followed a small
and dimly lighted corridor for about five lentors and
finally arrived at a tiny room filled with all sorts of scien-
tific apparatus, chief among which was an excellent
space-phone, operated from a private source of energy.

  There is little more to say. I will send twenty-five
messages exactly like these which I hope will serve as a
warning to any civilization which some of them may
reach. Tf it were possible, I would give complete de-
scriptions of our atomic energy production plants and
our magnet-ray machines, but these were known only
to the government and the inventors. If there exists a
race whose science has enabled them to construct a space-
phone like this or some similar instrument capable of
receiving any of these messages, then my work has not
been in vain, and surely such a race will do its utmost
to defend itself against the Extrosians, who have an-
nounced their intention of conquering the entire universe
if possible. Farewell and may you be fortified against
this menace in time to resist its attacks.

The End
Flamingo

345

By Clarence Edward Heller

(Continued from page 329)

  The property man within the cab, waiting for the lady
to enter, who, by the way, was none other than a female
robot, laughed heartily as he tossed the rare orchids out
through the cab window, and appropriated the ring.

  Miss Dolly felt very sorry for the unhappy chap and
his wasted gifts of adoration, but the Manager and
myself took it as a rare jest.

  “You enjoyed the music?” he next inquired, at which
we both nodded our heads in an enthusiastically affirma-
tive manner.

  “I am glad ... for the ‘Orphonium’ and the ‘Har-
monium’ are my especial delights.

  "The lights, which you perceived in hundreds or thou-
sands tonight, are generated from the power stations lo-
cated in the Buffalo Locks, by the Edisonia Corporation.

  “But, the most marvelous innovation of all is the
scenery. It is all relayed by wires from all countries . . .
Java, India, Wales, England, Africa, America . . . any-
where at all. Trees, tropical fruits, grasses, foliages, vari-
ous tints of nature, typhoons, simoons, monsoons, gales
or calms, or ice-berg scenes from the frozen Antarctic.
Crocodiles basking in Floridian everglades. A fiesta in
San Diego.

  ‘‘For a great sum of money as rental 1 order whatever
scenery I wish in advance ... my agents attend to that,
of course.

  “I thus have no strikes, no delays in shipping scenic
effects, no temperamental fits and starts from my artists,
for which I am so truly thankful.

  “Again, a fact that you and your fair companion ob-
served, no doubt, tonight. There were all types of female
robots dancing, yet, dare I mention in the presence of
your friend that there was nothing suggestive or that
would shock the most sensitive person.”

  I assured him all had been cognizant of this.

  “You see,” he continued, “the Sex idea has been
sunk, submerged, as it were, under the loftiness of my
themes. I admit there are other great theatres in the
world, all producing extravaganza robot shows, but I aim
to give the public the very best.”

  I hastened to express to the Manager my particular
gratitude for this vast work of his art.

  “There are no salaries whatsoever,” explained the
Manager, “and my only human contacts are with the
property men and wardrobe personnel.

  “That is the medium which has enabled the producer
to give his audiences of this era such marvelous produc-
tions at such abnormally low figures.

  “But, I must be leaving . . . and I am sorry for my
intrusion.”

  I arose and shook his hand, and he departed.

  It was now quite one o'clock and the immense con-
course was crowded with dancers, who would occupy the
floor until daylight.

  I observed that Miss Dolly appeared to be a trifle
fatigued, so suggesting that we depart, we made our way
from the table. Upon receiving her cloak and my own
hat and top-coat, without leaving tips of any sort for
that was passe now in a robot world, we hastened to the
moving sidewalk.

  We sat down on the way home, and taking the escala-
tor, reached the street level, outside of the apartment
hotel in which the Van Swaggers and myself resided.

  Miss Dolly’s face lighted up as she indicated the roof
of the Astoria Hotel, one hundred and sixty-five stories
above the pavement, with a wave of her hand.

  Peering upward I observed the night Limited Orient
Express, leaving for Japan on their twelve-hour schedule,
from its runway on the top of this mammoth hostelry.

  At last, at the door of her parents’ apartment, I took
an old man’s privilege of kissing the fair Miss Dolly
a Good Night, and she asked me if I still had the rose.

  I took it from my pocket, and she kissed it, and then
I followed suit.

  I did not blame Miss Dolly much, for she is young
and romantic, but a man of my years!

  She wished me to see some ocean flats with her the
next afternoon near Brighton . . . and as I tendered her
wrap to her, which the ever-wakeful female robot took in
her hand, through the slightly opened doorway, I passed
in my hat, also, in my confusion.

  Miss Dolly laughed merrily as she passed my hat out
to me and told me I had every young man of her ac-
quaintance completely outclassed for distingue boyishness.

  I went to my rooms on air.

  Taking a glass of synthetic soda and brandy from a
wall-faucet, I sat down and contemplated the evening.

  What a wonderful show and what a grand wife Miss
Dolly would make for some man.

  And, thinking jointly of the promised inspection of
ocean flats for the next day and what an auspicious oc-
casion to propose to Miss Dolly, I began to prepare for
my bed.

  Scratching my head, the lilting notes of “Red Love”
haunted me; and the lovely Mile. Flamingo, who had the
face of, er . . . Miss Dolly, in my dreams.

  I hoped that the operating scene in the amphitheatre
would not interfere with my night’s repose as I leaned
from my Davenette couch and extinguished the Mazdalier
lights on the floor.

The End

Sequel to The Sklark of Space

Begins in August and continues for three consecutive issues.

SKYLARK THREE, By Edward E. Smith, Ph.D.

Order your copies now from your newsdealer, or send your subscription direct to
Amazing Stories. 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.
The Un iverse

  Wreckers

A FEW men of science are now predicting that within a relatively short period
YI of time space-travel will be taken out of the realm of mere possibility and
will become an undeniable reality. Mr. Hamilton, in his final chapters of this
serial, in no uncertain manner, depicts some of the thrills—and dangers—of space-
travel, when it will have become a more or less perfected actuality. This instal-
ment runs along in the true Hamilton manner—there is plenty of science, plenty
of action and plenty of plausibility in “The Universe Wreckers.”

                           Illustrated by WESSO

              WHAT WENT BEFORE
\UHEN the scientific world confirms Dr. Marlin’s observations on
the nlarmingly perceptible increase in the rotatory speed of the
sun, matters have taken a serious turn. During- a conference at the
capitol, at which a number of eminent astronomers are present,
various theories are propounded as to the cause of this accelerating:
speed and its effect on the Earth. They are convinced that the
cause, whatever it may be, is on Neptune, and that several men must
be sent to Neptune to learn the cause and perhaps find a cure.

  The impossible is accomplished. A Space-flier is built and out-
fitted in record time and is sent on its way with three scientists—
Drs. Marlin, Whitely, Randall Markham—and Hunt, who is to report
on the findings and the trip. Hunt is the relator of the story. Four
space-walkers, specially designed to be used by the men outside of
the space-flier in interplanetary space in case of an emergency, are
also included among the accessories.

  All goes well until the space-flier reaches the asteroid zone, where
they are in imminent danger. They escape with only minor damages,
which they repair in open space by means of the space-walkers. A
comparatively short time later they come within the atmosphere of
Neptune, and find that planet’s surface completely covered by a metal
roof. They go along and above this roof until they come to a circular
opening, through which they enter. Once beneath the metal shield,
they see vast compartment-citles with countless strange structures.
They decide to separate, so Marlin and Hunt, In the space-walkers,
venture further to learn about Neptune and the disk-like beings that
prove to be the inhabitants of this planet.

  In the midst of their investigations. Hunt and Marlin look up to
see the space-ship attacked by the Neptunians and part of it rent
asunder. They continue on their way, bemoaning the loss of their
friends, but more intent than ever to find the cause of the trouble.
Soon they are discovered by some of these disk-like creatures, who,
immediately after the foremost utters a staccato cry, fling themselves
straight forward upon Marlin and Hunt. A battle ensues, in which
the Earth men are victorious.

  The two men escape, hut are caught again and brought before the
Council, In whose center is an intelligent speaker in the form of a
globe, which tells them in detail the history of the planet Neptune
and what the inhabitants had to do to protect themselves from com-
plete extinction, even though it meant a terrible annihilation for
almost all the other planets. When the globe has finished “speaking’
the two men are surrounded by the guards once more and imprisoned.
So much being dependent on them. Marlin and Hunt take the only
possible chance of escape—poor as it is—in order to attempt to get
back to Earth.

CHAPTER XI (Continued)

              Desperate Chances

N the ante-room compartment stood the usual files
  of Neptunian guards, and as we saw them, far be-
  neath us, we heard a sharp staccato order from one
  of them, saw them standing aside from the en-
  trance to the great circular Council compartment.
  Then, as we watched, vve saw emerging from that circular
  compartment in a moment more, thirty Neptunians, the

supreme Council of Thirty before which we had been so
short a time before! They were conversing now in their
staccato speech, no longer held silent by the synthesizing
of their minds in the great globe-mechanism, and as we
watched them from far above, we saw them, surrounded
now by the files of guards, passing across the ante-room
compartment and through a door in it, toward the sun-
ward side of Triton. When they had gone, the ante-
room compartment empty beneath us, Martin pointed
downward.

  “Down here, Hunt!” he whispered. “If we stay
longer on the wall-tops we’ll be seen by some cylinder
passing above, and if we get down into this compartment,
we can make our way to the. dark side!”

  “You’re going to try to steal a cylinder on the dark
side?” I asked, and he nodded.

  “Yes, in the darkness there. %vhere the Neptunians are
sleeping, we’ll have a chance to get at one. But we
must hurry, for there’s little time left before the great
signal comes for those on dark and sunward sides to
change places!”

  So, spurred on by that necessity, we swung ourselves
over the wall's edge and then dropped down through
the dusk two hundred feet toward the ante-room com-
partment’s floor. Yet that great drop was to us not
more than a drop of a tenth that distance on earth, so
slowly did we float down toward the floor, breaking our
fall a little by scraping along the smooth wall. We struck
the floor, tumbled in a heap there, and then straightened,
gazed about. The ante-room was quite empty and in it
were but three of the broad low doors. One led back
to the cell-compartments from which we had escaped,
another led to the sunward side. Through that had just
passed the Council of Thirty and their guards. The
other led into the great circular Council compartment
itself. The last, it was clear, was the only one that held
out to us any prospect of reaching the dark side, so we
A Serial in 3 Parts
Part III

By Edmond Hamilton

In an instant Marlin and 1 had clambered to the drifting cylinder's edge and to the open outside door.

347

Author of “Locked Worlds/' “The Other Side of the
Moon " etc.
348

AMAZING

STORIES

passed through it quickly and into the great Council
compartment, moving now in great floating leaps each
step.

  The great circular compartment was as empty of life
as the one which wc had just left, the twilight dusk in it
dispelled somewhat by the soft-glowing disks in its walls.
The great ring-table in it had in the seats around it no
Neptunians of the Council now, but at that table’s center
stood still the great metal globe whose strange mechanism
made of the thirty minds of the Council members a single
mind, in perception and action. Knowing even as we did
that it was but a lifeless mechanism now, without the
Council’s members connected to it, it was yet with some
awe that we stared toward that great mechanism, to
whose voice we had listened so short a time before.
Much would I have given to have examined it, to have
inspected whatever strange mechanism lay within the
globe, but time now was our enemy. Soon the signal
would come that would send the millions of Neptunians
on dark and sunward sides streaming across Triton to
change their sides. And unless we could steal one of the
cylinders and escape before that signal came, we would
inevitably be discovered.

  So, sparing only a glance toward the great silent globe,
Marlin and I moved silently across the great Council
compartment, toward one of the low doors in it that led
apparently toward the dark side of Triton, to our right.
Cautiously we passed through that door, finding ourselves
in another anteroom compartment, as empty now as the
one through which we had already come. Swiftly we
moved across it, in the great floating leaps that each step
of ours made now, toward the door in it that led in the
direction of the dark side. But even as we moved
toward that door, as we stooped to pass through it, Mar-
lin and I shrank suddenly back, appalled. For as we
bent toward that door, the sound of staccato voices had
come to us from just ahead, and we had seen in that
moment that there were Neptunians in the next com-
partment, several armed with ray-tubes, who were
coming straight toward that door, straight toward us!

  A moment we glanced wildly about through the dusky
compartment as they came toward us, then we had leaped
aside from the door, had reached one of the compart-
ment’s corners, leaping more than a score of feet toward
that corner and crouching there in the dusk, even as the
dozen Neptunians came through the door! It was our
one chance of escaping them, the chance that they might
not perceive us in the compartment’s corner through the
twilight dusk that reigued in it. But I knew that so
keen were their great bulging multiple eyes that it was
against hope that I hoped. The Neptunians who had
come into the compartment, however, seemed not to
notice us as they entered, passing across it toward the
great Council compartment, conversing among them-
selves in their snapping speech-sounds as they did
so. .Tensely we crouched there, stiffening suddenly, as
we saw one of the disk-bodied monsters suddenly turn
and glance back across the compartment in our direction.
But in the next moment he had turned back, not seeing
us, and then they had passed through the opposite door,
their strange voices passing from our hearing.

  Marlin and I straightened, with long breaths of relief.
"Close, Hunt!" he whispered. “But on to the dark side
—we’ve little enough time left!”

  "We’re almost out of the twilight band now,” I told
him, “and in the dark side we’ll be a little safer.”

AND now we were moving quietly through the
door from which the approach of the Neptunians
had startled us, through the compartment beyond it and
on through another and another. These compartments
of the twilight band seemed for the most part quite
empty, filled neither with masses of working Neptunians
like those of the sunward side, nor masses of sleeping
Neptunians like those of the dark side. We had found,
however, that the compartments of the twilight band
were in fact used only for the housing of the Council of
Thirty and of the other activities and departments of
the rulers of the Neptunians, their only purpose aside
from that being to provide easy access from the dark to
the sunward side of Triton, and vice versa. So it was
that now as we crept through the twilight dusk of those
compartments, we found them almost wholly empty and
tenantless, though once or twice we were forced again
to seek hiding in the shadows as we heard the staccato
voices of Neptunians in the distance. Once, too, we
were startled by one of the cylinders throbbing by close
above us, and since we had had no time to hide from it,
thought ourselves discovered by it, though after tense
minutes it became plain that its occupants load not seen
us.

  But soon the twilight of that narrow band was deepen-
ing, and almost at once, it seemed, we were moving from
that twilight dusk into a deep darkness that obscured
all things about us. W'e had reached the dark side of
Triton, we knew, and now moved more carefully still,
for upon that dark side, we knew equally well, slept half
the massed millions of the Neptunian races. The first
few compartments which we traversed in that darkness,
however, were as empty as those in the twilight behind
us. But then, as we moved silently on, we came into
the first of the great sleeping-compartments. Even like
those which had puzzled us so on Neptune it was, with
its towering walls lined with intersecting shelves whose
openings, twice as long as they were high, were ranged in
rows, one above the other, like giant pigeon-holes.

  This sleep-compartment, though, was not empty like
those upon Neptune, for in its hundreds of shelf-open-
ings, its great pigeon-holes, there slept hundreds upon
hundreds of the disk-bodied Neptunians! Their seven
short limbs folded up around their disk-bodies, they re-
posed in those openings with their bulging, glassy eyes as
open as ever. It was evident they all were sleeping,
since the dimness of the day upon Neptune had made
lids for those eyes unnecessary in the evolution of their
strange race. And eery was that sight to Marlin and
myself, as we stepped silently into and across the great
sleep-compartment. For it seemed to us that the hun-
dreds of Neptunians reposing thus in those wall-openings
were regarding us fixedly with their great multiple eyes,
watching us as we moved across the compartment. None
stirred, though, as we made our way across it to the
opposite door, and moved into the next, which we found
to be another sleep-compartment also, its wall-openings,
too, holding hundreds of the sleeping monsters.

  Through a dozen such sleep-compartments we went,
moving with infinite quiet and care, lest any of those
sleeping thousands about us be aroused by any sound.
And almost it seemed to Marlin and me as we crept on
that that hope was ended in any case, since so far we
had found none of the landing-compartments for which
we searched, none of the cylindrical fliers in which alone
we could escape. We had passed through other com-
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

349

partments that held the great heat-radiating globes, now,
great glowing globes whose intense heat was not radiated
out horizontally at all, but sent up in vertical heat-
currents, which by convection in some way warmed all
Triton’s atmosphere. Past these and through still more
sleep-compartments we went, pausing now and then as
from the distance in the dark side there reached us a
few staccato voices; still we came not upon any of the
landing-compartments for which we searched.

  Despair was growing in me as we crept on through the
sleep-compartments, through the thousands of slumber-
ing Neptunians. For soon would come the signal that
would awaken all those Neptunians about us, I knew,
and unless we found a landing-compartment, a cylinder
that we might steal before then, all was lost. Even with
such a cylinder, indeed, little enough hope was ours, since
we dared not attempt to get to the twenty controls of the
great sun-ray across the swarming sunward side. Our
greatest hope would be to escape from Triton in it, if
possible through the great roof that surrounded Triton,
but even that hope seemed a futile one now, since, as we
went on and on through the dense darkness of this
sleeping side of Triton, we were moving still through a
maze of sleep-compartments, groping blindly through the
vast checkerboard maze of intersecting, towering walls.
And as we came into still another of the. sleep-compart-
ments, widi its massed sleeping Neptunians in the wall-
openings around it, I halted beside Marlin, twitched his
sleeve.

  “Marlin!” I whispered. "That signal will be coming
soon—this dark side’s sleeping millions will be waking
around us, and we’ve seen no sign of cylinders yet!”

  “We must go on, Hunt!” he whispered tensely. "It’s
our only chance now—to get to one of the cylinders be-
fore they awaken!”

  "But if we were to head in a different direction-11

I began, then was abruptly silent, stiffening suddenly, as
Marlin did, beside me.

   For there, across the dark compartment from us it had
seemed to us that one of the sleeping Neptunians in the
wall-openings had moved! Fixedly, in that moment, we
stared toward it, its own great glassy eyes staring back
toward us like those of all the other sleeping monsters.
Was the creature asleep or waking? The question
burned in our brains at that moment as Marlin and I
stood there motionless, gazing toward the Neptunian.
It was but the merest moment, though, that we gazed
thus at the thing transfixed, for in the next instant it and
the one in the opening beside it, roused by its own move-
ment, had moved again, and then with their low staccato
cries of surprise sounding together as one, the two Nep-
tunian monsters had leaped down to the compartment’s
floor from their openings and were confronting us!

CHAPTER XII

Through the Roof

EVEN as the two creatures leaped down to the floor,
and before they could change their low cries of
astonishment into louder cries of alarm, Marlin
and I had leaped across the compartment toward them!
For a full two-score feet in one great leap we shot toward
them, a feat only possible with Triton’s lesser gravitation,
and only possible, too, because we knew in that moment
that a single loud cry from the two creatures would bring

to their aid the hundreds of Neptunians sleeping about,
us. Before either could utter such a cry, we two had shot
through the air and were upon them!

  So astounded were they with our appearance and our
supernatural leap across the compartment, that before
they could put themselves into a posture of defense, we
had struck them, had knocked them to the floor and were
grappling with them. In that first moment of contact I
had reached for the mouth-opening of the disk-bodied
monster at whom I had leaped, had gripped that opening
in the top of its disk-body to prevent its outcry and then
had striven to lift the tiling sidewise, to hurl it against
the floor. But great as was my strength against Triton’s
lesser gravitation, the strength of the Neptunian I held
was greater still, and its weight, due to the weight-disks
worn by it, was enormous. In an instant its seven great
limbs were clutching for me, grasping me, and as I
strained there against that great monstrous disk-body’s
grip, I knew with fatal certainty that never could I match
my strength against its own. For even as I struggled
desperately with it, Marlin struggling as wildly with the
other beside me, the thing was lifting me with its own
great limbs from the floor!

  Upward it drew me with those powerful limbs, its
bulging glassy eyes staring from its disk-body’s edge
straight into my own, as we grappled desperately in the
dark compartment with the sleeping Neptunians all about
us! I felt myself being overcome, my strength puny be-
side the strength of that monster, and as I clutched wildly
still at the month-opening in the top of the disk-body,
I thrust my clenched fist down into that small round
mouth-opening, half by chance and half by design, clos-
ing it thus with my balled fist. Instantly the creature’s
body turned and twisted frantically, its grip upon me for-
gotten for the moment, its whole body's mass seeming to
heave and twitch as my hand thus ait off the passage of
air into that mouth-opening, into its body! I was throt-
tling it, I knew, and hung fiercely to my grip upon it, my
clenched hand still within its mouth-opening, while the
thing swayed and tore at me with ever-decreasing
strength. A moment more and its struggles ceased, it col-
lapsed limply to the floor, and I staggered up again to
my feet.

  In a single glance I saw that the other Neptunian had
gripped Marlin and was crushing him against a corner
of the compartment's shelving and instantly, with a single
great leap, I was upon that other monster, had gained
upon it the same throttling grip which I had found was
so deadly to these creatures. In a flash the Neptunian
had released his hold upon Marlin, was whirling me
around the compartment, shaking me this way and that,
and wildly attempting to tear itself loose from me, but
with the last of my .strength I hung to it, and in a few
moments it, too, had weakened, then had slumped down
in a lifeless, grotesque mass. And as I rose from it 1
saw that Marlin had staggered up likewise, was coming
toward me. None other of the Neptunians had been
aroused by the noise of our mad combat, because in
the first excitement of that combat the two Neptunians
we fought had not thought to cry out, and after I had
gained that throttling hold upon them they could not. So
around us the silent ranks of Neptunians slept on un-
aroused, their open, glassy eyes full upon us even in
their sleep, while Marlin and I were stumbling toward
the compartment’s door.

  “On, Hunt!” he whispered hoarsely. “We still have
350

AMAZING

STORIES

a chance, if we can find a landing-compartment, can steal
one of the cylinders before these sleeping Neptunians
wake I”

  Through the next compartment we went, and the next,
anti the next, all slcep-cornpartments, filled with rows of
slumbering- Neptunians like those behind us, but in our
progress we had come upon no landing-compartment.
And though we knew that such there were here and there
on Triton’s dark side, we could not tell, in the darkness
and with the huge walls towering all around us, in what
direction from us they might be. We could but blunder
aimlessly on through the maze of adjoining sleep-com-
partments in the blind hope that we might chance upon
one of the landing-sections, and as wc went on, stagger-
ing in great, irregular leaps through compartment after
compartment, all filled either with masses of sleeping
Neptunians or with great heat-radiating mechanisms, we
knew that at any moment might come the great signal
of light that would awaken the hordes around us.

  Never could there have been flight more nightmare-
like than that of Marlin and myself through the dark
compartments of Triton’s dark side, in blind search for
the cylinders which alone held out to us any chance of
escape. Through the sleep-compartments, with their
masses of open-eyed and sleeping disk-bodied Neptu-
nians, through the compartments where reared the great
glowing globes whose radiated heat alone held back the
cold doom that so long had threatened these strange be-
ings. through compartment after compartment in a flight
made more grotesque and unreal to us by the strange
method of our progress; by the strange, great, smooth
leaps .that we made instead of steps, great floating leaps
of a score of feet in which we rushed through the dark
sleeping compartments, reckless now of the few Neptu-
nians who might be waking and moving upon the dark
side. Then suddenly as we leaped toward the door of
still another sleep-compartment, poised an instant to leap
through that low door, we halted, gazed with abruptly-
flaring hope ahead. For the next compartment, we saw,
was a rectangular one and greater in size than any we
had passed through as yet, and in it there stood the great
gleaming shapes of a score or more of the cvlinder-fliers
that we sought!

  With hearts pounding Marlin and I crouched in the
low door, gazing through the darkness toward those great
cylinders, that gleamed a little in the feeble light that
came down upon Triton's dark side from the stars
through the great roof overhead. We saw that the low
doors in the sides of those cylinders, near the bases, were
open, and from them there came to us the throbbing of
their mechanisms, inside 1 It was evident that these were
part of the countless cylinders used to help in transport-
ing the Neptunian hordes from dark side to sunward side
of Triton, and vice versa, and it was equally evident from
those throbbing mechanisms’ operation, that the hour of
awakening for those hordes was at hand and that these
were waiting for that awakening. For there stood also,
between us and the nearest of the cylinders, three tube-
armed Neptunians who were conversing in brief, snap-
ping speech as they waited!

FOR the moment, at sight of those cylinders, Marlin
and I came near to throwing ourselves toward them
regardless of the three, but that we knew would be sui-
cide. so despite our torturing agony of soul we waited
there in the doorway, gazing desperately toward the
cylinders. And in a moment, as we sought in vain for

some way to get to the nearest of those cylinders, there
came a final staccato order from one of the three Nep-
tunians and at that order the other two turned and passed
through a door in the landing-compartment’s side opposite
from us. It was our chance, the chance for which we
had hardly dared to hope even, and no sooner had the
two Neptunians disappeared through the opposite door,
the other standing with his eyes following them for the
moment, than Marlin and I had crept out a little bit into
the landing-compartment and then with a great simul-
taneous leap had shot through the air toward that re-
maining Neptunian!

  There was no chance for resistance on the crcature’s
part. For even as we knocked it sidewise with the force
of our leap Marlin had grasped the creature’s limbs and
with fierce, desperate strength I had with my clenched
fist closed its mouth-opening in that method whose dead-
liness had been proved to me in our other battle. The
thing threshed wildly, then it, too, had gone limp, and
had collapsed. And in the next instant Marlin and I
were rising from it, were leaping across the compart-
ment toward the open low door of the nearest great cyl-
inder, from whose great gleaming upright bulk before us
came the throbbing of its powerful generators. And
then, a dozen feet from it, we stopped dead, and from
Marlin came a hoarse cry.

  For at that moment there had swept over us, through
us, past us, from the direction of Triton's sunward side
across its surface, a band of intensely brilliant white light,
white light that blazed brilliant for the moment all around
us, turning the changeless night of Triton’s dark side
around us for the moment into a white and blinding day,
and then sweeping swiftly on, around Triton’s surface!
It was the great signal of awakening, the signal for the
millions of sleeping Neptunians about us to awake and
change places with the swarming millions upon the sun-
ward sitle! And even as that dazzling signal came, as
Marlin and I stood stupefied there for the moment before
the looming cylinder’s open door, there came from all
around us, from over all the dark side’s great extent and
from all its maze of sleep-compartments, a rising babel of
staccato voices, the voices of its awakening Neptunian
millions! Then, before ever we could recover from the
stupefaction that in that instant held us rooted to the
spot, there had poured into the great landing-compart-
ment from the compartments on all sides of it swarms
of hastening Neptunians, swarms of disk-bodied mon-
sters, who in that moment saw us, littered as one a sharp
great cry of discovery, and in the next moment were
rushing from all sides toward us!

  “The cylinder!"

  It was Marlin’s wild cry, that aroused me from the
stupefaction of amazement that held me. Straight before
us. a dozen feet away, was the open door of the nearest
cylinder, and in the next split-second Marlin and I. as
one, had leaped toward it, had shot through that door,
into the cylinder’s interior, even as the Neptunians raced
toward us. The next instant I had reached frantically for
the door, had with one swift motion slid it clanging shut,
and then as the Neptunian masses outside hurled them-
selves toward it, Marlin and I were throwing ourselves
up through the openings toward the cylinder’s upper-
most section. In one leap I was at the central control-
standarrl, fumbled frantically with the green control-
studs for an agonizing moment, and then, just as we
heard the Neptunians below flinging themselves against
the door, the great throbbing cylinder shot upward!
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

351

  Up over Triton's dark side we rose, a dozen slender
force-rays criss-crossing about us from beneath in that
moment, and as we glanced momentarily down we could
see the Neptunians in the landing-compartment beneath
rushing toward the other cylinders there! And glancing
far across the surface of Triton, we could see all its
mighty compartment-city, dark and sunward sides alike,
swarming now with Neptunian hordes as the end and be-
ginning of their strange day and night periods was sig-
nalled. Over the great compartment-city, over all the
countless millions of Neptunians that swarmed through
it, there was spreading a crackling roar of excited tumult,
as our escape was discovered. And from far away on
either side and from beneath us, scores of great cylinders
whirled toward us!

  "Up—up!" Marlin was shouting now beside me.
“They’ll have us in another moment!”

  I pressed swiftly again the studs before me, and as the
cylinder shot up and sidewise with terrific speed on an
upward slant I shouted back to Marlin over the roar of
air about us. “The roof-openings!” I cried. “We’ll
make for the nearest one I”

  But as the cylinder flashed obliquely upward, Marlin
and I crouching in the two opposite seats at the control-
standard, I became aware of the swarms of racing cylin-
ders behind closing in upon us. And over the dark
and sunward surfaces of Triton that great mounting roar
of sound was spreading, as the Neptunian hordes saw our
wild attempt at escape. Up—up—and now we were rac-
ing close beneath the great roof, transparent from below,
with the pursuing cylinders drawing ever nearer, their
Neptunian occupants more skilled than I in their opera-
tion. And now, too, from those uprising, pursuing
swarms were directed toward us slender pencil-like rays
of pale light, visible only near their source, concentrated
force-rays, that would cleave through our cylinder as
through paper!

  On and upward—and now as we shot 011, with the
swarming cylinders hurtling hotly after us in wild pur-
suit, with the throb of our generators and the roar of air
about us thundering in our ears, with the wild tumult of
the massed Neptunians on Triton’s surface coming dully
up to us from l>eneath, Marlin and T were gazing with
tense eyes ahead and upward. The great opening, the
great sliding section of the roof down through which we
had come—that was our one chance to escape from Tri-
ton. I knew that unless we could win through that open-
ing, out of Triton’s enclosed world, we were doomed. On
and on we went—our eyes still upon the vast roof over-
head in search of that opening in it, when suddenly Mar-
lin cried hoarsely in my ear, and pointed ahead. And
there from ahead were rushing toward us other scores
of cylinders, other swarms of racing cylinders answer-
ing the spreading alarm, while still others were shooting
up from below toward us! From behind, from ahead,
from beneath, the cylinders’ swarms were converging
upon us in that moment, and as instinctively I slowed our
cylinder’s mad rush I looked upward, toward the great
roof-

  “The opening-section!” I cried suddenly. “But it’s
closed against us!”

  For there above, indeed, was that great circle in the
vast transparent roof that we knew could be slid aside
and opened by its Neptunian guards in the bright-lit lit-
tle cage-room suspended beside it. My one hope had
been that in our stolen cylinder we might deceive those
guards of the great orifice into opening it for us to pass.

But that hope was gone. Behind and below and before
us were the pursuing swarms of cylinders and the Nep-
tunians in the cage-room above knew that something was
wrong, and had not opened the great circle for us. There
were other similar circles, similar opening-sections, in
Triton’s roof, but it was too late now to seek them be-
cause from all about us the swarming, racing cylinders
were rushing upon us. In another moment their rays
would shatter us! I heard Marlin, beside me, utter a low
exclamation of utter hopelessness as those cylinders
rushed upon us, held our own cylinder for the moment
motionless there in mid-air beneath the great roof’s open-
ing-section, and then suddenly reached toward the con-
trol-studs, even as Marlin’s hoarse cry was sounding
beside me.

  “The end, Hunt!” he was crying. “The cylinders are
almost upon us—and the opening-section is closed!”

  “The end maybe—but not this way!” I shouted fiercely,
at the same moment sending the cylinder flashing straight
upward with all its speed. “Hold to your chair, Marlin
—we're going to smash through that opening-section of
the roof!”

  Even as I cried out thus, our cylinder was rising up-
ward toward the roof with all the power of its throbbing
generators, hurtling upward at speed unthinkable toward
the great circle of the opening-section! I was aware in
that moment of the crowding swarms of cylinders about
and beneath us loosing toward us a storm of crossing
force-rays that we drove clear of in that instant. I was
aware of the Neptunians in the cage-room beside the
great opening-section rushing wildly abefut as we shot
upward like the cylindrical projectile of some gji&nt can-
non! The next instant I caught the gleam of the trans-
parent roof, of the opening-section just above us, Marlin
and I instinctively crouched lower in our seats, and a mo-
ment later there was a blinding, stunning shock that
seemed to split the universe with its detonation. We were
dragged up from our seats with awful force. And then
as we straightened up and looked out, we saw that
the cylinder had smashed through the great opening-sec-
tion and was throbbing above Triton’s mighty roof!

  The cylinder’s ceiling, above us, was crumpled and
bent badly, but in that moment it seemed a miracle that
wc had lived through that terrible collision. It was only
our awful speed that had saved us, driving us through the
opening-section’s thick metal even as a cyclone will drive
fragile straws and twigs unbroken through a board. Now
as we looked downward we saw that the swarming pur-
suing cylinders were massed beneath the crumpled open-
ing-section and that that circle of the opening-section was
slowly sliding aside, bent and crumpled as it was, to al-
low those cylinders to emerge through Triton’s roof after
us! And up they came, a full hundred of them, racing
up after us at utmost speed, up from the great metal roof
of Triton, dark and opaque to our eyes from above, and
up through its atmosphere close on our track!

THROUGH the rushing roar of air about us, the
throbbing of our generators, I was aware of Marlin
shouting something beside me. I was gazing ahead for
the moment, as that wild flight and pursuit passed on
through Triton's atmosphere. Giant Neptune’s cloudy
green sphere bulked gigantic in the heavens before us,
and far beyond it was the little fire-disk of the sun. Then
I turned back to see the hundred pursuing cylinders, get-
ting ever closer behind us. As I started at the sight, I
became aware of Marlin shouting beside me, and at the
352

AMAZING

STORIES

same moment realized the import of his words. I realized
that the throbbing of our generators was halting, hesi-
tating, failing! Our great crash out through the roof had
broken some part of their mechanism and now they were
failing rapidly, and the speed of our cylinder was slow-
ing!

  And behind us the scores of onrushing cylinders were
closer—eloser! Already toward us again from them were
leaping the slender pale force-rays, missing us at that
distance but sweeping close about us. With an utter
tenseness of body and spirit, Marlin and I watched them
drawing closer, as our cylinder shot on through Triton’s
atmosphere. Suddenly another storm of rays had shot
and swept toward us from behind, and one of those wild-
whirling rays, in a single instant, clove through the cylin-
der’s uppermost sides like a sword of fire through card-
board, slicing away completely the already-crumpled roof
above us and the upper half-dozen feet of the walls! In-
stantly a flood of icy-cold air rushed in upon us and
seemed in that moment to freeze us through. At the
same moment the throbbing generators ceased completely
to operate, the cylinder slowing swiftly 011 its rush for-
ward, drifting helplessly there in the outer reaches of
Triton’s atmosphere, while from behind, like leaping
creatures of prey, the scores of cylinders rushed upon us!

  Neither Marlin nor I voiced a cry in that moment. We
could only stare as if we were automatons, toward the
onrushing cylinders, the oncoming doom. We had run
our course at last. It seemed in that moment that all our
bitter battle for freedom, our toilsome escape from our
cell, our flight through Triton’s sleeping side, our steal-
ing of the cylinder and wild crash upward through the
great roof's opening-section—that all this futile flight of
ours was reenacting itself with lightning swiftness before
my eyes. The swarming cylinders were almost on us,
holding their rays now as they saw us helpless until they
were closer, their great mass whirling straight toward
us. And then, as I gripped the control-standard before
me. expectant in that instant of the end, I saw that on-
rushing mass of cylinders suddenly shattered as though
by gigantic blows from above. I saw the scores of cylin-
ders driven this way and that in a single instant with
colossal force, even as they rushed to annihilate us! And
I looked dazedly up, was looking up-

  “The space-flier!” Marlin’s insane cry was sounding
there beside me. “It's the space-flier■—and Whitely and
Randall!”

  The space-flier! There high above us and above the
pursuing cylinders it hung, a gleaming faceted ball, at
sight of which I could only gaze stupefied. I saw in that
moment that down from its lowest ray-opening there was
radiating toward the cylinders that had been hurtling in
a mass toward us, a pale, almost invisible great force-
ray and that it was that ray's giant pressure that had
shattered the mass of our pursuers, and in an instant
had driven their massed cylinders to all sides! Then,
as they broke thus in wild confusion before that swift
great force-ray from above, the space-flier was flashing
down toward our roofless, drifting cylinder, was hovering
just beside us, touching that cylinder, with the round
outer door in its facet within our reach! In an instant
Marlin and I had clambered to the drifting cylinder's
edge, had whirled open that outer door of the space-flier.
When we threw ourselves into the little vestibule-cham-
ber or air-lock, shut the outer door, and turned toward
Ihe inner one, that inner one was opened and Whitely—
Whitely!—was pulling us inside!

  “Whitely—Randall—” we were babbling in our excite-
ment, “we thought you dead—saw fragments of the
space-flier and thought it destroyed-!”

  “No time now to tell you, Marlin—Hunt—” Whitely
was hurriedly saying. “Those cylinders are forming
again. They’re coming up toward us! Head out from
Triton. Randall—full speed!”

  But even as he had spoken, Randall, in the control-
chair, had flashed his hands over the six control-switches,
and as Marlin and I clambered with Whitely into the
other three chairs, we felt ourselves pressed down with
terrific force against them as the space-flier shot out
from Triton with colossal speed! But at the same mo-
ment the cylinders that had formed again into their close-
grouped mass, had leaped forward with us and the next
moment saw space-flier and cylinders alike whirling out
from the atmosphere of Triton into the empty void of
space! I glanced back, saw that the cylinders were close
behind our hurtling space-flier, flashing after it somewhat
beneath it, so as to clear its great force-ray shooting back
toward Triton and flinging it outward. And as I glanced
back, I saw Triton’s dull-gleaming sphere, with the pale
giant force-ray that stabbed from its side toward the
sun, growing each instant smaller! But dead ahead of
us, though somewhat beneath our level, there loomed the
colossal green sphere of Neptune, growing in size as we
rushed on at immense speed from its moon!

  On we went, and as Randall’s hands flashed over the
control-switches. Marlin and Whitely and I staring tense-
ly forth with him, we were aware that from the mass of
onracing cylinders behind slender force-rays were again
questing toward us, though the range was too great for
them to loose them accurately at this terrific speed. At
any moment, though, one of those concentrated, pencil-
like rays might cleave through our space-flier in a lucky
hit, and unless we escaped from these relentless pur-
suers, the space-flier and ourselves were certain of de-
struction. This 1 saw, and saw too that Neptune’s colos-
sal cloudy sphere lay close before us, so awful was the
speed of our flight and pursuit, and as it loomed gigantic
before us, filling the heavens, it was apparent that we
would pass close above its surface. Suddenly I turned
to Randall, shouted in his ear above the thundering throb-
bing drone of our generators.

  “Neptune!” I cried. “There’s a chance to smash these
pursuing cylinders there!”

  “But how—?” he began. Shouting in his ear, I ex-
plained to him the desperate inspiration that had come
to me. I saw his eyes and those of Marlin and White-
ly widen as they heard, and then he nodded grimly,
clutched the control-switches tighter.

  And now about us was sounding again the roar of air
as we shot through Neptune’s atmosphere, shot above
the surface of the huge planet with the cylinders rush-
ing still at equal speed behind us, their deadly rays stab-
bing this way and that in slicing sweeps toward us.
Through the cloudy mists of Neptune’s upper atmos-
phere we flashed, straight onward, with the dark metal
surface of the giant world’s vast roof clear now to our
eyes far beneath. And as we shot over it I saw Randall's
grip tighten 011 the control-switches, saw him glance back
toward the pursuing cylinders, behind and a little beneath
us, and then abruptly he had flung open the switch of the
great force-ray that was driving us on, our rear-ray!
Instantly the speed of the space-flier slowed, and in a
split-second the onrushing cylinders, racing on unslow-
ing in that moment, were hurtling past beneath us. And
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

353

as they did so, another switch had clicked under Randall's
hands and straight down upon those cylinders from the
space-flier’s bottom was driving down another mighty
force-ray!

  In the next instant we had a glimpse of those massed
cylinders that had been rushing thus beneath us driven
down by the power of our great force-ray with incon-
ceivable speed and force, driven down in a whirling, con-
fused mass toward the vast metal roof of great Neptune
below! And as our great ray, traveling across their
mass, drove them thus downward with colossal power,
we saw a moment later the cylinders of that mass crash-
ing downward against that roof, shattering into crumpled,
wrecked masses of metal upon the mighty structure, an-
nihilated with all inside them on that roof as our great
ray drove them down against it! Half at least of that
mass of cylinders perished thus in the first crash down-
ward and before the rest could gather again to whirl up
to the attack, our great ray was playing upon them also,
crashing them down upon the great roof of death, until in
only a moment more but a half-dozen of the cylinders re-
mained intact! And these, as their fellows crashed to
death beneath us, were gathering and speeding away from
this death that smote from above, were going back toward
the dull-gleaming disk of Triton!

  Marlin and Whitely and Randall and I were all cry-
ing out in that moment as the surviving cylinders flashed
away in flight, and then Marlin and I had turned toward
our two friends. “Whitely—Randall—!” Marlin was
saying. “You escaped those Neptunians that first dis-
covered us, then? We saw the fragments of wreckage
your pursuers brought back, and Hunt and I never
dreamed you might still live!”

  “It was a trick that enabled us to escape,” Whitely
explained. “When they discovered us there beneath
Neptune’s roof—chased us up through that roof and up
into the great cloud-belts, I saw that we could not long
escape those pursuing cylinders. So, while Randall drove
the flier through the mists and while they searched in
those mists for us, I battered and broke with blows of a
large tool some of the spare plates and instruments we
carried. Then, as they came closer to us, their force-rays
slicing through the mists in search of us, I cast those
fragments loose from the flier, and when they struck
against the pursuing cylinders in the mists, when those
cylinders saw the wrecked fragments, they had no doubt
but that their force-rays had struck us somewhere in the
cloud-layer and annihilated us. We lay in the shroud-
ing mists until we saw them returning toward Neptune’s
surfacc. We realized then that you two had been cap-
tured by whatever manner of creatures these Neptunians
were, and saw the cylinders, with you in one of them,
going down beneath Triton’s roof. For days, therefore,
Randall and I waited around Triton’s surface, hoping
against hope to get down inside in some way and find
you, and had almost given up hope, when we saw the
cylinder you had stolen racing up from Triton, and were
able to save it and you from the pursuing cylinders.”

  “But you, Marlin—Hunt—” Whitely continued. “You
have learned how and why these Neptunians are sending
forth the great ray that is turning the sun faster? We
saw that ray and another great ray on opposite sides
of Triton—Is it not possible that we alone might be
able to halt that ray?”

  Marlin solemnly shook his head. “No chance, White-
ly, for us,” he said. “Perhaps no chance even for all the
forces of earth!” And quickly he told, while Whitely

and Randall listened enthralled, of the captivity of us two
in Triton's strange and swarming world; of the gigantic
tale of Neptune’s past and the purpose of its peoples, as
it had been told us by the great globe of the Council of
Thirty; of our desperate escape and flight across the dark
side of Triton and our wild crashing upward through the
roof and out from Triton. “Wre alone,” Marlin con-
cluded, “can never halt cither of those great rays, for
each has countless cylinders and Neptunians within to
guard it, and each has twenty control-boxes of which one
alone can keep it operating. No, our one chance is to
get back to earth, to gather there the great fleet of space-
fliers which the World-President and the World Con-
gress planned to build in our absence, and to come out in
that great fleet with the most powerful weapons avail-
able and endeavor to crush these strange Neptunians, to
halt that great ray of doom that is turning the sun ever
faster! For unless we can do that, unless we can bring
earth’s fleet of space-fliers out here and halt the great
sun-ray, that ray will in sixty days more have finished its
work, will have split the sun and loosed doom upon all
its planets except Neptune! And so it is back to earth
that we must race now at our utmost speed!”

   Marlin’s solemn voice ceased, and there was silence for
a moment in the space-flier, we four gazing toward each
other without speaking. By then the flier, with the tre-
mendous impetus of its flight still driving it forward,
had swept on and out over great Neptune now, out of the
giant world's cloudy atmosphere and into empty space
beyond it. And, with Neptune’s giant globe filling the
firmament behind us, Randall snapped on again our rear
force-ray, sent that ray radiating back toward the vast
disk of Neptune itself. And then again we were forced
deep in our chairs as the flier’s tremendous speed acceler-
ated once more, the flier hurtling with greater and greater
velocity through the gulf of space toward the far little
disk of fire that was the sun, far ahead. For it was
toward it, toward our earth, that we were going from
Neptune, from the solar system's edge, to carry back word
to earth of the nature of the doom that hung above it
and to gather earth’s forces to forestall that doom!

CHAPTER XIII

The Gathering of Earth’s Forces

STARING ahead into space from the control-chair of
our racing flier, I heard Whitely’s voice from be-
side me. “Seventeen days,” he was saying.
“And in two more days we ought to reach earth.”

  I nodded abstractedly, gazing ahead. “Two days at
the most,” T said. “We’re inside Jupiter’s orbit now, and
once through the astcroidal belt, there'll be nothing to
delay us.”

  For as Whitely and I gazed outward, Marlin and
Randall sleeping now in two of the space-flier’s bunks,
we could sec that we were approaching, indeed, that belt
of whirling asteroids that marked the division between
the four inner and the four great outer planets of the
solar system. To the left, dropping behind us, gleamed
the gigantic cloud-belted sphere of Jupiter with its stately
train of attendant moons, as great a mystery to us as
when we first had passed it. A side force-ray was hold-
ing the flier out still from the mighty planet’s attraction,
while ahead and to the right from us now gleamed crim-
son Mars. Yet it was not these that held the eyes of
Whitely and myself, nor even the increasing fiery circle
354

AMAZING STORIES

of the sun before us, but the bluish-white little spot of
light that was expanding slowly in size and brilliance as
we shot on toward it, the little spot of bluish light that
was our planet, earth.

  For days we had gazed toward that little light-spot as
our space-flier went on and on through the solar system's
vast reaches toward it. For seventeen days, now, even
as Whitely had said, we had been racing inward from
Neptune at utmost speed on our desperate journey back
to our own world. The space-flier’s great rear force-ray,
pushing back against giant Neptune, had hurled the flier
in through the outer reaches of our universe with an ac-
celeration of velocity that was so great as to prove almost
our undoing. For more than once that terrific pressure
of that acceleration on us, despite our shock-absorbing
apparatus, had so affected our bodies as to overcome us
with successive fits of nausea and unconsciousness. And
once, just after we had swept in past great Saturn and
its mighty rings, fearful of those great rings after our
former misadventure with them, I had awakened from
my sleep-period to find Randall and Marlin, in the con-
trol-chairs, quite unconscious from the flier’s terrific
acceleration, the flier itself speeding onward without any
guiding hand on its controls.

  Yet despite this we had grimly driven the flier to the
utmost acceleration possible, its speed steadily mounting
toward the maximum in those succeeding days that we
flashed inward from Neptune. For behind us Neptune’s
calm, green little disk of light, though diminishing stead-
ily in size as we receded from it, seemed like a baleful
signal of doom shining there behind us. For out from
Neptune, or rather out from its moon, Triton, the giant
force-ray of the Neptunians, was still radiating toward
the sun, thus shadowing all the solar system with the
cataclysmic doom to come. For, as we flashed inward,
Marlin, had used his astronomical instruments to deter-
mine the fact that the sun’s rotatory period had now de-
creased to a little over eight days, and was decreasing
still by the same amount of four hours each day, its spin
accelerated each day by the same amount as the colossal
force-ray from Triton kept upon its side its unrelenting
pressure. And within half a hundred days more, as we
knew, that rotatory period of the sun would have de-
creased until its huge mass would be spinning once in
every hour, would be spinning then so fast that it must
inevitably be riven asunder into a new double star by its
own centrifugal force, engulfing all its planets save
Neptune alone!

  So it was that we spared not ourselves but drove the
space-flier in through the solar system toward earth with
a speed unthinkable, almost, using an acceleration that
was all but death for us. For the one hope of preventing
that colossal sun-cataclysm, as Marlin had said and as
we all knew, was to reach earth soon and then at once
fly back out from earth toward Neptune again with the
great space-flier fleet, which, if the World-President and
the World Congress bad not failed us, would be waiting
oar earth for us. With that fleet we must sally back across
the solar system once more to its outer edge, to great
Neptune, and must fall upon Triton and the giant force-
ray that was shooting from Triton to the sun, with all
our power. If we could vanquish the Neptunians long
enough to destroy the giant sun-ray’s mechanism, to halt
that ray, we would have halted the acceleration of the
sun’s spin, would have saved the sun and its planets from
the cataclysmic doom that now threatened them. But if
we could not, if the Neptunians with their countless cylin-

ders and great weapons were too strong for us, then we
could but perish there in struggling with them, since in
that case nothing could halt the doom that they were
loosing from Triton upon the sun and the solar system.

  And as Whitely and I gazed out through the flashing
flier's windows, we knew that scant enough was the time
left for us in which to do these things. Fven if we were
safe on earth in the next two days, as we hoped, there
would remain but little more than forty days before the
coming of the dread cataclysm that threatened, and it
would require half that time for the space-fliers of earth
to make their way back out across the solar system to
Neptune. So that now there lay over my mind that
deepening shadow of impending colossal disaster that had
hovered over all our minds during the strange days of
our racing inward through the solar system, making me
gaze somberly enough toward the bluish light-spot in
the darkness of space far ahead that was our goal now.
To the left, though, Jupiter’s great globe had dropped far
behind now, and as I saw that I cut out our side-ray, and
turned toward Whitely.

  “We’re at the edge of the asteroidal belt now,” I told
him, “but I’m not going to slow our speed. W’ell just
flash on through it and take our chance.”

  He nodded gravely. “I’ll wake Marlin and Randall
now to help me keep watch,” he said.

  A moment later, having done so, Marlin and Randall
freed themselves of the straps of the bunks and climbed
across the flier to take their places beside Whitely in
watching .for the great menacing asteroids. And as we
passed on through the belt of those whirling perils,
Marlin and Whitely and Randall watched for hour on
hour there beside me, though so vast was the maximum
speed at which our flier was going now, more than eight
million miles an hour, that before they could more than
get a flashing glimpse of a nearby asteroid we would
have passed it. We were relying almost wholly on blind
chance to take us through the asteroidal belt at that
lightning speed, yet so desperate was this grim race back
to earth from the solar system’s edge, that we preferred
to trust thus to chance, rather than to slow our speed or
to delay by an hour our arrival on earth. And chance,
for the time, favored us, for some hours later we had
won through the perils of the asteroidal belt without more
than a few split-second glimpses of the great whirling
spheres of peril. And then, as we shot across the orbit
of Mars with the planet’s dull red shield still farther
to the right, I began to slow our terrific speed, for by
this time the earth was expanding rapidly before us.

  And now, too, the sun was flaming before us, in all the
halo-like glory of its great corona, with a brilliance blind-
ing to our eyes after the dim shades of Neptune and its
moon. Yet even with that brilliance dazzling us we could
make out plainer and plainer the sphere of earth, seeming
to our eyes a thin silver-blue crescent as it spun there
between our inrushing flier and the sun, its tiny moon-
spot growing brighter too. Marlin and Whitely and
Randall watching tensely beside me, I cut out altogether
the great force-ray at the flier’s rear, which, even when
our speed had reached its maximum, drove us straight
onward and lcept that speed unvarying against the gravi-
tational influences from either side which were not large
enough to require an opposing side-ray. Snapping that
rear-ray out, I sent another force-ray from the flier
toward the earth-sphere ahead, and as that ray struck
and pushed us back with immense power, the space-flier’s
colossal speed was gradually decreasing.
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

355

ONCE more we felt terrific upward and forward pres-
sure in our chairs as the flier’s speed steadily
slowed, dropped swiftly from eight million miles an hour
to six and then to five and then to three. And as we shot
in thus toward earth, the millions of miles dropping
slower behind as our flier's great faceted ball clicked
through space at slower and slower speed, I knew the
same question was in the minds of my three friends as
in my own. It was reflected in the tensely anxious eyes
of Marlin and the imperturbable eyes of Whitely and
the unwontedly grave eyes of Randall as the three stared
ahead with me. Would the space-fliers that the World-
President and the World Congress had promised to build
be ready? If not, we knew we certainly could not
venture out to Neptune and put an end to the great
doom-ray that the Neptunians were stabbing toward the
sun. So that it was in a growing suspense of spirit that
we watched earth’s sphere, with its crescent of bluish-
white light at one side, expanding before us.

  At ever slower speed we were rushing in toward it,
and at last, moving at but a few hundred thousand miles
an hour by this time, were driving in out of the void
and past earth’s shining moon, gleaming in space to our
right, its great ranges and strange craters clear to our
eyes from its airless surface. But now all our eyes were
on earth ahead, since now through the drifting cloud-
masses that floated in its atmosphere we could make out
the great bluish globe’s surface features, could see that
western Europe and North Africa lay in the sunlight in
that crescent of light at earth’s side, but that the North
and South Americas lay in the shade of earth’s outer
side, in the darkness of night. It was toward the dark
half-seen outline of North America that I was heading
the flier, for by this time, traveling still more slowly, our
velocity now being less than a thousand miles an hour,
we were entering earth’s atmosphere, the rarefied air
of its outer reaches roaring about the flier as it shot
through it.

  “Straight to New York—to the World Congress,”
Marlin was saying. “There’s not a minute to lose.”

  I nodded silently, at the same time snapping out the
front-ray of the flier that was slowing our speed as we
shot toward earth’s surface, and as its gravitation gripped
the flier we were turning until instead of rushing onward
we were falling to its surface from high above, as it
turned in space before us, falling down toward the sur-
face of the North American continent, whose outline was
visible from our great height through the shifting cloud-
screen. I felt my heart beating rapidly as we shot thus
downward, forgot almost the mighty import of the mis-
sion on which we were returning in the mere fact of our
return; for we were first of all men to venture thus into
the outer void and to return from that void to earth!
And as we shot downward I saw the same thought mir-
rored in the faces of the others, staring down with inc.

  Down—down—with an oblique ray I was making the
space-flier fall slantingly, more and more slowly, toward
the northeastern coast of the continent beneath, whose
broad, brown surface stretched out greater and greater
beneath us. Moments more and as the roar of air
about us intensified, mingling with the throbbing of our
generators, we shot down from the sun’s light into the
darkness of this dark side of earth, this night of earth’s
one side. But now its great surface was changing from
convex to concave beneath us, and now as we shot lower
still Randall pointed downward and northward with a low
cry toward a spark of bright red light, the beam of the

great air-beacon of the trans-Atlantic air-liners, at New
York. Slower—slower—and in moments more the vast
mass of its towering cylindrical buildings, ablaze with
outlining lights, was coming into view, with midmost
among them the greatest of all, the huge mass of the
World Government building.

  As our space-flier dropped slowly toward that mighty .
structure beneath my controlling hands, as it dropped
toward the swarms of bright-lit aircraft that were mov-
ing to and fro over the great city, so familiar was the
scene beneath to us four cosmic voyagers that almost did
our great journey, our mighty flight out through the
sun’s planets through the countless leagues of space to
great Neptune, and our grotesque and dream-like adven-
tures upon Neptune and its moon, seem to us indeed no
more than dreams. But as we shot lower we were
startled from this strange state of mind by one of the
aircraft beneath, showing the customary red and green
position-lights along its hull, driving up through the dark-
ness toward our smoothly falling space-flier. We saw
the three men in the control-room of the craft gazing
amazedly toward the gleaming, faceted metal ball of our
flier as they circled us, and then from their craft .had
burst out a score of brilliant vari-colorcd signal-lights.
And as these blazed out there came a moment later an
answering blaze of lights from each of the swarming
craft below, that shot up now in hundreds toward our
falling flier, crowding crazily about it!

  Down through the darkness we dropped still, those
swarms of aircraft almost jostling us as they seethed
thickly in terrific excitement about us. As we shot
downward over New York’s surface we saw that across
all the vast city, and far across the great air-docks to
the south even, signal-lights were blazing out, a wild
panorama of bursting lights stretching out in all direc-
tions! From beneath, too, there came up to us now a
terrific roar of mingled voices, the vast crowds in the
streets of the huge city sending their cheering cries up
to us in a great thunder-roll of sound as we fell toward
them. And as I held the space-flier to its smooth drop
downward amid the swarming aircraft, I saw that Marlin
and Randall, and even Whitely, were gazing across those
vast, shouting throngs and across the swarms of madly-
darting aircraft that encircled us, with somber, thought-
ful faces.

  Now we were falling a few hundred feet above the
roof of the World Government building, on which a lit-
tle knot of figures awaited us, and as I gazed from it
across the other roofs of the great city I uttered a low
exclamation. “On the roofs—you see ?” I asked. “Those
things of metal—those space-fliers-!”

  But they too were gazing toward the roofs, toward
the innumerable crystal-like metal forms that we could
half-recognize on those roofs in the darkness. But a
glimpse only we had of them lie fore the space-flier was
sinking downward to the great roof itself, and as Marlin
saw the knot of figures on that roof he half-turned. “The
World-President,” he said, quietly, “waiting for us on
the roof.”

  That roof’s flat expanse was just beneath us, covered
itself with other great crystal-like gleaming fliers, but
with a clear space at its center where once had stood our
space-flier’s framework. There was no framework there
now, but smoothly I brought the flier down upon that
space, down to the roof, poised it a moment a foot above
it, and then let it sink to the roof’s surface and opened a
half-dozen of the switches before me, the throbbing of
356

AMAZING STORIES

the generators that had been enduring for so long ceas-
ing and giving way to an unaccustomed silcnce that was
strange to our ears. Then Marlin had turned, was open-
ing the inner door, and in another moment the outer one
had swung open also, a flood of cool, clean air rushing
in upon us. Marlin leading, we stepped out, stood un-
steadily for a moment on the great roof’s surface be-
neath the brilliance of the lights that flared above it.

  From beneath and above came still through the night
the unceasing roar of the great crowds in the huge city’s
streets and the hum of its swarming, seething aircraft,
and then we saw that the little group of men on the
roof beside us were coming toward us, the World-Presi-
dent at their head. His strong, keen eyes were steady
upon us as he came forward, his hands outstretched, and
then he had gripped our own hands, was holding them for
a moment in silence. In that moment we were all four
swaying a little as we stood there, gazing about us at the
far-flung lights of the great city around us, at the men
before 11s, at the strangely-dulled stars overhead, as
though never had we seen them before. When the World-
Fresident spoke, his human-sounding voice seemed
strange even to our ears.

  “Marlin—Randall—Whitely-—Hunt—” he said. “You
have come back then from your mission?”

  “We’ve come back—from Neptune,” Marlin said
simply.

  “The World Congress is already gathered—is waiting
for you,” said the other, as simply, and then with him
and the officials almut him we were walking toward the
stair-opening in the great roof, were walking through
ranks of the great looming faceted things of metal that I
saw now clearly were replicas each of our own poly-
hedron-like space-flier!

  Down through that opening we went, down stairs after
stairs until we were emerging through a high door on
the raised platform at the end of the great room in
which the World Congress awaited us. Brilliant white
light flooded that room and in it, in silent row upon row,
were seated the twelve hundred members of the great
Congress. As we four entered, with the World-President
and his officials, there was turned instantly toward us
every eye, and a tense hush of utter silence settled in
which our own steps seemed loud to our ears. There were
no shouts or cheering cries from the Congress’ members,
in that moment, for all knew that what they were to hear
now from us was the word of hope or hopelessness for
earth, the report of our great mission upon which rested
earth’s single chance for life. And as I stared across the
great, silent Congress in that moment, there flashed upon
the screen of my mind, strangely enough, a picture of that
other silent, solemn council before which Marlin and I
had stood but a few days before, that Council of Thirty
of the strange Neptunians whose great synthesizing
globe-mechanism had spoken to us. Then, as we stood
there, the World-President was stepping forward to ad-
dress the Congress.

  “There is no need for me to tell you who are the
four men standing here before you,” he said. “Marlin—
Whitely—Randall—Hunt—these four who went out to
Neptune on the earth’s behalf, and whom earth has tense-
ly awaited now for weeks. I do not know, any more than
you, what they found there, what chance for earth they
found or failed to find. And it is that that we, the repre-
sentatives of the world’s peoples, now wait to hear from
Marlin, the leader of this great expedition.” Utter
silence held all present.

AND as the World-President stepped hack. Marlin,
unsteady still from our unaccustomedness to earth’s
gravitation, and with face drawn, but eyes steady and
bright, was stepping forward. Facing the great rank on
rank of members of the World Congress he stood, while
we others slipped into the seats behind him, facing them
for a moment in tense silence as he summoned his ener-
gies to speak. In that moment, as my eyes roved across
the great hall, I made out the faces of many there known
to me, the face, just beneath our platform, was that of
my chief at the Intelligence Bureau, Markham, the faces
of many others, strange and yet familiar, all turned now
toward Marlin. And then, in a voice low at first but
gaining in power as he went 011, Marlin was speaking to
them, his words sounding out through the great room in
a hushed, unnatural silence.

  He began by reviewing in a few sentences the colossal
peril that had threatened and was threatening us, the in-
creased spin of the sun beneath Neptune’s mighty ray that
soon must result in its division and the solar system’s
doom. Then, with a reference to that other gathering
of the World Congress at which our venture out to Nep-
tune had been decided upon, he came to the start of that
venture. While they listened in utter tenseness he told
of our start, of our going out from earth first of all men
into the outer void, out past the mysteries of Mars with
greater and greater speed. Our onward flight through the
terrible dangers of the great asteroidal belt and our nar-
row escapes in it, our outward rush past mighty Jupiter
—these he described in his steady voice, and we felt the
tenseness that held all in the great room in dead silence.
He told them of what doom had nearly been ours at
Saturn, of our fall toward its great rings of death and
our narrow escape from them.

  Then, with a little pause, he was going 011, was telling
of our onward flashing flight beyond Saturn out through
the vast outer reaches of the solar system, out past the
orbit of Uranus toward Neptune itself. In utmost sus-
pense they listened as he told of our arrival at last at
Neptune, of our amazement at finding that giant world
shielded with an enclosing roof of metal, and of our
greater amazement at finding that world, the colossal city
that covered it, utterly dead and deserted. Low exclama-
tions of surprise broke from his listeners then as he
narrated how he and I had been surprised in the dead
city of Neptune by the coming of the Neptunians in their
cylinders, their attack upon and pursuit upward of
Whitely and Randall in the spacc-flier, their capture of
ourselves and their taking us from Neptune out to the
moon-world of Triton. And a low wave of uncontrollable
excitement swept across the great room as Marlin told
those in it of the roofed and warmed world of Triton
and the countless millions of Neptunians on it, and above
all of the giant force-ray that was stabbing from Triton’s
sunward side toward the sun and loosing doom upon us!

  And that excitement intensified when he told of what
else we had found at Triton, of the other giant force-ray
stabbing out from its other side toward a distant star of
Sagittarius, of our captivity there and our learning of the
Neptunian tongue, our being brought before the great
Council of thirty of the Neptunian races. I saw the
hundreds before us listening with abated breath as he
told them that gigantic epic of the solar system’s past that
had been told us by the great globe-mechanism of the
Council, that story of the Neptunians’ past history and
of the great doom of increasing cold that had driven
them from Neptune to Triton and that now had caused
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

357

them to seek to split the sun itself to thwart that doom.
How they had sent out toward that star in Sagittarius
another great force-ray years before, to brace Triton
against the back-pressure of the sun-ray and to keep it
from being burled out into the great void, how they had
finally sent out the great force-ray toward the sun also,
turning the sun ever faster toward the doom of all the
other planets, planning to wreck the universe to save their
own race. These things he told them through the hushed
silence that again had replaced their stir and murmur of
excitement.

  But excitement held them again when he told how he
and I, desperate at the doom we saw hanging thus over
earth, had made our wild attempt to escape from Triton,
had dared to cross its surface and had stolen a cylinder,
crashing up through the great roof and out from Triton
in that cylinder with their pursuit close behind us, how
we had been saved from that pursuit by Whitely and
Randall in the space-flier, who, although we had thought
them dead, had managed to elude their own attackcrs by
a ruse and had hovered near Triton in hopes of saving
us; how in the space-flier we had fled back from Triton
over Neptune and had smashed our pursuers, while we
and they were over Neptune; these things, his voice
deep now, he told to the hundreds of his listeners. And
then, swaying a little from sheer utter weariness of body
and spirit, Marlin told them how we, knowing that never
alone could we halt or even reach that giant ray driving
from Triton toward the sun, had headed back for earth
at the utmost speed of which we were capable, had
flashed back like some great messenger-meteor through
the solar system to earth to carry to the peoples of earth
word of what we had found, to gather the forces of earth
and head back to Neptune with them for a last gallant
attempt to halt that mighty ray of doom!

  When Marlin’s voice had ceased, when he had stepped
unsteadily back from the platform’s edge, his words
seemed reverberating still through the hushed silence that
prevailed among the twelve hundred massed members of
the World Congress. Then again the World-Prcs.ident,
his own face as set and strange now as those of the
massed members before him, was stepping forward to
face them.

  “You have heard the report of Dr. Marlin and his
three companions,” he said, quietly, “and you, and I, and
the peoples of earth listening now, know what situation
faces us, what last necessity, even as was foreseen, has
arisen before us. That giant force-ray of which Mar-
lin told you, that colossal ray which these Neptunians arc
stabbing toward the sun’s edge from their far moon-
world of Triton, is turning the sun ever faster, as all of
you know, is decreasing its rotatory period by four hours
each passing day. Within hardly more than forty days
it will have decreased the sun’s rotatory period to that
fatal period of one hour, will have increased its spin to
that critical fatal speed, at which the sun must inevitably
divide into a double sun, a double star, engulfing our
planet, and almost all others, in fiery death in that cosmic
cataclysm. This is known to you and you know, too,
that it is only by halting that giant force-ray from Triton
that we can save our sun, our world, from that tre-
mendous cataclysm.

  “This much we have known, indeed, and now with what
knowledge these four men have brought back from their
unparalleled venture out through the gulf of space to the
solar system’s edge, to Neptune itself, you know also
what lies before us. We have, indeed, built during the

absence of Marlin and his three friends that great fleet of
space-fliers, which we had decided to build. Using the
plans of their original space-flier and applying all our
efforts toward achieving a quantity production of space-
fliers on those plans, we have been able, as you know,
to construct in their absence no less than five thousand
space-fliers exactly like their own, space-fliers that rest
now upon the roofs of New York’s great buildings around
us, complete now with trained crews and ready to start!
The gathering of earth’s forces has thus already taken
place!

  “And upon this great fleet of space-fliers rests now the
fate of the solar system! For that fleet must go out
through the solar system now to Neptune and halt the
giant ray radiating from Triton’s sunward side toward
the sun, if the solar system is to live. What perils, what
opposition that fleet will meet. Marlin has made clear
to you. These Neptunians, most ancient and mighty of
the solar system’s peoples, arc of colossal powers, such
powers that they are scrupling not at splitting the sun
itself! They have thousands of their great space-cylin-
ders that can whirl through space as swiftly and as well
as our own space-fliers. They have as weapons their
concentrated force-rays, which we must provide for the
fliers of our own fleet before it leaves. They have an
ancient science and might that can produce we know
not what weapons against us, and they know that our
four first venturers escaped back to earth, and will be ex-
pecting now an attack from us, will resist that attack
with all their powers, undoubtedly, since they are fighting
for the existence of their races, their world, even as we
are fighting for ours!

  “Thus this great fleet of five thousand space-fliers of
ours goes out to battle, to battle between the races of
Neptune and Earth that must decide the fate of the solar
system for all time. There can be but one fit to lead
this fleet out to such battle, and that is Marlin himself,
who was the first to discover this peril that hangs over
us, who was one of the first to suggest a means of strug-
gling against that peril, and who has led this first daring
venture out through a thousand perils to Neptune, and
back again to eardi with the knowledge without which we
could not act. So that it is he, with these three compan-
ions of his, Whitely and Hunt and Randall, who dared
all with him and who have done for earth what he has
done, as his three lieutenants, who must command this
great expedition of ours which wc are sending out to
halt the oncoming doom, these gathered forces of all the
earth!

  “For it is this great fleet of space-fliers, with Marlin
at its head, which alone can halt that doom now! If
that fleet can win safely out through the perils of the in-
terplanetary void to Neptune, can win to Triton’s sun-
ward side against the opposition of the Neptunians and
can destroy the controls and generators of their great
siui-ray, can halt that ray, the sun’s spin will ccase to
accelerate and our planet and the other planets will have
been saved. Rut if our fleet cannot do this, if the Nep-
tunians prevent it from reaching the great sun-ray’s
source, and from halting that ray, then the sun will spin
on ever faster and within two-score more days will split
at last and engulf in the diverging fires of its two new
suns, all the planets save Neptune. For it is this great
space-fleet of ours, heading out now toward the last
great battle of Earth’s and Neptune’s races, which alone
now can prevent the accelerating speed of the sun and
the consequent wrecking of our universe!”
358

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XIV

An Ambush in Space

ARS ahead and to the left—once more!”

  As I uttered the words Marlin and Randall
and Whitely, beside me, were gazing to the left
with me. “Strange,” said Randall, “it all seems, almost,
as when we first went out past Mars."

  Strangely similar, indeed, did it seem to all of us, the
panorama that now again stretched all about us, visible
through the racing space-flier’s windows, as we sat in the
four control-chairs before them. For ahead and away to
the left gleamed again the dull-red disk of Mars, farther
now from us than on our first trip out but seeming al-
most the same. Ahead too, and close to the right, shone
mighty Jupiter, and beyond it on the left the yellow spot
of Saturn once more, with tar beyond it and straight
ahead again the green little spark of light that was Nep-
tune. Behind, too, the bluish light-spot of earth and the
lessened fire-disk of the sun were as before, and as be-
fore the blazing stars that jeweled all the deep-black
firmament about us. But behind our flier we could barely
see innumerable tiny gleaming points moving forward at
the same speed as ourselves through the void, keeping
pace with us in regular formation, a great V-formation
of which our flier was the point and that moved steadily
on through space. For those tiny points, extending back
and out of sight in the void behind us, were the space-
fliers of that great fleet of five thousand space-fliers which
our own, the flagship, was leading out through the solar
system to Neptune!

  For two days, now, we had been flashing with that
great fleet behind us from earth, out toward the solar
system’s edge on our mighty expedition, and five days
had passed since we had stood before the World Con-
gress with Marlin rendering to it our report. In those
intervening three days on earth we had been the center
of such a whirl of hectic activity as the world had never
known before—the whirl of preparations for the start of
the colossal fleet. For in those three short days Marlin
with the energies of a world at his bidding, had strained
every nerve to complete the last preparations of the great
armada of space-fliers which he, with us three as his lieu-
tenants, was to lead out on its unprecedented flight to
Neptune.

  The most necessary preparation was the equipping of
the five thousand space-fliers with the concentrated force-
ray weapons used by the Neptunians in their space-
cylinders, those concentrated rays which, instead of push-
ing against what they struck, tore through it with driving
power. Fortunately, the production of these concentrated
rays required only the addition of special smaller ray-
openings beside the regular ray-openings in the sides of
the space-fliers, but even so it strained the capacities of
the world’s workers to install in each of the space-fliers
those smaller openings in the short time available.

  Each of the five thousand space-fliers held a crew of
eight, their operators having been trained during our ab-
sence as fast as the fliers themselves had been built. We
four in our own space-flier, the flagship of the great fleet,
had fotir additional crew-members now, four mechanic-
operators who worked in shifts and tended ceaselessly the
operation of the flier’s various mechanisms, the great
generators, and the other mechanical equipment, thus
leaving Marlin and Randall and Whitely and myself free
to devote all our attention to the command of the great

fleet itself, though one of us retained the controls of the
flier itself. Another preparation that had been made
during our absence had been to equip each flier with
space-walkers for its crew, and to equip each with effi-
cient radiophone apparatus. This, while the Heaviside
layer around earth would prevent it functioning from
earth to space or from space to earth, would allow free
communication from space-flier to space-flier while in
space itself, and thus would allow Marlin and us to con-
trol with spoken orders all the great fleet we led.

  Thus the last preparations had been completed and
three days after our arrival at earth the great fleet of
space-fliers had taken its departure, the five thousand
faceted polyhedron-like fliers rising as one from the flat
roofs of New York’s countless gigantic buildings. Once
more we had started at night, and it seemed that all of
the peoples of earth had assembled in and around New
York that night to speed us farewell. The vast crowds
that had watched our single space-flier start out on its
first trip weeks before, were as nothing to those vaster
crowds that had watched the great fleet leave, since all
on earth knew no%v what word we had brought back from
Neptune and knew that in two score more days, unless
this fleet was successful in its tremendous task, unless it
could win through the Neptunian opposition and halt the
giant sun-ray, that all on earth would perish in flaming
death.

  Thus surely there could have been no tenser moment
in earth’s history than that, when, with the World-Presi-
dent and the massed members of the World Congress
watching again around us, our flagship had risen from
the roof of the great World Government building into
the night, flashing up and outward once more toward
Sagittarius, toward unseen Neptune. And behind us al-
most instantly there had flashed up in regular timing and
formation our five thousand following fliers, racing out
and after us with colossal speed like ourselves and flying
in that hollow triangle or V-formation behind us. That
formation had been adopted so that the rays of the fliers
of the fleet, driven back toward earth to push them on,
would not strike against other fliers behind them, as
would have been the case had our fleet moved out in
a compact mass. And now for forty-eight hours our
five thousand space-fliers had been hurtling outward, with
our own flagship still at the apex of their formation.

  And as we four sat now again in the four control-
chairs, two of our mechanic-operators watching over the
generators behind us and the other two asleep in their
bunks, we had a somewhat different array of controls
before us. Before myself were the controls of the flier
itself, unchanged, with the six switches that directed its
propulsion force-rays from the six openings. Marlin,
though, to my right, had before him now as well as his
array of astronomical instruments, the black mouthpiece
and speaker of the radiophone, as well as a compact array
of switch-studs by which he could speak to and hear from
the various squadron-leaders in the great fleet behind us.
For convenience in giving orders, the five thousand fliers
of the fleet had been divided into fifty squadrons of a
hundred space-fliers each, and it was to the designated
leader of each squadron that Marlin gave his orders,
which were then transmitted by that leader to the hun-
dred fliers of his squadron.

  Before Randall, too, to my left, were new controls, the
controls of the concentrated force-rays which were to be
our fleet’s weapons even as such rays were the Neptun-
ians’ also, and with which our flagship had of course been
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

359

equipped. Those controls were two thick metal levers of
no great size, with hand-grips at their end, one of which
controlled by its position the side of the flier from which
the concentrated cleaving ray was shot forth, the other
controlling the slant or exact direction at which that ray
was emitted. With Randall handling these, our weapons,
Whitely had before him all the space-flier’s remaining
controls—those of the generators, air replenishers, the
various recording dials that were vital to its operation,
and other essential things. So that as our throbbing flier
drove on now at the great fleet’s head, with Marlin and
Randall and Whitely and myself gazing to the left toward,
the nearing crimson shield of Mars, we had each before
us some vital part of our great fleet’s or our flier’s control.

  Gazing toward Mars’ red disk, Marlin broke the si-
lence. “We’ll need no side-rays this time to hold us out
from it,” he said, and T nodded.

  “No, it’s far enough from us now, and the speed of
our fliers will take them safely past—is taking them past
now. But it’s the asteroids ahead that I've been think-
ing of.”

  Marlin somberly shook his head. “There’s no help
for it, Hunt,” he said. “We’ll have to lead the fleet
straight through the asteroidal belt and trust to chance
that as few of our fliers as possible will be struck.”

  The following hours, therefore, were perhaps the most
tense and terrible that ever we had experienced. For as
we shot on past Mars and through the great belt of whirl-
ing asteriods, it was not possible for the five thousand
space-fliers of our fleet to maneuver to avoid those aster-
oids. We must hold straight on in our regular forma-
tion, we knew, lest all our fliers crash one into the other,
so in that formation we went steadily on through that
great zone of death. And hardly had we entered it,
Marlin and Randall and Whitely gazing forth as in-
tensely as myself, than an expanding dark globe loomed
suddenly before us, sweeping past us with terrifying
closeness, and then as it shot past there came suddenly
in the blackness of space behind us a soundless flash of
fiery light, that flared for a moment and faded. The
asteroid, we knew, had struck a flier close behind us!

   From ahead and from cither side still, as we sped on,
other asteroids were rushing, following their complicated
orbits as our great fleet’s open triangle of space-fliers
moved through them, and now again and again still be-
hind us came other fiery flashes in quick succession,
flashes of flame which each marked the instant destruc-
tion of a space-flier and all its occupants! Yet there
came no word, no protest, from any of the space-fliers
behind us, all were going steadily forward at unaltered
speed and in unaltered formation through the great belt
of whirling death. And though, within a few hours
more than a score of our space-fliers had been annihi-
lated in white-hot and soundless flashes of fire as they
were struck by the hurtling asteroids, the rest had escaped
unscathed, and Marlin was giving to them the cheering
knowledge that we had won through the asteroidal belt
and were out of its whirling death.

  Thus again Jupiter loomed ahead and to our right,
though closer now and greater in apparent size, and again
we four were staring toward it in almost as great a
wonder as formerly, as its mighty cloud-wrapped disk
and attendant four big moons loomed closer. By this
time, Marlin had transmitted to all the fliers behind us
a brief order, and already from each of them and from
our own a side force-ray was shooting toward the gigantic
planet to hold us out from its terrific attraction. The

V-formation in which our five thousand space-fliers flew
was so slightly tilted sidewise as to allow the use of side-
rays by all our fliers, and a side-ray of immense power
it required indeed to hold each of us out from the mighty
monarch of the solar system’s planets as we sped past its
huge and enigmatic sphere.

BUT still on and on through the void our mighty
armada of space-fliers was racing, on toward the
green spark of Neptune that slowly waxed brighter far
ahead of us. That little green spot of light held our eyes,
even to the exclusion of Saturn’s yellow disk, expanding
again to the left before us as we shot toward it also, for
all our minds were centered upon Neptune and what
mighty task it was that awaited us at that great world and
its moon, what mighty struggle would be ours. So that
it was not until Saturn’s disk had expanded almost to
moon-size before us, surrounded by the great rings and
by its whirling moons, that we gave that planet any atten-
tion. By this time, for more than seven days our huge
fleet had been speeding out through the boundless void,
out through the solar system, and so it was as a certain
landmark to us that Saturn appeared as we neared it, the
last planet between us and our goal of Neptune. With
our great fleet close behind, as we drew abreast of the
huge planet’s mighty sphere and colossal rings, it was
intently enough that we four, gathered again in the con-
trol-chairs of our flier, and gazed toward it.

  “The most dangerous planet in the solar system—
Saturn,” said Marlin, as we looked toward the huge
world from which our side-rays now were holding us.
“It was death almost for us before when we ventured
loo close in passing it.”

  “Well, we’re safe enough from it this time,”
Whitely commented, "for since then it’s moved farther to
the left—is farther away from us with no danger to us
now of chance meteors from its rings.”

  “Yes, we’re safe enough from it now,” Marlin admit-
ted, “yet at the same time ”

  Before Marlin could finish the words they were inter-
rupted by a thing that chills my blood to remember even
now. One moment he was speaking beside us, our space-
flier flashing steadily 011 at its tremendous s]>eed at the
head of its great triangle-fleet, past huge Saturn to the
left. The next moment there was a terrific whirling
around us of our space-flicr’s walls, it spun for an in-
stant with tremendous speed in space, and at the same
moment then was being driven with colossal speed in a
direction at right angles to that in which we had been
moving, was being shot through the void toward the
mighty sphere and rings and moons of huge Saturn! And
even as in that awful moment it drove with sickening
speed, with an acceleration terrible, toward Saturn, all
its forward progress suddenly halted, reeling blindly and
at unthinkable velocity toward the huge planet, I looked
through the windows, and saw whirling about us, the
thousands of space-fliers of our mighty fleet bunched in a
great, irregular mass with us, and hurtling through the
void at the same tremendous speed toward great Saturn
as ourselves!

  “Saturn!” cried Randall hoarsely as we whirled in that
mad moment. “The controls, Hunt!—we’re being shot in
toward it!”

  “The controls don’t answer!” I shouted, my hands
frantically flashing over them. “Something’s driving us
into Saturn—our rays can't hold us out-”

  “The Neptunians! There behind us—those great cyl-
360

AMAZING STORIES

An ambush in space! They ivere being pushed
into Saturn.

 inders—they’re pushing all our fleet into Saturn to
 death!"

   As Whitely voiced that last mad cry we glanced back-
 througli the windows of the flier even as they whirled
 about us. even as our flier and all the thousands of space-
 fliers of our great fleet whirled madly in toward huge
 Saturn looming ahead, and we saw that even as he had
 cried out, there, behind us, hanging motionless in space
 and only visible to us for a moment, bung a great mass
 of cylinder-fliers! Half our owii great fleet in number
 they seemed, those massed Neptunian cylinders, and mid-
 most among them were a score of greater cylinders of im-
 mense size, far larger than any of the others, that were
 grouped closely together and from openings in which there
 was coming toward us a pale force-ray of immense size,
 visible only as it issued from those greater cylinder? 1
 And that ray it was, as was plain even in ‘hat instant,
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

361

that was pushing our fleet with colossal power in toward
its death in great Saturn’s maze of rings and moons!
The Neptunians had come out with those great ray-gen-
erators, those greater cylinders, and with a portion of
their thousands of cylitider-fliers, and had waited for us
in space to the right of Saturn, knowing well that our
own escape meant a great attack upon them, an effort to
halt their great doom-ray! They had awaited us there
and when we had come between them and Saturn, never
suspecting their presence, they had loosed upon us this
forceful ray that was now’ driving us swiftly in to
deadi!

  “An ambush!” I cried. “An ambush in space—the
Neptunians are pushing us in to Saturn—our fleet can’t
live for minutes then!”

  “Try to bring our flier out of it—up out of their ray’s
push, Hunt!” Marlin shouted to me, and for a moment
I worked frenziedly at the controls before me, but the
rays I shot forward to push against Saturn, to hold us
back or push us to either side were powerless against the
■vast pushing ray from behind! Larger and larger great
ringed Saturn loomed ahead as our disorganized fleet
shot on at awful speed toward it, pushed by the vast ray,
and but minutes remained before we would have crashed
to death in all our fliers against the mighty planet and its
whirling rings and moons! The end of our fleet and the
end of earth’s hope, crashed to annihilation by the Nep-
tunian ambush that had been laid for us here in space!

  The thought maddened me, and with a sudden desper-
ate inspiration I ceased to direct our flier’s rays ahead
against Saturn in vain attempt to halt our reeling flash
forward, but instead suddenly shot a ray back against the
mass of Neptunian cylinders no longer visible in space far
behind. As that powerful propelling ray struck their
cylinders’ mass, our reeling flier leaped forward with
even greater speed toward Saturn, and as it shot forward
thus faster than even the huge ray from behind alone
could push it. it was slightly freed from that vast ray’s
pressure, and I could edge it upward a little from that
great ray’s path! Up—up—while Marlin and Whitelv
and Randall watched with white faces beside me, while
our space-fliers and all the fleet’s around and behind us
came on at terrible velocity toward mighty Saturn that
now filled the firmament before us. Up—up—and as I
saw that we were winning gradually up from the great
ray’s path, I shouted to Marlin, heard him with his
radiophone apparatus quickly order all the fleet's fliers
to follow my example in an effort to win up from the
great ray’s pressure. Only the fliers uppermost in that
ray’s path, though, like our own. could hope to get clear
in this way, but as we swept on, gradually our own flier
and perhaps four or five hundred others out of our great
mass of five thousand won thus upward until at last we
burst up out of the vast ray’s path and were out of its
pushing pressure!

  “Rack to the Neptunian cylinders!” Marlin shouted
into the mouthpiece before him. “Unless we can destroy
the greater cylinders whose ray is pushing the rest of our
fleet into Saturn, we’re lost!”

  And back now our flier and the five hundred others that
were clear of the ray like it, were rushing, back away
from Saturn, while the remaining thousands of space-
fliers of our fleet, unable to get clear in that way of the
vast ray’s pressure, were being driven on by it with ter-
rific speed and power toward annihilation against Saturn!
We must destroy the greater cylinders that were sending
forth that ray, we knew, before the mass of our fleet

crashed into Saturn, and so our five hundred space-fliers,
our own flagship at their head, went fast almost as light
through the black gloom of space, back toward the two
thousand or more Neptunian cylinder-fliers that were
massed around those greater cylinders that were our ob-
ject ! Upward and backward we flashed, until in another
moment it seemed that great mass of cylinder-fliers
loomed before and beneath us in space, the score or more
of greater cylinders that were pushing with their huge
ray our fleet to doom. Before ever the Neptunians in
those cylinders could see us we had rushed back high
above them, and then, as Marlin gave a single order
through the mouthpiece before him, our five hundred
faceted space-fliers were diving through space upon that
Neptunian mass of motionless cylinders!

  Down like light we flashed upon them through the
black gloom of space, and a wild exhilaration thrilled me
through in that moment, as we flew' downward. The im-
mense blackness of empty space around us, the far fiery
disk of the sun and the bright sparks of Jupiter and
Neptune burning inward and outward from us, the vast
ringed sphere of Saturn behind us—these seemed to spin
slowly around our flier as with its fellows it dove down
through the sheer darkness of the void toward the un-
suspecting Neptunian cylinders below. Marlin was grip-
ping the control-board’s edge, staring downward with the
radiophone mouthpiece close before him, Whitely at the
other side gazing down with his calm eyes ablaze for
oncc, while Randall grasped tightly, with his face set
and stone-like, the two levers of our concentrated force-
ray weapon, and while with my own hands I held the
controls of the flier’s propulsion-rays, and sent it swoop-
ing down out of the upper void now upon the Neptunians,
even as the hundreds of our fliers around us swooped.
Then, as those cylinders loomed greater close beneath us
Randall had swung sharply the levers in his hands and as
he did so there had emerged from our space-flier, and
from all those about us, ray upon ray of concentrated,
terrible force, slender and pencil-like rays of jwle force,
that crashed down with awful cleaving power through
the massed cylinders beneath!

JSAW in that whirling instant score upon score of the
cylinders below cloven through by those terrific
slicing rays, saw a full half of the score of greater cylin-
ders that had been our chief target break up into great
fragments as our rays swept through them! For that
moment it seemed that below us unharmed and wrecked
cylinders were merged together in a wildly-confused
mass, fragments of wreckage and disk-lwdied Neptun-
ians, slain instantly by the cold of space, and unharmed
cylinders whirling together there in a great mass beneath
us! In that instant we had stayed our downward rush,
almost upon that great mass, had with a repelling ray
shot our fliers over and beyond it, and then as we whirled
upward once more, as Marlin again uttered a hoarse,
swift command, we were leaping back toward the great
mass of the Neptunians, leaping back with all in our flier
shouting now as we drove toward the remaining greater
cylinders to destroy them also!

  But now, as we shot toward them, the Neptunians had
rallied from the first surprise of our crashing attack
down upon them, and before we could again swoop down
upon them, their unharmed cylinder-fliers, still more than
two thousand in number, had separated themselves from
the confused wreckage of those we had destroyed and
were driving boldly up toward us, to meet us! In an-
362

AMAZING STORIES

other instant they would have overwhelmed us, would
have wiped us from the void with their great mass crash-
ing over our own, their concentrated rays directed toward
us, but before they could come closer Marlin had given
an order and from our own racing fliers there had shot
out toward the onracing Neptunian cylinder-flicrs pro-
pulsion-rays that in an instant had pushed us back from
their onrushing fleet, back through a great gulf of space
in an instant! Before they could comprehend the man-
euver, another order had sounded, and we were again
leaping forward, this time on a lower level, leaping toward
the half-score greater cylinders that still remained mo-
tionless where first they had been, their combined great
ray still pushing our fleet on to Saturn! The cylinder-
fliers above, their occupants seeing our object, darted
down like falling meteors to prevent us, but were an in-
stant too late. Before they could do so, our concentrated
rays had cloven through the half-score greater cylinders
and had annihilated them, their combined great ray ceas-
ing instantly!

  "The greater cylinders are all destroyed!” Whitely
was saying. “We’ve saved our fleet from death against
Saturn, at least!”

  "Back toward Saturn—toward the fleet!” Marlin
shouted. "We're outnumbered five to one by these Nep-
tunian cylinders!”

  For even as he cried out, the two thousand or more
Neptunian cylindcr-fliers, too late to save their greater
cylinders, but made more fierce by the sight of their de-
struction, were diving down from above, with all their
concentrated weapon-rays toward us! Against those out-
numbering cylinders our own few hundred fliers had no
chance, and even as the Neptunians whirled down on us,
as Marlin shouted his order, our space-fliers were going
011 toward Saturn, the Neptunians leveling out instant-
ly and raging through the void after us in close pursuit.
On we shot, their questing weapon-rays taking toll now
of our rearmost fliers, and though Saturn was again fill-
ing the firmament before us with his mighty cloudy-yel-
low disk, his colossal whirling rings and circling maze
of moons, there was no sign of our fleet’s main body
ahead. Had we destroyed the greater cylinders too late?
Had their combined great ray pushed our fleet in to
death against Saturn before we could save it? It seemed
so in that tense moment and then, close ahead, there
loomed in black relief against Saturn’s mighty heaven-
filling disk, a great swarm of black dots that were whirl-
ing toward us.

  "The fleet!”

  As I cried the words, Marlin was giving swift orders
through the mouthpiece before him, and then, even as our
own few hundred fliers suddenly slowed their speed and
halted, the great swarm of dots ahead had rushed up
beside and around us, had taken form around us as the
thousands of space-fliers of our great fleet, falling in-
stantly into their regular formation and confronting thus
the Neptunian cylinders that had been so hotly pursuing
us! Those Neptunians were too late to halt their cylinder-
lliers as we faced them thus so suddenly in force, our
five thousand fliers opposed to theirs, hardly half our
number, but they swerved as they saw us, swerved up-
ward and attempted to race above us, raking us with their
weapon-rays of concentrated force! Before they could
do so, however, Marlin had littered another order and
our fleet had shot up to meet them, so that in the next
moment, earth and Neptunian craft had rushed together
in their two respective fleets, there beside mighty Saturn!

  As the two great fleets neared each other there crossed
and flashed from one to the other innumerable slender
rays of concentrated force, and space-flier and cylinder-
flier were being clove through and annihilated by those
slicing rays as they neared one another! Almost it
seemed that we must crash straight into the oncoming
Neptunian cylinders, the whole firmament for the mo-
ment ahead of us being full of their onrushing mass. I
saw openings in those oncoming cylinders from which
gleamed light, looked inside and there as one sees things
in a dream were the many disk-bodied Neptunians calmly
manipulating the controls as their great mass of cylin-
ders shot toward our greater mass of space-fliers. Cylin-
ders and space-fliers were being annihilated in that mo-
ment by scores by the slender rays that drove across the
closing gap between the fleets, and then just as we seemed
011 the point of crashing dead into their oncoming cylin-
ders they had shot their propulsion-rays sidewise, had
swerved aside and were rushing with our own great fleet,
which had instantly swerved with them, through the
void!

  Side by side for the moment the Neptunian and Earth
fleets flew, countless weapon-rays stabbing across the gap
between them as at dizzying speed they shot through the
void, and I kept our space-flier at our fleet’s head, as
Marlin gave his orders to the fliers behind us, Whitely
swiftly opening and closing the controls of our generators
to keep constant the flier’s power and speed, Randall was
sending our own slender and deadly rays shooting toward
the opposite Neptunian cylinders like bolts of straight and
half-seen lightning! For but instants it could have been
that the two great fleets, our own of space-fliers and the
smaller Neptunian one, whirled through the void, but
eternities it seemed to me, so tense and timeless was that
whirl of awful action. Soon I became aware of a mighty
yellow disk that filled the firmament from top to bottom
before us, toward which our racing, struggling fleets were
flashing, and then I saw' Whitely bending across me and
shouting to Marlin through the wild whirl of this ter-
rific battle:

  "We’re heading with the Neptunian fleet in to Saturn!”
he was shouting. "What this battle will mean in those
rings and moons-!”

  “We’ll keep straight with them!” Marlin cried. "They
are trying to escape from us in Saturn’s rings and moons,
and get back to Neptune to rejoin the main Neptunian
body!”

  So that now as fleet and fleet rushed forward I held
our own flier at our own fleet's head, racing forward with
the vast whirling system of Saturn’s rings and moons
stretching dangerously before us. Full before us was
looming greater each instant the spinning dark globe of
Titan, Saturn’s largest moon, and now as our two fleets
rushed side by side toward it at terrific speed, stabbing
still at each other from space-flier to cylinder with the
concentrated weapon-rays, it seemed that inevitably in
the next moment we must crash against the big moon!
Seeing this, though, Marlin shouted a swift order into the
mouthpiece before him, and instantly in answer to it our
great fleet’s mass bore sidewise against the racing mass
of the Neptunian cylinders! For an instant it seemed
that the two fleets were merging into each other, space-
flier crashing into cylinder and slender rays coming
thick, and then the smaller Neptunian fleet had given
way beneath the pressure of ours, had veered sidewise
so that in the following moment the two fleets were rush-
ing past Titan’s whirling sphere!
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

363

  And now. we were inside Titan’s orbit, and as we
whirled farther in just across the path of another and
smaller whirling moon, I saw that Saturn's colossal
rings lay edge-on close before our racing masses of craft,
gigantic spinning rings of mighty meteor-masses, count-
less great meteor-swarms whirling there about the vast
yellow planet whose sphere now was stupendous in the
heavens before us. In another few moments Neptunian
cylinders and space-fliers of Earth would have rushed
alike into those thundering swarms of meteors, in which
no craft could live for a moment. Already chance meteors
were whirling through space about us as we shot on,
cylinder or space-flier here and there in the two racing,
grappling fleets vanishing in white-hot flashes of heat
and fire as a meteor struck them. But other and more
cylinders and space-fliers were vanishing in wreckage be-
neath the cleaving rays from either fleet, and both were
racing on so intent upon our terrific struggle as to vtio-
tice hardly at all the vast whirling rings before us! I
heard Whitely utter a hoarse cry to Marlin as we flashed
forward, heard Marlin swiftly utter an order in the
mouthpiece before him, and then our fleet, and the Nep-
tunian cylinders at almost the same instant, had shot
diagonally upward and instead of crashing into the great
rings’ edge were slanting swiftly up over them!

  And now, as Neptunians and Earth fliers drove to-
gether up over Saturn’s colossal rings, the intensity of
the struggle seemed to deepen to a fierceness as yet un-
known. For the moment it was sheer blind battle without
need of reason or command, sheer awful combat there in
space above Saturn’s whirling rings, with beside us the
vast cloud-screened yellow sphere of Saturn itself loom-
ing gigantic, and with outside the great rings its whirl-
ing maze of moons! Cylinders and space-fliers grappled
in that moment with mindless fury, and with a swift-
ness and skill of which I had not dreamed myself capable,
I whirled our space-flier this way and that amid the
swarming, boiling ruck of the giant battle, amid the
grappling hordes of space-fliers and cylinders that filled
the air before us, their cleaving concentrated rays slicing
this way and that in swift circles of death about us! I
heard Whitely laughing a little from excitement beside
me as the battle reached this terrific pitch, saw Randall
sending our own weapon rays this way and that with
lightning-swiftness, Marlin gazing out tensely into that
hell of battle that filled space about us. Struggling there
above Saturn’s colossal rings, ever and again Neptunian
cylinder or space-flier of Earth shot too low and was
caught by the whirling meteor swarms of those giant
rings, annihilated instantly by them! Hundreds of cylin-
ders and space-fliers had gone to death already, but so
far the battle bad been almost even despite our greater
force, and seeing this Marlin cried quickly into the order-
mouthpiece before him.

INSTANTLY our whirling space-fliers shot back sud-
denly from the wild ruck of the battle, formed in-
stantly into a long double column of fliers with our own
flier at the head, and then before the surprised Neptunians
could reform their own spread-out and disorganized mass,
our compact column had leaped forward and had crashed
through their formless mass with a great shock, fliers
and cylinders perishing in scores in that reeling crash!
And then our double column had divided, pushing out to
either side and thus splitting and separating the Neptu-
nian mass of cylinders, and thus separated and inferior
to us in numl)ers we were in the next moment leaping

upon them there above Saturn's rings and sending their
cylinders into wrecked fragments by the hundreds with
our whirling rays! Fiercely their own rays came back
upon us, as they faced us, and then they seemed to waver,
to hesitate. And before we could sense their intention
their remaining cylinders, depleted by scores each mo-
ment now and numbering no more than fifteen hundred,
had dropped downward almost to the giant whirling
rings, had formed into a swift massed formation there,
and then with all the power of their propulsion-rays were
speeding away, away from Saturn, out through the void
toward the calm green distant spot of light that was
Neptune!

  “They’re fleeing!” I cried, as our own space-flier
whirled around in that moment. “We’ve beaten these, at
least—they're fleeing back to Neptune!”

  “Regular formation—all squadrons!” Marlin was
shouting into the mouthpiece before him. “Full speed
out from Saturn—after the Neptunians!”

  And as our space-fliers, still over four thousand in
number despite the losses of that wild combat, massed
swiftly together in their V-formation and then were
hurtling out from Saturn through the gulf after the flee-
ing cylinders, I was crying to him over the sudden wax-
ing throb of our generators: “There’s far more Neptu-
nian cylinders than these that waited for us at Saturn
here—the rest must be waiting at Neptune itself!”

  He nodded, grim-faced. “The main Neptune fleet is
probably waiting there for us—and must outnumber us
by almost two to one. But if we can overtake these fif-
teen hundred cylinders before us we’ll keep them, at
least, from rejoining their main fleet!"

  Now Saturn and its rings and moons was dwindling
swiftly behind us as our great fleet shot forward again
from it, out toward Neptune’s steady, pale green little
light-spot, and after the hundreds of cylinders fleeing be-
fore us toward it. With an acceleration that never before
had we dared to risk did we leap forward through the
void now, and so awful was the pressure of that accelera-
tion upon us that even with our shock-absorbing appa-
ratus we were crushed almost into unconsciousness by it.
Steadily, though, with the last of my consciousness and
strength, I held the space-llier’s speed and course on-
ward, while close behind us there shot after us with the
same terrific acceleration, the fliers of our own fleet. We
knew, though, that the Neptunians were fleeing toward
their great world at a speed and acceleration as great
as ours, for we were not gaining upon them. Their
massed hundreds of cylinders, indeed, were not visible to
us in the great void ahead except by means of our tele-
scope, but with it we could keep them in view and could
check their progress and ours out through the great gulf
toward the solar system’s edge.

  Out—out—for hour upon hour we throbbed through
the void after those fleeing Neptunian cylinders, out once
again toward great Neptune and toward the last mighty
battle that was to be ours there. For well we knew that
the two thousand and more Neptunian cylinders that
had waited for us there at Saturn, that had laid that great
ambush in space for us there and then had battled us so
fiercely over Saturn, were but a portion of the Neptunian
main fleet of cylinders, sent out to delay, and ii possible,
to destroy us. That great main body of their cylinders,
we knew, must number almost double as many craft as
our own, and undoubtedly was aware of our coming and
was waiting for us at Neptune or near it. And it was the
great main body of the Neptunian cylinders that we must
364

AMAZING STORIES

overcome, I knew, before ever we could hope to get to
Triton and halt there the giant force-ray that was turn-
ing the sun on toward the doom of the solar system. And
well we knew, too, that in the interval the Neptunians
had had time to build many more cylinders, to make their
great fleet even greater, and that whatever mighty wea-
pons they had devised in that time we now must face.

  So that as our great fleet of space-fliers, holding to its
regular formation, flashed on an'j on and on through the
great gulf of space, on out through the outer vast reaches
of the solar system toward its outermost planet, our every
effort was bent upon overtaking the fleeing Neptunians
before us and annihilating them before they could rejoin
the main body. At the same colossal speed as ourselves
they were fleeing from before us, on toward Neptune’s
tiny green disk far ahead, and though we held steady
in our pursuit after them, we could not lessen the gap be-
tween us. Hour passed into hour and day into change-
less day thus as we throbbed 011 in that tremendous pur-
suit, hours and days that we could not measure, all
things seeming timeless now as our great fleet flashed on
in this terrific pursuit. At maximum speed, at millions
of miles an hour, the Neptunians and ourselves were
hurtling on, yet they kept out of reach ahead of us, as
Neptune grew larger ahead. And now that mighty pur-
suit of ours had become so strange and unreal and dream-
like that it was as men in a dream that we watched and
slept and watched in our space-fliers as earth’s brave
fleet shot on through the last readies of the solar system
toward its edge.

  Timeless indeed seemed the day on day, the hour on
hour, of that daring pursuit of our fleeing enemies Out
from Saturn toward great Neptune, but now we knew
that that pursuit had begun to draw to an end, since Nep-
tune’s disk was steadily enlarging before us and we had
begun slowly to draw closer to the fleeing cylinders!
Closer and closer our fleet, our own foremost space-flier,
was coming to those fleeing fifteen hundred cylinders, and
the interval of hours and days of pursuit out from the
wild combat at Saturn seemed as though it had not ex-
isted, so tense once more we bccame as we drew nearer
to the Neptunians before us. At last, with Neptune's
pale green disk and the bright little spot of Triton above
and behind it within hours of us, we had come so close
to the fleeing cylinders that their mass, hurtling 011 in a
cone-like formation, was clearly visible to our unaided
eyes in the void ahead. And by this time, in every space-
flier of our onrushing fleet, its occupants were waiting
impatiently for the moment when we would be near
enough to loose our concentrated weapon-rays on the
fleeing craft ahead.

  “We’ll overtake them before they reach Neptune!”
Marlin declared, gazing intently ahead toward the gleam-
ing points that were the fleeing cylinders far ahead.
“Within hours now we’ll be up to them 1”

  “Well enough for us that we can do so, too!” Whitely
commented. "For if they rejoined their main body, the
odds against us might be overpowering!”

  And now as pursuers and pursued rushed nearer and
nearer toward mighty Neptune’s great pale-green sphere,
they were also nearing each other, our onleaping four
thousand space-fliers drawing closer and closer toward
those fleeing fifteen hundred cylinders, though they were
a great distance from us. Beside me Randall’s hands
were resting on the weapon-ray controls, and as we came
closer still to the fleeing Neptunians, I saw Marlin lean-
ing toward the mouthpiece, preparing to give his order

to the great fleet behind us. Closer—closer—we could
clearly make out now the massed fleeing cylinders far in
the void ahead—already almost within accurate ray-
range, a swarm of black dots against Neptune’s cloudy
grcen disk ahead. And as we came thus close Marlin
leaned to voice his order, to spread the space-fliers of our
fleet into a broad firing-formation and send their rays
stabbing ahead. But that order was never uttered, for
at that moment Whitely uttered a sharp cry, and we saw
that the racing mass of cylinders ahead was suddenly
slowing!

  With unprecedented quickness its speed was decreas-
ing before us and in moments more we would have
crashed into those slowing cylinders had not Marlin’s
voice snapped a quick order that slowed instantly all the
fliers oi our fleet likewise. Fearful of some trick, slow-
ing thus, we gazed intently ahead in that moment and
then all of us had cried out together as we saw, beyond
that swarm of black dots that were the slowing fifteen
hundred Neptunian cylinders before us, other black dots
that showed against great Neptune's disk also, which
loomed great now in the heavens ahead! Other black
dots, an immense swarm of them, that we knew were
other cylinders, an immense fleet of them, rushing out
from Neptune toward the fifteen hundred before us and
toward ourselves! And then as in moments more the
fifteen hundred cylinders before us slowed and stopped
in space even as we had slowed, we saw sweeping from
behind them, from great Neptune, those other cylinders,
forming with them, there in space, a colossal semi-circular
mass of fully eight thousand Neptunian cylinders in all,
that faced our own four thousand or more space-fliers
there in the void! It was the giant assembled Neptun-
ian fleet, gathered here outside their world to face our
own fleet, in that great struggle in which Earth and
Neptune were to come now at last to death-grips for the
life or death of the solar system!

CHAPTER XV

“You of Neptune or We of Earth!”

OLUMN formation—all squadrons full speed

ahead!”

   It was Marlin's voice that shouted that swift
order in the next instant, and then, even as the gigantic
semi-circle of the Neptunian fleet was leaping through
the void toward us, our four thousand and odd space-
fliers, outnumbered almost by two to one by the cylinders
massed ahead, had shifted like lightning from their great
V-formation to one of a long double column once more,
and no sooner had its squadrons taken that new forma-
tion than the column slanted slightly to allow the free
use of their propulsion-rays. They were flashing for-
ward now like an enormous spear cast toward the curv-
ing front of the giant Neptunian fleet! For it was Mar-
lin’s intention to meet that outnumbering mass of cylin-
ders by splitting it with a column as we had done over
Saturn to our enemies, and then engaging separately the
parts of the disorganized mass. So that now-, even as the
great half-circle of the Neptunian cylinders whirled
through the void to overwhelm us, we had formed that
long, double column and were dashing straight at them!

   Holding the controls of our space-flier steady in that
moment, I was aware for an instant of a sense of the
utter strangeness of all the wild scene about me—of our
space-flier’s interior with Marlin and Randall and Whitely
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

365

crouched in their chairs beside ine, of the great column
of polyhedron-like, gleaming, faceted, space-fliers that
came forward through the black gulf of star-sown space
behind us, of the oncoming giant line of the Neptunian
cylinders flashing toward us in turn, and of the im-
mense green disk of mighty Neptune looming in the
black vault behind them. All seemed for the moment
the panorama of some strange nightmare stretched about
me, but that momentary sensation that had gripped me so
often in our wild rush through the solar system vanished
in the next instant as stern reality loomed before us.
There were the mighty curving line of gleaming Nep-
tunian cylinders through which in the next split-second
our great column must crash! I braced myself mentally
for that vast crash that must almost inevitably mean
death for the foremost of our space-fliers; I was aware
as we drove upon the onrushing Neptunian line, that now
unthinkable storms of deadly concentrated rays were rag-
ing from fleet to fleet; and then suddenly, at the very
instant that we thought to crash into their great ap-
proaching line, that line opened swiftly before us to al-
low our great column to rush unharmed through it 1

  So astounded were we by that unlooked-for maneuver
on the part of the Neptunians, that before we could check
our speed, we were through, had shot in our entire col-
umn through that opening in their semi-circle, which in-
stantly closed again behind us. And as it did so, there
rushed toward each other the open ends of their semi-
circle, thus closing that circle even as we rushed into it.
Our fleet was held enclosed within the circle of their
own! And then, from all those thousands of Neptunian
cylinders that surrounded us, there were stabbing at us in
countless number slender shafts of concentrated force,
countless pencil-like weapon-rays that instantly clove
through hundreds of our gathered space-fliers and that
strewed space thick about us with their wreckage, even as
we sought in vain to answer that terrible rain of deadly
rays!

  “Trapped!” Whitely was shouting. “They've trapped
us inside their circle—are destroying us!”

  For, though our own rays were fiercely springing forth
and striking cylinder after cylinder of the vast fleet that
had gathered about us, that fleet so outnumbered us and
had such advantage of position, that it was decimating
us in short order. Our space-fliers had broken from their
column-formation now, and in a loose, disorganized mass
were drifting at the center of that great ring of death
which the Neptunians had formed about us. Swiftly
our fliers were going into wreckage and death beneath
the terrific storm of rays from all around us, and then
Marlin’s voice was flaring as he shouted an order into
his mouthpiece.

  “All space-fliers mass together,” he cried, “and turn all
your propulsion-rays outward!”

  “You’re going to—” Whitely began, but Marlin cut
him short.

  “We’re going to break up the Neptunians’ circle in the
only way it can be broken up!” he cried.

  As his order sounded the thousands of our space-
fliers were obeying it, were massing compactly together
at the center of the Neptunians’ mighty circle. Thus
massed, they presented for the moment a perfect target
for our enemies’ rays, and for a moment those rays
stabbed thick toward us from all sides. In the next mo-
ment our massed space-fliers were shooting their great
propulsion-rays outward, outward in all directions around
us, outward toward the Neptunians’ encircling ring! As

those rays shot out, they pressed with terrific power
against that ring of cylinders about us, and since our own
fliers were massed together and thus braced against each
other, it was not they that moved but the cylinders, their
great ring instantly broken up, disintegrated, as those
cylinders were hurled out into the void from us by the
pushing power of our great propulsion-rays! For the
moment they were broken up completely, their formation
entirely shattered, and before they could reform, there
had come another order from Marlin and in a compact
formation ourselves, our space-fliers were leaping upon
their shattered masses!

  To right and left, like light, drove the deadly weapon-
rays of our massed space-fliers as we seized the oppor-
tunity and leaped upon the Neptunians. Ample was the
revenge we had upon them in that moment, since the
concentrated rays tore through and wrecked hundreds
of their own cylinders as we sprang upon them! Fleeing
from before us for the moment, flashing away toward
giant Neptune’s tremendous green disk ahead, they strove
to reform while we leaped after them and harried them
with every weapon-ray which our space-fliers could emit.
Swiftly, though, even as they rushed onward before us,
the Neptunian cylinders were drawing together into a
great mass again, into a great column-like formation, and
as our own column-mass drove beside and after them with
weapon-rays stabbing, their resistance abruptly stiffened,
and they were racing in close formation once more be-
side our own mighty fleet, grappling once more with it
in space as both rushed toward great Neptune, But we
had struck a mighty blow at their disorganized masses in
the moment of our opportunity. Fully two thousand of
their cylinders had been swept to death by our rays before
they bad been able to mass again, and now but six
thousand or less cylinders remained, racing ahead with
our own four thousand or less fliers!

  The great green sphere of Neptune was looming colos-
sal ahead and slightly beneath our two oncoming fleets,
with l>ehind and above it the bright little disk of Triton.
It was toward Triton even in that wild moment that all
of us were gazing, toward the source of the giant sun-
ray that we must, somehow, halt. But now the battle
around us had become so furious that we could spare no
thought to aught else, since the two mighty fleets, stab-
bing ceaselessly at each other with their slender rays as
they slowed their flashing progress forward, were rushing
into the outer reaches of the atmosphere of huge Nep-
tune ! Tts air was roaring about our whirling space-fliers
as we shot through it, but as we shot on we saw that the
Neptunian cylinders were going into annihilation swifter
far than were our fliers! For they had formed and were
racing beside us in their half-circle formation, while our
own fliers at Marlin’s command had leaped forward in a
long column that could concentrate all its fire of rays
upon the side of the Neptunian formation nearest us! And
though slender rays tore lightning-like through fliers here
and there across our own column, we saw that their cylin-
ders beneath our fire were 1 x:ing wrecked in scores, in
hundreds! In that vast running fight we were fast even-
ing the odds against us!

  Marlin’s eyes were gleaming with excitement as we
saw the Neptunians thus falling beside us under our con-
centrated fire of rays, and Randall and Whitely and I
were almost beside ourselves with exultation. Faster were
falling the Neptunian cylinders beneath our rain of rays,
the rays of their farther cylinders being held from us by
their own cylinders in their fatal formation. Already, as
366

AMAZING STORIES

we thundered through the mists of mighty Neptune and
low over its gleaming surface, we saw that the Neptun-
ian cylinders had been reduced by that deadly fire of ours
to hardly more than three thousand, to hardly more than
our own fleet of fliers, which had itself lost its hundreds
in that vast running battle. As our rays tore into and
through {heir shaken mass hundreds upon hudreds of
their cylinders had been cloven through, had been re-
duced to whirling wreckage, and we had evened the odds
in our raging battle at last!

  Even as we cried out in triumph, the Neptunians must
have seen that to continue in that running fight longer
was suicidal for them. They could not change formation
during that flight without exposing themselves to worse
peril, so in desperation they did a completely unexpected
thing. Their enormous mass of cylinders, battered out
of its half-circle formation by our terrific fire of rays,
suddenly swerved in toward our own fleet as the two
great armadas rushed forward above Neptune, and then
that Neptunian fleet of cylinders had crashed obliquely
with immense power into our own space-flier fleet! The
next instant it had so merged with it that the two fleets
ceased instantly to exist as such and for the moment be-
came one colossal, swaying, reeling mass of cylinders
and space-fliers in utter merged confusion, striking and
soaring and smashing each other!

  As that great cylinder-armada crashed thus into our
own it had seemed to me that the air all around us was
filled in that instant with colliding space-fliers and cylin-
ders, and with a hell of slender pale and deadly concen-
trated rays that raged thick in whirling death about us!
I saw before us two onrushing cylinders, whirled the
flier up to avoid that imminent collision, and then as they
passed beneath us, saw Randall send our rays driving
down and cleaving through them, saw them whirl in
wreckage into which a battling cylinder and faceted space-
flier had crashed themselves in the next instant! I heard
Whitely’s shout of alarm in the next split-second, in-
stinctively flung the flier sidewise through the boiling
ruck of the battle, just in time to escape a pair of stab-
bing rays from a cylinder beneath, and then saw those
rays stab on up and strike another cylinder and destroy
it! And even as I whirled the flier sidewise, Randall
was driving our rays to right and left against other cylin-
ders rushing upon us!

THE air about us seemed filled in that moment with
a single wildly-swirling mass of cylinders and space-
fliers, grappling with each other there in countless indi-
vidual combats inextricably intermixed, their weapon-rays
going out in destruction through the craft that whirled
upon them, their propulsion-rays driving the ships about
them crazily to right and left! With inconceivable fury
cylinders and fliers soared and fought and fell above
great Neptune’s roof, the air filled with falling wreck-
age, our great battle reaching now an undreamed-of
phase of intensity, as gleaming cylinders and faceted ball-
like space-fliers were annihilated alike by hundreds! That
giant merged combat of the two fleets had in minutes
taken toll of half the force of each, and I wondered
dimly even as I whirled the flier up and back through
the wild, annihilating battle how either men of earth or
disk-bodied Neptunians could cling to a Iwttie of such
suicidal nature! Then suddenly from Marlin had come a
hoarse exclamation, and I saw in that instant all the
Neptunian cylinders intermixed with our space-fliers ris-
ing upward, as though in answer to a single command!

  “Up!” cried Marlin. “The Neptunians are over us!
They're going to-!”

  Rut before he could finish the sentence, before our
space-fliers could whirl upward in answer to his com-
mand, from the Neptunian cylinders massed above us
had shot down upon us innumerable powerful propul-
sion-rays, rays that struck scores, hundreds, of our space-
fliers and drove them down with terrific force to crash
against the metal roof of Neptune beneath us! They
were repeating the maneuver by which we four had
escaped from our pursuers over Neptune weeks before,
were driving our fliers down to crashing death in hordes!
Instantly as Marlin shouted into the order-mouthpiece,
our fliers leaped forward, to escape from that death that
smote us from above, but as we drove forward in our
column formations again, they went on above us, were
with their powerful propulsion-rays driving us down to
death in scores even as with those rays they prevented
us from rising to meet them! We were being quickly
destroyed now, and as we saw it, as our column flashed
on with the Neptunian cylinders massing in another col-
umn above and driving our fliers down by scores, we saw
that not much longer could that unequal battle con-
tinue! Then abruptly Marlin pointed ahead and down-
ward to Neptune's mighty roof beneath us, was crying an
order to us and the fliers behind and about us.

  “That opening!” he cried. “Down through it—down
beneath the roof! It’s our one chance to escape them!”

  I	caught my breath at that cry of his, for I saw that he
was pointing down toward one of the great circular
openings in Neptune’s roof, openings that were set in it
here and there, all being open now as when we had first
explored Neptune’s mysteries. To flash down beneath the
roof through that opening was our one chance of escape
from the relentless smiting death above. I saw it, too, so
the next instant our own flier and all the long column
behind us were diving downward at a dizzying angle
toward that great circular opening; and in the next mo-
ment before the Neptunian cylinders alwve could fathom
our purpose, we had passed through that opening and
were racing forward beneath the great roof! In an in-
stant, though, the Neptunian cylinders had followed in
their long column and were racing after us, through the
dim Neptunian day above the dead and lifeless surface of
the great compartment-city that covered all of Neptune!

  On we flashed, with the Neptunian column some dis-
tance behind, numliering now some half-thousand more
in cylinders than our own bare thousand space-fliers. On
until above us we saw another similar opening in the
great roof, and then at Marlin’s quick order our narrow,
long column of fliers were slanting up toward it, through
it. And then, outside of the great roof once more, Marlin
gave a swift order that revealed to me the purpose of his
strategy. For at that order our fleet checked its upward
rush and bent its long column lightning-like around to
form a great circle, a circle hovering there around and
above the great circular opening in the roof through which
we had just emerged. And in the next moment, as the
Neptunian column flashed up through that opening like-
wise in hot pursuit of us, never suspecting us of waiting
there for it, from all the fliers of our great circle there
had radiated toward them storm on storm of deadly con-
centrated rays, rays that smote them with blinding shock
as their column rushed upward and that crashed through
hundreds of their upflashing cylinders even as they burst
up through the opening, before ever they could catch
sight of us around them! In those seconds of dazing
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

367

surprise there was no chance for them to recoil, and their
column of cylinders, as if too astounded for the moment
to answer with a single ray, was flashing up from the
opening through a hurricane of rays that in that moment
was annihilating their cylinders by hundreds! But a scant
three or four hundred cylinders of those that ran upward
through that gauntlet of death escaped it, and these
swirled for a moment in stunned confusion above us,
and then were without formation racing away from us
over Neptune’s surface, racing away toward the gleaming
disk of Triton!

  “Beaten!” I cried, as our own space-fliers whirled up
now after the fleeing cylinders. “They’re beaten—they’re
fleeing back to Triton!”

  “The giant ray!” Whitely was shouting, as we thun-
dered forward. “We’ve still more than a thousand fliers
left, and if we can get now to that great sun-ray — 1”
“Hold steady after them!” Marlin cried. “We’ve
fought our way this far, and we’ve got now to get to that
ray and halt it 1”

   Now out over Neptune’s surface, out through its mists
and outer atmosphere again, the cylinders ahead were
roaring at utmost speed, almost leaping in a confused
and disorganized mass, the remnants of that mighty
fleet that had come out to meet us outside Neptune,
toward their rrioon-world of Triton, whose disk gleamed
bright ahead. A thrill of pride even in our wild excite-
ment shot through me as we thundered on in pursuit of
those fleeing cylinders. For whatever else that day might
hold for us, whether or not we were able to halt that
giant ray on Triton’s sunward side that was reaching out
to the sun and turning it ever faster, we men of earth
had at least proved our fighting ability to the solar system
for all time, had come out to the solar system’s edge and
had shattered there the mighty armada of the Neptunians’
ancient and mighty race! And now as we flashed on in
swift pursuit of the fleeing survivors of that armada
toward Triton, confidence and hope were strengthening
in us each moment, for with the Neptunians’ great fleet
shattered what could hold us back from the shattering
and halting of the giant sun-ray and its mechanism ?

  On—on—and now we were rushing after the fleeing
cylinders out of Neptune’s atmosphere and into the air-
less void again, with Triton growing each moment more
bright and big as giant Neptune fell behind us. Across
the gulf from Neptune to its moon we sped, after those
cylinders, with utmost acceleration and speed, and swiftly
we drew closer to the Neptunians flying before us, and
swiftly too drew closer to the gleaming sphere of Triton.
And as it grew larger before us, as we pursued the cylin-
ders in toward it, we all cried out as we followed with
our eyes at the sunward side of it the giant pale beam,
hardly visible, of the colossal force-ray acting on the
sun, that mighty ray that was turning the sun ever faster
to the doom of the solar system! We could make out
that gigantic beam, leaping out into space toward the
distant firc-disk of the sun, and could make out also in
that moment a great number of great humped dark shapes
gathered on Triton's roof around the great pit of the
sun-ray. As our eyes shifted to Triton’s other edge we
could discern the other giant force-ray, which reached out
toward the distant star in Sagittarius and by bracing
Triton with its pressure kept the moon-world from be-
ing hurled out into space by the sun-ray’s pressure.
Around this other ray’s pit, too. were a few of the
strange great humped or domed dark shapes, but in that
moment we gave them small attention, for the cylinders

that had l>een fleeing from before us straight toward the
great sun-ray’s giant beam, had abruptly slowed, stopped,
as they rushed into Triton’s atmosphere, and had turned
desperately to face us!

IT was a wild, fierce attempt on their part to hold us
even to the last from their great ray, and as their
three or four hundred cylinders massed so suddenly be-
fore us and faced us, our own column was leaping upori
them with all the impetus of our thousand and more
space-fliers! The next moment cylinder and space-flier
were reeling in a wild last struggle there high in Triton’s
atmosphere, high above the pit of the giant sun-ray, with
the mighty pale beam of that ray passing up and out
toward the sun and still beside us! Like demons the
Neptunians were fighting now, but we were wrought up
to the fiercest pitch battle ourselves, and as Marlin gave
his orders, we were swooping upon them with insensate
fury, cylinder and space-flier crashing together there
above Triton or falling beneath the slicing sweeps of the
weapon-rays that again raged thick around us! Faster,
ever faster, fell the outnumbered cylinders before our
wild attack, until at last but a score were left—a dozen—
a half-dozen—and then those, too, were gone, the last of
the Neptunians’ mighty fleet of cylinders annihilated!
And now as from our hovering space-fliers, still over a
thousand in number, there came muffled, wild cheers, our
eyes were shifting downward, down to the great pit from
which the sun-ray sprang, down to the twenty control-
boxes in the sides of that pit!

  “Down to the pit—down to the controls!” Marlin was
shouting over the wild uproar in our and the other fliers.
“Every one of those control-boxes must be destroyed be-
fore we can halt the ray!”

   “We’ll halt the great ray now!” I cried to him, as our
space-fliers swooped downward now toward the giant pit
of the ray. “We’ve wiped out their last forces and we

  “But look—those great domes around the pit below!”
It was Whitely’s hoarse shout that broke in upon me.
“They’re great domed forts—great domed forts guarding
the giant sun-ray’s pit and controls!”

  For as we shot down toward the great pit of the
mighty force-ray we had seen clearly now the scores of
giant domed, humped shapes on Triton’s roof around that
pit, which we had vaguely discerned from high above.
And they were, as Whitely cried to us, great forts! Giant
domed forts of inconceivably thick and strong metal,
each hundreds of feet in height, with openings here and
there in them from which countless deadly weapon-rays
could be emitted. And these great domed forts, over a
hundred in number, were moving, were wheeling this way
and that smoothly and swiftly on Triton’s roof, were cir-
cling slowly on that roof about the pit of the giant sun-
ray. guarding that pit and the control-boxes in its walls!
Even as we heard Whitely's cry in that moment, as we
flashed down toward them, we realized that the Neptun-
ians had constructed those mighty moving forts of metal
to guard their great force-ray’s controls from our at-
tack, placing more than a hundred of them around the
pit of the great sun-ray, and a half-score of them, as
we had perceived, around the pit of the other great force-
ray on Triton’s other side! And then, in the moment that
Whitely cried out and that we saw those great forts
moving like smooth-gliding mountains of metal beneath
us, there had rained upward from them toward us a
staggering, withering slonn of concentrated force-rays!
368

AMAZING STORIES

  Reeling, staggering, falling, our fleet spun in crazy
disorder in the next moment as that terrific fire from be-
neath decimated us! And though in the next instant
Marlin’s voice rang steel-clear with an order, though in
answer to that order our own concentrated rays radiated
down madly toward those.gliding mountain-like domed
forts beneath us, it seemed that our rays had no effect
upon them! For so stupendous in thickness and strength
were those giant domed forts of metal, that instead of
cleaving through them our rays could do no more than
crumple and dent somewhat their smooth outer surfaces!
They were invulnerable, almost, to our attack, and though
one of them was crumpled into twisted metal by scores
of our rays happening to converge upon it, the others
were almost unharmed and were raking us with a ter-
rible. annihilating rain of rays as we shot down over
them!

  Down and down—and then as I shot our space-flier
down foremost of our mass of fliers through that wild
tornado of deadly rays. I saw the great pit’s o|>ening
looming full beneath us, the giant pale beam coming
up from that opening, the twenty vital control-boxes set
at equal intervals around its walls! Toward one of those
control-boxes our own flier was whirling beneath my
hands, and then Randall drove out like light our piercing
weapon-rays toward that control-box, clove through and
wrecked it instantly! But it was but one of twenty,
and in the next instant our space-fliers, unable longer to
withstand that terrific fire of rays from the gathering
domed forts around the pit, were staggering upward,
none other of our fliers having progressed as far down
as ours, and none other of the twenty control-boxes be-
ing destroyed! And as our space-fliers reeled thus up-
ward, unable to reach the control-boxes in the pit against
the awful fire of the gathered domed forts about it, we
saw that more than a hundred of our fliers had fallen be-
neath the terrific fire of rays from the forts in our mad
rush downward!

  “Those twenty control-boxes!” Marlin was crying.
“We' ve got to destroy every one before the sun-ray will
halt!"

  “But we can't with these giant moving forts against
us!” Whitely cried. “They’re wiping us out—they will
have destroyed us in minutes!”

  “We'll bold it to the end, then!” Marlin shouted.
“We’ve fought our way out through the solar system to
this great ray, and unless we halt it now it means death
for the solar system in a score more days! Down
again to the attack!”

  And down—down—down—like striking, rushing me-
teors our hundreds of space-fliers shot, to one side of the
giant beam, down with the great domed forts beneath
swiftly flashing over Triton’s roof to mass beneath us
at the pit’s side. Through the little window-openings in
those forts we saw the disk-bodied Neptunians inside, and
knew that beneath the great roof of Triton also were
swarming the millions upon countless millions of all the
Neptunian races, all the disk-bodied monsters in their
great compartment-city, who, with this great ray, were
turning our sun faster and faster to divide in a score
more days and doom the solar system! And with a
desperation born of that thought we shot down once
more, down with the bell of rays from the great domed
forts again raging up around us and taking toll of our
fliers as we shot over them, curving back upward once
more, and stabbing again toward the control-boxes in
the pit’s wall our weapon-rays as we reached that curve’s

lowest point! But this time, though the great forts took
toll again of scores of our fliers as we shot down over
them and up again, over the pit and up again, our rays
were so imperfectly aimed, that no control-box was
destroyed this time!

  Upward we swirled and then again, with a persistence
more insensate than human, were racing downward again
in a terrific swoop over the pit of the great ray! Again
the deadly rays of the surrounding hundred domed forts
crashed through our down-swooping fliers, sending
masses of them again into whirling wreckage, while as we
swooped down over the pit and upward again in that
lightning-like rush through death we saw that our rays
had missed once more and that none of the control-
boxes bad this time been destroyed by them! And as we
reeled upward again over the great pit, from over the
giant domed forts, we saw that but a few more than five
hundred space-fliers remained to us of the thousand and
more with which we had first flashed downward! In
three downward swoops only, in three lightning-like mo-
ments of attack, the giant invulnerable forts beneath
had annihilated more than-half our force, and we had
succeeded in destroying but a single one of the twenty
control-boxes!

  “1 he end!” cried W'hitely. “The end of our chance to
halt the great sun-ray!”

  “The end of our great fight through the solar system
—the end of earth’s and the solar system’s last chance!”

  For it was the end! Even as we cried out thus we
knew it, beyond shadow of doubt, as the shattered inass
of our remaining space-fliers reeled high above Triton’s
roof, high above the great pit of the ray and the colossal
moving domed forts that guarded it! Marlin—Whitely
—Randall—they were swaying in that moment, the
knowledge of doom plain u|x>n their faces as upon mine!
Another great swoop downward and those giant, almost
invulnerable moving forts would blast us entirely from
the air with their storms of rays! All of the nineteen
remaining controls below must be destroyed to halt the
mighty sun-ray, and before we could destroy even one of
them, we would be annihilated! The giant ray beside us
would turn the sun on ever faster, turn it on until in a
score more days the sun would divide at last into a
double star and engulf its planets in its diverging fires—
all save Neptune! And as we came thus to the end at
last of our superhuman struggle to halt the solar system’s
doom there was coming up to us from beneath the great
roof of Triton a vast, rolling muffled shouting of trium-
phant Neptunians, of all the Neptunian hordes upon Tri-
ton who saw as we did that for us the end had come!

  “But if it’s the end, we’ll meet it trying!” Randall
cried. “One more swoop downward—we can die that
way at least-!”

T> L; 1 from Marlin, who stood with crimson face and
blazing eyes, there came a mad shout. “The end—
no!” he cried. "There's still a chance for us—lo halt the
other ray—the ray on Triton's outward side!”

  The other ray! The other giant force-ray that went
from Triton’s outward side, its dark side, into the gulf
of interstellar space toward that far star in Sagittarius,
the other mighty ray that braced Triton against the great
sun-ray s pressure and that kept that sun-ray’s pressure
from hurling Triton out into the great interstellar void!
The other ray—and if it were halted—then Triton—I felt
my mind reeling as the stupendous meaning of Marlin's
mad shout came home to it! The other ray—guarded by
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

369

only a half-score of the giant moving domed forts, in-
stead of the hundred beneath us—and then Marlin’s
voice was tearing across the throbbing, rushing din to
my ears and instinctively I had obeyed his order, had
shot our space-flier forward at immense speed even as
there rushed forward beside us our five hundred and more
remaining fliers! I whirled it away from the great pit
of the giant sun-ray and over Triton’s roof at lightning
speed toward its dark side, toward the other giant ray
that reached out into interstellar space from that dark
side!

  And as we rushed thus away with reeling speed, we
heard the mighty thundering cheers of the Neptunian
millions beneath the great roof changing to wild cries of
alarm, saw the hundred great domed forts around the
sun-ray moving over Triton’s roof after us with immense
speed, themselves, gliding at utmost velocity oil around
that roof’s smooth surface after us in sudden wild alarm!
But, more slow by a little than our massed space-fliers
that split the air above Triton they dropped behind us
even as we shot forward, even as that colossal roar of
rising alarm rolled across Triton’s surface beneath the
great roof! On—on—like rushing meteors massed close
together our space-fliers flashed now, toward Triton’s
dark side around its surface, and then were whirling
around that dark side, were whirling straight toward the
colossal other beam, the giant other force-ray that stabbed
out opposite from the sun-ray, that stabbed out toward
Sagittarius’ bright star and by its pressure towards that
star kept Triton braced against the sun-ray’s outward
pressure! Marlin was shouting, screaming an order as we
flashed downward, and we caught sight for a moment of
the half-score domed forts, left as guards of this other
ray’s great pit and controls, and then like comets of metal
our fliers were thundering down upon them!

  Slender beams sprang quick to meet us from those ten
great domed forts, but though those beams drove dash-
ingly upward upon us in narrow rays of death, it was not
toward the domed forts that we were rushing, but toward
the twenty control-hoxes set in the wall of the giant pit
from which this other mighty ray issued! Through the
wildly-whirling beams that sliced the air about us we
flashed downward, and then as the pit’s walls loomed
close ahead, as beside us, almost thundered into by us,
loomed the pale, gigantic beam, we saw the out-jutting
control-boxes full before us, set around the pit’s great
wall, and the beams of our massed space-fliers were
driving thick toward them! Crash!—crash!—crash!—
and we were shouting crazily as we saw half the twenty
control-boxes smashing inward, annihilated by our first
wild rush! And then as we spun around there in the
pit, around the giant beam to annihilate the other con-
trol-boxes, the rays of the ten domed forts sweeping
insanely about us, Whitely cried out hoarsely and pointed
away across Triton's metal roof-surface toward the hun-
dred mighty shapes of the great domed forts rushing to
the defense of this other ray, rushing to annihilate us!

  “The control-boxes!” Marlin cried. “The last control-
boxesr

  And even as he cried that, even as with their utmost
immense speed the hundred colossal domed forts of metal
rushed over Triton’s metal roof to join with the out-
numbered half-score beside us, to annihilate us with
one combined mighty blast of their countless rays, our
massed space-fliers had whirled around the great pit.
around the mighty ray, and were driving toward the re-
maining control-boxes in its wall with all their weapon-

rays stabbing ahead! Crash!—crash!—and those remain-
ing control-boxes were crumpling, crashing, beneath our
rays, with but a single control-box in the wall remaining
intact in the next instant, a single one that sufficed still
to keep the gianl ray beside us going upward, outward,
though! And even as we gathered, whirled to rush upon
it also, the colossal rushing domed forts had appeared at
the pit’s edge around and above us, seeming to pause for
a split-second before their combined countless rays came
down Lo annihilate us! But in that instant, when the
giant domed forts paused above us, Randall had whirled
back the ray-switches in his hands, and from our space-
flier and from a score more around us in the same instant
there had flashed toward that last control-box a con-
verging score or more of driving rays that instantly had
crashed through and had annihilated that last control!
And as that last control-box of all the giant ray’s twenty
was thus destroyed, there came what seemed a blinding
flash of light at the great ray-mechanism far in the
mighty pit beneath us, and then the giant pale force-ray
that radiated upward and outward from that mechanism
had abruptly snapped out beside us!

  There was a pause, a silence of a single instant, a
pause in which all the universe about us seemed holding
its breath, in which our rushing space-flicrs were whirling
up out of the great pit, in which the giant domed forts at
the great pit’s edge beneath us seemed held in an en-
chantment of stupefaction. And then as our massed
space-fliers whirled thus upward over Triton’s surface,
as Marlin and Randall and Whitely stared downward,
swaying, we saw the great metal-roofed world of Triton
reeling beneath us as though from some colossal shock,
saw it rushing outward from beneath us with colossal,
unthinkable speed! Saw it rushing out with velocity
inconceivable away from the sun, away from Neptune,
away from the solar system, rushing out into the vast
void of intersteller space, hurled into the void with all the
countless millions of the Neptunians upon it, hurled into
the void out from the solar system never to return!

  Hurled into the void, we four knew even as we watched
it whirl away from beneath us, by the pressure of its
own colossal sun-ray, that continued to emanate from it!
For that giant ray which the Neptunians had directed
toward the sun had pushed back upon Triton with pres-
sure inconceivable, even as we had known, and it had
been only the other ray radiating out toward Sagittarius’
distant star that had braced Triton thus against the sun-
ray’s unthinkable outward pressure! And with our
halting of that immense other ray, with our halting of
that bracing ray, the moment that saw its connection of
bracing force or pressure broken between Triton and that
distant star saw Triton hurled out instantly by the pres-
sure of its own giant sun-ray against the sun, that awful
outward pressure breaking the moon-world loose instant-
ly from the hold of great Neptune, its parent planet, from
all the solar system, hurling it out from the solar sys-
tem’s edge into the boundless outer void forever!

  Marlin — Whitely — Randall—myself—as we reeled
there at the window watching, as our space-fliers whirled
up and outward from Triton even as it shot outward
from 1 Kincath us, we saw its gleaming sphere swiftly
diminishing as it hurtled out in the great void, saw that
it was spinning as it shot outward from the impetus of
that gigantic push, that the great sun-ray issuing from
it was whirling with its spinning now! And then as its
gleaming sphere shot out into the void away from us.
away from great Neptune behind us, away from the solar
370

AMAZING

STORIES

system’s edge, shooting out into the cold and sunless
outer void and bearing upon it all the Neptunian hordes
to death, Marlin flung out his hand toward its diminish-
ing gleaming little sphere in the black void before us,
was crying out to it as though to the Neptunian millions
upon it as it shot out, never to return.

  “You of Neptune or we of Earth!” he cried. “One
had to go to death—to doom! You fought for Neptune
and your races as we fought for Earth and the solar
system—but Earth and the solar system win!”

CHAPTER XVI

Space-Rovers

BEFORE us earth and its little moon gleamed bril-
liant in the blackness of space when our five
hundred space-fliers shot in toward them once
again, days later. Again vve four held our familiar posi-
tions in the four control-chairs of our space-flier, and
again Marlin and Randall and Whitely were gazing
forth with me as at the head of those massed space-
fliers we moved in with slowing speed. It had been for
a score of days that we had reeled back through the
solar system from Neptune, from its edge, had reeled
back from the border line of that vast void of space,
in which Triton long days before had become invisible,
hurtling out into that void forever. Past perilous Saturn,
and past mighty Jupiter, and through the dangers of the
asteroidal belt and past red Mars once more we had sped,
within us only a strange sick desire for earth once more;
that earth which we knew, would be shaken even now
with unimaginable rejoicings as its peoples saw the ac-
celeration of the sun’s spin that had menaced all our uni-
verse halted at last with the hurling forth of Triton days
before. And now, as we sped in at last toward earth, it
was in mutual silcnce that we gazed ahead.

  Once again the outlines of earth’s great continents were
coming clear to our eyes as we shot nearer, and once
again, now, we were heading toward that side of it that
lay in shade, in night, toward the North American con-
tinent. to hover out from it, over it, and then to drop down
toward it, down through the darkness of earth’s night
toward New York. Again beneath us earth’s surface was
widening ro a vast dark plain as we sank down toward
it, and then again through the darkness we had seen, be-
neath us, the gleaming lights of New York, and were
sinking lower toward them. Down—down—until New
York stretched beneath us but one colossal bed of bril-
liance, one vast mass of blazing lights above which there
flashed to and fro the innumerable brilliantly-lit aircraft
like countless shuttles of light, the giant World-Govern-
ment Building and all the colossal buildings that stretched
far away around it burning with unequalled brilliance,
and their roofs and the ways between them thronged once
more with crowds, such crowds as never yet had the
mighty city seen.

  A strange dumbness held us, as we sank slowly down-
ward with our massed space-fliers. Then, as a great
whirling light-beam from beneath caught our fliers’ de-
scending mass, held us in its glare, other beams were
swinging toward us. holding us bathed in a white flood of
light as we sank downward. And as we were discovered
thus to the vast thronged city beneath, the swarming air-
craft above it abruptly shot downward from about us,
while the great roaring voice of the city’s crowds abruptly
ceased as the city saw us. Down through a great silence,

the most tense and utter silcnce surely ever to reign in the
mighty city beneath, we dropped, our fliers separating and
falling smoothly over the crowds, over the seas of white,
upturned faces, falling through that hushed silence toward
the roofs of the great buildings beneath, our own toward
the roof of the great Worid-Government building.

  As we shot downward we saw that upon that roof
waited now for us a massed and silent crowd, as in the
streets below, that had given back to the roof’s edges to
make way for our own space-flicr and those with us to
descend. Smoothly I lessened the power of our lower
ray, ami smoothly we sank downward through the bril-
liant lights above that roof, until at last our own and the
fliers about us had come gently to rest upon it, the throb
of our generators ceasing. Then, with the same dense
silence reigning outside, Marlin slowly was opening our
space-flier’s doors, and with Whitely and Randall and me
behind him was stepping forth upon the great roof’s sur-
face, into the white brilliance of its lights. Hesitatingly,
weariedly, with the men of our other fliers gathered
now about us, we looked around. Beside us there stood,
and around us, the massed members of the World Con-
gress, with the World-President with them. Over these
silent figures we looked, a little dazedly, and out over
the superhumanly brilliant, superhumanly silent city that
stretched about us, and then up toward the great con-
stellations as though in reassurance. For they stretched
above us as before, as always, Capricorn and Sagittarius
and Scorpio and the rest, with Jupiter and Saturn and
Mars shining there, and with great Neptune, invisible
here to our eyes, and farther still than Neptune its moon-
world of Triton hurtling on toward those distant stars.
Dazedly, slowly, we looked, up and around us, while
still around us that hushed, thick silence held, and then
saw that the World-President was coming toward us.

  Across the roof he came toward us from those silent
crowds about us, his hands outstretched, his voicc un-
steady.

  “Marlin—Randall—Hunt—Whitely!” he said. And
then—“You have come back once more—back to the earth
that you and your forces have saved.”

  “We have come back,” said Marlin, his voice low,
strange. “Have come back with what remains of those
forccs.”

  And then, while the World-President and the World
Congress stood silent before us, beneath the brilliant
lights, Marlin was speaking slowly to them, was speaking
in short, halting words of our flight outward, our escape
from the great ambush at Saturn, our wild pursuit on-
ward to Neptune and the colossal battle that had ended
there with our halting of the other ray, with our hurling
of Triton and all the Neptunians on it out into the void
forever. In a hushed, strained silence the crowd before
us was listening, and as the sj>eech-apparatus beside us
took Marlin’s slow words out to all the crowds in all the
vast city about us, and beyond, they, too, were listening
in that same tense stillness. Then, when he had finished,
that stillness continued unbroken for moments.

  “Marlin—Whitely—Hunt—Randall—!” he was say-
ing, again. “There is no way in which we can tell, there
is no need for us to tell, what gratitude earth’s peoples
have now for you and for your men, who saved earth
and all the solar system from a dreadful death.”

  Marlin slowly shook his head. “That gratitude is not
for us alone who came back,” he said, “but for those
others of us who did not come back—who went to death
out there for earth.”
THE UNIVERSE WRECKERS

371

  “We of earth know that,” the World-President said,
“and our gratitude is for them as for you—our silence,
now for them as for you. Bui you who came back—you
four who dared first of all men out through the void, and
who came back to lead earth’s forces out to the terrific
struggle that saved us—is it gratitude only that earth can
give you ?”

  Marlin half-turned, his eyes meeting our own. “There
is nothing earth can give us, more,” he said, “for we have
that which never men have had before, have the space-
fliers and have now all the solar system’s worlds before
us! For to us four could be no greater gift, no greater
thing, than that—to be space-rovers once more together!”
And as Marlin’s eyes met ours, standing there on
the great building’s brilliant-lit roof with all about us the

assembled masses of the World Congress, silent, with
those other vast silent throngs in all the mighty city
around us, we were looking together upward. Marlin
with his brilliant eyes; Whitely with his calm, strong up-
turned face; Randall with a new light flaming into his
tired eyes; I with a strange new eagerness clutching at
my heart; we all were looking upward. Upward past
the brilliant lights around us toward the constellations
and toward the planets that shone among them, crimson
Mars and yellow Saturn and white Jupiter! Upward
with a sudden strange tenseness, forgetful for the mo-
ment of the hushed world around us that we had helped
to save from doom, upward across the immensities of
space where we four had roved toward the great planets
that moved there across the star-sown summer sky!

   The End

A Visit to Suari

  By A. Hyatt Verrill

   (Continued from page 305)

  “And when T told them of the form of ourselves they
shook their heads and declared it was all but a tale,
and asked where I had secured such wild and foolish
ideas. Then, angered somewhat that they should doubt
the truth of my words, I told them I was from Sonko-
Huara and how I had come to Suari. At this they but
scoffed and derided me the more, and argued that proof
of the untruth of my words lay in the fact that I was
like themselves in form, though I had said the denizens
of Sonko-Huara were unlike any forms they had ever
seen or imagined. In vain I argued and reasoned with

them, but they, being so inferior in intellect and so self-
assured that they were right, demanded that I should
give them proof. What better proof could they ask
than that I was there on Suari ? What more convincing
that I could tell them of the Sonko-IIuaran beings, of
our lives, our customs, the things we have accomplished ?

  “Yet they were not convinced, they demanded more,
and at last, out of patience and to prove I was no im-
poster, I adjusted my instruments and, before their in-
credulous eyes, vanished from their sight to materialize
once more in our beloved Sonko-Huara.”

The End.

In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal
fee of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

THE SCIENCE CORRESPONDENCE CLUB
ATLANTA BRANCH

Editor, Amazing Stories:

Many thanks for your kind favor of the 10th,
in which you state “I assure you I was gratified
in being elected an honorary member.” I can
assure you that all the members of the S.C.C.
are gratified in your acceptance, and consider it
an honor to have you associated with us.

This is your organization as well as anyone
tlse's and any suggestions which you may offer,
you can rest assured, will he actcd upon and
carried out. Yes. Dr. A. Hrdlicka and David B.
Pickering are honorary members, and in addition
there is that lovable Wm. Tyler Olcott. We are
mighty proud of our honorary ocmbers.

Now, we have organised a branch of the S.C.C.
here, known as the S. Lynn Rhorer Society of
Greater Atlanta. It is possible that you have
heard of the late Mr. Rhorer, the organizer of
the Southern Cross Observatory, Miami, Florida,

and of this branch we are more than proud, as
I think that I can say without going too far, that
we have a branch which cannot be duplicated, or
should say cannot be duplicated at the present
time. We have our telescope (we are working
on a ten-inch at the present time) over three
hundred scientific books i:i our library, both
modern and ancient books. Science Fiction maga-
zines of al! publishers, ores and rocks, which in
itself is a large collection, and in addition a
large collection of fossilized bones which I was
fortunate in collecting myself, finding them all
in the phosphate mines, a part being identified
by the American Museum of Natural History
(which reminds me: in a paper a few days ago
there was an article regarding a Mr. Williams
finding in Florida one of the teeth of a horse
which greatly exceeded in size any of this date).
We are equipping a laboratory, have a chemical

set and have regular meetings. (Please don’t get
tired as I wish to give you the whole story.)
Our meetings arc each Tuesday evening 7:30.
We operate tinder astronomical time, and Julian
dates. Mr. Olcott is an honorary member.

 Mr. Olcott in one of his letters to me stated:
 "We cannot do too much for Mr. Rhorer.” I
 do consider myself fortunate in organizing this
 branch, all live wires, deeply interested in scienco
 and fiction.

 Our program for April was this:

 Tuesday evening, April 15th, The Creation.
 The first form of life.

 Tuesday evening, April 22nd, Evolution.

 Tuesday evening, April 29th, Future.

In addition to discussions, the telescope is set
up each meeting night, provided the seeing con-
ditions are satisfactory. The lowest attendance
(Cantinurd .in pagr 373)
372

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

Atlantis Comes Forward Again
"Afukara," by Muriel Bruce. Published
by liae D. Henkle Co., Inc., New York,
$2.50.

ATLANTIS, with its many unsolved
riddles and its few meager facts,
will always remain one of the most
fascinating backgrounds for an adventure
story. A great many novels using the
subject of Atlantis as a basis have been
published, but “Mukara” stands out. Tt is
a first class fantastic adventure story and
ranks as high, it seems to me, as Herbert
Carew’s, “Vampires of the Andes,” a hook
which unfortunately appeared only in En-
gland. Miss Bruce’s book is a very palat-
able mixture of strange adventures in
strange placcs, a quest for a lost city in-
habited by descendants of the Ailantians,
winding up with the restoration of the
ancient throne of Mu to the rightful heir.
It does not seem right to tell the story,
yet the enumeration of the ingredients
which make up a tasty dish has never
spoiled my appetite for the dish itself. On
the contrary, where good material is used,
knowledge of it only furnishes additional
inducement.

An old Portuguese record fell into the
hands of Kirby, a famous explorer, who
started out to find the lost city and its
treasures. His companion is killed by
hostile Indians, but he returns to England
with the old record and a necklace com-
posed of large diamonds set in orichalcum,

the fabled metal of Atlantis. Expeditions
arc expensive. It is not feasible to sell
the diamond. Finally Van Camp, an
American newspaperman, agrees to finance
a new expedition in exchange for exclu-
sive first rights on the story. The expedi-
tion, composed of Kirby, father, and his
son Richard, Woodcock, a doctor and
chemist, and Antony Freyne, a linguist, set
out for the interior of Brazil, under the
guidance of Kirby, senior, who reveals to
them that he has met one of the lost people
on his previous trip and that he lias been
requested to return and bring three more
companions. After many adventures, fight-
ing with cannibal pygmies, transversing a
valley infested with poisonous black and
white snakes, they just manage to reach
the foothills of a magnificent chain of
mountains. Almost dying of thirst, they
are rescued in the nick of lime by emis-
saries of the lost race they are seeking.
They are carried in hammocks through
secret tunnels into Mukara, capital of the
Kingdom of Mu and having been rejuven-
ated in a veritable fountain of youth, they
meet the high priest Kado and arc admitted
to a marvelous “Taj Mahal” lile temple.
They witness the dance of the young moon,
danced by _ princesses of the royal race
and are given separate dwellings, where
servants look after their welfare.

  They meet Prince Nubti, who, fearing
that these strangers are assisting the high
priest Kado in his plot to deprive him of

his throne, tries to kill Richard, who is
brought back to life by the Mudra, a sort
of high priestess.

  They also meet the royal princesses, and
by and by unravel the plot of the high
priest, who, by marrying Richard to Ura
the hereditary princess, hopes to ascend to
the throne of Mu. Richard has to undergo
certain tests and rites and having told
Nubti that he is already married and that he
would rather help him than Kado, is given
certain instructions and a talisman which
proves effective. During the tests which
Richard has to undergo, he makes the
necessary mistakes, so that he becomes,
not the bridegroom of Ura, but a priest of
the inner circle. Kado and the Mudra, see-
ing their intrigue revealed and spoiled, de-
clare war upon the Nubti faction. Their
allies, the Amazons, gigantic and mis-
shapen women, try to take Mukara by
force, but Nubti and his well-trained army
defeat them in a bloody battle. Nubti as-
cends to the throne of his ancestors. The
four explorers have achieved large honors
helping to qucnch the revolution, but only
two can slay in order to fulfill an old
prophecy. Therefore the Kirbys return to
England. Antony, the linguist, and Wood-
cock, the doctor, remain behind; one to
study the ancient records, the other to
solve the riddle of the death ray, of the
dust of the sun, etc.

  To anyone who likes a book full of
thrills, the book “Mukara” is heartily rec-
ommended.—C. A. Brandt.

READERS’ VOTE OF PREFERENCE

Stories I like:	Stories I do not like :

Why:	Why:

 This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing what stories you like, can we please you. Fill out this coupon, or
 copy it and mail it to Amazing Stories, 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City, telling us what type of story-—interplane-
 tary, biological, psychological, archeological or other kind—you prefer.

 Also, we are very' much interested in knowing how you like our new dress and make-up. We are trying to make
 Amazing Stories a real magazine, but we need your help.

I prefer....................................................................................................

Name....................................................... City..............................................

Address..................................................... State.............................................
July, 1930

(Continued from f'age .171)
at any meeting we have had thus far was nine.

Now I an touching on a personal matter. I
am personally furnishing a club house, electric
lights, my collection of bones, telescope, and hooks
which I would not take a great sum for. (I wonder
if you have ever seen the book "The Moon," by
Naysmyth & Carpentier, the photos being lasted
in the hook?) i liave a copy o£ it.

We will cooperate with any branch cf the
S.C.C. to fullest extent; we will cooperate with
you i:i any way possible for us. We are de-
termined not to be “has beens.”

1 am a believer in psychology, have found it
to be more than just a wold; it really has a
meaning and is a science, so 1 have the boys
worked up in this manner. You can see the
type nf membership cards we use; the Saturn is
my personal letter-head mark. I am having each
member make up an individual mark tor bis
letter-head; for instance, one who is more inter*
ested in psychology, his mark is "The Thinker.”
Another electricity, his mark "Lighting,” etc.,
then in addition, his letterhead is to include the
letters of each society he belongs to.

The letter I wrote welcoming you in the S.C.C.
I was in hopes that you would print in A. S. If
you noticed (glad that you spelled the name wrong,
you spelled same Cason when it was intended to
be Eason) in the article by Raymond Palmer, he
had me listed as an astronomer in his list of valu-
able members. My letter was a sort of a throw
back to him and Dennis, as they have worked
very hard on the S.C.C.

          F. B. Eason,

Secretary S.L.R.S. oi Greater Atlanta,
400 Jefferson Avenue,

                     East Point, Georgia.
(We are greatly pleased to receive your kind
letter of April 13th. The work yon are doing
for the c!r.b shows a character that is most im-
pressive. It gives one great confidence in the

S.C.C’. to hear of the activities of your branch.
Except for the way your letter depicts your work
we might enlarge on the topic. But you have
told everything.—Editor.)

LETTERS LIKE THIS NEVER GO INTO
THE WASTE BASKET

Editor, Amazing Stories:

I’ve never written to a magazine before. I've
gotten more pleasure out of your magazine than
any other I've read so far. I read the first issue
the first day it was on the stands in San Francisco
and I’ve been a rabid Amazing Stories fan ever
since, and I probably W’i'I be until the day I die,
which 1 hope will be a long time from now. I
have no brickbats to offer, for 1 thirk your
magazine is as near perfect as it could possibly
get in so short a time. I think your new artist,
Wessu, is even better than Paul, which is going
some. I hope we get some more stories by the
author of “The Bridge of Light.” That came
near beiug the best story that has come my way.
None has even come near being as good as ‘-The
Moon Pool.” I’d like to suggest a reprint of
those two wonderful stories "The Mad Planet,''
and “The Red Dust” and as many sequels as you
can dig up.

I am, a rooter for it.

                     Donald Ilinson,

                         645 Spruce St.,

                         San Jose, Calif.
(Amazing Stories has now been running for
a number nf years. It is very pleasant in the light
of that fact to get a letter from so appreciative
a corre^Hinrient as yon are, perhaps more appre-
ciative than we deserve, telling us that you have
read it from the very- beginning. Our hopes are
that you will read many more issues of it. You
will observe that while we arc continually giving
stories by authors who have never written for
us before, that tile u!d authors such as Mr,
Verrill, Dr. Keller and Dr. Hreucr, stick to the
ship, and continue writing for us. If you could
see the number of stories which we receive from
authors, you would realize that we must go very
slow cn the idea of reprints. Any of those which
we gave in the past were far from meeting uni-
versal approval by our correspondents. The
"Discussions Columns" gives an abstract as it
were, nf what many readers think of our work,
liesides the letters we publish, there are many
others, because we have not room for everything,
■(> that the editors of this magazine arc in constant
touch with their audicnce, if we may so term
our circle of readers. You will find many stories
in future issues by the author cf "The Bridge of
Light” which was a very charming story and one
which embodied most interesting ethnology and
ari-heolngy, ihc author being a very distinguished
authority in both branches.—ESitor.)

AMAZIING STORIES

373

Let

RCA Institutes

Start you on the road to

Success in Radio

~T~\ A DIO needs you... That’s why theentire Radio

      industry is calling for trained men . .. That's
JL V why thousands of men who answered these ad-
vertisements are now earning from $2,000 and up a
year. Manufacturers, broadcasting stations, aviation
and radio are now eagerly seeking trained RCA In-
stitutes men ... Aviation and radio in the movies also
provide innumerable opportunities... Millions of sets
need servicing . . . thousands of ships require ex-
perienced operators. . . Never before was there an
opportunity like this in Radio.

This Is the Only Course Sponsored by
Radio Corporation of America

The RCA Institutes’Home Laboratory Training Course en-
ables you to learn Radio in your spare time. In only an hour
or so a day, you can obtain a thorough, practical education in
Kadio... You study right at KCA, the world's largest Radio
organization. You learn Radio by actual experience with the
remarkable outlay of apparatus given to every student.
That's why every graduate of RCA Institutes hna the ex-
perience, the ability and the confidence to hold a worthwhile
Radio job.

RCA Institutes offers four different courses. .. Here is the
instruction that you need ... A complete serviceman’s and
repairman’s technical course ... an advanced course . . .
complete course without code... and a complete courte in-
cluding code. Practical instruction with each course. These
are the courses that thoroughly teach construction, repair-
ing, service, broadcasting and ship operating.

Graduates of RCA Institutes Find It Easier
to Get Good Jobs

SEND FOR THIS FREE DOOK ... Read about these prac-
tical RCA methods of training that have prepared hundreds
of men for success in Radio. Everything you want to know
about the opportunities in radio. Forty fascinating pages,
packed with pictures and descriptions of the brilliant oppor-
tunities in this gigantic, world-wide profession. Remember
that you, too, can he successful. The man who trains today
will hold down the worthwhile Radio job of the future.

See for yourself why graduates of RCA Institutes now
occupy thousands of well-paid positions. These positions are
usually available in from 3 to 10 days after graduation for
men who can qualify. RCA Institutes will back you up to the
limit. Our catalogue is yonre, free.. .SEND FOR IT TODAY!

 Clip this Coupon NOW!

RCA

INSTITUTES, INC.

 A Division of Radio Corporation oi America

RCA institutes. Inc.

Dept. E*p. 7, 75 Varick St., New York, N. Y.

Ger.tlcr.ien: Please send me your FREE 40-page
took which illustrates the brilliant opportunities in
Radio and describes your laboratory-mcthod of in-
struction at home!

Name.........................................

Address.......................................

      State.......................................

             Occupation ............. ..............

Radio Mechanic
and Inspector
S1SOO to two
o Year

 Kroadcatt
 Operators
 11800 to WOO
 a Year
374

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

cr>cc <7^sc,ent,f,ct,on

rlUE	LIBRARY"

Complete in 6 Pocket-Size Vohufjes.

A GIFT FROM AMAZING STORIES

 This complete “SCIENTIFICTION LIBRARY” of six vol-
 umes will he shipped, prepaid, ABSOLUTELY FREE to
 everyone who promptly sends us a new, renewal or gift sub-
 scription to AMAZING STORIES at the special bargain
 price listed in the coupon below! Present subscribers may
 have their subscriptions extended from expiration.

 Thrill and

 shudder to the
 crciting adven-
 tures which be-
 fall 111* air
 vpvagers in
 “Five Wcekj
 ia s Balloon,''

 These 6 books liave been especially
 chosen by AMAZING STORIES edi-
 tors ns the most interesting works of
 those three great authors—H. G. Wells,
 Jules Verne and Edgar Allan Poe. All
 six books have been compactly printed
 in attractive pocket-siise volumes so that
 they can be conveniently read while
 (raveling. Each book contains 64 pages
 and cover, and one long novel or a num-
 ber of short stories of 11,000 words or
 more! The entire set consists of the
 following books:

A VOYAGE TO THE MOON

 That world-famous, powerfully dramatic story by
 Jules Vein© which every reader of AMAZING
 STORIES should enjoy regardless o( what sacri-
 fice might ho necessary to obtain a copy. It is
 » story that began with n wager and ended with
 three men making a miraculous interstellar voyage
 to the Moou, around it and safely back to earth I

FIVE WEEKS IN A BALLOON

An astounding talo by Jules Verne of a daring
balloon voyage across Central Africa, and the
weird adventures which befell three strange air
travelers 1 .

 TALES OF IMAGINATIVE SCIENCE

  This book contains three of the best stories ever
  written by that inimitable genius—Edgar Allan
  Poe. The stories are ‘'A Dcscent Into the Mael-
  strom"—"The Thousand-and-Second Talo el
  Scheherazade" and "Mellonla Tauta."

TALES PSYCHOLOGICAL AND
GRUESOME

  This pocket volume contains the three complete
  stories—“William Wilson"—"The Man uf the
  Crowd” and “Berenice," all by Edgnr Allan Poe.
  Hero is n diflerent type of Scientifiction. dealing
  not with ingenious mechanical contrivances, but
  with the phenomenal results of strange influence*
  upuu people's minds.

THE OBLITERATED MAN and
THE EMPIRE OF THE ANTS
Bath by H. G. Wells

  Here are the funtustic fabrications that brought
  Wells overwhelming fame. Here are thuughts no
  mortal ever dared to think before. Here ore
  stories 80 bizarre, so weird, so grucsomcly real
  that only people with nerves of steel dare read
  them after dark! Here are. in our opinion, the
  greatest short stories Wells has ever written:
  “The Empire of the Ants"—"The Cone" “The
  Remarkable Case of Davidson's Eyes"—“The
  Obliterated Man"—-"The Planner Story”—“Tho
  Red Room," and “A Vision of Judgment.”

 BUT—this is a test
 offer! We have or-
 dered only a limited
 number of these re-
 markable GIFT SETS
 and cannot guarantee
 to ship them to sub-
 scribers whose orders
 arrive late. Act Now!

Mail Coupon
TODAY!

             Send for Your FREE Complete
             “Scientifiction Library** NOW!

 Because the publishers of AMAZING STORIES MAGAZINES want you to enjoy
 the very best fiction masterpieces, in addition to those printed in the magazine itself,
 we have had these greatest stories of Wells, Poc and Jules Verne compactly printed
 in 6 convenient pocket volumes as a remarkable FREE GIFT for you!

 This complete 6-volumc “SCIENTIFICTION
 LIBRARY” will be shipped to you, prepaid,

 ENTIRELY FREE, on receipt of your order for
 an 11-months’ subscription to AMAZING
 STORIES (almost a full year) at the speciul
 reduced price of only $2.00. You get S2.75 maga-
 zine value for only S2 and the ‘'SCIENTIFIC-
 TION LIBRARY" ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT
 COST!

  AMAZING STORIES, Dept. 2107, 381 Four* Ave.. New York, N. Y.	m

Gentlemen: Please ship me ENTIRELY FREE The Complete 6 pocket	M

  „ize Volume "SCIENTIFICTION LIBRARY" postpaid by return mail	■

  and enter mv subscription to AMAZING STORIES for 11 Months at	■

  onlv S2. I save 7Se on the regular price of the magazine and get the	M

  •‘SCIENTlriCTION LIBRARY” I'RKE. I enclose SI in fall payment	J

  with the understanding that il not more than satisfied my money will be	■

promptly refunded.	0

■

Name .................................................................................................^

Address ......................................................................................................................|

City and State ..........................................................................................................J|

  Present subscriptions will he extended from expiration.
July, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

375

you pledge

  yourself to secrecy we will
  teach you the secrets of

 Real Professional
              .o

Learn to be a
Magician

 For theflrit time In the hiatory of Magic the
 age-old, sacredly guarded secretsof the Mys-
 tic Art are being revealed. Now at last you
 can learn to bea Real Professional Magician.
 Yes, and you can learn this wonderful
 art easily and Quickly AT HOME. You are
 taught the mysterious Principles by which
 the Professional Magician works. You are
 taught everything
 from wonderful im-
 promptu effects to
 massive stage illu-
 sions. But before

you can study, you
must sign the Magi-
cian't Solemn
Pledge of Secrecy.
Thia means that
you ore gelling the

Eardid secrets of
e Magic Profes-
sion. Think ol that 1

 Earn $250
 to $1000
 a Month

  There'H n bhr demand
  for Magic entertain-
  ment. Magicians get
  Mg money. Dr. Tar-
  bell gala as high as
  <260 for a half hour’a
  work. Unlimited o»-
  portunitlcg for you!

Write for Details

                      I Mail coupon now
                      I for the free Magic

 ___ I literature telling all

  about the great Tarbwll Uoure® In Magic. Get oar
  Low Prices and Eaay Payment Plan. No aalee*
  man will ever call, bother or annoy you.

 Tarbell System, Inc., Stadia B-H9
 1926 Sonnyside Are., Chicago, ID.

  Tarbell System, Inc., Studio B-119

1926 Sunnyside Avenue. Chicago. 111.

  OMttanen: Without any obligationi »end m. yoor
  free lltorataro and Information ell about your won-
  derfai "Tarbell Courso In Magic.'' Also tell mo about
  your Low Prlcea and Eaay Payment Plan.

THE UTOPIA OF THE FUTURE

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Machinery will yet civilize the world. Per-
haps some one will say: “Are we not civilized?”
No, we ate not civilized people as yet. We have
made advancement, yes. But we are just on the
outer edge of the jungle. Three hundred years
from today; perhaps, one hundred; folk of that
timo will look hack at us, and say, ‘‘Mv, my,
what barbarians.” There are two things that
science will have tu combat. First, superstition,
that old “hydra-headed monster,” that has kept
people in ignorance, and held science back a thous-
and years. Just for instance, come with me
mentally to those countries that are considered the
most superstitious. What do we find? Lack of
education—seventy or eighty per cent illiterate.
Have our inventions come from those countries?
Did the telephone, the telegraph, the t/team engine,
wireless, radio, airships, moving pictures, talking
machines, electric lights, television, come from
there? They did not. To my mind, a civilized
people are a happy people. I du not mean a
“cat on the rug” contentment. I mean that some
day there will be hustling cities from one end
of our country to the other, where every worker
will compete with every other worker for
efficiency. The machines will do it. The ma-
chines will make beautiful, wonderful highways.
The machine will bring the country close to the
towns, thereby doing away with the lonesomeness
of it. In fact, the day is not far distant when
men will have cities a thousand miles long. The
machines will bring about a great unemployment
problem. That will bring discontent and un-
happiness which will be a menace to life and
property. The intelligent classes will then form a
system of industry that will put everybody to
work. Such a system will gradually du away
With swollen fortunes and will put an end to
[•overly. Slowly, perhaps, but surely, will come
the day when there will he no rich, and no poor.
Presto 1 Science will lake leaps and hounds such
as the world has never seen before. Then inter-
planetary communication will become a fact.
People will have time, money and intelligence, to
devote to things scientific, which will he for their
happiness and comfort; and which will satisfy the
human craving for more knowledge, and greater
achievement. Wouldn't this he a glorious planet to
live on then? Machinery will bring all these
things to pass. And yet old superstition says "Come
in the bouse, Johnny, don’t look at that ox cart, if
the Lord had intended us to fly, he would have
given us wings.”

  Greed is next. Some of our rich men can
endow observatories with telescopes that would
bring the moon within a few miles of us. They
could make the first projectile that goes to the
moon. With their millions, they could make it pos-
sible for the astronomer, watching with the giant
telescope, to see the projectile as it struck the
moon’s surface. But science will go on; ruthlessly,
relentlessly—regardless of its handicap, and some-
time, somewhere in the future, earth’s inhabitants
will wake up and find themselves in the midst of
a millenium of peace and contentment, and always
with an intense desire for further advancement.

  A word about scientific ficition in Amazing
Stories Monthly and Quarterly, I’ll say Amazing
is right. Great Jupiter, Venus, Mars, Neptune,
and all the restl What a riot of imagination!
Shade of Jules Verne, Noname, and Rider Hag-
gard, if you could only come back and see what
A. Hyatt Verrill, Edmond Hamilton, and Harl
Vincent have done! I wonder if someone in the
future wil say the same about Verrill, Hamilton
and Vincent? Why not? When I was a young
man I read Verne, and Noname, for entertain-
ment, just as I now read Amazing Stories, not
even dreaming that any of it would ever comc
true.

  I will say that ray favorite stories are inter-
planetary. I like to think of the moon as having
an atmosphere about fifty feet above its surface.
Thin maybe, but dense enough to support the
lives of millions of Liliputian human beings (one
foot high) living there. Wish Vincent would get
his imagination going and write a story about the
little men and women living on the moon.

                         C. R. Lloyd,

Route 1—Box A, Phoenix City, Ala.

  (It Is pleasant again to get a letter from an
optimist. We only hope that your happy prog-
nostications will come to pass. But our own
country is not free from superstition. An astonish-
iug number of people believe in communications
from the dead, believe in the ouija board’s mani-
festations, fortune tellers and the spiritualistic
medium. Subconsciousness is at the root of some
things which are interpreted by the superstitious
as supernatural.—Editor.)

A QUANTITY OF FRIENDLY CRITICISMS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

In the December issue, I read "When Atoms
Failed,” by J. W. Campbell, Jr., and I was very
much delighted. It was one of the best stories
in the magazine. “The Creen Prism” stories I
don't care for very much, but the “Colloidal
Nemesis” was excellent. Publish more of that
kind. '‘The Twinty-first Century Limited” was
EXCELLENT. Tell Harl Vincent to keep up
his good work. Your magazine covers arc just
the kir.d I like to sec. "The Green Girl,” by
Jack Williamson, beats Jules Verne’s "Twenty
Thousand Leagues Under the Sea.” Boy, but
that’s excellent. ’‘Explorers of Callisto” and
“Callisto at War,” was excellent and more ex-
cellent. "The Ice Man” is just as good as the
"Callisto” novels. Publish more of them. You
have a great staff of writers and your illustra-
tions are excellent. I am a boy of fourteen and
a faithful reader of Amazing Stories. I have
started reading your magazine in December, 1929.
At the first story I realized it as worth more
than its cost. I believe that it could be "cold
fact tomorrow.” I have so far been unable to
get the Amazing Stories, seasonly. One thing
I don’t like is that your Discussions Department
intermingles with the advertisements so in case
anyone wanted to put them in volumes or bir.d
the magazines they could cut out the advertise-
ment part and have a good book. Keep up the
good work.

                     Huml Stepbain,

                     403 Roosevelt Ave.,
                         Syracuse, N. Y.

(Mr. Campbell puts a great deal cf thought and
study into his stories; they are really popular
treatises of scicncc topics. If you glance through
our Discussions Columns you will find that “The
Green Prism" stories have been very much liked.
Harl Vincent is a professional engineer and a
very excellent writer, and is one of our highly
esteemed contributors and wc are glad that you
like his work. Wc arc very glad to get letters
from our young readers. You must remember
that in making up a magazine there are many
things to be considered, the discussions are not
put in alternate columns with the advertisements
without a reason.—Editor.)

THE LIMITATION OF THE SIZE OF
INSECTS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

I have always been an avid seeker of wonder
tales, ransacking the public libraries in the vari-
ous cities where I have lived for this kind cf
fiction. Being an earnest student of science, any
story with a scientific slant appealed to me. I
devoured all the Jules Verne stories, also those
of II. G. Wells, for whom I have a great admira-
tion, also many other authors whose names are
not so well known. So you can imagine my
delight when I discovered Amazing Stories. I
have read all issues except the first live which I
have not been able to obtain. Not all the stories,
of course, have appealed to me. I anal>'ze them
as I read them and if I find them incompatible
with what is known in science I give them a
lower rating. All this is good exercise in think-
ing, and not the least of the advantages gained by
reading Scientifiction. I realize that not all of
your readers have had enough grounding in the
various sciences to evaluate the subject matter
of the stories. I suggest, therefore, that in each
issue you review each story and point out wherein
statements pass beyond science into pure imagina-
tion. You did that with one story and it added
greatly to the value of the story. That was “Ten
Million Miles Sunward.”

I would like to see more of the Wells stories,
for example “Men Like Gods,” a fine fourth
dimension story, also "The Food of the Cods.” I
also recommend "Darkness and Dawn,” by George
Allan England.

The best interplanetary story yet is “The Sky-
lark of Space.” The next one is “Around the
Universe,” which was relished all the more for
its humor. “The World of the Giant Ants” was
an education in entomology as well as a thriller.
So good was it that I am willing to pardon the
impossible exaggeration of the size of the insects.
Haldane in “Possible Worlds” shews why no
insect can be more than two inches thick—it
depends on circulation of air instead of circula-
tion of blood. Also weight varies as the cube of
the length. 31c states that a change in size re-
quires a change in form. There are definite limits
to size cf each kind o£ creature. It must not be
too small or too large. Gravity is the foe of
large creatures. Surface tension of liquids men
aces very small ones. A fly crawling out of
water lifts twelve times its weight. No species

S —---------------------Av*-------
pin A scenes from
good old days, by the
famous Bob Dean.

“THE HOME
BARTENDER’S
GUIDE & SONG BOOK”

Only	While They Last

(And They Won’t Last Long)

                Dedicated to the sacred memories of bygone days,
                when mixing drinks was an exact science and
                a man could drown his troubles at any corner.

Absinthe

Cocktail

CONTAINS 185 au-
thentic recipes which
will make you smack
your lips and long to live
over again the days of
your youth. You will
wish you could try them all immediately,
just as the authors once did. If the good
old days ever do come back, wc recom-
mend that you pause awhile after each
and before the next.

          Precise Recipes
■re given explaining exactly how bartend-
ers of old concocted practically every
drink known to mankind. Many forgotten
gems of purest translucent color are here
restored to the human race. Perhaps
they may yet spread their sunshine on
these dark days when the mixing of a
good drink is almost a lost art._ And what
drinks they are!! Here ore just a few:

Kiddie Kar Kocktail	Hello, Montreal

Manhattan	Harvard Cocktail

Tom Collins	Careless Love

Golden Fizz	Widow’s Kiss

Racardi Rickey	Horse's Neck

The “HOME BARTENDER'S GUIDE”
also contains dozens of fa-
mous old songs that you
will want to get right up
and sing loud and long—
especially loud and long
if you have tried a few
of the recipes. Here you
will find “Father, Dear
Father, Come Home with
Me Now,” the original
“Frankie and Johnnie"

Buy It at Your
Newsdealer’s or
Rush this Coupon
Back AT ONCE!

song, nnd many
others.

And What
Illmtratioac!

Profusely—lavishly
they crowd the
puges. “Everybody
Works But Father”

—“Don’t Hit Your
Mother, It's Mean” __ .

-“Down Where The Author,
die Wurzburgcr Flows,” and scores of
others. Truly these rare portrayals of
scenes from bygone days are the work of
a genius. So vividly will they stir your
memories, they will bring tears to your
eyes. They alone are worth a hundred
times the modest price of this complete
“HOME BARTENDER'S GUIDE.’’

Order your copy NOW—AND HIDE IT!
Even your best friends will steal itt Al-
though its publication has been kept in
strictest secrecy, news has leaked out and
already terrible crimes have been perpe-
trated to obtain advance
copies. Never has a book
been in such demand!
GET YOUR COPY
WHILE YOU CAN-
AND HIDE IT!

  Kxpenmenter Publications, Inc., Dept. 2107
  3S1 Fourth Avenue. New York. N. Y.

  Gentlemen: Ship me immediately . r...
  copies of “THE HOME BARTENDER S
  GUIDE & SONG BOOK.” I enclose 50c
  for each copy ordered.

Name

Address

City and State

AMAZING STORIES
“ONE ON THE HOUSE”

July, 1930

of animal can exist much larger or much smaller
than it now is. This rules out the Riant “Nth
Man" or the ".Vlicrocosmic Buccaneers.” The
latter lived on n world consisting of an electron
and protun, a world resembling ours with land
aud water. Was this water made up of molecules
of 11*0? And were these atoms made up of still
smaller electrons? It becomes absurd.

I tliink the greatest obstacle to interplanetary
travel is the danger of meteors. I do not share
your misgivings regarding acceleration. A rocket
ship might leave the Earth’s atmosphere at a rate
low enough to avoid undue friction with air, then
after reaching outer space, easily attain a constant
acceleration of 32 feet per second, which would
preserve the effect of normal gravity. At this
rate it would reach a .speed of 2000 feet per sec-
ond one minute later; one hour later it would
be going 23 miles per second; in 24 hours the
speed would be 552 miles per second. In 372
days it would reach the speed of light, without
the acceleration producing more than our accus-
tomed weight.

                 T. E. Arnett,

                    2940 Seminary Ave.,

Oakland, Cal.

(We hardly feci that the magazine has space
enough now for the text of its stories and for
the Correspondence Department. We wish we
could use more space for the Discussions. As it
is, we give a little note about each story at the
beginning. As our stories are fiction, we incline
to the belief if they had to be subjected to
such criticism and limitation as would be brought
tn them by such a writer as Haldane, that
the magazine would be far less interesting than it
is. Wc rather favor our writers giving extraor-
dinary things a9 long as there is a good touch
of science in all of them. Your last paragraph on
possible acceleration is extremely well put and
we recommend it to those of our readers who arc
interested in our interplanetary stories.—Editor.)

SOME CAREFUL IF UNFAVORABLE
CRITICISM

Editor, Amazing Stories:

In composing this letter, I have devoted myself
almost entirely to a criticism of your illustrations
—not that they aren't well done and give the reader
an excellent idea of the marvelous inventions,
super cities, or distant worlds which they are
supposed to portray. However, several discov-
eries that I made concerning errors on the cover
of the March issue fired ray imagination suffi-
ciently tn cause me to write down, on thi3 paper
just how many mistakes I might find throughout.
I trust you agree with my critical attitude, since
your replies to flattering letters sent to these
columns would infer as much.

The first fault in the cover is this: it is obvious
that the ceiling of water and the submersible
emerging therein show the entrance nf Sam and
Mel into the hidden world beneath the Alangar
Deep as depicted in “The Green GirL” I lielieve
that a luminous red gas was supposed tn lie
directly ber.cath the water, but your artist, either
intentionally or unintentionally, omitted iL In
addition, the ocean bottom, instead of curving
upward, would slope down towards the horizon.
Although fish are not generally considered rational
beings, it does seeiu strange that they should risk
themselves so unnecessarily by approaching the
surface, or might I say bottom of the water. It
is doubtful if the gravity repelling gas could
successfully support them in case of their falling
through.

J can not criticise the illustration of the atomic
motor, because T have no idea cf what they will
be like if the energy of the atom is ever rclcasd
by man for his own use, so we will pass that up.

Next appeared a portrayal of a huge winged
plant, every detail of which was perfect with o:ic
exception. Three knobbed appendages that were
organs of sense were described as protruding from
the flower on page 1126, but I counted as many
as five.

In the illustration of fourth dimensional Paris,
what was the meaning of those strange cubes
mixed in with the real city? At first glance, I
took them for the buildings of a city of the fourth
dimension that had chanced to be constructed on
the site of the terrestrial city. However, there
is no mention of such a place in the following
narration.

Fassing onward, we come to “The Gostak and
the Doshes,” which can also bear discussion as
pictured. The hero was supposed to imagine
himself looking down upon the campus only to
open his eyes and really find himself to be doing
so. Then, he walked down to it. Mr. Morey
seemed tc consider him standing on a higher
plane, and how in the world he would e*cr get
down is a mystery to me.
July, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

377

Since I have used a lot of spate and can think
of no other major errors, I will make no further
comment. Of course, my criticisms must seem
rather unusual, while I did not mean to throw any
mud at your artists. Mistakes of this kind can
not be helped. They are continuously duplicated
in any number of magazines all over the country.
However, I have originated an amusing game, to
me at any rate, a thing which any reader might

try.

                   P. Dow,

                   6405 Ridgewood Ave.,
Chevy Chase, Maryland
(The conception of what we may term a
blanket or sky of liquid ocean overlying a
country under the sea was an extremely difficult
thing to illustrate and there was much discussion
with our artist concerning it. Of course, the
fishes will have tn take care (if themselves, hut
if they could swim high up in the water, there is
no reason why some of them should nut be able
to swim alfout near the limiting surface. The
ocean bottom may be a valley at this particular
place, there is no idea that there has to be a
perfect spherical surface sloping away in all
directions. The fourth dimensional city of ‘Taris"
was mystified by the artist intentionally by putting
in those curious lines. The fourth dimension, as
you know, always involves the idea of geometry
and the strange cubes, as you call them, mixed in
with the real city, carry the geometrical concep-
tion into the illustration. The hero in the
"Costak ar-d the Doshcs” was in so mystical and
curious a world that we fed that Mr. Morey por-
trayed him very satisfactorily in what, of course,
in ordinary existence would be an impossible
world. We always appreciate letters of criticism
and unfavorable comments if they arc done in
as honest a spirit as yours shows.—Kditcr.)

PROMISES THEY SAY ARE LIKE PIE

CRUSTS, MADE ONLY TO BE BROKEN

Editor, Amazing Stories:

Thus far, the sturirfs have been criticized, the
covers have had their share of praise and de-
nunciation, the readers have been criticized and
the editorials have had their share of comment.
It is your turn now.

We, the readers, have been promised so many
things and received so little that 1 have decided
tu write this letter showing yon the error of your
ways (fondly, of course). Way back, when A. S.
was first on the stands, we were promised
several stories. Among them, “The Messiah of

the Cylinder,1’ “The War in the Air,.....rhe North

Pole Fire,” and many of “Dr. Hackensaw’s
Secrets.” You promised us “Station X” and,
wonder of wonders, we got it. That was the be-
ginning of the promises. Then, in that short
article "In Preparation,’' we were promised “Van-
ishing Movies,” by Teddy Holman. The story
seems to have vanished. Appropriate title.

In “The Purchase of the North Pole,” there is
mention of the giant cannon, the Columbiud, and,
in a footnote about the cannou. you promised us
the story “From the Earth to the Moon.” Four
years and nothing has been done! Ye gods and
little fishes I

The annual surprised me pleasantly: it had a
story by Edgar Rice Burroughs. “The Master
Mind of Mars” lacks only one thing: a sequel.
And then you gave us “The Land that Time
Forgot.” Yon have, at least, kept your promise
regarding the publication of Burroughs works.

And, incidentally, the annual told 11s that we
were to have a sequel to "The Face in the Abyss.”
For heaven's sake, if we arc not to get the
sequel, say so and relieve the suspense.

In the October, 1927 issue, there were three
French stories spoken about in your columns.
And you said that you had them on the list.
True, you added that it may be some time before
you would publish them but don’t you think that
enough time has passed.

In the May issue of the following: year, you
said that "we have not yet printed 'The Cirl in the
Golden Atom.’ ” I wonder how Ions that yet is
to last and, come to think of it, you have been
depriving us of Ray Cummings' stories. You
weakly say in protest that some readers do not
want reprints. Horse radish: The reprints are,
in ray opinion, better than many of your original
tales. Why haven’t you printed more of Cum-
mings’ works? You say that you have a great
list of new authors. They may be good and they
may be bad. But we know what we are getting
when we read a tale of Cummings.

Although this was not a promise, it was a
crime just the same. Many readers clamored
for "The Blind Spot.’’ And we get “The Nth
Man.” True, the latter story was a masterpiece,
but where docs it come near the former? In
addition to "The Blind Spot,” you should try

“The Man in the Moon,” “The Man from the ;
Moon," and “The Missing Mondays."

   In answer to a correspondent, you said that
we were going to have many stories by those
authors, meaning A. Merritt, Verrill and other
favorites. Let's see how you keep this promise.

                  Isidore Manzon.

                     544 Myrtle Avc.,

                     Brooklyn, New York
(While the editor is supposed to make some
comments on the very nice letters which we re-
ceive from our readers, he often has occasion lo
say "this letter speaks for itself." Certainly, if
there was ever a letter that did speak fur itself
in R very unmistakable language, it is yours.
There is no weakness in our not giving more
reprints. We cannot hut feel that the scope of
this maga?ine is rather to give new and origi:ial
matter than to reprint the old, which can be
read in any of the public libraries. You speak
of Verrill and Merritt. You certainly have re-
ceived a lot of stories by Mr. Verrill; more are
coming. He is one of our most eoostant writers.
About Merritt, we can’t say anything definite
about him yet. So remain our friend and we
are sure you will like the stories we are giving.
Some of the stories you mention are still on the
“in preparation" list.—Editor.)

A LETTER WRITTEN A FEW DAYS
BEFORE THE DISCOVERY OF THE
NEW PLANET

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I liave been reading the Discussions columns
for some time, but have never before ofTercd any
suggestions myself. Looking over your January
issue, I noticed a letter that interested me. In
this letter the writer severely criticized the story
entitled “Out of the Void” by Leslie F. Stone,
mentioning that the fictitious planet. “Abrui”
could not possibly have existed. He points out
that any planet of that size, outside the orbit of
Neptune, would exert an attraction on that planet
ar.d Uranus that would have been noticed, and
caused its discovery long before now. I would
like to substantiate the possibility of this story
by stating that such irregularities in the orbits
of the outermost planets have been recently dis-
covered by astronomers.

   To give you some idea of how your stories rate
in my estimation, I will list a few below with my
conception of their worth.

   The Green Cirl: Imaginative, but interesting.
The Conquest of the Earth: Very good. When
the Atoms Failed: Best of the lot. Fourth Di-
mensional Space Penetrator: Contains some very
good theories and was very interesting. The
Corpse that I.ived: Pointless; no plot. The Secret
Kingdom: Unscientific, but well written. Cold
Light: A story of scientific interest. The Ex-
plorers of Callisto: One of the best. The Metal
Horde: Below the author's standard. The As-
tounding Enemy (Quarterly)—One of the most
interesting stories 1 have every read; White Lily
(Quarterly)—far-fetched; incredible. Air Lines:
Contains some worthwhile ideas.

   I have mentioned practically all of the stories
I did not like while I named only a few of those
that appealed to me. I enjoy most of your inter-
planetary, psychological, and insect stories, but
can find little enthusiasm for such pointless
stories as "The Corpse that Lived”; however
this may be only a matter of taste. Fourth-
dimensional stories do not usually appeal to me
but "The Ship that Turned Aside” and "The
Fourth Dimensional Space-Penctrator” are two
exceptions. I enjoyed the latter immensely.

   I can see no impossibility in time travel. We
arc always doing so; the entire universe is speed-
ing toward the future just as surely as any object
is traveling in space. We can travel ir. any other
dimension: why not in time? The human mind
simply cannot grasp the idea; consequently, al-
though not impossible, I don’t believe it will ever
be done.

   Life on other planets has always appeared
probable to me. Why should we be so egotistical
as to believe that cur little planet is the only
inhabited one. Of course there may not be life
as we know it; it may be in a gaseous or liquid
state and not require either, water or oxygen.

                  John A. Luttrell, Jr.

                  305 South England St.,
                        Williamsburg, Va.

   (Ar.d r.ow the new planet has been discovered.
The irregularities our correspondent speaks of
have been known for some years, and the exis-
tence of the planet was predicted on them, and
the actual discovery was made a few weeks ago.
which proves once more liow careful we must be
when we say anything is impossible.

               HOW TO OBTAIN

A Better Looking Nose!

Improro your personal appearance

                My new Model 25 Noso 3hapec la
                designed to Improve the oliajin of
                the nose by remoulding the car-
                tilage and ncshy parts, safely, and

                painlessly. I'lda ia accomplished
                tliru tho vary fine and precise ml-
                jur.menCvS which only my patented
                Model 25 possesses. ltesults are
                lastlnn. Can bo worn at night, or
                during the day. Money refunded
                If not satisfied nftor thirty day^'
                trial. Write for free booklet to
                M. TRILETY

                Pioneer s’oeo Sb'iplng Specialist
                Popt. 13fl	Binghamton. N. V.

MflNEY FAR Y^l]

1 AT HOME U

 1- - U.can «m good monev in apart tamo at
 homo making display cuius. No telling or
 oannjifl. Vi iuUucI you. furniah com.

 . outfit Md ■upoly you with work.

 | Write to-day for (na booklet.

 Th. MENHENITT COMPANY Limited

2*8 Dominion Bldj.. Toronto. Out

A Career in Aviation

 Fuels. Principles of <Jaa Euicinen. Construction. Carbura-
 tlon, Ignition, Lubrication, rump*. Propellers, etc.

 You can start at cwr. Study at home In upara tlms.
 Mart and mail the coupon today!

 INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

"Tht Vnnertal Vnivcfsitv"

Box 714 l-F, Scranton, Penno.

 Without? cost or obligation on my part, tell me how I
 can qualify fur the position or in the subject be/ora whloh
 I bate marked S:

 □	AVIATION ENGINES □ OCEAN NAVIGATION

Railway Postal Clerk

$1900 to $2700 a Year

 Many Other Govammant Job.__

 •ft**-* ,* Franklin Inititute “
 f™!!?!' i. u'Oopt K-178, Rochester, N. V.
 EUutall"n orK.n~u~: -■ ........ »■* -itw

 Usually	,OC M-p.ee book w.tb II* or u. 9. G?>«ragi«i

 Sufficient	bU paid steady oajitiona obtainable. T.II

 m.ii M1M„	ra« SAiirls*. hours, dm too. rr.jalion and full

 wail coupon y oartloulftn i>a lio« to B9t it job.
 many— .

SURE 'Namo....................................

Addrens.....................................
378

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

   CEZLrLrO
   J\j\DIO

Genuine Screen Grid radio with dynamic speaker
and high grade cabinets for radio or radio-phono-
graph combinations.

Write today far free illustrated catalog of Radio
and Radio Cabinets

EXCELLO PRODUCTS CORPORATION

4832 West 16th Street
CICERO, ILLINOIS

Only 4 Motions used in playiftg this fnr.rinating
instrument. Our native Hawaiian Instructors
teach you to master them quickly. Pictures
•how how. Everything’ explained cfcarJy. .
Play In Half Hour Easy Lfts sons j®*

I You Need/

fa Learn

ELEGRAPHY

Morse or Cont/nenta/

w'th TelepTel

  Teleplex Is 111© Master
  Tcseher. Used by U. 3.
  Army. Navy and leading
  radio and telegraph Schools.
  TFrfJe for Folder E-7

TELEPLEX COMPANY
7D Cortlandt St., New York

A YOUNG LOVER OF AMAZING STORIES

Editor, Amazixg Stories:

   As this will be the last time that I shall com*
municate with your “Discussions’* Department, I
shall make this letter as clear and concise as
possible. I will comment on the magazine as a
wrholc, then on a few stories, your critics, your
art department, and the minor features of your
magazine.

   The magazine, Amazing Stories, is one of the
finest, most thought provoking, cleanest, and most
interesting magazines nn the market. I guess
that will give yon an idea of what 1 think of your
publication.

   The best stories: The finest stories you have
published, at least in my opinion, I have listed
below. They are perfcct examples of the scicn-
tifiction story. They arc clean, vivid and inter-
esting; they are full of good thought-provoking
science, they have good plots which are worked
out iu a realistic manner. Here they are:

1.	"White Lily,” by John Taine

2.	"The Other Side of the Moon,” by Edmond
   Hamilton

3.	“The Bridge of Light,” by A. Hyatt Verrill

4.	"Into the Green Prism,” by A. Hyatt Verrill

5.	“Beyond the Green Prism," by A. Hyatt
   Verrill

6.	“Locked Worlds.” by Edmond Hamilton

7.	"The Man from Space,” by L. Taylor Hansen

8.	"Ralph 124C41 Plus,” by Hugo Gernsback

9.	“Baron Munchhauscn’s Scientific Adven-
   tures,” by Hugo Gernsback

10.	"The Radio Robbery,” by Capt. S. P. Meek,
   U. S. A.

11.	"The Second Swarm,” by J. Schlosse!

12.	"The World of the Giant Ants,” by A. Hyatt
   Verrill

13.	"When the Atoms Failed,” by John W. Camp-
   bell, Jr.

1*1. "Death from the Skies,” A. Hyatt Verrill

15.	"The Secret Kingdom/’ by the Kline Bros.,
   Inc.

16.	"Microcosmic Buccaneers,” by Harl Vincent

17.	All of Dr. Keller's work

18.	All of Aladra Septama’s work

   Your critics: Once in a year, one may get
a bright idea, but not often. I don’t mind a man’s
saying he likes a story, nor do I mind a man's
saying he doesn't like a story. Hut I'll be dog-
goned if I like it when a "so-called critic,”
usually one who has never written a story or
drawn a picture himself, tears a story to pieces
and makes a fool of the author or artist or
whomever he’s criticizing.

   Your Art Department: This, to me, is the
most interesting feature of the magazine. Mr.
Wesso (or is it Wcssolowski) is doing the finest
work of any magazine illustrator I have ever
seen. lie lias a difficult job, and he does it nobly.
I can, at a lesser extent, say the same of Mr.
Morey. Don't lose either of them. Dr. Sloane!

A few minor features: I guess you’ll feel iu-
sultcd, Mr. Editor, when I call your editorials a
minor feature. But they are that, to my mind,
when compared with the stories. This docs not
mean that they are inferior. They are well
written and supply a little cold blooded science to
mix with the fantasy of the tales.

   The Discussions Department is one of the most
interesting features of the magazine. It is very
enjoyable.

   I just want to say a word about the story
entitled, "The Man frcm Space.” This is the
most beautiful story you have published yet. The
description cf the color and the beauty of the
strange world, are to me, fantastically beautiful.
There is one sentence, "I sat up and drank in
the cubistic beauty of the crystal palace ur.der
these changing rays” which will remain in my
mind forever. Think of it, Mr. Editor 1 The
beauty of the vast Unknown! The wender of
Space!

   Well, Mr. Editor, I guess I’ll sign off. I
know yon wouldn't print this letter. It’s so long.
Hut yon might manage to get it in a Quarterly.
Tn your latest one you published a letter that was
almost n story.

   i am n hoy of fourteen, as j*ou can easily see
by the vein in which this letter is written. When
1 grow up, I'm going to write a story. I am
preparing myself for it now by doing my best in
literary work and writing lo you as often as possi-
ble.

   Wei!, Dr. Sloane, I guess I’ll conclude and put
everything in one sentence—“I am in love, not
with a human, but with Amazixg Stories.

                    Robert Allen Ward,

                    544 E. 38th Street,
                    Baltimore, Maryland

Now It*s Easy to
•Get Rid of Fat!

 .Enjoy life! It’s easy to lo8C
 weight with Les-Wate Re-t
 ducing Tablets! A sure,
 safe, scientific method. You
 will begin to reduce with
 the first box. No exercise or
 dieting! You can do what-
 ever you like—oat what you
 wish—and just tako Lea-
 Watc after your meals. The
 pounds will disappear likd
 manic I Thousands have re-
 duced this easy wayl

  Send For
  Trial Box

 Try Leg-Wate! The easiest and best way to loee f&fcf
 You'll be astonished how quickly you’ll lose anJ how
 murh better yon will feel. Guaranteed to ho ahaolutely
 harmless. Money refunded if you are not deliahted. Just
 Blip a $1.00 bill In an envelope and nend for a trial box
 —enotwb to last two weeks. Don't delay. Remember,
 #1.00 will start yon toward better health, happiness and
 a beautiful figure, The most amazin* fat reducer on the
 marker- Tt. la positively guaranteed to do tho work. Two
 weeks treatment Bent by return mail, postpaid. 81,00.

LES-WATE PHARMAOAL CO.

2231 Carmen Ave, Dcpl. 52 Chicago, lUlnoia

ARE YOU BASHFUL?

 You must overcome Eashftilncss—Sclf-Cousclous-
 ness—Mental Kear—to succeed in the business and
 social world. Send 10c for the amazing booklet,

 ■	Road to Poise and Achievement." Tells how
 thousands have conquen.il bashf ulncss.

     SEYMOUR INST., D. 247

21 Clarkson Ave.	Brooklyn, N. Y.

mBOOKW

Amani and Mystify Your Friends!

 Karn money fit Clubs and Partial.
 No skill required. U'k easy. "Xli.
 Book of 1000 Wonders" toils how »nd
 teaches you nsny startling tricks of
 Mr.tic. Also contalnn a complet.

catalog. Bend 10c. tod«y.

       LYLE DOUGLAS
Station A-9	Dallas. Tmu

 Adveitisws

TOQt Dl

 ( aofl arfrlrfiw ftt
 . .ital faeto obocl Al. .—--------

dues'

Snturroiaw In-

, jQBt UlO ptio i va

______ _______________ ... fextfcooka. I

 K,h«d •cliuol. 80CM»«fnl ■nuinalefl crprv-whcrn.
 biro always wAated. WriCo today. Ho obligation.

PACE-DAVIS SCHOOL OF ADVERTISING

Dept. Ul-B. 3601 Michigan Ave., • ChiMfO, U.S.A.

QUIT TOBACCO

 Don't try to furnish unaided the hold to*
 ttacco has upon you. Thousands of lnvefc-

 vraU tobacco Win ba*a. with lb* aid of Ui«

 K»*!ey Traatmaot, round it aaay to *oit.

KEELEY TREATMENT FOR
TOBACCO HABIT

 for tobacco. Succaaiful for ovmt 60 yvara. Wrila
 THE KEELEY INSTITUTE. D.pt. L-60J, Dwight. IU.

 I POSITIVELY
 GUARANTEE
July, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

379

  (This is a letter from a young correspondent
and one who is certainly very friendly to Amaz-
ing Stobiks. He criticizes our correspondents
who speak unfavorably of the stories. But our
stories cannot please everybody and they are
proper subjects of criticism from our readers,
whom we helieve to belong to the thinking class
and are not those who read only to pass the time,
which is as bad as cutting a bole in one's pocket
to let the contents escape. We differ from you
therefore, in our judgment of our critics, most of
whom we certainly esteem, and who would guide
our steps better, if they did not have the faculty
of disagreeing with each other. We caunol close
without telling you that you write very well. But
do not be too liard on those whom our efforts
do not please. Naturally, our editorials are a
minor feature covering less than a page of the
issue. We are publishing what is emphatically
a fiction magazine, and hope to keep it such.—
Editor.)

A PLEA FOR CREDULITY

Editor, Amazing Stobies:

  I have read your repeated remarks in '‘Amaz-
ing Stories,” stating your beliefs on the im-
possibility of Space Travel with increasing wrath,
you have often heard the time-worn statement
that the people of the 18th and 19th centuries did
not believe in a great many of the mechanisms
that we possess today. The submarine came
out of the figments cf an imaginative brain. The
airplane was given birth in the minds of a group
of thinkers who exercised their imagination. Yet
it was an American scientist who proved mathe-
*naticaUy that the flying machine was an im-
possibility! You may cover a hundred sheets
with mathematical proof on the impossibility of
Space Flying and I will come back with a laugh
and say to you: "There is nothing so deceiving
as facts—unless it is figures." By which you
will see that my faith in the future of Space
Travel is supreme! The pioneer work being
made by Prof. Goddard in America, and Herrs
Vallier and Opel in Germany, shall one day bear
fruit! The possibilities are tremendous!

                         Joseph Fox,

                   2628 S. Beulah St.,
Philadelphia, Pa.
(You are perfectly right in your views about
Impossibility. You notice the heading we have
given your very interesting letter. 'lTie Ameri-
can scientist who disbelieved to thoroughly in
flying was Simon Newcomb, now dead, who
ranked as one of the leading astronomers of
the world. Again you are perfectly right, we
think, in your views that reaction, such as that
of the rocket, will have to be used if ever space
Hying is indulged in or carried out by mankind,
because in space there is no air for propellers
to woik against or upon. Editor.)

SOME CRITICISMS OF CONTINUED
STORIES AND OF ARTISTS* WORK
IN OUR ILLUSTRATIONS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  You don’t publish very many letters from
women, so I feel a little bit forward in writing
you, but I want you to know tliat I enjoy your
magazine more, I think, than any other periodi-
cal on the market.

  I read the first instalment of Jack William-
son's “Adventure into the Mangar Deep,” and
I agree with some of your critics that it’s harm-
ful to “split” n talc like that and make us wait
thirty-one long days to complete it. Some cheaper
magazines do that to insure the sale of their fol-
lowing issue, but Amazing Stories should not re-
sort to such tactics. It is so wonderful and in-
teresting, the sale of it is insured regardless. I
have never before patronized a magazine that
promised Stories and only gives half Df them. It
is due to your deeply fascinating tales that I am
still a fan. But I suffer mental torture when I
turn the page and find at the end of the column
the disappointing words: “To be Continued.”
Ugh! How I hate those three words, anyway.
To show you how very important complete sto-
ries are to the success and progress cf today's
magazines, there arc some now that print right
on their covers: “Only Complete Stories.” I
buy them in preference to the others that only
give you suspense and nervous prostration for
your quarter. Such magazines as yours are for
the purpose of change ar.d relaxation. How do
you suppose we can relax if we’re held (literally)
on pin points from month to month. And usually
it’s the prize tale of the issue that’s split.

  Now, about your artists. Some are good.
Others are rotten. The men look like ghosts, the
women like “old maids” and some of the scenes
(not diagrams) look as though they had been
sketched by an architect. Too exact. Nature is

rampant, flourishing, extravagant, not cut and
dried! I noticed in the March issue in “Lan-
terns of God,” Cicorgie seems to be standing on a
porcli (no windows evident) and yet there are vel-
vet drapes, statue and an evening gown on her in
(what seems to be, by the sky’s appearance) after-
noon. Let the writers write in the fourth dimen-
sion, but, for cryin’ out loud, ask the artists to
please stick to facts. My kid brother could
sketch better than a few of them, and playing
marbles is his occupation.

   Next to the “Green Girl,” my favorite this
 month (March) is “The Gostak and the Doshes.”
 I got a laugh (that was worth a bottle of tonic),
 where the writer (evidently) is present at the
 Fourth Dimension lecture; where the lecturer pro-
 nounces that “the Gostak distims the doshes.”
 The writer is so human in portraying his be-
 wilderment in what it’s all about, I had to scream.
 I was “there” with him, so real did he picture it.

   Now, that’s writing! Give us more of Dr.
 Miles Brener's stuff.

   To sum it all up, T have my likes and dislikes,
 my whims and disapprovals, btit Am\zing Stories
 is my favorite anyway. Being a psychologist,
 Theosophist, a student scientist and a believer
 more in what we can’t see than what we think
 wc see, it's great to know that there arc such
 booklets as yours. Let other women have their
 fashion magazines, snappy stories and household
 hints, give me something that exercises the gray
 matter and makes one think for a change.

   And I’m no laggard either. I won the Inter-
 national Beauty Contest of 1922 and seventeen
 other prizes.

   Irene (Frechette) Batz, 1625 Ilcrtel Ave.,
                           Buffalo, N. Y.

   (We have tried out a great many artists on the
 paper. Wc have now two artists who do most of
 our work, whom we consider extremely good and
 wc arc not indulgent critics either. Wc are sure
 that you will like Morey’s work and also Wesso’s.
 We cannot tell yon how pleased wc are to know
 that you liked Dr. Brener’s story about “The
 Gostak and the Doshes.” You laughed at it, you
 say, but you certainly realize that at the base of
 all the very nice, humorous presentation of his
 subject, there was almost sad sarcasm and criti-
 cism of the stupidity of mankind in carrying on
 wars. It impressed us very strongly. You will
 get more of Dr. Breuer’s “stuff,” as you call it,
 for he, we flatter ourselves, is une of our writing
 staff. Do not suppose for a moment that we do
 not like letters from women.—Editor.)

  A LETTER FROM A NEW READER

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I have just started reading your wonderful
 magazine, and perhaps it is a trifle premature
 for me to form an opinion of the stories. Yet
 from the liltle I have tasted of them, I find I
 like the contents of Amazinc Stories very much.

   The ultra-phantastic, interplanetary tales you
 publish are exceedingly thrilling, and while to
 simple souls like myself, the extramundancous
 adventures of these super super-scientists appear
 highly improbable, it is always interesting and
 entertaining, not to mention exciting and in-
 spiring. to speculate mi their possibility a thousand
 or more years bcnce. If only Jules Verne, the
 Grand Old Man of scientifiction, were alive today
 what a delight it would be to have him among
 your contributors! A. Hyatt Verrill does lay it
 on a bit thick sometimes. But so did the author
 of “Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea”
 in his times.

   Some of your stories make me feel eery, very
 small and snailfully slow—especially those in
 which the characters go soaring towards Mars in
 gigantic, bcwilderingly fast, so-many-thousand
 miles-a-second aerial vehicles. And our dear old
 earth, poor, puny thing that it isn’t, seems to
 dwindle ever so much in relation to the stagger
 ing dimensions of space.

   By the way, I do not think the name of your
 magazine sufficiently suggestive of its contents.
 Amazing Stories, without an intervening ad-
 jective, might mean many things—amazing lave
 stories, amazing crime stories, amazing war
 stories—while yours are amazing scientific stories.
 However, as many of the stories you publish in-
 volve either love or war or some other theme
 perhaps the name Amazing Stories is right after
 all! I believe the magazine could be improved
 with better paper and more and better illustrations.

   It might interest you to know that the initials
 of Amazing Stories, A. S., are the reverse of
 those of auother one of my favorite magazines,

 S.	A. Scientific American. And curionsly enough,
 the former is pure fiction, the latter pure fact!

                   Ralph Garcia,

                     San Juan, Trinidad,
                       British West Indies

y

Your own Mini

    More marvelous than the power of
 the Magician’s Wand is the power
 that can be developed in the newly dis-
 covered cosmic areas of your own
 mind.

    You can turn your mental pictures
 into living, vibrating waves of power
 that will reach other minds or attract
 to your consciousness the creative laws
 of nature which bring your mental
 images and desires into material reali-
 zation.

A FREE BOOK FOR YOU

    The Rosicrncians throughout the world for
 centuries have been the Master Minds in
 developing self-cfficiency and self-domination
 over the obstacles of life. Their secret knowl-
 edge and strange methods have made them
 admired successes everywhere.

    They are pledged to help others—just as
 you will gladly share your knowledge and
 successful experiences with others. They have
 prepared a liuok—new, fascination, instruc-
 Jive, and practical—which tells about their
 lirflrfnlmss. It is called "Tile Light of
 hgypt —the land where White Magic first
 gave man his power to be masterful. The
 coupon below will bring it to you without
 obligation if you really wish to learn these
 principles.

 Remember

  The true Rosirru-
  cians are known
  as the AMORC
  all over the world.
  One name, one
  purpose, nne ideal
  —to help mankind.

  LIBRARIAN D.X.K
  Rosicrucian Order

  SAN JOSE.CALIF.

 Free Book Coupon

 LArariuO. X. K

 Rosicruelan Order
 <AMQRC)

 San ioit, California

 Please send me, with-
 out obligation, a copy of
 “The Light of Egypt."

 Name . . ...........

Address .............

ANEASYfMApP<«

WAYTVwwNO:

'your NOSE

 Anita Kmc Adjuster
 aliases flesh ana cjlt-
 tilage — quickly,
 safely, painlessly,
 while you sleep.
 Lasting results. Gold
 Medal Winner. 78,000
 users. Write for
 FREE BOOKLET.
 Anita Institute
 749 Anita Bldg.. Newark, h. J.

Home-Study

  Business Training

 Your opportunity will never bo bigger thsn your
 preparation. Prepare now nnd reap the reward, ot
 early success. Free 64-Pase Book. Tell How. Writ*
 NOW for book you want, or mail conpon with your
 name, present position and addreaa in margin today.

 □	Higher Accountancy G Business Com:*.

 O	Moil. Salesmanship □ Credit and Collection
 G Traffic Management Correspondence
 D Rail. StationMftm't L. Modern Foremunshlp

 O	Law : Degree of LL.B. C Personnel Mgm’t

 B Commercial Law Q Expert Bookkeeping
 Industrial Mflra’t GC. P. A. Coaching
 LjBanklnAandFlnance G Business English
 n; Telegraphy	C Commercial Spanlsft

 [ Hnilnes. Mlim’t i i inactive Speaking

 □	Railway Accounting Q Stenorypy-Stenog’y

         □	Paper Salesman's Training
 LaSalle Extension Unireriilr. D.pt794-R, CUcaaS
380

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

Know the Facts

About Your Own Body!

    ARE there certain questions about your anatomy which you
 - would like to ask your doctor? Is your love-life unhappy
 because you do not clearly understand basic facts about male
 or female organisms? Have you symptoms
 of any form of affliction you do not under-
 stand? If you would like the mysteries of
 male or female anatomy lucidly explained
 and illustrated, mail the coupon below today!

The Veiled Truth
Brought Into the Light

  Physical prowess, beauty of form, grace of body, the rela-
  tion of the sexes . . . these, often veiled, constitute the
  theme for a thousand poems and novels. But the dignified
  study of the body's organs in detail is seldom available to
  the average individual, excepting in special college medical
  courses.

  Now, because they believe it is your birthright to know and
  understand the truth—because ignorance is inexcusable and
  often disastrous-—the medical staff experts of YOUR
  BODY MAGAZINE place such vital fundamental facts
  of life within easy reach of everyone in the unique new
  manual—

  TABLE OF
  PLATES

 1	Male Body

 2	Female Body

 3	Blood Circulatory
 System

 4	Muscular System
 (Posterior)

 5	Muscular System
    (Anterior)

 6	Nervous System

 7	Skeleton System

 8	Respiratory System

 9	Digestive System

 10	Alale Organs in
 Detail

 11	Female Organs in
 Detail

 12	Cross-Section of
 ^ Pregnant Female
 ■ Body with Child

ANATOMICAL
MANIKINS

MALE AND FEMALE

By Dr. David II. Keller

     This new hook show* the human body with
  each aspect of its structure in separate section,
  the exact position of all the organs, of every
  vein, artery, nerve, muscle, bone, etc.

     The book is 14 inches high and 6 inches wide.
  It contains twelve full-page color plates and
  twelve text pages illustrated with fifty photo-
  graphs and drawings.

     The color plates have been made from actual
  photographs and sliow all organs and parts of
  the human body -male and female—in great
  detail in their natural colors.

12 Plates in Actual Natural
Colors

     Opposite each plate, an explanatory text is pro-
  vided, written by Dr. Keller, and illustrated
  with photographs and drawings to explain the
  functions and other features of different organs
  of the human body.

     Anatomical Manikins is especially recom-
  mended for the use of medical students, nurses,
  art students, to lawyers for use in litigations,
  lecturers, physical culturists. hospitals, sanitar-
  iums, schools, colleges, gymnasiums, life insur*

 i»«»— Mall Coupon Today	B

 YOUR BODY MAGAZINE $25.00	■

  Dept. 2107 L, 381 4th Ave. „ , ,	I

 New York, N. Y.	v«Iue for*!	,

     Gentlemen:—Enclosed find SI. 00 plot rapresstt*	j

  <10 cents In T7. S., 20 cents In foreign countries) In	Z

  full payment for a copy of ANATOMICAL MANX-	!

  KINS. (Money will bo promptly refunded if you are	■

 cot aetiefled.)	I

IMnu ...........................

 City and State ...................

    But every man and woman should own a copy
 of Anatomical Manikins, for effective knowledge
 of his or her own physical 5elf!

    All married persons should own a copy 90 that
 thev may have an exact knowledge and proper
 understanding of the opposite sex and thus be
 better equipped to make iheir mutual love-life
 happy.

    It ia of inestimable value to the prospective
 mother, because of the information it pro-
 vides on the essential anatomical facts of
 pregnancy, etc.

Usual Cost $25
Now Only $1 the Copy

    The publishers of YOUR BODY have made
 it possible for everyone to own a copy of this
 valuable book. Books of this kind, when bought
 through the regular medical supply establish-
 ments, cost anywhere from $15.00 to $25.00 a
 copy. Our book, equally valuable, with twelve
 laige plates of the human body—all in full color,
 each with an accompanying page of text profusely
 illustrated—can be bought for the low price of—

Only $X per Copy—Money
Back If Not Satisfied

    Don't let "false modesty'* rob you of your
 birthright! Don’t live in ignorancc and risk
 wrecking your own happiness. Understand
 the greatest farces of life. Know the human
 body—male and female—as heretofore only
 privileged medical students have been able
 to know it!

    If you would like to examine this book.
 Just mail the coupon and copy will be ex-
 pressed to you immediately. Under our
 guarantee you risk not one penny. So send
 for your copy nowl

(The editors feel it a compliment and a pleas-
ure to be awarded a new Tender and so apprecia-
tive a one as you are. Don’t mind if our authors
•‘lay it on thick," as you express ir. The old
time authors of marvelous events certainly didn’t
lay it on halt as thick as the .scientists of today
arc doing in their wonderful developments. It
may he a difficult thing tu appreciate immensity,
but on the other hand, it is not easy to realize
what an insignificant body in the celestial world
this earth of ours is. and of what inconceivably
microscopic dimensions man is himself, the lerd
of it all. We think you are the first who has
discovered the relations of the initials oi Amaz-
ISO Stories and its very interesting contemporary.
—Editor.)

"HATS OFF TO AMAZING STORIES”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

Hats olT to Auazikg Storifs, the pioneer in
scientifiction and one of the eight (more or less)
best magazines in .irint! If you, dear editor,
expect many brickbats in this letter, you are
going to be agreeably disappointed. If the first
sentence is any indicatiun, yon shouldn't expect
them as I couldn't throw yon ary large one*,
conscientiously, if I tried. Leave the magazine
as is.

Congratulations on publishing John Taine's
latest story "White Lily” in your Winter Quar-
terly. 1 wish ycu would also publish or reprint
all the rest of his stories, past, present and fu-
ture, especially "The Purple Sapphire,” “The
Gold Tooth," and "The Greatest Adventure."
Pirate print these if you can. either ia the
Quarterly or the monthly, and give oi! of them
cover illustrations. They deserve it if they are
half as good as "White Lily,” which should have
had one, certainly. This is the nearest I can
come to a brickbat!

A few more suggestions for reprints are the
following, ar.d please give each cne a cover illus-
tration:

"Through '.he Dragon Glass,” by A. Merritt;
"The Life Everlasting," by Marie Corelli; el!
of FiU-James O’Brien’s stories you have not re-
printed as yet; to my knowledge you have only
published that wonderful story, “The Diamond
Lens,” by him.

In answer to one letter you stated that the
sequel to "The Face in the Abyss,” by A. Merritt
would not come very soon. Do you know how
soon? Will it come at all? If it will come some-
time, it will be well worth waiting for (there is
no doubt about that), but will it come at all and
will you have it? Can ycu tell me about when
you will have it? Please answer these quetsions
as I am very much interested in this story as
I am in everything by A. Merritt, truly the most
marvelous author, beyond doubt, in the world, in
my opinion, at least. Is that his real name, and
is he French?

I admit this letter is rather long, but if you
don't want to print it all, just priut parts that
might be of interest and cut out the rest; other-
wise it is a contribution for the proverbial waste
basket.

                Worth K. Bryant.

                   406 North Third St.,
                          Yakima, Wash.

("White Lily” has not pleased everybody.
Opinion was very much divided. We are pub-
lishing your letter in hopes that Mr. Merritt will
see it and take the bint from one who is evidently
an admirer cf his work, and give us another
story. As regards reprints- rl:csc we have almost
abandoned; tiiose. which we have given, seemed
always to have evoked a considerable amount of
unfavorable criticism from our readers.— Editor.)

A CONTRIBUTION FROM SCOTLAND

Editor, Amazing Stories:

I had given me a copy of Amazing Stories,
and was most interested in saiue and amazed at
the imagination of some cf your writers. There
is nothing approaching your paper published in
Britain today. Needless to say, I buy a copy
r.ow when the chance comes along.

A. E. Walton,
Westerlea, Cupar, Scotland

(We appreciate your expressions of apprecia-
tion; naturally it is pleasant to hear from Scot-
land, and to know that Amazing Stories is rer-d
there and is liked. The Atlas Publishing and Dis-
tributing Co.. 18 Bride I.are, Fleet. E. C. 4 Lon-
don are one of our distributing agents and can put
you in the way of procuring copies.—Editor.)
 July, 1930

 BEWARE OF THE SMALL RUPTURE

                         That “Doesn’t
                         Bother Much”

jg/it as a feather

Ids Rupture L

             A If Ohio Scientist lias developed an
  amoiluj; new feather-light device
  that positively locks rupture, yet lies
  soft as a bnhy'H velvet palm! Eomoulds Itself
  with every movement: Breathes in air to the rnj>-
  tnro throiiBh countless tiny pores—lets healing
  blood circulate! Cruel trusses ran now lie thrown
  away! The little •‘Millloualr," actually so liuht
  it floats, lets Inisa victim "live again" : to couch,
  sneete, lie active once more. You can't imagine
  the relief aud comfort! You must see this new
  way to end truss torture. _	_ ,

     FBi:E Sample*—and 10 Day*’ Trial
  The Inventor Is now giving away OO.OOU free
  f-amples of his amasiug Airtex. He Is also offering
  his Efficiency Model on 10 Days’ Trial By Actual
  Wear. Send name and address without obligation.
  Act now for rupture relief. New Sctenco Institute,
  1473 Clay St., Steubenville, Ohio,

  CHICAGO BLOTTED
  OUT OF EXISTENCE!

  All life in Chicago, and then In Philadelphia,
  was blotted out in an hour by a plague. New
  York was threatened with immediate destruc-
  tion, and the authorities, from the President
  down, were helpless to combat the threat
  menace. This powerful story of a bacteriolo-
  gist's lust for power and the exciting fight to
  wave civilization constitutes the theme of
  THE DEATH LORD by Edmond Hamilton—
  one of the greatest stories of science ever
  written. This and other scientific stories ap-
  pear in the July issue of—

Weird lilies

‘3*eVxiav*11aqazwe

MAKE BIG MONEYI

Juit out. ZJiMi can Imuutly with-
out ipirki or a«me. Sell* It*. wllilllro
wherever cn ll uied. ReUill for 115c.

MYSTERY GAS LIBHTER

Individual eardi with

Desk AS-7, New Method Bldg.. Bradford. Pa.

    iVrite for Information About the NEW

  H-F-L MASTERTONE

    Laboratory-Made Receiver
    The year’s outstanding Radio Achievement

 “Dependable ‘B’ Battery Power”

  For long and short wave receivers. Priccs
  reasonable. Also “B” Batteries operating
  from 32 to 110 volt D. C. farm lighting systems.

AMAZING STORIES

THE EARTH IS NOT VET
’’AUSGESPIELT”

  Editor, Amazing Stories;

  Since I first saw yuur magazine, and il was one
  of Ihe very first numbers, I haven’t missed an
  issue, generally obtain il at the newsstand, but
  lately, to be sure of not missing any, have become
  a subscriber, and expect to remain one, as long as
  you keep up present standard, and 1 am able to
  spare Ihe small coin.

  Years ago when X Grst read Verne, “From
  Earth to Moon," 1 thought it must be the limit
  of imagination. Today jour space-flying trips
  seem lame, even though you may reach the Milky
  Way, not to mention backyard excursions to Nep-
  tune or Jupiter.

  Why is not the whole galaxy a unit? A small
  duster of atoms circulating around a central
  body, and why is not this body, in turn, a speck,
  circulating around some larger body, and so on
  infinitumf

  Why then, do your authors bother about play-
  ing in the home yard all the time? Is it because
  the speed u£ light is the fattest method of travel
  that their imagination has reached?

  Could they not go just a little ways out in
  space. Annihilate gravitation, remain fixed in
  Siuce, and just watch the stars as they go speed-
  ing liy.

  Why should it be so difficult to actually view
  past events? Just invent a telescope, powerful
  enough. Then, go far enough out in space, but of
  course it would have to beat light in pace. Then
  look back. We see the sun, for instance, as it
  looked eight minutes ago, we see stars as they
  looked, centuries ago.

  You cannot say: “impossible" because you
  admit that word has been eliminated, anil rightly
  so, from your vocabulary.

  I almost think 1 have enjoyed those stories
  from the microscopic worlds more than anything
  else, and surely they must be Gospel Truth in
  comparison with the fourth dimensional stories.

  But by all means keep on. Space, for instance,
  has no limit and you have barely taken the first
  step into it. A Rider Haggard could not very well
  have written the "She’' or "King Solomon’s
  Mines" at this date, when Ihe situs would hardly
  have been available. Old Terra is practically
  ousatlpUlt now for such stage settings, but your
  field has no limitation.

                    A. O. Ueland,

                            Ilaistad, Minn.

  (Wc have any number of interplanetary stories
  accepted and you wdl find as we publish them,
  that in some cases the authors let their subjects
  go pretty far into space. It is a very curious
  thought that on some of the distant stars, if they
  have a good lelescope they might now be looking
  at the Baltle of Waterloo or witnessing the great
  initial epochs of the American Revolution, such
  as the little Battle of Lexington, or the greater
  one of Bunker Ilill. You must not be too hard
  on the days o£ “terra" as you call our period.
  There is lots that is new, lots that is astonishing
  yet to be evolved by mankind on this earthy
  sphere oi ours. It is not "played out." (Aus
  gespielt.) Wonders are being done by our sci-
  entism without their going out into space. If
  you like the stories from the microscopic world
  and feel that ihe microscopic world gives Ihe
  basis for stories, then certainly the great sphere
  that we live on shou'd furnish material for much
  entertaining writing.—Editor.)

331

   Write for our free interesting booklet.
   Sec Jay Bnttery Co., Dll Brook Ave., N. Y. C.

  SCIENTISTS ARK NOT MURDERERS

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

   Have read two issues of your magazine and
  found several interesting stories. I think Lcmkin
  spoiled "Vitamine Z" by the ending. The idea
  of the doctor’s copious notes not revealing his
  methods is preposterous. A fire t' -it destroyed
  them would be a more appropriate finis. “The
  Man from Space" is enjoyable because Hansen
  avoids what most authors of interplanetary stories
  commit: warfare. Scientists arc not murderers.

                        W. C. Benedict,

                            Canton, Penna.
  (Scientists generally pursue a peaceful course
  oi life, although the famous Webster murder in
  Cambridge, Mass., which occurred many years
  ago, was an exception—perhaps proving the rule.
  One of the greatest of the scientists of the present
  day refused to aid by his knowledge of chemistry,
  the fighting nations in the World War. But
  Science killed a lot of people in that war. The
  famous “Paris Gun," bombarding Paris from a
  distance of seventy-five miles and sending its
  projectiles twenty-four miles above the surface
  of the earth, approaching the vacuum of space,
  was a true scientific triumph, even if its principal
  achievement was the killing of innocent non-
  combatants—women and children.—Editor.)

FREE

               To introduce the latest Hol-
  lywood Fad we offer a beau-
  tiful album artistically
  -■bound in a handsome gold-
  embossed cover—absolutely FREE OF
  CHARGE to anyone sending in an order
  at once for a set oi twenty cabinet size
  autographed portraits of the most famous
  motion picture stars.

 GET RIGHT IN ON THIS EXCIT-
 ING HOLLYWOOD FAD. Just pin a
 single dollar bill to this coupon. DO
 IT NOW!

STAR AND STUDIO PICTURE CORPORATION
27 W. 20th St.

Department—A-7—Now York. N. Y.

    Gentlemen: Enclosed please find One Dollar <51.001
  for a *tL of 20 portraits Post Paid and one album. It
  is unoerstood that the album Is sent to me absolutely
  froo of charge.

Name ...............................................

(Print Plainly)

 Your money cheerfully refunded if not absolutely satisfied.
 Reference: Mechanics National Bank, Bayonne, i\e*v
 Jersey. Send stamps, check, money order, or dollar with
 order.

. _ FREE!

      7 Boys! Hen‘1 the mat Navy model Alnhip Larw
      / 6-loot air b»i? with inflntoru. parachute with auto*
      f matic release and complete instructions for flying-.
      Will fly for mileB at height of 1000 f«*t. Great
      chance to study aerial nnvigntlnn. Send namo and

      for thh» Mrrico wo will loud tbit woodwful AireW with
      fall taatructioiM frw*.

      C. M. THOMAS, 337W. Madison St.. 7-K-22, Chicago

i FREE BOOKS of
BUSINESS HELPS

 Books

  G Commercial Art
  1

 Automobiles
 Battery Work
 Electricity
 Carpentry
 Building

  ! Lettering
  Advertising

  □	Sign Making

  □	Radio

  □	Aviation

  □	Painting

  □	Silk Screen Process

  and many other subjects. All fully described In cur
  FREE CATALOG. Check the subjects in which you are
  Interested and writa teday.

  FREDERICK 1. DRAKE S CO., Publishers
  Room 510—171 No. Mtehipn Blvd., Chicigo

  Drake booka are (or sale in all book stores
382

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

THIS SECRET SERVICE BOOK

• \ -m m Actual Crime Cases

I \	If You Act Quick I-Wo will

m v«i	eend joa postpaid and FREE for 80

%	dayp reading—tbia Btirrlus, BrlupI.iK book

  on Crime Detection. 8em»t Service and Identifica-
tion Work. Written by outstanding authority. You fol-
low the operator straight thrnngh an ho anravela some
of the moet bailllruf caaea that haveevor confronted oili-
cIaIs. Nothing Hko It over before. Sond no money. The
book fomaa to you postpaid for SO daro froo reading. Then, It
TOO decido to keep it. o«nd ra» only *1.00. If not. return It.
Ihat'e Ml. WBIT* TODAY—boforo tMs Offer la withdrawn.

I.G. Cub, Bod Pegt g.119 1920Smii»feAw.,CMcn»,m.

gOU-O STECliLTl CO,

Dm. H-335

220 E. 3rd Sl .Cuwli, 0.

AccMtant

gBgygaagJttfg. ^.fernSiiBrwe P.

Leant Public

RADIO BARGAINS

Low Power Transmitter adaptable for plioao or.

rode. With plug-in coils .....................$14.75

Short Wave Sets, onn tubo complete with fl coil«.

14 to 500 meters ............................ 6.45

B Eliminator, Bono Dry with 280 tubo. ISO loltf,
will operate up to ten tubo set, fully guaranteed. 6.75

ABC power packs ............................ 8.75

Power and Filament Transformers .............. 4.00

Tubes: UX typo, 30-ilay replacement guarantee. No. .210.

mm

I tttftae

6Blli All Shipped

AUTO FRFE SSttB®®*351®-

BOOKS *" WnSwf American Technical Society
Dopt. A-B 25. Dronol at 58th SLroet, Chivaso, Ulinuit.

•para time. AI no

iing picturoD. Prepare quickly durinc

Band at onoa for fraa L_____ __

Pbotmgraphy, and full partieula

c0pu»«.«Mci£5S%rPHOTO6RShp,?U«i..

ANOTHER ADMIRER OF DR. BREUER’S
STORY OF THE GOSTAK AND THE
DOSHES

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   During the past few months you have published
several stories that have served to revive my
weakening interest in your publication. I there-
fore voice my appreciation ill the hope that it
may have some small influence on the publica-
tion of similar stories ir. the future.

   I wish to mention first of all Doctor Brcuer’s
“The Gostak and the Dos lies." It is a tale of the
first rank—one of the best that I have read in
Amazing Stories for a long time. I have always
enjoyed Breuer, hut he is even better than usual
iu this story. As a fitting tribute to him I might
say that he is a scientist with literary ability—
two Qualities rarely combined in your authors.

   Then as a fairly close second tlieie is G, P.
Werlenbaker. The two by him, “The Chamber
of Life," and “The Ship that Turned Aside”
are both very good stories.

   And last, there was Taine’s “White Lily" in
the Quarterly. Not so much science in it. but
Tainc at least knows how to write entertain-
ingly.

               Burris Cunningham,

                     Springer. New Mexico
(We hope that you have read in the Discussion
Column the various opinions about Dr. Brcuer’s
quite wonderful story. Its ethics and sarcasm
apply pitifully well to poor, fighting humanity in
our own world. Dr. Breuer is. as you say, a
remarkable man possessing the capability of
writing, one of the rarest of qualities, ill addition,
of course, to his high scientific standing. We
are glad to hear you liked “White Lily.” It
was an extremely good story, although it did
not have as much science iu it as it might have
had.—Editor.)

ANOTHER CALL FOR "THE SKYLARK
OF SPACE”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   I am a high school student anil am planning to
be a Physicist, so naturally I read Amazing
Stories ami the Science and Invention every
month.

   Now* for the Criticism. I notice that your
magazine has improved in the last few months.
Although yon lost nn excellent artist when you
lost Paul, I think yon will be able to stand up
under the loss. The cover is all right except for
one thing and that is the name. 1 don’t like to
have people wonder why I read such trash as the
Amazing Stories.

Hurry up with the sequel to “The Skylark of
Space” which, by the way, was a masterpiece.

   There’s a question I want to ask. In the
“Airlords of Han" it stated, if I remember cor-
rectly, that these people came to the earth or. a
meteor. I've wondered how they could accomplish
that feat.

   f think thar your three best authors beyon-l n
doubt are: Harl Vincent, A. Hyatt Verrill, and
David H. Keller, M.D.

                     William Pardee,

                     21)7 E. Allegan St.,
                        Otsego, Michigan

   (We now are using principally the work of
two artists, Wesso and Morey, and we believe
that they are very hard to surpass. We canuot
tell you haw to travel on a meteor.—Editor.)

A RAPID FIRE CURSER IN THE STORY
"RHYTHM”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   1 have just purchased the April edition of “our”
magazine and the cover IS GREAT! Let’s have
mare like it.

   Mr. Cloukey's “Rhythm” is a master piece I It
was exceedingly interesting and I found but one
mistake in it. Mr. Cloukey says that von iler Konz
listened to the “rhythmic toy” for three hours,
during which he mentally cursed Calvroun three
trillion times. This is quite impossible; it would
take a person nhnut six hundred and three billion,
nine hundred and twenty-two million, two hundred
and forty-two thousand one hundred and ninety-
nine hours (683,922,242,19!)) to curse a person
that many times 1

                  Forrest Ackerman,

                        531) Staple Ave.,

                     San Francisco, Calif.

   (You can do things mentally which you cannot
da in actual life. So the expression you refer
to must be taken as strictly metaphorical, a
metaphor being a comparison with the sign of
the comparison omitted. The author might have
said “as if" three trillion times, which would
make it a comparison.—Editor.)

A VERY INTERESTING AND OUTSPOKEN
LETTER FROM LONDON

Editor, Amazing Stories:

I have just finished reading your January, 1930,
edition and it seems to me that in this particular
issue there are a great number of extremely
questionable points that need pointing to.

Take the first story “Fourth Dimensional Space
Peiielrator.” Now at the time that the magnitude
meter revolved harmoniously to the tunc of nearly
12,001) diameters, the Doctor opened a valve and
allowed free fresh air to enter the room! Now
surely this is rather a weak method of ventilating
the space. In thc-first place the sphere is then in
a vial of hydrogen—so where is the pure air
(oxygen and nitrogen) coming from? Secondly—
their size is so small that they are able to see a
near-by atom. How is it that large chunks of
hydrogen—or even to give the author his point—
pure air did not come barging in through the
valve? Again, wc are to assume that each atom of
the hydrogen represents a solar system, so at that
particular juncture the sphere was out in inter-
planetary space. Surely even in a microscopic
solar system there is the same void—or relative
void as in outer ipacel I atn afraid that the
above is very badly put, but perhaps you sec my
meaning.

Now when the electron had increased to the
size of a golf ball, the machine was accelerated to
catch up on the electron. Now the electron was
revolving once every 10 seconds—why chase ic ?—
why not cut into its orbit and wait for it to come
round—surely quicker in the long run? Now
here comes the big bump—the pcnctrator is travel-
ing quicker than light 11 The Doctor and Perkins
are rather bucked at proving Einstein's theories
correct, but yet they fall down on this one point.
Sure our author has overstepped this time!

Well, sir, I have tried to make my points as
clear as possible, maybe your authors or corre-
spondents may be able to throw light on some of
the above. Anyhow it seems to me that these
stories of micro-cosmic states are rather making
fools of your readers. They provide good read-
ing, I admit, but there is one point that I cannot
quite get over. When at school I was always
given to understand that the definition of an atom
is the smallest possible particle oi matter, which
cannot be broken up into any smaller particles of
the some matter. What I mean is that a single
alom of—say iron—could not be broken up into
ten (may I coin a v.ord?) deci-atonis of iron. I
have always understood that if one were to break
up an atom, all one would get would be charges
or quantities of electricity and an alom of an
element of lower atomic weight. In this connection
we can turn to radium which discharges electvicity
or rays of energy of some type or other and slowly
reduces to lead. Now surely if people (as an ex-
ample) can live o:i an electron of an atom they
themselves must be composed or built up on
smaller atoms—which seems to me to be decidedly
paradoxical. Take the definition of a point in
geometry—a point is that which has no magnitude
— merely location or place. One might as well be
asked to bisect a point. Surely in this connection
of micro-cosmic worlds fresh words are necessary
as the various authors are basing their whole plots
and arguments on absurdities. The whole thing
is rather like the old verse. “Big fleas have little
fleas upon their backs to bite 'em—and so ad
infinitum."

Now after all that, I think a few words of
praise would not go amiss—I met A. S. jusl a
year ago, and personally my choice goes to the
following- “Barton’s Island"—a good piece of
imaginative fiction; “The Chamber of Life," very
interesting and enthralling besides being rather
well written; the “World at Bay” and “Armaged-
don—2419, A.D." The story “The Flying Fool”
although obviously absurd is all the same a human
sort nf story and rather depicts the ordinary man
with his scientific learnings. Personally I consider
your generally worst issue is June, 1929—half of
the reading matter is Jules Verne’s relatively un-
interesting “English at the North Pole.” “The
Beetle Kvpcrimcnt” is the best, but rather poor,
“The Radio Tdcscope" is pointless, and the other
small fry, well not up to much. Mind you, subse-
quent issues have made up for this rather disap-
pointing issue.

In the July, 1929 issue the "Super-Perfect
Bride" is rather a good yarn with an unusual
ending a love story admitted and one without
much seiencc, but nevertheless worthy of a place
in the magazine.

Please, Mr. Editor, cut down the number of
serials—serials are O. K. in a weekly but tend
rather to become disjointed in a monthly, especially
a serial like “The Secret Kingdom,” most of
which 1 freely admit having skipped. This story
July, 1930

AMAZING STORIES

383

would lie more in place in a travel magazine than
in a scientific fiction magazine.

   However, let me end by congratulating you on
some very fine stories in the past and expressing a
hope for good stuff in the future and a bigger
magazine—at least, same size but smaller type—
your type size and spacing are rather wasteful,
you know.

   Well anyhow, here’s how and best wishes for
success increasing by geometrical progression.

                    George J. Stamper,

98 Ravensbourne Rd., London, S. E. 6, England

   (Wc are aCraid that stories involving the
fourth dimension may be termed a little more
picturesque than plausible or even accurate. . . .
We publish your letter hopiug that the author,
whom you criticize, will read it. But fourth
dimensional stories and stories in which people
change their size and go into other worlds of
diminutive volume cannot be taken as true by
anybody. So we sec no danger of such stories
making fools of our readers. Your criticism of
“The Flying Foci" is of interest because Dr.
Keller adds a charm through his narrations by
introducing human nature. You repeat in your
own words what so many correspondents have
told us: that the magazine is improving. We arc
fortunate now* in having some very good artists
on our staff as you will recognize in our illustra-
tions. A new author, who is a distinguished
chemist, is going to submit his manuscripts to us
and perhaps we will get some valuable material
there, for it is not easy to write a good story
based on what has bccomc, within the last few
years, a very difficult subject, namely, modern

chemistry'.—Editor.)

THE ROCKET IN VACUO

Editor, Amazing Storiks:

   1 have just read "Explorers of Callisto.”
Upon reading discussions 1 noticcd the letter of
Mr. K, M. Hoskinson, pertaining to the recoil, I
am moved to state that 1 have experimented along
lines similar to his own experiments and have ob-
tained results as he states.

   Since there must be some medium nr something
tangible for a rocket blast to strike to produce
movement, I fail to understand how a rocket dis-
charge could produce such movement in a practical
void.

   As he, Mr. Haskinson, states, the Cutts compen-
sator redirects the gas blast and produces instead
of backward Ihrast n forward thrust sufficient,
nearly, to offset the effect of recoil, which the
bullet itself produces. And in my opinion, this just
about proves to me that air is a necessity to the
production of recoil.

   However, even as Mr. Hoskinson slates, I am
not blind to the light and if anyone can offer deh-
uite proof I am willing to he convinced of my own
and of Mr. Haskinson's error.

                         J. Stickney,

105 W. Maynard, Ave., Columbus, Ohio.

   (You are mistaken in stating that the gas from
a rocket must have something to push against.
It is purely a case of action and reaction, which
according to Newton’s law, must be equal and
opposite. The gas from the rocket goes in one
dilection-—and that is action. 'Hie effect upon the
rocket is lu push it in the other direction, and
that is the reaction. Both are precisely the same
ill a vacuum as iu air except in the matter of
degree. The rocket will be driven better and faster
in a vacuum lhan in the air. Professor Goddard
has had occasion to bring out this fact in some
of his writings.—Ediior.)

CORRECTION OF A WIDESPREAD
FALLACY

Editor, Amazing Stories:

   As a mere recent adherent of your excellent
and stimulating periodical, I feci I need not add
to the scores of laudatory letters you must receive
from satisfied readers.

   My purpose in writing is to correct, through
your “Discussions” columns, a generally believed
fallacy.

   I have often been asked whether the "Lusitania”
of tragic memories is floating about, a ghostly
derelicf, beneath the waves of the Atlantic. All
buoyancy factors bulkheads, woodwork, etc.—
being assumed, rorrcctly, to be either removed or
fully counterbalanced by the pressure of the
w'ater and the mass of iron, let me assure such
believers that the vessel lies at the bc:tora of the
ocean, however deep it may be at that point.
Let us consider a piece of iron. No one doubts
that it will sink to the bottom of the pond, say 100
ft. deep. The pressure due to the head of water
is almut 43.5 lbs. per square inch. At 1000 ft. it
would be 4.15 lbs. and so on. But fome people
imagine that the depth of, say, 5 miles, as the

It Seemed So Strange
to Hear Her Play

We Knew She Had Never Taken

a Lesson from a Teacher

TIIAT night of the party when she said,
“Well, folks, I’ll entertain you with some
selections from Grieg"—we thought she was
joking. But she actually did get up and seat
herself at the piano.

   Everyone laughed. I was sorry for her. But
suddenly the loom was hushed.

   She played “Anitra’s Dance”—played it with
such soul fire that everyone swayed forward,
tense, listening. When the last glorious chord
vanished like an echo, we were astonished—and
contrite. “How did you do it?” “We can’t be-
lieve vcti never had a teacherlM

   “Well." she laughed, “I just got tired of being
left out of things, and I decided to do something
that would make me popular. I couldn’t afford
______________.pacher :

lot ot practice

U. S. School of Music
course in my spare ^
time.

"Ifa as easy a* A B C.

I began playing almost
from thn ?’an, arc! right
music. Now I can
play any piece—classical
or jazz."

 Pick Your Course

 Violin

 Clarinet

 Flute

 Saxophom

 Harp

Aeeordlon
Votee and Sptech Culture
Harmony and Composition
Drums and Traps
Automatic Finger Control
Banlo (Plectrum,
5-S»rini or Teoor)

Booklet FREE

Too, too. can nuiritly
leach yourself lo heroine
an acrompluhed tuuaician
rirht r.t home. To proto
that jou can. let us send
you our Booklet and telu-
bhltt Demonstration Lca-
sun FREE.

 2027 Brunswick Bldg., New York City
 Send me your amazing free book, "Music Lessons in
 Tour Own Homo." with Introduction hy Dr. Frank Crane,
 also Free Demonstration Lc&aon. This doea not put mo
 under any obligation.

Name ...............................................

AOdress .............................................

                          Have you

Instrument .......................this inst. ?..........

OPPORTUNITY AD- LETS

  These columns will appear monthly in Amazing Stories

   Rate—Eight cents a_ word. Cash should accompany all advertisements unless placed by an
   accredited advertising agency. Advertisements for less tbau 10 words not accepted.

  EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc., 381 Fourth Ave., New York City

AGENTS WANTED

  me MONEY AND FAST SALES. EVERY
OWNER buys Gold Initials for his auto. You
charge SI.50; make $i.45. Ten orders daily easy.
Write for particulars and free sample. American
Monogram Co.. Dept. 333, Knst Orange, N. J.

  YOU ARE WANTED TO RESILVER
MIRRORS AT HOME. Profitable business plat-
ing autoparts, tableware, etc. Write fur informa-
tion. SPKINKLK. Plater, f*15 Marian, Indiana.

   IK YOU WANT to gel your groceries and
household supplies at wholesale, and a wonderful
chance to make $15 profit a day besides, send
me your name immediately. No experience
necessary. New Ford Sedan free lo producers.
AUiKRT MILLS, 4958 MONMOUTH, CIN-

CIXXATI. O._

_ASTROLOGY_

  MADAME MYSTRRA answers your ques-
tions through the Mystic Crystal 25c. Your per-
sona! horoscope 50c; send birthdate. Mystery
Photo of ideal mate 25c. A. Box 89, Coney Island
Station. Brooklyn. V.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

Clarr

   FREE BOOK. Start Little Mail Order Busi-
ness. Hadwil, 5a-74 Cort’.andt Street. N. Y.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

   Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged.
Money-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses

bought.) Lee Mountaio. Pisgah, Alabama._

_DETECTIVES_

   Detectives. Work home or travel. Experience
unnecessary. Particulars free. Write George
Wagner. 2190 Broadway. N. Y._

AVIATION	I?!?

Information JT XV JCi Ju

Send us your name and address for lull Information re-
garding the Aviation and Airplane business. Find out
about the many groat opportunities now open and how we
prepare you at home, during spare time, to qualify. Our
new book .“Opportunities In the Airplane Industry” also
sent tree if you answer at once.

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION

Dent. 142-0 3601 Michlgu AM.	CHICAGO

EDUCATIONAL

  1 SKI) HOME STUDY COURSES Bought
and Sold. Splendid Variety. Bargain Prices.
Catalog Free. Economy Educator Service, J. 112
East i»Ui Street, New York.

HELP WANTED—INSTRUCTION

  DETECTIVES Earn Big Money. Experience
unnecessary. Write, American Detective System,
2190K Broadway, N. Y.

PERSONAL

 THE GYPSY FORTUNE TELLER AND
DREAM BOOK 12c. National Co., 230V-PJ,
Lawrence, Toledo, Obio.

  TALKIE AND MOVIE PRODUCERS are
clamoring for new short story ideas, plots, etc.
Perhaps von can write one dial we can shape
and sell for you. One writer (V. M.) received
$3,000. New York best market. Write for full
particulars. Daniel O’Malley Company, Suite B,
1/76 Broadway, New York.

PRINTING OUTFITS AND SUPPLIES

  Complete printing outfits, presses, type, ink,
 paper supplies. Write for catalog. Kelsey Co.,
 G-67, Meriden, Conn.

SONGWRITERS

  SONG l’OEM WRITERS: “Rear’ Proposi-
ti., n. Hihbler, D-191, 3104 N. Keystone. Chicago.

  COMPOSERS—VERSE OR MUSIC. Bril-
liant opportunity. Write at once. Van Bure:t,
2050 McClnrg Mldg., Chicago.

  SOMETHING DIFFERENT
     No Flint. No Friction
     MAKE UP TO

$40 A DAY

 Showing My My*lery Lighter to
 Men. What Makes It TJghfc?
 All Guaranteed. No Flint ox Friction.
 New PrliicIn2c of Tsr.Itlon Sample
 With Sales Plan l!3c. Samide Quid or
 Silver Plated, $1.00. Agents writ© for
 proposition.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.
A.S.-7, Ura M.tbyJ Eldj., Bradford, P«.
384

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1930

“Another $10 Raise!"

“Wht, that’s the thircl increase I’ve had in a yca-I
It shows what special training will do for a man.”
Every mail brings letters from some of the thou-
sands o: students oi the International Correspondents
Schools, telling of advancements non through spare-
timo study.

How much longer arc you going to wait before
taking the steo tnat is bound to bring you more
money? Isn’t it better to start now than to wait for
yeai-s and [hen realize whit the delay has cost you?

On* hour after supper each nlcht spent with the I. c. S.
In your Dwa home Kill prepare you far the position you
w^tnt Without cost, without obligation, marls and mail thU
coupon. Da U rluni nowl

INTERNATIONAL ^RRES^nTeJTcT^HOOLs"*

“The Cnv;crtal L'nitertiW
Box 7140-F. Scranton, Penna.

Without cost or obligation on my part, pleaso send mo
ft copy of your 48-page booklet. "Who Wins and Why."
Bnrt tell me how I can qualify for the position, or in tl*
subject, he/oro which I huvs markod an X:

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

□	Architect
Architectural Draftsman
Rtillriln; Forr>rnan
Concreto Uuliilor
Contractor nnd Builder
Structural Draftsman
Htructural Entrlnt’er
JSloctrical Enfilnear

_.TC!«etrlcal Contractor

□	Klectrlc Wirlwr
iWoctrJ" Llehrlng

Mectrlc Car Running
Tolccraph Engineer
IVlophono Work
Mochtinlcal Engineer

Pattern maker
01 HI Engineer

.SuTToylr? nr.rt Mapping

 I Automobile Work
 I Avlatlui: Enulnea
 11'lumber and Stenm Flttof
 I PlumblnK Inspector
 I Foreman Plumber
 Healing and Yenlllallou
 I .Sh*et-Metal Worker
 I Steam EnKinter

1 Chemistry
I Pharmacy

        _ jlr.eer
JNavlgallun □ Assayer
I Iron ar.d Qteel Worker
ITexU'.D Orurseer or Supt.

) Cotton Manufacturing
I Woolen Manufacturing
J A^rlculture □ Frult Orowing

BUSINESS TRA'NING COURSES

JRu9!ueB3 Management	T

Indujtrlel Management	£

J Personnel Manairoment.	,,

JTraffle Manajcment	f

J Account In« aud C. P. A.	I
. Coaching

JC jst Accnuntlng	I

JPpanlah □ French
j .Salesmanship
j Advertising

Nun*....-...........-........

Street

Adiraii......».................

iRuiilr.i-.is Corrospondanca
J Show Card and Sign
, Lettering:

J Stenography and Typing
1 English
J Civil Service
lRullwiy Mnll Clerk
3Mall Carrier
I Gracia Srhool Subjects
jlllch School Snl>ject«

H Illustrating Q Cartooning
J Lumber Dealer

City.............................

.......State...................................

Oooupstlon...........................................................................

If vou resido in Canada, tend this coupon to the
Intirnational Voirttzcn^enc? Uohoolt Canadian, Limited,
Montreal, C'rMada

LEARN f/ieBANJO/oW
under Harry Reser

the Worlds GreatestBanjoist

Tlie Famous Leader
of the Widely Broadcasted
CLICQUOT CLUB ESKIMOS

ofTwa an am»i)ng]/ aim pie Bttnjo Course by m»;i

Kiieh anyone <m mi«f« ot homo in a few spara
wa. PonitloM finc«:nc and chorda *h«ourhlv
«ll-«lxat*d and emlainfj. SV.dent* and Pro'w-
aiooala b*ar*.:ly eodtwaa «hl* umtboU. Coat* only
tow oauU ■ tjay. 8pBci»! Banjos for Biud*uta.

A« h0BWBESr”(TmL^7!Sd,Ift-h!f?n>IEYth« ban*

E'»y«r hu many friend*. Alaa. tha bnnjo •« c*>*n-
ul >ti Us» daaco or«b*»lr» of '.oday.	riako

hi* man#. Le»rn mor* •bo; t Ibia >r.«*n*nair«
ooufMbnd th« opyoTtunltir- in ban» Dlavinr
Sonet for My FREE ILlUSTnATED BOOKLET

HARRY RESER, Banjo Studio No. 32
148 West SEth Stre.t, Ne» York, N. Y.

Horry Reser

radio enter-
tainer, paono-
ftrsph artist.
Tenor Banjo
teacher, or-
ehfstra leader,
componor or
banlo music.

pressure is atout 5 tons to the aq. in., this
enormous pressure actually supports a piece of
iron. They forget that pressure acts evenly on
Ci cry poir.t of the piece of iron anil the pressure
acting upwards is neulialized by thul acting
down.

The question of “floating" lioils down to this:
can the water at, say 5 mile;' depth, be so com-
pressed by enormous pressure that its density
equals that of iron, which has a density of about S
grains per c.c.?

The coefficient of compressibility of water is
about 0.000047 per atmosphere, that is, per about
IS lbs. per sq, inch, increase in pressure, giving
the density of the water at 5 miles depth as about
O.03S gm/cc„ which is nnwherc near the 8
gm/cc. required for equilibrium. Consequently,
the piecc cf iron sinks to the bottom of the ocean.

                        John S. Boyd,

The University, C.lnsgow, Scotland

(We are glad to publish this clear statement
about the flotation of objects in water. The
law, so well expressed by our correspondent, has
one very important application in the handling of
submarines. They have to be "nursed" along to
maintain an even depth of immersion.—Editoe.)

THE FOURTH DIMENSION. CAN THE
SUN BE BLUE?

Editor, Amazing SrontEs:

This is my first letter to Ihe "Discussions”
Department. I have never read any stories in the
past issues of Amazing Stories which excell the
stories of the January issue, "Into the Green
Prism" is a good story but it dnes nor contain
very many scientific facts. "The Sword and the
Atcpen" is a very good .-.lory, but the stories which
excelled them were the "Fourth Dimensional Space
l'enctrator’’ and “When the Atoms Failed.” The
explanation of Ihe fourth dimension in the former
is very simple, although the material that the walls
were made from, was not described. “When the
Atoms Failed” is chock-full of new facts, and
scientific humor. The author mentions the fact
that the sun is blue, due to the intense heat.
But in my opinion the light should be yellow, due
to the millions of tons oi calcium and sodium in
an incandescent state which should impan a
yellow color to the light. If a particle of any
sodium salt is inserted into an electric arc, the
arc will appear to be yellow. I would also like
to know how the Martian ships were observed olT
in space if there wasn’t any ionized air below it.

                        Carmine Gallo,

108 Village Road, Brooklyn, N. Y.

(Mr. Vcrrill’s stories contain more ethnological
and similar science topics than those of other
writers, and these are well within the scope of
Amazing Stories. Whether your views about
the color of the sky are correct or not is opeu to
discussion. The spectrum of the sun is that of
white light, elements in the uucleus, etc., only
go to give the Fraunhofer lines crossing the spec-
trum. We cannot answer for the Martian ships.—

ESitor.)	_

    OUR COVER ILLUSTRATIONS
Editor, Amazing Storiss;

I think the cover of the March edition was
most unique. For a time it had me guessing what
it was about. Who was the artist who made
this? I can find no name on it. I also think
your January cover was excellent.

The February's was all right, but the other two
were more dignified. As for your artists, they
are all good, but I think Wesso rates first Morey
has some good illustrations for stories, hut some
I do not like, e.g., the illustration for “The Gos-
tak and the Doshcs.” But those for “Callisto at
War” are excellent.

Your stories were all good in the March issue.
Part one of “The Green Girl” was very interest-
ing, and I hope the second part is as good. “The
Ship that Turned Aside” was very givjd also.

As to your authors, they are all very good.
Jack Williamson, A. H. Verrill, and Harl Vin-
cent, I think Ihe best, but some of your new one3
ore right next to them. What happened to Stanton
Coblentz?

“Discussions” are very interesting. They are
the first thing I turn to, after I find what the
cover is about.

                        Edward Ahrend,
                        Jamaica, New York

(The cover of the March issue was the work
of the artist Morey. It was a difiicult subject and
elicited considerable discussion, while ir. the
making. Mr. Cobler.tz has stories in the Spring
Quarterly and in the May Amazing Stories. Wc
are glad that you like Discussions—there is
much life iu ihem and we like them too in spite
of brickbats. "Skylark Three” is coming now.—
F.BITOR.1

Earn «3,##
An Hour

in Spare Time!

RIGHT in your own ^
neighborhood there ia WQ
a pleasant, profitable,
ready-made business awaiting
you. A business that will
bring you immediate cash re-
wards—that you can build up
in spare time—and that re-
quires no capital or experi-
ence!

Office and factory workers,
students, teachers, store
clerks, people in every walk
of life are finding our easy
money-making plan an ever
abundant source of funds.

This type of business has enabled
hundreds to build their own homes,
swell their family incomes, buy auto-
mobiles and secure the luxuries they
have always wanted.

If you are earning; less than $3.00
an hour now, clip and mail the cou-
pon below today and let us show you
how you may make your leisure time
bring that much, and possibly even
more!

 Immediate Big Profits!

Your profits start just as soon as you
do. Within 10 minutes after you re-
ceive our plan you can turn idle
moments into good hard cash! And
never again need a day pas* that
does not see more money added to
your bank account.

If you feel at all interested—send the
coupon below. It costs only a 2c
stamp, but may lead to a substantial
income. We’re so sure you will find
our plan immensely profitable that
we supply everything you need free
of charge. Every day you delay is
a money-making opportunity lost, so

r~MaU this Coupon NOWt u

I Mackinnon-Fly Publications, Inc. W
1 Dept. 2107-W, 381 Fourth At*.

| New York, N. Y.

Without obligation to me, pi.as. send

 | Name ..
 . Addrcs.

I

■	your eaay spare-time monoy-makiuf	B
plan immediately.

................i

................i

^Clly and State......................

TRUSS USERS

Learn how to close the rupture opening, so
the rupture can’t come down. Get a Ten
Day Teat o£ Ihe herbal muscle-tonic
“Plapao”, and 48 pngc illustrated book
describing the effective home treatment
nsftd by satisfied thousands without delay
from work. Awarded Gold Medal, Home,
Grand Prix, Paris, and other proofs of
merit. You can make this test which
started many others on the road to better
health without cost—FREE. Write TO-
DAY to Plapao Co., 875 Stuart Building.
Saint Louis, Missouri.
               I Let F. H.Schnell and R.T.I.

              I Advisory Board Help You

               f Mr. ScLnell. Chief of the R. T. T.

               ■	RtfifT. Ib one of the ablest and best
               I kaown radiomen in America. Jfehad
               I twenty year; of Radio rxprrlrnco-

               1	First to establish two way amateur

               I	cominunlcutiaa with Europe. Former
               Traffic Manager or American Radio
               Relay Leas in;. Lieutenant Cuinm;milf*r
               oftheU.S. X. R. inventor nnd designer
               of Radio apparatus. Consultant Engi-
               neer ro inrge Radio manufiiotui'ers.

               Assisting him is I lie R.T. I. AUvlaory
               Rnnril. composed of men prominent In
               the itadlo lnciustry.

          [ Is Now Radio Engineer Through
                    R. T. I. Training

           Today T am able to class my«elf hh u Undlo
          Engineer along with the lenders, and this Is all
          due to tin* help of R. T. 1. I have been able to
          handle efficiently every radio problem with which
          Ihave come In contact. I cannot say too much in
          praise r*f R..T I .and any no;- n deslr'.ne to Improve
          nlmseircan do not hlns better than tindout what
          this Institution hiia to offer, nnd pet started with
          their training.-—il. K. S \tterfielt>. Chief Radio
          Engineer. Western Air Express, Amarillo. Tesas.

         RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE

          Dopt./3-B, 4806 St. Anthony Ct., Chicago

Rrai w R.T. I.QUALIFIES YOU TO MAKE MONEY AND ITS SERVICE KEEPS YOU UP-TO-THE-MINUTE » m «
  • M.9 1* ON THE NEWEST DEVELOPMENTS IN RADIO. TELEVISION, AND TALKING PICTURES

RADIO & TELEVISION INSTITUTE
Dept. 78-11 480G St. Anthony Court, Chicago
Send mo Free and prepaid your BIG BOOK
“Tune In On Big Pay” and full details of your
three-in-one Home Training (without obligating
me in any way).

UP OUICK TO \ BIG MONEY JOn THROUGH R. T. I. training in Broadcasting. SaleB. Serv-
ire, Manufacturing, Repairing. Sblpand station Operation, Installing. In business for yourself.

«	» R.T. I. TRAINS YOU AT HOME FOR A GOOD JOB OR A PROFITABLE I

K. .1 . J .	PART TIME OR FULL TIME BUSINESS OF YOUR OWN	■
to

Amazingly Easy Way
get into ELECTRICITY

           Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job. Now. .. and
forever . . . say good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a week. Let me show you how
to Qualify for jobs leading to salaries of §50, $60 and up, a week, in Electricity

to quam
-NOT
IN THE GREAT COYNE SHOPS. You become a practical expert in 90 days!
Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

 by correspondence, but by an amazing way to teach, RIGHT HERE
 GREAT COYNE SHOPS. You become a prad"

Learn Without Cessons in QQdaYS

 By Actual Work-in the Great Shops of Coyne

 Lack of experience—ape, or ad-
 vanced education bars no one,

  I don' t care if you don' t know
  an armature from an air
  brake—I don’t expect you
  to! I don’t care if you're
  16 yearsold or 48— it makes
  no difference! Don'tie I luck
  of money stop you. Mostof
  the men at Coyne have no
  more money than you have.

 Railroad Fare
 Allowed

  I will allow your railroad
  fare to Chicago, and if you
  shouldneedpart-timework
  I'll assist, you to it. Then,
  in 12 brief weeks, in the
  great roaring shops of
  Coyne, I train you as you
  never dreamed you could
  be trained on a gigantic
  outlay of electrical appa-
  ratus . .. costing hundreds
  of thousands of dollars
  dynamos, engines, power plants,
  autos, switchboards, transmitting
  stations . . . everything from door-
  bells to farm power and lighting
  . . . full-sized ... in full operation
  every day!

 NoBooks-NoPrmtedLessons

  No books, no baffling charts ... all
  real actual work . . . right here in
  the greatCoyne school . . . building

COYNE

 500 S. Paulina Street

Prepare for Jobs
Like These

ploymrat service.

 Armature Expert, to S100 a Wk.
 Substation Operator

           a Week ami up
 Auto Electrician illD n Week
 Inventor	. Unlimited

Muiutanance Enyineer

           np to $150 a Week
 Service Station Owrier

up to n Week

Radio Expert up to Sl«i « Week

   real batteries . . . winding real
       armatures, operating real mo-
       tors, dynamos and generators,
       wiring houses, etc., etc.
       That's a glimpse of how
       we makeyou a master prac-
       tical electrician in 90 days,
       teae.hingyoufar more than
       the average ordinary elec-
       trician ever knows and fit-
       ting you to step into jobs
       leading to big pay immedi-
       etely after graduation.
       Here, in this world-famous
       Parent school—and no-
       where else in the world —
       can you get this training!

    Jobs-Pay-Future

       Dont’ worry about a job,
       Coyne training settles the
       job question for life. De-
       mand for Coyne men often
       exceeds the supply. Our

real

NowinOur
New Home

 employment bureau gives you a lifetime
 service. Two weeks after graduation,
 Clyde P. Hart got a position aselectrician
 for the Great Western Railroad at over $10'J
 a week. That’s not unusual. We cun point
 to Coyne men making up to$600 a month.
 $60 a week is only the beginning of your op-
 portunity. You can go into radio, battery,
 or automotive electrical business for your-
 self and make up to $15,000 a year.

GET THE FACTS

  Coyne is your one great chance to gel into
  electricity. Every obstacle is removed.
  This school is 30 years old—Coyne train-
  ingis tested—proven beyond all doubt—en-
  dorsed by many large electrical concerns.
  You can find out everything absolutely
  free. Simply mail the coupon and let me
  send you the big, free Coyne book of 160
  photographs. . . facts.. . jobs. .. salaries

  ... upKMjrtunitieB. Tell* you how
  nmr.yeurn ex penyeswhilt! train-
  ing and how wna.sHintourp-rnd-
  uatea in the field. This does not
  obligate you. So act at once.

  Just mail coupon.

 Get This
 FREE Booli

ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

H. C. LEWIS, Pres. Established 1899

Dept. BO-Z7 - Chicago, Illinois

Mr. H. G. LEWIS, Preaident

COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Dept. BO-27
500 8. Paulina St., Chicago, 111.

Dear Mr T.pwIb:

Without obligation send meyour bic: free catalog and
all details of Railroad Fare to Chicago. Free Employ-
ment Service. Radio. Aviation Electricity, and Auto-
motive Courses, and how I can "earn while learning.'*

Name ............................................