MARCH 1014	PRICE,25 CENTS*

I	•

SCRIBNERS
1 MAGAZINE

$

I

  PUBLISHED MONTHLY
  WITH ILLUSTRATIONS

CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS NEW YORK

SSMS^HI) 597-599 FIFTH AVE. NEW YORK - CONSTABLE V COMPANY LIMITED LONDON
R -- - - - ■ p                                  
  HM' A                                         
  WMfflW P\ Pf^                                 
  f;Pjf tS 1                                    
  j I |1H) ! are appreciated wherever           
  I1 | \^ j • Fashion is supreme. Supple,       
  , / l;i S loW'bust styles are now the         
  J w\ ! vogue, and a Redfern ere-              
  r - ' m • ates t*ie beautiful, natural        
  ^ W, i lines for these charming cur-          
  / 1 Ji ') . i • rent Fashions"-supporting     
  j j II the ^ figure with delightful           
R Copyright 1014 by Tbe Wuver Brctfcera Company 

Vol. LV. No. 3

MARCH 1914

                                  ms§

SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE

             CONTENTS

jfe

Sgg

 «vs-

v

 THE GLADE. From a painting by Walter Launt Palmer
 (accompanying The Field of Art), reproduced in tint

BREAKING INTO THE MOVIES

 Illustrations from :he “ Soldiers of Fortune" films,
 and from photographs made especially for Sckiunek’s

    Magazine.

 FrontispUit

Richard Harding Davis

EXPERIENCE........Gordon Hall Gerould .

    Illustrations by James Montgomery Flagg.

 275

 293

IN THE HIGH HILLS. Poem ....

WITH THE NAVY.—1Three Paintings by .
   Reproduced in colors.

TOUGOURT (North Africa and hie Deserij

THE GHOST ON THE STAIRS ....

THE FETE OF M'SIEUR BOB ....
  Illustrations by Philip R. Goodwin.

SARDIS AND THE AMERICAN EXCAVA-
  TIONS ........

    Illustrations from photographs by members of the
    Expedition.

Maxwell Struthers Burt
Henry Reuterdalil

G. E. Wood berry .

Mrs. W. K. Clifford .
Mary R. S. Andrews .

Howard Crosby Butler

 343

THE STUFF THAT DREAMS ARE MADE ON Gerald Chittenden

    Illustration by Victor C. Anderson.

MY FIRST YEARS AS A FRENCHWOMAN . Mary King Waddington
III.—M. WAddington as Prime Minister (1879).

Illustrations from photographs and drawings.

THE BRAVEST SON

Illustrations by N. C. Wyeth.

Mary Synon .

CORMAC O'BRIEN, PIPER.....Amanda Mathews

Illustration by F. C. Yohn.

REPRIEVE. Poem

Charlotte Wilson

THE POINT OF VIEW—Washington's Birthday Reminiscence: "The Mount

             Vernon Ladies' Association" and Its Founder; Its Administration—On Oracles 399

THE FIELD OF ART—The Appeal of the Winter Landscape,	//inis,>11.)

Illustrated ............	. ^03

Copyright, 1914. by Charles Scribner's Sons. All fights rtnrveJ. Entered at New York Post-Office as Second-Class Mail Matter.
Entered as Second-Class Matter at the Post-Office Department, Ottawa, Canada.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY. PRICE. 25 CENTS A NUMBER: $3.00 A YEAR
MARCH SCRIBNER’S

Special Color Features:

   LEADERS OF FASHION . Special Color Insert
         The Pierce-Arrow Motor Car Co.

              Pages 36-1 to 36-4

   FIFTH AVENUE SECTION . . . Color Insert

              Pages 44a. 44b

VOGUE............Color Insert

             Pages 52b and 53

  ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA Color Insert

              Pages 17. 18. 19. 20

  Building— Furnishing

Page

Amer. Telephone & Telegraph Co. 41
Bissell Carpet Swteper Co. ... 51
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co. . 74

E. S. Child—Stucco biousee . . . 48

Clinton Wire ClotH Co.....52

Grand Rapids Furniture ....	37

Stewart Hartshorn—Shade Rollers	46

McCray Refrigerator Co. ...	50

J. L. Mott Iron Works ....	49

National Fireproofing Co. ...	47

Ostermoor Mattresses ....	50

Pyrene Fire Extinguisher ...	72

Reed & Barton.......51

Tiffany & Co........3

Trenton Potteries......40	Appliances and Stationery

       Garden	Eaton, Crane & Pike.....75

Bobbink & Atkins—Seeds ... 48 L. & C. Hardtmuth—Koh-i-noor 58
W. Atlee Burpee & Co.—Seeds . 46 L. E. Waterman Co. . . . 4th Cover

Food Products

Walter Baker & Cs., Ltd. . 4th Cover Postum.......4th Cover

Buffalo Lithia Springs Water Co. . 5$	Royal Baking Powder Co. . 4th Cover

Cresca Imported Delicacies . . 54	Shredded Wheat .... 3d Cover

Evans’ Ale........55 White House Coffee.....54

Genesee Pure Focd Co.—Jell-O . 43

Schools and Colleges, pages 26 to 31

 Davey Tree Expert Co. . .
 Henry A. Dreer—Seeds . .
 B. H. Farr—Hardy Plants .
 David Herbert & Son—Seeds
 F. H. Horsford—Seeds . .

       Musical Instruments
 Melville Clark Piano Co. . .
 Columbia Graphophone Co.. .
 Lyon & Healy—Pianos . . .
 Victor Talking Machine Co.

For announcement of the April number see pages 6 and 7
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

3

Jewelers

 Silversmiths

Stationers

  Tl FFANY & CO.

 Fifth Avenue &371Street
 New York

  Correspondence Invited
  The Tiffany Blue Book

   WILL BE SENT UPON REQUEST

In answering advertisements please mention SCR/BNER’S MAGAZINE
IXi^t7f$9»&7tiZ<7S$fa$''7SiS'9**'?*8'7lR9*W<S!W*«W*M>*W4S'~i'74&’MWil

Index to Advertisements, March, 1914—continued
T ravel—Resorts—T ours

Page	Page

Althouse Tours.......62	North German Lloyd.....67

Atlas Line........67	Northern Pacific Railway ...	70

Frank C. Clark Tours .... 62	Paine Tours........62

Thos. Cook & Son—Tours ... 62	Raymond & Whitcomb Co.—Tours	62

Delta Tours........62	Southern Pacific Steamship Co. .	69

De Potter Tours......62	Temple Tours.......62

Hamburg-American Line ... 63	Where-To-Go Bureau ....	68

Foreign Resorts and Hotels

Aix-les-Bains.......64	Hotel d'Europe, Venice ....	65

Bad-Nauheim in the Taunus . . 65	Hotel Lotti, Paris......66

Bavarian Tourist Office, Munich . 64	Hotel Wagram, Paris.....66

Elysee Palace Hotel, Paris ... 66	Nassau Hotel, Wiesbaden ...	65

Hotel Astoria.......66	Royal Hotel, San Remo ....	64

Hotel Beau-Rivage, Lucerne . . 64	Royal Hungarian State Railways .	64

Hotel d’Angleterre, Bad Nauheim 65	Swiss Federal Railways ....	69

Hotel de Crillon, Paris .... 66	Wiesbaden, Rhine......65

Books, Magazines, Etc.

All Outdoors........52	G. & C. Merriam Co......15

American Magazine.....12	Frank A. Munsey Co.....16

Arts and Decoration.....44	National Sportsman.....56

Century Co.........8	Outdoor World ft. Recreation .	58

Cosmopolitan.......2od	Reilly & Britton Co......13

Craftsman........58	St. Nicholas Magazine ....	70

Dodd, Mead & Co.—The Bookman 10	Scribner Book News .... 22-25

Doubleday, Page & Co. . . 20b, 20c	Scribner Bookstore.....21

Dramatic Publishing Co. ... 56	Scribner Bound Volumes ...	14

Harper & Bros........9	Scribner’s Magazine Agency . .	70

Houghton Mifflin Co......11	Scribner’s Magazine Notes . . 33,34

McBride, Nast & Co......20a

Miscellaneous

iEtna Life Insurance Co. ... 32	Redfern Corsets . . . .2d Cover

W. F. & J. Barnes—Lathes. . . 56	Romances of Modern Business 60,61

Cluett, Peabody & Co.....38	TJ. S. Playing Card Co.....57

V. J. Evans—Patents .... 56	Vapo-Cresolene Co......59

Evinrude Motor Co......57	Vinol..........59

Goerz American Optical .... 57

Hamilton Watrh......52a	Propr,clary Art.cles

Howard Watch.......42	Cuticura Soap.......59

Locomobile Co. of America ... 35	Ivory Soap........76

Mullins Steel Boats.....56	Listerine.........56

Munn & Co.—Patents .... 56	Pears Soap........36

Schools and Colleges, pages 26 to 31

For announcement of the April number see pages 6 and 7
SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

5

Theodore Roosevelt
the Naturalist

         M If “A hunt in a new wilderness
         I means a great deal more to Col.

               I Roosevelt than shooting its crea-
                 -UJ tures and collecting trophies for
                 his hall and library. He is not as
                 bloodthirsty as he is painted; the
                 naturalist is stronger in him than
                 the Nimrod and he feels the spell
                 of scenery and atmospheric effects
                 as few men do. He has hunted
                 the birds with a camera, and he
                 knows the trees and the flowers
                 as an accomplished amateur. In
                 his current writings he devotes
                 much more space to these things
                 than to the incidents of the chase.

                   In this last outing he saw, as usual,
                   all that was beautiful in the flora
                   of the country, and he noted every
                   bird that came within his range of
                   vision.”—New York Sun.

  On page 6 will be found the announce-
  ment of Col. Roosevelt’s first article on
  “A Hunter-Naturalist in the Brazilian
  Wilderness.”
6

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The first article by

Theodore Roosevelt

on his experiences as

A Hunter- Naturalist in the

Brazilian Wilderness

will appear in the April SCRIBNER.
It gives an account of the first stage of
his journey up the Paraguay River, im-
pressions of the bird and animal life of
the country, of the river teeming with
fish, among them schools of the raven-
ous man-eating piranha, and of the
people. It has the same quality of en-
thusiasm, of wonderful observation,
that made his African articles so ab-
sorbing. Abundant illustrations by Ker-
mit Roosevelt and other members of
the expedition.
SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

7

In tlie
APRIL

Another of George E. Wood-
berry’s brilliant, poetic pictures
of “North Africa
and the Desert.

99

They are as colorful as a Fortuny
painting, breathe the very air of the
desert, of the burnoosed natives, of
the shifting, barren sands.

“ On the Mat” is an analysis, a reve-
lation of the religion, the soul, the very
spirit of the desert and its people.

Artist and Public

by Kenyon Cox

No one writes on art with more authority
or with a clearer or more informing view
of essentials. His comments on the Futur-
ists and other faddists will be read with
special interest.

The Fair in the
Cow Country

by W. Herbert Dunton

Illustrated by the Author. Broncho bust-
ing, cow-girls, cow-punchers, ropers, are
all in vivid and hilarious excitement and
the competition of atypical Western fair.

Short ■
Stories:

Worse than

Married by Alice

Duer and Henry Miller

The story of a wreck and what
happened to two on a small
island.

Soldiers of Time

by Barry Benefield

The old clock-maker and Dec-
oration day.

Sparks of the
Wireless

by Walter S. Hiatt

The life aboard ship of the
young men who send out the
S. O. S. call and others. They
have brought a touch of the old
romance back to the sea.

Her Friend,
Sergeant John by

Wolcott LeClear-Beard

An army story of the Mexican
border.
8

SCMBNKK'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Nine Short Stories

in the

March Century

as fine a collection as an editor ever
made—written by H.G. Wells, Allan
I pdegraff, James Hopper, etc., etc.

  In a magazine of the size of The
  Century it is possible to print nine
  stories, page after page of beautiful
  illustrations, real poems and a comic
  section, and still have room for a
  number of serious papers, such as

WHAT ABOUT RUSSIAPby James Dav-
  enport Whelpley, author of “Trade
  of the World,” describing our present
  delicate relations with Russia. The
  president of the greatest corporation
  in America considers this author an
  absolute authority.

THE NEXT STEP IN PRISON RE-
 FORM, by Richard Barry, is enough
 to make a reformer of the most com-
 placent.

WHAT HAVE WOMEN DONE WITH
 THE VOTE? by George Creel, is a
 question that pros., antis, and non-
 combatants will be glad to have an-
 swered.

ORIGINS OF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE

  is another of Prof. Edward A. Ross’s
  important papers on Immigration,
  upon which current legislation is said
  to be based.

THE GARDEN TEMPLE OF AMRIT-
 SAR, by E. F. Benson, has nothing
 in common with the conventional
 “travel article.”

Here is an opportunity to catch
“the new spirit of the Century”:

The Century Co., Union Square, N. V.

   Enclosed find $4.00 for FIFTEEN MONTHS of
The Century, including the I-'eliruary ami March
numbers.

Name
Address

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBN ER’S MAGAZINE

Housekeepers!

By LINDA HULL LARNED

The Author of “ The New Hostess of To-Day "
Each SO cents tier: postage extra

One Hundred Salads
One Hundred Cold Desserts

  In each of these little volumes the
author, who is the recognized author-
ity in this country on these subjects,
gives the results of her experience,
thought, and ingenuity. The one
hundred recipes for salads and salad
dressings run from the most simple,
for daily use, to the most elaborate,
for entertainment. This is the case
also with the recipes for one hundred
cold desserts, other than ices or ice-
creams. They are of great variety,
and extend from those that can be
prepared with very slight expense and
trouble to those more suitable for pur-
poses of entertaining.

The New Hostess of To-Day

$1.50 net

   “Sure of a welcome, for its directions,
whether for simple or elaborate entertain-
ment, are both sensible and clear.”

— The Independent.

CHARLES

SCRIBNER’S

  SONS

FIFTH

AVENUE,
NEW YORK
SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

9

New Books oj_ Fiction

The Forester’s
Daughter

By Hamlin Garland

Author of " Her Mountain Lover."
etc.

  An idyllic story of the new
West, glowing with the love
of a girl for the man who
needed her care. We board
the rumbling old stage-coach
and set out with the young
man from the East over the
romantic trail to the plains
and forests of Colorado. The
stage-driver and his lone pas-
senger are soon joined by a
girl of impulse, of beauty
and much warm-heartedness,
which is instantly aroused by
the forlorn condition of “the
slim young fellow,” and all
her dormant motherly in-
stincts are stirred.

Frontispiece. $1.20 net

Coming Back
with the Spitball

By James Hopper

   This story is a living bit of
the history of that fierce war-
fare we call baseball, a live
cross-section lifted out of the
game and placed before your
eyes in all its thrilling action.
Reading it you learn to know
baseball from within, its mo-
ments of glory and its hours
of gloom; you follow every
play with the whole-souled
abandon of the most enthusi-
astic “fan.”

Illustrated. 50 Cents net

Bluebeard—A
Musical Fantasy

By Kate Douglas
Wiggin

  One of the most delight-
ful and humorous parodies
ever written. Its delicate
satire will be enjoyed by all
readers, and to anyone with
a slight knowledge of the
piano it offers the material
for a unique monologue en-
tertainment. The MS. of a
posthumous Wagner opera is
discovered and the work is
critically discussed—motives
and libretto—hitting off in
humorous manner the solemn
methods of musical experts.

50 cents net

The
Masks of Love

By Margarita
Spalding Gerry

  A sympathetic story of
theatrical life, in which a con-
ventionally brought-up girl
learns to distinguish a real
talent and real love from their
counterfeits. She expects to
marry at the end of the year.
In the meantime she wanted
to widen the horizon of her
humdrum existence. She en-
joyed to the full the strange-
ness of her stage life, which
was revolutionized by the
new love that came into it.

Illustrated. $1.20 net

The
Idol-Breaker

By Charles Rann
Kennedy

  The third of the series of
Seven Plays for Seven Players,
of which “The Servant in the
House” and “The Winter-
feast" have already been pub-
lished. The theme is Freedom.
The story lakes place in the
smithy of Little Boswell—a
village of prejudices, traditions,
and economic slavery. The
grotesque comedy situations in
which these villagers find them-
selves have never been equalled
since the author's inimitable
Bishop in "The Servant in the
House."

Portrait Frontispiece. $1.25 net

Religion and
Life

By Dr. Elwood
Worcester

  Out of the rich experience of
years spent in observing the dy-
namic power of religion upon
modern life, the organizer of
the Emmanuel Movement in
Boston has written this book
filled with inspiration and
comfort. ‘It is,” he says,
“ frankly, avowedly, and posi-
tively Christian,” but it is the
spirit of Christianity, and not
its dogmas, that the writer
dwells upon. He has aimed at
depicting certain phases of the
great drama of man’s life in the
presence of the infinite.

$1.25 net

Scientific
Auction Bridge

(New Edition)

By E. V. Shepard

  A new edition, containing
Standard and Xullo Counts,
entire new Laws of December,
1913, and Latest Bidding
Features, has just been pub-
lished. Alexander L. Robinson.
Vice-President, Knickerbocker
Whist Club, calls it “the best
of all books on Auction Bridge.
No other writer has ever delved
in the principles of the game to
an equal extent.”

$1.00 net

Our Mr. Wrenn

By Sinclair Lewis

If you loved a person a great deal and wanted that person
to read a certain book because you loved that book too, what
would you say? Is there any word that can make you who
read these lines believe in the beauty and lovableness and
intcrestingncss of this new writer’s book called "Our Mr.
Wrenn”? It is a story first of friendship and then of love.
It is as unmistakable and certain as the touch of one we love.

Frontispiece. $1.00 net

HARPER & BROTHERS

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
10

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Did you ever read Kipling?

If SO-

There i.s a legend to tlie effect that when Rudyard Kipling made his first visit
to America he went about from magazine office to magazine office with a Glad-
stone bag filled with the manuscripts of such wonderful stories as “ The Man Who
Would Be King,” “The Drums of the Fore and Aft,” “On Greenough Ilill,”
and “ Without Benefit of Clergy.” He had no exaggerated idea of the mone-
tary value of these tales, and was offering them for publication on the most
reasonable terms. But at that he was everywhere met with the same discourag-
ing verdict. “ Nobody knows anything about India. Nobody cares anything
about India.” Yet it was only two or three years later that, through these very
tales, every one came to know about India. There was a time when Simla held
as conspicuous a position on the stage of fiction as London or Paris or New York.

        Of the India mode familiar to hundreds of thousands of readers through Kip-
        ling's stories Dr. Arley Munson, the author of Jungle Days, a vivid record of
        the experiences of an American woman physician in India, will tell in a series
        of elaborately illustrated papers, beginning in the March issue of The Bookman,
        and running through the April and May numbers. The first paper will deal with
        Angln-India. It will tell of Simla, the Simla of the Gadsbys, of Mrs. Hauksbee
        and of Mrs. Reiver, will lead the reader through the Mall and round Jakko Ilill
        in the trail of the Phantom Rickshaw, thence travelling on to Lucknow and
        Lahore, the latter Kim's native city. Part II. will treat of the Border Land, the
        roads travelled by the Man who would be King and his companion, of the plain
        where Wee Willie Winkie rode to the rescue, and of the battle-ground where the
        little drummer boys, Jakkin and Lew, died heroically in the sight of their regiment
        as told in "The Drums of the Fore and Aft.” Part III. will discuss Burma, the
        scene of many of Mulvaney's exploits, touch upon the country associated with
        Nick Tarvin, the American of The Naulakka, and continue eastward on the Road
        to Mandalay to that haunting point where “ Dawn comes up like thunder, outer
        China ’crost the Bay."

Get three numbers of THE BOOKMAN containing this re-
markable series “Kipling’s India,” for the price of one
number. Send us the coupon with your name and address
and 25 Cents.

THE BOOKMAN

“ It is,” says the New York Times, “a
periodical not only to be read, but to
use. When one has read it, he has not
done with it, for it has a distinct value
as a work of reference. Among our
magazines there is nothing that fills the
same place/’

   2l	CopyS THE BOOKMAN ^ Year
Publishers DODD, MEAD COMPANY New York

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

DODD, MEAD & COMPANY
  NEW YORK:	s.

      For 25 cents which I enclose
send me as published 3 numbers of
THE BOOKMAN containing “Kip-
ling's India.”

Name	....................

Street .............................

City................State...........
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

11

The Latest Publications

■ FICTION-

      THE AFTER HOUSE

         By MARY ROBERTS RINEHART
A story of love, mystery and a private yacht. "A good
novel for quick reading.”—New York Ucrald.

Illustrated, by May Wilson Preston. Si.25 net; postage extra.

      OLD VALENTINES

           By MUNSON HAVENS
An appealing story of the course of true love and how a
unique collection of old valentines came to the rescue and
made the way smooth. Illustrated. $1.00 net; postage extra.

BURBURY STOKE

          By WILLIAM JOHN HOI>KINS
A tale of unique charm told in the same delightful vein of
humor which marked 11 The Ciammer.”

$1.25 net; postage extra.

THE PRECIPICE

             By ELIA W. PEATTIE
An epitome of the aspirations, doubts, dreads, furtive dis-
content, and frank hope of women, fascinating and timely.

With frontispiece. $1.35 net; postage extra.

THE WOMEN WE MARRY

          By ARTHUR ST AN WOOD PIER
A present-day novel of the love affairs of two men and
two women before and after marriage, of estrangement
through unsuspected prejudices; and of the readjustment of
love through the coming of children. $1.35 net; postage extra.

      THE SPARE ROOM

          By MRS. ROM ILLY FEDDEN
“A bride and groom, a villa in Capri, a spare room and
seven guests (assorted varieties) are the ingredients which go
to make this thoroughly amusing book.”

—Chicago Evening Post.

               Illustrated. Si.00 net; postage extra.

THE FIRST STEP

            By ELIZA ORNE WHITE
A delightful story of special appeal to young couples and
commuters. The many humorous complications which arise
in the making over of an old country house and how tbey
precipitate a romance are amusingly told.

S1.10 net; postage extra.

LOST DIARIES

            By MAURICE BARING
The many readers who found pleasure in Mr. Baring’s
delightful fabrications, “Dead Letters” and "Miniature
Dramas,” will find fresh delight in this book.

Si.25 net; postage extra.

-OF VARIED APPEAL—

 WHAT MEN LIVE BY

 By Dr. RICHARD C. CABOT
 •'Such writing, because it sets
 before the reader in a fresh and en-
 tertaining way beliefs and truths
 hitherto but vaguely held, must be
 richly inspirational in its effect."

              —Boston Transcript.

       81.50	net; postage extra.

 THE COURT OF PEKING

    By J. O. P. BLAND and

   EDMUND BACKHOUSE
 A fascinating account of the ro-
 mances. the historic crises, the re-
 versals and triumphs of the Manchu
 dynasty through the last five cen-
 turies. Lavishly illustrated.

       54.50	net; postage extra.

BORROW AND
HIS CIRCLE

 By CLEMENT K. SHORTER
 "A treasure and a delight to ad-
 mirers of Borrow."

            —London Athenaum.

  With frontispiece.

       $3.00 net; postage extra.

 /EGEAN DAYS

    By J. IRVING MANATT
 An intimate study of the more in-
 teresting islands in the Ionian as well
 as in the yEgean Sea. Illustrated.

       $3.00 net; postage extra.

 THE AMERICANS IN THE
 PHILIPPINES

    By JAMES A. LEROY
 The first complete, comprehensive,
 and authoritative history of the first
 years of the American occupation of
 the Islands. 2 volumes.

 Boxed $10.00 net; postage extra.

 THOMAS W. HIGGINSON

 By

 MARY TIIACHER HIGGINSON
 Tells for the first lime the full
 story of the life of one of the most
 interesting of American soldiers and
 writers. Fully illustrated.

       $3.00 net; postage extra.

 OUR FRIEND

   JOHN BURROUGHS

    By Dr. CLARA BARRUS
 The increasing thousands of lovers
 of John Burroughs and his writings
 will welcome this intimate book about
 the man. hislife, and his personality.
 Fully illustrated.

       $2.50 net; postage extra.

 SprlDif Bulletin

Sent FREE by

HOUGHTON MIFFLIN COMPANY

4 PARK STREET
BOSTON

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

They IVho Knock at Our Gates

     Some twenty years ago there came to America an undersized,
     underfed, overworked little girl of twelve—one of a million
     steerage immigrants. Out of the limits of her native Pale,
     wherein the Russian Government sought to confine the
     Hebrews of the district, she came to Show America to
     Americans. “The Law of the Fathers,” in the March
     American Magazine, is the first of a new series of articles by

  MARY ANTIN

         Author of “The Promised Land

service to ii' and ours; and, above
all. the rich spiritual offering they
make to America.

There's a swing and sweep and
power to her words that bespeak the
burning enthusiasm of cons-iction.
Mary Antin shows us the faith of our
fathers—shows it to us fresh, strong,
mighty to save, as it was in the first
days of the Republic. We need Mary
Antin to show us to ourselves—Uit
we forget.

There is a vision and purpose behind
these articles that reflect well the
vision and purpose of Tkt American
Magazine; and just as they arc typ-
ical of its Americanism, so. too. arc
the lighter, less serious contributions
in the March number.

There is" A Triangle Within a Trian-
gle,”by Edgar Mien Forbes,in which

Jimmy O'Hrien rises in the world
and learns the value of a clean shirt.
There is an amazing story about a
negro preacher by James D. Cor-
rothers—himself a negro and an or-
dained minister. Grant Noble is
the hero, as great a “ center " as Har-
mount ever developed. As a com-
ment on negro suffrage, and as an
index to the negro character, the
story is profoundly significant.
"The Soul'i Winning Fight with
Science," by H. Addington Bruce,
shows that science is no longer at
war with man's belief in the immor-
tality of the soul.

And, by the way, don’t miss James
Montgomery Flagg’s inside tale of
The American Magazine office, or
his picture of its three glum Editors
as they listen to a really funny con-
tribution of his.

When you have read these articles
you will know, as you have never
known before, what the immigrants
arc. what they mean to us—"They
Who Knock at Our Gates."

Here arc facts, incidents torn ritjht
out of life, an cloouent presentation
from real knowledge—a worthy suc-
cessor to "The Promised Land,"
one of the permanent volumes, per-
haps the greatest single volume of

our generation.

Mary Antin—that strange mixture
of Slavic brooding and Yankee im-
petuosity—writes of the present-day
immigrant as the eighteenth-century
pamphleteer wrote of democracy—
The romance of their coming; the
burning faith and beauty of their
loyalty to our land; the inestimable
range and value of their material

The March American Magazine

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
SCRIBXER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

13

The $10,000.00 Prize Novel

Diane of the Green Van

 By Leo7ia Dalrymple

A truly remarkable story of
the open, in which love, laugh-
ter, mystery, surprise and ad-
venture follow the Arcadia
trail of the Green Van.

The Best of Over 500
Manuscripts

submitted in this great novel con-
test, which brought forth many stories
of exceptional merit.

DIANE of the GREEN VAN

in our estimation and in that of the
judges (Miss Ida M. Tarbelland Mr.
S. S. McClure) stands out in all re-
spects, as a novel of unusual brilliancy.

 A Fascinatingly Independent Heroine

is Diane Westfall, who, wearied by social restraint, turns to a life
in woods and fields, only to meet unexpected and thrilling adven-
tures, from which she could never have escaped had it not been
for the watchfulness of her resourceful lover.

A True-to-Life Hero

 who determinedly persists in being the protector
 of this high-spirited beautiful girl.

Here is the book for the book-lover weary
of “problem” and “sex” novels—the book

 to choose to brighten your gray days and those
 of friends. Ready March 7, at all book shops.

   Delightfully Illustrated by Reginald Birch

SI.3 5 Net

Publishers	Reilly & Br i 11 O n	Chicago

Of This Extraordinary
Story One Well-
Known Writer Says:

 "The book is irresistibly absorbing; lull of
 stirring situations; refreshing with outdoor
 atmosphere; warm with wholesome sentiment;
 keenly delightful. The author displays rare
 wit. and mistcrfulconstructive ability.

 "I eould hardly wait to finish. and I wanted
 it all over as soon as I was done.”

LEONA DALRYMPLE

wto was awarded the largest single prize ever given
(or any novel. Tbougb.unrfer tbiny. Miss Dalrymple
lakes her place immediately among the foremost
novelists of America.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
II

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

BOUND VOLUMES of

SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

 July—December, 1913
 Handsomely bound in two styles and sold as follows:

   Blue cloth, pearl lop, £ $2.00 each. Buckram, gill lop, rw $2.25 each.

   MAGAZINES that arc in good condition and untrimmcd may be exchanged
   for bound volumes at the following rales: Blue cloth binding at SO
   cents each; Buckram binding at 75 cents each: with additional delivery
   charge of 30 cents per volume when sent by express.

   BOSTON: . ...	II' B. Clarke £.-* Co., 26 andzS Trcnrnnt St.

   PHILADELPHIA	.	Charles Scribner's Sons, ///? .1 rch St.

   CH ICAGO:.....j- c. McClurg <5.- Co., 2IJ IVaiash .-/ ve.

   CINCINNATI:	.	Robt. Clarke & Co., tb Eastqth St.

   CLEVELAND:	. .	The Burmvs Bros. Co., 133 Stttltd Ave.

   DENVER: ....	Charles Scribner’s Sons, J03 and-Jo# Nassau Bldg.

   SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.:	Charles Scribner's Sons, 7/7 Market St.

   KANSAS CITY: . .	Bryant b* Douglas Co., 1002 Walnut St.

   TORONTO, ONT..	.	Charles Scribner's Sons, joj Church St.

   Magazines to be exchanged may be delivered (or sent prepaid) either to the publication office or to any of
   our agencies as noted above. Readers in other cities can save money by buying cloth or buckram covers
   from our New York office and having their magazines bound in at a local book-store.

  Blue Cloth Covers, 25 cents each, prepaid.	Buckram Covers, 50 cents each, prepaid.

     An Index to the Contents of the current volume wilt be sent free to any Scribner reader upon request.

 CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS, FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

Ready! The First Big Novel of 1914

THE WITNESS-
FOR THE DEFENCE

By A. E. W. MASON

   “Might Rouse the Ghost of Wilkie Collins to Envy!”

                       This is what the conservative Pall Mall Gazette, of
                       London, remembering “The Woman in White,” says
                       of this new novel of England and India. It means
                       that the author of “The Four Feathers,” “The
                       Broken Road,” etc., has

   SI.30 net; by mail SI.40

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS Fifth Ave. at

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

15

I

I

I
P

Now we have The Authority: -

Webster’s New International

The TTlerriam Webster

!

I

l

1

This New Creation answers with final
authority all kinds of questions in
history, geography, biography,
trades, arts, and sciences, sports,
foreign phrases, abbreviations,
etc. Consider that hundreds of
Supreme Court J udges concur in its
favor; also that it is the standard
of the Government Printing Office
at Washington:—statements that
can be made of no other dictionary.

India-Paper Edition. Only half as thick,
only half as heavy as the Regular Edi-
tion. Printed on expensive, thin, strong,
opaque, imported India paper. What a
satisfaction to use so light and so con-
venient a volume 1 Size, 12% x 9% x
2J-2 inches. Weight, only 7 lbs.

Regular Edition. Printed on strong book
paper of the highest quality. Size,
x 9& x 5 inches. Weight, 14®^ lbs.

    More than 400,000 Vocabulary Tenn».

    Hundred! of NEW Wordi not given in any
    other dictionary.

    12,000	Biographical Entriei.

  New Gazetteer, nearly 30,000 Subjects.	c„u i

  Thousands of ^ther References.	M°Fe Scholarly,

  Oier 6000 Illustrations. 2700 Pages.	accurate, Convenient,

Colored Plates and Half-Tone EngTavings.	a°d Authoritative Than

Theonly dictionary with the new divided page,	any other Enelish Dictionarv

“A Stroke of Genius.” The type matter is equiva-	. .. ,	„ dictionary,

lent to that of a 15-volume encyclopedia.	J** inmte cnlic*1 tompar,t°n W,J| ,n °'Ur Jictio°‘nM-

WHITE for specimen pajres, illustrations, ©to. Mention tbis
mopovino and roooivo PBFF! a «nt of ponkat maps.

G. & C. MERRIAM C0.f SPRINGFIELD, MASS.

Over 70 years publxaheru of the Genuine-Webster Dictionaries.

 Per Adv’t in Scribner's send sample pages, maps. etc.

Name .....

 Address

ATHLETIC TRAINING
MICHAEL C. MURPHY

Without “Mike” Murphy’s book
no Athlete or Sportsman is well
equipped. Illustrated. $1.00 net.

Charles Scribner’s Sons, New York

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
A $250,000 Magazine for $1.50

             “The cost of putting Munsey's Magazine to press
             for the year 1914 will average approximately
             twenty thousand dollars a number—practically
             a quarter of a million dollars for twelve
             issues. This does not include a pound of paper,
             and does not include the presswork or binding.”

In Ibo February

The Lone Wolf

A Standard $1.50 Book

By Louis Joseph Vance

     Will Be Published Complete in
     the March Number

Munsey’s Magazine

             On Sale Everywhere February 20 at 15 cents a copy

WIIEN Vance wrote “The Brass Bowl,” lie
drew aside the curtain of night and turned
the flash-light of his story-telling power
into a woman's heart. When the reading public
opened “ The Black Bag,” they saw in its depths
the source of cupidity. Those who took the lid off
‘‘The Bandbox” found the story of vanity, love
of finery, hunger of jewels, and the intrigues horn
of deceit. It was a best seller. In his ' ‘ Destroying
Angel ” he fashioned awoman whose lips seemed
a pool of poison and whose shapely arms were as
slaying scimitars, whose favor meant failure, and
whose kiss was the caress of death. Vance plays
upon the keyboard of human emotions with a
master hand. In his new novel, ‘‘The Lone Wolf,”

the hero, Michael Lanyard, was a jncU.il reared

in the brooding shadows through which slips the
mysterious Seine. The story opens with Lanyard
as a boy, a cub taught by pain and experience that
the stroking of kindly hands was as naught com-
pared with the fang of a single foe. And so this
creature of the shadows, in the beginning driven by
hunger, though in the end stimulated by pride in
his art, prowled from the slums of Paris into the
very hnlls of the mighty. At the zenith of his fame
something settled upon THE LONE WOLF'S
heart. The wild look of hatred went out of his
eyes, the snarl bred of pain died in his throat.
In this story Louis Joseph Vance discloses a
new angle of his powers. It is the love story
in the life of THE LONE WOLF that makes

it lit

11 Special Articles

6 Short Stories

35 Separate Features

                  Ask your newsdealer to reserve your copy of THE MUNSEY every month,
                  or send $1.50 direct to the Publishers for a year's subscription.

The Frank A. Munsey Company, New York

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCR11SNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

SUBSCRIPTION LISTS WILL BE
CLOSED AT THE END OF MAY

End of the Sale, Direct to the Public, of the

New Encyclopaedia Britannica

Prices to be from $29 to $50 more
Discontinuance of Monthly Payments

THERE IS STILL TIME FOR YOU TO DECIDE

YOU must have a general idea of the characteristics of the new
Encyclopaedia Britannica, for it. has been so much used anil quoted
and talked about that it is definitely classed as one of the greatest
achievements of our day. But what you probably do not know is that it
is a “different" kind oj utility booh from any that has ever been published;
different in get-up, different in contents, different in style, different in
method of construction, different and better suited to your needs in the
fact that it was built for service—for your service.

YOU CAN DECIDE How mucli the book

---;-- will mean to you,

or to your family, only after you have seen
the prospectus (srnt free by mail) or have
called at one of cur five offices to sec the
books themselves, their beautiful bindings in
leather, and the wonderful, thin, strong India
paper I described asan “inspiration of genius'),
upon which the 2S.I50 pages of text are
printed.

58,000	SETS HAVE ALREADY BEEN SOLD

SEND FORTHE PRO-
SPECTUS TODAY

 You will then be
 in a position to
 settle the matter

 once for all. Any argument in favor of wail-
 ing until tomorrow is also an argument in favor
 of waiting until the price has been increased in
 America, as it was in England in December
 last, and that is surely the wrong course to
 take. For an inquiry form see the last page of
 this noticc.

      It is “the most successful book of our
      time,” and lias been bought by a!'

classes. The photographs of its owners on this and the following pages show some of the fields
in which the new Encyclopaedia Britannica is performing its usual function of furthering the
world's work.

A Great Author	A Great Inventor	A Great Statesman	A Great Emperor

    Everyone who has the book is glad that he has it.

    Everyone who buys it now will be glad that he did not wait until
it cost more—$29 to $50 more, according to binding.

 NEW YORK	PHILADELPHIA	CHICAGO	SAN FRANCISCO TORONTO

   120 West 32d Street 945 Drexel Building People* Gas Building Monadnoek Building Kent Building
   (Sixth Floor)
 /.?

SCR I/I MR S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

11II 11	—Z)

□ THE PRICE	A FEW WEEKS HENCE

$29 to $50 more than at present—will not be an extravagant
price for the book ; but it would be an extravagance for you to pay
it needlessly, after neglecting this opportunity to pay less.

A Grout Business Man

A Great Manufacturer

A Great Banker

□

A Great Senator

ON BEING “ALERT

»>

TO be “alert” of mind docs not mean that
one must jump to a conclusion, but that
when a conclusion has been formed, one
must be in readiness to give instant effect to it.
The word, indeed, comes from the old Italian
“all' erta!”—“Go to the watch-tower! ", the
warning which, in the eventful Middle Ages, sent
lookouts to their post to see when rapid action
would be necessary.

    The public hare shown alertness in recognizing the merits of the
new Encyclopaedia Britannica. Those who are alert enough to ob-
tain it now will he just in time to avoid the higher price which is
about to be chargcd for it. That alertness has already been dis-
played by more than fifty-eight thousand purchasers.

If you become aware, today, for the first time, of the existence
of the new Encyclopaedia Britannica, you could not decide whether
or not to purchase it without previously considering its merits. But
you are not in that position. The desirability of the book has been
demonstrated, as the pictures on those pages amply prove.

THE INEVITABLE CHANGE

Tlit* impending increase in the price
and the discontinuance of the monthly
payment system are. of course, regret-
table. And if it had been financially
practicable to continue indefinitely the
sale mi the present terms, no change
would have been made. But the change
is inevitable, because the low price tloes
nut yield a profit commensurate with the
large investment 1,500,(100) which the
production of an eitlircl.v new inventory
of all human knowledge necessitated.
Those who most wish to see the book in
universal use must accept the inevitable,
and it is satisfactory to reflect that within
the next few weeks thousands of persons
will buy it and begin to make use of it who
might otherwise have remained irresolute.

WHY MANY HAVE WAITED

It lias been easy to say "the book will
still be there, if I find I want it." But

that cannot much longer be said. It will
not be "there"—in its present accessible
[josition. It will be where you can get
it if you pay $21) more than you need
pay today, if you pay that higher price
in cash instead of paying the $5, which is
all you need pay in cash today.

  The new price will not be prohibitive.
It will, on the contrary, be considerably
less than the price ($7.50 per volume/ at
which former edition.- were published; it
will be a low price as compared with the
price of other books and oilier articles
which can be compared with the Ency-
clopaedia Britannica in respect of their
intrinsic value based upon their cost of
production, and of their usefulness anil
the pleasure which they afford. But,
from another point of view, a price is
relatively high or low according to who
pays it; and the new price will be a high
one for you to pay, because you now
have the opportunity In pay so much lets.

□	C_l
SCRIBNERW MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

i "	•	i rzp □

Wlin^ 1UITA among the 58,000 Ruvers of an indispensable Book
VY nu \J YYIIU of Universal Utility.	^

IT may safely be said that no buyer of the new
Encyclopaedia Britannica has purchased the work
without first having asked himself: "Is this a good
book?” and then, “Is it a book that I ought to buy either
for myself or my family?”

A Farm Laborer

A Fireman

A Traveling Salesman

A Bookkeeper

A Retail Groccr

□

A Newsman

To the Man—or Woman—Who May Say:

“I do not need the new Encyclopaedia Britannica. ”

What will lie* your loss if you should thus altogether refrain
from purchasing it?

First, the loss of available knowledge.

Il ix impossible by the use of any number of other boohs, or
by uny other method of acquiring information, to gain the I noidedge
—on ony one of a thousand subjects—of which the need crises
from day Io day.

Second, the loss of available pleasure.

Occasion may suggest your reading an article or answering a
question dealing with science, sport, art, industry, politics, finance, biography, history,
exploration, varaI or military operations, or any other branch of human activity; ar.d in
every ease a writer of the highest authority tells you a delightfully dear story.

Third, the loss of available efficiency.

Whatever you are doing—whether it is worn or the pursuit of pleasure—you trill do it
better, more satisfactorily and more confidently if you hare the assistance that the new Ency-
clopaedia Britannica is already gniug to more than fifty-eight thousand other people.

You will be sure of making these gains, and of avoiding these losses,
by signing and mailing now the inquiry form found on the last page.

An analysis of several thousand orders for the new Encyclo-
paedia Britannica shows iu a rough way the proportion of
buyers in different classes.

Far the largest class, amounting to more than one-third of
the total I just above 34 per cent. , is made up of members of
the professions—lawyers, doctors, clergymen, authors, etc. A
small part of this class is wealthy; the great majority of its
numbers are in moderate circumstances.

The next largest class, constituting more than one-firth
(over 17 per cent), is luuniifaclurers and traders, large and
small, wholesale and retail. In this class the small manufact-
urers far outnumber the large, and there are. of course, many
more retail than wholesale merchants.

Next in size and constituting nearly one-seventh (14 per
cent), are persons iu small businesses, or workers with com-
paratively small incomes—clerks, bookkeepers, stenographers,
salesmen, agents, artisans, farmers, etc.

Very nearly as large (nearly 11, per cent of the total i is the
class of universities, colleges, schools and libraries; many being
institutions with small appropriations for books.

One-ninth 11 per cent i of the total is made up of women—
mothers of families, women in business, or the professions now
so generally followed by women.

About one-twentieth (5 percent) of the total of this classified
subscription list is officials of government and public institutions;
of these the greater part an-, of course, on small salaries.

Onc-tieciily-fOurlh 14% per cent) arc bankers and financiers.

It is evident that the new Encyclopaedia Bri-
tannica is being sold, not merely to “bookish” peo-
ple, nor to men who have already achieved success
or fame, but principally to people who have their
way to make in the world, and who cannot afford to
do without it, even though their incomes are small,
because they recognize in it an aid to advancement.

A Civil Scrvice Clerk

A Foreman Bookbinder
20

SCK IKK IRS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

nc~ii	—inn

Q NOW—is The Time to Decide—NOW G

(see three preceding pages)

luse inquiry form in lower corner)

Euch volume (IIMIU pages but 1 inch thick, Itound in Hull Flexible Sheepskin

            HETHER you arc a business man, a farmer, u miner, or a professional man;
            whether you are a manager or a worker in a factory, store, office or bank,
            vou would certainly be interested

     (1)	in llu-- story that is told in the prospectus
o: the preparation of this wonderful new work of
universal knowledge;

     (2)	the organisation of its editorial staff;

    (3)	the distribution of the work among 28
departments;

     (i) the writing of the 40,000 articles by tin-
different experts all over the world best qualified in
each branch of knowledge;

     (5)	the editorial supervision and co-ordination
of these contributions by means of one of the

most elaborate and accurate card index systems
ever installed;

    (6)	the effort and success of editors and con-
tributors to secure lucidity and simplicity of style;

    (7)	the bold but successful idea to make the
encyclopaedia easily and comfortably used by means
of light, handy India paper volumes;

    (8' the plan to sell on installments and at
low prices to ensure a rapid and large sale while
the work was new;

     (0) the human interest nnd 'practical value of

the work to all classes.

    There are three questions to consider:

1.	“Shall I be glad to have the new Encyclopaedia Britannica in my home?”

   2.	“Shall I order it now while I can get it for $5 a month?”

    3.	“Shall I wait, knowing that if I do purchase it later, it will cost me $29
more and be sold for cash payment only?”

LET THE PROSPECTUS HELP YOU TO ANSWER

SENT BY MAIL ON RECEIPT OF REQUEST

Application fir the Prospectus

Manager. ENCYCLOPAEDIA BRITANNICA
120 Wilt 32d Street. New York

Send me bv mail tile Prospectus of tile 11th Edition of the Encyclopaedia
Britanriea with particulars of nresent prices, bindings, deferred payments,
bookcases, etc.

scrib—c

Name____ _

Profession or Business_

Residence.

    4-1,000,000 words. -10.000 articles, 2S.150
pages of text written by 1,500 contributors,
dealing with "everything under the sun,"
with 8.C00 full-page plates, text illustrations
ami maps, cannot be described in a few
paragraphs, nor in a magazine advertise-
ment. We have, therefore, prepared a
large prospectus which will enable you to
learn as much as you will need to know
about the Encyclopaedia Britannica in
case you wish to subscribe.

□	CUD
SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

20a

NEW SPRING PUBLICATIONS

By the Greatest Authority on Panama

By PHILIPPE

PANAMA

THE CREATION

DESTRUCTION	d„maii vadii I a

AND RESURRECTION BUNAU-VARlLLA

    Royal Svo. Profusely illustrated. Sj.jo net; postage 20 cents

    M. Philippe Bunau-Varilla is the greatest living authority on Panama
 and the Canal. He was the principal actor in every phase of the stirring
 drama of Panama, and a ruling factor in every crisis. In this book is
 revealed for the first time the true history of the Panama Revolution.
 The author frankly criticizes the American engineering scheme, and
 presents what he considers its fatal weakness.

 By the President of the French Republic

      How France is Governed

 By RAYMOND POINCARE

 375 PaSes• *'"• Cloth. $2.25 net; postage 16 cents
 A vigorous and authoritative presentation of the government of
 our sister republic written by a master of his subject with a clear-
 ness and lightness of touch essentially French. The only book in
 English on this important subject.

LEADING SPRING FICTION

The Blue Buckle

       By WILLIAM HAMILTON OSBORNE

Author of " The Red Mouse," etc.

           unto. 450 pages. $1.25 net; postage 12 cents
 Mr. Osborne, well-known as a past-master in the novel of action,
 here weaves around the seemingly innocent ornament 011 a woman’s
 dress a secret and a counterplot amazingly conceived and daringly
 executed. The dialogue is crisp and the action has dramatic swing.

Lord London—A Tale of Achievement

By KEBLE HOWARD

           Sjo pages. / 2/no. S'.-J net; postage it cents

 A true picture with romantic high lights of a poor boy who, with-
 out influence or friends, becomes at forty a millionaire, a peer of the
 realm, owner of forty weeklies, two dailies, a monthly and directing
 genius of the greatest newspaper in the world. The original of Han-
 nibal Quain’s portrait is Alfred llarmsworth. Lord Northcliffe.

The White Gate

By WARWICK DEEPING

Author of " Uther and Igraine "

           i2tno. jjo pages. $s.2J net; postage 12 cents
 A story of imaginative beauty and optimism centering about the ex-
 traordinary love affair of an inventor and an orphan whose early life
 has been shadowed by her environment.

                  Household Arts Revival

The Craft of Hand-Made Rugs

              By AMY MALI HICKS

Illustrated with photographs, diagrams and Frontispiece in color.

                      $2.00 net; postage 14 cents
  This book takes the old-time methods of handicraft, revises and
  refreshens them by careful planning in color and design, and adds
  to them the art feeling of our own times.

At all booksellers Send for Catalogue of Spring Boohs

Philippe BUftau- Va rilla

Cecil Rhodes—The Man and
His Work

By GORDON LE SUEUR. F.R.G.S.

8^>o. Illustrated. $3.50 net;
postage 20 cents

  The impressions of the author are
  derived from the close and intimate
  relationship^ extending over many
  'years in England, at the empire-
  maker’s Cape home or on the Veld.

The Fairies—Here and Now

By S. R. UTTLEWOOD

Small 12mo. Sj cents net; postage
8 cents

  Fairies from an entirely original
  point of view—that of lire every-day
  citizen—appealing to the most skep-
  tical of the fairy faith.

The Art of Nijinsky

By GEOFFREY WHITWORTH

/2/1/0. &/. to net; postage 10 cents

   Nijinsky is the genius of the Russian
   Ballet, and this is the first book to ap-
   pear in appreciation v( his art, both
   as to its individual aspects and the art
   of the Ballet as a whole.

A Court Painter and His
Circle, Francois Boucher

By MRS. BEARNE

With a colored Frontispiece and32
other illustrations* §vo. Cloth.

       $4 00 net; hostage30 cents
  The celebrated Court painter of Louis
  XV* was perhaps the most character-
  istic of the distinguished throng of
  painters that arose in France after
  the death of Louis XIV.

The Autobiography of Char-
lotte Ameiie, Princess of

Aldenburg (1652-1732)

Translated and Edited by her descendant

By MRS. AUBREY LE BLOND

Illustrated. $4.00 net; postage
20 cents

   This is the life story of a singularly
   attractive woman who was sought in
   marriage by three kings and an in-
   finite array of German princelings.

MC BRIDE. NAST & CO.

UNION SQUARI

PUB LISHE RS

NEW YORK

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
20b

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

                       p- - -T 
                       rur     
             ----1 ---         
         ---       P__         
CflAVS                 AMO     
             : V t     RICH    
t =                    riAfj   
FT" ---I                       
fe- r-                         
fe =                   f       
              cr . k-J ----    
   The Panama Canal

By Frederic J. Haskin

A tithor of “The A merican Government, ’' of which JJO, oco
copies have teen sold.

Why lliis book is the authority on the Canal:

 All engineering chapters corrected by Col. Goethals.
 All illustrations by the official photographer of the
 Canal Commission. A coloied map by the National
 Geographic Society.	Illustrated. Net $J.jj

War and Waste

By David Starr Jordan

 “ The wastes of war are moral as well as economic
 and biological; he does not ignore the moral aspect,
 but spends his energies in clarifying the two latter.
 And tor me he made them not only clear but vivid,
 real.”—Chicago Evening Post.	Net $1.25

“There’s a book
I must read—”

Crowds Jr.

By Gerald Stanley Lee

A uthor of “ Crowds," “ inspired Millionaires," “ The
Voice 0/ the Machines," etc.

You may know the father of this infant “ Crowds ”
(pore); he has become a famous character since his
debut some seven months ago. Now he’s had a son
who is made up of his father’s wit and wisdom.
“Crowds" the father is a book for the bookshelf and
the easy chair, “Crowds Jr.” for the pocket to be read
as time allows.	Net jo cents

Crowds

By Gerald Stanley Lee

The father of the infant is now in its sixth big print-
ing in as many months. The most talked of book in
the country. A serious “ best seller.” Net $/.JJ

Taxation and the Distribution of Wealth

By Frederic Mathews

A volume that connects the formulas of science with the facts of Monday to Saturday existence. Mr. Mathews
shows how impossible it is to discuss financial methods without facing political and social questions, and then
shows the solution for these problems.	Net $2.50

The Carpenter and the Rich Man

By Bouck White

The constructive successor to “The Call of the Carpenter” in
which Mr. White gives the modern application of Christ’s doctrine
of the immorality of the swollen fortune. The rule of riches and
fellowship is impossible. With richer the social revolution will des-
troy. with fellowship it will be Christianized and civilized. We are
now facing this problem. “The Carpenter and the Rich Man ” shows
how it must be solved.	J^et $!.2j

TheThresholds of Science Series

Authoritative Work*—Low PriccM

BOTANY	ZOOLOGY

           By E. Brucker, Professor in the University of France
Volumes in Preparation.	CHEMISTRY, by George Darcen.

MECHANICS, by C. E. Guillaume MATHEMATICS, by C. A. Laiiant

Each volume illustrated. Net 30 cents

DOUBLEDAY, PAGE & CO.,

The Drama League Series of Plays

     This scries of plays is the result of a com-
  bined effort i>n tne part of the Drama League
  and Doubleday, Page & Company to issue
  inocem plays of importance n attractive
  form at the popular price of 75 cents each neL

JUST OUT—Volumes 1 and II

Kindling

By Charles Kenyon

     An American play depicting n-ith sincerity
  and truth the life of the very poor—a play
  that has been running nearly three years and
  in which Margaret lllington did some of the
  best work of her career. Intioduction by
  Clayton Hamilton.

A Thousand Years Ago

By Percy MacKayc

     An oriental fable play taker, from "The
  Arabian Nights." It was successfully pro-
  duced in Boston in the Fall of last year and is
  now running to crowded houses in New York.

       Other Volumes Coming
 The Great Galcoto. by Jose Echcgaray
 The Sunken Bell, by Gerhart Hauptmann

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRJBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

20c

Loves of Ambrose

A Tale of the Forty-Niners

By Stewart Edward White

Author of ** The Rules of the Game” “ The Riverman," etc.

Will you take the opinion of a forty-niner on “Gold ” ?
One of that hardy band who crossed the plains (150
days on the way) in search of El Dorado? Tie says
that in "Gold” he lives again the breathless thrill of
those great days.	Illustrated. Net S/.jj

Wild Animals at Home

By Ernest Thompson Seton

Author of “ mid Animats I Have Known,” etc.

“Just a glance at it revives the thrill of several years
ago, when Mr. Seton was writing enchanting biogra-
phies of grizzly bears and other lales with memorable
titles like ‘The Trail of the Sand Hill Stag.' Certainly
it has the feel of the forest in it, and its illustrations
are more than satisfying.”—The Bookman.

Illustrated. Net $1.3o

By Margaret Vandercook

There was no question as to Ambrose being a unique
hero—tall, homely, good-natured. There could also be
no doubt as to his being romantic, all the girls would
vouch for that, the little orphan, Emly, Peachy and—
but three wives are enough for any man. It is a Ken-
tucky story charmingly and amusingly told.

Illustrated. Net $1.00

Cleek of Scotland Yard

By Thomas W. Hanshew

A new version of “ set a thief to catch a thief.” Cleek
is an interesting character—now Apache—now political
intriguer—now turned detective. Here we find him
Solving one of the strangest riddles that Scotland Yard
has ever had to face, and his adventures in the course
of it are thrilling.	Illustrated. Net $/.*5

A Son of the Hills

By Harriet T. Comstock

A uthor of “ Joyce of the North \lroods "

A Story of the Ragged Mountains of Virginia

 “A book that is charmingly written. Mrs. Comstock’s story has rare merit. It conveys a message from the ‘poor
 whites’ of the Southern hills and voices it sympathetically.”—N. V. Evening Post. Frontispiece. Net ,$r.25

Refractory Husbands

By Mary Stewart Cutting

A uthor of “ Little Stories 0/Married Life," etc.

 “ If you have ever taken the 8:17 train seriously, if you have ever been a commuter or a commuter’s wife or his
 cousin or the guest within his somewhat shabby gates, you will find yourself in ‘ Refractory Husbands.’

“In this collection Mrs. Cutting has caught the absolute essence of surburban life.”—St. Louis Republic. Net $/.oo

Forest Neighbors

By William Davenport Hulbert

When this book was first published some ten years ago a critic
said: “The account of these wild folk was written by an intimate
acquaintance. The life of the woods is depicted with loving fidelity.”
In it are stories of the beaver, the king trout, and other animals, and
all are fascinatingly told. Previously issued at $1.50. It is now
put in popular form.	Illustrated. Net30 cents

300,000 Sold in Five Months

Laddie

A True Blue Story

By Gene Stratton-Porter

 A clean, wholesome story full of the beauties of nature and the joy
 of living; about people who are the back-bone of the country.

Illustrated in color. Cloth, Net {Ss.JJ. Leather, Net $t ~J

GARDEN CITY, NEW YORK

Many People

can not get books. If there
is no book-shop near you,
we shall be glad to send
books on approval. Or,
check the titles you want on
this page and mail us your
check, including postage.

A Complete Catalogue sent
free on request. Also, inter-
esting booklets on: O. Henry,
Joseph Conrad, Booth Tark-
ington, Stewart Edward White,
and “The Kipling Index.”

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
20d

SCRIBNER S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Two Little
Beaded Moccasins

                 and the message "Seek, thou, the vale Yndaia.” That
                 was all. Behind him the military post, brilliant with life, gay
                 Colonial dames, dashing officers, bright festivities. Before him,
                 the trail through those dark. Indian-infested forests meant death.

                   have collaborated to make this new Revolutionary novel a master,
                   piece. It is Chambers at his best—and Chambers’ best is the best.
                   Christy is the one artist whose brush can visualize the wonder-
                   ful descriptive powers of Chambers' pen. Start this great
                   serial of love, war and mystery today in

) "America’s Greatest Magazine” /■

^	This Coupon

      and Only a Quarter

wilt bring you at a 45% saving a thrift
months' trial subscription to Cosmo-
politan containing Chambers' groat
novel. Fill in your nam?, tear out and
mail today to Cosmopolitan Magazine’,
119 West 40th Street. New York City,

Namo

Street

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Di

  The Scribner Bookstore

“All -BooK* of All "Publishers"

Complete Stock of the Early Spring Publications of
America, England and France

Points of Special Interest
TRAVEL BOOKS

  Since these months :ire the months of
travel, travel hooks are given special prom-
inence.

  Two tables have been given to the dis-
play of guide-books—one of those in Eng-
lish and one of those in French. Among
the French are the famous “Joanne
Guides ” for all the countries of the world.
There are also the famous motor-maps of
Europe by Michelin and by Taride, which
are so conveniently published that they
take up negligible space.

  On these tables are also books other than
guides, which relate directly and literally
to artistic and historic points of interest to
travellers.

RARE BOOKS

  One of the most notable editions of tin-
stock of rare books is a set of “ Punch's
Pocket Book.” in thirty-eight volumes,
bound in red levant with panel backs and
gilt edges, which contains 126 original
drawings of Tenniel, and 25 tracings.

  Another is a perfect copy of the first
issue of the first edition of “ Purchas and
His Pilgrims,” published in 1624 in five vol-
umes, which is said to be unique.

  There is also the first edition of “Uncle
Tom’s Cabin.” which was published in
Boston, the first English edition, which has
Cruikshank’s illustrations, and the first
French edition; together with a manuscript-
story and a four-page letter in manuscript
by Mrs. Stowe.

THE EXHIBITION GALLERY

  Some collection of the paintings or draw-
ings of leading artists, or of rare prints, is

597-599 Fifth Avenue

A view of 1 lie Exhibition Gallery

  always on view in this gallery, a picture of
  which is given above. Visitors are welcome.

  THE VERMEER COLOR PRINTS

    The first four of the Vermeer Color Prints
  those colored reproductions of paintings
  in the Metropolitan Museum which the
  Vermeer Publishing Company has sole
  authorization to print—are now in stock
  in the Stationary Department: “Madonna
  Adoring the Child,” by Lorenzo cli Credi ;
  Manet’s “Boy with a Sword”; Vermeer’s
  “Young Woman Opening a Casement”; and
  “The Piazzetta,” by Canaletto.

 ill at 48th St., New \ ork

Iti ansivering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
22	_SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER____

SCRIRNER(iM>\BookNcws

MARCH, 1914

The Lodger

Iiy I rs. Bel lot* Lowiide.s

I new mystery-story by the A uthor
of" The End of Iter Hcneymoon "

   Each of Mrs. Belloc Lown-
des's novels has sold better
than the preceding one. The
last, "The End of Iler Honey-
moon,” is now in its third
printing. It is, in type, similar
to this new one, “The Lodger.”
But, though the mainspring of
“The Lodger” is crime, it is
in no accurate sense a detect-
ive story. The reader hurries
tlirough its pages in the same
breathless suspense in which its
characters are held.

    $1.25 net; ■postage extra

The End of Her
H oneymoon

Bv Mrs. Belloc Lowndes

The New York Times says:

    "If I lie reader has enough self-
control to refrain from a peep at the
closing pages, it will Vic to him as
great a surprise as lo the astounded
seekers for the lost man.”

$1.25 net

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S

The Witness
for the Defence

 ByA.E.W. Mason

  Remember “The Woman in
Wlute,” by Wilkie Collins?

  The Pall Mall Gazette of
Loudon says that this thrilling
romance of England and India
“might rouse the ghost of
Wilkie Collins to envy”—
which implies that Mr. Mason
lias even surpassed “The Four
Feathers” in his new novel.

  $1.30 net; by mail $1.40

Maje:
A Love Story

By Amiistead C. Gordon

With Frontispiece in colors and
other illustrations by
Walter Biggs

  “Maje” is what Hercules,
the giant negro who carried
his young master out of the
“bloody wrangle” at Gettys-
burg, calls his old master, the
major. The subtitle to the
hook is “A Love Storv”—
but it is not a love story in the
ordinary sense, and not till it
is read does the phrase lake
on its true and full signifi-
cance. It is the story oi how
an old Confederate officer,
whose life since “Bloody
Angle” had been a memory of
a dead era, came suddenly
back into the new world of
“since the War.”

  75 cents net; ;postage extra

SONS, FIFTH AVENUE

FOUR PAGES _

The Custom of
the Country

  By Edith Wharton

Chicago Record-IIerald says:

   “The love affairs of Undine
Spragg in 'The Custom of the
Country,’ like those of Lily
Bart in ‘The House of Mirth,’
have given Edith Wharton a
chance to spread before our
eyes .the whole garish fabric of
‘society,’ especially as it exists
in New York. It is in this
field that Mrs. Wharton’s tal-
ents shine most brightly.”
$1.35 net; by mail $1.47

The
Dark Flower

By John Galsworthy

Third large edition

Ellen Glasgow, the novelist,
   says:

   “In his perfect novel ‘The
Dark Flower'—for it is impos-
sible for one who is by tempera-
ment a novelist, not a reviewer,
to speak in measured terms of
praise of work so rare, so del-
icately wrought as this—he
has painted the portraits of
four women that stand out as
softly glowing, as mysteriously
lovely, as the figures in Titian’s
‘Sacred and Profane Love.’”

   $1.35 net; by mail $1.47

Also by John Galsworthy
  “ The Patrician ”

A novfl. 31.35 net.

   “ The Inn of Tranquillity ”

Essays. 81.30 nr/.

   “ A Motley ”

Essays. 81.20 net.

AT 4Slh STREET, N. Y.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

23

Four Books of Extraordinary Interest

 The American Japanese Problem

       By Sidney L. Gulick, D.D., M.A., Professor in Doshisha University, Late
       Lecturer in the Imperial University, Kyoto, Japan.

      A complete discussion of this pressing question by one intimate
      with both countries.	Illustrated. $1.50 net; postage extra

                   A clear, impressive, and illuminating account of the .situation iu regard to the
                   Japanese in California, and a thorough, scientific discussion of the possibilities
                   of the Japanese in this country as immigrants and citizens in general.

 Athletic Training

       By Michael C. Murphy, Edited by E. R. Busline! I. with an Introduction by
       R. Tait McKenzie, Professor of Physical Education in the University of Pennsylvania.
       The fruit of the genius and experience of the greatest trainer of
       modern times.	With 32 illustrations. $1.00 net; postage extra

                 Michael C. Murphy, who trained the American competitors for the last two
                 Olympic games and had previously had charge of the Yale and University of
                 Pennsylvania track teams, was the most famous and successful trainer of track
                 and field athletes who ever lived. Iu this book he has preserved the results
                 of his years of study and practical experience. It is the expert advice of the
                 greatest authority on the subject.

 The Ascent of Denali (Mt. McKinley)

       By Hudson Stuck, D.D., Archdeacon of the Yukon.

      The account of the first and only successful climb to the sum-
      mit of our greatest mountain.	Illustrated. 81.75 net; postage extra

                   This is the story of the climbing of the highest mountain on the North Ameri-
                   can continent. Mt. McKinley, by the leader of the little expedition that
                   achieved it. The attempt had been made by many of the leading sportsmen
                   and mountain-climbers of this and other countries, but no attempt was ever
                   successful until this made by Archdeacon Stuck of the Yukon. The ascent
                   took him and his three companions more than a month, and during that time
                   their daugers and adventures were continuous.

 The United States and Mexico, 1821-1848

       A History of the Relations Between the Two Countries from the Independence
       of Mexico to the Close of the War with the United States.

        By George L. Rives, formerly Assistant Secretary of State.

IVith many excellent maps. Two volumes. §8.00 :wt; postage extra

                  “Mr. Rives has produced a historical work of interest, dignity, and impor-
                  tance. The timeliness of the book is a real as well as an adventitious advan-
                  tage. There is no subject upon which the people of the United States are in
                  more urgent need of better information than that which Mr. Rives has taken for
                  his own. . . . Quite indisputably a standard work.”—John Bassf.tt Moore.

CHARLES SCRIBNER S SONS (	j FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
24

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The General
History of Art
Series

Karli with from five hundred In six
h ii mlre<l Ulusl rill inns

$1.50 net; pontage extra

ART IX SPAIN
  Bv Marcel Dieulai-oy. of
  Paris, Member of the Insti-
  I tile

ART IN FLANDERS
  Bv Max Rooses. Director
  of Plantin-MoretusM useum,
  Antwerp

    Additions to this little series
 of handbooks wliicli connois-
 seurs in the fine arts admire
 highly, and those in book-
 making no less—like the other
 volumes in the series, each is
 written by one of the foremost
 living authorities 011 its par-
 ticular subject, and though
 eaeh is a small octavo, clearly
 printed and indexed, and illus-
 trated with 600 pictures, they
 number in all only :>7<» pages
 each, and yet treat o: all the
 arts of the particular country
 from their very origins up to
 the present day.

Earlier Volumes

Each illustrated. $1.50 net

ART IN EGYPT
  By G. Maspero,

    Director General of the Source of An-
    tiquities iu Egypt.

ART IN FRANCE
  By Loots IIourticq,

    Inspector of Fine Arts in the city of
    Paris.

ART IN NORTHERN
ITALY
By Dr. Corrado Ricci,

    Director General of the Fine Aria and
    Antiquities of Italy.

ART IN GREAT BRITAIN
AND IRELAND
By Sir Walter Armstrong,

    Of the British Museum.

 Plays by

 Bjornstjerne

 Bjornson

   Translated from the Xoruv-
   gian, with Introductions, by
   Edwin Bjorkman. Each
   with Frontispiece. $1.50 net;
   ■postage extra

 Second Series

 '■ Love and Geography "
 “Beyond Human Might"

 “ Laborenius ”

   Three of the most import ant
 of Bjornson s plays which have
 not before been translated into
 English. The first is a com-
 edy of the most delightfully
 witty kind; the second, in a
 certain sense the continuation
 of “Beyond Our Power”
 (which was included in the
 first series of Bjornson’s plays),
 is a most profound and mov-
 ing presentation of spiritual
 and social problems of to-day;
 and the third, which turns on
 the fate of an ultra-modern
 type of adventuress, is a thrill-
 ing drama.

Plays by
Bjornstjerne Bjornson

Firil Strict

 “The New System "

 "The Gauntlet”

 “ Beyond Our Power”

    Translated from the Norwegian,
    with an Introduction, by Edwin
    BjOrkman. Frontispiece. $1.30
    net; by mail $1.65

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

Second Nights

   By Arthur Ruiil, author of
   " The Other Americans,'' etc.

    $1.50 net; by mail $1.(14
 A perfectly charming chron-
 icle of the chief features and
 phases of the metropolitan
 theatre within the past few
 years. The point of view is
 wholly unprofessional, and the
 text, unweighted by the re-
 sponsibilities of the first-night
 critic, is intimate and familiar.

The Fugitive:

A Play in Four Acts

 Bv John Galsworthy

   00 cents net; postage extra

   This is the tragic story of a
 woman who tries to escape
 from the bondage of social con-
 ventions. Clare, the heroine,
 strikes the key-note of the
 whole play, when, in the last
 act, she says to the young man
 she has never seen before:
 “You see: I’m too fine, and
 not fine enough! My best
 friend said that. Too fine,
 ami not fine enough. I couldn’t
 be a saint and martyr, and I
 wouldn't be a soulless doll.
 Neither one thing nor the
 other—that’s the tragedy.”

   It has a deep significance
 when taken in connection with
 t lie feminist movement of to-
 day.

Mural Painting
in America

   By Edwin H. Blashfield

   Illustrated. $"2.00 net; post-
   age extra

   “The entire volume shows
 clearness of thought, careful
 analysis of the topics discussed
 and a facility of expression that
 is seldom found in books writ-
 ten by men of action rather
 than words. Its perusal will
 repay any one of culture.”

   —The American Architect.

FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Collected Essays of
Rudolf Eucken

  Edited and translated l>v
  Mevkick Booth. B.Sc..
  Ph.D. (Jena), translator of
  “Main Currents of Modern
  Thought" and author of
  ‘■Rudolf Eucken: His Phi-
  losophy and Influence"
  Demy 8vo. $4.0(1 net

   This volume contains a collec-
tion of importaut essays by the
famous Jena philosopher from time
to time. Nearly all are new.
Many of them are quite popular in
style and are upon topics lying out-
side the scope of Eueken's system-
atic works.

Collected Essays of
Edmund Gosse

New uniform edition of his
Critical Works in ■! volumes,
per volume $1.50 net, nr in
sets of 5 volumes $7.50 net
The titles arc as follows: “17th
•Centuiy Studies,” “French Pro-
files." “Gossip in a Library,"
"Critical Kit-Kats," "Portraits
and Sketches."

From the Porch

  Bv Ladv Ritchie, Thack-
  eray's oldest daughter
  $1.30 net; postage extra

   A series of kindly and graceful
essays, largely reminiscences of her
younger days and of the celebri-
ties of that time, including Dickens.
Charlotte Bronte, George Eliot,
Carlyle, etc.

Still Happy
Though Married

  Bv the Rev. E. J. Hardy,
  author of “ How to be Happy
  Though Married ”

   $1.50 net; pontage extra

   The writer holds that marriage
is no laughing matter; that the
only thing more serious than to be
married is not to be married. And
this is no apology for matrimony
but a protest for condemning it
without trying it.

Maximilian in
Mexico

Bv I’eHer F. Martin
III list rated. $5.25 net
A timely account of the tragic
reign of Maximilian and his beau-
tiful wife as Emperor and Empress
of Mexico.

The Hapsburg
Monarchy

Bv Hemrv Wickham Steed
$2.50 net

He says: “My objeet is to offer
the fruits of individual experience
and reflection as a modest con-
tribution to the difficult task of
rendering Austro-Hungarian tend-
encies and problems less incompre-
hensible to the outside world."

Motor Ways in
Lakeland

Bv G. I). Abraham
With many illustrations. Sin.
*->.50 net '

This book shows the best of the
beautiful and romantic English
lake countries, and how they may
be seen and understood.

Baedeker

The Indispensable Guide of
the Intelligent Traveller

Egypt .................Spec.net.	84.50

Alps. Eastern...........Spec. net.	3.00

 Austria, includiri; Hungary. Dalmatia.

Bosnia- ■ . .Spec. net.	3.00

 Belgium and Holland ...Spec.nct,	1.80

 Berlin and Its Environs Spee.net.	.00

 France, Northern ... Spec. net.	2.25

France. Southern......Spec. net.	2.40

 Germany. Northern .... .Spec. net.	2.40
 Germany. Rhine from Rotterdam to

Constance.........Spec. net.	2.40

Germany, Southern......Spec, net,	1.80

Great Britain...........Spec, net,	3.00

Greece................Spee.net,	2.40

 Italy, Central, and Rome. .Spec, net,	2.25

 Italy, from Alps to Naples Spec net.	2 40

Italy, Northern .........Spec. net.	2.40

 Italy. Southern: Sicily... .Spec. net.	1.80

 l.ondon and Its Environs. Spec, net,	1.80
 Mediterranean. Seaports and Sea Routes

                        Spec, net,	3.60
 Norway, Sweden, and Denmark

Spec. net.	2.40

 Paris and Its Environs... .Spec. net.	1.80

 Spain and Portucal. .Spcc.net.	4.80

Switzerland ... . .Spec.net,	2.40

CHARLES SCRIBNER’S SONS

Houses andGardens

Bv E. L. Lutyens. Architect
Fill in. $S.OO net
Described and criticised by Law-
rence Weaver. With 500 illus-
trations from photographs, 10(1
plans of houses anti gardens, 16

pages of detailed dtawitigs.

  A summary of I lie work of one of
the most prominent and successful
architects in England, who has
achieved very large success in
many styles of work, anti his wide
range and fertility of invention
provides the reader with a large
series of illustrated texts of the
achievements of modern domestic
architecture.

The Old Halls and
Manor Houses of
Yorkshire

 Bv Louis Ambler
Folio. $14.00 net
With some examples of other
houses built before the year 1770.
With ill full-page plates in collo-
type and half-tone, from photo-
graphs specially taken, and 20
plates of measured drawings, and
over 130 illustrations in the text
from photographs and drawings.

Greek Art and
National Life

 Bv S. C. Kaines Smith,
 M.A., Sometime Scholar of
 Magdalene College, Cam-
 bridge, and author of “The
 Elements of Greek Wor-
 ship." With 7 photogravures
 and many other illustrations.
 $2.50 net

  This is a work upon Greek art,
not as a separate and detached
subject, but as an expression of
the national spirit, and so of a
large significance for any one seek-
ing an insight into the character of
the Greeks.

The Herbaceous
Garden

  Bv Mrs. Philip Martineau
8t’o. $2.75 net
With an Introduction by W.
Robinson, author of "The English
Flower Gardens.” With 32 full-
page illustrations and two illus-
trations in color.

FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBArER’S MAGAZINE
SCHOOLSan,>COLLEC.ES

NEW YORK CITY AND VICINITY

Miss Bangs and miss Whiton-1890-1914                                           The Veltin School                                                          
The only Country School for C.irK in .Vow York City. "A real school."          For Girls. College Preparatory and General Course. Num¬                    
Certificate admits to colleges. A prhate school park of thirty-five acr^>. All ber of pupils limited to twelve in each class. Fireproof building          
outdoor sports. General tee includes instruction in elocution, art aid (lan¬   thoroughly equipped. 160 and 162 West 741I1 Street.                        
cing. Unequalled advantages In music. Advanced special courses.                                                                                           
                                           Kivcrdalt Avenue, near *5=d S-icct.                                                                            
THE GARDNER SCHOOL FOR GIRLS                                                   THE GRAHAM SCHOOL                                                          
Resident and Day Pupils. (57th year.) Exclusive location.                      For Girls. Established in 1816. Resident and day pupils. Gen¬              
Regular and Special Courses. Music. Art. Elocution. Physical                   eral and collcge preparatory courscs. Unrivaled location over¬             
culture. /Esthetic dancing. Outdoor life. City advanages                       looking Riverside Park and the Hudson. Howard D. Miner,                    
with delightful home life. 6o; Fifth Avenue, New York City.                    Principal; Mary Josephine White, Assistant Principal.                      
                                                                                                         43 Riverside Drive (at 76th St.), New York City. 
MRS. HELEN M. SCOVILLE S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS                                      Heathcote Hall                                                             
Air and light of a country home within fifteen minutes of the city             The Misses Lo:k wood’s Collegiate School for Girls. A country              
center. Full rounded study courses suited to individual require¬               school with all the advantages of the metropolis. Faculty of               
ments of Home and Day studer.ts. European travel.                              sixteen instructors. Superior opportunities for Music and Draw¬            
                                                            2042 Fifth Aveaue. ing. Healthful outdoor life. 40 minutes from Grand Central                 
                                                                               Station. Scarsdale, New York.                                              
The Finch School                                                               Elinor Comstock music school                                               
Boarding and Day School for Girls. Intermediate, Upper School                  Miss Comstock, a pupil of l.escheti*ky. established a boarding and day     
and Post Graduate Departments. Technical School includes                       school In 1910 Where environment is an incentive lo serious work and where 
domestic training, secretarial course, book-binding, etc. Mrs.                 a musical education may be perfected. English Literature, French. Psy¬     
Jessica Finch Cosgrave, Principal, 61 East 77th St., New York City.            chology, Hittnry of Att and Classic Dancing. Preparation for Concern       
                                                                               and Operas. Elinor Comstock, Principal, ioco Madison Ave., N. Y.           
THE HOLBROOK SCHOOL FOR BOYS                                                   MISS SPENCE'S BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL                                      
"A school that is better than the catalogue.” 500 ft. elevation,               For Girls. Number in each elate limited to eight pupils. Re                
co&mnndiog a 40-milc view of the Hudson. 30 miles from New                     moved from 6 ’.Vest 48th Street to new fireoroof building 30 West          
York. Complete equipment. All sports. College preparatory.                     5s«h Street. Residence 26 West 55th Street.                                
Character references required. Catalogue on request.                                                                                                      
                                                 Ossining-on-Hudson, New York.                                                                            
Mrs. Hazen s Suburban School for Girls                                         RlVERDALE COUNTRY SCHOOL                                                   
Hatf-hour from Grand Central Station, New York.                                A boarding and day school for boys in the open country at River-           
Mrs. John Cunningham Hazen, Principal,                                         dale-on-Hudson, upper New York City. Fourteen acres. Hardy                 
                                                       Pelham Manor, New York. country' life, sound college preparation, expert physical training.        
The Knox School                                                                Special department for younger boys.                                       
Formerly at Briarcliff Manor. Country School for Girls. 50 min¬                                  Address FrnnL- S Hnrkett. Headmaster.                    
utes from New York City.                                                       Rivcrdalc-on-Hudion, New York Cily.                                        
                      Mrs. Russell Houghton, Principal,                        Telephone, 248 Kingsbridge.                                                
                                               Tarry town-onHud>:on, New York.                                                                            
NEW YORK STATE

Mohegan lake School                                                           Emma Willard School for Girls                                                
Thorough preparation for ColleEc.Technic.il School or BusincM. Aver¬          1 1st year. On the hills, 400 feet above the city. Four new fireproof bulld¬ 
age number of pupils to a class, eigl t. Modern buildings. Healthful loca.    ogs. the Bin of Mrs. Russell Sage. Preparatory. Onrr.il and Special          
tton on Mohegan Lake. Physical Culture ana Athletics under competed!          1---uric- LeltllKete privileges. Music. Art, Elocution, Domestic Science,    
Director. Booklet. A. F.. Kinder. A.M.. Chas. H. Smith, A.M.. Principals      (jymnasiimi with swimming pool. Catalogue on request.                        
Box 61, Mohegan Lake. Westchester County, New York.                                                  Miss Eliza Kell as, Ph.D., Principal, Troy. New York. 
Mount Pleasant Academy                                                        Miss c. e. mason's SuauRBAfs school                                          
Founded in 1814. rrcpates for college, scientific school or business. Ration, for Girls                                                                    
alucd military ssstcm. Manual trailing. MOUNT I'LKASANl HAH ■ (or             Only <0 minutes from New York City. Upper School for girls 1, 10 it          
bovl under 13. SUMMER CAMP in the Berkshire*, under Mr. Brusie's i«r-         l ower School for girls 8 to 13. All departments. Certificate admits to      
so.tal charge, is for boys under IJ. . Send for catalogue.                    lead in if collet'cs. European clu*s. For circular address Miss C. P Mason   
Charles Frederick Biusic. Bo* 508. limning.on-H'.ikon, Y 1                    l-L. M.. Lock !io>: 707, "Tho CA&tlc." Tarry town-on-Hud'ioii, N'ew York.    
26

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

NEW YORK STATE (CONTINUED)

OSSINING SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

 Suburban to New York. 46th Year. Academic. Music. Art and
 College Preparatory Courses. Certificate privileges. Post Gradu-
 ate and special work. Separate house for younger girls. Year-book
 on request. Principals, Clara C. Fuller. Martha J. Naramore,
 Ossining-on-Hudson. N. Y.

IRVING SCHOOL FOR BOYS

    miles from New York, in the beautiful, historic " Irving ” country. --th
 year. 23 years under present Head Master. New site ami buildings 1004.
 I’rcpares for all colleges and technical schools. Individual Instruction.
 Athlctic Field. Swimming Poo). New Gymnasium. J. M. Furman, A.M.,
 Head Master, Box 903, Tarrytowiwon-Hudson. New York.

THE MOUNTAIN SCHOOL

 Elias G. Bkows, a.B., m.D. Allabek. N. Y.

 In the Cat»kills. s.ooo feet elevation. The firsi OPEN AlR cln->1
 for normal boys. 300 acres. Sixth year. College preparation, boarding, for
 boys 8 to 20. Small classes. Individual attention. Expert teaching awl
 physical care. Out*door and winter sports. 24 hours a day in the fresh air.

rye Seminary

 A girls' school, one hour from New York. Diploma for college
 preparatory and general course. Certificate privilege to Vassar,
 Smith, Wellesley and Mount Holyoke. Unusual advantages in
 music. Physical training, riding and outdoor sports.

Mrs. Life, The Misses Stowe, Principals, Rye, New York.

NEW YORK MILITARY ACADEMY

 In Hudson Highlands, near West Point. Four new buildings, most com-
 plete fireproof Military School in the U. S. Army Olhcer In charge of dnll
 and discipline. Special course for West Point candidates. Infantry. Cavalry,
 Cadet If and. Junior Dept. Summer Session. For catalog add revs

The Commandant. Comwall.oii'Hud&on, New York.

MASSACHUSETTS

 The Burnham School for Girls

 Founded by Mary A. Burnham in 1877, is continuing without
 interruption under the direction of Miss Helen E. Thompson
 and Miss Martha C. Burnham. Preparatory. Graduating and
 Special Courses. Correspondence should be addressed to

Miss Helen E. Thompson, Headmistress, Northampton, Mass.

MISS CAPEN S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

 For many years known as " The Burnham School.”

  38th year opens September iQth, 1914.

  Correspondence should be addressed to

Miss B. T. Capen, Principal, Northampton, Mass.

      HOUSE IN THE PINES

         Norton, Mass.	40 minutes from Boston

                           A School for Girls. Extensive grounds and pine groves. Athletic fields for all outdoor sports. Horse-
                           back riding. New dwelling and school building. Intermediate and academic courses. I-mguages—native
                           teachers. Music. Domestic arts, including plain sewing, dressmaking, millinery1, embroidery, costume
                           designing, etc. Domestic science, including cooking and serving of meals, marketing, food values and the
                           care of the home. Every attention, not only to habits of study, hut to eacli girl's health and happiness.
                           MISS GERTRUDE E. CORNISH, Principal

SEA

PINES

HOME SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

             Distinctively Devoted to Developing Personalities

 Genuine happy home life: personal attention and care. Growing girls inspired by wholesome and
 beautiful ideals of useful womanhood. The Cane climate is exceptionally favorable for an outdoor lifo,
 which we make attractive and reaning. One hundred acres ; nine groves, loco feet of seashore, ponies.
 Hygiene and morals are observed especially for results in health, character and education. Gymnastics,
 Music, Handiwork. Domestic Arts. French. German. Spanish—native teacher*. All branches of study
 under patient and enthusiastic instructors. Address

 Rev. Thomas Bickford, Hiss Fsilb Bickford. Principals. P. 0. Box G, Brewsler, Cape Cod. Mass.

               MISS GUILD AND MISS EVANS' SCHOOL

 33d year. College preparatory and general courses. Special ad-
 vantages in Art. Music, Languages and Household Arts. Gymna-
 sium, swimming, outdoor tennis. Catalog.

                20 Fairfield St., cor. Commonwealth Ave., Boston.

BRADFORD ACADEMY

FOR YOUNG WOMEN

          BRADFORD, MASS.

                       Illtli year

 Thirty mites from Boston, in the beautiful Merriraac Valley.
 Extensive grounds and modern equipment. Certificate admits {•*.

 *0 leading colleges. General course of five years and two years’
 course for High School graduates.

Address Miss LAURA A. KNOTT, A.M.. Principal.

Rogers Hall School

                                        For
                                        Girls

  38 minutes from Boston	Faces Rogers Fort Hill Park

   Thorough preparation for college. Advanced courses for graduates of high schools.
   Domestic Science, Handicrafts. Music, Art. Larjre grounds for outdoor sports.
   Experienced instructors in chargc of all athletics. New Gymnasium and Swimming
   Pool. For catalogue address

            Miss OLIVE S. PARSONS. Principal, Lowell. Mass.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE	n

ALLEN SCHOOL FOR BOYS

A school where boys arc made self-reliant. Preparation for
all colleges and scientific schools. Teacher for every 6 boys.
Music. Manual Training. Drawing. 6 buildings. Gymna-
sium. Swimming Pool. Athletic Field. Junior School for
younger boys. Catalogue. West Newton, Mass.
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

MASSACHUSETTS (Continued

Miss Hall's

SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

111 the Berkshire Hills, on
the Holmes Road to Lenox.
Forty-five acres. One thou-
sand feet above the sea level.

Miss MIRA H. HALL, Principal
Pittsfield, Massachusetts

LASELL SEMINARY

 Advanced work for High School graduates. Music, Art, House-
 lio d Sciences. Twenty acres, twelve buildings.

Address G. M. Winslow, Ph.D., Principal,

no Woodland Road, Auhurndale. Massachusetts

TENACBE

 A school lor twenty-five young girls. Preparatory lo Dana Hall.
 Terms JSso.

Miss Helen Temple Cooke, Dana Hall, Wellesley, Mass.

MISS CHAMBERLAYNE’S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

General, Special, and College Preparatory Courses.

'lie Fenway28, Boston.

RESTHAVEN SCHOOL

 Why should uy dauchtkr co to NoAKUtsr. School?

told in an interesting pamphlet, written from the human,
as well as tie educational, standpoint. Sent on request.

 Miss C. R Seabury,

 Mendon, Mass.

MISS MCCLINTOCK’S SCHOOL FOR
GIRLS

A combination of city and country life. Arts and Crafts. Native
teachers in languages. Resident and day pupils. All athletics.
Miss Mary I.aw McClintock. Principal.

Box S. .1 Arlington Street, Boston, Mass.

 Wheaton College for Women

 l ull four-year course with A. 15. degree. Training (or efficient
 home management as well as for the business of life. Special 1 wo-
 year diploma course for high school gradua:es. 17 buildings, too
 acres. Catalo;. Rev. Samuel V. Cole, D.D , LL.D., President,
 Norton, Massachusetts (30 miles from Boston).	_

 Worcester Academy for boys

 All .i«l«uniagc> of •» laige school. Moslci (oMliC*C*>inptchcn:»l»c
 equipment; 10 buildings, 23 acres. Gymnasium. " Mcgaroii." a noble
 recreation hall. Swimming pool. Splendid athletic field. Quarter-mile
 track, mo yard* raight-away. 8ist year. Cata ogue.

                    D. W. Abercrombie. LL.D.. Principal.

                      97'Pfovidcncc Street. Woiorstn.	m.r-'t-

 abbot Academy

 A School for Girls. Founded 1S2S. 13 miles from Boston.
 General course with Household Science. College Preparation.
 Address Miss Bertha Bailey, Principal, Acdover, Mass.

WASHINGTON, D. C,

MARTHA WASHINGTON SEMINARY

 For Young Women. located in the finest resi-
 dential section of the National Capital, over coming
 Dupont Circle. Delightful school life combined
 with Washington advantages. Two years' course
 Jor Irish school graduates. General and special
 courses. Department of Domestic. Science and
 Household Arts, Music, I'-locution. Art and Mod-
 ern Languages. Outdoor Sports. Sight-seeing each
 week. $600 a year upward. Edward W.Thompson,
 Prin., 1601 Connecticut Avenue. Washington. D. C.

GUNSTON HALL

 A School for Girls. Established 1802. Preparatory and Academic
 Courses Two years’ Post-graduate and College work. Music,
 Art. and Expression. Building specially planned for the school.
 Athletics. Mrs. Beverley R. Mason, Principal; Miss E. M.
 Clark. LL.A.. Associate. 1006 Florida Avc-, Washington. P. C.

Bristol School

 For C.irlv French Residence. Elective. Preparatory. A*_ailciul<: and two
 years' Collegiate Courses. New $5*000 additional fireproof building Gym-
 nas um. swimming pool, basketball, tennis. Literature,Psychology. Civics,
 !»y Merrill 11. <ia:es. Ph.D.. LL.D.. L.H.D., ev-Presidcnt Amherst C'dlcge-
 Mis> Alice A. Bristol, Principal, Miuiwood PI. and 19th St.. WaAhingion, D. C.

 National Park Seminary

 For Young Women. The story of the school; its remarkable
 cquipnuni oi 20 buildings; its training in homcmaking ; its study
 of the Capital—can be told fully only in our catalogue. Address
 Box 102, Forest Glen, Md. Washington (Suburbs), D. C.

 National Cathedral School for Girls

 Fireproof building. Accommodation for 100 boarding pupils. In
 Cathedral Close of 40 acres. Unrivalled music, art and special
 courses. Certificates to college. The Bishop of Washington,
 President Board of Trustees; Jessie C. McDonald, M.S., Principal,
 Mount St. Albin. Washington, D. C.__

 Fairmont, a Home School for Girls

 Regular and Elective Courses. Advanced Courses for High
 School Graduates. Music, Art, Expression. Outdoor sports.
 Washington, D. C.

 THE BEST MEDIUM

 for cchool advertising is ihc one which has weight and intlutncc

 in the homes where the advantages of the Private School are
 recognized, appreciated, anil acted upon. Such a medium builds
 up an institution by supplying it with students who will be .1
 credit to it.

NEW JERSEY

 PEODIE INSTITUTE

 An andowed vcliool lor hoy*, oifcrin** ihorotiyh prop iniioii for

ill <>ilt«*ueb

 Strong faculty. 550 Imjvs. Business. Music. 6o-acre campus. Gynniutfum,
 swimming pool. Athletic field. Lower School for boys 11 to u yean..
 Kales $470 jo $500. 4-.th year opened Sept. ?4th. Catalog on request.
 A'ldrcss K. \N. Swctland. A.M.. Box 3 C. IlightMown, New Jersey.

 BORDE NT OW N M I LI TAR Y I N STITUTE

 Thorough preparation lor college or business. Efficient faculty, :omfort-
 aM; buildings, healthful location, careful supervision of athletics. military
 discipline that develops character, and 30 years of experience iu training
 boys. For catalogue, "rite

      Rev. T. H. Landori. A.M.. D.D.. Principal.

      Col. T. D. Landon. Commandant. Hordcutownonthc-Delawaie. N. J.

DWIGHT SCHOOL FOR GIRLS

 College preparatory and special courses. Certificates accepted bv
 leading colleges. Limited number of pupils insures individual
 attention. Spacious grounds. Suburban .o New York. Gymna-
 sium. Tennis riding. Address Box 607. Miss Creighton and
 Miss Farrar. Principals. Englewood, New Jersey.

MONTCLAIR ACADEMY FOR BOYS

 On Ihc Orange Mountains. 50a feel elevation, 13 milt-, from Sew Volk.
 Complete ct|ulpu cm huludintt gymii4sium. swim nllig pool .ml athletic field

 Correspondence, or beller a pcrsonul visit, invited ....... HiOSC ,|c,lnil,. ,|,e

 Uest. Our booklet, '* Your Boy and Our School,'' will interest you no matter
 where vour son is educated. Address

John G. MaeVicar. A.M.. Loci Box 12. Montclair N I

2S

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

CONNECTICUT

Rumsey HALL

 In theLitchficId Hills. Yoiingboys prepared for secondary schools.
 Athletics under supervision Address

Louis If. Schulte. M.A., Headmaster.

Box H, Cornwall. Connecticut.

Ridgefield School for boys

 Fifty miles from Nc»v York. in the highlands ol I he Berk-
 •.hire- All **.11 rr v|H»rts, athletu field*. mn.t* mm I rr-
 tificatc privileges. Limited number of Ih.\s allows each
 student individual attention.

Kolaml J. Mulfonl. lluli.. Headmaster. Kiil^eficid. »u.

tNGLESIDE

A School for Girls. The Misses Tewksbury. Principals.

New Milford. Litchfield County, Connecticut.

The Ely School

  For Girls. In the country.

One hour from New York City.

Ely Court, Greenwich, Connecticul.

A school that prepares for business -

or agricultural life, Harvard, Yale
and other leading colleges. 6 new
fireproof buildings. Gymnasium,
athletic fields and cinder track.

L,oomis

            100-acre school farm and manual
            training shops offer opportunity for
            practical work. S2.000.000 endow-
            ment makes possible the low annual
            charge of $400. Address

                   iV H. Balthtldtr, A.M., Headmaster, Windsor. Cl.

 The Taconic School for Girls

 Overlooking a beautiful lake in the Berkshire Hills. Girls taught
 how to study. New gymnasium. Miss Lilian Dixon. A.B., Prin-
 cipal. Miss Catharine Burrowes, A.B., Associate Principal.
 Lakeville, Conn.

PENNSYLVANIA

The Baldwin School for Girls                                              The Birmingham School, Inc.                                                    
Prepares for Bryn M«v.r. Smith, Vo.\-..-»r and Wellesley College*. Strung For Girls. An excellent school offering either Academic or College             
general ccurse with diploma. Outdoor Class Room; Outdoor Gymnasium:       Preparatory Courses. Beautiful and healnful location in the                    
Winter Basketball Field; Extensive grou.ds (or athletics.                 mouniains. On Main Line P. R, R. Gymnasium. Physical                           
Jane 1.. Brownell. A.M.. Heal.                                            training. For catalogue address                                                
lilixabeth Forrest Johnson. A.B.. Associate Mead.                                                         A. R. Grier, President, Box H, Birmingham, Pa. 
Address Baldwin Schcol, P.O. Box F, Bryn M.ntr, Pa.                                                                                                      
OGONTZ SCHOOL FOR YOUHG LADIES                                            MERCERSBURG academy                                                            
Twenty minutes front Philadelphia. The lale Mr. Jay Cooke’s               Oilers a thorough physical, mental and moral training for collcge or business. 
fine property. Park of 65 acres. The social and family life is a          Under Christian maslers from the great universities. 1 ocatcd in the Cum*      
distinguishing feature. Catalogue and views on request.                   bcrland Valley, one or the most picturesque spots of America. New gym¬         
       Miss A. A. Sutherland. Prindpi.1, Ogonlz School P. O.. Pa.         nasium. Equipment modern. Write for catalog. Address Bo.v ioj.                 
                                                                          W illiam Mann Irvine, LL.D.. Headnnutcr. Mercetsburg, Pa                       
Springsidc                                                                the misses Shipley s School                                                    
Hoarding and Day School for Gir's. Mrs. Chapman ami Miss                  Preparatory to Pryn Mawr College Special educational and                       
Jones, Principals. Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia, Pa.                       social opportunities of situation opposite Bryn Mawr College.                  
                                                                          College Preparatory and Academic Courses. ’ New gymnasium                      
                                                                          and school rooms. For circular, address                                        
                                                                          The Secretary, Box J Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania                                   
MISS MARSHALL'S SCHOOL FOR GIRLS                                          Pennsylvania military College                                                  
A schoo. of many advantages, situated in Philadelphia's most              We train from the ground up, endeavoring to secure the highest                 
beautiful suburb. College preparatory, general and special courses        order of efficiency physical, mental, moral. Degrees granted in                
Music, Art, Elocution. Supervised athletics on the spacious               Civil Engineering. Chemistry, Arts. Also Preparatory Courses.                  
school grounds. Catalogue.                                                Infantry, Artillery. Cavalry. $:d year opcnc-J Sept. 17. SeDd for              
       Miss E. S. Marshall. Principal, Oak Lane, Philadelphia, Pa.        Catalogue. Col. Chas. E. Hyatt, President, Chester, Pa.                        
                                  OHIO                                                                       MARYLAND                                    
Western College for women                                                 The tome School                                                                
Ranks with Lending Eastern Colleges. Sixty-first year. A cen¬             An Endowed Preparatory School. Illustrated Book on Request.                    
ter of stimulating life for thoughtful students. Definite religious                                      Thomas Stockham Baker, Ph.D., Port Deposit, Md. 
influence. Comprehensive curriculum. Music, Arl. Dome‘tic                                                                                                
Science. .550 acres in campus, farm and gardens. New Gymna¬                                                                                              
sium and Swimming Pool. For illustrated literature address                                                                                               
Mary A. Sawyer. A. M.. Litl. D.. Dean, Box 33, Oxford. Ohio.                                                                                             
THE MOST SUCCESSFUL SCHOOLS of to-<]ay began to                           NOTRE DAME OF MARYLAND                                                         
advertise in SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE years ago for pupils                     A (-'••liege f«»r >Vomen---conducted by the School Sister> of Notre Oajuc      
for to-day. To-day these schools are advertising for to-morrow.           to train the body, mind and spirit---to develop true womanhood.                
                                                                          cem buildings in a brautiful nark of ;o acrci. Ku*in£. basketball, tcnni«,     
                                                                          hotkey. Instructors .ill specialists. Regular ami eectlve courses Mu-ii .      
                                                                          Art. Write for catalog. Charles Slieet Avenue. Baltimore. Maryland.            
In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE	-’9
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

NEW HAMPSHIRE

INDIANA

 HOLDERNESS SCHOOL FOR BOYS

 Five buildings. Fifteen acres. Prepares for Colleges and Tech-
 nical Schools, Ranks with lie highest grade schools of New
 Enjland, yet by reason o( endowment the tuition is moderate.
 New gymnasium. 35th year.

Rev. Lorin Webster. L. fi. D.t Rector, Plymouth, N. H.

Elmhurst

 Only high grade non-sectarian country school for girls in the
 Middle West. Outdoor sleeping and study. Health. Efficiency.
 Ideals. Number limited to twenty-four.

R. I). 6. Box 3. Connersville, Indiana.

VIRGINIA

Sweet briar College

 A College for Women, of the jrade of Vassar. Wellesley, Smith
 and Bryn Mawr. Four years of collegiate and two years of prc-
 pantory work arc given. On Southern Railroad south of Wash-
 ington. Catalogue and views sent on application to

Dr. Mary K. Benedict, Frest.. Box 10S. Sweet Briar, Va

TRAVEL SCHOOLS

THE THOMPSON-BALDASSERONI
SCHOOL OF TRAVEL FOR GIRLS

Sails in October with Principal for 14th school year ol travel arid study
abroad. Usual courses. Music no extra, extensive itinerary through
eight countries Mrs. Helen Scott. Sec'y. Centra Avc., Dover. N. H.

CAMP POK-O'-MOONSHINE

 Ad:rondacks. Unquestionably one of the finest camps in the
 country. Ninth season. Sto.coo equipment. Rates absolutely
 inclusive. Address

 Dr.C. A. Robinson, Principal, Peek skill Academy, Peekskill, N.Y.
 Camp Opechee for Bo/s

 On little Uke Sunapeo. ccntral New Hampshire. '* The Swit^cilind of
 America.” Elevation of 1400 feet. A perfectly equipped camp. Running
 water, toilets and bath rooms make this Camp strictly sanitary. Level,
 sandy beach. All land and water *f*orts. Tutoring by men of abi Sty and
 experience. Season lime 25th toSep*. 3rd. Write for booklet. ). G. .Ynilicll,
 A.Si.. William H. Wiley. A.M.. 5 West 93rd Street. Nov York City.

 CAMP Otter, "Highlands of Ontario,' Canada
 Summer Camp for Boys. A sane, health-giving vacation, amid surround-
 ings that inspire fcabits of clean thinking and right living, and that suit the
 rugged as well as the less robust. Real camp life. Land and water snorts.
 Write for booklet. Charles V. P. Young, Professor of Physical Training at
 Cornell University, Ithaca. N. Y.

 Camp moy-mo-da'-yo and Wildwood Lodge

  South Limingtan. Maine. A high-grade camp for girls. Illus-
  trated booklet. Miss Mayo and Miss Mcody, 16 Montview St.,
  West Roxbuiy, Mass.

 Wyonegonic Camps for Girls, Moose Pond
 Thirteenth Season. Three separate camps (ages t> to si). For
 Illustrated Booklet address

Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Cobb, Denmark, Maine.

Twenty-four hours a day out-
of-doors for twenty-five girls

 on the shores of beautiful Newfound Lake
 in the White Mountains under the most
 perfect physical and social conditions.
 This is the offering of the

Pasquaney Nature Club

10th Season • July 1st to September 1st

 Boating, swimming, tennis, mountain climbing,
 aesthetic dancing, and all sports and exercises.
 Large rustic Club House. Abundance of excel-
 lent. wholesome food. Never a homesick girl here
 and not an accident or a day’s serious illness in
 9 seasons. Ages range Irom 10 to 20. Special
 tutoring with competent instructors if desired.
 Direct bv rail from Boston or New York to Bristol.
 N. H..then 7 miles by coach. A free, joy-
 ous, happy Summer assured.

CMRS. L. H. HASS AN. Director
Present Address: 85! West End Ave.. New York

 Camp Winona for Boys, Moose Pond
  Seventh Season. (8 to is years of age.) For Illustrated Booklet
  address C. E. Cobb, Denmark Inn, Denmark, Maine.

Camp Champlain

 An Ideal Summet Camp for Boys on Lake Champlain,
 list Year. Every convenience for safety and comfort. Waterproof tents
 with floors. All .and and water spotts. Leader, carefull) chosea college
 men. Hot of foul. Camp physician. No mosquitoes or malaria. Long-
 distance phone. Number limited.

I. Clarl; Read. A.M.. Berkeley Sr'iool. ;;d St.. New York.

Summer Camp Advertising

 SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE an-
 nounces a special rate for camp
 advertising: four insertions, mini-
 mum space H inch, April, May, June,
 July, $25.00 net cash with order.

   Scribner’s readers are people of
  culture and refinement — leaders in
  their community. If you want them
  to consider your Camp for their chil-
  dren this summer, you must advertise
  in Scribner’s.

30

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
  SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES

DRAMATIC ARTS	CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

AMERICAN

ACADEMY

DRAMATIC ARTS

FOUNDED IN 1884

Connected with
Mr. Charles
Frohman's
Empire Theatre
and Companies

Franklin H. Sargent

President

for Cntaloeue nml Information, apply to
The Secretary, Room 150, Carnegie Hall, New York

WHY NOT BE AN ARTIST?

      STUDY drawing at homo under Expert Faculty.
  Wo have successful students in every pare of
  the world. Turn your Talent Into money. Our
  Studcnto arc filling high salaried positionn. 14 year**
  successful teaching. Endorsed by high authorities.

 18 Courses in Commercial and Illustrative Drawing,
 Teachers'Normal and Applied Art. Profit orCulture.
 Thoroughly Equipped Residence School
 Artist’* Outfit FREE to Enroled Student*

 SCHOOL OF APPLIED ART,790 Applied Art Bldg.,Batlle Creek,Ml:h.

TEACHERS’ AGENCIES

The Pratt Teachers’ Agency

             70 Fifth Avenue. New York
 Recommends teachers to colleges, public and private schools in all
 parts of the country.

Advises parents about schools.	Wm. O. Pratt. Mer.

CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Earn $1000 to $5000 a Year

     You can learn to be a salesman in eight weeks by nail
     and be earning while you are learning. No former exper-
     ience required. Write, today for particulars, large list

     Iood openings and testimonials from hundreds of our stu-
 enta now earning $100 to I6C0 a month. Addrcw nearest office.
 Dept. 44 National Salesmen's Training Association
 Chicago New York Kansas City San Francisco

 The University of Chicago

HOME
STUDY

 22od Year

in addition to resident
work, offers also instruc-
tion by coriespondence.
For detailed in-
formation address

U. of C. (Dir. F) Chicago. III.

PAYS BIG INCOMES.

                                  Large salary positions open
 with big firms. Any one can
 loarn law now. Our simplified
 method trains you at home, in
 spa-e time, by mail, wherever you
 live. Written in plain language
 by greatest legal experts. DogreoofLL. B. conferred. Our graduates
 pass bar examinations in any State—woguarantoeto coach you ffreo
 until succcciful. Complete Law Library furnished, if you enroll now.

pprp tnfhr>RA

__■ 8% Ci Ea who en-

 Writo for. book of fact* FR2E.
 OfPT. 623 CHICAGO. ILLINOIS.

LAW

SlOO Tuition Credit

 roll quick. Oldest, lajgest-ovcr 20.000 student*. Wn

 U SALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY.

The Best Medium

   for school advertising is Ihe one which has weight and
   influence in the homes where the advantages of the
   Private School are rccognized, appreciated and acted
   upon. Such a medium builds up an institution by sup-
   plying it with students who will be a credit to it.

r INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS "

                                Ilm 933. SCRANTON. FA. 1    
       Explain, without any oblifration on my part, how,    
|I can qualify for the position liefore which 1 mark X.l    
1  Snlosmnnfthlp             CivI 1 Service                 
1  Electrical Engineer       Bookkeeping                    
1  Elec. Lighting Supt.      StonoRxnplij'& Typewriting     
1  Telephone Expert          Window Trimming                
   Arehltcct                 Show Card Writing              
   Building Contractor       Lettering and Sign I'ulotinjf  
   Architectural Urnlonmn    Advertlfing                    
   Structural Engineer       ('oomrrcinl Illnttrntinp-      
   Concrete ConHrnction      I ml un trial Designing        
   Meehan. Engineer          Commercial Law                 
   Urrhnnirnl Draftsman      Automobile Runninr             
   Civil Jbinglucer          Englinli Brunches              
   Mine Superintendent       Poultry Farming                
   Stationary Engineer       Teacher SpanUh                 
   Plombinc & Steam Kitting  Agriculture Krrnrh             
   (i.'iH Engines            tbrmUi Grrman                  
1                                                        I  
^ Pre^'ii t Employer                                     I  
^Street and No.                                          l  
u.w                          Cln»A                          
L. - --- --- - -             - --- --- --- -                
YOU Can Rise
to a Position
of Power

   To hold a position of power you
 need to know more about your
 particular business.

    The secret of power and success is lo
 KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT
 SOMETHING.

    Right along these lines the International
 Correspondence Schools train men for
 Positions of Power.

    The I. C. S. gives you “ concentrated ”
 knowledge—specialized training—that en-
 ables you to master easily and quickly every-
 thing you need to know to advance.

    If you can read and write, the T. C. S.
 can help you succeed in the occupation of
 your own selection. To be convinced of
 "this, just mark and mail (he coupon—the
 I. C. S. will send you detailed information
 as to just how you can be qualified to ad-
 vance higher and higher.

    Marking the coupon involves no obliga-
 tion on your part—do it now.
      ’ Train wrecked '
      by the spreading of rails
      during a river flood.
      Eight cars were wholly or
      partially submerged and
      i many persons injured, j

 Are You 7£tna-ized ?

32	SCR1 BXER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

A PERSONAL QUESTION

     Who will care for your loved ones if
     You are accidentally injured or killed?

   They live to-day through your efforts.

Who will take care of them on a fatal to-morrow ?

 AN jETNA ACCIDENT POLICY

   will protect your income and theirs when your earning powers
   cease through accidental injury. To be fair to yourself—to be fair
   to your family is to own an j£tna Accident Policy.
   Write to-day for full information. Use coupon below.

Scribner’s, Tear Oif

/Etna Life Insurance Co. (Drawer 1341) Hartford, Conn.

I am under 65 years ol age and in good health. Tell me about /ETNA Accident
Insurance. My name, business address and occupation are written below.
MAGAZINE NOTES

  Theodore Roosevelt will begin the account
of his experiences as “A Hunter-Naturalist in
the Brazilian Wilderness,” in the April num-
ber, with an article describing his journey up
the Paraguay River to Corumba. He has long
since gone beyond into unexplored regions,
and the result of his explorations and obser-
vations will be antici-
pated with great inter-
est by every reader of
the Magazine. In an
editorial about his pro-
posed journey theiVew
York Sun said: “No
living American can be
better qualified to ex-
plore the wilds of
South America and to
describe its flora and
fauna and its savage
and tremendous sce-
nery with a sympa-
thetic and kindling
interest than Theodore
Roosevelt.” And this
very well expresses the
attitude of every one
who read his African
articles. In this arti-
cle he gives a very clear
impression of the pur-
poses of the journey,
of the geography of the
regions to be explored,
the equipment, the
men of the party.

  The author's inter-
est in natural history,
as is well known, is not
confined to the pursuit
of the larger and dan-
gerous game only. He is keenly alive to all
life. He gives his impressions of the abundant
and varied bird life, notes the variations from
the familiar types he knows so well at home,
both in song and coloration. The aspects of the
country along the river appeal to his sense of
the picturesque. In the river, teeming with life,
he observes the fish, among them the dreaded
piranhas, the man-eaters, the cannibals of the
finny tribe, dangerous alike to other fish and

animals and to human beings who swim or
wade in the waters.

  One of the most interesting personalities of
the expedition is the Rev. Father Zahm, an old
friend of Mr. Roosevelt’s, and himself a noted
traveller. Mr. Roosevelt’s party is made up of
men of various types—and is typically American.

  “In its composition
ours was a typical
American expedition.
Cherrie and Kermit
and 1 were of the old
Revolutionary stock,
Cherrie being o f
Scotch-Irish and Hu-
guenot descent, and
we not only of Dutch
but of about every
other strain of blood
that there was on this
side of the water dur-
ing colonial times. Fa-
ther Zahm’s father was
an Alsacian immi-
grant, and his mother
M as partly of Irish and
partly of old American
stock, a descendant of
a niece of General
Braddock. Miller’s fa-
ther came from Ger-
many, and his mother
from France. Fiala's
father and mother
were both from Bo-
hemia, being Czechs,
and his father had
served four years in
the Civil War in the
Union Army — his
Tennessee wife was of
old Revolutionary stock. Harper was born in
England, and Sigg in Switzerland. We were as
varied in religious creed as in ethnic origin.
Father Zahm and Miller were Catholics, Kermit
and Harper Episcopalians, Cherrie a Presby-
terian, Fiala a Baptist, Sigg a Lutheran, while
I belonged to the Dutch Reformed Church.’’
All of these articles will be profusely illus-
trated from photographs by Kermit Roosevelt
and other members of the party.
MAGAZINE NOTES

  The visitor to Constantinople very soon
realizes that though it is a Turkish city it is
at the same time still Greek in many of its
aspects. Greek traditions are evident on all
sides. To a resident there, for some months,
the picturesque celebrations of “ Greek Feasts,”
which will be described by H. G. Dwight in the
April number, are among the most interesting
experiences in the city on the Bosphorus. “It
is as a religious community that the Greeks
have remained separate since the conquest.
Through their religious observances they have
what is left them of a national life, and assert
their claim to the great traditions of their race.’’

  '“Gave life to save woman; wireless operator
strapped his life-belt on her with death near."
This is the dramatic story of the young man
who went down with the Monroe. In his ar-
ticle about “Sparks of the Wireless,” Walter
S. Hiatt will tell of the men who, with ‘ a tiny
dot, a dash or two,” have brought a new ele-
ment of romance back to the sea.

  ‘The new lad aboard ship is Sparks. He
may be nineteen and lay claim to one and
twenty; he may have hoped to begin life as
an Indian-fighter. But Wireless has made
of him a spanking ship’s operator, one who
dreams of ether waves and transmitters, con-
densers, transformers, and anchor spark gaps;
an operator who can, if need there be, speak a
language for any tongue, play a tune on his
antenna that will ride out the most terrible
of gales, bring succor to the weakest ship,
snatch its prey from the wildest sea.”

V* V

  To some who have travelled in “North Africa
and the Desert,” “On the Mat,” the title of
the article by George E. Woodberry that will
appear in the April number, will at once suggest
a picture of some old Arab at his prayers or
a group of silent figures sitting on their mats
smoking in absorbed contemplation. “It was
afternoon in a small oasis-village of the Libaus.
I settled myself to a long smoke and fell into
reverie and recollection.”

  These reveries and recollections reveal as
no one has before the very soul of the desert
people, their religion, their outlook on life,
the effect of environment upon everything.

V	V

  Kenyon Cox is everywhere known as one
of our foremost painters and teachers of art,
and he is also known to a very large number
of readers as one of the clearest, most informing
writers on art of modern times. He always
has something of the first importance to say,
and he says it in terms that are as easily com-
prehensible to the layman as the painter. The

relations between “Artist and Public' have
been a subject for discussion since the begin-
nings of art, but they have never been more
interesting than in these days of Post-Impres-
sionists, Cubists, and other manifestations of the
“Shock-your-grandmother school.” Mr. Cox
reviews the painters’ position in the past and
pays his respects with his usual incisiveness to
the faddists.

  “The enormous engine of modern publicity
has been discovered by these men. They have
learned to advertise, and they have found that
morbidity, eccentricity, indecency, extremes
of every kind and of any degree, are capital
advertisement. If one cannot create a sound
and living art one can at least make some-
thing odd enough to be talked about; if one
cannot achieve enduring fame one may make
sure of a flaming notoriety. And, as a money-
maker, present notoriety is worth more than
future fame, for the speculative dealer is at
hand. His interest is in ‘quick returns,’ and
he has no wish to wait until you are famous—
or dead—before he can sell anything you can
do. His process is to buy anything he thinks
he can ‘ boom,’ to ‘ boom ’ it as furiously as
possible, and to sell it before the ‘boom’ col-
lapses. Then he will exploit something else,
and there's the rub.”

V	V

  It is a far cry from pumpkins and prize
pigs, from the trotting and pacing races on a
half or quarter mile track of a New England
County Fair to “The Fair in the Cow Coun-
try,” about which W. Herbert Dunton will
write in the April number. It won’t be many
years before the “Wild West” will be only a
tradition. The real thing is still shown, how-
ever, in such exhibitions as Mr. Dunton de-
scribes; the “Frontier Days” show at Cheyenne
is as full of thrills as an aeroplane race. Every-
where is color, whooping hilarious excitement.
People come from long distances in covered
wagons, much as they travelled in pioneer
days “across the plains.”

■*» *>»

  Francis Rogers, the popular American con-
cert singer, will give his impressions of what he
considers should be the real purpose of “The
Singing Teacher” in the cultivation of voices.
The foundation of good voice training is the
acquisition of unerring tone.

  “ Ear, ear, ear. In judging of the merit of
a singer the public rehes solely upon its ear.
Technique interests it but little, but a beau-
tiful tone pleases it immensely. The best
tcchniquc in the world cannot make an ugly
voice beautiful, but it can improve the quality
of any voice, and often seems even to trans-
form mediocrity into excellence.”
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER	35

   Building and Serving

  To build the best car possible. To make
it give ihe greatest possible satisfaction.

  That is the purpose of our company.

  We state it because we believe it will
help us to gain and hold the favorable
opinion of the public as regards our car
and our methods.

  Our ideal is simple enough—to produce
the best, to serve the best.

  Our policy of limited manufacture, not
more than Four Cars A Day, is one of the
practical steps taken to accomplish Loco-
mobile Quality.

  Every Locomobile employee is instructed
to carry out the company motto, Quality
instead of Quantity. He is working for
Locomobile Quality in production or service.

  Our phrase, "The Best Built Car in
America,” is a purpose, an ideal—not a
claim of superiority.

  To accomplish our ideal we must supply
transportation of the highest quality.

  The Cunard Line, with its wonderful
record for both safety and speed, does not
build its ships. Ordinarily the railroad
does not build its rolling stock. The
Locomobile is built in the Locomobile
shops, a plant designed for Quality Work.
It is built from selected materials of the
highest prices and quality and it is made
by expert New England mechanics.

  We create our car, and father it in-
definitely during its use.

  Wc try to make the Locomobile stylish,
luxurious, efficient and above all, safe.

  Every part is tested. Every group of
parts, every chassis, every car, is tested.

   Our idea in going to all this expense and
trouble is to make every Locomobile like
every other Locomobile down to the small-
est details that have to do with efficiency,
comfort and safety.

  A Locomobile, when delivered to the
owner, is watched over by trainer! men
employed in our 16 branches distributed
throughout the country. These branches,
dedicated to our owners, are Service Sta-
tions as well as Salesrooms.

  The word “Service," so far as we know,
has never been defined. We define it as
follows: That effort expended by the Loco-
mobile organization which produces the
continued satisfaction, comfort, and safety
of the owner with the least possible incon-
venience and expense.

  Our branch house system was inaugu-
rated in 1899, our first year, as an im-
portant part of our policy.

  The information and experience result-
ing from the operation of these branch
houses has enabled us to better our car
and our service every year.

The Locomobile Company of America
Bridgeport, Conn.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

"All riyhls secured"

OF JiLL SCENTED SOJtPS PEJtRS- OTTO OF ROSE IS THE BEST

How Very Comfortable!

     This is the sort of feeling that you have after a bath or
awash with Pears—a feeling of natural freshness—the exhil-
aration due to a sense of perfect cleanliness—the glow and
delight of a healthy stimulating influence.

    Pears is composed entirely of natural saponaceous in-
gredients of the highest emollient and detergent properties.
It is so daintily soothing and softening to the skin surface,
and it promotes in a pre-eminent degree that natural beauty
of complexion which is universally admired.

 Pears’ Soap

Best aid to the Health and Beauty of the Skin

                      Matchless for

                           the Complexion

                                    Pears is the Most
                                    Economical of Toilet
                                    Soaps because of
                                    its Double-Lasting

In answering advertisements please mention SCRI BNER'S MAGAZINE

 THE ULAIUC,

 BY WALTER LAUNT PALMER.

                                                                             —Sec - Field „f An," |Uge 403.
Scribner’s Magazine

VOL. LV	MARCH, 1914	NO. %

BREAKING INTO THE MOVIES

BY RICHARD HARDING DAVIS

Illustrations from tiif. “Soldiers nr Fortune” films and from photographs mai»e

ESPECIALLY FOR SCRIP.NKR’S MAGAZINE

my sophomore year my
irst sea voyage, by rare
;ood fortune, led me to
Santiago de Cuba, of all the
itiesof the Pearl of the An-
tilles the oldest, and to me
the most beautiful. During the war with
Spain, owing to San Juan Hill, to Colonel
Roosevelt’s Rough Riders, and to the fart
that at her harbor mouth our admirals
sank the Spanish ships, Santiago became
famous. But when I first visited that
city her history was only of buccaneers
and pirates, and except in the secret hopes
of the Cuban patriots she was in every-
thing—in tradition, customs, costumes,
architecture — wholly Spanish. Within
her walls the few Americans were Reimer,
the American consul, and the mining-engi-
neers of the Juragua Iron Company, ar.d it
was on one of the ore boats of that com-
pany I took my first voyage south. The
late William Wharton Thurston was then
president of the company. It was he who
in Madrid had obtained from the Queen
the concession to carry north the moun-
tain of ore that ten miles from Santiago
rose from the sea at Siboncy. It was his
bribes of diamond rings, his banquets—for
one of which, in a steamer especially char-
tered, he imported a cargo of flowers—his
tact, and his manner of the great gentle-
man that won for the company the good
will of the Spanish officials. It was he
who obtained the loan of regiments of
Spanish soldiers to work the ore.

For the American company those were
the unhappy days. It was the pioneer

Vol. LV.—27

period. Not only had the engineers to
make the dirt fly and clear the jungle, to
build bridges, barracks, hospitals, a rail-
road, and an ore pier, but with diplomacy
to overcome the prejudices and indolence
of a people who, since Velazquez led them
to Santiago, had never changed. At the
mines, from '.hese same engineers, young
and eager, and at La Cruz in the Casa el
Presidente, perched among royal palms
above the harbor of Santiago, from Thurs-
ton, I heard hourly the story of the Ameri-
can company, of its fight against the moun-
tains, agains; the indifferent and hostile
Spaniard. Ten years later, to that story
I added a love story, placed the mines in
an imaginary republic in South America,
and succeeded in getting the story, which
was called “Soldiers of Fortune,” pub-
lished in this magazine. Later it ap-
peared in book form. Still later the dean
of the American dramatists, Augustus
Thomas, turned the novel into a four-act
melodrama which ran successfully for two
years and in stock is still running.

  And ten years after that, hand in hand,
Mr. Thomas and I sailed to Santiago,
again to tell the same story; this time
in a succession of moving pictures.

  I am assured by the All-Star Feature
Corporation, who organized this expedi-
tion, that it was one of the most ambitious
and best-equipped that as yet, for the
single purpose of telling a story on a film,
have sailed from the United States. Al-
ready the rights to the reels we shipped
north have been sold to moving-picture
palaces from St. Petersburg to Rio Janeiro

27s

Copyright, 1914. by Charles Scribner's Sons. All rights reserved.
Printed in New York.
276

Breaking into the Movies

and to all of our United States, where
each day three million people patronize
the movies. Some of these three million
may find in the way the pictures are pro-
duced some of the same interest they take

From a Royal Mail steamer Dustin Fnmum starts on it journey that
covers two mile' of film. Captain Uairett, Mr Thomas,
and Mr. Davis bid hitn Rood-by.

in the pictures. It is in that hope that
this is written.

  A month before our expedition set sail
Mr. John H. Pratt had preceded us to
make the ways straight. It was his duty
to secure for our enter])rise the good will
of the people of Santiago, to obtain the
co-operation of the military, the civil au-
thorities, the Juragua Iron Company,
the Spanish-American Iron Company, the
police, the customs officials; to reserve
board and lodging for the twenty members
of our company; to engage interpreters,
carriages, ponies, launches, and special
trains; and in order to pick out “loca-
tions,” as are called the scenes and back-
grounds of a moving-picture play, to visit

all haciendas, trails, forts, mines, jungles,
palm groves, water-fronts, and harbors
within a ten-mile radius of the city. The
rest of Mr. Pratt’s time was his own.

  When one cold morning late last fall our
company sailerl out of New
York harbor, it consisted of
three actresses, sixteen
actors, two camera men, a
business manager, a stagc-
dircctor, our star, M r. Dustin
Farnum, and Mr. Augustus
Thomas (who, besides being
the director-general of the
All-Star Coqioration, was
also the author of the sce-
nario), and two miles of film.
In my ignorance, for such an
undertaking our expedition
seemed inadequate. I did
not then know that to the
moving-picture people all
the world’s a stage, and men
and women merely actors. I
did not then know that
through the energy of Mr.
Pratt, and the subtle and
diplomatic urgings of the di-
rector-general , volunteer
actors by the hundreds
would flock to our standard,
that to assist us recruits
would enlist from the side-
walks, from mountain passes,
from the decks of ships, from
the most conservative of
clubs and drawing-rooms. I
did not then know that to
many people, of all con-
ditions, to appear upon a film, to see them-
selves as they arc seen by others, and to
have their friends see them, is a tempta-
tion and an adventure. 1 had not calcu-
lated on a human weakness, on the vanity
that even in the heart of the Congo leads
a naked “wood boy” to push in front of
your camera. That he will never see the
photograph into which he has projected
himself does not deter him. He desires
only that his features, which he admires,
may be perpetuated, that they may attain
immortality, even the brief immortality
of a strip of celluloid. But, whatever the
motive, the fact remains that before we
left Cuba, by the addition of “extra peo-
ple,” a few working for pay, the great ma-
The canvas on the ground reflects the light in the face of the actor. The numerals held in front of the camera
give the number *»f the scene about to be photographed.

jority out of courtesy, our cast of charac-
ters had grown from twenty to two thou-
sand. Of these were the soldiers of the
garrison at Santi-
ago, troops of the
GuardiaRurales,or
mounted constab-
ulary, members of
the most distin-
guished of the Cu-
ban families, all the
Spanish workmen
on the pay-roll of
the Juragua Iron
Company, with its
rolling-stock and
good-will thrown in,
the Santiago police,
the American navy,
and hundreds of
kindly strangers
who for one brief
moment passed be-
fore our camera and
out of our lives.

The scenario
prepared by Mr.

Thomas consisted of
two hundred and
thirty-three scenes

and “inserts." In	“Why didn't you bri

 pantomime these scenes tell the plot of the
 play. Later, when they are thrown upon
 the screen, they will cover ten thousand
 feet of film, and in
 passing a given
 point consume two
 hours. W here
 pantomime fails to
 make clear the plot
 an “insert "is used.
 An insert may be
 the facsimile of a
 letter, telegram, or
 any written order;
 or it may be a line
 of explanation,such
 as: “The President
 grants the Ameri-
 can engineer a con-
 cession to work the
 iron ore.” Or, it
 may be a bit of di-
 alogue, or an excla-
 mation which will
 make clear to the
 audience what the
 actor is saying or
 thinking, as, “I
 wonder if I would
 like to be dictator
 ng your own clothes? "	of OlancllO?

277
27S

Breaking into the Movies

  As Mr. Thomas arranged his scenario,
the business of each scene and the word-
ing of each insert were typewritten on a
separate page of cardboard. There were
duplicate sets of these cardboards bound
in flexible-leather covers by adjustable
steel springs, one set belonging to Mr.
Thomas, and the other to his assistant

would read; “President Alvarez in num-
ber six. his wife in number live.” It
sounded as though he were condemning
them to separate cells. But by his sys-
tem Thomas saved endless confusion. As
soon as he had dccided what “location"
he would use, it was necessary only to turn
to the page that called for that location

An impromptu dressing-room. Mr Famum, Miss Brownell, Mist. L’Uilrcll.

and stage-director, Mr. William Haddock.
Each page was as neatly ruled and as
methodically planned as ship’s log. Each
gave the number of the scene and act,
and the “business” of that scene; and
blank spaces were left for recording the
time of day and the kind of sunlight by
which that scene was photographed. In
double columns were the names of the
characters to appear in the scene and the
costumes each was to wear. The cos-
tumes were described by numerals. The
garments a man wore in the mines would
be numbered “i,” his evening clothes
“2,” and if to his evening clothes a belt
and revolver were added, that was counted
as a new costume and described by a new
number. At first it was confusing.

  “Clay in number four,” Mr. Thomas

and at a glance he knew what actors were
needed, in what clothes they were to ap-
pear, and what part of the story they must
carry forward.

  In preparing a film play the scenes are
not produced in the order in which later
they appear upon the screen. Which
scene will be photographed depends upon
the location most available. For exam-
ple, we were at sea and the scenario called
for scenes on shipboard. Accordingly,
for his stage-setting Thomas borrowed the
decks of the Royal Mail boat on which
we happened to be passengers, and for his
backdrop the Atlantic Ocean. One scene
was on board a tramp steamer, the other
011 a passenger ship. So, for our tramp
we showed only the bow of the steamship
Danube, reserving her boat-deck for the
Breaking into the Movies

270

liner; and as in each scene we needed a
ship’s captain, and the same captain could
not appear on both vessels, to the com-
mand of the tramp we promoted the
ship’s doctor.

  Captain Barrett, much to the horror of
his junior officers, all of whom hold mas-
ter’s tickets and write after their names

him and the hungry waves. On his safe
return to the ship he said he now under-
stood why, when in times of disaster boats
are lowered, the men hold back and cry:
“Women and children first!”

  We left the Danube at Antilla and the
same afternoon arrived in Santiago, where,
at the Hotel Venus, on the Plaza de Ces-

A "location'' in the cocoanut grove at El Gnao

R.N.R., appeared as himself. He made
a perfectly good captain, but his actions
on the film are most misleading. In real
life he does not beam upon passengers who
try to run his ship. In real life to mount
to his bridge, as did Mr. Famum, and de-
mand instantly to he placed ashore would
lead only to one’s being placed in irons.
But before the camera Captain Barrett
could not resist the impetuous gestures of
our star, and for him manned a life-boat
and set him ashore. At least, the chief
officer lowered him as near to the water as
was necessary to escape the eye of the
camera. There was a heavy sea running,
and Farnum, clinging to the life-line, and
trying to look as though he liked it, twice
was swung, bumping and pitching, over
the side, with a fifty-foot drop between

pedes, Pratt had established our head-
quarters. That evening, as on every suc-
ceeding evening, in the Cafe de Venus,
within a few yards of the military band
and the pleasure-seekers circling in the
plaza to inspire or distract us, we mapped
out the work for the day to come. Pratt
had selected many locations, and as San-
tiago is one of my “home” towns, I was
able to suggest others; so before he turned
in that first evening the director-general
had arranged his programme, and hung
up a “call” for 6.30. For the legitimate
actors making their first appearance in
the “movies,” and who regard an 11-
o’clock call as an insult, it was in every
sense a terrible awakening.

“It can’t be done!” protested Air.
Conkling, our villain. “You can’t take
280

Breaking into the Movies

photographs without the sun. and the sun
doesn't get up that early."

  We began work at the wharves. Far-
num was shown mounting the gangway
of one ship, and “Ted” Langham de-
scending another. To my surprise I found

the afternoon to the shack of the Ameri-
can engineers, known in the play as ( lay,
McWiiliams, and Ted. At this location
nearly all the characters appeared, and
on our departure from the Venus we moved
in a long line of open carriages, surrounded

Ilupe :iuJ McWilliams huld up the traffic un the tracks of the Jiiragua iron mines.

that neither then nor at any other time
did any one object to our making use of
his ship, his house, or himself. Instead,
ever)' one stopped work, or, if for local col-
or we asked it, continued about liis busi-
ness. Thomas even pressed into our serv-
ice a boat-load of Hamburg-American
tourists.

  “When you return to Boston,” the
director-general insidiously suggested,
“ would you not like your friends to see
you walking about in Cuba?” They de-
cided they would, and devoted their shore
leave in Santiago to acting as supers.

  From the wharves the scene shifted in

by a clattering escort of ponies and a rear-
guard of commissariat wagons filled with
interpreters and lunch-baskets.

  The shack chosen for the engineers
stands in the grounds of El Guao, for-
merly the country place of the British con-
sul I\lr. Ramsden, and later during the
American occupation the official residence
of Major-General Leonard Wood. For
three days we worked there, and the con-
trast between our rehearsals and those of
a play in a Broadway theatre were ex-
treme. El Guao was no gloomy stage
with a single gas-jet by which a hungry,
sleepy, and thoroughly bored company
Breaking into the Movies

281

pretended to read their parts, or with string of flat cars to the lady who had to
avidity study the M orning Telegra ph. In- say, “Stuart, more than life I love you!”
stead we rehearsed among the rustling before an admiring and envious audience
fronds of cocoanut-palms, under the bluest of six hundred Cubans,
of skies, and in the most brilliant sun- Our location on the second day was at
shine. Those who were not in the scene the mines of the Juragua Iron Company,
sat in the high grass where the shade fell. Here the American engineers were sup-
or lay in wait for the small boys who had posed to show the millionaire owner of the
climbed aloft after co-
coanuts, and of the
fruits of their efforts
robbed them. Nor, if
one wanted to smoke,
was there a house-man-
ager or a fire commis-
sioner’s placard to pre-
vent, and the Cuban
cigars were real Cuban
cigars, less sixty per cent
duty. And when the
noon hour came we did
not race to a quick-
lunch counter, but fared
luxuriously on oranges,
mangoes, alligator pears,
and on pineapples that,
at a touch of the fork,
melted into delicious
morsels. It was the dif-
ference between a meal
at a railroad counter
and a picnic in the Bois.

One must not suggest
that in any other sense
it was a picnic. Work
began at 6.30,continued
even though the ther-
mometer was at no0,
and ended only when
the light failed. No one
ever was idle, nor, again
in contrast to the thea-

tre did <lliy one suggest	*ron m'nes	Thomas selects a "location.”

he was not a stage-hand

but an artist. The director-general him- mines and his daughters the result of
self destroyed that illusion. Hesettheex- their labors. The iron company carried

ample of ubiquitous energy. Although in	us to the mines over their own railroad in
supreme authority, he was not one to say a special train that had the right of way

go and come. He went and came him-	over all the ore trains, and throughout our

self. He built scenery, assembled ma-	visit the company held up everything else

chine guns, nailed rifles in piano-cases,	that in any way threatened to interfere

held an umbrella over the camera man,	with the pictures,

policed the side lines, found a place of	On our arrival at the mines the day was

honor for the alcalde, and in his idle mo-	declared a national holiday, and every-

ments drilled, coached, and rehearsed	body quit work.

everything from a troop of cavalry or a	Of the actor engineers the real engineers
282

Breaking into the Movies

were somewhat critical. They suggested
they would like to see the actors do some-
thing more strenuous than escort the
ladies over the landslides. They made it
evident that that part of the work might
safely be intrusted to them. So Farnum,
stripped to the belt and carrying a tran-
sit, laid out a new road-bed, and later
drove a steam-drill, and Mr. Stark, who

Williams laughing gayly, it showed on the
flat car the others pointing out the won-
ders of the mines; but it does not show
the rest of us on the car that held the
camera, imploring McWilliams to keep on
the rails, and prepared at an instant’s
warning to leap into space.

Kirkpatrick, the engineer who was the
original of.the character of McWilliams,

At I.a Cruz overlooking the harbor of Santiago Mr. Thomas directing a love scene.

appeared as McWilliams, ran a locomo-
tive. One of the best pictures we secured
was that of Hope Langham and McWil-
liams in the cab of a locomotive. It
pulled a flat car from which the other
members of their party were supposed to
be inspecting the mines. To that flat car
was coupled another on which was the
camera. It caught all that went forward
in the locomotive and on the first car, as
they moved, sometimes through tropical
jungle, sometimes between walls of ore as
high as a skyscraper, sometimes balanced
on the dizzy edge of a precipice. It made
a splendid panorama. Against the chan-
ging backgrounds it showed Hope and Mc-

died at the mines and was buried there.
And when the actor who represented him
stopped at the grave, dressed as I always
had seen Kirkpatrick, in mining-boots,
blue shirt, and sombrero, it gave one a
curious thrill. It was more curious on
the days following, when our location was
at La Cruz, which Overlooks the harbor
of Santiago. This is the house that was
built for the president of the company
and which, from the reign of Thurston
to that of Charles M. Schwab, hus been
his official residence. In the novel I call
this place the Palms, and it is there that
much of the action of the story takes
place. Sometimes Thomas followed the
Tlie Americans distribute the rifles taken from the filibusters.

                                                                                        2»3
2X4

Breaking into the Movies

scenes in his play, sometimes those in the
novel. But whenever it was possible he
preferred for his backgrounds the exact
places the novel described. So I had the
curious sensation of seeing characters that
had existed only in fiction, but which had
been placed in a real setting, now appear-
ing in flesh and blood in that real setting;
wearing the uniforms or ball dresses I

bor three miles across and the red roofs
of Santiago, and beyond them a great
circle of mountains, with shadows in the
valleys and white clouds resting on the
peaks. And for our immediate needs
there were dressing-rooms, shower-baths,
wicker chairs, a library of novels, and
at disturbingly frequent intervals trays
loaded with the insidious Daiquiri cock-

Madnme Alvarez and Hope "escape" fn>m the palace.

had described and which Charles Dana
Gibson had drawn, walking in the same
avenue of palms, making love in the same
corner of the veranda, fortifying the same
iron gates with real machine guns, issuing
the same commands to real American
bluejackets. It was as puzzling as one of
those moments when you come upon some
spot you know you never have visited
before but which, you feel, in some other
existence, or in a dream, you already have
seen.

  The manager of the iron company, Mr.
T). B. Whitaker, made us welcome at La
Cruz, and few rehearsals ever were carried
forward under such conditions. We were
surrounded by flowering plants and whis-
pering palms; below us stretched the liar-

tail. This latter is the creation of the
late Jennings S. Cox, for some time man-
ager of the iron mines, and it is as genial
and as brimful of brotherly love as was
the man who invented it. It consists of
Barcardi rum, limes, sugar, and cracked
ice; and, so long as it obtained, rehearsals
never dragged and conversation never
flagged.

  Again I fear it reads like a picnic; but
the actors did not find it a picnic. For in
the “out-of-doors” drama one man in his
time plays many parts. In the legitimate
drama the hero has only to read lines, and
other lines inform the audience that he is
brave, that he is daring, that in every out-
of-door exercise he excels. For the spec-
tators of the silent film such hearsay evi-
Real soldiers of ihe Cuban infantry scaling the gates of the palace.

dence is not possible
may not explain in
can climb a tree,
tree. They demand
num, who was mak-
ing his debut in
the film drama,
illustrated this.
When he played
Lieutenant Denton
in Mr. Thomas’s
“Arizona,” every
one in the cast ex-
cept the villain told
the audience that
in all the cavalry
Denton was the
finest officer and
most daring rider.
All Denton actually
did in front of the
audience was to
comb his hair.
But in the “out-of-
doors” drama, with
all out-of-doors to
work in, Thomas
did not give Far-
num leisure to
comb his hair. This
lime Thomas could

  To them the actor not tell the spectators his hero was a
pantomime that he rough rider; but on horseback sent him to
He must climb the jump precipices and scale ravines, and
to be “shown.” Far- so proved it. It was fortunate for our

star that he enjoyed
the strenuous life.
We gave him his
share. And when
we did not invent
work he improvised.
In one scene he es-
corted the wife of
President Alvarez
to the coast, where,
under a heavy fire
from revolutionists,
a shore boat was to
row her to a war-
ship. When the
picture was being
taken, forty feet
from shore, the
boat, loaded with
bluejackets, stuck
onasand-bar. The
boat could not
come to the lady,
the lady could not
go to the boat, and
imaginary bullets

   A “ close u|>," showing Stuart and Alvarez life-size	Were S p 1 a S h i II g

                                                             235
Breaking into the Movies

around her. What was more important, “ In New York, when Thomas engaged
yards of real film were being wasted. Far- me,” he explained, “ he said, ‘ I want you
num acted as the hero of a film drama to play McWilliams. It's a small part,
must act. He lift-

ed the lady to his
shoulders, and,
with the water up
to his arm-pits,
plunged into the
surf and carried her
to the boat. It
made a far better
scene than the one
we had rehearsed.
But, if our hero
had been a small

man-r

  After each scene
in which he ap-
peared Leighton
Stark, who is a very
large man, and who
cn and off is pos-
sessed with humor,
used to mutter
grimly: “ It’s a
small part, bu: a
good one!”

  One day I asked
him the meaning
of this cryptic ut-
terance.

The death of Stuart as shown by Charles Dana
(Jibson in the novel.

but a good one.'
From that I got the
idea T would spend
most o: my time
in Cuba sitting
around the plaza,
instead of which I’m
on in every scene of
the play. It doesn't
matter whether it’s
a mining-camp, or
a ballroom, or a
mountain trail, I’m
in it. I have to
drive engines, coup-
le freight-cars, ride
bucking ponies, and
wear a dress-suit at
six in the morning.
Yesterday, with the
sun at 105,1 had to
climb a telegraph
pole and cut the
wires—and I weigh
two hundred and
fifty pounds! And
to-morrow 1 've got
to wade into the
ocean and shove a

I lie death of Stuart as shown by M r Thomas in the play.
Breaking into the Movies

287

boat through thesurf, and if I don’t drown
the sharks will get me. So that's what I
mean when I say: ‘ It’s a small part, but
a good one.’ ”

  On the other hand, Miss Winifred King-
ston, who was Madame Alvarez, the part
played in the stage version by Miss Dor-

  Miss Kingston really had much more
to do than to register fear, and did it well,
but it seemed as though, as she said, she
always was escaping. One would come
across her in lonely mountain trails, in
the crowded streets of Santiago, in avenues
of arching palms, with the driver of her

The death of Stuart as shown by Mr. Thomas in tile movies.

othy Donnelly, complained that all she
had to do was to escape in a carriage and
“register” fear.

  In the moving-picture language to “ reg-
ister” anything means to put it on record
on the film. If in one scene an actor wears
a certain costume, that costume is regis-
tered, and, once registered, in not the
slightest detail may it be altered. If a
character walks from a garden into a street,
even though the two scenes are photo-
graphed on days a month apart, in both his
clothes obviously must bp the same. It is
not to be supposed that in passing through
a garden gate his tan shoes changed to
patent leathers. And in the same vernac-
ular, when a director wants an actor to ex-
press an emotion, he tells him to “ register ”
indignation, laughter, remorse.

state carriage always lashing his horses,
while she looked back at imaginary pur-
suers and registered fear. For some
time no one but Thomas really knew from
just what she was escaping; we were cer-
tain only that she was a long time about
it. Thomas finally explained she was the
wife of the President, and was escaping
from the palace, where, had she remained,
the disloyal troops would have shot her.
A few days later I found her and her state
carriage in a dripping jungle, entirely sur-
rounded hy mosquitoes and an atmos-
phere comparable only to that of a steam-
laundry. She was in a ball dress, with
arms and shoulders bare, and against sev-
eral thousand mosquitoes was making a
hopeless fight.

  “If I had known,” she cried, punctuat-
2SS

Breaking into the Movies

ing each word with a vicious slap, “ that
escaping was like this, I’d have stayed in
that palace and got shot!"

  But the part had its compensations. In
her ball gown of blue satin and pearls,
with a black-lace mantilla and a towering
crown of tortoise-shell, the Cubans and
Spaniards easily found her the most inter-
esting member of our company. That,
except on match-boxes and bull-tight fans,
no such Spanish woman had ever existed,

  had impressed me as they have thousands
of others: and it was because he possessed
these sterling qualities that 1 supposed
he had been engaged. 1 was wrong. I
found that in choosing his star Mr.
Thomas had considered only whether he
could or could not wear my clothes. Ev-
ery other leading actor in America had
been measured and found wanting. Far-
num had survived every test. It was
proved that he alone was the man whose

President Alvarw gives the signal f«»r his own e.vecition. This is the actor
who "played dead” too realistically.

did not lessen their loyalty. One day she
was escaping at one location when she was
needed at another, and I rode after her
carriage to bring it back. At a cross-road
I asked a man if he had seen an American
woman pass that way. As though still
questioning his eyesight he shook his head.

  “No,” he said doubtfully; “but the
Queen of Spain just went by.”

  When in New York 1 learned that
Farnum was to be our star I was natu-
rally delighted. As the Cow-boy in the
“ Virginian,” the Union Officer in the
“ Little Rebel,” as the hero of “ Arizona, ”
his manliness, his force, his charming good
humor and the naturalness of his acting

  head my hat would fit, whose legs were at
ease in my riding-breeches, whose hands
were not lost in my gloves. So, at enor-
mous expense, they engaged him. The
plot against my property developed at
the first location. The director-general
said critically: “That coat is the sort of
coat a man would wear in a iniiiing-eamp.
Lend it to Farnum—just for this picture.”
The next day they borrowed a sombrero;
on succeeding days riding-boots, leather
gaiters, gauntlets, coats of khaki, coats
of pongee, gray flannel shirts, white flan-
nel trousers, tan shoes, tennis-shoes, my
riding-whip, my raincoat, my revolver.
And when, to cover my nakedness, I
In the patio of a private house the hostess and her friends watch rehearsals for the movies.

begged that any part of my clothing be
returned, I was greeted with exclamations
of amazement and reproach.

  “Impossible!” they cried. “Every-
thing you own is ‘registered’!”

  By that time I had learned that to get
back anything that has once been regis-
tered is as easy as to take the crown jewels
from the Tower of London. There was
one saving clause. Having been told he
was to play a mining-engineer, who spent
his time either on a horse or in the mines,
Farnum had brought with him perfectly
good evening clothes and a high silk hat.
So I was still able to go about at night.

  Before we arrived in Cuba there was a
rumor we were coming to reproduce the
battle of San Juan Hill, and that we wished
to use the soldiers of the garrison to repre-
sent American and Spanish troops. It
took some time to make it clear that the
soldiers were to represent an army which
existed only in a novel, and on the stage.
When, thanks to the diplomacy of Mr.
Thomas and of our consul, Mr. R. E.
Holladay, this was understood, nothing
could have been more courteous and

friendly than the attitude of the Cuban
Government, as represented by the min-
ister of foreign affairs in Havana, and of
Colonel W. I. Consuegra, commanding
the garrison of Santiago Province, and of
his chief-of-staff Major Cucro. At the
disposition of our director-general they
placed as many of two thousand infantry-
men and of the mounted Guardia Rurales
as we needed. They stipulated only that
the soldiers should not appear under any
other flag than that of Cuba. To meet
this very proper condition, Thomas in-
vented a (lag of his own, submitted it to
Colonel Consuegra, and on its receiving
that officer’s approval issued it to the
troops. And if the Cuban troops light
under their own flag as they fought for
us under the green-and-white banner of
Olancho, their enemies had best keep
away from Cuba. They fought so well
that, at what we called the battle of
Obras Tubiica, two were wounded, and at
the battle of El Guao three more were
sent to the hospital. That the list of cas-
ualties was no larger was not due to any
caution on the part of the lighting men.

                                        2S9
290	Breaking into the Movies

They were told to charge the gates of	selves were excellent actors. They quick-

the Public Works, which for the time be-	ly understood, and moved with spirit, and

ing represented the gatesof the President’s	with never a glance at the camera. Only

palace. We meant they were to charge	once were they embarrassed. That was

the “palace guard” who were holding the	when a firing squad that had been told

gates; to drive them back and then to	off to shoot John Santoplis as President

To Mr Thomas md the camera man all the world's a stage, even
the deck uf a ship.

open up so that the cavalry could pursue.
But in an excess of realism the palace
guard, before they fled, bolted the gates.
We feared our picture was ruined. We
did not know the discipline of the Cuban
soldiers. They had been told to take
those gates—so they took them. Mount-
ing on the shoulders of their comrades,
they flung themselves across the sharp
iron spikes, and, while some were impaled,
others with the butts of their rifles drove
the gates open. At that moment the
troopers, eager to get into action, charged
at a gallop, and rode them down. I
thought at least a dozen men had been
injured, and the only moving picture I
foresaw was an exceedingly moving one
of Thomas and myself in the dungeons of
Morro Castle. But the more our sham
battles approached the real thing the
more the soldiers enjoyed them, and,
whether led by their own officers or by the
actors in our play, they fought, marched,
and drilled like veterans. They them-

Alvarez, thought they had killed him. Al-
varez was placed with his back to a cem-
etery' wall and, by dropping the handker-
chief with which they had tried to bind his
eyes, gave the signal for his own execution.
As the rifles cracked he crumpled up,
pitched forward, and fell face downward.
He supposed the camera would show the
firing squad reform and inarch auay. So
he remained motionless. The tiring squad
did not march away, but with increasing
concern waited for Alvarez to come to life.
The prostrate figure did not move, min-
utes seemed to pass, and to every one came
the terrible thought that the men had
been served with ball cartridges. And
then, to the delight of the firing squad, and

111	answer to the excited appeals of the
Americans, Santoplis rose leisurely and
brushed the dust from his trousers.

  On another morning a soldier played
with such realism that he nearly lost us
a valuable actor. The soldier had been
rehearsed to shoot George Stilwcll, who
Breaking into the Movies

291

played Captain Stuart. He stood with-
in three yards of Stilwell, and Thomas
warned him not to aim at the actor but
at a pencil-mark which Thomas scratched
on the wall. When the moment came the
soldier could see in Stuart only the enemy
and banged at him point-blank; and all
that saved Stilwell was Thomas’s flag,
which was floating at his side, and which
received the wadding and powder. As it
was, for some time after he came to life
Stilwell insisted that the top of his head
was missing. Sometimes an accident
gave Thomas a scene he preferred to the
one he rehearsed. Sam Coit, as the
American consul, had to ride a donkey
into the presence of an officer command-
ing a United States war-ship and demand
protection. Frantically working spurs
and whip, Sam approached at a gallop.
But just as he reached the officer, the
donkey in disgust threw out his front legs
and sent the American consul hurtling
through space. It was a better entrance
than the one prepared, and, appreciating
this, Coit, while still on his knees, began
to beg for a war-ship.

  The Hon. Josephus Daniels believes, by
methods that are legitimate, in adding, if
that be possible, to the popularity of the
navy. And it was owing to him and to
his generous point of view, and to the fact
that with the present administration Mr.
Thomas is persona grata, that we were per-
mitted to show in our pictures American
war-ships and bluejackets. Indeed, the
use we might make of them seemed so un-
limited that I wanted to take a moving
picture of our sailors marching into the
city of Mexico. But on looking through
his scenario Thomas said he could find
no such incident. Instead, I had the priv-
ilege of watching Cuban soldiers and our
own bluejackets marching in the same
column. They were under the green-and-
white flag of Olancho. When last I had
seen them together they were allies, and
fighting under flags of a very different
color.

  Should a company of actors of any for-
eign country come to New York and pro-
pose to use Central Park as a battle-
ground, and fire volleys across Madison
Square, you can imagine the permits the
mayor, the police, the bureau of combus-
tibles, the park commissioner, and the
Vol. LV.—28

fire department would require of them.
It also followed that when we invaded
Santiago we were not at once given a free
hand. Our purpose at first was mis-
understood, and often in our ignorance
we neglected to apply for permits to the
proper authorities. Difficulties arose that
as strangers we could not foresee, and the
first week of our visit was spent in cabling
and telegraphing, in visiting high officials,
and in obtaining credentials. If during
that same week our legation in Havana
handled as many international questions
as diplomatically as did Augustus Thomas
at our end of the island, it should be
elevated to an embassy. I admit Mr.
Thomas is our leading dramatist, I grant
he honors the gold medal of the Insti-
tute of Arts and Letters, but I feel that as
a playwright his genius is wasted. Any
man who, in a foreign country, can com-
mand the loyal services of the army of
that country, of his own navy, of the de-
partment of state as represented by our
legation, Consul Holladay and Vice-
Consul Morgan, of the street-car lines,
the electric-lighting company, the police,
and the Roman Catholic Church, should
be a general or an ambassador. If any
one questions this conclusion, I refer him
to the battle of the Plaza Aquilera. On
that occasion, under the orders of Mr.
Thomas, two thousand soldiers and civil-
ians acted before his camera. The tac-
tics and strategy of the battle itself were
worked out by Thomas and the Cuban
officers on many maps, and as methodic-
ally as for a real attack: street-car lines
were tied up, all traffic was halted, and
among those present were the highest
officials of the church, army, and state
and the first families of Santiago, who for
days before had reserved windows and
balconies; and when the battle finally
came off they greeted it as they always
did our out-of-door performances, with
the most courteous applause.

  As a matter of fact, all of our perform-
ances were out of doors. This was pos-
sible only because the action of the play
was laid in Spanish America, where the
indoor life of the people is largely spent
in the patio, or the court around which
the house is built, and which lies open
to the sky and sun. Not; once were we
forced to “build” a scene, or use “studio”
292

Breaking into the Movies

locations. Our interiors were just as
solid and real as our palm groves and
mountains, and jusl as beautiful. For
when the good people of Santiago under-
stood that we wished to photograph their
houses and gardens because we so greatly
admired them, with the most charming
courtesy they invited us to photograph
what we pleased. In twenty years of
visits to Santiago it has been my priv-
ilege to know some of the Cuban families,
and these made us known to others.
From one we borrowed a background or
a fountain; from another a pair of marble
stairs; from the roof of another a view of
the harbor. In this way our President’s
palace spread over half the city. Senor
Batelle graciously gave us the use of his
patio; Senora Schumann the ornamental
entrance gates; Herman Michaelsen, the
German consul, the garden; the San
Carlos Club loaned us one of the most
beautiful ballrooms on this continent—it
is entirely of marble; and our rear en-
trance we stole from the Public Works.
The black stallion with his saddle of silver,
ridden by our star, was loaned us by Senor
Prudencio Bravo, and that was the least
of his many courtesies.

  When we made use of a private house
our host and hostess, as a rule, telephoned
their friends, and as a result we rehearsed
before a large and interested gallery. One
gentleman, who had loaned us his garden,
had built a chapel in memory of his father
which, on the morning we visited his house,
was consecrated with high mass. His re-
turn from that ceremony was so abrupt
that one of his friendscommented upon the
fact. Our host shrugged his shoulders.

  “Any time I can say my prayers," he
explained; “but I seldom can see a man
murdered in my own patio.”

  Under these unusual but charming con-
ditions rehearsals took on a social aspect
which was demoralizing; our paid assist-
ants and interpreters were ousted from
their jobs by the gilded youth of Santiago's
four hundred, and when the young ladies
of the company were called to rehearse a
ride for life, they were found at afternoon
tea.

  After one has watched rehearsals under
these conditions, the traditions and mys-
teries that surround those held in the
theatre seem rather silly. Have you ever

tried to get word to a man who is directing
a rehearsal, or, when you were directing a
rehearsal, have you had the members of
your family, your best friend, a man who
is trying to pay you money, hurled from
the stage-door, or permitted to approach
you only on his tiptoes?

  When the lady who is sweeping out the
auditorium lets fall her mop, have not you
heard the star and the author and the
stage-manager all shriek: “My God! how
can we work in all this tumult?” I re-
called the holy calm, the awful secrecy, of
those rehearsals behind closed doors when
1 saw Thomas and the company bowing
and picking their way among the first
families and murmuring, “No se mueva
usted,” or in the street, dodging trolley-
car^, automobiles, and sun-stroke, while
our fifteen policemen struggled with a
mob of five or six hundred people.

   Amidst all this riot there was one figure
that remained calm. Even the imper-
turbability of our director-general could
not surpass his poise. He was the man
behind the camera; while actors, inter-
preters, policemen fretted and perspired,
he coldly waited. For, no matter what the
others may plot, the only thing that counts
is what he registers. And the last word
always is his. He is all-powerful. He can
“cut out” the love scene of the hero to
“cut in” a messenger approaching on
horseback, or follow him as he climbs the
mountain, or, as he gallops at right angles
to the camera, “pan” him. To “pan” is
to make of the picture a panorama. Some
think nothing is required of the camera
man but to turn the handle. W'ere that
so, the ideal camera man would graduate
from a street-organ. He must be much
more than a motive power. He should
have three hands: to keep the film evenly
unrolling, to swing the eye of the camera
left or right, to elevate or depress it; he
must possess a mind that acts faster than
can any number of humans and animals,
an eye to follow every object in the radius
of his finder, the patience of Job, and the
nerve of a chilled-steel safe. We had such
a one in young Irvin Willat. He better
understood the intricate insides of his
mysterious box than most men understand
the mechanism of a wheelbarrow; he
knew which variety of sunlight called for
which number of grease paint; he knew
Experience

293

which colors registered white and which
black; he knew that the necktie worn by
the villain was not the same necktie he
had registered three weeks previous, and
that the leading lady, since she had last
worn them in front of his camera, had dared
send her gloves to the cleaner’s. Undis-
turbed he would grind his handle from a
moving train, the deck of a pitching ship,
while hanging from a tree.

  Horses rearing and plunging bore down
upon him; men fired point-blank at him;
as he stood between the rails a locomotive
charged him, but he only smiled hap-
pily and continued to grind.. From an air-
ship he had photographed Morro Castle
and the Caribbean Sea. He saw the
world only as food for his camera. Had

his brother Edgar raced in front of it, pur-
sued by a grizzly bear, “brother Irvin,”
with a steady hand, would have “ panned ”
him.

  One day in a cocoanut grove, when
we were standing about at lunch-time,
brother Irvin turned the camera on us to
get a “souvenir” picture. As he did so,
a man on horseback suddenly galloped out
of the trail and shouted: “You arc all
under arrest!”

  We did not know what new permit we
had failed to obtain, and there was an
unhappy silence.

  It was broken by the voice of Irvin
raised in excitement.

  “Move in closer, sheriff,” he shouted;
“I haven’t got you!”

 EXPERIENCE

By Gordon Hall Gerould

Illustrations by James Montgomery Flagg

is easy enough to lose one’s
:haracter, but sometimes
■ery hard to get rid of a well-
leserved reputation. So
l*cter Sanders discovered.
He had abdicated his
throne as king of American gamblers rather
than recognize the suzerainty of district at-
torneys. He could never have been con-
tented to rule in a small way, or to evade by
craft a show of force on the part of powers
which had a standing army of police at their
command. When diplomacy failed, he had
elected, like other wise monarchs of recent
days, to live in dignified and opulent re-
tirement. For some years he had enjoyed
the immunity from care and the absolute
leisure that all ex-kings, who do not plot to
regain their thrones, know to the full.

  For nearly the same length of time, how-
ever, he had found both his retirement and
his leisure too absolute. He had chafed
at his complete idleness and' his complete
isolation. Plans cherished in busier days
for self-improvcmcnt. when he should have
time for it, somehow came to nothing; and
partly because he was so much thrown back

on his own society. In his enforced wan-
derings he could read only the books at
hand, and he lacked the stimulus of intel-
lectual companionship. With the instincts
of many another scholarly gentleman, just
passing middle age, for a solitude tempered
with the choicest distillation of society, he
found himsel: condemned to associate ei-
ther with sharpers or with his valet. In a
philistine world he seldom came upon a
man sufficiently unscrupulous or fearless of
evil report to treat him civilly, whose con-
versation was not extremely dull. He ab-
horred the fraternity of gamblers now that
he had no business with them; and Henry
was no adequate substitute for a circle of
cultivated men and women.

  He had made a few excursions in respect-
ability, but tentative and furtive excur-
sions, which had ended in some sort of
disaster or other. A cynicism bred by watch-
ing his victims in other years had been in-
tensified by observing the efforts of the
righteous to avoid the moral contamination
of his presence. Yet he knew by experi-
ment that just so long as his name, and con-
sequently his reputation, were hidden, the
294

Experience

people whom he liked liked him. It had
all been very discouraging.

  More to pass the time than with any
hope of escape from himself, he took pas-
sage one April, from New York to Ply-
mouth. He wished to attend a book auc-
tion at Sotheby’s on the 29th, but he had
no plans beyond that. He was drifting;
and the currents not infrequently swept
him to the other hemisphere. He escaped
reporters, when he boarded the Sardonic,
by the expedient of having entered his name
on the passenger list as P. Smith, Esq.
Monarchs are objects of public interest even
in exile, and must travel either much her-
alded or incognito. Mr. Sanders’s quiet
taste preferred the latter course. Aboard
ship he avoided publicity by keeping to his
very comfortable state-room on the prome-
nade deck and well forward, or to his chair
in a sheltered spot close by, where Henry
could unobtrusively make him quite un-
recognizable with two rugs and a woollen
cap.

  During the first two days at sea, however,
Mr. Sanders did not need to avoid inquisi-
tive fellow passengers by studied seclusion,
for he was a bad sailor. When he ventured
011 deck, the third morning, he was still too
miserable to care whether he was recognized
or not. Revived by the sun-tilled atmos-
phere and accustomed at length to the
steady lope of the racing steamer, he began
by afternoon to watch with some interest the
procession of promenaders. From his cov-
ert of rugs he could review the endless
chain of chattering persons which wound by
as if impelled by the throbbing engines.
Mr. Sanders was still bilious and a little in-
clined to resent the superabundant health
that was evident in the free gait of the care-
fully veiled women and in the reddening
cheeks of the men. He wondered how they
had the heart to ignore so completely the
rise and fall of the deck; he himself felt so
unnerved and miserable that their vigor
seemed to him mere bravado.

  Yet he liked to watch them, after all. He
felt a queer happiness in being so near to
them, even though he was doing his best to
evade recognition. lie found, as always
was the case on shipboard, an odd pleasure
in making part of a company which during
several days must suffer perforce the same
fate as he. They were the comrades of
Peter Sanders, though the majority of them

would have done anything in their power to
escape the possibility of such an infamy.
That he knew, and he hated the thought of
it. He wished to be upright; and he fell
himself to be in all essentials the equal in
virtue of these people of good repute who
had their friends and their expectations
of friends, their freedom to come and go
without restriction in the circles of which
they made a part. He was frankly envious,
both of their animated health and of their
companionships, though the cynicism of ex-
perience made him sure that most of them
had guilty secrets of their own.

  One young woman he observed with es-
pecial interest. For an hour or more she
passed and repassed his chair at regular
intervals. She did not bounce along, like
so many of the women; she was quietly
dressed, slender and dark; she was a wel-
come relief to a critical eye that disapproved
of all Jews and of most representatives of
other races. She seemed to be more than
twenty, though the upper limit of her possi-
ble age he could not guess. Perhaps she
was twenty-five.

  There would be 110 excuse, Mr. Sanders
felt, for venting his misanthropic scorn upon
this girl. He could not imagine her to be
the guardian of any family skeleton or the
prey of any improper desires. He would
like to talk with her if he were well enough
to talk. He wondered who she was and
where she camc from. Every time she cut
the lines of the railing in front of his chair
he opened his pursy eyes a little, though he
lay quiet all the while with the deathlike
stillness of the seasick. She had for him
the charm of real refinement and utter re-
spectability. With her rapid, even step,
her eager face bent seaward half the time as
if she were some wild thing with kinship
to the deep, she seemed to Peter Sanders
the embodiment of romance and youth.

  The afternoon was waning, and the chill
of the north Atlantic began to penetrate his
covers. He suspected that they were going
to run into fog. “The damned siren will
keep me awake all night,” he reflected.
He grunted two or three times to mark
his emergence from his day-dreams. “San-
ders, you’re a fool!” he said to himself.
“That girl wouldn’t talk to you if we were
shipwrecked on a desert island; and you
know it.” He welcomed the coming of his
valet.
Experience

295

  “Shall I help you in, sir?” asked Henry.
“The first gong has rung.”

  Reclining in his luxurious state-room, Mr.
Sanders ate his dinner of recovery. After
many hours of sleep, he woke the next morn-
ing quite rehabilitated and able to enjoy the
clean sunlight of mid-ocean, lie took an
early breakfast in his own room, for he had
no mind to expose himself to ihe people and
the stuffiness below, or to the service of any
one less skilful than Henry. He liked his
breakfast, and afterward, while the deck
was still comparatively deserted, he took a
walk. It was about the middle of the morn-
ing when Henry brought him, with a cup
of bouillon specially prepared, his opera-
glasses.

  “Excuse me, Mr. Sanders,” said the
man, “but there’s a rather large steamer
approaching off the starboard bow. 1
thought it might amuse you to look at her
as she passes, sir.”

  “Thanks, Henry,” replied Mr. Sanders,
sipping the bouillon. “ It will be highly ex-
citing. Perhaps you think that I’d better
try a game of shufile-board, too, or turn a
few handsprings, to avoid ennui."

  “ I’m sorry, sir,” said Henry, in a tone
from which even his faultless breeding was
unable to keep a trace of injured feeling,
“ but I thought as you'd been in bed so long,
sir-”

  “You are quite right. As you imply, I’m
a beast. As a matter of fact, I shall lie glad
to look at the steamer. Only you’re never
ill, so you can’t appreciate the difficulty of
being both seasick and polite. You may
take the cup now.”

  Assisted by Henry, who forthwith disap-
peared, Mr. Sanders rose. Mechanically,
he adjusted the glasses and, steadying him-
self by the rail, gazed at a small passenger-
steamer which trailed a line of dirty smoke
not far off to starboard. He was profound-
ly uninterested, but felt that courtesy to his
valet demanded a show of concern. One
did not have so excellent a servant with im-
punity.

  He had just decided that it made no dif-
ference to what blanked line the steamer
belonged—it looked even more disgusting
than the Sardonic—when he was startled
by a rather sharp voice, which evidently
was addressing him. “ I beg your pardon.
Can you tell me what she is?”

  He turned, and recognized with amaze-

ment the girl he had watched the previous
afternoon. She stood, quite unabashed,
awaiting his answer. He, on the other
hand, was unable to conceal his embarrass-
ment, and both blushed and stammered.

  “I—I’m very sorry—not to be able to
tell you. W—would you look? My eyes
are not what they were.”

  She acccpted the glasses readily with
an interjected word of thanks. While she
stood gazing at the boat, which was now
directly amidships, she gave him an excel-
lent opportunity to observe her. He liked
her even better at close range and motion-
less than lie had the day before. He didn't
see how her appearance could have been
altered for the better. She was trim and
admirably clothed; she carried herself
well; her small features were cut for beauty
no less than for intelligence. He liked the
upward llash of her dark eyes as she re-
turned the glasses.

  “I can’t make it out either. The fun-
nels are red and black, but she’s not a
Cunarder.”

  “Perhaps I could find one of the offi-
cers,” suggested Mr. Sanders tentatively.
He had recovered his self-possession and
with it his ordinary courteous suavity of
manner.

  “It doesn’t matter, really—it was the
idlest impulse that made me ask you.
Please don't bother. I had no right to
trouble you with my question, and it isn’t
precisely good manners to be talking with
you, of course.”

  “It is a great pleasure to me, I assure
you,” said Mr. Sanders, with reassuring
gravity. “I was feeling rather lonely.”
“Then you have no friends aboard?”
The young lady made her speech half com-
ment and half question. “That must be
rather stupid. I'm not overwhelmed with
acquaintances myself. I know two old la-
dies and the elderly banker who sits next
me at table, but I’m with my aunt.”

  “You are more fortunate than I,” he
answered. “ I suppose you’re never lonely.”
She laughed. “Ought I to be? You
see how easily I scrape acquaintance when
I wish. But, ordinarily, I assure you, I'm
much more conventional than this.”

  “I am the more honored by the excep-
tion,” said Mr. Sanders with a bow. “But
isn’t it perhaps dangerous to make ex-
ceptions, particularly on an Atlantic liner?
Experience

You see. I'm an old fellow and don't pre-
cisely know the limits of convention nowa-
days.”

  “ 1 deserve the reproof,” she answered,
smiling at him frankly, “ but I think you're
paying me an undeserved compliment in
supposing that I need to be chaperoned
every minute. One doesn’t go through
college quite for nothing; one gains, at least,
the confident belief of the world in one’s
abili.y tu look out for oneself.”

  ‘•But you’re not—” Mr. Sanders did
not conceal his genuine surprise. “I’ve
never had the pleasure before of talking
with so learned a lady, at least not to my
certain knowledge. I'm not even a college
graduate myself, but that was a mistake.”
“A mistake?”

  “ In the arrangements of nature. I ought
to have gone to college. I should have had
a more interesting life.”

  “But you must have done interesting
things. That’s a perfectly conventional
thing to say”—she spoke protestingly—
“only I mean it.”

  “ Oh, business is, I suppose, always busi-
ncss,1’ answered Mr. Sanders, with a curi
ous shrug of his- fat shoulders.

  • But big deals and that sort of thing?
You've surely made them, or—or you
wouldn’t be travelling with a man servant.
I saw him leave you just now.” She endec
with a laugh and, crossing her arms on the
railing, looked up at him little-girl-fashion.

  “Yes,” lie admitted doubtfully, “I've
been in some deals; I've managed some
pretty big ones. But they don’t interest
me. I’d rather have your knowledge thar.
my experience.”

  “How absurd!” she exclaimed. “Have
you still to discover that experience, not
knowledge, is what one goes to college for
nowadays ? ”

  He gasped a little. “Not to get learn-
ing? Boys and girls both ? What kind of
experience?”

  “ Oh. of life!” She made merry over his
evident bewilderment. “ They don’t know
anything about life, and most of their pro-
fessors don’t either, so the}- all learn from
one another. It’s extraordinarily simple.
Don’t you see?”

  “ I see,” said Mr. Sanders, “that you are
making fun of me, which is very wrong of
you. Please remember that I’m an old
man who hasn’t been to college and so

hasn't any experience of life. And don’t
forget that I’ve never talked with a lady who
had a college education before I met you.

  “But you haven’t met me!” she re-
sponded, a little uneasily. “ I don't know
why I should go on talking with you like
this—except that I like it. Seriously, you
must have had a great deal of experience
with people.”

  “With some kinds. But mostly with
men.” lie had somehow the feeling that
he was being pushed by her innocence, that
he was on the verge of damaging revela-
tions. What would the aunt say if she
knew that her niece had fallen into conver-
sation with the notorious Peter Sanders?
Despite his rebellion against the code that
made him an outcast, he couldn’t help feel-
ing responsible for the reputation of this
young creature who was so carelessly talk-
ing with him. He wondered, with bitter
irony, why the olVicers didn’t post a warning
against gamblers in the ladies’ cabin as well
as in the smoking-room. He caught only
the end of the girl's next remark.

  “—so much better worth while. Men
who can talk at all always have something
to say.”

  “I’m afraid you flatter us,” he answered.
“At least, most men can’t talk at all, and
most women can talk always. Do you
happen to remember Juvenal’s wicked de-
scription ?

  “‘Cedunt Rrammatici, vincuntur rhetores, om-
        nis

   Turba tacet . . . verborum tanta cadit vis.’”

  “I’m afraid that I don’t,” said the girl,
opening her eyes very wide. “I don’t
even know what it means, but perhaps
that’s an advantage.”

  “ It means,” returned Mr. Sanders, with a
grave face, “that whatever woman says is
right to the mind of any gentleman. That
is why it is wicked.”

  “I don’t believe I do understand,” she
said, looking very much puzzled. “Like
all my kind, I suppose I still have the super-
stition of academic training. We are sur-
prised when we hear a gentleman quote
Latin, particularly if he says that he never
took a college degree.”

  “On your own showing? You see, I
didn’t go to college, so I may be permitted
to know something—a very little—about
books. I’ve had time.”
Experience

  “But you said you were in business.”

  “I was, but I'm very idle now. I cum-
ber the ground and sometimes read. By
the way, you can't have been through col-
lege long.” He felt that he was very bold,
but he had the excuse of her questions to
him.

  “ Oh, almost a year,” she answered. “ I
got my degree last June.”

  “Not so long as i've been through with
business. I’ve had more time than you to
grow wise, only 1 don’t know how very well.
There ought to be a new kind of college for
old men with nothing to do but improve
their minds.”

  “What an amusing idea!” commented
the young lady. ‘‘ What would they teach ?”
“ Lessons in the conduct and associations
of life, I suppose. I’ve just thought of the
plan. Nobody admitted under fifty-five.
From what you tell me, I judge that a course
in human experience would be the best in-
centive to the study of books. The lec-
turers would be recent graduates of colleges,
particularly of women’s colleges, which
would be very pleasant indeed for the old
gentlemen who attended. Don’t you think
it a good idea?”

  “ I think you’re making fun of me now,”
answered the young lady, “ but I’m not sure
but what I like it. One doesn't often have
such a conversation as this.” She bent
forward and looked over the rail at the bub-
bling w'ater as she made the avowal, turning
her head quite away from her companion.

  He laughed. “One would suppose you
had led a very arid and unadventurous
life,” he said, “whereas I’m sure you can’t
have got beyond chaperons without need-
ing them.”

  “Life is very dull,” she countered with
the easy cynicism of the very young, but she
blushed vividly.

  “I usually find it so, but not this morn-
ing,” said Mr. Sanders. “You are very
exciting—to a recluse anyway.”

  “A rcclusc?” She was clcvcr about
leading the conversation away from herself.

  “Every person in retirement is a recluse.
A hermit doesn’t need to have any of the vir-
tues, you know, cxcept the ability to hold
his tongue. I’m not a very good hermit, I
admit, but ordinarily I talk to no one ex-
cept Henry—my man, I mean.”

  “And you find me more exciting than
Henry? Is that a compliment too?” She

laughed in turn, having recovered her self-
possession.

  “That’s the kind of compliment that re-
cluses pay, yes. They’re not clever people,
or they wouldn’t be hermits.” He beamed,
for he felt that he was acquitting himself
very well.

  She beamed also. “I stick to it that
you’re extraordinarily interesting to talk
with. I’m going to do it some more if you'll
let me. I must go back to my aunt now, or
she’ll think I've fallen overboard. I’m go-
ing to be unconventional again—I warn
you, you see. My name is Paula Smith.”
She held out her hand. “ What is yours?”

  It was one of the few occasions in his life
when Peter Sanders lost his wits. Miss
Smith’s appalling frankness broke down
his guard. Unhesitatingly, unthinkingly,
quite as though he had no scandalous past,
he took her hand and answered: “I’m
very glad to have met you now.” And he
added the fatal name, Sanders.

  He was panic-stricken at once. Where
would she run to cover? Would she go
trembling to her aunt or to the captain?
She would certainly turn in flight from the
horror of the revelation. So self-conscious
was he about his reputation that he could
not immediately grasp the meaning of her
reaction. lie bad Jiol believed such inno-
cence possible. She tightened her grasp
of his hand momentarily and said, as she
withdrew it: “It has been such a nice
morning, Air. Sanders! I’ll see you again
soon. Good-by.”

  With a gay nod, she disappeared into
a doorway down the deck, leaving Air.
Sanders much shaken and utterly at a loss
to explain the encounter.

  “What in h—heaven’s name does it
mean?” he murmured.

  lie was surprised, on entering his state-
room, to find Henry making ready to re-
ceive the luncheon-tray. He could scarcely
believe that the morning had so far gone,
but he had enjoyed himself. The pity was
that the experience couldn’t be repeated.
Now that he had revealed his name, she
would soon find out (and the whole ship-
load, as well) who he was. The wonder
was that she had not taken in the full enor-
mity of the situation at once. He should
see her again only at a distance. It was a
pity, though he realized that he had no rea-
son to expect anything else.
29S

Experience

  He was quite as much mystified by the
young lady’s conduct, moreover, as lie was
disgusted by his own awkwardness. He
was not so witless as not to see that her first
question about the steamer had been merely
an excuse for addressing him, but he was
very far from fathoming why she wished
the excuse. Though his experience of wom-
en was the slightest, he was not so fatuous
as to suppose himself in any way attractive
to the boldest young person. He was almost
an old man, he recognized, and he was ap-
proaching both obesity and baldness. Be-
sides, he could not fail to see that his young
lady was, in every particular, a “nice” girl.
Irreproachable as his own conduct toward
the other sex had been throughout a sensa-
tional career, he had known for thirty-five
years the ear-marks of feminine impropri-
ety. lie was an elderly Galahad who
could not be deceived by the most perfect
counterfeit of virtue. He would take a
thousand to one on this girl’s being what
she seemed; and she seemed to him a
charming young lady, as interesting as she
was pretty. In only one particular could
he wish her different: her voice was un-
modulated and, to his critical ear, rather
shrill. That was part of her Americanism,
he supposed. He had heard the kind of
voice lie liked in woman—he quoted Lear’s
phrase to himself—even though he had
seldom talked with any one who used it.
Otherwise she was perfect, a joy to all the
senses and to the most delicate standards of
taste.

  What puzzled Peter Sanders was the diffi-
culty, when you considered her admirable
qualities, of finding any reasonable explana-
tion for his conversation with her. Obvi-
ously, she hadn't known who he was, else
she would never have addressed him; just
as clearly, she was not the kind to address a
stranger without excuse. She had not been
interested in the steamer, and she couldn’t
have felt any interest in him. Between the
two horns of this dilemma he was tossed
uneasily all day long. He pondered the
chances and spent himself in trying to work
out a solution, just as many of his victims
had in other days vainly attempted to find
a “system” that should impoverish him.
The odds were all against him now; he
realized that he did not understand the
workings of the game. At last he gave up
t’le problem altogether, concluding that an

inscrutable Providence had given him an
opportunity for which he should be thank-
ful. He had talked on equal terms for
once with a kind of human being such as
before he had never known.

  lie did not see Miss Smith again that day,
even at a distance. If she walked, she
walked on the other side of the ship. When
Henry, after dinner, asked his master if he
would go out again to see the moonlight on
the water, he was astounded at the reply,
which accompanied a whimsically melan-
choly shake of the head.

  “No, Henry, it’s no use, I fear. It has
been the dark of the moon for me since mid-
day.”

  “I beg pardon, sir?” said Henry.

  “The disappearance of Diana,” ex-
plained Mr. Sanders. “But you won’t
understand, I fear, since you’ve never taken
the trouble to get up your mythological as-
tronomy.”

  “Very good, sir,” Henry answered with
equal gravity, for there were things that he
never tried to understand. “Then I think
perhaps you’d better be got to bed, sir.”

  The following morning Mr. Sanders sat
reading, yet not greatly absorbed, when he
saw his Diana wandering aimlessly along
the deck. To his astonishment she nodded
to him in the friendliest fashion as she
approached. Some feeble aftermath of
youthful pride made him dislike to get out
of his chair in her immediate presence.
He struggled wildly to release himself from
his covers. It was not easy for a person so
rotund as he to rise gracefully from a steam-
er chair. With all his efforts he was in the
act of it, a struggling mass of rugs and
ilesli, when she came opposite. She could
not fail to notice the spectacle; but she
showed her good breeding by ignoring it,
and greeted him demurely.

  “Do you feel like taking a turn, Mr.
Sanders?” she inquired. “ If you do, won’t
you join me?”

  “If I may?” he answered, and took his
place at her side, greatly wondering at his
good luck and a little doubting the propriety
of his conduct. It was awkward. He cer-
tainly didn't wish to make the girl conspicu-
ous by exhibiting himself in company with
her; but he couldn’t in decency decline her
invitation.

  “My aunt is in her state-room with a
headache this morning,” she volunteered.
He lei his heavy eyes close till Uey were the merest slits, and made an answer that he recognized as inane —Page 30a

 Vol. LV.—29	299
Experience

“I have been told that the kindest thing I
can do is to stay away till lunch-time, so I'm
particularly grateful to have some one talk
to n:e.”

  “And I am particularly grateful to be
humbly serviceable to you,” he returned
with heavy-handed gallantry.

  “By the way,” remarked Miss Smith, “ I
looked for your name in the list of passen-
gers. and it seems not to be there. Have
you noticed ?”

  “I confess I haven’t seen the list,” an-
swered Mr. Sanders with an effort. “I’m
a bad sailor, you see, and have my meals
brought up here. They’ve probably made
some mistake about my name. It's not
uncommon.” He was taking care not to
repeat his blunder of the previous day.

  “ Perhaps they’ve set you down under my
name,” said the girl lightly. “There’s a
Mr. P. Smith aboard, who was assigned a
seat at the table with us, but he hasn't come
to the dining-room at all.”

  “Perhaps they have, ’ he replied, glad to
be furnished with so reasonable an expla-
nation. “That would be odd, wouldn’t it ?
I must look into the matter.”

  Both of them laughed, and the conversa-
tion drifted off through a discussion about
errors in names ami cases of secondary
personality to a variety of other topics of
equal interest. Mr. Sanders forgot both his
fears and his scruples, and kept in mind
only his desiie to make the girl so far reveal
her tastes and experiences that he might
discover her reason for making friends with
him. He had no difficulty in persuading
her :o tell what she knew of books and pic-
tures: she gave her opinions frankly, ex-
pressing her preferences and dislikes with-
out any trace of self-consciousness. Her
rcticcncc began only when the talk fell on
themes that might betray her family con-
nections and personal life. She did not
even reveal the name of her college, though
references to it were frequent. Mr. San-
ders was too fearful about overstepping the
boundaries of decorum to question her; he
had the instincts of a gentleman without
the habit of talking with well-bred women.
He learned that she preferred Rossetti to
Byron, but he did not find out whether she
had been reared in town or country. He
had the impression every time the conver-
sation veered to himself, just as he had got
it on the previous day, that he was being

prodded a little to reveal his own expe-
riences as well as his attitude to things in
general. Though by no word or play of
feature did she indicate that she had any
suspicion of his identity with the Peter
Sanders of shameful eminence, she seemed
to think that he must have a fund of inter-
esting stories at command.

  He would have been glad to sa'.isfy his
companion's wliini, except that he could
think of few experiences that seemed proper
to relate. If he told her how he succeeded
in ousting Dick Harris from the ccntrol of
plutocratic gambling, she would be shocked
and go awav, though the struggle had been
exciting; if he sketched the most approved
methods of lleecing young gentlemen ^of
fortune, she would think him “horrid.”
His life and his craft seemed singularly ill
fitted to be subjects of conversation with a
delicately nurtured young lady. Besides,
they didn’t interest him in the very least.
He preferred to appear an elderly nonentity
rather than a celebrated rascal She was
too inexperienced, he felt sure, to make
allowances.

  It all came to a head, at length, as they
halted in a sheltered, sunny corner behind
the bridge and sat down on the edge of
some kind of glazed arrangement for light
and ventilation.

  “I wish,” she said hesitatingly, “you
would tell me—you said yesterday that
you’d put through some big deals—which
one of them interested you most. My
world is singularly lacking in chances for
adventure, and I have to get romance at
second hand.”

  Though she put it in such a tentative
fashion, a horri jle suspicion shot through
Mr. Sanders’s mind, that she might have
guessed his guilty secret. It was, 01 course,
absurd. She wouldn’t have come back
if she had divined. She was probing the
sore quite innocently, and in the ruthless
way that innocents have. He did not know
how to reply without being impolite, and he
needed all his experience of many years to
keep from showing what he felt. He let
his heavy eyes close till they were the merest
slits, and made an answer that he recog-
nized as inane.

  “Romance, 1 suppose, is always what
somebody else has. Certainly, I’m as pro-
saic a person as ever was. Fat men like
me don’t have adventures.”
Experience

  “Fortune doesn't take account of the
figure, does it?” she responded, smiling.
“You admit that you've made a fortune,
yet you are shy of instructing my igno-
rance about the strange ways of it. Noth-
ing seems tome more romantic than making
one’s fortune.”

  “ It's grubby while you’re doing it,” he
replied. “All businesses are pretty much
alike. You’ve got something, or you can
make something, that other people want;
and you sell as much as possible of it every
day. That's the whole game.”

  “Not when you make deals, I should
suppose—big deals,” the girl suggested.
“That must be much more thrilling.”
“Not a bit less grubby anyhow.” He
was evasive, and he chose his words care-
fully. “Chance plays a big part and—
well—being willing to take advantage of the
other fellow’s disadvantages.”

   “ It must be great fun, though,” she said
reflectively, clasping her knees with her
hands, “to stake everything on a single
moment, to plunge in and hope to get out
somehow.”

  Mr. Sanders shrugged his shoulders.
“ Only a fool does that, and he loses almost
every time. He always loses in the end.
The man wins who has calculated the
chances most accurately and who squeezes
hardest.”

  “You make it sound like a combina-
tion of mathematics and football,” she re-
marked laughingly.

  “That’s not such a bad description. I
had a good string of—houses before I re-
tired, but T never stood to lose more than
I could afford. And whenever a man got
in my way I kicked him out. Does that
sound brutal?”

  “A little, perhaps, but I suppose it was
necessary?” She seemed absorbed by his
words, a picture of uncritical innocence.

  “My business was like everybody’s,” he
went on. “I had to do it or go under.
Finally I had to quit—but that's another
story. It hasn’t been a romantic career,
you see.”

  “That depends altogether on the cir-
cumstances, I should say: how you took
chances and why you quit.”

  “Oh, I was forced out. The public
didn’t want what I had to give—or pre-
tended not to. At any rate, they got rid
of me.” He ended with the air of having

completely unbosomed himself, and lie felt
satisfied with his performance.

  “Somebody kicked you out, do you
mean? You got in somebody's way?”
The young lady demanded an even more
explicit statement. “Or did the business
decline? I'm afraid you'll think me shock-
ingly inquisitive, Mr. Sanders; but I’m
really interested to learn how things go
in a world from vchich I’m barred out. I
like the element of chance—the gambling, I
suppose it is. There are disadvantages

about being a woman.”

  Mr. Sanders laughed easily. “In my
opinion,” he said, “you don’t lose anything.
You're not barred in, at any rate, as I’ve
been for a good many years. As to the cir-
cumstances of my retirement, all I’ve said
is true. The business did decline, at least
my business did; and I was forced out.
I don't mean that other concerns don’t
keep on. That’s why I'm bitter about it,
though I long ago ceased to feel any interest
in the business. A man doesn't like to have
his game blocked, that’s all.”

  “Of course not,” said the girl. “One
understands that. But you make the whole
thing sound dreadfully prosaic, somehow.
Don’t you think, you’re a little unkind to
prick the bubble that I’ve blown? If no
good business mar. really plays a gambling
game, what am I going to do for romance ? ”
With a comical tilt of her little head, she
looked up at her companion and sighed.

  She made him feel that he had been awk-
ward and unkind. Though she spoke of it
lightly, he was persuaded that she suffered
from the shattering of her dream. He
knew little about children, but this young
creature seemed to him a child, really, in
spite of her college degree; and, according
to his code, the man was a brute who dark-
ened the sky for a child, even momentarily.

  “I'm dreadfully sorry, Miss Smith,” he
said with sincerity. “You’ve come to the
wrong shop for romance, I'm afraid, but
you may be sure that it exists and that
it will find you sometime. You deserve it,
and I never have.”

  “ Oh, I don’t mean that!” she exclaimed
with a sudden catch of the breath. “Not
that at all! I want the romance that men
are supposed to find in life, even if I can
get it only at second hand.” She laughed
a little uneasily.

  “As to that,” he answered gravely, “I
I')' Jn nil's .Ifor/gi'Wft-j- f'ingg.

••Good Lord! “ lie muttered to himself “ What a incss the world is!'*—Page 306.
Experience

can’t give you much information, you
see.”

  For some seconds she did not speak, but
looked at him questioningly. “I won-
der!” she said at last. “I should think
that there would be romance—real adven-
ture—in professional gambling, even if not
in what they call legitimate business. I
should like to meet a real gambler and have
him tell me about it.”

  Mr. Sanders pulled himself together with
an effort. It seemed to him that his per-
turbation must be visible. Outwardly he
remained calm, and managed to arrange a
dry smile, as he shook his head. “You
wouldn’t like it when it came to the case in
hand,” he remarked. ‘ You’d find the
gambler vulgar and his adventures sordid.”

  “That’s what people always say.” she re-
turned. “Personally, I don’t see why a
professional gambler shouldn’t be a gentle-
man, for certainly many gentlemen are
gamblers. And why is the excitement of
the game more sordid than anything else?
Your ‘deals,’ for instance?”

  “Oh, I said they were grubby.” Mr.
Sanders felt himself caught. Ironic as the
situation might be, it had clearly become
his duty to point out to the young lady the
danger and wickedness of gambling, anti it
was impossible to indicate himself as a
horrible example, though that would have
been his most effective line of argument. He
had never lacked courage, as even his ene-
mies admitted. Forced into the odd role,
he accepted the duties of it without flinch-
ing. His chief difficulty was in finding
something to say.

  “You don’t understand,” he began, “or
I don’t believe you do, the difference be-
tween fighting in the open and fighting
behind trees. I suppose the reason why the
old buccaneers are romantic figures is just
because they sailed up and scuttled ships by
main strength. I must say I think modern
war wculd be more attractive if the soldiers
ever saw the other army. The trouble with
a lot of business, and even more with gam-
bling, is just this: it isn’t aboveboard. A
man can’t get much feeling of adventure
about laying a trap for another fellow to
fall into. At least, my own experience is
that the game gets tiresome, though it’s
better than idleness. Besides, I give you
my word of honor that I’ve never met more
than two or three professional gamblers
Vol. LV.—30

who were at all interesting. I don’t ex-
plain very well, but I’ve had a good deal of
experience.”

  “ With gamblers?” questioned the girl in
evident amusement. “How interesting!”
“Oh, any man meets a lot of queer peo-
ple,” Mr. Sanders replied. The situation
was getting too much for him. He rose,
feeling that in retreat lay his only safety.
“In reality, they weren’t interesting at
all,” he said. “If you wish my advice—
which I’m going to give anyhow—I may
sav that vou'd better avoid them. Not
» »

that they are likely to cross your path!"

  She rose in turn. “ I suppose not,” she
remarked laughingly, “but I wish one or
two really good specimens might. Your
picture of them doesn’t frighten me. T
think—” she stopped and stood with her
hands clasped behind her like a little girl —
“ I think they might be as nice as you arc.
I’m coming back to talk with you again.
Good-by for now.”

  She floated off down the deck, leaving
Mr. Sanders to make his way thoughtfully
to his state-room. He shook his head a
little as he went. It was a pity, he reflect-
ed. that so charming a young lady should
be so deceived about life. Her college
ought, at least, to have enabled her to dis-
tinguish between the tinsel of adventure
and the real thing. Mad about meeting a
gambler! Perhaps the sooner she discov-
ered with whom site had been talking, the
better it would be for her. That would dis-
abuse her of her foolish notions: she would
understand then how little romance had to
do with gambling, or gambling with ro-
mance. He chuckled at the notion that
anybody could conceive of him as a figure
of adventure. But he grew grave again.
His business had been as good as anybody’s,
110 doubt, but it lied been sordid. As for
the girl, it was to be hoped that some young
man would fall in love with her soon, and
woo her well. He almost wished that he
were twenty years younger and a reputable
citizen.

  “Henry,” he said, as he reclined on his
sofa and took up a volume of Ferrero, “ I
have had a very exhausting conversation,
and I need a drink. Scotch, please. Wom-
en are hard to understand.”

  “Yes, sir,” answered the man imperturb-
ably. “ In a tall glass. I suppose. Mr. San-
ders. I never did understand my wife,sir.”
Experience

  Mr. Sanders smiled and began to read,
though he found that the face of Miss Smith
sometimes obscured the lineaments of Ju-
lius Cicsar.

  The afternoon and evening passed un-
eventfully. Mr. Sanders kept to his state-
room, partly because he wished to avoid the
temptation of again meeting Miss Smith
and partly because he was afraid that she
might seek him out. Conscience and poli-
cy alike dictated the severest seclusion. He
could not properly expose her to further
danger from his society; and ho was unwill-
ing to run the risk of being exposed to her
scorn, when she learned that he was a Mr.
Sanders whom she must abhor, the Peter
Sanders of diabolic fame. Luckily, the
voyage was nearing its end. He was to
land the following afternoon. The inci-
dent was closed.

  But Fortune, the goddess whom Peter
Sanders had worshipped so long, spun her
wheel once more. Faithless in all else, she
did not neglect to take vengeance on her
recreant votary. While the Sardonic was
steaming up the Channel under clear skies
and in a fresh land breeze, he left Henry to
finish packing and stepped out on deck. It
was two o'clock. The bustle of landing al-
ready pervaded the ship. In a couple of
hours the Sardonic would discharge those
of her passengers who were landing at Ply-
mouth. As he caught the smell of earth
again and refreshed his eyes with the green
and white of the sunlit coast, Mr. Sanders
suddenly remembered that one obligation of
the trip was not yet discharged; he certain-
ly had not given Henry money to pay a very
modest bill for the week's supply of wine
and whiskey. He stepped back into his
state-room to consult the valet.

  “I'm exceedingly sorry, Mr. Sanders,”
said Henry, “but I supposed, sir, that a
steward had brought the bill in my absence.
I will go at once and rectify the matter.”

  “Never mind,” answered Mr. Sanders,
who saw that the man was unwarrantably
disturbed by his lapse from perfection of
service. “ You’re busy packing. I'll get a
smoking-room steward to look out for it.
That’s the easiest way.”

  With a trace of self-consciousness, he en-
tered the smoking-room. He did not fail
to notice that interested glances were cast in
his direction by men whose appearance
made clear their knowledge of Peter San-

ders and all his ways. He feared a little that
some old acquaintance might accost him.
Quite brazenly, however, he made his in-
quiry. To his astonishment, the steward
returned in a few minutes with the informa-
tion that the purser had 110 bill against Mr.
Smith.

  "But he has!” exclaimed Peter Sanders,
whose honesty had always been meticulous,
even if warped. " I’ll go down and see him
myself.”

  “Very good, sir,” said the steward, pock-
eting a coin. “Thank you, sir. I’ll show
you his office.”

  So Mr. Sanders descended into depths
that he had hitherto avoided, and con-
fronted the twinkling blue eyes of a rubi-
cund officer in a mahogany frame.

  “You must be mistaken, 1 think, Mr.
Smith,” the purser said. “Your bill has
been paid.”

  “But I tell you it hasn’t,” answered Mr.
Sanders, who forgot gentle manners in the
face of such invincible stupidity as this. “ I
haven’t paid it, and my man hasn’t; and I
want to pay it now.”

  “I’m sorry to dispute you,” returned the
purser rather brusquely, “but you owe
nothing. The bill was paid this morning.
It’s entered here: ‘P. Smith, State-room
47-’ ”

  “ I must say your book-keeping seems to
me rather shocking!” remarked Mr. San-
ders, now thoroughly annoyed. “ I’ve never
in my life had so much trouble about pay-
ing a bill. My room is 17, not 47.”
"Huh!” grunted the purser, looking in-
terested and consulting another document.

  “This is odd. 1 see! Two ladies have
47. and one of them is Miss P. Smith. I’m
very sorry indeed, sir; the bill must have
been presented to her.”

  “ What?” roared Mr. Sanders. “And she
paid it? How much is it? I know the
young lady. What a dreadful imposition! ”
"It is very regrettable,” said the officer,
who looked seriously concerned. “The bill
amounts to $417. I will apologize to Miss
Smith personally and at once. Perhaps—
eh—would you mind helping me explain,
since the lady is a friend of yours? It’s
deucedly awkward, you know.”

  He appeared so much disturbed that Mr.
Sanders had no choice but to lend his aid.
Since lie had been so foolish as to acknowl-
edge himself a friend of Miss Smith’s, he
Experience

305

could not well explain that it would be in-
convenient. He paid the bill, and unwill-
ingly accompanied the officer. On the up-
per deck a stewardess was despatched,
with the purser's apologies, to request the
ladies in State-room 47 to grant him a mo-
ment’s interview.

  They emerged at once: Miss Smith and
an older woman, who might have been her
mother except that so obviously she had
never married. They looked a little wor-
ried, and Miss Smith both blushed and
started when she saw Mr. Sanders.

  “I’m exceedingly sorry, Miss Smith,”
began the purser—“I never knew such a
thing to happen before—but we have been
so stupid as to have rendered you a bill
that should have gone to this gentleman.
In your haste you seem to have paid it with-
out protest. I have the sum here—§4.17.
Mr. Smith, as a friend of yours, has been
good enough to come with me to help ex-
plain.”

  “Thank you,” said Miss Smith weakly.

  “Paula,” put in the older woman with
some heat, “what does it mean? Why
didn’t you tell me, instead of paying ? What
was it for?”

  “For liquors,” said Mr. Sanders firmly.
“It was merely a mistake, madam, which I
regret quite as much as any one.”

  “Yes—indeed, yes,” protested theolficer,
placing the money in Miss Smith’s hand,
which closed over it mechanically. “I
hope you will pardon me—it was a quite
shocking blunder—and pardon me if I go
back to my office now ? Mr. Smith will tell
you the circumstances, I’m sure. I am very
busy.”

  He took the license of the occupied and
hastily disappeared, leaving Mr. Sanders to
cope with the disagreeable situation alone.
It was grossly unfair to him, but he was
helpless.

  “Paula,” continued the older lady in-
exorably, “ I wish you would explain what
this means? I wish you would say some-
thing.”

  “There isn’t anything to say,” the girl
replied miserably. She was a picture of de-
jection.

  “Then I wish you would introduce this
gentleman,” said her aunt, “since he seems
to be an acquaintance of yours. Perhaps
he will tell me what it all means.”

  Mr. Sanders felt that by all the laws of

courtesy he must save Miss Smith from her
embarrassment, but he felt very nervous.

  “The mistake was due to the similarity
of our names—a quite natural mistake, you
see—” Under the aunt’s diaspproving
gaze he spoke with increasing confusion.
“I mean, it was quite natural. You see,
I’m Mr. Sanders, Mr. Peter Sanders.”

  In a flash he realized with utter horror
the thing he had done. He did not need
the frozen look in the older lady’s eye, the
perceptible recoil of her body, to show him
how he had blundered.

  “What!” she exclaimed. “How dared
you? Paula, you will explain this instant-
ly, or I shall cable your father from Ply-
mouth.”

  In the stress of the moment Mr. Sanders
found his wits again. His very disgust
calmed him. He, whose nerves had stood
the shock of a thousand turns of fate, had
gone to pieces first before a maiden, and
then before a maiden aunt! “ I am the only
one to blame.” he remarked smoothly. “ I
am a lonely old man and foolishly permitted
your niece to talk with me on two occasions.
I think she has taken no harm from it, but I
apologize to you most abjectly. I had as-
sumed the name of P. Smith for the voyage;
and they seem to have confused us in the
purser’s office. You need feel no further
alarm.”

  “But Peter Sanders!” exclaimed the
lady, whose distress made her forget all
courtesy. “Oh, Paula, how could you?
What would your father and mother say?”

  “I’m altogether to blame,” repeated Mr.
Sanders. “Miss Smith had no notion, of
course, that she was talking with a person of
—of my repute. Inadvertently I told her
my true name. She did not even know that
I was using the name Smith.”

  “But I did! I did!” cried the girl. “I
knew all the time—I knew everything! I
recognized you from your pictures as soon
as I saw you on deck, and—and I asked the
steward when Mr. P. Smith didn’t come to
table. I wanted to see what you were like.”
She was on the verge of tears, but she turned
bravely to her aunt. “It’s I who ought to
ask Mr. Sanders’s pardon, and I do—most
abjectly.”

  “ I see,” said Mr. Sanders gravely. He
was too greatly astonished to say more.

  “Oh, Paula!” ejaculated the older lady,
utterly overcome.
306

In the High Hills

  ‘•I thought it would be a lark,” went on
Miss Smith. “1 fancied you’d be a sort
of civilized pirate. I didn’t see how it could
do any harm. In one way, you’ve been a
great disappointment to me.”

  ‘•What do you mean?” queried Mr.
Sanders, in whom amazement and confu-
sion began to give way to amusement. He
had l.een played by this little girl—he who
had measured himself successfully against
the sharpest wits in America—as if he were
a lad fresh from the country. He enjoyed
the novelty of the situation.

  “I expected you to seem romantically
wicked, I suppose,’’ Miss Smith confessed
shamefacedly.

  “Oh, Paula!” exclaimed the aunt again.
‘•But whatever possessed you to pay Mr.
Sanders’s bill? It is too dreadful!”
“Yes,” answered her niece. “It is. I
knew Mr. Sanders didn't know what I was
up to; and when the bill ramo to me, I
thought he would be still more mystified
if I paid it. I didn’t suppose he would find
out. There never was such a little fool as
I am!”

  The aunt nodded. “That is quite true,
quite true, my dear,” she said.

  Mr. Sanders smiled and turned to the
older lady. “I can’t quite agree with
cither of you, I'm afraid. Your niece’s
folly can't match mine, for I have cut my-
self off from everything I like best. But I
hope you will at least allow me to shake her
hand in parting. I shall have one pleasant
recollection the more.”

  The girl looked up bravely and took his
hand. “ Please forgive me,” she said. “ 11
has been a great experience for me any-
how.”

  “Good-by,” said Mr. Sanders. “Don’t
forget that all the newspapers have said
about me is true. The devil is just as black
as he is painted. You must never play with
lire again—I warned you it was dangerous! ”
“I won’t,” said Miss Smith. “Good-by.”
“ I wish to shake hands, too,” put in the
mini. “ You’re not what T should havr ex-
pected. Good-by, Mr. Sanders.”

  With a low bow Peter Sanders turned
away. “Good Lord!” he muttered to
himself. “What a mess the world is!”

IN THE HIGH HILLS
By Maxwell Struthers Burt

        Gou has lent the wind to you,

        Swept the great sweet mind of you
Keen and clean and splendid as the morn on peaks agleam.

        Peace of sunny hidden hollows

Down whose slope the long light follows,

And the hush is musical with dripping mountain stream.

         God has lent his coolness too;

        Wet green woods and bramble-dew;

Scent of quivering aspen leaves still joyous from rain;

        Ah, if one were burned with sorrow,

        Sleep would come until to-morrow
From a dream of cool fine hands to bless with peace the pain.

        Morn among the high white hills,

         Evening where the forest thrills,

Magical with moonlight, the scented ambient hush:

         Things like these are part of you,

        Soul and mind and heart of you;

Winds and storms and sunny days and sparkling, dawn-wet brush.
WITH THE NAVY

THREE PAINTINGS

 BY

HENRY REUTERDAHL

DESTROYERS IN A SEAWAY

 BATTLE PRACTICE, DIVISION FIRING

THE AMERICAN FLEET IN
THE STRAIT OF MAGELLAN DURING
ITS WORLD - CRUISE, 1907

 MR. REUTERDAIIL, AMONG OTHER VOYAGES WITH THE NAVY, MADE
 THE CRIKSE FROM HAMPTON ROADS THROUGH THE STRAIT OF
 MAGELLAN TO SAN FRANCISCO AND LATER TO THE MEDITERRANEAN

Vol. LV.-31

307
308

Destroyers in a seaway.

From a sketch made at sea by Henry Kcuu
30?

Battle practice, division firing.

From a sketch made on the targct-range by Henry Rcutcrdahl.
The American Heet n the Strait of Magellan du-iiij» if* world crui*c,
          From a jaimlny by Henry Kcutcrtlahl, in lhcN>««>il 'V.«r Collctfu.
 TOUGOURT

BY G. E. WOODBERRY

I

was a cold dawn in late
Vpril at Biskra. The car-
ge, long and heavy, with
-ee horses abreast, stood
the door. Ali, a sturdy
ab, young but with no
look of youth, wound i:i a gorgeous red
sash,sat on the box; and, as i settled in
my place, Hamet, the guide, followed me
gravely and sat down beside me, and at
a word from him we were briskly off on
the long, uneventful drive to Tougourt,
over the desert route of about a hundred
and thirty miles southward, to be covered
in two days’ travel. We were soon beside
the sleepy silence of the oasis, and passed
the old yellow slope that was once a for-
tress to guard it on the edge of the sands;
we dipped along by little fields of fresh
green barley and rose on the steppe of the
bois, a tangle of low undergrowth, scarcely
waist-high, of twisted and almost leafless
shrub that clothes the desert there with
its characteristic dry, rough, tortured, and
stunted, but hardy, vegetation. A few
Arabs were to be seen in places cutting
it for fire-wood. Camels, too, far away
in almost any direction, loomed up, soli-
tary and ungainly as harbor-buoys on a
windless morning tide. On all sides lay
the sharp hlack outlines of oasis-clumps of
palm-trees, distinct, single, solid, each a
distant island, with miles to cross before
one should land on its unknown shore;
and behind us the range of the Aures
seemed to block out the world with the
wild beauty of its precipices, which made
one cliff of all the north as if to shut out
Europe. It was like a wall of the world.
All about us was the desert; everything
seemed cold and gray and distant, life-
less, in the pallor of the morning; but
with every mile the whole world bright-
ened and warmed. Desert air intoxicates
me; every breath of it is wine, not so
much to my blood or my nerves, but to
Vol. LV.—32

my whole being of man; and long before
we reached Bord. Saada, the first halt, I
was keyed to the day. It was a glorious
day, cloudless and blue, and drenched
with sunshine and radiance and warmth
pouring on vast spaces; and the Bordj,
a disused military post, a sort of large
stockade for refuge and defence, standing
solitary on its high ridge, was an old
friend and a place of memory for me;
there once I had turned back, and now I
was going on. There was excitement in
the moment, in the look ahead; and so it
was only as we swept round the curve
down into the valley of oued Djedi, and
crossed its dry channel, that I felt myself
embarked, as it were, 011 my first true des-
ert voyage. I had coasted the Sahara for
a thousand miles here and there, like a
boy in a boat; but now I should be at last
out of sight of land.

  We were rjuite happy voyagers, the
three of us. Ali, on the box, sang from
time to time some cadenced stave, careless
as a bird, in a world of his own; indeed the
drive was an adventure to him. for, as I
afterward found, it was his first going to
Tougourt; and had not Hamet, almost as
soon as we started, liftingone intent, burn-
ing glance straight in my eyes—it was the
first time I had really seen him, as a per-
son—told me that I had brought him
good luck, for that night his wife had
borne him a boy? He was content. A
fine figure, too, was Hamet; he answered,
as no other guide but one I ever had, to
the imagination; he filled my dream of
what ought to be. A mature man, rather
thick-set, with a skin so bronzed that in
the shadow it was black, with the head of
a desert sheik, noble, powerful; when he
moved he seemed still in repose, so sculp-
tural were all the lines of his figure, such
dignity was in every chance attitude; he
seemed more like some distinguished aid
to attend me than a guide. Ilis white bur-
noose fell in large folds, and as he threw it
partly over me in the first cool hour*, he

                          3"
312

Tougourt

disclosed some light white underdress over
whose bosom hung low a great gold chain,
wi:h beads under; a revolver swung in a
leather case, rather tightly drawn below
his right breast with a strap over the shoul-
der; white stockings and slippers com-
pleted his garb. We talked ol trifles, and
the conversation was charming, not too
fluent—talk of the road; but what I re-
member is my pleasure in finding again
what often seems to me that lost grace of
a tine natural demeanor in men. It is of
less consequence to me what a man says
than is his manner of saying it, and speech
is not of the lips only but of the whole
man; and. in my experience, it is the un-
learned who are also unspoiled, that, all
in all, say things best. And ever as we
talked or were silent the horses went on;
the brilliant bare line of the Aures sank
slowly down; and round us was the waste
of rock with its fitful tangle of tamarack
and drin, the sea of sand with its ridged
breadths, the near or distant horizon-lines
as the track rose and fell; and with the
hours the panorama of the road began to
disclose itself.

  The road was really a broad camel-
trodden route on which the carriage-way,
winding about, found going as best it
could; the railway that will sometime be
had been surveyed along it, and the tele-
graph-poles that already bore the wire far
beyond Tougourt into the desert were sel-
dom far away. On the earlier part of the
journey the going was excellent in that dry
season. It was not a lonely road, though
for long stretches it was solitary. Over
the brink of a rise suddenly would spring
up a half-dozen human figures, sharp out-
lines on the blue sky, and a flock would
come tumbling after as if clotted about
their feet, and there might be a donkey or
two; it was a Bedouin family on its north-
ern migration to the summer pasturage.
What an isolated fragment of human life
it seemed, flotsam tossing about with the
seasons, as little related to anything neigh-
borly as seaweed, yet spawning century
after century, living on, with the milk of
goats, in such a waste; and how infinitely
fresh was the simple scene'. one or two men,
a boy, women, children, and goats tramp-
ing in the desert toward water and green
food, a type of humanity for ages—and
it was such a wretched subsistence! But

what a bodily vigor, what a look of inde-
pendence, what a sense of liberty there
was there, too! Now it would be two or
three camels with the canopy in which
women ride, with flocks, too, and more
men and boys, more warmly clad, with
more color and importance—some wealth-
ier headman with his family going the
same northward journey. Or, as the car-
riage crested some ridge, we would see
miles ahead a long line creeping on toward
us—a trade caravan: and after a while it
would pass, the camels pouting in high air,
under the loads of balanced boxes or bales
laid across them, lumbering dumbly along
in the great silence, like convicts, as it al-
ways seems to me, from another sphere of
existence.

  Many creatures give me vividly this im-
pression of having haplessly intruded into
a state of being not meant for them. The
turtles in the swampsof my boyhood, lean-
ing their sly and protruded heads out of
their impossible shells, the fish that have
great staring eyes in aquariums, frogs and
toads and all centipedal sea creatures, are
to me foreigners to life, strays, misbirths,
“moving about in worlds not realized,"
and all grotesque forms of life—even
human deformity when it becomes gro-
tesque—wake in me something between
amusement and pity that they should be
at all. I feel like saying as a guide, wish-
ing to correct a friend of mine, once said:
“ Monsieur, you are a mistake.” But, of
all such creatures, the camel fills me with
the most profound and incurable despair.
He is the most homeless-looking of all
creatures. He has been the companion
and helpmate of man from the dawn of
human life, and our-debt to him through
uncounted ages and in places where the
human lot has been most penurious and
desperate is untold; but [man has never
been able to enlighten him ; he looks, on
all occasions and under all circumstances,
hopelessly bored with existence, unutter-
ably sick of humanity. There is a suicidal
mood in animal life, and at tunes one can
see glimpses and intimations of it surely in
the eyes of animals; the camel embodies
it, like a stare. I wish they were all dead;
and when I see their bones in the sand, as
I often do, I am glad that they are gone
and have left the ribs of their tabernacle
of life behind them by the wayside. Every
Tougourt

313

desert traveller writes a little essay on the
camel. This is mine. I will not modify
it even for the sake of the mc-haris that
come down the route, overtaking us from
Biskra; they are the racers that have just
competed in the yearly trial of speed from
Tougourt—aristocrats of the species; they
have a clear gray tone and slender deli-
cacies of flank and skin; all day they will
be speeding ahead and dropping behind
us; the desert is their cloth of gold and
they its chivalry—splendid beasts they
are, as native to this blown empire of the
sand and the sun and the free air as a bird
to the sky—and they lift their blunt noses
over it with unconquerable contempt. It
is amazing how the creature, supercilious
or abject, refuses to be comforted. There
is no link between him and man. If you
seek a type for the irreconcilable, find it
in the camel.

  It is said that one meets his enemy
in every place, and every traveller expe-
riences these surprising encounters that
prove the smallness of the world; but I
better the proverb, for it is a friend I meet
in the most solitary places. On the lone-
liest road of Greece a passing traveller
called out my name; in the high passes of
Algiers I came face to face with a school-
mate; and, however repeated, the expe-
rience never loses its surprise. Surely I
had seen that gaunt figure pressing up
on a stout mule from the head of the
fresh trade caravan that was just ap-
proaching; that face, like a bird of prey,
that predatory nose before the high fore-
head and bold eyes—yes, it was Yussef,
my guide of years ago, with welcome all
over his countenance and quick saluta-
tions to his old companion. He was a
caravan-man now, for the nonce, and com-
ing up from the Souf. How natural it
was to meet on the desert, with the brief
words that resumed the years and abol-
ished the time that had sped away and re-
newed the eternal now. But we must fol-
low the meharis, slim forms on the horizon
ahead, and we went on to overtake them
at Ain Chegga, a mere stopping-place,
where there was on one side of the way a
sort of desert-farm, and a relay of horses
waiting for us, and on the other a small,
lonesome building by itself where we
could lunch from our own stores. The
sun was hot now, and ihc shade and rest

grateful; but we had a long way to go.
With thoughtless generosity we gave our
fragments of bread to some adjacent boys,
and started off rapidly with the fresh
horses on the great plain.

  The road was lonelier than in the morn-
ing hours; the solitude began to make
itself felt, the silence of the heat, the en-
compassment of the rolling distances, the
splendorof the sky. Therewas hardlyany
life except the occasional shrub, the drin.
I saw a falcon once, and once a raven; but
we were alone, as if on the sea. Then the
Sahara began to give up its bliss—the un-
speakable thing—the inner calm, the sense
of repose, of relief, the feeling of separa-
tion from life, the falling away of the bur-
den, the freedom from it all in the freedom
of those blue and silent distances over
sandy and rock-paved tracts, full of the
sun. How quiet it was, how large, and what
a sense of effortless elemental power—of
nature in her pure and lifeless being! It
is easy to think on the desert, thought is
there so near to fact—a still fresh imprint
in consciousness; thought and being are
hardly separate there; and there Nature
seems to me more truly felt in her naked
essence, lifeless, for life to her is but an in-
cident, a detail, uncared for, unessential.
She does but incline her poles and it is
gone. Taken in the millennial a?ons of her
existence, it is a lifeless universe that is,
and on the desert it seems so. This is the
spectacle of power where man is not—like
the sea, like the vault of heaven, like all
that is infinite. What a repose it is to
behold it, to feel it. to know it—this elimi-
nation, not only of humanity, but of life,
from things! The desert—it is the truth.
How golden is the sunlight, how majestic
the immobile earth,howglorious the reach
of it—this infinite! And one falls asleep
in it, cradled and fascinated and careless,
flooded slowly by that peace which pours
in upon the spirit to lull and strengthen
and quiet it, and to revive it changed
and more in Nature’s image, purged—so
it seems—of its too human past.

  It was late in the afternoon. Hamet
roused himself as we passed down to oued
Itel and crossed its dry bed, and Ali ceased
from his vagrant music as the horses
breasted the slope beyond. We came out
on a high ridge. It was a magnificent
view. The long valley of the great chotts
Tougourt

lay below us transversely, like a vast river-
bottom; far off to the northeast glittered,
pale and white, the chott Melrir, like a sea
of salt, and before us the chott Merouan
stretched across like a floor, streaked with
blotches of saltpetre and dark stains of
soil. The scene made the impression on
me of immense flats at a dead low tide,
reaching on the left into distances without
a sea. It was a scene of desolation, of un-
speakable barrenness, of the waste world;
its dull white lights were infinitely fantas-
tic on the grays and the blacks, and the
lights in the sky were cold; the solitude of
it was complete; but its great extent, its
emptiness, its enclosing walls of shadow in
the falling day crinkling the whole upper
plane of the endless landscape round its
blanching hollows and horizontal vistas
below, stamped it indelibly on my eyes.

I	was not prepared for it; it was an en-
largement, a new aspect of the world.
This was the southwestern end of the chain
of chotts, or salt wastes, that lie mostly be-
lov sea-level and are the dried-up bed of
the ancient inland arm of the sea that
washed this valley in some distant age;
they stretch northeasterly and touch the
Mediterranean near Gabes, and the sug-
gestion is constantly made that the sea
be let into them again by a canal, thus
flooding and transforming this part of the
Sahara. It may some time be done; but
there is some doubt about the lay of the
levels and whether such an engineering
feat would not result merely in stagnant
waters. Meanwhile it is a vast barren
basin, saline, and in the wet season dan-
gerous with quicksands, unsafe ground, a
morass of death for man and beast. The
rid"e where I stood commanded a long
view of this sterile and melancholy waste;
but I did not feel it to be sad; I only felt
it to be; it had such grandeur.

  We went down by a rough descent and
began the crossing of the chott before us,
M trouan, on its westerly edge. The road
ran on flat ground, often wet and thick
with a coating of black mud, and there
was the smell of saltpetre in the air; the
view on either side was merely desolate,
night was falling, it began to be chill; and
by the time we reached the farther side
the stars came out. It was a darkened
scene when we rode into the first oasis of
young palms, without inhabitants, which

belonged to some French company. It
was full night when we emerged again on
the sands; a splendor of stars was over
us and utter solitude around; it was long
since we had seen any one, and as the sec-
ond oasis came into view it looked like a
low black island cliff on the sea, and as de-
serted. We drove into its shadows by a
broad road like an avenue, with the mo-
tionless palms thick 011 either side, as in a
park; there was 110 sign or sound of life.
It was like night in a forest, heavy with
darkness anc silence, except where the
stars made a track above and our lights
threw a pale gleam about. This oasis,
which was large, also seemed uninhabited;
and we passed through it 011 the straight
road which was cut by other crossing
roads, and came out on the desert by the
telegraph-poles. The going was through
heavy sand, which after a mile or two was
heavier; our hubs were now in drifts of it.
Iiamet took the lights and explored to find
tracks of wheels, and the horses drew us
with difficulty into what seemed a route;
in ten minutes it was impracticable. We
crossed with much bumping and careering
to the other side of the telegraph-poles,
and that was no better; forward and back
and sidelong, with much inspection of the
ground, we plied the search; we were off
the route.

  We drove back to the oasis thinking we
had missed the right way out, and on its
edge turned at right angles down a good
road; at the corner we found ourselves in
the dunes—there was no semblance of a
route. We returned to the centre of the si-
lent palm grove, where there were branch-
ing ways, and taking another track were
blocked by a ditch, and, avoiding that,
coasting another and ruder side of the
grove, again at the upper corner of the
oasis struck the impassable; so we went
back to our starting-plaee. Hamet took
the lanterns and gathered up his revolver
and set up. apparently to find the guard-
ian , if there was one. It was then Ali told
me he had never been to Tougourt before;
Hamet was so experienced a guide that it
was thought a good opportunity to break
in a new driver. These French oases
arross the old route, with their new roads,
were confusing; and Hamet had not been
down to Tougourt of late. The silence of
the grove was great, not wholly unbroken
Tougourt

315

now: there were animal cries, insect buzZ-
ings, toolings, noises u[ a wood; and every
sound was intensified in the deep quiet, the
strange surroundings. It was very late.
We had spent hours in our slow progress
wandering about in the sands and the
grove in the uncertain light. Hamet was
gone quite a long time, but at last we saw
his waving lantern in the wide, dark avenue
and drove toward him. He got in, said
something to Ali, and off we went on our
original track, but turned sharply to the
right before issuing from the wood, down a
broad way; we were soon skirting the west-
ern edge of the oasis; branches brushed
the carriage; the ruts grew deep, the track
grew narrow, the carriage careened; we
got out, the wheels half in the ditch, horses
backing. Hamet threw up his hands. It
was midnight. We would camp where
we were. The route was lost, whatever
might be our state; and I did not wonder,
for as nearly as I could judge wc were then
heading north by east, if I knew the pole-
star. We were on the only corner of the
oasis we had not hitherto visited; the spot
had one recommendation for a camp—it
was £ very out-of-the-way place. The
horses were taken out, and each of us dis-
posed himself for the night according to
his fancy. It was intensely cold, and I
rolled myself in my rugs and sweaters and
curled up on the carriage-seat and at once
fell fast asleep.

  An hour later I awoke, and unwinding
myself got out. It was night on the desert.
Ali was asleep on the box, upright, with
his chin against his breast. Hamet lay in
his burnoose in the sand some little dis-
tance away. The horses stood in some
low brush near the ditch. The palm
grove, impenetrably black, stood behind,
edging the long, low line of the sky; there
was a chorus of frogs monotonously chant-
ing; and before me to the west was the
vague of the sands, with undistinguishable
lines and obscure hillocks, overlaid with
darkness. Only the sky gave distance to
the silent solitude—such a sky as one does
not see elsewhere, magnificent with multi-
tudes of stars, bright and lucid, or fine and
innumerable,melting into nebulous clouds
and milky tracts, sparkling and brilliant
in that keen, clear, cloudless cold, all the
horizon round. I was alone, and I was
glad. It was a wonderful moment and

scene. Hamet stirred in his place, and I
went back la my post and slept soundly
and well.

II

  I WOKE at the first streak of dawn. Two
beautiful morning stars still hung, large
and liquid, in the fading night, but the
growing pallor of daybreak already dis-
closed the wild and desolate spot where we
had fortunately stopped. Drifts of track-
less sand stretched interminably before us;
the young palms showed low and forlorn
in the gray air; the scanty brush by the
ditch was starved and miserable; every-
thing had a meagre, chill, abandoned look.
As soon as it was light we reversed our
course, and re-entering the oasis hailed
a well-hidden group of buildings with a
koubba that Hamet seemed to have dis-
covered the night before. An old Arab
gave us our bearings. We were seventeen
kilometres short of Mraier, the oasis which
we should have reached; and now, making
the right turn-off, we saw in another di-
rection over the sands the black line of
palms toward which we had gone astray.
We soon covered the distance to Mraier,
which was a large oasis with a consider-
able village and a caravanserai whose
gates were crowded with camels; here we
got a very welcome breakfast, but we did
not linger, and were quickly out again on
the desert on the long day’s ride before us.

  Since we passed the chott we were in
the valley of the oued Rir, along which is
strewn a chain of oases like a necklace as
far as to Tougourt and beyond. We were
really on the crust of what has been well
called a subterranean Nile, formed by the
converging flow of two Saharan rivers, the
oued Igharghar and the oued Mya, whose
underground bed is pierced by wells, and
the waters gathered and distributed to
feed the oases. There are now forty-six
of these palm gardens that lie at a distance
of a few miles oik from another, spotting
the arid sands with their black-green isles
of solid verdure, making a fantastic and
beautiful landscape of the rolling plain of
moving sands, with many heights and de-
pressions, stretching with desert breadth
on and 011 under the uninterrupted blue of
the glowing sky. The district has long
been a little realm by itself, sustaining
310

T ougourt

with much toil the meagre life of its people
and periodically invaded and subdued by
the great passing kingdoms of the north.
Its prosperity, however, really dates from
the French occupation. At that time the
oases were dying out under the invasion of
the unresting sands that slowly were bury-
ing them up. The French almost at once,
with their superior skill, sank artesian
wells, and the new Hood of water brought
immediate change. The number of the
inhabitants has doubled, the product of
dates, which are of the best quality, has
increased many-fold; and new oases of
great extent and value have been planted
by French companies. This is one of the
great works of public beneficence accom-
plished by France for the native popula-
tion; and evidence of prosperity was to
be seen on every hand all the way.

  The route for the most part was sandy
with occasional stretches of rock, often a
beautifully colored quartz, whose brilliant
and strange veins harmonized well with
the deep-toned landscape; but the eye
wandered oft to the horizon and drifts of
sand as the heavens began to fill with
light and the spaces grew brilliant; in that
vacancy and breadth every detail grew
strangely important and interesting; a
single palm, a far glimmer of salt, a herd
of goats, would hold the eye, and, as the
day grew on, the deceptive atmosphere
gave a fresh touch of t he fantastic, playing
with the lines and forms of objects. We
passed from Mraier, leaving these island
oases on the horizon as the route threaded
its way more or less remote from them,
and at intervals we would touch one—a
palm grove on the right and the village
by itself on higher dry ground to the left.
Two of these villages, of considerable size,
were entirety new, having been built with-
in two years; they were constructed of
the sun-dried mud commonly used, but
they did not have the dilapidated look of
the ksar; they were clean and fresh, a new
home for the people who had abandoned
the old unhealthy site that they had for-
merly occupied and had made a new town
for themselves; and Hamel, who told me
this, said other villages had done the same,
and he seemed proud of their enterprise
and prosperity.

  We went on now — through heavy sand
at times—and always there was the broad

prospect, the gray-and-brown ribbed dis-
tance, the blue glow—a universal light, a
boundless freedom, the desert solitude of
the dry, soft air. “C’est le vrai Sahara,"
said Hamet, content. For myself I could
not free my senses of the previous day’s
impression of the great chotts as of the
shore of a world, and the landscape con-
tinued to have a prevailing marine char-
acter. I do not mean that the desert was
like the ocean; it was not. But the out-
looks, the levels, the sand-colored and
blue-bathed spaces were like scenes by the
sea-shore; only there was no sea there.
The affluence of light, the shadowless bril-
liancy, the silences, the absence of human-
ity and human things as again and again
they dropped from us and ceased to be,
were ocean traits; but there was no sea—
only the wind-sculpture of the sands, beau-
tifully mottled and printed, and delicately
modulated by the wind’s breath, only a
blue distance, an island horizon: Even
the birds—there were many larks to-day
—seemed sea-birds, so lonesomely flying.
But there was never any sea. It was the
kingdom of the sands.

  Here, not far from the route, I saw' what
was meant by the invasion of the sand.
The oasis on its farther side toward the
desert was half blown over with the white
drifts of it that made in like a tide; the
trunks of the palms were buried to a third
of their height in it; the whole garden was
bedded with it, and as we drew away from
the place, looking back, the little oasis
with its bare palm-stems resembled a
wreck driving in the sea of sands. Else-
where I saw the barriers, fences of palm-
leaves and fagots, raised against the en-
croaching dunes, where the sand was
packed against them like high snow-drifts
The sand grew heavier now, and as we
came to Ourlana, about which palmerais
lay clustering in all directions, the horses
could hardly drag through the deep, loose
mass up to the low building and enclosure
where was our noon stopping-place. The
resources of the house were scanty: only an
omelet, but an excellent one, and coffee;
bread, too, and I had wine. The family, a
small one with boy and girl, whom choc-
olate soon won to my side, was pleasant,
and there was a welcome feeling of human
society about the incident; but as I lit a
cigarette and watched the fresh horses put
Tougourt

317

in—for here we found our second relay
that had been sent ahead some days be-
fore—I saw that, if the population seemed
scanty, it was not for any lack of num-
bers. A short distance beyond our en-
closure, and on a line with it, in the same
bare sandy waste, stood another long
building with a great dome, evidently a
government structure, and at right angles
to it before the door was forming a long
line of young children: it was the vil-
lage school—these were the native boys
marching in to the afternoon session, for
all the world like an American school at
home. I had not expected to see that on
the Sahara. I photographed it at once
—a striking token of modern civiliza-
tion; and I saw no happier sight than
those playful little Arabs going to school.

  We dipped ahead into the oasis by the
long lines of palms lifting their bare stems
far overhead and fretting the sky with
their decorative border of tufts. Here
and there were fruit-trees, and occasion-
ally vegetables beneath, but as a rule
there were only the palms rising from bare
earth, cut by ditches in which flowed the
water; there wras no orchard or garden
character to the soil, only a barren under-
ground, but all above was forest silence
and the beauty of tall trees. It was
spring, and the trees had begun to put out
their great spikes and plumes of white
blossoms in places, and the air was warm
and soft. A palm fascinates me with the
beauty of its formal lines; where two or
three are gathered together they make a
picture; a single one in the distance gives
composition to a whole landscape. This
was, notwithstanding the interludes of
the oases, a continuously desert ride, and
I remember it mostly for its beauty of
color and line, and a strange intensity and
aloofness of the beauty; there was nothing
human in it. It seemed to live by its own
glow in a world that had never known
man, the scene of some other planet
where he had never been. There was,
too, over all the monotony and immobility
of things, a film of changefulness, a waver
of surface, a shifting of lights and planes;
it was full of the fascination of horizons,
the elusiveness of far objects, and the feel-
ing of endlessness in it, like the sky, was a
deep chord never lost. It was beyond
Ourlana that I noticed to the southwest,

a mile or two away, three or four detached
palms by a lake; their tall stems leaned
through the transparent air above a
low bank over a liquid, mirror-like belt
of quiet water—a perfect Oriental scene.
It was my first mirage; and two or three
times more I saw it that afternoon—the
perfect symbol of all the illusion of life.
How beautiful it was, how was its beau-
ty enhanced, framed there in the waste
world, how after a while it melted away!

  Oasis after oasis dropped from us on the
left and the right, and in the late afternoon
we were clinging a sharp rise through the
deepest sand we had yet encountered, so
that we all got out and walked to relieve
the horses, and ourselves toiled up the
slope; and soon from the ridge we saw a
broad panorama like that of the day be-
fore; but, instead of that salt desolation,
here the eye surveyed an endless lowland
through which ahead ran a long dark clus-
ter of oases, one beyond another, like an
archipelago; and Hamet, pointing to one
far beyond all, on the very edge of the
horizon,said,“Tougourt.” Wedescended
to the valley, passing a lonely old gray
mosque, or koubba, of some desert saint
by the way—very solemn and impressive
it was in the failing light, far from men;
and we rolled on for miles over land like a
floor, as on a Western prairie; and the
stars came out; and at intervals a dark
grove went by; and we were again in the
sands; and another grove loomed up with
its look of a black low island, and we
passed on beside it. I thought each, as it
came in view, was our goal, but we kept
steadily on. It was nigh ten o’clock when
we saw, some miles away, the two great
lights, like low harbor lights, that are the
lights of the gate of Tougourt. Ali w7as
perceptibly relieved when we made sure
of them; for they were unmistakable at
last.

  Then, in that last half-hour, I witnessed
a strange phenomenon. The whole sky
was powdered with stars: I had never seen
such a myriad glimmer and glow, thicken-
ing, filling the heavenly spaces, innumer-
able; and all at once they seemed to inter-
link, great and small, with rays passing
between them, and while they shone in
their places, infinite in multitude, light fell
from them in long lines, like falling rain,
down the w'hole concave of night from
Tougourt

the zenith to the horizon on every side.
It was a Niagara of stars. The celestial
dome without a break was sheeted with
the starry rain, pouring down the hollow
sphere of darkness from the apex tc the
desert rims. No words can describe that
sight, as a mere vision; still less can they
tell its mystical effect at the moment. It
was like beholding a miracle. And it was
not momentary; for half an hour, as we
drove over the dark level, obscure, silent,
lonely, I was arched in and shadowed by
that ceaseless starry rain on all sides round;
and as we passed the great ^ win lights of
the gates, and entered Tougourt,and drew
up in the dim and solitary square, it was
still falling.

ITT

  I emerged the next morning from the
arcaded entrance of the hotel, which was
one of a continuous line of low buildings
making the business side of the public
square, and glancing up I saw a great dog
looking down on me from the flat roof.
There was little other sign of life. The
square was a large irregular space which
seemed the more extensive owing to the
lew level of the adjoining buildings, over
which rose the massive towerof the kasbah
close at hand on the right and, diagonally
across, thehighdomeof the French Bureau,
with its arcaded front beneath, filling that
eastern side. A fountain stood in the
midst of the bare space, and beyond it was
a charming little park of trees; and still
farther the white gleam of the barracks,
through the green and on either side,
closed the vista to the south. The Mo-
resque architecture which the French af-
fcct in the desert, with its white lights and
open structure, gave a pleasing amplitude
tothescene; and the same stvlewas taken

                                             «

up by the main street straight down my
left, whose line was edged by a long arcade
with low round arches, and the view lost
itself beyond in the market-square with
thick tufts of palms fringing the sky. A
few burnoosed figures were scattered here
and there.

  Hamet joined me at once, still content;
he held in his hand a telegram from his
new boy, or those who could interpret for
him. We turned at once to the near cor-
ner by the kasbah, where was the entrance

to the old town and the mosque—a pre-
cinct of covered streets, narrow, tortuous
ways, with blank walls, dim light. There
were few passers-by; occasionally there
was a glimpse of some human scene; but
the general effect, though the houses were
often well built, was dingy, pobr, and mean,
as such an obscure warren of streets must
seem to us. and there was nothing here of
the picturesque gloom and threatening
mystery of Figuig. I remember it as a
desert hive of the human swarm; it was a
new, strange, dark mode of man’s animal
existence. This was a typical desert town,
an old capital of the caravans. It had
been thus for ages; and my feeling, as I
wandered about, was less that of the life
than of its everlastingness.

  We went back to the mosqueand climbed
the minaret. It was a welcome change to
step out on the balcony into the flood of
azure. The true Sahara stretched round
us—the roll of the white sands, motion in
immobility; and all about, as far as one
could see, the dark palm-islands in the
foreground and on every horizon. The ter-
race roofs of the old town lav dark under
our feet; off there to the west in the sand
were the tombs of its fifty kings; eastward
the palm gardens, bordering and over-
flowing into the new quarter with its mod-
ern buildings, lifted their fronds; and near
at hand the tower of the kasbah, and here
and there a white-domed koubba, rose in
the dreaming air; and the streets with
their life were spread beneath. Tougourt,
at the confluence of the underground
streams, is the natural capital of the Rir
country, a commanding point; on the
north and west it is walled against the in-
road of the sands; south and east is a more
smiling scene, but the'whitesand lies every-
where between, like roads of :he sea; it is
the queen of the oases, and one under-
stood in that sparklingairwhv it was called
a jewel of the desert. I went down to the
gardens, where there were fruit-trees and
vegetables among the palms, but for the
most part there was as usual only the bar-
ren surface of earth, fed with little canals
and crossed by narrow raised footways,
over which sprang the fan-shaped or cir-
cular tufts of sworded green. On that
side, too, was a native village—dreary
walls of sun-dried earth with open ways;
they seemed merely a new form of the
Tougourt

319

naked ground shaped perpendicularly and
squared—windowless, sealed, forlorn. I
entered one or two. Indeed, I went every-
where that morning, for the distances were
short.

  In the afternoon I sat down by a table
near a cafe in the market-square, and 1
remained there for hours over my coffee,
watching the scene. All Arab markets
are much alike, but this was prettily
framed. On my right a palm grove rose
over a low wall; on the left, across the
broad space, the low line of shops, with a
glistening koubba dome in their midst,
broke the blue sky; and all between, in
front, was the market-place. In the fore-
ground were a few raised booths, or tables,
and at the near end by a group of three or
four palms was a butcher's stock in trade,
the carcasses hanging on the limbs of a
dead tree. Farther off to the left squatted
a half-dozen Bedouins round little fagots
of brushwood spread on the ground, and
beyond them a group of animals huddled;
in the centre, on the earth, one behind an-
other into the distance, were many little
squares and heaps of country goods, each
with its guardian group as at a fair—veg-
etables, grains, cloths, slippers, ropes, caps,
utensils—that together measured the scale
of the simple wants of the desert. The
place, though not crowded, was well filled
with an ever-moving and changing throng,
gathering into groups here and there—tur-
baned people of every tint and costume,
young and old, poor and prosperous, pic-
turesque alike in their bright colors or worn
rags; but the white or brown flowing gar-
ments predominated. There were Arab
and Berber faces of purer race; but in the
people at large there was a strong negroid
character, showing the deeper infusion of
negro blood which one notices as he goes
south of the Atlas. All the afternoon the
quiet but interested crowd swarmed about;
and round me at the close tables were sol-
diers and Arabs who seemed of a more
prosperous class, drinking and talking,
playing at cards, chess, and dominoes, and
some were old and grave and silent. At
our table there was always one or two, who
came and went, to whom Flamet would
perhaps present me, a thin-featured cadi,
a burly merchant — and we talked a little;
but I left the talk to them and watched
the scene, and from time to time snapped

my camera. A caravan came down the
street, with great boxes strapped on the
camels, and I thought the first two would
sweep me,camera, table,and all, out of the
way; but the long line got by at last, un-
gainly beasts with their pawing necks and
sardonic mouths. At Tougourt one was
always meeting a caravan. As 1 stood, at
a later hour, in a lonely corner by the wall
outside the gates, one was just kneeling
down on the great sweep of the sand-hill
to camp in the melancholy light that was
falling from the darkening sky—a sombre
scene; and when I came out of the hotel
at night I found another sleeping, humped
and shadowy, on the public square. The
camel was as omnipresent as the palm, and
belonged to the same dunes and sky; and
as I sat watching there through the un-
eventful and unhurried hours, the market-
place was a microcosm of the desert world.

IV

  I SPENT the evening in the Cafe Maure
of the Ouled-Nails. They are la femme
of the Sahara, daughters of a tribe whose
centre is at Djelfa, not far from Laghouat,
leagues away to the west, and thence they
are dispersed through the desert, adept
dancing-girls who perform in cafes; and
in that primitive society, it is said, no re-
proach attaches to their modeof life, which
yields them a dowry and brings them at
last a husband. The custom is not pecul-
iar to the Sahara: I have read of its exist-
ence in Japan and in the north of Scotland
in the eighteenth century. I had met
with them before, and was familiar with
their figures, but always in a tourist
atmosphere; here they were on their own
soil, and an nalurel, and I expected a
different impression.

  The room was rather large, with the fur-
nace and the utensils for coffee in the
corner near the entrance; fouror five musi-
cians, on a raised platform, were discours-
ing their shrill barbarian art. but it pleases
me with its plaintive intensity and rapid
crescendos, in its savage surroundings; a
bench went round the wall, and there were
tables, at one of which Hamet and I sat
down, and coffee was brought. There
were not many in the room—a sprinkling
of soldiers, mostly in the blue of the ti-
railleurs, Arabs, old and gray-bearded, or
Tougourt

younger and stalwart like Ali, whom I had
lost sight of and now found here, much
more attractive than I had thought pos-
sible, with a desert rose in his mouth and
a handsome comrade. A few women with
the high head-dress and heavy clothes they
wear were scattered about. Close behind
me, and to my left, was a wide entrance to
the dark shadows of the half-lighted court
whose cell-like rooms I had inspected in
the morning, and men and women were
passing in and out, singly and in groups,
all the evening. For a while there was
no dancing—only the music; but at some
sign or call a full-grown woman, who
seemed large and heavy, began the slow
cadence and sway of the dance. I had
often seen the performance, but never in
such a setting; at Biskra and in the north
it is a show; here it was a life. She fin-
ished, and I beckoned to a young slip of a
girl standing near. She came, leaning her
dark hands on the table, with those un-
thinking eyes that are so wandering and
unconcerned until they fill with that liquid
superficial light which in the south is so
like a caress. I offered her my cigarettes,
and she smiled, and permitted me to ex-
amine the bracelets on her arms and the
silver ornaments that hung from her few
necklaces; she was simply dressed and not
over-ornamented; she was probably poor
in such riches; there was no necklace of
golden louis that one sometimes sees; but
there were bracelets on her ankles, and she
wore the head-dress,with heavy, twisted
braids of hair. A blue star was tattooed
on her forehead, and her features were
small but fine, with firm lines and rounded
cheek and chin; she was too young to be
handsome, but she was pret ty for her type
and she had the pleasant charm that youth
gives to the children of every tint and race.
She stood by us a while with a little talk,
and as the music began she drew- back and
danced before us; and if she had less mus-
cular power and vivacity than’the'previous
dancer, she had more grace in her slighter
motions. She used her handkerchief as a
background to pose her head and profile
her features and form; and all through the
dance she shot her vivid glances, that had
an elasticity and verve of steel, at me.
She came back to tak * our applause and
thanks, and talked with Hamet, for her
simple French,phrases were exhausted;

there was nothing meretricious in her de-
meanor, rather an extraordinary sim-
plicity and naturalness of behavior; she
seemed a thing of nature. The room be-
gan to fill now; three women were dan-
cing; and she went over to the bench by the
wall opposite, and 1 noticed a young boy
of eight or ten years ran to sit by her and
made up to her like a little brother. There
were three or four such young boys there.

  The scene was now at its full value as
a picture; not that there was any throng
or excitement, and to a European eye it
might seem only dull, provincial,rude; the
rather feebly lighted room was obscure in
the corners and the walls were naked; the
furnace corner, however, was full of dark
movement, the sharp music broke out
afresh, the dance was almost sombre in
its monotony, seen mechanically and with-
out any apparent interest by the Arabs,
wrinkled and grizzled, banked together or
leaning immobileon the bench by the wall ;
and the cavernous shadow of the court
behind me made a fine background to
the figures or groups that disappeared or
emerged, or sometimes stood stationary
there in the semi-obscurity. To my color
and shadow loving eye it was an interest-
ing scene; and its rudeness enhanced its
quality. I noticed many a slight thing: a
tall negro stalked along the opposite wall
with a handful of candles which he offered
to a woman and found no welcome for, and
he went away apparently exceeding sor-
rowful. And I sat there long in the midst
of it, thinking of striped tents by the city
wall in the sand near the graves; of streets
in the Orient and the north where the
women sit by the door-post like idols; and
especially reconstructing in imagination
the scenes of a romance by an Arab which
I had lately read, depicting the life of an
Oulcd-Nail along these very routes where
I had been passing, a book full of desert
truth—“Khaled,” it is called. Toward
ten o'clock we rose to go, and I caught the
eye of the young girl I had talked with,
and had a smile for good-by.

V

  The horses stood at the door early the
next morning for a drive toTemacin,some
thirteen kilometres south. We were soon
out of town, travelling beside an oasis on
Tougourt

321

the left and going in the open desert; a boy
joined us from the oasis and excitedly
struggled to keep up with the carriage, no
difficult task, for the route was heavy with
sand; two other boys on donkeys ahead
were having a race; and the route had
always some touches of travel. The open-
ness of the view was boundless, and I
had not seen finer sands, stretching away
in long rolls and ridges, and mounded
into splendid dunes, with palms here and
there for horizon-lines. There were always
groups and little strings of camels, isolated
but living, in the expanse over which the
eye roamed; we passed from time to time
within view of clumps of lost palms, little
oases buried and left in the sands, half-
submerged, derelicts; now there were
Bedouin tents, low, striped shelters, by
one’s or two’s, pitched on the sterile waste,
looking infinitely solitary, at a distance
from a small village or a ridge that itself
seemed a heap of ruined and ribbed walls
left abandoned. The morning was hot,
the sun beat down, and every line and
tracery of the wind was visible on the
sand. The surface of the dunes was
beautiful—light and full of the spirit of
fantasy; the modulation was exquisite,
ribbed and fretted, furrowed in lines and
touched all over with little disks and
curves, like the imprint of small shells;
and their mottled and wavy surfaces
broke the monotony of the vast slopes
and dunes like an infinite enamelling of
nature. It was the land of the blue dis-
tance, the simple in the grand, the apothe-
osis of paucity in the means, of poverty in
the substance, elemental, abstract, superb:
the glory of the desert. I never so felt it
as on that morning. I watched the slen-
der, film-like, far-off minaret of Temacin
take body and height as we drew nearer
and nearer, and saw plainly and distinctly
at last the boldly perched, irregular ob-
long of walls and roofs that topped a rising
ridge of the sands, with its minaret like a
dark, mediaeval tower standing in heaven
with a lance-like solitude. Its top was
bordered with a broad frieze of colored
tiles and capped with a pyramidal head or
balcony pierced with slim Moorish arches.
There were men working under the wall;
but the town looked marvellously silent
and alone, dark and withdrawn, like an
impenetrable earthern ruin, incommunica-

ble; it rose as if made of the earth itself,
with the dilapidation of old earthworks,
forbidding and melancholy, with no touch
of life except the gleam of its tiled mina-
ret ; in all that sun it seemed sunless—ruin-
ous, decadent, infinitely old. Soon after
we passed another heap of earth-walls on a
sand-mound, a small village, and came
almost at once to Tamelhat, the zaouia,
which we had set out to see.

  High walls surrounded the enclosure,
which was extensive. Tamelhat is a holy
village, a chief seat of the religious or-
der of the Tidjania and daughter of the
mother-zaouia at Ain Madhi near La-
ghouat, with which it shares the devotion
of this important brotherhood, one of the
most influential of theMoslemassociations
in North Africa. The zaouia is a sort of
monastery or abbey; but I was not pre-
pared to find it so large an establishment.
We left the carriage at the gate,and passed
in to a second gate, and I was struck by
the ornamental work and texts on them
and on the walls. A straight avenue led
down to an open space where the mosque
stood on the right side of the street as we
turned shaqily upon it. Three square win-
dows set in little ornamented arches in
the centre broke the broad white space of
the wall, and there were other windows
irregularly placed. A little to one side was
a heavy door, with a double row of faience
set over its square top and descending
on beautiful onyx pillars. An octag-
onal dome, tipped with a shaft of three
golden balls, completed the building above.
It was a pretty exterior with a touch of art
in the line of windows, and as I passed into
the interior by the lovely onyx columns it
seemed like a reminiscence, almost a renais-
sance, to find before my gaze the familiar
blue and green tiles, plaques of wrought
plaster in arabesque, pretty bits of faience
adornment,—forms of the ornament and
color so delightful to me. The interior
was roomy, with good spaces, and lofty
above; in the main fore part a palanquin
was in one corner, and a few tombs were
placed here and there; but the shrine, the
tomb of the marabout who founded the
zaouia, stood in the space to the left,
directly under the dome, as in a chapel. It
was heavily covered with stuffs, as usual,
and overhung with many banners; a grill
ran round it, and outside of that a wooden
Tougourt

rail; the tomb also bore Arabian texts.
The whole effect, notwithstanding the
bareness, the few elements, the uncostly
materials, had the grand simplicity of the
Moslem faith ; it was impressive—impos-
ing to a simple soul; but, beyond the rest-
ful sense of the neighborhood of beautiful
and sacred things in that far and desert
solitude, what pleased me most and the
feature 1 carried away to be my memory
of it was the ample lights in the cool
spaces by the open windows above the
tomb toward the street, where the birds
were continually fluttering in and out. un-
frightened and undisturbed, as if this was
their quiet home.

  1 thanked the Arab sacristan who stood
looking at me with old and tranquil eyes,
and we went out and walked up the street
which seemed like a long cloister. There
were grilled windows on the well-built
walls at intervals; a few men sat here and
there on benches along the way; it seemed
a place of peace. The street, which was
quite long and straight, ended in a large
court near which was the dwelling of the
marabout. Hamet asked me if I would
like to see him, and I gladly assented.
After a brief interval an Arab came to us,
to whom I gave my coat and what things
I was carrying; and leaving them below
he guided us up an irregular stairway, as
in an old house, and took us into a rather
large, high room, plainly plastered and
bare. The desert saint—such he was—
was seated on the floor in the middle of
one side by the wall on a rug; he was o d
and large, white-bearded, with a heavy
look, as if he were used to much repose
and was aged. He gave me his hand as
I stooped down to him, and after a word or
two invited me to be seated at a plain
I able before him in the middle of the room;
and attendants silently' brought food.
There was already in the room the caid
of Temacin, a stout and prosperous-look-
ing Arab, to whom Hamet presented me,
and the three of us sat down to what
turned out to be a hearty breakfast. Two
or three other tall Arabs, apparently be-
longing to the family, sat by the wall to
my left, as I faced the marabout, and at
a doorway in the corner on the right stood
a group of different ages, younger, with
one or two boys, intelligent and bright-
eyed. The caid and myself talked in low

tones, and no one else spoke, except from
time to time the marabout gave some
direction to the attendants, apparently of
a hospitable nature, as each time it re-
sulted in fresh dishes. There was pastry
that resembled rolls, and after a fe\v mo-
ments, served in another form, hot with
sugar, it resembled pancakes, but I dare
say it was something quite different, and
the marabout urged it upon me; there
was another combination that reminded
me distantly of doughnuts, with which
the hot food ended; but there was a des
sert of French cakes, almonds, and dried
aromatic kernels like peas, and much to
my surprise there were oranges that must
have come on camel-back from liiskra.
There was coffee, too, with a curious pot
and sugar-bow , and the whole service was
excellent, the attendants kindly and press-
ing, though very quiet. It appeared after-
ward that 110 one ever sees the saint eat;
his food is brought and left, and he takes
what he likes alone. I observed him
through the meal, and occasionally he ad-
dressed a sentence of inquiry or interest to
us. The impression he made on me was
one of great indolence, as if he had never
done anything lor himself, and also of
what I can on!y describe as a somnolent
temperament, heavy and rousing himself
at times; but it may have been only age.
The profound silence and atmosphere of
awed respect were remarkable; the lew
words spoken were hardly above a whis-
per, and the caid and I used low tones. It
was a hospitable and generous breakfast,
however, and the manner of it wholly
pleasant and friendly; and as I again took
the old marabout’s large, soft hand, and
expressed my pleasure and thanks for hav-
ing been thus received, he seemed to me
very cordial and kind; and for my part I
was glad that I bad found the unusual ex-
perience of breakfasting with a saint so
agreeable. The caid and I parted below,
and I walked back through the tranquil
street and by the mosque with the bird-
haunted windows and the onyx portal, well
pleased with my morning in such a place
of peace and good will.

  We drove back through the hot horizons
of a burning noon; by sombre Temacin
with its far-seen tower, old watcher of the
desert; by the distant western oasis with
its two gleamir.g koubbas, that seemed to
Tougou rt

dissolve between the sands and the blue;
by the Bedouin tents crouched in the long
drifts below the brow of the earthen ruin
whose walls gaped on the hill with fissure
and breach. We passed a bevy of bright-
colored Bedouin women hurrying in their
finery to some marabout to pray. The long
slopes and mounded dunes had not lost
that wonderful enamel of the breath of the
wind. All nature seemed to stretch out in
the glory of the heat. It was spring on the
desert; it was a dreaming world. “ Lc vrai
Sahara," said Hamet, half tohimself. And
slowly over the palmy plain, beyond the
lost oasis, the tower and minaret of Tou-
gourt, slim lines on the sky, grew distinct
in their turn, and solic, and near, and we
drove in through the garden green as over
a threshold of verdure. It was a great
ride.

  The day ended lazily. I had the pleas-
ure of a few courteous words withtheagha
of Tougourt, to add to my hospitable
distinctions. “He is an Arabian prince,”
said Hamet proudly, as we walked away.
Along the arcade I saw a Jew seated cross-
legged with his back to the jamb of his
shop; he held a heavy folio volume on his
lap and seemed to peruse it with grave
attention that w’as the only time I ever
saw a native reading a book in North
Africa, and I looked curiously at the fine
venerable face. The boys were playing
leap-frog before the hotel" as I came back
from my walk; they had thrown off their
haiks, or jackets, or whatever their upper
garment might be. How they played!
with what strong, young sinews and vi-
vacity of rivalry and happiness! though
the children of the street seemed often
poor, destitute, and with faces of want. I
photographed two of these Bedouin boys,
w'ith whom I had made friends. In the
evening I sat outside and watched the
camp-fires burning by the camels in the
square. I thought of the massacring of
the French garrison here forty years ago,
and of the protests that a military inter-
preter, Fernand Philippe, records from the
lips of the soldiers when a year or two
later the government contemplated with-
drawing from this advanced desert post.

It was a place of homesickness, of fever,
and of utter isolation; but the soldiers
wished to stay—withdraw? never!—and
all this peace and prosperity that I had
witnessed was the French peace.

VI

  It was three o'clock in the morning
when I went out to start on the return
under the stars. The streets were dark
and silent as we drove out; but the heav-
ens were brilliant, and the twin lights
of Tougourt shone behind us like light-
houses as we made out into the sandy
plain. A few miles on we passed a com-
pany of soldiers convoyinga baggage-train
—strong, fine faces above their heavy
cloaks, marching along in the night. The
stars faded and day broke quietly—a faint
green, a dash of pink, a low' black band of
cloud, and the great luminary rolled up
over the horizontal waste. The morning
hours found us soon in the heavy sands
of the upland, with the old gray mosque
and stretches of the bois, the desert drin,
and we descended into the country of
the marine views, the land of the mirage,
mirror-like waters shoaling on banks of
palm, dreaming their dream ; and now it
was Ourlana and the school, fresh horses
and an early arrival at Mraier, and sleep
in the caravanserai amidhorsesandcamels
and passing soldiers, a busy yard. The
chotts looked less melancholy as we passed
over the Iowlar.d in the bright forenoon,
and again there shimmered the far salt—
the ocean-look where there was no sea,
near marine views, and there was much
mirage; and we climbed the ascent and
glided on over the colored quartz, and the
range of the Aures rose once more above
the horizon, beautiful and calling, and Ain
Chegga seemed a familiar way-station.
Fresh horses, and the last start, and Bordj
Saada seemed a suburb; and as we drove
into Biskra, with its road well-filled with
pedestrians and carriages, it seemed like a
return to Europe—so soon does the trav-
eller’s eye become accustomed to what at
first was “ rich and strange.” And Hamet
went to his baby boy.
THE GHOST ON THE STAIRS

By Mrs. W. K. Clifford

I

DAWLEY sat on the
ids, leaning a little for-
rd, watching the great
.ves that came nearer and
arer, foaming and roar-
j at their highest, then
spending themselves on the shore, only
to be followed by others that were higher
and louder and came nearer still, as if
they were trying to force her back, up
the steps and along the pathway, to the
little house at the end of the terrace in
which she lived her secluded life.

  She had gone down to the sea, when the
early post brought its news, to think the
past years over, holding in her hand the
while a gold cross on a slender chain
which she wore round her neck. It had
been given her in Rome some years be-
fore, a parting gift from a Catholic friend
who was about to take the veil. Con-
cealed in it was a little photograph of
Leo XIII. Leo XIII had blessed it. the
friend told her, and said: “Wear it day
and night; it will keep the Evil One from
you.” She pressed it against her face now,
while gradually she realized what the news
meant. Just this, that the man she had
loved best in the world was lying dead,
not here but in London. She had sup-
posed that all feeling for him had ended,
that he was nothing—nothing to her; but
those three lines had made her heart leap
and then grow cold, as if an icy hand had
been laid on it. She had risen to her feet
and stood for a moment dazed, then read
the notice again, and again, and told her-
self that it was true—true, he was dead;
it was all over, everything in the world
was over for him—never, never would she
see him again. And 0 God! dear God,
how did it fare with him?

  It was impossible to stay in the house;
the whole weight of the ceiling, of the roof
itself, seemed to be on her head. She
dragged herself out, along the garden
path, to the road, to the little gate and
324

down the steps to the bay, which was al-
ways deserted in the early morning; it
was the one place in which she might be
able calmly to think. The sands looked
soft and yellow, the sea was blue, the sky
was blue, the sunshine was everywhere.
The great waves seemed to mock her—all
Nature seemed to mock her; she felt afraid
and lonely, an alien in the world; for a
moment she almost lost count of her own
identity and wondered aimlessly how she
came there, and thought again of the man
she had loved. He was lying dead. She
imagined his face, and wondered if he had
thought of her in that last hour, and if he
had known that the end was coming.

  She had been married to him when she
was twenty-two. He was infatuated with
her for three weeks before he proposed
and for a hurrying month after he was ac-
cepted, well content for half a year of
marriage. Then he cooled down. He
was incapable of being constant to any
one woman long, and rather despised the
men who were; he thought it showed a
lack of enterprise and too much satisfac-
tion with existing conditions which, he
told her with a laugh, he held to be fatal
to the advancement of the world in gen-
eral and the exhilaration of man in par-
ticular. Two years later she had di-
vorced him and was living alone at St.
Ives. For a time she was utterly miser-
able; then the thought of the other woman,
of his desertion—his desertion for that
woman!—had tilled her with a shivering
anger and repulsion. She imagined that
she had learned to hate him. Now it was
all swept away, and she thought of theday
she had met him first, of the mad infatu-
ation on his part and her own calmer,
deeper love for him: it struggled to come
back, and the tones of his voice, the sound
of his laughter, filled her ears.

  The waves frightened her; they seemed
to know—they did know—she felt it,
heard it; they came nearer and nearer with
their message. They drove her at last into
her own room to lie face downward 011 the
The Ghost on the Stairs

325

bed and think. Lionel was dead, and the
other woman had watched beside him.
What could he have seen in her, “a free
lance” she had been called, probably be-
cause she lived alone, smoked—and drank
too much, it was said—painted little daubs
of pictures, and had a studio at Chelsea to
which she gathered a Bohemian godless
set? i

  Those last two words made Edith Daw-
ley stop and shiver again. She was a re-
ligious woman, and she didn’t believe that
a serious thought had entered his heart or
brain since the day he made his marriage
vows only to break them. She had talked
to him of their solemnity once. He had
looked rather amused and said: “ All right,
my dear. I don’t believe in hell, you
know, and if there is one I don’t expect it’s
such a bad place, after all.” Now per-
haps he was standing at the bar waiting
for judgment. How had he lived these
last few years? How had he died? Had
any one prayed beside him when he was
ill? Did any one kneel by him now that he
was dead? The old tenderness had stolen
back into her heart, but with it there
came a paralyzing fear, an awful dread.

  She looked at The Times again—on the
8th. This was the ioth. He was probably
lying in the front room over the first floor
in Connaught Square, the house he had
removed to after the divorce. She fel:
that she would give everything she pos-
sessed to see him once again, to see his
dead face—even to be near the house in
which he lay still and cold would be some-
thing.

  She got up, hesitated, and with weary
eyes looked round the room, then took
a time-table from a little shelf over the
bureau in the corner. The London train
started at 10.25—three-quarters of an
hour hence. As if at the bidding of a
dream, she put on a long black cloak and
hat, tied a thick veil over her face, gath-
ered a few things intoahand-bag, and with
a word or two of explanation to the soli-
tary servant went down to the station.

  A long, weary day. The train stopped
at all the little Cornish places. Despair-
ingly she stared at them, at the station-
master gossiping with the guard, at the
few passengers, country folk mostly, carry-
ing baskets or bags, leisurely taking leave
of those who had come to see them off.

The start again was slow and reluctant;
but after Plymouth the engine seemed
to shake itself free and rushed on, the
carriages rocking with relief behind it.
Across the quiet west country, past sleepy
villages and their blurred name-boards at
the stations, till with a shriek of exulta-
tion they were in sight of Exeter—the plat-
form was crowded with people, but the
train only gathered speed as if to avoid
some signal that might delay it.

  All the time in her thoughts she fol-
lowed a scared and silent procession of
men and women who went through the
gate of the world and on in the mist and
blackness toward a shining road—for the
stars were its landmarks and a distance
that was saturated with light and mys-
tery. Away from it stretched a pathway,
dark and dank it looked, darker—darker
till blackness hid it. She shuddered with
dread as they came near and went past her
—the ghostly men and women. She could
see them plainly. Their worn faces were
marked with care and pain and remem-
bered deeds; their shadowy robes and out-
stretched hands would have touched her
but for the screening glass; she watched
their noiseless feet, that had not power to
hesitate or stop, going on—and on. O
merciful God, was Lionel among them!
And what would be his sentence when it
was given out? Which way would his
feet turn? Suddenly she remembered be-
ing told that the Semitic races believed
the soul did not leave the body till the
third day. Perhaps even yet there was
time! With her whole heart, with pas-
sionate intensity, she prayed—as she sat
there silent, motionless, in the railway
carriage—pleading his carelessness, his
charm and good nature, his lack of
strength to do right and of intention to
do wrong; and his happy generosity, for
he had given all he possessed carelessly
enough.

  She arrived at Paddington in the eve-
ning and waited till the twilight came.
Then, leaving her hand-bag in the cloak-
room, she put down her veil and walked
slowly to Connaught Square. It was just
a little way—she knew the house well, for
long ago she had gone to parties next door
to it.

  The blinds were down; there were lights
in the dining-room; probably she—the
The Ghost on the Stairs

other woman—was having dinner. Edith
Dawley shrank back, and drawing her
cloak round her walked by on the other
side and looked up. The windows were
open a little way in the room over the
drawing-room. It was as she thought
. . . While she hesitated at the corner a
servant opened the door and whistled for
a cab. A woman came out and drove
away—the woman who had supplanted
her. And the dead man was left in the
house. If only she could get in and see
his face once more? But she had no cour-
age to knock, no excuse to give. She
walked round the square again, the shad-
ows of the calm night hesitated to shroud
it, but gradually they were blurring ar.d
hiding and beautifying everything with
their grayness. As she drew near the
house again a postman went there and
knocked twice; she was ten yards off, she
saw him give in a letter and a paper which
the servant, leaving the door open, evi-
dently went away to sign. Without con-
sidering what she was doing, she went up
the steps and entered the house. The
postman, seeing her blackness, thought
she belonged to it: the servant had not
returned.

  She went softly up-stairs to the room,
the electric light had not been turned on,
but enough twilight lingered to let her see
the way. The door was locked, but the
key was there; she turned it and went in.
It felt very still and cold and everything
was white: the whiteness showed plainly
through the gathering darkness. Between
the windows she could see dimly that for
which she was seeking. For a moment
she shuddered and hesitated. On a little
table outside she had vaguely noticed a
candlestick and a box of matches; she
went back for the matches, took them into
the room and shut the door. For a mo-
ment she stood still, while gradually the
room revealed itself to her and the silence
struck icily at her heart; a sheet was over
him; she drew it back and softly lit a
match, shielding it with her figure so that
its radiance might not fall on the door and
show from without. Then she saw his
face. It was grave and very sad—she felt
her whole being reach out to him with

yearning love, with pity and dread. O
God, what did his closed eyes see what
was he hearing—what surprise had come
to him ? She lighted another match, care-
fully smothering the little sound its strik-
ing made. Another long look, an uncon-
scious entreaty to all the unknown Im-
mensities—then with her left hand she
pulled the gold cross from her neck and
pushed it into the white folds next his
heart. "If it's true what they believe,”
she thought, "it will help—it will bar the
downward way.” She drew the sheet
back over his face. The ends of the
matches were in her hands; she clutched
them tightly; the last one burned her
palm, but she did not even feel it.

  The closed door was between them
again; she turned the key and, keenly
listening with the sense of a hunted woman
leaving forever all that was left of what
had once been dearest life, she went slowly
down.

  There was no light on the staircase, but
as she passed the first floor she rould see
that a door was open; the room beyond
was still and dark; her dress made a little
swishing sound against the banister—a
smothered cry—a sound of fright within
the drawing-room—a movement and then
a halt from sheer horror—she knew it was
her chance and quickened her steps. In
a minute she was at the street door; she
closed it noiselessly, but a scream met her
ears—the sudden isolated scream of fear.
Luckily the house was near a comer; she
turned it and disappeared.

  She went back to Cornwall by the night
mail, desolate, miserable, but shiveringly,
shudderingly thankful. “It will bar the
way,” she said to herself again and again;
“perhaps I have done that for him.”
In the darkness without the faces of
thwarted fiends shaped themselves and
pressed against the windows; they mocked
and mouthed at her; she covered her face
with her hands. . . .

  Three months later, in a letter from a
friend, she heard that the house in Con-
naught Square was empty. It ’,vas said
to be haunted by a woman in black, who,
in the twilight, went up and down the
staircase.
THE FETE OF M'SIEUR BOB

 By Mary Raymond Shipman Andrews

Illustrations by Philip It Goomvrv

SMALL, fair man whose
scholarly forehead was set
into child-like curls, not
very gray yet at sixty-five,
in his dressing-room, his
careful morning toilet al-
most completed, fresh in fine linen and
well-cut tweed, he fingered a razor. With
a considering manner he moved the blade
this way and that. Through the closed
door came the sound of his valet in his
bedroom. The man turned a glancc to-
ward the door, reflectively; then, with a
shrug,lowered the razor. “ Such a mess,”
he muttered, and proceeded quietly to
put on his coat.

  It was the self-contained gentleman to
whom the valet was accustomed who
gave a crisp order two minutes later.
“The electric in half an hour, Stebbins.”
In exactly half an hour, as he walked
through the door of his house, another,
younger man was stepping along the side-
walk. This one stopped; a smile lighted
his face.

  “I’m delighted to see you back, Mr.
Schuyler,” he said.

  Schuyler’s greeting was calm, a bit aus-
tere, yet there was pleasure too in his
manner. He nodded toward the brough-
am and the chauffeur at the curb. “Won't
you drive down with me?”

  Walter Morgan hesitated. “I meant
to walk,” he said. “It’s hard to get ex-
ercise. But I want to hear about the
Canadian fishing. You nad a wonderful
time?"' he began as the car slid away.
“And how are you? A lot better?”
Schuyler shrugged his shoulders. “As
to that—but the fishing was very fine. I
took a large number of salmon. One of
them kept me busy two hours by the
clock. The only reason I killed him and
he didn’t kill me is that I had a flask
and he hadn’t. He weighed thirty-seven
pounds.”

  “Ah!” said Morgan enviously; “I’d
    Vol. LV.—33

like a chance like that. I've never taken
salmon.”

 “You should have come. I wanted
you.”

  “I wanted to go,” answered Morgan.
“ But I must work for my living at times
instead of going fishing. It's hard lines.”
He slewed about and regarded the older
man. “It’s done you good, I hope?” he
asked again. “A month of fighting sal-
mon ought to do good.” But his tone
was uncertain as he gazed at the worn
face, with its reserve, with the tell-tale
sadness in the large eyes.

  Peter Schuyler, millionaire banker, art
amateur, collector, expert fisherman, met
the gaze. The blue eyes, which with the
carved features and short, fair curls, had
given him in his heyday the title of “the
most beautiful boy in New York”—the
old blue eyes knew how to guard against
impertinent looks. He had been stared at
all along his life. But he did not meet
Walter Morgan's gaze with the usual
chilling courtesy. He was fond of this
man. The mask was dropped, and Mor-
gan, looking, saw a lonely soul in trouble.

  Then Schuyler laughed, not mirthfully.
“To tell the truth, I didn't have such a
tremendous spree up there by myself. I
got a bit depressed. A man isn’t in high
spirits after a bout of nerves. You were
lucky in not going with me.”

  “I would have given a great deal to
go,” Morgan threw back. “If I could
have helped you at all it would have been
an added pleasure.”

  “You’re very good,’’said Schuyler, in a
colorless tone. And Morgan felt that he
had somewhere overstepped the line, and
the talk drifted swiftly to commonplace.

  A week later the younger man ap-
peared on a morning at Peter Schuyler’s
office. Although nearly July there were
doings in the world of affairs which made
necessary his presence there. Morgan
got through the suave clerks and secre-

                          3V
32S

The Fete of M’sieur Bob

taries who guarded the throne. “ I have a
scheme,” he began.

  Something in the joyous, friendly man-
ner of this man always touched Schuyler
with a shock of pleasure.

  “You have?” he threw back, and
smiled as few people saw him smile.

  Morgan went on. “You remember
that I’ve told you about our camp in the
club in Canada?”

  “Certainly.”

  “It’s a rough log camp, you know, but
it's a great lake country, and the trout
are thick and big. Would you consider
coming up there with Bob and me for a
month?”

  The great blue eyes regarded the other
man with a startled expression. A flush
crept across Morgan's fresh color.

  “I quite realize, Mr. Schuyler,” he
said, “that you have any number of at-
tractive things to do, always. I feel I hat
it's rather presuming to suggest this. My
idea was”—he hesitated a little and went
on with a winning sincerity. “My idea
was partly that the simplicity of the thing
might be a change, after the way you get
amusement generally. My young broth-
er Bob is uncommonly good company
loo. I’m pretty sure you’d find him good
company. And then—it would be such a
pleasure to Bob and me. My wife has
gone to England with her sister for Au-
gust. Bob and I are off by ourselves on
July 29th. I believe you'd enjoy it. Do
come.”

  “ My dear fellow,” said the banker, and
laid his hand on Morgan’s hand, lying on
the desk. “My dear fellow!” he re-
peated, and stopped a second. “Enjoy
it! You’ve given me the best moment
I’ve had for months merely in asking me.
I’m so pleased to think you want me. I
didn’t know”—he stopped. “I’m get-
ting old,” he said, and his voice broke as
the hidden soreness of his soul crept into
it. “I’m old—and sick. Those things
are not attractive. Young, strong peo-
ple don’t want detrimentals.” Then
quickly, giving no chance for an answer,
he went on with calm dignity again. “ I
can’t quite tell, Morgan. May I let you
know in a few days? I may have to—be
somewhere else, at that time.”

  Morgan was gone. Peter Schuyler sat
at his desk with the door locked. He

stared down at the litter of papers. For
moments he sat so. staring. Then in a
flash he was alert; a gleam came into the
blue eyes. He drew a bunch ol key's from
his pocket and chose one and opened a
drawer. Out of it he lifted a small,
bright affair, and turned the barrel to-
ward him. He looked into it, half long-
ing, half curious.

  “Peace down there,” he whispered.
“Peace, locked up—I think. I think it’s
peace. Shall I turn the key and let peace
loose into my brain?”

  He lifted and cocked the pistol and
pressed the cold ring of the end of it
against his forehead. His finger was on
the trigger.

  “One easy' movement and this unbear-
able life would be over.” He was whis-
pering aloud again. “God knows what
next. I’ve a right to see. Haven’t I?
Why haven't I? It’s my own life.” He
was arguing now against some ghostly ad-
versary.

  With that he sighed suddenly, wearily;
he lowered the pistol, put it at half-cock,
laid it back in its drawer, and locked the
drawer.

  “Not yet,” he spoke. “I can’t leave
loose ends to other men.”

  He whirled in his swinging chair and
stared from the high window. Over New
York Bay the June sunlight poured and
broke across millions of wave-tops. Ships
moved with leisurely swiftness; sail-boats
fled before the wind, like irresponsible,
playful big birds. Away down there the
tall goddess lifted her torch eternally over
the eternal ocean. It seemed, as he looked
at it, a glaring happy planet, with no cor-
ner in it which needed him. His wife was
dead; his children were grown and mar-
ried and rich ; he had more money than he
could use; there was no point in piling up
more still; he was ill; he was growing old.
What dignity was there in a life with no
work to do? So he reasoned, and, clear
of brain as he was, never saw his fallacy.
A disgust of the whole useless round of his
days seized him as he sat at the wide win-
dow of the nineteenth story of the great
building and looked over the teeming June
world. He would not stay about this
place, earth, and finish out an ever-sillier
life of twenty or thirty more years. In
September, when his business should be
The Fete of M’sieur Bob	329

so arranged that he might leave it with-
out giving too much trouble, here in his
office he would take out the little steel
affair and retire from life. The time be-
tween must be got through.

  With that he was aware of a subcon-
scious pleasant thought, and dragged the
thought out. The Morgans had asked
him to their camp fora month. Hewould
go. It would be an agreeable taste for his
last mouthful of life. With a brighten-
ing face the man who had decided on sui-
cide drew a sheet of paper toward him
and wrote. . . .

  “Many happy returns. Bob."

  The eight-o’clock sunlight of the Au-
gust morning poured full on the lake
dancing twenty feet away. In the woods
it was cool; a light breeze was stirring.
Schuyler, moving through sun-spotted
shadows down the trail, from the big tent
which was the guest-room, came in range
of Bob Morgan on the log step hovering
over an assortment of articles. He sprang
up, a big young American in a gray flannel
shirt, and towered above the small, el-
derly gentleman in his dapper woods togs.

  “Thank you, Mr. Schuyler. Good
morning, sir. I want to thank you a lot
for this stunning reel. It’s a wonder,”
said Bob. “I never saw one like it, and
I’m clean crazy about it. It sure was
nice of you.” He shooK hands with a
smile like the morning and a grip that
made Schuyler wince.

  “Good," said the older man heartily,
with a throb of satisfaction. “ You've got
a good bit of loot, I see.”

  ‘‘You bet—I mean, ves, indeed,”
agreed Bob. “Walter gave me these
cunnin’ things,” and he dangled a huge
pair of Canadian botles sauvages, cari-
bou moccasin boots. “And Margaret,
my sister-in-law, sent this princely fly-
book; and my mother some silk socks,
which I can’t wear with the hunting-
boots; and my unclc donated this shot-
gun. Walter bought it for him. Isn’t
that a beauty?” He handed it over for
inspection. “And I’ve got other things
—an electric torch, and books, and a sub-
scription to Country Lift—a lot of stuff.
See.”

^ “You’re a lucky fellow,” said Peter
Schuyler. He thought of his sons, and

the automobiles and checks which cele-
brated their birthdays, and of the satiated
appetites which needed that and more to
stir them. He considered the pleasure of
Bob in his presents and found him lucky.
“You’re a fortunate lad,” he repeated.
“Where’s your brother?”

  Bob turned his head and lifted his hand.
“Shaving,” he whispered. “Hear!” Out
of the other side of the camp issued
sounds as of measured wailing. Indian
medicine-men over a victim might chant
such music. “That’s his shaving-song,”
explained Bob. “It dies down when he’s
in action—hear? He’s finished now; lis-
ten to that!” Loud and steady the wails
swelled triumphant through the camp
window.

       “ I want to be an angc-eye-el
        Anfl with th’ ange-eye-els stand;

       A crown upon my fore-eye-hcad
       A harp within my hand-hand-hand
       A harp within my—

  “ Bobby, you young cuss, where’s my
trewsies? Holy Moses, Bob, you’ve
coopered my trewsies and I haven’t got
the wherewithal to appear in society and
how-”

  Bob sent a big laugh crashing into the
everlasting hills. “ Cut it out, YVallie,” he
shouted. “I'll bring the trewsies—left
'em in my room to dry," he explained cn
passoit as he dashed inside, and then
came swinging out, his tall head bent in
the low doorway, with the cherished rai-
ment.

  Schuyler watched him as he went leap-
ing like a giant young rabbit down the
wide gallery of the camp. Bob’s strength
and youth never made him feel old and
quiet, as that of many youngsters. It
seemed rather that youth and strength
were in the air and he himself likely to
catch them. From the other side of the
camp came now a chastened song of joy.

  “Every night I used to hang my trewsies up
  On the back of tte bedroom door,”

warbled Morgan, far, far out of Harry
Lauder’s tune. Bob swung, moccasin-
footed, around the corner, grinning.

  “ He'll be ready in a minute, sir. Hun-
gry for your breakfast?”

  And Schuyler, now he came to think of
it, was hungry. The guides’ camp and
the dining-room and the kitchen were a
330	The Fete of M’sieur Bob

hundred yards away through the woods.
The procession of three filed down a
brown thread of trail, deep in forest
shades, bright with drops of sunlight, fil-
tered, shaken through the birches and
spruces. The breeze blew the tall ferns,
and the ferns nodded a broken, contin-
uous good-morning, and brushed them
softly as they passed. A brown partridge
ran across the brown earth by an old
log and fled clucking up the hillside. Up
there, one heard the ring of an axe,
and knew that the gar^ons, the younger
guides, were after firewood. The lake
sparkled through the tree-trunks like a
mammoth, tossing field of jewels. And
with that the dining-camp was in view.
Godin, the butler, stood smiling; a pleas-
ant crackling of wood, a flash of flame, a
sputtering of hot butter in the frying-pan,
an appetizing smell of homely good things
to eat, such as bacon and trout and coffee,
met them full, coming around the moss-
set trail. They sat down on backless
plank benches about a table covered with
white oil-cloth, and breakfasted from
enamelled-ware plates, and the roof above
their heads made all the dining-room there
was. Yet that is a misstatement, for the
walls of their dining-room were a pano-
rama. The lake twenty feet from their
feet lapped two sides of the knoll shadowy
with spruce trees; across the lake green
hills crowded to the water and beyond
them tops of higher hills rolled into the
blueness of t he oldest mountains on t he
planet, the Laurentian range.

  ‘‘Gosh,” remarked Bob later, and pat-
ted his lungs, “ I’ve et plentiful.” And
Godin carried away the last pociee of
flapjacks untouched. The butler here
served flapjacks in the frying-pan. And
with that Godin stepped forward and
presented Morgan with a pile of envel-
opes.

  ‘‘La posle, m'sienr," he said. “The
morning’s mail,” and rippled a laugh.

 Morgan put them in his corduroy
pocket with a grave “Thank you/’ and
led the way over the trail back to camp.
There one proceeded to sit on the step of
the wide log gallery, facing down the lake
to the Damned Little River two miles
away, and read the letters. There were
five. In various forms, all unconven-
tional, Jean Godin, Josef Vezina, Jacques

Alouasse, Zoetique Vezina, and Josef Go-
din accepted an invitation from Monsieur
Morgan for the fete of his brother, Mon-
sieur Robert Morgan, on the afternoon of
August 9, from four to six o'clock.

  “We always do it this way,” explained
Bob. “We send them each a solemn
note the day before, and they accept it
solemnly in a note apiece the morning of
my birthday. They can't all write, but
they worry out the answers among 'em.
They're a good lot of fellows,” lie add-
ed, with a manner of protecting gentle-
ness over the labored, ill-written papers.
And Walter indorsed him.

  “They’re nice fellows, all of them,” he
said heartily.

  “Josef Godin, that’s Blanc,” explained
Bob further. “Here’s his note, Mr.
Schuyler. It makes me well, sort of
ashamed to have had all the chances.”
And Peter Schuyler, putting on his gold-
rimmed eye-glasses, read Blanc’s note.

“ Monsieur:

  “ I, Josef Vezina, present my respectful
compliments to monsieur, with a thou-
sand thanks for my invitation to the fete
of Monsieur Bob. and I will come with all
that there is of pleasure. Monsieur will
be good enough to pardon my writing and
also the spelling, because one has not had
very much of instruction.

  “ Monsieur. I am

“ Voire scrvilair,

“Josf.k Vezina.”

  “He is a good fellow,” Schuyler re-
peated, and was aware of a queer feeling
which warmed him interiorly.

  “I'm going across to Lake Harlan,” an-
nounced Bob then. “It’s getting too
blamed beaverish over there. Zoetique
and I tore down the dam yesterday, and
if those blessed beasts have built it again
I’m going to hang up a handkerchief
soaked in tar oil to smell ’em away.
Want to come, Mr. Schuyler? I'd be de-
lighted to paddle you across; and it’s a
nice walk to Harlan.”

  There was a quality in Bob’s doing of
things which made the things he did seem
desirable. Schuyler was suddenly anx-
ious to know personally if the beaver had
rebuilt their dam, which flooded the lake
and ruined it for hunting.
The Fete of M’sieur Bob	331

  ‘•I'd like to go,” he said, ‘‘and—and
I'd rather like to paddle too.”

  “Sure, sir,” said Bob. And presently
the bright, long morning was gone, and
then lunch was over.

  “Now we’ve got to get ready for the
festivities,” said Walter Morgan, and
Schuyler, at lirst looking on, and wonder-
ing, found himself, shortly, helping with
his whole soul. Wiping perspiration from
his brow he stood back, an hour later,
and viewed with deep satisfaction the re-
sult of his labors.

  “I think I've got those prizes pretty
well arranged,” he announced, and re-
garded a miscellaneous labelled lot of
small articles spread on a box cover, on
the gallery bench, with interest and
pride.

  There was a package of cigarettes, la-
belled “First, Potato race”; there was a
box of letter-paper labelled “ First, Axe-
throwing”; there was a necktie, not from
Budd's, marked “First, Obstacle race”;
and four cigars which said “First, Shoot-
ing.” Other lirst and second prizes of
much the same ilk were there. On the
writing-table inside, where one might
reach through the window and serve
them, were refreshments; punch, brewed
of good ingredients, in the thermos bot-
tles; candies brought from New York; a
box of sweet wafers unknown of guides;
that was all—except cigars, which were a
crown of glory to these pipe-smokers.

  At four o’clock sounds of desultory con-
versation and a little chopping and a little
sawing of wood were heard back of the
camp. The Morgans grinned at each
other.

  “You'll have to lep into the high-and-
by-ways and lug in the party,” said Bob.
“They always lose their nerve at the last
minute and fuss around in the woods,” he
explained to Schuyler. And shortly Mor-
gan was heard genially adjuring his guests
from the wings, in his own peerless
French.

  “Venez, Godin, el Zo'ctique, et Jacques,
el loules personnes. Le bal champetre som-
nes pret. Nous attendait pour vons. Tout
somvies pret. Venez avec moi.”

  And around the corner he led his sheep.
Clean and scrubbed they were, in fresh
cotton shirts and no coats, and conspic-
uously suspendered. The sheep were

sheepish; they shook hands shyly, with
pretty French politeness, as if they had
not met for weeks, with Bob and Mr.
Schuyler, receiving. And with that the
bal champetre began.

  There was a shooting-match first, and
the men who never wasted a cartridge be-
cause of expense were given Schuyler’s
English magazine rifle and cartridges ga-
lore, and everybody shot in turn. Jacques
Alouasse won. Schuyler looked at him
curiously as he swung forward, hand-
some, nonchalant, as full of grace as a
wild animal, to take his prize of cigars.

  Jacques was an Indian, unlike the
others, who were French-Canadian broth-
ers and cousins from the Riviere Sainte
Anne. The ancestors of Jacques were
those Hurons who had been chased from
what is now central New York State by
the Iroquois and had found asylum and
made a little village, still called Indian
Lorette, beyond Quebec. Here they live
to-day. a tiny colony in a foreign land,
pure-blooded Indians yet, and manufac-
ture canoes and moccasins and do guid-
ing. Schuyler looked at Jacques. Not
only was the historic background a setting
for the lithe and vigorous figure, but his
personality was interesting. He was here
in the Morgan camp to fill a vacancy,
accepted here only because guides were
scarce. Yet he was probably the best
guide in the club, untiring, willing, pow-
erful, capable.

  “Just that one thing against him,” said
Walter Morgan, “but it’s enough. You
can never tell when he’ll turn up wild
drunk."

  It was said that he was now deliber
ately drinking himself to death, and no
one could give a reason why. His dark
face was a mask of stolidity, but a smile
flashed and was gone as he took the cigars
from Walter Morgan with a deep-toned
“Merci, m'sicur." A heron’s feather,
stuck in his hat, gave a dramatic touch to
his old clothes; a scarlet bandanna was
around his straight throat; his shoulders
were broad and his waist small and he
moved springily as if every muscle played
joyfully. He was lean and not too tail, a
perfect figure of an athlete. “A beauti-
ful creature," thought Schuyler regret-
fully, as Jacques turned away.

  The games went on and each guide
The Fete of M'sieur Bob

threw his heart into each event. No one
ever had more delightful guests. They
were interested in every moment, consid-
erate, eager to help, quick to understand.
Peter Schuyler, the world-worn, the blase,
forgot that he was either, forgot to remem-
ber himself at all. He roared with laugh-
ter as Blanc, driven by Bob, with long
strips of red cotton for reins in the blind-
fold race, charged whole-heartedly into a
spruce-bush; he presided with keen inter-
est over the tableful of seventeen odds
and ends which the men were to try to
catalogue after ninety seconds’ study, and
he marvelled, with the appreciation of a
trained brain, at the high percentage
which these brains of home-made training
could remember. He entered like a boy.
like Bub Morgan, into the entire primi-
tive festivity.

  Then the laughing, happy Frenchmen
had said their “au revoirs” with shy grat-
itude and t hanks repeated over and over,
and, each with his load of two-penny, pre-
cious prizes, each crowned with a bright-
colored paper cap out of the “snappers’’
that were a wonderful novelty to these
children of the remote world, had gone
oil down the little trail into the forest,
with fainter and fainter sound of gay. ex-
cited voices. And Schuyler, as he turned
with a sigh of pleasure toward the broth-
ers, suddenly realized that he too had
been happy. Unused nerve connections
were tingling; atrophied muscles were
aching deliciously from laughter and ex-
ercise. And he was conscious of push-
ing aside impatiently the familiar thought
of his own wretchedness, to get room for
the thought of the pleasure of a handful
of French habitants.

  “By Jove.” he exploded. ‘‘I've had a
remarkable afternoon. What fellows they
are—what a joyful lot! And what gra-
cious manners! / never had a party with
such guests, ft makes me feel like going
home and shovelling cart-loads of things
to give them.”

  Walter Morgan shook his head. ‘‘You
mustn't spoil them, Mr. Schuyler. You
could do it, you know. Their life runs
in narrow grooves. They’re contented
inside those grooves, and mostly they’ve
got to stay inside.” And Schuyler de-
ferred to the man who knew them.

  “But I’d like to do something for—or

to—that fellow Jacques Alouasse," he re-
flected aloud. “ Does any one know why
—” and behold here was Godin, slipping
noiselessly back, a brown figure, out of
brown afternoon shadows. WouldM’sieur
speak to him a moment? And as Mor-
gan went down the portage. Bob grinned.
“They’re going to surprise me,” he
stated. “Just wait, sir—it’s going to be
awfully pretty. You'll see.”

  As they went through the twilight
woods to dinner Schuyler saw. When they
turned the corner of the trail toward the
dining-camp, suddenly all the forest of
Canada was dancing with many-colored
lights. High in the darkness, low, and
near and far they hung and swung and
sparkled; red and green and yellow they
were, and ringmarked and speckled. One
cannot believe, till one has seen, what a
magic earth fifty paper lanterns can man-
ufacture, with a lake reflecting manyfold
their broken brilliancy.

  As they came to the camp all the
guides stood at the fire, smiling, pleased
with the great fete, gay yet with the after-
noon's pleasure. Sitting at the table to
trout and bacon and fried potatoes was
feasting in fairyland, and the men’s fig-
ures moving about, serving, topped with
the mad-shaped, colored-paper head-
dresses were as unreal as a story of Ger-
man elfs. And then, when one had de-
voured corn bread and llapjacksand other
delicacies, at the last came Godin emer-
ging from a secret place, bearing in state a
large frosted cake blazing with candles,
one for each year of Bob’s great age and
one “to grow on.” And the guides, in
their bright caps, trooped respectfully be-
hind Godin, for one did this each year—
one knew what was expected.

  The cake was set in front of the hero of
the day, and all the bright head-dresses
bent about the table around the mes-
sieurs seated there, and blew mightily to
see who should be the last one married.
And with great laughter it was judged to
be Bob himself, who proceeded to knock
out the pretty pink candles brought from
New York and cut open the cake to give a
slice id each one. The little regiment
stood under the gay Japanese lanterns,

odd and picturesque in their white and blue

and crimson and orange caps, and each
one held his plate with its huge slice of
The Fete of M’sieur Bob

fruit-cake, and munched a bit slyly and
searched surreptitiously for what might
he found. Till Godin discovered a thim-
ble, amid much laughter, for Godin was
an old bachelor, a “vieux gart-on.’’ And
then promptly Zoetique had a silver ten-
cent piece and Blanc a ring and Jacques
Alouasse had found a toy watch for the
one who should live the longest. A light-
ning gleam flashed across the immobile
Indian face.

  “Crais quc non''—“I think not,” said
Jacques Alouasse, and swiftly he had
laughed and was saying his deep-toned
“Merci, m’sieur” to Bob.

  When the messieurs went home, lan-
tern-guided, through the velvet darkness,
the night was so warm and the lure of the
starlit lake so strong that they strolled
down twenty feet to the dock, and then
Bob shoved a canoe into water and the
three stepped in and floated into the dim-
ness between sky and sea, to the silent
pushes of a paddle. And behold, as ;hey
rounded a point toward the guides’ camp, a
miracle: the black mass of Canadian woods
was all alight and the lake gave back en-
chantment, redoubling the elusive sparkle
of the lanterns in the rippled water.
There seemed no end of the lights; all the
woodland was en jele; it might have been a
casino at Newport or Narragansett Pier;
one listened for the music of an orchestra,
for sounds of revelry. Instead there
came voices and laughter of the guides,
out of the clump of spruces where the flame
of candles told of the dining-table. Ex-
cited words floated to the three on the
lake.

  “M’sieur Bob—crais—but he fell hard
in the potato race—crais que ouil” and
much laughter. Then an animated dis-
cussion of the eating of the biscuit and
smoking of cigarettes in the obstacle race:
“But the biscuits there were dry—but
yes! Me, I choked on the second and
thou, Blanc, I saw thee gobble a whole one
at a bouchee—a mouthful. I saw it.”
Shouts of laughter again, at Blanc’s ex-
pense. The men. simple-hearted as chil-
dren, were going over the events of the
fete of M’sieur Bob,” the great day of
the summer.

  Schuyler, an hour later, lying 011 his cot,
inhaling the balsam through his tent-door,
stared out at the dark rim of moun-

tains across the lake back of which a six-
foot golden moon was slowly lifting, and
wondered what was the hidden magic
which had made this day a landmark in
his history.

  “The fete of M’sieur Bob,” he spoke
half-aloud in the dark. “The fete of
M’sieur Bob. I wonder why it has been
such a beautiful day.” And was asleep.

  He woke to the scolding trill of a squir-
rel and a cannonade of pine cones on his
tent. He laughed. The squirrel whisked
into a tree-top, and Schuyler lay and
basked in a peace which passed under-
standing. Noiselessly across the tent
roof wove a dance of breeze-blown
branches. Reflected inside the tent walls,
the light and shade of the lake waves
played unendingly; one heard birds in the
tree-tops and silver lapping of water
against the pebbled shore: far off. dreamily,
one heard the slow ring of an a>:c. Schuy-
ler looked at his watch; half an hour yet
before it was time for the dash to the lake
and the swim in the shaqi, sweet water.
He lay still and thought.

  “The fete of M’sieur Bob” was still his
consideration. How had it been possible
to construct hours of genuine delight out
of a dozen or two paltry jimcracks whose
total value would not have exceeded five
dollars; out of association with a number
of ignorant peasants? It sounded to this
man of opportunity paradoxical. Yet it
had happened; he had felt it. Slowly, as
he considered, it came to him, more or less
unphrased, that perhaps all people, even
though they do not know it, enjoy giving
themselves—that yesterday every one
had given the best that was in him to all
the others; that consequently—perhaps
consequently, for this was only a theory
to Peter Schuyler—each one had enjoyed
himself hugely. That might be it. With
that came the memory of a dark young
face masked in stoic calmness; of a re-
served dignity which Schuyler fell akin to
something in himself. The two thoughts
fused. If it was so delightful an amuse-
ment to do things for some one, why
should he not try the trick with this fel-
low who attracted him, Jacques Alouasse?

  About four that afternoon, armed with
the last thought in a four-ounce rod, with a
fly-book de luxe and the general sporting
outfit of a dandy who was yet a sport,
334

The Fete of M’sieur Bob

Schuyler stepped into the bow of a canoe
which Alouasse held. He took his place
facing the stern and watched with fastidi-
ous satisfaction the perfection of the
guides’ movements as he slid the boat to
the end of the dock and sprang into the
flying stern effortless and sure. Down
at the tele tin lac, in a bay. was a hole
which was in shade early. With short,
strong strokes, as the Canadian woodsman
paddles, Alouasse brought the canoe to
this place, and Schuyler, as they came,
trailed his leader and his flies to take the
curl out of them. Then he cast carefully;
he was conscious of doing his best for the
knowledge in the dark, watchful eyes. He
was conscious of a desire to win the good
opinion of an Indian guide who was drink-
ing himself to death. He was an expert
fisherman and he cast to-day as even
Jacques had seen few people cast. The
nine-foot thread of light which was the
leader lifted, folded back into space,
>aused,and with a single movement of the
orearm shivered forward, out and out in
a clean loop till it hung straight; till sev-
enty-five feet away the tail fly touched,
then the second, and then the hand fly.
The three bright spots flecked the water
in a line scientifically zigzagged, not too
slow and not too fast; it was perfect cast-
ing and Schuyler knew it, and knew that
Jacques knew it. A truly Indian grunt
at the third cast spoke approval. But no
fish rose to break the brown surface with a
flash of white, and the whir of the reel and
the glory of the fight were not forthcom-
ing.

  After ten minutes of exhibition casting,
“Go somewhere else, Jacques,” ordered
Schuyler. And Jacqucs, twisting his pad-
dle under water, had the boat about in
forty-five seconds and shortly they were
lancing at the portage up the Riviere a la
Pot.e.

  There is probably 110 sweeter spot on
earth. The spruces lean over the after-
noon water in a dark canopy; back of them
are silver birches and a shadowy trail up a

slope; above, the river spins and whirls, a
sliding mass, in crests of foam, in pol-
ished, dangerous pools, ovar and around
and through great gray rocks tossed
about as if giant children had been at
play. There is a gentle murmur all about
one, and under that one detects the swift

rush of strong water, and under, deep un-
der all, is the hollow, booming beat of the
heart of the rapids. One is drowned in a
luxury of rich sound, of keen, fragrant air,
of pervading dim greenness.

  Schuyler, after walking the half-mile
portage to the pool above was disap-
pointed to find it still partly in sunlight.

  “One must wait,” said Jacques Alou-
asse philosophically, and squatted at a
civil distance and filled his pipe.

  Schuyler sat down on a log and fol-
lowed his example. “It was a good
party yesterday, Jacques?" he inquired.
“The fete of M'sieur Bob, eh!”

  “But yes, m'sieur,” said Jacques, and
said no more.

  Schuyler wished the man to talk.
“You have been here before at such
times?” he went on.

  “But no, m’sieur," said Jacques, and
fell into another pool of silence. This
time, however, he was moved to climb out
alone. “ I have wished to be here for
that fete,’' Jacques volunteered. “One
has heard much of it. In Saint Ray-
mond, where I worked at boat-building
last winter, they spoke of the fete of
M'sieur Bob. The men had told of it,
and it was wonderful to the people of
Saint Raymond. They could hardly be-
lieve that such things could happen in the
woods.”

  Schuyler gasped. Was this naivete
possible? But Jacques was perfectly seri-
ous. His enthusiasm had carried away
his reserve; he went on:

  “ Me, I wished to see such an affair. I
asked the steward of the club, M’sieur De-
mers, to say a good word for me if m’sieur
should wish another guide. And he did.”

  A sudden thought flashed to Schuyler’s
mind, to his lips.

  “Everybody is ready to say a good
word for you, Jacques, in every way ex-
cept one,” said Schuyler.

  A silence; the older man felt his pulse
quicken as he thought, “Now, I’ve spoiled
it all now he will think he is to be lec-
tured and go back into his shell.”

  Jacques spoke. “Ah! I get drunk,”
he agreed with quiet dignity.

  “ Yes,”Schuylernodded. “ Whatmakes
you?”

  Jacques visibly hesitated, and Schuyler,
in the pause, was conscious of a feeling
Drawn t-y Phiiif It. Qpoilwin.

He roared with laughter as lilanc, driven by IJob,	Charged wliule-heariedly into a spruce-bubh. I’agc j_;.'

Vol. LV.—34	335
The Fete of M’sieur Bob

which most people, all people surely who
have what is called temperament, have
known a few times. It was the feeling
that between this man and himself there
stretched a definite bond of comprehen-
sion. Perhaps no intangible proof is
stronger than this that we are all rather
literally“members one of another”; that
under all our small personal manifesta-
tions of life lies the universal linking life
which is God. Neither Schuyler nor
Jacques had any such formulated thought;
yet both felt the unmistakable glow and
opening of spirit which is the thing meant.
The mask seemed to drop from the In-
dian face; the dark, bright eyes met
Schuyler's, wistful, troubled. Schuyler’s
heart warmed to the look.

  “M’sieur would like to know about
me? ” asked Jacques. And m'sieur briefly
indicated that he would.

  So Jacques, in bare sentences, told a
curious, mediaeval tale. He had been
wild; he had drunk whiskey and gotten
en fete: he had played tricks on the
chiefs at Lorette; he had been absent from
mass many times, and one Sunday morn-
ing while so absent he had fought a bear
and killed him without a gun; when he
had gone back in high glee with his game,
the priest, Pere Augustin, had made him
come into his house and had told him that
it was the devil who had helped him to
kill that bear—that he was no doubt
possessed of the devil. Pere Augustin
liad gone farther; he had told Jacques that
there was no doubt that, for his many
sins, he was now damned to all eternity;
also that if Marie Gros-Pierre should
marry him she also would be damned.
Jacques had come out from that inter-
view’ a desperate man. He had gone to
Marie and freed her from her promise.
But Marie would not be freed. She
would marry Jacques if he were a los; soul
or not; she would go to hell with him if
that must be. He was hers; she would
not leave him for heaven or hell.

  Jacques, squatting by the brown, lap-
ping water, laid down his pipe and gazed
at Peter Schuyler from dark eyes filled
with the tragedy of a race. “What, then,
can one do? ” he demanded. “ Me, I can-
not let Marie be damned. I cannot re-
fuse to marry her. So I kill myself. It
is all the way I can think of. 11 is more

trouble to my people and to Marie if I
shoot myself, so I drink. I drink very
much. I am strong, so it go more slow,
but I kill me in one year, maybe. Maybe
more. It is a good way; m'sieur thinks
so?”

  M 'sieur did not. M 'sieur stared speech-
less for a moment, and then found ener-
getic speech. Jacques listened atten-
tively.

  “But, m'sieur,” he reasoned gently,
“the good God had doubtless told Pere
Augustin that I was damned. In fact he
said so.”

  “The good God never told any one any
such thing,” Peter Schuyler answered
hotly. “Tie good God is ready to help
you out of the mess you are in the minute
you're ready to try to get out.” Schuy-
ler marvelled as he heard his own voice in
this unmistakable sermonizing. But he
was too eager to think about lhat.

  Jacques shook his head. “I thank
you, m’sieur. It would be agreeable to
believe m'sieur. But the priests know.
That is their metier,” he repeated.

  Schuyler considered. He thought of
the saintly priests whom he had known,
of the church to which Jacques belonged;
of shepherds of little flocks, such as this
Huron fold at Lorette, and their kindly
guidance and lifelong examples of self-
sacrifice and loving-kindness; he thought
of priestly orators, swaying masses of ig-
norant souls to better things; he thought
of busy, earnest years of unselfish men
threading in their worn black clothes the
close streets of crowded cities; he thought
of Father Jogues and the martyrs who
had counted their lives as nothing for the
souls of other Indian people three hundred
years ago; and then he marvelled that the
poor little village had somehow missed the
multitude of good men and fallen into the
hands of a rascal. For rascality will hap-
pen in any calling, and a sacred one is no
exception.

  Then Schuyler squared himself to ar-
gument. Had Jacques meant to be
wicked? Why, no, Jacques answered, not
at all. He had been foolish; he had per-
haps wished to be more daring than
others, but that was all. Would Jacques
himself forgive a person who had done
these things? Schuyler asked. Why, cer-
tainly, Jacques said. Then, threw back
The Fete of M’sieur Bob

3.37

Schuyler, what sort of a God would it be	—with a shrug—“take the punishment,

who would not be as generous as Jacques	Also"— an arrow of light glittered from

Alouasse? Who would send a young fel-	the black eyes—“also, I hate the good God.

low to eternal torture for foolishness?	And I hate Pere Augustin.”

Why, reasoned he, dragging out long-neg-	“I don’t wonder,” agreed Schuyler,
lected teachings, why, even if a man were a And then: “ Why do you hate him? ”

All I lie biishl heatl-drc'ses bent about ihe table around the
Iiti-ssit urs seated ihere, and blew mightily «•» see win.
should be the last otic married — Page 332-

criminal, the wickedest man on earth, the
good God was so great and so kind that he
would gladly forgive him the moment he
tried to do better.

  A gleam of grim amusement lighted
the tragic black eyes. “M'sieur doesn’t
know God very well,” suggested Jacques.
M’sieur agreed to that.

  “We are not instructed of him like that
in our village.” Jacques went on. “ Pere
Augustin has taught us that if one does
not do as Pere Augustin says, God will give
him the stick, one way or another. It is
probably well for us to believe so. Mostly
it makes a person careful. Me, I have a
feeling here”—he tapped his broad chest
—“ that if God is unjust to me like that I
will not do his way, but my own. And”

  “ Because when I am dead he will force
Marie to marry his nephew. His nephew,
Achille, will give him Marie’s money.
Marie is rich. She has nine hundred dol-
lars which her father left her. Me”—and
he lifted his head haughtily—“me, I do
not want Marie’s money. I want Marie.”
And any one listening would have known
that he spoke the truth.

  Schuyler meditated. He formed amen-
tal picture of a greedy plotter, exploiting
the poor little village. He followed the
windings of the sordid plan. Jacques,
the difficult black sheep, driven to suicide;
Marie bullied into marriage with Achille,
his tool; and Marie’s money absorbed, un-
der some pretence, by himself; then Pere
Augustin, with his wealth of nine hundred
338	The Fete of M’sieur Bob

dollars, might leave Indian Loretteandgo
afield for a career.

  “Jacques,” spoke Schuyler, “youmake
a mistake to kill yourself.”

  Jacques shrugged his shoulders French-

'y-

  “That makes nothing. I go to hell in
any case. God is bad. He send me to
hell no matter what I do now.”

  With that Schuyler argued again as to
the inevitable charactcr of a good God.
Jacques listened even more attentively.

  “M'sieur, is there another God than
the God of Pere Augustin?” he asked
hopefully.

  And Schuyler, considering, thought how
each of us, in his groping to find out,
shapes that great unknowable after his
own feeble pattern. Very gently he tried
to tell the man, listening breathless to the
tale of wonder, how the reality must be
kinder, stronger than any vision of any of
us. “Your life is a part of him,” ex-
plained Schuyler. “ It is for that you have
no right to cut it short”—and was aware
with a jump that his words applied to
others than Jacques. Yet, he thought
hurriedly, it was most different. Jacques
was young, strong, at the beginning; he
himself was ill and growing old, nearing the
end; it was another question; also, he was
capable of judging; Jacques was not. He
went on.

  “Do you think you are a brave man,
Jacques?” The troubled eyes met his
with a glance like a blow.

  “I have not the habit to be afraid,
m’sieur.”

  “Then, if you are brave, why should
you act like a coward? ”

  Schuyler had a glimpse then of how the
forebears of Jacques, only a few genera-
tions ago, had looked, on the war-path.
But Jacques said nothing. Schuyler went
on. “To live our lives here is a battle.
Many creatures suffer to make a life pos-
sible. We come here through suffering.
The poor beasts suffer whose flesh we eat
and whose skins and fur are our clothing.
Isn't it honorable that we should suffer
something in return for all this innocent
pain? Also, isn’t it the part of a brave
man to stay in the fight till the fight is
ended? Or—or”—Schuyler stammered
a bit—“or as good as ended. You are
just beginning. It would be like a cow-

ard to throw down your bow and arrow
and run out of the battle. And how do
you know what is coming? It may be
good things. It may be honest work and
a man’s place in the world. Prove that
Pere Augustin is wrong. Take up your
life and live it well. God will not damn
you because any one says so."

  “Won’t he?” inquired Jacques sur-
prised.

  Schuyler brought down his fist on the
old log with a force that sent loose bark
flying. “ You have a better chance for
heaven t han Pere Augustin. It’s damned
nonsense and malice. The game is in your
own hands. Stop drinking, live the best
life you know how, and you’ll get to
heaven in spite of Pere Augustin.”

  “Ah!” said Jacques, with a shadowy
smile. “I thank m’sieur.” And with
that a largefish jumped and the case rested
for this sitting.

  There were other sittings. Paddling
in the gleaming, hill-set fastnesses of the
Riviere a la Poele, floating down the west
side of Lac Noir, deep in afternoon
shadow, casting the long light-ray of the
leader over the dark bay at the head of
the lake, fishing the Lightning River amid
murmuring waters, one held seances.
One discussed heaven and hell when the
fish difl not rise. Schuyler’s blood was
up; he would save this fellow. More and
more he grew to like him. He threw the
force of his trained brain into the com-
bat, and he began to see that he scored.
Jacques was intelligent. The wall of
prejudice was sapped from within while
it was battered from without.

  “M’sieur is very clever? The educa-
tion of m’sieur coiltail cher—cost much?”
he asked wistfully one day, twisting the
canoe deftly to a better position. He
wanted to believe in this strange new
hope.

  And Schuyler went to work, half-smil-
ing, half with tears in his eyes, to set
forth the expense of sending a boy to
Groton, to Yale, to Oxford, and around
the world. Jacques was impressed to
speechlessness. It was apparent that the
brains of Schuyler, translated into cash,
were more than the brains of Pere Au-
gustin so translated. Schuyler saw the
blind faith of years crumbling before this
battering-ram of dollars. Yet the argu-
     Df\l'u>t by I'hilip R. Goodivin.

“You have a belter chance fur heaven than he."—Page 338.

339
One discussed heaven and hell when the fish did not rise.—Page 338.

ments which fetched Jacques in ihe end
were better arguments than this. The
mind behind the keen black eyes was a
thinking mind, once stirred. Schuyler
drag-netted his brain for the reading of
years back and put it in battle-array, and
so Jacques, who did not know how to
write, came to be fairly well informed in
the broadest modern views of philosophy
and religion.

  Then, on a day, the gargbjis came back
from a two-days’trip to the club with mail.
Among the letters was one for Schuyler
from the daughter whom he loved the
best of his children.

  “Can’t you pick up a trustworthy, in-
teresting guide for little Peter?” wrote
Mary Van Rensseller from her Adiron-
dack place. ‘'He reads too much, and I
can’t get him excited over paddling and
woodscraft as a boy should be. Our
guides are too old for him. I think, and
not one is dramatic enough to appeal to
little Peter, who is greedy for a Cooper,
King Arthur, Robin Hood incarnation.
Can you lay hands on such, father? He
needs it physically.”

  And Schuyler recognized the letter as a
crisis in a life not that of little Peter.

  The water was high that afternoon; the
foam lay in mounds of whipped cream
under the bushes of “ the Sauvage,” which
overhung the shores of the Riviere a la
Poele, the Frying-Pan River. The water
being so high, it was not good fishing, but
yet it was worth while to paddle to the
wide mouth of the stream, sentinelled
with bowlders, with grouped serene spruce-
spires pointing upward to the sky, re-
340

fleeted downward in the lake. It was
worth while to cast across cold brown
water and know lhat big trout lay hidden
there and might by chance rise to the fly.

  “Jacques,” said Schuyler, when, after
fifteen minutes, no trout had risen,
“Jacques, would you like to go back with
me and guide for my little grandson?”
The black velvet eyes glittered with a
swift light; Jacques said nothing. Schuy-
ler briefly stated the case.

  “M’sieur jokes?” inquired Jacques.
M’sieur made it clear that he did not
joke. There was a silence. Schuyler
waited. Out of the black-green depths
of a spruce wood on the hillside an hour-
bird, a hermit thrush, sang his liquid,
lingering four notes and stopped. The
earth was deep peace.

  “M’sieur knows my affair, that I am a
drunkard? ” Jacques asked.

  “I know your affair,” answered Schuy-
ler.

  “M’sieur would trust the grandchild
which m’sieur loves, the little chief, to a
drunkard?”

 “You are wrong,” said Schuyler.
“The man to whom I would trust my
grandchild would be a man who has got
through with drink forever.”

  Then he wailed rather breathlessly.
Jacques sucked in a long breath.

  “M'sieur would trust me, the outcast,
with a child dear to him?”

  “I would trust you,” Schuyler an-
swered.

  It was the crucial moment. Neither of
the two men missed the largeness of the
four words. To Schuyler a vision of little
The Fete of M’sieur Boh	341

Peter rose, and he shivered a bit. Who
was this wild Indian that for his salvation
he should hand over the safety of that be-
loved cropped head and those priceless
bare brown legs? Yet some force held
him to his bargain. As he Stared at the
wild Indian concerned he was aware with
a start of embar-
rassment that the
brilliant black
eyes were staring
back through a
mist; two drops
rolled on the lean,
dark cheeks of
Jacques.

  “M’sieur,” said
Jacques, “ my life
is not good enough
to give you. But
I will give it to
you, for it is all 1
have.”

 Three years
after this Peter
Schuyler waited,
on a day, at a lit-
tle country sta-
tion in the far
northern part of
New York State.

His great-grand-
father had owned
a tract of land
thereabouts be-
fore the Revolu-
tion, and much of
it had come down
to him. He had
lately installed a
new superintend-
ent, trained for

the purpose, over the farms and their in-
dustries, and he was interested in the
young man's success. The young man
had gone away to get married, and Schuy-
ler, at the little station on the road to
Canada, sat in his touring-car and waited
to meet him and his bride.

  Far down the rails a whistle tooted dis-
tantly, a locomotive slid into the gap be-
tween the great hills, raced screaming
toward him, stopped; the train had ar-
rived. Schuyler,on theplatform, watched
a dark, lithe young man spring out with

He turned, and helped
prettiest dark gir.s
ever

a free grace a bit incongruous with his
middle-class new clothes. Ho turned, and
helped to alight one of the very prettiest
dark girls whom Schuyler had ever seen.
And then in a moment the two had spied
him and the man's black eyes were ablaze.

  “Tt is my wife—it is Marie Gros-

                         I’ierre,” Jacques
cried eagerly,
sweeping the slim
figure forward,
and looked proud-
ly from one to
the other. And
Schuyler took the
girl's hand and
said friendly
things with a gra-
ciousness which
many high-born
ladies had never
known from him.
And with that
Marie Gros-Pierre
was having the
first motor-drive
of her life, and
Schuyler was won-
dering more and
more, ashe talked
toher,notshy,not
forward, spark-
ling with happi-
ness, responsive
to every kind
look, at the per-
fect breedingwhich
nature gives to
some of her chil-
dren lree gratis.
He had made
plans for Marie
Gros-Pierre’s well-
being for years to come, before the car
drew up at the stone farm-house in the
deep valley by the stream.

  ‘‘But, m’sieur, it is a palace,” said
Marie, gazing awe-struck at her home.
“Jacques and I, we can never deserve it.
But yet we will try.” And she went to
get supper in her palace.

  Two hours later, as Marie rattled
dishes happily, Schuyler and his superin-
tendent talked outside in the scented June
darkness. First practically, of crops and
machines and money. Then, as the pipes

to alight one of the very
whom Schuyler had
seen.
The Fete of M’sieur Bob

burned low, Jacques, in his deep, vague
tones, resonant yet of forest streams and
still hills, thanked Schuyler straightfor-
wardly for giving him life and God and a
career and his wife. “There is nothing
of the great things I have this night which
I do not owe to m'sieur,” Jacques said.
And Schuyler, laying his pipe on his knee,
had no answer. Yet after a time he
spoke.

  “Jacques," said Schuyler, “I owe you
as much as you owe me.”

  “ Me, m’sieur? ” Jacques was surprised.
“M’sieur owes me anything? M’sieur
jokes.”

  So Schuyler, seeing of Jacques only the
light of adoring black eyes, talked for a
few minutes as if to his own soul. He told
of his illness, his loss of interest in the
world, his dread of old age; he told of the
little steel affair in his desk and of his re-
solve to use it that September, of his
going to Canada to fill in the interval; he
told how the simple joy of living of the
Morgans had given him a manner of happy
shock; how he had found himself, with
his resolve of suicide still unbroken, feel-
ing oftener and oftener inconsistently
contented. Then he told how, with this
preparation, he had grown interested in
Jacques himself; how he had come to feel
it vitally necessary to save him; how in
reasoning against Jacques’s self-murder
he had reasoned against his own, and how
at last the keen interest in another life had
undermined the morbid desire to end his
own. He told how it had come to him as
an illumination, as world-old truths often
come, that the one thing which keeps a
life fresh is that it should, like a stream,
continually spend itself. These inmost
soul-secrets Schuyler, the reserved, the
haughty, who could not have said such
things to his brother or his son, these
things he expounded to an Indian guide,
his faim-si perintendent. It is likely that

when a soul gets down to bottom real-
ity it talks, if talking is done, to a soul,
without regard for race, creed, or color.
Jacques’s soul was a strong one, and de-
veloped by suffering, and given once for
all, with Indian finality, to the service and
worship of Schuyler. Also, now, of a new
God introduced by Schuyler. Jacques
listened, and understood.

  When the older man had finished, and
the quiet June night had closed about his
voice and laid over it two or three soft
moments, and built it into the great wall of
things past, then Jacques answered, with
a liquid, hollow depth of tone which had
often made Schuyler think of the rapids
on the Riviere a la Poele, booming dis-
tantly at midnight.

  “M'sieur,” Jacques said, and his Eng-
lish still carried a strong accent and an ef-
fect of translation. “ I am an ignorant
man, but I see more clearly than 1 did
formerly. It appears to me, m'sieur, that
if a man’s life is for himself he becomes
rather sick of it, cmmye, m’sieur; and
sometimes would like to end it because it
is tiresome: but if it is for others, which I
believe is the better arrangement, and
which is m'sieur's way,”—and Schuyler
in the dark felt ashamed and contented—
“then it is clear that a man has no right
to end his life. For how can one tell at
what moment one may be of use to those
others—anybody—everybody? One can-
not tell; therefore, one must live on, and
keep the lookout to be of service; for that
is what living is for. Also that way is
more amusing. N'cst-ce pus, m’sieur?”
“You are undoubtedly right, Jacques,”
answered Peter Schuyler calmly. “ I be-
gan to see that point of view on the day of
the fete of M'sieur Bob.”

  “Ah!” Jacques was smiling in the dark-
ness. “The fete of M’sieur Bob! It was
a day of good luck for me, that day.”
“And for me,” agreed Schuyler.
SARDIS AND THE AMERICAN EXCAVATIONS

By Howard Crosby Butler

HE excavations which have
been in progress at ancient
Sardis during several
months of each year for the
past four years are the first
work of the kind, on so large
a scale, that has yet been undertaken
by Americans in Greek lands. The place
which, after the first season, was pro-
nounced by competent scholars on both
sides of the Atlantic to be the most im-
portant of all the ancient sites in Asia
Minor, has already yielded scientific re-
sults far beyond the expectations of those
who were most interested in it. A temple
to Artemis, one of the largest erccted in
Greek antiquity, has been completely un-
earthed. Hundreds of objects, large and
small, objects of beauty as well as of
archeological interest, have been brought
to light, and many inscriptions in Greek,
one of them of great historical importance,
have been discovered. But the discovery
which stands out by itself and which would
make the whole undertaking worth while
if nothing else had been found is that of
a large body of inscriptions in Lydian, a
new and unknown tongue, together with
two keys which promise eventually to
open this entirely new store of historical
information. Thus, archaeologists and his-
torians, as well as philologians and epig-
raphists, both at home and abroad, are
looking with the keenest interest toward
this new field for research. But an article
which is to describe, in a popular way,
the work being done at a place so little
known as Sardis must begin with excur-
sions into geography and history, and
some brief descriptions of the country and
its present inhabitants may serve to give
a fresh and living setting to a theme de-
voted to the resurrection of a long-dead
city.

There is a river which flows northward,
eastward, and northward again, finding its
hazardous way through the rugged moun-
tains of ancient Lydia in Asia Minor. Its
Vol. LV—35

waters, now scant and limpid, now volumi-
nous and turbid, are poured at length into
a larger and more sluggish stream, which,
fed by a hundred other snow-born foun-
tains that descend from the almost per-
petually snow-clad mountains on the
south, flows westward, in its turn, through
abroad and fruitful plain, and then through
a narrow defile, to lose itself and its yel-
low hue at last in the clear expanse of the
Bay of Smyrna, which at this point rep-
resents the yEgean Sea. The smaller
river is the ancicnt Pactolus—the gold-
bearing stream of classical legend and
song—in which mythical Midas washed
to cleanse himself of the “golden touch”
and from which historical Croesus washed
his wealth by the simple process known
as placer mining. For Croesus was no
other than the last king of the ancient
Lydian nation, and the Pactolus cut in
halves the market-place of no less a city
than Sardis, his capital. The greater
river was anciently the Hermus. Beside
its banks the armies of Xerxes and of
Alexander encamped. It made cf the
plain of Lydia a great nation’s granary
and garden; but it did not appeal to the
poets and the builders of legend as did
its little mountain arm with the sands of
gold. The snow-capped mountain was
Tmolus to the Greeks. Its rugged fast-
nesses saw the birth and youthful sports
of Pan Thus, in a few words, we may
place tne setting of this story on the
ancient geographical chart, and in the
mythology and legends of the ancient
Greeks.

On the east bank of the Pactolus, just
above the point where that stream enters
the plain to join the Hermus, rises a sharp-
crested, precipitous-sided crag, some six-
hundred feet high, composed of reddish,
hard-packed clay shot through with
rounded pebbles. There is a thin line of
green along its summit, and straggling
wisps of pine and broom cling to its al-
most naked sides as they rise abruptly
from lower slopes that are thick with

                                      343
344

Sardis and the American Excavations

scrub-oak, thorn, and oleander. This shaft
of red clay with its spear-point crest—
for it is hardly more than a shaft—is all
that remains of the famous acropolis of
ancient Sardis, and. if you look care-
fully, you will see two fragments of mass-
ive wall balancing themselves below the
crest. If you were to climb the shoulder
of the acropolis you would seo several
hundred feet of this wall still holding it-
self in place by some acrobatic feat of
statics which the beholder is powerless to
explain.

  At the foot of the acropolis, quite near
the river’s eastern bank, two Ionic col-
umns of white marble, for years on end,
have been the only monument to mark the
last resting-place of the older Sardis, the
lower city of the Lydians and the Greeks.
Beside these columns, in the month of
March, iqio, a party of American exca-
vators pitched their tents, prepared to
begin the unearthing of the ancient city,
and, since the two Ionic shafts were the
only visible signs of a building of un-
doubted antiquity that might, or must, be
buried below, it was natural that the ex-
cavators should choose to begin their
operations in the neighborhood of these
two guide-posts, rather than on the far-
ther side of the acropolis hill where there
are remains of a Roman Sardis, or out
toward the plain where crude and un-
sightly masses of broken wall mark the
site of the town of Byzantine days.

  A moderately practised eye could see
that columns of such massive girth, and
so disproportionally low, could be show-
ing hardly more than one half of their
original height. They stood over six feet
in diameter, and only a little over thir-
ty feet high. They were undoubtedly
Greek, and in the Ionic style, and the
correct proportion of height to diameter
should be nearer nine times than five
limes. Thus one could reason that the
building to which these columns belonged,
allowing for the platform upon which such
a building might be presumed to stand,
must be buried from thirty to forty feet
deep at this point. To the south and
west the level of the ground fell off
toward the river, whose banks were not
more than fifteen or twenty feet high;
but to the north and east the present
level gains one or two feet with every

  rod. so that the city, in these directions
from the columns, must lie fifty, sixty,
even seventy feet under ground. Every
intelligent visitor who stands beneath
these columns and looks up to the scanty
remnants of the fortifications on the
sharp peak above them, asks the same
question: “How did a city as great as
Sardis is believed to have been, a cily
which must have had many and large
buildings, ever become so completely and
so deeply buried?” And such as have
read their Polybius, as a few visitors do
in preparation for a visit, also ask: “How
in the world were a great fortress, one of
the most impregnable of antiquity, and
numerous large buildings, enough to com-
pose an upper city, ever perched upon
that knife-bladc, and what has become
of them all? surely they were not buried.”
The answer to one question is answer to
the other. It involves an explanation
that the hill we now see is not the hill of
Croesus's stronghold, not the acropolis so
gallantly defended by Achseus in the
third century B. C., but only a small
fragment of it: the remainder of it lies
below, burying the ancient lower city in
its debris. Look at it now; tiny ava-
lanches of sand and pebbles are coming
down under the tread of every venture-
some goat; with the flap of an eagle’s
wing against its sides it is falling every
moment. Or, better, creep up toward
the base of one of those cliffs on a winter
morning, when the sun first strikes it
after a night of frost, hear that bang and
rattle like artillery, see that pinnacle
topple and fall; while the eagles, the
hawks, and the owls which have their
nests in its pitted surface fly screaming
from their nooks. This is a country of
earthquakes. It is written down in his-
tory that a great one destroyed Sardis
in the year 17 of this era, in the reign
of Tiberius Cai-sar. We shall never know
how much of the acropolis fell down on
that occasion, nor how much has fallen
in the earthquakes which have shaken it
during the nineteen hundred years since;
but the fragments of walls which we see
up there are not the walls of Lydians or
Greeks, not even of the Romans; they
are the building of the latest of the By-
zantine defenders, even Turkish perhaps;
but not an inch of the hilltop now visible
Sardis and the American Excavations

345

could be seen when Alexander the Great
stood upon it; these parts were probably
near the core of the acropolis in those
days.

  I cannot leave Alexander standing upon
the top of the acropolis without giving
some description of the splendid pano-
rama that spread out before him, look-
ing then very much as it does now; for,
although the pedestal on which he stood
and its base have changed much, the
outlying hills, being of more enduring
stuff, the plain, the river, the lake, and
the glorious expanse of sky have altered
only as light and shade and the vary-
ing clouds can change them. Beyond
the vast expanse of whitened housetops
and marble-tiled temple roofs, beyond
the massive walls ar.d the city gates, be-
yond all these things that are no more, to
the north, and far around toward the
rising sun, spreads out the sumptuous
plain divided and subdivided into squares
and rectangles of golden yellow, green, and
reddish-brown—the wealth of Lydia in
various stages of development. Through
the midst runs a stream of molten silver
winding in broad majestic curves. Near
the river a mighty assemblage of tents
marked the camp of the Macedonian
army; the plain was dotted with more
and better-looking villages; but the
squares and rcctanglcs which change ihcir
colors with every moon were there as
they are now. Beyond the plain, straight
to the northward, on a long low ridge,
rises a vast array of cone-shaped mounds
of varying sizes, some as large as the
great pyramids, others no bigger than
a thirty-foot tent; all regular in form
and smoothly overgrown with grass. If
Aristotle had schooled him thoroughly in
Herodotus as well as in Plato, Alexander
kr.ew that these mounds were the famous
tombs of the Lydian kings, even before
his attendants informed him of the fact.
The great one toward the east is the tomb
of Alyattes, the next one is King Gyges’s
tomb, the others have no names, and
the smaller ones were probably not royal
tombs at all, unless the kingdom of Lydia
lasted much longer and had many more
kings than we have any reason to sup-
pose. The Turks now call the ridge with
its tumuli Bin Tepc — The Thousand
Mounds. The background of the tomb-

hills is a broad expanse of burnished steel
—the lake of Gyges. Beyond this, range
above range, purple and azure, rise the
distant mountains which form the north-
ern boundary of the plain; the faint blue
peak which seems to pierce the sky is
said to be the summit of the Moesian
Olympus. In all other directions, far
and near, mountains and hills, snowy
crest and beetling crag, tufted forest
slope and black cavernous ravine, com-
pose a prospect of wild splendor. To the
east loom the towering masses of Mount
Tmolus, crowned and streaked with
white. To the south rises a mighty pine-
clad mountain wall, cleft with deep and
shadowy gorges through which wild
mountain torrents roar and leap from
cataract to cataract, cutting their way
through barriers of glistening marble un-
til white precipices rise sheer on either
hand. To the westward, gaunt and bare,
the red-clay hills stand, carved by wind
and rain into a thousand fantastic shapes,
like the spires and pinnacles of Gothic
architecture; and beyond, more fair blue
hills reaching up to mountain height.
Then at the northwest the eye once more
rests where the plain and mountain meet
again below the steep wall of Mount
Sipylus, where still weeps Niobe, that
huge pathetic figure in stone.

  “But what was there,” inquires again
the intelligent visitor, “to make a town
like Sardis, shut up between two moun-
tains, on the edge of a plain that was no
richer than many other plains, so im-
portant in antiquity? Surely it was not
merely the w'ealth of Crccsus, and what
is there about Sardis now that makes it
worth while to spend so much money and
so much labor in excavating it?”

  The two questions are perfectly fair;
but it would make a very long story to
answer them fully, and I doubt if I have
the knowledge to answer them in de-
tail, giving justly balanced weight to the
claims of every reason for these things;
but brief answers which may be satisfy-
ing for the moment can be given offhand
by any of us who have the work here in
our hands. It certainly was not simply
the wealth of Croesus that gave Sardis its
ancient importance, although, in a sense,
that played an important part. Crcesus’s
341)

Sardis and the American Excavations

great fortune may have been, in part at
least, a myth—he might rank to-day only
as a third" or fourth rate millionaire; but
let us consider that fortune as a symbol
of things more significant than the treas-
ure of one man. Gold was found in the
bed of the Pactolus—it was easily ob-
tained; the Lydians and Crcesus’s royal
predecessors for generations had been
growing rich from this source. But it is
more important to remember that the
Lydians were the first nation to coin gold.
Crcesus made his coinage in such values
that it was easily exchangeable in the
East and West. He became, one might
say, a great exchange banker, and the
position of his kingdom, midway between
the Oriental world and the Greek world,
helped his business. And this brings us
to a consideration of the second question.
Sardis is important as a site for excava-
tion just because of her position at a
point where East and West met. She
moreover commanded the terminus of
the greatest of all the trade-routes of its
day—the Royal Road—which, coming
straight through Asia Minor, carried the
converging commerce of all the peoples
of the East into her warehouses, and sent
it forth again westward to the seaports.
Imagine what tolls and customs duties
Sardis could have exacted from this com-
merce; imagine what a power she had as
a disseminator of Oriental goods in the
West and of Occidental goods in the East,
a power of exchanging thoughts, arts, in-
dustries between the two—this made her
important.

 There are many people nowadays,
many scholars in fact, who believe that
the civilization of the Greeks, their re-
ligion, and their art did not spring wholly
and independently from the soil of Hellas.
Eastern civilization was older, Eastern
art had been longer; did they affect the
civilization and the art of Greece, and, if
so, to what extent? This is an important
question; for to a high degree it bears
upon the origins of our own civilization,
though few realize this until their atten-
tion is called to it. And how much we
hear of origins in these days! Since Dar-
win wrote his ‘‘Origin of Species” what
mines of wealth, what labors of the brain,
wiiat regiments of lives have been de-
voted to the study of origins! The study

of history and of art. no less than that
of the natural w’orld, must be treated
by the evolutionary method, and these
sciences are no longer sciences without it.
Now, it safely may be assumed that if
there is any ancient site which holds
secrets touching the origins of Greek civ-
ilization, that site, for reasons given
above, is Sardis. Sardis had a long his-
tory, longer than the unbroken history of
Greece. She was great, powerful, and
progressive; yet all that we know' about
her is to be gleaned from a few sentences
of the great Greek historian. This can-
not be all there is to know. The Lyd-
ians had a language of their own. writ-
ten in characters of their own devising—
a highly developed language which they
wrote in beautiful letters on their monu-
ments, as we have actually discovered.
This language has not yet been com-
pletely deciphered, but it will be before
very long. Is it presumptuous to say
that more secrets will be revealed here in
time?

  In the middle of the sixth century
Ii. C. Sardis was the capital of an old and
powerful independent kingdom and one
of the great cities of the wrorld. Her his-
tory must have been a long one, though
how long we cannot say, owing to the
scantiness of our present information.
Crcesus, the last, and perhaps the great-
est, of the Lydian kings, was himself a
Phil-IIellene, but he was undoubtedly
not the first to encourage Greek culture in
Lydia. The sixth century was a time of
Greek expansion and of Greek coloniza-
tion in all parts of the Mediterranean
basin. Greeks had come to Lydia and
had settled in Sardis, bringing their cul-
ture with them, long before the famous
visit of Solon. Then came the Persian
war—that great war of invasion from the
East—and Crcesus, who had done so
much to save Hellas from the invaders,
lost his throne, and was carried away a
captive to the Persian capital. Sardis
became the western capital of the Persian
Empire, the seat of a Persian satrap, and
a Persian garrison became a fixture upon
the acropolis. For over two hundred
years the city remained under Persian
sway, but she did not become Persian—
quite the contrary; for the seeds of
Greek civilization already sown grew up,
Sardis and the American Excavations

347

bore fruit, increased, and multiplied, so	cities of Asia Sardis was rebuilt after the

that the conquest was in effect one for	great earthquake of the year 17 A. D., and

the Greeks. When Alexander arrived	flourished as a metropolis for a few cen-

before the gates of Sardis they were	turies longer. She was among the earlier

thrown open to him, he was welcomed as	cities to harbor a community who had

The columns before the excavations were begun, March, 1910.

a deliverer, and, without delay, he made
Sardis a free Greek city, on a footing
with the Ionian cities of the coast. From
this time whatever still survived of the
old Lydian life and custom was merged
in the common Hellenistic civilization
that had begun to cover the then known
world. Lydia and her capital, after two
stormy centuries under the successors of
Alexander, like all the ancient kingdoms
of Asia, were engulfed in the maw of Rome.
Holding an honored and more or less
independent position among her sister
Vol. LV.—36

embraced the newly preached tenets of
Christianity, and was the seat of one of
the seven churches of Asia. Although
Saint John, in the Apocalypse, is not san-
guine of the condition of the Sardian
church in the first century, it remained
an important centre of Christianity long
after the early struggles of the infant
church were over and passed. As a city
of the later Roman and Byzantine days,
Sardis seems to have lost much of her
pristine power and eminence. She fell to
the Turks in the eleventh century and
The excavations in April, 1910.

Acropolis, tents ol the excavators, and columns of the temple of Artemis Pactolus in the foreground.

met her final destruction at the hands of
Timour Lenk (Tamerlane) in the year
1402 A. D.

  The task of excavation was begun to
the westward of the columns so often re-
ferred to above, at the river-bank, where
some flood had cut a perpendicular face—
a practical cross-section—of the accumu-
lated debris that buried the city. The
first cutting was carried down to a level,
or stratum, of clay almost as hard as
rock, which seemed to be a natural and
undisturbed formation. But this lowest
level was soon abandoned for one about
five feet higher, where a large paving-
block of marble, apparently in place, gave
the first sign of human handiwork. Ex-
cavation was carried rapidly eastward on
this level, by means of a cutting one hun-
dred and fifty feet wide, for several weeks,
until an ancient building, oblong, with a
flight of steps on its long western side,
and preserved to a height of from six to
ten feet, was unearthed. It was evident
that the building was very early; it was
348

tentatively called the “Lydian build-
ing,” and the level was called the Lydian
level; later discoveries established the
correctness of these titles. About the
walls of this Lydian building, and in two
rows on either side of it, stood rectan-
gular marble bases with sockets in their
tops to receive the bottoms of tall in-
scribed slabs or stela. One of these
stelse was found, having fallen forward
from its elevated base; it contained a
long and well-engraved Lydian inscription.
All the other stela; had been carried away.

  But scarcely had these interesting re-
mains of Lydian civilization come to
light when farther advance on this level
was checked by the finding of heavy walls
of huge, roughly finished blocks of white
marble perfectly fitted together immedi-
ately cast of the Lydian building. These
w'ere soon found to be the foundations of
the great temple the eastern end of
which was represented by the two tall
columns standing over three hundred
feet away. This discovery at once gave
proof that the temple was one of the
The temple from "lie north, March, 1912

largest of Greek antiquity, and necessi-
tated the temporary abandonment of the
Lydian level for that of the temple plat-
form about ten feet above it. The orig-
inal cutting was then widened, and the
force of laborers was increased to about
one hundred men. Before the end of
the first season the foundations of the
western quarter of the temple had been
exposed, and progress eastward had
carried the excavations into the western
chamber of the temple, that is to say, the
treasury. With every few yards' advance
the temple was found in a better and
better state of preservation. The west-
ern portico preserved only the founda-
tions of columns in large blocks of marble;
but the north wall of the treasury cham-
ber was found to be standing to a height
of about seven feet above its foundations,
and here, on the inner face, was found a
long inscription, beautifully cut in small
Greek letters, which was found to be a
mortgage given by one Mnesymachos to
the stewards of the temple of Artemis, a
most interesting and important document

in itself, which gave the first incontest-
able proof that the building was the tem-
ple of Artemis. The inscription is to lie
dated, by internal evidence, in the closing
years of the fourth century B. C. Ionic
capitals of unusual beauty, and a number
of highly finished lluted-column drums,
together with fragments of carved-col-
umn bases and other details which were
recovered during the first season, indi-
cated that the temple was begun early in
the fourth century.

  With the second campaign a further
widening out of the original cutting was
accomplished in addition to the principal
work of digging continually eastward in
the direction of the columns. But even
with the introduction of a de Couvillc sys
tem of railway, and an increase in the
number of laborers to two hundred men,
the eastern progress was slower than it
had been during the previous campaign.
This was due, in part, as had been an-
ticipated, to the rapid increase of the
depth of soil to be removed; but prin-
cipally to the increasing number of fallen

                                      349
350	Sardis and the American Excavations

building-stones and architectural details	buried in thirty feet of debris. As the

which were encountered. Drums of col-	excavations progressed it became more

umns and blocks for the walls, weighing	and more apparent that the western end

from five to seven tons, to say nothing	of the temple had been exposed, or only

of a block of the architrave of twenty-	little buried, during the Byzantine pe-

five tons’ weight suspended in soft earth	riod, and that the ancient building had

General view of the excavations in June, 191a.

high above the bottom of the excava-
tions, constituted an ever-present dan-
ger to laborers working near them, and
caused constant delays until these huge
obstructions could be removed to per-
manent places of safety. The end of the
season, however, saw the clearing out of
the cclla—the main chamber of the tem-
ple—the exposing of the foundations of
a long line of columns on either side of
the building, and the unearthing of the
bases of tw'o columns at the southeast
angle, including one of the standing col-
umns which was thus converted from a
short, thick shaft to one of unusual height
and slenderness, about twenty-five feet
having been added to its length. The
remainder of the eastern portico remained

served as a quarry, at least from the
sixth century onward. On the level upon
which much of this breaking up had been
carried on, among a heap of intentionally
broken blocks of marble, we found a
hoard of two hundred and seventeen
bronze coins of the sixth century, which
probably represented the savings of sone
laborer engaged in the work of destruc-
tion. It was further evident that the
temple was preserved only in proportion
as it had been buried, and that more
than two thirds of the edifice, its walls,
its columns and entablature, even its
roof of marble tiles, had been broken up
and converted into lime at least twelve
hundred years ago. Fortunately the
foundations had been spared even at the
Sardis and the American Excavations

351

unfortunate west end. In the middle of
the cultus chamber was disclosed a mass-
ive platform, composed of two layers of
coarse purple sandstone blocks evidently
belonging to a structure far older than the
fourth-century temple and presumed to

plete unearthing of the temple and the
discovery of a large body of Lydian in-
scriptions, together with a key in the
form of an Aramaic translation of one of
them, in addition to the almost daily
“ finds’’ of greater or less importance; but

The little church from the north.

be the basis for the great cultus statue of
Artemis. At a point where one of the
later marble-column foundations had
been joined on to this ancient construc-
tion, in the vertical joints between the
two, a collection of large Greek coins in
silver was found, fifty-five in all, tetra-
drachms of Philip, Alexander, and sev-
eral of the earlier successors of Alexander,
all in a perfect state of preservation and
most of them as fresh as they were the
day they came from the mint. In an-
other similar position a mass of copper
coin of the same age was found, and, be-
tween the layers of the “basis,” a silver
coin of Crcesus.

The third season was most interesting
and spectacular, for it witnessed the com-

the fourth season, the campaign just
closed, was the most satisfactory of all,
for it saw the temple brought up, as it
were, out of a pit and set in a broad open
space, more as it was of old. It equalled
the preceding season from a scientific
standpoint by producing a bilingual in
Lydian and Greek, and it surpassed all
previous seasons in the field of the history
of art. The four campaigns have com-
prised but eighteen months of actual work-
ing-time, since it has been possible to
carry on the work only between the end
of January and the beginning of July of
each year, owing to severe weather con-
ditions in the winter and the demands of
the crops upon the laborers in the late
summer and autumn months. But, in
Sardis and the American Excavations

this brief space of time, a sloping barley
field, with two columns and a heap of
fallen column-drums clustering about
them, has been converted into a vast pit
over six hundred feet long and four hun-
dred feet wide, twelve feet dee]) at one

were to have carver: the flutings.^ This
and other evidence shows that this por-
tion of the building was undergoing a proc-
ess ot rebuilding, doubtless as the result
of earthquakes, and was not completely
finished in all details when it was finally

Capilal found in Hie excavations.

end and fifty feet deep at the other,
with four lines of railway on either side
running on four different levels and
spreading out, toward the west, over the
great, ilat, brown dump which now al-
most fills the broad river-bed at this point.
In the midst of the excavation stands the
temple, its every out.ine at the far end
marked out by marble foundations against
the brown earth, its middle section out-
lined by walls standing at a height of six-
feet or more, and its east end rising ma-
jestically in highly finished walls fifteen
to twenty feet high, and thirteen huge
columns still preserving twenty-five to
thirty feet of their original height, in ad-
dition to the two original columns which
tower almost sixty feet above the plat-
form. All this marble is now' a soft yel-
lowish-brown rapidly turning to an ivory
white by the natural washing of rains and
intentional washing with a hose-pipe.
The columns, almost seven feet in diam-
eter, create an impression of Egyptian
massiveness which is relieved by the
graceful curves and the rich and varied
ornament of their bases. Only two of
these eastern columns are fluted, though
all the others show bands and lines for
the guidance of the stone-cutters who

overwhelmed and abandoned. All the
fragments of columns at the opposite end
of the building are in a finished state, with
deep and w'ell-cut ilutings. At the west-
ward of the temple, and on a level well be-
low it, is the ancient Lydian building; at
the east end, near the southeast angle,
and on a level five feet above the column
bases is an early Christian church, crudely
built of brick, with its walls and the half-
dome of its apse all intact, and the little
altar standing as it stood at the close of
the celebration of its last mass. Behind
the little apse is a half-ruined one that
belonged to a still earlier period. At the
very close of the third campaign, directly
in front of the tpmple of Artemis, the ex-
cavation of which had just been com-
pleted, we found a tall stele with a fine
Greek inscription of one hundred and
ihirty-eight lines, one of the longest in-
scriptions that have been found in Asia
Minor, which contained a letter from the
Emperor Augustus and gave us the wel-
come information that the temple of Zeus
is in the same sacred enclosure with the
temple of Artemis. Owing to the con-
ditions of the site, this temple must be
near at hand, buried in from fifty to
seventy feet of soil. If, like the other
Sardis and the American Excavations

353

temple, it is preserved in proportion as it
is deeply buried, we should find it a very
well-preserved building, and, if it is the
temple of Zeus referred to by Arrian, it
stands upon the ruins of the Palace of
Crcesus.

  It is almost startling, even to those who
have watched the work day by day, to
reflect upon the miracle that has trans-
formed the barley-held into the site of a
splendid building: it is the next best
thing to the creation of a great work of
art, to dig it out of the earth. Most of
the credit for the rapidity of this trans-
formation is due to the skill and the untir-
ing energy and patience of the engineers
who have had the work in charge. But
we cannot pass without a tribute to the
quality of the laborers which good for-
tune has placed at the disposal of the ex-
cavators. Good fellows they are, mostly
Turkish peasants, farmers from the plain,
and shepherds and woodmen from the
hills, with an occasional Cretan Moslem
or a Greek from one of the neighboring
towns. Strong of back and limb, tract-

able and hard-working, and, to an aston-
ishing degree, interested in their work and
devoted to their foreign employers, they
make as satisfactory a body of workmen
as could be found anywhere in the world.
They have learned that the excavators
are not in search of treasure in their ac-
cepted sense of the word, and in their de-
sire to please lake great pains with the
digging out of bits of carving or inscrip-
tions, and seem, many of them, to be
truly interested in what they are doing.

  The most important discovery from a
scientific point of view, namely, that of
the collection of Lydian inscriptions and
the Lydian-Aramaic bilingual key, was
not made at the temple, where, to be sure,
several good inscriptions in this new lan-
guage and the Lydian-Grcck bilingual
have been found, but at the tombs across
the river, where excavations on a small
scale have been in progress simultane-
ously with those at the temple. I say a
“collection' of Lydian inscriptions, for
the reason that most of them were found,
not in place, but built into a compara-

I it the cast poich of the Temple <j( Artemis
The eaii end of the temple.

lively late wall which itself had become
deeply buried. They had stood original-
ly in front of the entrances to tombs, and,
after the dead whom they commemo-
rated had been forgotten by generations
that could not read Lydian, had been col-
lected and used in the construction of the
foundation walls of some Greek or Roman
monument. A remarkable hoard of docu-
ments they proved to be, large marble
slabs with long and beautifully written
inscriptions, perfectly preserved, as in-
scriptions, in many cases, and as clear as
the day they were written. The}- had
been tall stela? with rich anthemion crest-
ings, and all of them had been broken into
two or three pieces to render them more
useful for building puqioses. But few of
the inscriptions had been injured, and
others which had been broken were found
to fit together without injury to the writ-
ing, and the flowery crests of two of them
were easily reset in place. Among them
was the bilingual, with two long docu-
ments, one line of the Lydian part miss-

    354

ing but supplied in the translation. That
the one was a translation of the other
there could be no doubt, for a slight emen-
dation of the writing had been made at
the same point in both. The first line of
the Aramaic translation gives a date, for
it names the day and the month and the
year in the reign of King Artaxerxes in
which it was written. This extraordi-
nary document, even with the aid of the
Lydian-Greek key, of course does not
solve the whole problem of the reading of
the Lydian tongue; but it gave the first
surely right turn in an intricate combina-
tion lock.

  The tombs, already referred to above,
form a great necropolis which honey-
combs the steep clay hills across the river
opposite the temple. They are pretty
much of one type and are arranged in
tiers, each tomb consisting of an entrance
passage leading to one or more chambers
with raised shelves or couches on either
side, and at the end all hewn out of the
hard clay, and for the most part still well
The excavations as they are to-day.

preserved, though full, or nearly full, of
earth and completely concealed from view
by the surfacc earth that has been carried
down over them.

  The objects found in these tombs are
the usual furnishings of sepulchres in
Greek lands,—pottery of the highest in-
terest, vessels of bronze and silver, bo:tles
of alabaster and of figured glass, personal
ornaments in gold, and stones which were
precious to the ancients, engraved seals,
and odd objects connected with the caily
life of those who have passed away, ob-
jects too numerous and too varied to be
described in an article of this kind. No
effort was made on the part of the ancient
Lydians to preserve the bodies of their
dead; only a few bones remain and these
usually crumble at the touch. The dead
were, in most cases, brought to the tombs
on wooden biers and laid upon the simple
hewn-out couches, though a considerable
number w'ere placed in large terra-cotta
coffins, and a few bodies were laid in huge
sarcophagi of limestone unornamented.

These were the tombs of the ordinary
well-to-do citizens, and it is plain that,
while some of the dead were entombed
with objects of intrinsic value, others,
even in the same chambers, were buried
with little or nothing of this world’s
wealth. A sarcophagus of terra-cotta or
of stone is no indication of wealth, for
some of the most valuable articles are
found upon simple couches, and many of
the sarcophagi contain nothing but bones
and dust.

  The lure of the gold is, as in all excava-
tions, irresistible; but the jewelry found
at Sardis is particularly attractive be-
cause it is all of a most delicate, refined,
and careful workmanship which suggests
the best Etruscan work. There are neck-
laces of many forms with pendants of
rare beauty, earrings of fascinating de-
signs, some large and some small, finger-
rings in many charming forms, plaques
with delicate moulded designs, to be sewn
onto garments, and beads and trinkets of
many varieties. With the jewelry may

                                       355
Sardis and the American Excavations

be counted the engraved gems which, as a
collection, are among the most beautiful
and interesting of all the finds. A few of
these are Greek, including a fine large
chalcedony, with
an intaglio of Athe-
na and Hermes, set
in a gold bracelet;
but the majority
belong to an older
period, and are of a
very rare style
which has been
known as Greco-
Persian, but which
we now believe to
have been Lydian.

They are for the
most part cut in
chalcedony, carne-
lian, or rock crystal,
and of conoid form,
and many still pre-
serve their mount-
ings of gold or sil-
ver, which provide
rings by which they
were attached to or
suspended from a
girdle or perhaps
a necklace. The
technique of the cutting is exquisite; the
subjects are decidedly Oriental and sug-
gest many Persian prototypes, such as
kings lighting with lions or griffins, en-
throned kings, lions and bulls in combat.,
single lions, two monsters facing each
other, and similar scenes which are often
connected with early Persian art. The
most interesting of all represents an ar-
chaic Artemis holding two lions aloft at
arm’s length, precisely lik the Artemis
of a bronze relief found at Olympia which
is usually dated as of the seventh century
B. C. and which may possibly have come
from Sardis. Some of these intaglios arc
cut in carnelians of scaraboid form set
in rings of gold, one was executed on a
cylinder which still has its gold mounting,
while in other cases lions and human fig-
ures are engraved with rare beauty of
technique on plain gold rings which are
Mycenaean in shape.

  Early in the third campaign a find of
unexpected interest was made in a tomb
the outer chamber of which had collapsed

and the inner chamber had become filled
with earth. As the earth was removed it
was found that there were two terra-
cotta sarcophagi on the double couch at

 the end of the inner
 chamber. These
 were carefully
 cleared of earth and
 thecoverof the first
 was lifted off to dis-
 close a small skele-
 ton rapidly falling
 to dust, with an ala-
 baster bottle beside
 either shoulder.
 Two bright and
 beautiful earrings,
 like little clusters of
 berries, lay one on
 either side of the
 head; where the
 breast had been
 were a mass of gold-
 en beads and pend-
 antsof lovely design
 that had composed
 the necklace;on the
 finger-bone of one

Teirs-colia n,,sj,	hand waS aSeal-ring

                     of gold. About the
foot of the coffin
were clusters of gold beads that had prob-
ably been sewn onto the bottom of the
garment. A physician happened to be
visiting the excavations at the Lime. He
was called, among the first, to examine
the body. He pronounced it to be the
remains of a young girl of sixteen or
seventeen. She had probably died as a
bride and had been buried in her wed-
ding garments and jewels. The coffin
next to this, probably that of the hus-
band, who may have died many years
later, contained nothing but bones. Less
sentiment had been shown at his fu-
neral.

   It is a source of regret, even of disap-
 pointment, 1 might say, to many of those
 interested in these excavations that there
 is small likelihood of any of the objects
 discovered at Sardis ever coming to en-
 rich the collections of American museums,
 in spite of the fact that American funds
 are being expended and that the work
 is being carried on by Americans. The
 Turkish law covering these matters, like
Sardis and the American Excavations

357

those of Greece and of Italy, provides that
all movables shall go to the National
Museum. One may find satisfaction,
however, in the reflection that, by this
arrangement, all objects of all kinds will
be kept together, and can be observed
and studied in their mutual relations. It
is further satisfaction to know that the
Imperial Ottoman Museum at Constan-
tinople is rapidly becoming one of the
most important of the art museums of
Europe, a well-administered institution
where all these things will be well cared
for and well displayed.

  Of course the sole right of publication,
both of the ruins and of the various kinds
of objects, belongs to the American ex-
cavators. It has to be borne in mind that
in these days all arch&'ological investi-
gation in the Ottoman Empire, in Greece,
or in Italy, must be undertaken on purely
scientific grounds, without hope of tan-
gible rewards, just as expeditions to ob-
serve an eclipse or to find the poles of the
earth are undertaken.

  We may hope that I his undertaking,
among the many supported by generous
and disinterested Americans who are in
a position to do these things, will not be

permitted to become crippled, or to lan-
guish and die, for lack of funds. An
American enterprise, it has had the good
fortune to secure a site for excavations
which, in the opinion of many of the most
distinguished archaeologists and histori-
ans of this and of other nations, is the
most to be desired in Asia Minor or per-
haps in the world of the ancient Greeks,
and which has remained so long unexca-
vated solely on account of the difficul-
ties and heavy expense entailed by the
great depth of the soil in which the city
is buried. The returns, after eighteen
months of work, have far exceeded the
highest hopes of the excavators and the
expectations of scholars who have been
interested in the work from the beginning.
Thus far the undertaking has been sup-
ported by the private subscriptions of a
small number of lovers of art. One can-
not but believe that the spirit of idealism
in the United States will see it through to
a position of efficiency and accomplish-
ment which will make the excavation of
Sardis the first great American monu-
ment to the science of archeology and
history in its broadest sense, as well as to
art as a living subject.

Objects in pottery.
   Drawn by VUtor i\ Anderson.

“ 1 lie ru*c ail»*r ought to b« on llie edg- of the clitT over iherc. with a stone balustrade broad enough lo sit on and watch

the ihips in lie harbor '*—Page 359.

   358
THE STUFF THAT DREAMS ARE MADE ON

                   By Gerald Chittenden

                     Illustration hy Victor C. Anderson

HE rose arbor—” began
Havens.

  “The pergola, you
mean,” interrupted Mrs.
Havens, smiling.

  “The rose arbor,” re-
peated Havens, with emphasis. “I won’t
cali it a pergola. When I design houses for
the criminal classes, I call such things per-
golas because the name adds ten per cent
to my fees. I can’t afford the luxury, and,
anyhow, it’s a rose arbor. Madeira isn’t
Long Island or Newport.”

  “No. Madeira is just Madeira, though
it would smell as sweet by any other name”
answered his wife. ‘; What were you going
to say about the per—rose arbor?”

  "The per—rose arbor,” Havens contin-
ued, “ought to be on the edge of the cliff
over there to the left, with a stone balus-
trade broad enough to sit on and watch the
ships in the harbor and be glad you didn’t
have to go away.”

  “And it must join on to the dining-
room.”

  “By all means. Is there soil enough for
roses, do you think?”

  “Plenty.” Mrs. Havens poked the point
of her parasol deep into the heavy loam
that brings forth llowers that have no peers
under the sun. “Plenty. Roses, and rho-
dodendrons, and—and radishes; everything
that begins with an ‘ R.’ It will be a dream
of a place, Jim.”

  ‘ A dream of a place,” he assented, and
looked for a long time down upon the roo:s
of Funchal, jasper against the jade and sap-
phire of the bay. A steamer had just
rounded to under the wide sweep of the
point opposite, and the brief rattle of her
anchor-chain came to them, mellowed by
distance to an almost musical cadence.

  “Union Castle line,” he commented,
“bound for Cape Town. The sun’s set-
ting.”

  She rose and stood beside him, leaning on
her parasol.

     Vol. LV.—37

  “A dream,” she mused; “do the best
ones ever come true?”

  “They’re the only kind that do,” he
replied.

  They walked slowly away from the cliff,
and through a tangle of bushes and vines
to the road, where Jose and the mules
awaited them, and then rode downward
through the unreal dusk to Funchal.

   It was their last night on the island; to-
morrow the liner would call at the port on
her way to New York, and Madeira would
be but the Mecca of another year, as it had
been the Nirvana of many a spring. His
friends called him the hardest-working
architect on Manhattan Island; he had al-
ways in his office two or three impecunious
young men, whose goal was the Beaux-
Arts, and whom he instructed variously in
drawing and French. He spent almost as
much time advising them about :heir de-
signs as he did on his own ideas, and did
not lose sight of them even when they had
left him and gone to Paris. He always
spent the summer in his office; week-end
parties along the Sound welcomed him and
his wife for their good-fellowship and their
thousand whimsicalities. At several places
it was probable that some one would speak
of Madeira ; the mention of the island would
induce no incriminating comment from
either Jim Havens or his wife.

  “Oh, yes. We’ve been there. A beau-
tiful spot.”

  No more than that. Only a few of their
intimates bad certain knowledge that every
spring for the last ten years they had gone
to the island and seen the flowers freshen in
the ocean-softened air, and heard through
the smooth night the theme of old and pure
romance—the vagrant thrumming of a
guitar, the lilt of a murmured song, the
light laugh from a balcony veiled in rose
and bougainvillea. Keenly analytical in
most of the relations of life, Havens took
Madeira for granted, just as in his child-
hood he had accepted fairy-tales, and later

                                     359
The Stuff That Dreams Are Made On

stories of buried treasure. His feeling for
the island was vital to him, and yet so deli-
cate a thing that he never spoke of it.
Clients found him an eminently practical
architect, who never attempted to sho'e-hom
a fifteen foot load of hay through a highly
ornamental stable door twelve feet high;
contractors were unable to circumvent him
or to put him off with excuses. Acquaint-
ances of his collegc days from whom he had
grown apart wondered at the change the
world had wrought in him; his friends
marvelled that he had never changed. He
had only put on a surface for the daws to
peck at; a shell for the soul behind his eyes.

 Jim Havens and Mrs. Jim had dis-
covered Madeira on their wedding-trip;
they had meant to stop over one steamer,
and had stayed on for two months. Three
years later, when their child had died, he
had taken her back to the island and they
had spent the spring there. After that, at
first every two or three years and then
more frequently, they had returned to the
island, and had found new beauties in it
at every visit. The quarantine boat had
never quite cleared the ship’s gangway be-
fore Manoel, dressed in fresh while dunga-
rees to do honor to their arrival—Manoel,
with the sinewy throat and the huge gold
rings in his ears, appeared on deck lo
take entire charge of them and their effects.
“1 kiss your hands, senhora,” he would
say, and did it forthwith, while Cooks and
C look esses stood about them, vocal in the
ribaldry of raw surprise. Long since the
Havenses had forsworn Madeiran hotels;
Manoel had an aunt who owned two teeth,
a passion for cleanliness, and a reverential
affection for the senhor and the senhora.

  “But next year,” she was used to say as
she served them on the first evening, "next
year the senhor and the senhora will have
their own house on the cliff?”

 “Who knows?” Havens always an-
swered. “Next year is—next year, Anita.”
Anita usually vanished at that, and re-
turned presently with an old, old bottle,
wherein lay such nectar as Ganymede was
wont to put aside for his own consumption
when Jove wasn’t looking.

“What vintage this lime, Anita?”
“Sixty-three, if the senhor pleases.”
The senhor always did please, and the
senhora also, to the extent of one glass
sipped slowly. More would have been a

desecration. They paid for these things
in the bill, or Anita thought they did. She
charged them the equivalent of two dollars
a day, and lived for the rest of the year on
the proceeds of their visit.

  They were never without occupation in
Madeira. Sometimes they sailed with Ma-
nocl when he went fishing, sometimes
they took his boat for the whole day, and
visited the little villages that melt into the
flowery shores of unknown coves, or cruised
to the furrowed cliffs of Las Desertas—
“Vo man knows what is on top of them,
senhor.” Thence they would come back
in the level sunlight, and sail under the
stern of some newly arrived vessel to sec
what her name was, while the passengers
looked down upon them in the inquisitive
and superior manner that is characteristic
of passengers, and so through the high surf,
where half-naked boys caught the boat by
the gunwales and rushed it up the beach on
the crest of a roller.

  “ And to-morrow?” Manoel alwaysasked

  •• We shall not want the boat to-morrow.”

  “The mules, perhaps?”

  “Not to-morrow.”

  From the wharves they would wander in-
land through the clean, pebbled streets to
their dinner of soup with sweet peppers,
baked fish, and a Spanish omelet of the
finest, lopped off with a glass of the sixty-
three. Thereafter, they sat among the roses
on the balcony, or strolled into the Botan-
ical Gardens and watched the popula-
tion of Funchal parade in the half-light un-
der the palms and rhododendrons. Here
Mrs. Havens kept calling Jim’s attention
to this and that and the other person—to a
slim dandy with a malacca canc, to the play
of long-lashed eyes between a mantilla and
a fan. Every night is a festa to your right
Madeiran, a time for the making of love
and the superficial bruising of hearts, and
every new senhorita the loveliest of the year.
The Havenses watched it all, and some-
times, when the moon was large, summoned
Jose and the mules and rode out to their
point to see how it looked when every rock
was tarnished silver.

  On certain—or rather uncertain—morn-
ings, Jose came for them before the sun
was up, and they drank their morning
coffee to the jingle of shaken head-stalls
and the stamp of impatient little hoofs in
the street below.
The Stuff That Dreams Are Made On

  “We shall begone three days, senhor?”

  “Yes, Jose. The kit is packed, and the
food?” '

  “In the alforjas, senhor—as you di
rected.”

  In proof he always lifted a corner of a
tarpaulin, while Havens glanced beneath
it. There was no need for closer inspec-
tion; Manoel, the father of Jose, never for
got any necessary thing. They would jog
inland, past the vines and villas that the
tourist knows, and up the long ravine that
he looks down upon from the hotel on the
heights. Even the children seemed pret-
tier on the mountain farms and vineyards;
the griminess of them was less evident—no
more than a contrast to their red cheeks.
There were woods also, and mountains to
he clambered over, and at night a grove of
live oaks by a stream in which to sling their
hammocks. Their excursion over, they
would return to Funchal, a little torn, on
Havens’s part a little unshaven, but not in
the least bored or Wear}' of the island.

  They never had enough time to do all
they wanted to do. Almost every day some
hour would find them on the point which,
in defiance of the Portuguese Admiralty,
they had christened simply “Havens,” and
they could never decide which of its many
aspects they liked the best. Days there
were when the woolly sea fog glistened upon
the rocks, dripped from the leaves, and
shut them into a world twenty feet in diam-
eter; other days when it hung low over
the bay, and the sun touched the billows
of it with fairy argent, and the topmasts
of ships pricked through it like the lances of
a giant cavalry. There were days when
the seas pounded at the foot of the cliffs,
when the spindrift bit like hail, and the
orange-trees leaned before the storm. More
often the ocean stretched calm to the hori-
zon in a tinted harmony of blues and grays
and greens. The nights were as various as
the days—now intensely and caressingly
dark, now cameo-cut in contrast of silver
and sable shadows. There were dawns also,
and sunsets.

  The house which they meant to build had
ihanged its shape with a protean whimsy
in the first years, but of late it had taken
on a permanent form, and only details were
altered. It never grew much larger than
they had at first conceived it, however,
but remained a miniature—small and per-

fect. Six or eight weeks out of the fifty-
two were all they could spend in Madeira,
but those weeks restored Havens as nothing
else could have done, and sent him bac k to
his office a new man. Six or eight weeks’
vacation—it was none too much for Jimmy
Havens, said those who knew him. They
wondered how a man of his physique
got along with so little and did so much.
They wondered also why he took it in the
spring, and whether lie always went to
Madeira. Many accused him of a peri-
odical and uncontrollable liking for ccr
tain vintages, and of very great selfishness
in keeping them all to himself; for all their
exploratory badinage, they got nothing save
a conclusive repartee.

  Coombe. however, got a little more, lie
came one raw March day into Havens’s
inner draugluing-room, and found Havens
busy on the plans for a house.

  “ Hello, Nelson,” said the architect, look-
ing up for a moment from the drawing-
table. “Want a house or a cigarette?”

  Coombe chose a cigarette, and busied
himself with examining the elevations and
floor plans upon which Havens was work-
ing.

   “ I want a house,” lie said at length, lean-
ing on his elbows over a finished drawing.
“Why are all these measurements in mi-
tres ?”

  “I asked you if you wanted a house or
a cigarette,” answered Haven, sketching
in the bowl of a fountain; “ vou can't have
both.” He sat back, cocked an eye at the
drawing, and added, “Pig.”

  Coombe came around the (able and
looked over Havens’s shoulder.

  “More than that,” he said, “ I want this
house.”

  “You can't have it,” responded Havens.

  “ What multimillionaire has monopolizer 1
it?”

  “A fellow called Havens,” said the other,
“and he isn't even an unprefixed million
aire.”

  “So that’s it?" commented Coombe.
“Madeira, 1 suppose? It looks as if it
belonged on a rugged coast. That’s the
reason 1 wanted it—Maine, you know.
Tell me about it.”

  “You've been to Madeira, Nelson?"
Coombe nodded. “Then you must re-
member the long, high point on the eastern
side of Funchal Bay. That’s where I’ve
The Stuff That Dreams Are Made On

bought land. The open side of the pa-
tio"—he indicated the plan—“faces the
west.”

  Coombe leaned forward in interest ; Ha-
vens went over the sketches one by one with
the detail of an enthusiast.

  ‘•Helen insists on railing that a pergola.”
he concluded. “ What do you think of the
place?”

  “Helen’s right, as usual,” asserted
Coombe. He looked appreciatively at the
outline of the patio. “Spanish, rather—
concrete and red tiles. As good a house
as you’ve ever designed. How appropri-
ate that you have to build the cellar first,
even in Madeira!”

  “It is the most important part. 1 knew
that you would come and visit me, you
see.”

  “Why did you select Madeira?”

  Havens laid aside his pencil, clasped his
hands over one knee, and leaned back
against the pull of them, looking out over
the roofs of the lower office buildings to-
ward the Hudson, just visible in the dis-
tance.

  "There are many poets,” he said slowly,
“and somewhere in their poems you find
the reasons for most things—this among
others:

   ‘ Clod gave all men all earth to love,

       But, since man's heart is small,

    Ordained for each one spot should prove
       Beloved over all.’

Madeira attracted me first because it was
an island; the name meant romance to me
even when I was a small kid, though I
didn’t call it romance in those days. Then
Helen and 1 went there on our wedding-
trip, and found that it was beautiful; a few
years later we found it was more than that
—consolatory, and—and soothing. Ships
call there, too, on their way to all the im-
probable ports in the world, and you get
to know them, and hail them as old friends.
It’s an improbable place, is Madeira; just
as Venice is. It seems to be the only piace
where 1 can really rest and get acquainted
with myself after a year in New York. I
can't explain my feeling for it very well;
it’s more as if the island was a person I
was very fond of. Do you see?”

  “I see,” said Coombe, after a few min-
utes. “No wonder you wouldn’t duplicate
the house. When will it be done?”

  “A year from now. We’re sailing this
week to get things started.”

  “There it is,” said Mrs. Havens a year
later, handing the binoculars to Jimmy.

  “Yes,” he said, not taking them, “there
it is.”

  Manoel look charge of them as usual,
only, instead of going to his aunt’s they
took a carriage out along the upland road
to “Havens.” Manoel had seen to every-
thing; old Anita cooked and served their
dinner that evening.

  “There is a cook,” she said haughtily, as
she brought coffee to them in the patio,
“but I wished everything to be well to-night.
Is everything well, senhora?”

  “Quite well, Anita,” answered Mrs.
Havens.

  Manoel came later, cat-footed through
the dark, and to him also they said, “Every-
thing is well.”

  “Good night, senhora and senhor.”
  “Good night, Manoel.”

  He vanished into the house, and the low-
ered hum of his voice and Anita’s came to
them from somewhere in the rear.

  “Last year,” said Havens, throwing
away his cigar, “they would have sat here
and told us the gossip: the latest cure of
that old witch Maria, and who had had chil-
dren, and who had married whom.”

  “They don't want to intrude on the first
night,” said Mrs. Havens.

  But they did not bring their budget
of island news on the next night, or on
any following night. Once, when Havens
made Manoel sit on the parapet and talk
to them, the Portuguese was so evidently
uncomfortable and so stiltedly communi-
cative that Havens took pity on him and
let him go. It was the same, though to a
less degree, in Manoel’s boat, and even the
mercurial Jose stood at a low temperature
on the inland excursions. They were land-
owners now, and guests no longer. The
old intimacy of their humble friends gave
place to a certain aloofness; the men
bowed to them with bent shoulders, and
not standing upright as heretofore, and the
women swept a lower courtesy. They en-
joyed their excursions as much, or nearly
as much, as formerly, but their property
had brought them an undesired standing
in the community; there was a shadow be-
tween the old life and the new one. The
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

363

gossamer of their dreams had given way to
the coarser thread of reality.

  ‘‘It’s a jewel of a spot,” mused Havens,
“but-”

  “But what?” asked his wife.

  “Damn,” said he.

  “Exactly,” said she, reflecting his smile.

 One morning Manoel brought them a
wireless message; Coombe would arrive
that afternoon. A year ago even Coombe
would have been almost an intruder; now
his imminent arrival made them eager.
They went out to the steamer for him in
Manoel’s boat; during the drive out to “Ha-
vens ’ ’ they kept stopping the carriage to show
him a typical view, or to point out a charac-
teristic group of Madeirans in the vineyards.
Somehow his coming had in some degree
revived their old childish delight.

  Anita, who firmly believed that she alone
of all the islanders knew what things tick-
led the palate, had come voluntarily to
“Havens,” and had for the second time
ousted the regular cook; she outdid Sav-
arin that evening. After dinner the three
of them .sat in the pergola—even Havens
called it that now—and breathed inthefused
odors of the night, and watched the lights
in the harbor below, and luxuriated in the
sensation that there was nothing to do in
the morning. Coombe rose as the coal of
his cigar burned near his lips, and leaned
on the broad parapet.

  “I don’t wonder at y<>u at all,” he said;
“ I don’t wonder.”

  “All the same,” said Havens, “if you
still want a house like this on Seguin
Island, I’ll build you one.”

MY FIRST YEARS AS A
FRENCHWOMAN

BY MARY KING WADDINGTON

III—M. WADDINGTON AS PRIME MINISTER

1879

Illustrations from photogkai-hs and drawings

HERE had been a respite, a
sort of armed truce in po-
litical circles as long as the
Exposition lasted, but when
the Chambers met again in
November, it was evident
that things were not going smoothly. The
Republicans and Radicals were dissatis-
fied. Every day there were speeches and
insinuations against the marshal and his
government, and one felt that a crisis was
impending. There were not loaves and
fishes enough for the whole Radical parly.
If one listened to them it would seem as if
every piefet and every general were con-
spiring against the Republic. There were
long consultations in W.’s* cabinet, and I
went often to our house in the rue Bu-
mont-d’Urville to see if everything was in

  ’ W., here and throughout these articles, refers to Mme.
Waddington’s husband, M. William Waddington.

order there, as I quite expected to be back
there for Christmas. A climax was reached
when the marshal was asked to sign the
deposition of some of the generals. He ab-
solutely refused—the ministers persisted
in their demands. There was not much
discussion, the marshal’s mind was made
up, and on the 30th of January, 1879, he
announced in theConseil des Ministreshis
irrevocable decision, and handed his min-
isters his letter of resignation. We had a
melancholy breakfast—W., Count de P.,
and I—the last day of the marshal’s presi-
dency. W. was very blue, was quite sure
the marshal would resign, and foresaw all
sorts of complications both at home and
abroad. The day was gloomy too, gray
and cold, even the big rooms of the min-
istry were dark. As soon as they had
started for Versailles, I took baby and
went to mother’s. As I went over the
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

bridge I wondered how many more times
I would cross it, and whether the end of
the week would see me settled again in
my own house. We drove about and had
tea together, and I got back to the Quai
d’Orsay about six o'clock. Neither W.
nor Count de P. had got back from Ver-
sailles, but there were two telegrams.—
the first one to say that the marshal had
resigned, the second one that Grevy was
named in his place, with a large majority.

  W. was rather depressed when he came
home,—he had always a great sympathy
and respect for the marshal, and was very,
very sorry to see him go,—thought his de-
parture would complicate foreign affairs.
As long as the marshal was at the Elysee,
foreign governments were not afraid of
coups d’etat or revolutions. He was also
sorry that Dufaure would not remain, but
he was an old man, had had enough of
political life and party struggles—left the
field to younger men. The marshal’s let-
ter was communicated at once to the Par-
liament, and the houses met in the after-
noon. There was a short session to hear
the marshal’s letter read (by Grevy in the
Chamber of Deputies) and the two houses,
Senate and Chamber of Deputies, were
convoked for a later hour of the same
afternoon. There was not much excite-
ment, two or three names were pro-
nounced, but every one felt sure that
Grevy would be the man. He was nom-
inated by a large majority, and the Re-
publicans were jubilant—thought the Re-
public was at last established on a firm
and proper basis. Grevy was perfectly
calm and self-possessed—did not show
much enthusiasm. He must have felt
quite sure from the first moment that he
would be named. His first visitor was
the marshal, who wished him all possible
success in his new mission, and, if Grevy
was pleased to be the President of the Re-
public, the marshal was even more pleased
not to be. and to take up his private life
again. There were many speculations as
to who would be charged by Grevy to
form his first cabinet—and almost perma-
nent meetings in all the groups of the Left.
W.’s friends all said he would certainly
remain at the Foreign Office, but that de-
pended naturally upon the choice of the
premier. If he were taken from the more
advanced ranks of the Left, W. could not

possibly stay. We were not long in sus-
pense. W. had one or two interviews
with Grevy, which resulted in his remain-
ing at the Foreign Office, but as prime min-
ister. W. hesitated at first, felt that it
would not be an easy task to keep all
those very conflicting elements together.
There were four Protestants in the minis-
try, W., Leon Say. de Freycinet. and Le
Royer. Jules Ferry, who took the Minis-
try of Public Instruction, a very clever
man, was practically a freethinker, and the
Parliament was decidedly more advanced.
The last elections had given a strong Re-
publican majority to the Senate. He
consulted with his brother, Richard Wad-
dington, then a deputy, now a senator,
president of the Chamber of Commerce
of Rouen, and some of his friends, and
finally decided to accept the A ery honor-
able but very onerous position, and re-
mained at the Foreign Affairs with Grevy,
as prime minister. If I had seen little of
him before, I saw nothing of him now.
as his work was exactly doubled. We did
breakfast together, but it was a most
irregular meal—sometimes at twelve
o'clock, sometimes at one-thirty, and very
rarely alone. We always dined out or
had people dining with us, so that family
life became a dream of the past. We
very rarely went together when we dined
out. W. was always late,—his coupe
waited hours in the court. I had my car-
riage and went alone. After eight or ten
days of irregular meals at impossible
hours (we often dined at nine-thirty) I
said to Count de P., W.’s chef de cabinet:
‘‘Can't you arrange to have business over
a little earlier? It is awful to dine so late
and to wait so long,” to which he replied:
“Ah, Madame, no one can be more desir-
ous than I to change that order of things,
for when the minister dines at nine-thirty,
the chef de cabinet gets his dinner at ten-
thirty.” We did manage to get rather
more satisfactory hours after a lit tie while,
but it was always difficult to extract W.
from his work if it were anything impor-
tant. He became absorbed, and abso-
lutely unconscious of time.

  The new President, Grevy, installed
himself at once at the Elysee with his wife
and daughter. There was much specu-
lation about Madame Grevy,—no one
had ever seen her—she was absolutely
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

365

unknown. When Grevy was president
of the National Assembly, he gave very
pleasant men’s dinners, when Madame
Grevy never appeared. Every one (of all
opinions) was delighted to go to him, and
the talk was most brilliant and interest-
ing. Grevy was a •
perfect host, very
cultivated, with a
marvellous mem-
ory—quoting pages
of the classics,

French, and Latin.

 Madame Grevy
was always spoken
of as a quiet, un-
pretending person
—occupied with
domestic duties,
who hated society
and never went
anywhere—in fact,
no one ever heard
her name men-
tioned. A great
many people didn’t
know that Grevy
had a wife. When
her husband be-
came President of
the Republic, there
was much discus-
sion as to Madame Grevy’s social status
in the official world. I don’t think Grevy
wanted her to appear nor to take any' part
in the new life, and she certainly didn’t
want to. Nothing in her former life had
prepared her for such a change, and it was
always an effort for her, but both were
overruled by their friends, who though: a
woman was a necessary part of the posi-
tion. It was some little time before they
were settled at the Elysee. W. asked
Grevy once or twice when Madame Wad-
dington might call upon his wife—and he
answered that as soon as they were quite
installed I would receive a notice. One
day a communication arrived from the
Elysee, saying that Madame Grevy would
receive the Diplomatic Corps and the
ministers’ waves on a fixed day at five
o'clock. The message was sent on to
the Diplomatic Corps, and when I arrived
on the appointed day (early, as I want-
ed to see the people come in, and also
thought I must present the foreign ladies)

there were already several carriages in the
court.

  The Elysee looked just as it did in
the marshal's time—plenty of servants in
gala liveries—two or three huissiers who
knew everybody—palms, flowers, every-
where. The tradi-
tions of the palace
are carried on from
one President to an-
other, and a perma-
nent staff of serv-
ants remains. We
found Madame
Grevy with her
daughter and one
or two ladies, wives
I suppose of the
secretaries, seated
in the well-known
drawing-room with
the beautiful tap-
estries—M ad am e
Grevy in a large
gold armchair at
the end of the room
—a row of gilt arm-
chairs on each side
of hers—Mademoi-
selle standing be-
hind her mother. A
huissier announced
every one distinctly, but the names and
titles said nothing to Madame Grevy.
She was tall, middle-aged, handsomely
dressed, and visibly nervous—made a
great many gestures when she talked. It
was amusing to see all the people arrive.
I had nothing to do—there were no intro-
ductions—every one was announced, and
they all walked straight up to Madame
Grevy, who was very polite, got up for
every one, men and women. It was rather
an imposing circle that gathered around
her—Princess Hohenlohe, German am-
bassadress, sat on one side of her—Mar-
quise Molins, Spanish ambassadress, on
the other. There were not many men,—
Lord Lyons, as “doyen” of the Diplo-
matic Corps, the Nuncio, and a good many
representatives of the South American
Republics. Madame Grevy was perfectly
bewildered, did try to talk to the ladies
next to her, but it was an intimidating
function for any one, and she had no one
to help her, as they were all quite new' to

Jules Fcrrv.
366

My First Years as a Frenchwoman

the work. It was obviously an immense
relief to her when some lady of the official
world came in whom she had known be-
fore. The two ladies plunged at once into
a very animated conversation about their
children, husbands, and various domestic
matters—a perfectly natural conversation,
but not interesting to the foreign ladies.

  We didn’t make a very long visit—it
was merely a matter of form. Lord Ly-
ons came out with me, and we had quite
a talk while I was waiting for my car-
riage in the anteroom. He was so sen-
sible always in his intercourse with the
official world, quite realized that the po-
sition was difficult and trying for Madame
Grevy,—it would have been for any one
thrown at once without any preparation
into such perfectly different surroundings.
He had a certain experience of republics
and republican manners, as he had been
some years in Washington as British min-
ister, and had often seen wives of Ameri-
can statesmen and ministers, fresh from
the far West, beginning their career in
Washington, quite bewildered by the
novelty of everything and utterly igno-
rant of all questions of etiquette—only lie
said the American women were far more
adaptable than either French or English
—or than any others in the world, in fact.
He also said that day, and I have heard
him repeat it once or twice since, that
lie had never met a stupid American
woman. . . .

  I have always thought it was unneces-
sary to insist upon Madame Grevy’s pres-
ence at the Elysee It is very difficult
for any woman, no longer very young, to
begin an entirely new life in a perfectly
different “ milieu,” and certainly more dif-
ficult for a Frenchwoman of the bourgeoisie
than any other. They live in such a nar-
row circle, their lives are so cramped and
uninteresting—they know so little of so-
ciety and foreign ways and manners, that
they must be often uncomfortable and
make mistakes. It is very different for a
man. All the small questions of dress and
manners, etc., don’t exist for them. One
man in a dress coat and white cravat looks
very like another, and men of all con-
ditions are polite to a lady. When a man
is intelligent, no one notices whether his
coat and waistcoat are too wide or too
short and whether his bools are clumsy.

  Madame Grevy never looked happy at
the Elysee. They had a big dinner every
Thursday, with a reception afterward,
and she looked so tired when she was sit-
ting 011 the sofa, in the diplomatic salon,
making conversation for the foreigners
and people of all kinds who came to their
receptions, rhat one felt really sorry for
her. Grevy was always a striking per-
sonality. He had a fine head, a quiet, dig-
nified manner, and looked very well when
he stood at the door receiving his guests.
I don't think he cared very much about
foreign affairs—he was essentially French
—had never lived abroad nor known any
foreigners. He was too intelligent not to
understand that a country must have for-
eign relations, and that France must take
her place again as a great power, but home
politics interested him much more than
anything else. He was a charming talker
—every one wanted to talk to him, or
rather to listen to him. The evenings were
pleasant enough in the diplomatic salon.
It was interesting to see the attitude of the
different diplomatists. All were correct,
but most of them were visibly antago-
nistic to the Republic and the Republi-
cans (which they considered much “ac-
centuee” since the nomination of Grevy)
the women rather more so than the men.
One felt, if one didn’t liear^ the criticisms
011 the dress, deportment, and general
style of the Republican ladies.

  We saw a great many English at the
Quai d’Orsay. Queen Victcria stayed
one or two nights at the British Embassy,
passing through Paris 011 her way south.
She sent for W., who had never seen her
since his undergraduate days at Cam-
bridge. He found her quite charming,
very easy, interested in everything. She
began the conversation in French (he
was announced with all due ceremony as
Monsieur le Ministre des Affaires Etran
geres) and W. said she spoke it remark-
ably well,—then, with her beautiful smile
which lightened up her whole face: “I
think I can speak English with a Cam-
bridge scholar.” She was much inter-
ested in his beginnings in England at
Rugby and Cambridge—and was evi-
dently astonished, though she had too
much tact to show it, that he had chosen
to make his life and career in France in-
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

stead of accepting the proposition made	French minister—everything about him

to him by his cousir. Waddington, then	was so absolutely English, figure, color-

Uean of Durham, to remain in England	ing, and speech.

anc continue his classic and literary	Many old school and college experi-

studies under his guidance. When the in-	ences were evoked that year by the vari-

Jules Gr£vy. reading Marshal MacMahon's letter of resignation to the
Chamber of Deputies.

terview was over he found the Queen’s
fai.liful Scotch retainer, John Brown,
who always accompanied her everywhere,
waiting outside the door, evidently hop-
ing to see the minister. He spoke a few
words with him, as a countryman,—W.
being half Scotch—his mother was born
Chisholm. They shook hands and John
Brown begged him to come to Scotland,
where he would receive a hearty wel-
come. W. was very pleased with his recep-
tion by the Queen. Lord Lyons told him
afterward that she had been very anxious
to see him; she told him later, in speaking
of the interview, that it was very difficult
to realize that she was speaking to a
Vol. LV.—38

ous English who passed through Paris.
One night at a big dinner itl llic British
Embassy I was sitting next to the Prince
of Wales (late King Edward). He said
to me: “ There is an old friend of your hus-
band's here to-night, who will be so glad to
see him again. They haven't met since
he was his fag at Rugby.” After dinner
he was introduced to me—Admiral Glynn
—a charming man, said his last recollec-
tion of W. was making his toast for him
and getting a good cuff when the toast fell
into the fire and got burnt. The two
men talked together for some time in the
smoking-room, recalling all sorts of school-
boy exploits. Another school friend was
SOS

My First Years as a Frenchwoman

Sir Francis Adams, first secretary and
“counsellor” at the British Embassy.
When the ambassador took his holiday,
Adams replaced him, and had the rank
and title of minister plenipotentiary. He
came every Wednesday, the diplomatic
reception day, to the Quai d’Orsay to
talk business. As long as a secretary or
a huissier was in the room, they spoke
to each other most correctly in French;
as soon as they were alone, relapsed into
easy and colloquial English. We were
very fond of Adams—saw a great deal of
him not only in Paris, but when we first
lived in London at the Embassy. He died
suddenly in Switzerland, and W. missed
him very much. He was very intelligent,
a keen observer, had been all over the
world, and his knowledge and appreciation
of foreign countries and ways was often
very useful to W.

  All the autumn of ’79 was very agi-
tated. We were obliged to curtail our stay
at Bourneville, our country home. Even
though the Chambers were not sitting,
every description of political intrigue was
going on. Every day W. had an immense
“courrier" and every second day a secre-
tary came down from the Quai d'Orsay with
despatches and papers to sign. Telegrams
came all day long. W. had one or two
shooting-breakfasts and the .long tramps
in the woods rested him. The guests were
generally the notabilities of the small
towns and villages of his circumscription,
—mayors, farmers, and small landown-
ers. They all talked politics and W. was
surprised to see how in this quiet agricul-
tural district the fever of democracy had
mounted. Usually the well-to-do farmer
is very conservative, looks askance at the
very advanced opinions of the young rad-
icals, but a complete change had come
over them. They seemed to think the
Republic, founded at last upon a solid
basis, supported by honest Republicans,
would bring untold prosperity not only to
the country, but to each individual, and
many very modest, unpretending citizens
of the small towns saw themselves “con-
seilleurs generaux,” deputies, perhaps
even ministers. It was a curious change.
However, 011 the whole, the people in our
part of the world were reasonable. I was
sorry to go back to town. I liked the last

beautiful days of September in the coun-
try. The trees were just beginning to
turn, and the rides in the woods were de-
lightful, the roads so soft and springy.
The horses seemed to like the brisk canter
as much as we did. We disturbed all the
forest life as we galloped along—hares and
rabbits scuttled away—we saw their white
tails disappearing into holes, and when we
crossed a bit of plain, partridges a long
distance off would rise and take their
crooked flight across the fields. It was so
still, always is in the w-oods, that the
horses’ feet could be heard a long way
off. It was getting colder (all the coun-
try folk predicted a very cold winter) and
the wood lire looked very cheerful and
comfortable in my little salon when we
came in.

  However, everything must end, and W.
had to go back to the fight, which promised
to be lively. In Paris we found people
wearing furs and preparing for a cold win-
ter. The house of the Quai d’Orsay was
comfortable, well-warmed, “caloriferes”
and big fires in all the rooms, and whenever
there was any sun it poured into the rooms
from the garden. I didn't take up my of-
ficial afternoon receptions. The session
had not begun, and, as it seemed extremely
unlikely that the coming year would see us
still at the Quai d’Orsay, it was not worth
while to embark upon that dreary func-
tion. 1 was at home every afternoon after
five—had tea in my little blue salon, and
always had two or three people to keep
me company. Prince Hohenlohe came
often, settled himself in an armchair with
his cup of tea, and talked easily and
charmingly about everything. He was
just back from Germany and reported
Bismarck and the Emperor (I should have
said, perhaps, the Emperor and Bismarck)
as rather worried over the rapid strides
France was making in radicalism. He
reassured them, told them Grevy was es-
sentially a man of peace, and, as long as
moderate men like W., Leon Say, and
their friends remained in office, things
would go quietly. “Yes, if they remain.
I have an idea we sha’n't stay much
longer, and report says Freycinet will be
the next premier.” He evidently had
heard the same report, and spoke warmly
of Freycinet,—intelligent, energetic, and
such a precise mind. If W. were obliged
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

to resign, which he personally would re-	Chambers continued to sit at Versailles,

gret, he thought Freycinet was the com-	he would be obliged to establish him-

ing man—unless Gambetta wanted to he	self there, which he didn’t want to do.

premier. He didn’t think he did, was	Many people were very unwilling to make

not quite ready yet, but his hand might be	the change, were honestly nervous about

    1 ■ i• L'llluHration, 1-cbiu.try tJ. »©/•>

M Jule:* Grevy elected Proidcnl «if the Rcnublic by the Senate and Chainbci <>( Deputies meeting as the

National Assembly

forced by his friends, and of course if he
wanted it, he would be the next president
du conseil. He also told me a great many
things that Blowitz had said to him—he
had a great opinion of him—said he was
so marvellously well-informed of all that
was going on. The Nuncio, Mgr. Czaski,
came too sometimes at tea-time. He was
a charming talker, but I always felt as if
he were saying exactly what he meant to
and what he wanted me to repeat to W.
I am never quite sure with Italians. There
is always a certain reticence under their
extremely natural, rather exuberant man-
ner. Mgr. Czaski was not an Italian by
birth—a Pole, but I don’t know that they
inspire much more confidence.

  The question of the return of the Par-
liament to Paris had at last been solved
after endless discussions. All the Re-
publicans were in favor of it, and they were
masters of the situation. The President,
Grevy, too wanted it very much. If the

possible disturbances in the streets, and,
though they grumbled too at the loss of
time, the draughty carriages of the par-
liamentary train, etc., they still preferred
those discomforts to any possibility of
rioting and street fights, and the inva-
sion of the Chamber of Deputies by a Paris
mob. W. was very anxious for the change.

  He didn’t in the least anticipate any
trouble—his principal reason for wanting
the Parliament back was the loss of time,
and also to get rid of the conversations
in the train, which tired him very much.
He never could make himself heard with-
out an effort, as his voice was low, had
no “ timbre,” and he didn’t hear his neigh-
bors very well in the noise of the train. He
always arrived at the station at the last
minute, and got into the last carriage,
hoping to be undisturbed, and have a quiet
half-hour with his papers, but he was rare-
ly left alone. If any deputy who wanted
anything recognized him, he of course got
Mv First Years as a Frenchwoman

in the same carriage, because lie knew he
was sure of a half-hour to state his rase,
as the minister couldn't get away from
him. The Chambers met, after a short va-
cation in November, at last in Paris, and
already there were so many "interpel-
lations” announced on every possible sub-
ject, so many criticisms on the policy of
the cabinet, and so
many people want-
ing other people's
places, that the
session promised
to be very lively—
the Senate at the
Palais du Luxem-
bourg, the Depu-
ties at the Palais
Bourbon.

  The end of De-
cember was detest-
able. We were “ en
pleine crise" for
ten days. Every
day W. went to the
Chamber of Depu-
ties expecting to be
beaten, and every
evening came home
discouraged and
disgusted. The
Chamber was mak-
ing the position of
the ministers per-
fectly untenable—all sorts of violent and
useless propositions were discussed, and
there was an undercurrent of jealousy and
intrigue everywhere. One day, just be-
fore Christmas, about the 20th, W. and his
chef de cabinet, Comte de P., started for
the house, after breakfast,—W. expecting
to be beaten by a coalition vote of the ex-
treme Left, Bonapartists, and Legitimists.
It was insane policy on the part of the
two last, as they knew perfectly well they
wouldn't gain anything by upsetting the
actual cabinet. They would only gel an-
other one much more advanced and more
masterful. T suppose their idea was to
have a succession of radical inefficient
ministers, which in the end would dis-
gust the country and make a “savior,” a
prince (which one?) or general, possible.
How wise their reasoning was time has
shown! I wanted to go to the Chamber

t.> hear the debate, but W. didn't want
me. He would be obliged to speak, and
said it would worry him if I were in the
gallery listening to all the attacks made
upon him. (It is rather curious that I
never heard him speak in public, either in
the house or in the country, where he
often made political speeches, in election

times.) He was so
sure that the min-
istry would fall
that we had al-
ready begun clean-
ing and making
fires in our own
house, so on that
afternoon, as I
didn’t want to sit
at home waiting for
telegrams, I went
up to the house
with Henrietta.
The caretaker had
already told us that
the stock of wood
and coal was giv-
ing out, and she
couldn’t get any
more in the quar-
ter, and if .she
couldn’t make fires
the pipes would
burst—which was
a pleasant prospect
with the thermom-
eter at I don't remember how many de-
grees below zero. We found a fine clean-
ing going 0:1—doors and windows open
all over the house—and women scrubbing
stairs, floors, and windows, rather under
difficulties, with little fire and ittle water.
It looked perfectly dreary and comfortless
—not at all tempting. All the furniture
was piled up in the middle of the rooms,
and W.'s library was a curiosity. Books
and pamphlets accumulated rapidly with
us, as W. was a member of so many literary
societies of all kinds, and packages and
boxes of unopened books quite choked up
the room. H. and I tried to arrange things
a little, but it was hopeless that day, and.
besides, the house was bitterly cold. It
didn't feel as if a fire could make any im-
pression.

As we could do nothing there, we went
back to the ministry. No telegrams had

M. Ic Marquis de Moliu>. Ambassador to Spain.
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

371

come, but Kruft, our faithful and efficient
“chef du materiel,” was waiting for me
for last instructions about a Christmas
tree. Some days before I hud decided to
have a Christmas tree, about the end of
the month. W. ther. thought the minis-
try would last over the holidays, the
“treve des confiseurs," and was quite
willing I should
have a Christmas
party as a last en-
tertainment. He
had been too occu-
pied the last days
to think about any
such trifles, and
Kruft, not having
had any contrary
instructions, had
ordered the pres-
ents and decora-
tions. He was
rather depressed,
because W. had
told him that morn-
ing that we surely
wculdnot beat the
Quai d'Orsay on
the 29th, the day
we had chosen for
our party. How-
ever, I reassured
him, and told him
we would have the
Christmas tree all
the same, only at my house instead of the
ministry. We went to look at his presents,
which were all spread out on a big table in
one of the drawing-rooms. He really was
a wonderful man, never forgot anything,
and had remembered that at the last tree,
the year betore, one or two nurses had had
no presents, and several who had were not
pleased with what was given to them.
He had made a very good selection for
those ladies,—lace scarfs and“rabats”and
little “tours de cou” of fur,—really very
pretty. I believe they were satisfied this
time. The young men sent me up two tel-
egrams: “rien de nouveau,"—“ministere
debout.”

  W. came home late, very tired and much
disgusted with politics in general and his
party in particular. The cabinet still lived,
but merely to give Grevy time to make
another. W. had been to the Elysee and

had a long conversation with Grevy. He
found him very preoccupied, very unwill-
ing to make a change, and he again urged
W. very much to keep the Foreign Office,
if Freycinet should succeed in making a
ministry. That W. would not agree to—
he was sick of the whole thing. He told
Grevy he was quite right to send for Frey-
cinet -if any man
could save the situ-
ation lie could.
We had one or t wo
friends, political
men, to dinner,
and they discussed
the situation from
every point of
view, always end-
ing with the same
conclusion, that
W. was right to go.
Ilis policy wasn't
the policy of the
Chamber (I don't
sayof thecountry,
lor 1 think the
country knew lit-
tle and cared less
about what was
going on in Parlia-
ment), hardly the
policy of all his
own colleagues.
There was really
no use to continue
worrying himself to death and doing no
good. W. said his conversation with
Grevy was interesting, but he was much
more concerned with home politics and
the sweeping changes the Republicans
wanted to make in all the Administra-
tions than with foreign policy. He said
Europe was quiet and France’s first duty
was to establish herself firmly, which
would only be done by peace and pros-
perity at home. 1 told W. I had spent a
very cold and uncomfortable hour at the
house, and I was worried about the cold,
thought I might, perhaps, send the boy to
mother, but he had taken his precautions
and arranged with the minister of war to
have a certain amount of wood delivered
at the house. They always had reserves
of wood at the various ministries. W7e
had ours directly from our own woods in
the country, and it was en route, but a
372	My First Years as a Frenchwoman

flotilla of boats was frozen up in the Canal	W.’s presence at the Foreign Oflice during

de l'Ourcq, and it might be weeks before	the last year had been a help to the Re-

thc wood could be delivered.	public—said also he didn’t believe his re-

  We dined one night at the British Em-	tirement would last very long. It was

bassy, while all these pourparlers were go-	frightfully cold when we came out of the

t'rom .1	Ay Cha nr 11 tor. Dublin.

Her Majesty Queen Victoria, about 1879.

ing on, “ en petit comite,” all English. Lord
and Lady Reay, Lord Edmond Fitz-Mau-
rice, and one or two members of Parliament
whose names I have forgotten. Both Lord
and Lady Reay were very keen about
politics, knew France well, and were much
interested in the phase she was passing
through. Lord Lyons was charming, so
friendly and sensible, said he wasn’t sur-
prised at W.’s wanting to go—still hoped
this crisis would pass like so many others
he had seen in France; that certainly

Embassy—very few carriages out, all the
coachmen wrapped up in mufflers and fur
caps, and the Place de la Concorde a sea
of ice so slippery I thought we should
never get across and over the bridge. I
went to the Opera one night that week,
got there in an entr’acte, when people
were walking about and reading the pa-
pers. As I passed several groups of men,
I heard W.’s name mentioned, also that
of Leon Say and Freycinet, but just in
passing by quickly I could not hear any
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

comments. I fancy they were not fa-
vorable in that‘'milieu." It was very cold
in the house—almost all the women had
their cloaks on—and the coming out was
something awful, crossing that broad
“perron” in the fact of a biting wind.

end on the 26th of December, and the next
flay the papers announced that the min-
isters had given their resignation to the
President, who had accepted it and had
charged M. de Freycinet to forir a cabinet.
We dined with mother on Christmas day,

From a photograph by Lock «iW l'. 'hi(/ici,/, /.oitiiin.

His Ruy&l Highness, F.dward, Prince Wales, in 1S76.

  I began my packing seriously this time,
as W.’s mind was quite made up. lie
had thought the matter well over, and
had a final talk with Freycinet, who would
have liked to keep both W. and Leon Say,
but it wasn’t easy to manage t he new ele-
ment that Freycinet brought with him.
The new members were much more ad-
vanced in their opinions. W. couldn’t
have worked with them, and they cer-
tainly didn’t want to work with him.
The autumn session came to a turbulent

a family party, with the addition of Comte
de I’, and one or two stray Americans who
were at hotels and were of course delighted
not to dine on Christmas day at a “ table
d'hote ” or cafe. W. was rather tired; the
constant talking and seeing so many peo-
ple of all kinds was very fatiguing, for, as
long as his resignation was not official, an-
nounced in the Journal Officiel, he was still
minister of foreign affairs. One of the last
days, when they were hoping to come to an
agreement, he was obliged to come home
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

early to receive the mission from Mo-
rocco. I saw them arrive; they were a
fine set of men, tall, powerfully built, their
skin a red-brown, not black, entirely
dressed in white if rum turbans to sandals.
None of them spoke any French—all the
conversation took place through an inter-
preter. Notwithstanding our worries, we
had a very pleasant evening and W. was
very cheerful — looking forward to our
Italian trip with quite as much pleasure
as I did.

  W. made over the ministry to Freycinet
on Monday, the 28th, the "transmission
des pouvoirs." Freycinet was very nice
and friendly, regretted that he and W.
were no longer colleagues. He thought
his ministry was strong and was confident
he would manage the Chamber. W. told
him he could settle himself as soon as he
liked at the Quai d'Orsay, as we should go
at once, and would sleep at our house on
Wednesday night. Freycinet said Mine,
de Freycinet (whom I knew well and liked
very much) would come and see me 011
Wednesday, and would like to go over the
house with me. I was rather taken aback
when W. told me we must sleep in our
own house on Wednesday night. The
actual packing was not very troublesome,
as I had not brought many of my own
things from the rue Dumont-d’Urville.
There was scarcely a van-load of small
furniture and boxes, but the getting to-
gether of all the small things was a bore,—
books, “bibelots,” music, cards, and notes
(these in quantities, “lettres de condolc-
cuice,” which had to be carefully sorted as
they had all to be answered). The hotel
of the Quai d'Orsay was crowded with
people those last two days, all W.’s
friends coming to express their regrets at
his departure, some very sincerely sorry
to see him go, as his name and character
certainly inspired confidence abroad—and
some delighted that he was no longer a
member of such an advanced cabinet—
(some said “de cet infect gouverne-
ment”) when he was obliged by his mere
presence to sanction many things he didn’t
approve of. lie and Freycinet had a
long talk on Wednesday, as W. naturally
wanted to be sure that some provision
would be made for his chef de cabinet
and secretaries. Each incoming minister
brings his own staff with him. Freycinet
offered W. the London Embassy, but he

wouldn’t take it. had had enough of
public life for the present. 1 didn't want
it either, I had never lived much in Eng-
land, had not many friends there, and
was counting the days until we could get
off to Rome. There was one funny re-
sult of W. having declined the London
Embassy. Admiral Pothuau, whom W.
had named there, and who was very much
liked, came to see him one day and made
him a great scene because Freycinet had of-
fered him the London Embassy. W. said
he didn’t understand why he made him
a scene, as he had refused it. “ Hut it
should never have been offered to you over
my head." “ Perhaps, but that is not my
fault. I didn't ask for it—and don’t want
it. If you think you have been treated
badly, you should speak to Freycinet.”
However, the admiral was very much put
out, and was very cool with us both for a
long time. I suppose his idea was that be-
ing recalled would mean that he had not
done well in London, which was quite a
mistake, as he was very much liked there.

  We dined alone that last night at the
ministry, and sat some time in the window,
looking at the crowds of people amusing
themselves on the Seine, and wondering if
we would ever see the Quai d'Orsay again.
After all, we had had two very happy in-
teresting years there—and memories that
would last a lifetime. Some of the last
experiences of the month of December
had been rather disillusioning, but I sup-
pose one must not bring any sentiment
into politics. In the world it is always a
case of “donnant—donnant” and—when
one is no longer in a position to give a
great deal—people naturally turn to the
rising man. Comte de P., chef de ca-
binet, came in late as usual, to have a last
talk. He too had been busy, as he had a
small apartment and stables in the hotel
of the ministry, and was also very anxious
to get away. He told us all the young
men of the cabinet were very sorry to see
W. go—at first they had found him a little
cold and reserved—but a two years’ ex-
perience had shown them that, if he were
not expansive, he was perfectly just, and
always did what he said he would.

  The next day Madame de Freycinet
came to see me, and we went over the house.
She didn’t care about the living-rooms, as
they never lived at the Quai d'Orsay. re-
mained in their own hotel near the Bois de
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

Boulogne. Freycinet came every day to
the ministry, and she merely on reception
days—or when there was a party. Just
as she was going, Madame de Zuylen, wife
of the Dutch minister, a great friend of
mine, came in. She told me she had great
difficulty in getting up, as 1 had for-
bidden my door,
but my faithful
Gerard (I think
I missed him as
much as anything
else at first),
knowing we were
friends, thought
Madame would
like to see her.

She paid me quite
a long visit, — I
even gave her
some tea off gov-
ernment plate
and china,—all
mine had been al-
ready sent to my
own house. We
sat talking for
some time. She
had heard that
W. had refused
the London Em-
bassy, was afraid
it was a mistake,
and that the win-
ter in Paris would
be a difficult one
forhim—he would
certainly be inop-
position to the government on all sorts of
questions—and if he remained in Paris he
would naturally go to the Senate and
vote. I quite agreed that he couldn't
suddenly detach himself from all political
discussions, must take part in them and
must vote. The policy of abstention has
always seemed to me the weakest pos-
sible line in politics. If a man, for some
reason or another, hasn't the courage of
his opinions, he mustn’t take any po-
sition where that opinion would carry
weight. I told her we were going to It-
aly as soon as we could get off after the
holidays.

  While we were talking, a message came
up to say that the young men of the cab-
inet were all coming up to say good-by to
me. I had seen the directors earlier in the

day, so Madame de Zuylen took her leave,
promising to come to my Christmas tree
in the rue Dumont d’Urville. The young
men seemed sorry to say good-by—I was,
too. I had seen a great deal of them
and always found them ready and anx-
ious to help me in every way. The Comte

dcLasteyrie, who
was a great friend
of ours as well as
a secretary, went
about a great
deal with us. W.
called upon him
very often for all
sorts of things,
knowing he could
trust him abso-
lutely. He told
one of my friends
that one of his
principal func-
tions was to ac-
company Mine.
Waddington to
all the charity
sales, carrying a
package of wom-
en's chemises
under his arm.
It was quite
true that I oft-
en bought “poor
clothes" at the
sales. The ob-
jects exposed in
the way of screens,
pin-cushions, ta-
ble-covers, and, in the spring, hats made
by some of the ladies, were so appalling
that I was glad to have poor clothes to
fall back upon, but I don't remember his
ever carrying my purchases home with me.

  They were much amused when suddenly
Francis burst into the room, having es-
caped a moment from his “ Nonnon,” who
was busy with her last packing, his little
face flushed and quivering with anger be-
cause his toys had been packed and he
was to be taken away from the big house.
He kicked and screamed like a little mad
thing, until his nurse came to the rescue.

1 made a last turn in the rooms to see that
all trace of my occupation had vanished.
Francis, half pacified, was seated on the
billiard-table, an old gray-haired huissier,
who was always on duty up-stairs, taking

/

&

 John 1’rown, Queen Victoria's Scotch retainer.
376

My First Years as a Frenchwoman

care of him. The huissiers and house-
servants were all assembled in the hall,
and the old Pierson, who had been there
for years, was the spokesman, and hoped
respectfully that Madame “would soon
come back. . . .” W. didn’t come with
us, ;is he still had people to see and only
got home in time for a late dinner.

  We dined that night and for many
nights afterward with our uncle Lutte-
roth (who had a
charming hotel
filled with pic-
tures and “bibe-
lots" and pretty
things) just
across the street,
as it was some
little time before
our kitchen and
household got
into working or-
der again. The
first few days
were, of course,
very tiring and
uncomfortable—
the house seemed
so small after the
big rooms at the
Quai d'Orsay. I
didn't attempt
to do anything
with the salons,
as we were going
away so soon—
carpets and cur-
tains had to lie
arranged to keep

the cold out, but the big boxes remained in
the carriage-house—not unpacked. We
had a procession of visitors all day—and
tried to make W.’s library possible,—com-
fortable it wasn't, as there were packages
of books and papers and boxes everywhere.

  I had a good many visits and flowers
on New Year’s day which was an agree-
able surprise,—Lord Lyons, Orloff, the
Sibberns, Comte de Segur, M. Alfred An-
dre, and others. Andre, an old friend
of W.’s, a very conservative Protestant
banker, was very blue about affairs.
Andre was the type of the modern French
Protestant. They are almost a separate
class in Franee—are very earnest, religious,
honorable, narrow-minded people. They
give a great deal in charity and good works

of all kinds. In Paris the Protestant co-
terie is very rich. They associate with all
the Catholics, as many cf them entertain
a great deal, but they live among them-
selves and never intermarry. I hardly
know a case where a French Protestant
has married a Catholic. I suppose it is
a remnant of their old Huguenot blood, and
the memories of all their forefathers suf-
fered for their religion, which makes them so

          intolerant. The
          ambassadors had
          paid their usual
          official visit to
          the Elysee—said
          Grevy was very-
          smiling and ami-
          able, didn’t seem
          at all preoccu-
          pied. We h a d a
          family dinner at
          my uncle’s on
          New Year snight,
          and all the family
          with wonderful
          unanimity said
          the best wish
          they could make
          for W. was that
          1880 would see
          him out of poli-
          tics and leading
          an independent
          if less interesting
          life.

             An interesting
life it certainly
was, hearing so
many questions
discussed, seeing all sorts of people of all
nationalities and living as it were be-
hind the scenes. The Chamber of Dep-
uties in itself was a study, with its
astounding changes of opinion, with no ap-
parent cause. One never knew in the morn-
ing what the afternoon’s session would
bring, for. as soon as the Republican party
felt themselves firmly established, they be-
gan to quarrel among themselves. I went
back to the ministry one afternoon to pay
a formal visit to Mme. de Freycinet on her
reception day. I had rather put it off,
thinking that the sight of the well-known
rooms and faces would be disagreeable to
me and make me regret,perhaps, the past,
bu: I felt already that all that old life was
over—one adapts oneself so quickly to dif-

Prince Hulienlohe.

After tin- iMiiitni” l»y I*. J I. ts2l6.
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

    *

377

ferent surroundings. Tl did seem funny
to be announced by my own special liuis-
sier, Gerard, and to find myself sit tin." in
the green drawing-room with all the palms
and flowers arranged just as they always
were for me, and a semicircle of diplomats
saying exactly the same things to Mine,
de Freycinet
that they had
said to me a few
days before, but
I fancy that al-
ways happens in
these days of
democracy and
equalizing edu-
cation, and that,
unrler certain cir-
cumstances, we
all say and do ex-
actly the same
thing. I had
quite a talk with
Sibber 11, the
Swedish minis-
ter, who was
very friendly and
sympathetic, not
only at our leav-
ing the Foreign
Office, but at the
extreme discom-
fort of moving in
such frightfully
cold weather.

He was wrapped
in furs, as if he
were going to
the North Pole.

However, I assured him we were quite
warm and comfortable, gradually set-
tling down into our old ways, and I
was already looking back 011 my two
years at the Quai d'Orsay as an agreeable
episode in my life. I had quite a talk
too with the Portuguese minister, Men-
des Leal. He was an interesting man,
a poet and a dreamer, saw more, I fancy,
of the literary world of Paris than the
political. Blowitz was there, of course
was always everywhere in moments of
crisis, talking a great deal, and letting it
be understood that he had pulled a great
many wires all those last weeks. He too
regretted that W. had not taken the Lon-
don Embassy, assured me that it would
have been a very agreeable appointment

M. <!c Fi
After a phoio^-apli

in England—was surprised that I hadn’t
urged it. I replied that I had not been
consulted. Many people asked when they
could come and see me — would 1 take
up my reception day again ? That wasn’t
worth while, as 1 was going away so soon,
but I said I would be there every day at five

                         o'clock, and al-
                         ways had visits.

                     One day Ma-
dame Sadi Car-
not sat a long
1 i m e with me.
Her husband had
been named un-
der secretary at
the ministry of
Public Works in
the new cabinet,
and she was very
pleased. She
was a very charm-
ing, intelligent,
cultivated wom-
an—read a great
deal, was very
keen about poli-
tics and very am-
bitious (as every
clever woman
should be) for her
h u s b a n d a 11 d
sons. I think she
was a great help
socially to her
husband when he
became Pres-
ident of the Re-
public. He was
a grave, reserved man, didn't care very
much for society. I saw her very often
and always found her most attractive. At
the Elysee she was amiable and courteous
to everybody and her slight deafness
didn't seem to worry her nor make con-
versation difficult. She did such a charm-
ing womanly thing just after her hus-
band's assassination. He lay in state for
some days at the Elysee, and M. Casi-
mir-Perier, his successor, went :o make
her a visit. As he was leaving he said
his wife would come the next day to sec
Mme. Carnot. She instantly answered:
<-Pray do not el her come; she is young,
beginning her life here at the Elysee. 1
wouldn't for worlds that she should have
the impression of sadness and gloom that

rcycinct.

I»y M. N'atUui 1’JnS.
378

My First Years as a Frenchwoman

must hangover the Palace as long as the	wanted to put order into his papers be-

President is lying there. I should like her	fore he left. Freycinet made various

to come to the Elysee only when all traces	changes at the Quai d'Orsay. M. Des-

of this tragedy have gone—and to have no	prey, directeur de la politique (a post

he had occupied tor years) was named
ambassador to Rome in the place
of the Marquis de Gabriac. I don't
think he was very anxious to go.
His career had been made almost en-
tirely at the Foreign Office, and he
was much more at home in his cabinet,
with all his papers and books about
him, than he would be abroad among
strangers. He came to dinner one
night, and we talked the thing over.
W. thought the rest and change would
do him good. He was named to the
Vatican, where necessarily there was
much less to do in the way of social
life than at theQuirinal. He was per-
fectly “au couran;”of all the questions
between the Vatican and the French
clergy—his son, secretary of embassy,
would go with him. It seemed rather
a pleasant prospect.

   W. went onceor twice to the Senate,
as the houses met on the 12th or 14th
of January, but there was nothing
very interesting those first days. The
Chamber was taking breath after the
holidays and the last ministerial crisis
and giving the new ministry a chance.
I think Freycinet had his hands full,
but he was quite equal to the task. I
went late one afternoon to the Elysee.
I had written to Mmc. Grevy to ask if
she would receive me before I left for It-
aly. When I arrived, the one footman

                                            stairs. T went up a side staircase,
                                            rather dark, preceded by the footman,

PAoffljp-af/t, copyright by I'ifrrt Pttit. I'urix.

President Sadi Carnot.

at the door told me Mine. Grevy was
“ un peu souffrante,” would see me up-

sad associations—011 the contrary, with the
prospcct of a long happy future before her.’’

who ushered me into Mine. Grevy’s bed-
room. It looked perfectly uncomfort-
able—was large, with very high ceilings,
stiff gilt furniture standing against the
wall, and the heat something awful,—a
blazing fire in the chimney. Mme. Gre-
vy was sitting in an armchair, near the
fire, a gray shawl on her shoulders and
a lace fichu 011 her head. It was curi-
ously unlike the bedroom 1 had just
left. I had been to see a friend who was
also “souffrante.” She was lying under a
lace coverlet lined with pink silk, lace,
and embroidered cushions all around her,
flowers, pink lamp-shades, silver “flacons,”

 W. went the two or three Fridays we
were in Paris to the Institute, where he
was most warmly received by his col-
leagues, who had much regretted his en-
forced absences the years he was at the
Foreign Office. He told them he was go-
ing to Rome, where lie hoped still to
find some treasures, in the shape of “in-
scriptions inedites,” with the help of his
friend Lanciani. The days passed quick-
ly enough until we sta-ted. It was not
altogether a rest, as there were always
so many people at the house, and \V.
My First Years as a Frenchwoman

everything most luxurious ancl modern.
The contrast was striking. Mine. Grevy
was very civil, and talkative,—said she
was very tired. The big dinners and late
hours she found very fa-
tiguing. She quite under-
stood that I was glad to get
away, but didn’t think
it was very prudent to
travel in such bitterly cold
weather—and Rome was
very far,and wasn’t Iafraid
of fever? I told her I was
an old Roman—had lived
there for years, knew the
climate well and didn't
think it was worse than any
other. She said the Presi-
dent had had a visit from
W. and a very long talk
with him, and that he re-
gretted his departure very
much, but that he didn't
think “ Monsieur Wadding-
ton etait au fond de son
sac.” Grevy was always a
good friend to W.—on one
or two occasions, when
there was a sort of cabal
against him, Grevy took
his part very warmly—and
in all questions of home
policy and persons W. found
him a very keen,shrewd ob-
server—though he said very
little,—rarely expressed an
opinion. I didn't make a
very long visit—found my
way down-stairs as well as
I could—no servant was
visible either on the stairs
or in the hall, and my own
footman opened the big
doors and let me out.

   We got off the first days of February—as,
up to the last moment, W. had people to see.
We went for two or three days to Bourne-
ville—I had one or two very cold tramps in
the woods (very dry) which is quite un-
usual at this time of the year, but the
earth was frozen hard. Inside the woods
one was well sheltered, but when we came
out on the plain the cold and icy wind was
awful. The workmen had made fires to
burn the roots and rotten wood, and we
were very glad to stop and warm ourselves.
Some had their children with them, who

looked half-perished with cold, always in-
sufficiently clad, but they were quite hap-
py, roasting potatoes in the ashes. I was
so cold that 1 tied a woollen scarf around

Mine. Sadi Carnot
I nun a diftwliii! I»y Mile. Ann*lie Beour>'*Saurel.

my head, just as the women in Canada
do when they go sleighing or skating.

  We had a breakfast one day for some of
W.’s influential men in the country, who
werfemuch disgusted at the turn affairs had
taken and that W. could no longer remain
minister, but they were very fairly “au cou-
rant ” of all that was going on in Parliament,
and quite understood that for the moment
the moderate, experienced men had no
chance. The young Republic must have its
fling. Has the country learned much or
gained much in its forty years of Republic?
THE BRAVEST SON

By Mary Synon
Illustr a t i o n s i! y N. C . W v etit

RODNEY and the
li Country committee
ie Toronto Board of
e came to Haileybury
e same June day. The
littee’s special train
steamed in from Cobalt to the little sta-
tion on the hill ten minutes before Rod-
ney fell from the van of a freight that
had been scorched in two bush fires on its
way southward from the Porcupine gold
camps. In those minutes Haileybury had
welcomed its important visitors with a
fearful brass band, and started them on
a steamer chartered to keep them out on
the silver waters of Lake Temiskaming,
while the Ladies’ Aid Society stacked up
the evening’s banquet in the big hockey
rink. Every man in the town, except the
bishop, the habitants, the bartenders, and
MacLaren, who was supervising the ban-
quet preparations, was at the dock. The
habitants, already drawing the lines of the
approaching elections, kept to their own
part of the town, disdaining to notice the
coming of the party from southern Onta-
rio, and so, with the rest of Haileybury,
missing the reappearance of Rodney, usu-
ally the signal for the rise of the curtain
on some wild adventure.

  Rodney must have felt the omission of
the half-laughing, half-jeering welcome
the depot crowd was wont to give him, for
he stared a little uncertainly around the
deserted platform before he found a Har-
ing announcement in red-and-yellow that
flaunted the more sombre bulletins of the
railroad. He rubbed his fire-smartened
eyes to read its grandiloquent phrasing of
the Haileybury Commercial Club’s invi-
tation to the public to attend the after-
dinner speeches in the rink. He nodded
to express his acceptance of it before he
strode down the hill to the nearest saloon.
For John Rodney was drunk and bent on
getting drunker.

  By the time he reached the bar of the

    380

hotel near the lake he had succeeded so
well that MacLaren, just over from the
rink, suggested to the few stragglers in the
room that Rodney be put in jail until after
the guests from the south had departed.
“He’s so varry noticeable,” the little
Scotchman argued, “with his size and
record, that he'll shame the city. The
Board of Trade 'II never be knowing that
he's just drifted in from the Porcupine
with the desire of tearing up our town.”
But his record and his size .were the fac-
tors that saved John Rodney from the
Haileybury jail. Not even the sergeant
of provincial police cared to approach the
big man without more urgent cause than
MacLaren’s civic pride.

  With his arms set solidly 011 the brass
rod of the hotel-bar the man from the Por-
cupine defied MacLaren's diplomatic ef-
forts to take him out of the place that
would be the area of the spotlight as soon
as the steamer brought the Board of Trade
men back to the town. He had arrived at
his most joyous mood of rollicking good
humor. He reeled off talc after tale of
other men’s splendid deeds in his inimita-
ble narrative manner. He recalled Odys-
sean wanderings and Hectorean combats.
John Rodney had taken to every big gold-
camp the world has erupted in the last
twenty years his gift of dropping a plumb-
line into the heart of every man he met—
when he was sober. Drunk, he drama-
tized his wanderings and his vision ings in
vivid flashes of brilliant prose that seldom
failed to surround him with avidly inter-
ested listeners. But to-day, although
men kept coming to and going from the
room, no one but MacLaren paid any
heed to his monologue. And after a time
MacLaren went, warned by the shrill
whistle of the returning steamer. Then
Rodney addressed himself to a statue of
Robert Burns that decorated the bar.

  “There was a time in Dawson, Bobbie
Burns,” he confided to the gray plaster
The Bravest S< m

381

image of the poet, “when men came in
from the trails to hear John Rodney.
Big men they were, too, men who sent the
fame of the Klondike ringing around the
span of this lit-
tle old earth,

L a d u e, and
MacCormack,
and Henderson,
and old Juneau,
the first of them
all. And they
vowed they'd
rather hear
John Rodney
tell a habitant
story than find
a new strike.

But they’re
gone, all gone."

He shook his
head at the
statue lugubri-
ously. Then
his arm swept
out in orator-
ical circling.

“And down in
the Diamond
Town,"he cried,

“he used to
play to bigger
crowds than ev-
er Bernhardt
drew. Dukes
and earls, and
little knights
sought to know
him there. Ce-
cil Rhodes used
to listen to him

and laugh at him. But you can't lau^h
at me, old Timber-toes," he blazed out
at a lumber-jack who made hasty re-
treat after his mistake of the questioning
smile that had called Rodney’s attention
to him. “Do you see that?” He drew
from the pocket of his blue flannel shirt a
shining bit of metal on a red ribbon that
he swung before the uninterested watch-
ers. “Do you know what that means?”
His contemptuous scorn leaped over every
man in the place. “It means a thing you
can’t understand,” he sneered at them, re-
placing the ribbon, and its dangling bau-
ble swiftly in his pocket, “but I’ll tell yau

lie rubbed his fire-smartei ed eyes to read . the Haileybury
Commercial Club's invitation to the public.—i’aje joo.

something you will understand.” He
whirled his back against the bar ;.nd faced
the little group of loungers defiantly.
“You’ll have to build an empire before

you can laugh
at me!” he
boasted.

   No one took
his challenge.
For a moment,
while the room
was so still that
the chugging
of the steamer
sounded close,
the raucous
tones of the
band arose in
the strains of
“The Maple-
Leaf Forever."
Rodney, catch-
ing the tune,
hummed it for
three bars, then
shifted his song
to one of the
plaintive melo-
dies of the hab-
itants on the
Quebec side of
the lake. Al-
most asquickly
again, with the
mimetic facility
that made him
the fame and
the game of the
North Country,
hehadlaunched
into the swing
of “Mandalay” just as MacLaren re-
turned. The Scotchman was puffing fu-
riously, holding to the edge of one of the
swinging doors. “Your husky dog," he
trumpeted to Rodney, “the brute you
brought with you from the fretful Porcu-
pine, is eating the head off the Episcopal
minister's bulldog. If you’d see a grand
fight. Jack Rodney, you'll find it going on
near llie church at the top of the hill."
He could not wait to see the effect of the
inspiration that had come to him from an
urchin’s rumor, for the steamer was com-
ing against the pier; and as he ran toward
the dock he looked back, fearful lest Rod-
The nun watched the tns-le for a time with apparently concentrated interest

ney should follow him rather than climb
the hill to the promised entertainment.
But Haileybury was safe for the time.
Rodney’s great figure was vaulting over
shorts cuts to the sentinel spire that
marked the scene of bitter conflict.

  It was a good fight, that John Rodney’s
husky and the minister’s bulldog waged
against each other on the Haileybury hill.
The pup was gamely fighting a losing bat-
tle when Rodney came close enough to see
its progress. The man watched the tussle
for a time with apparently concentrated
ir.terest, but he did not interfere till his
husky began to show the wolf in his breed.
Then Rodney called off the brute, and ad-
dressed himself to the yelping bulldog
with maudlin philosophy.

  “Blood tells,” he said solemnly, “and
if the fight’s in you. it stays. But that
wolf of mine would have killed you if I
382

hadn’t stopped him, for lie’s the concen-
trated essence of all that’s wild in the
North. But, never mind, doggie,” he as-
sured the aggrieved but none the less com-
bative victim, “you'll gel your chance to
fight again, arc! that’s no more than any
of us gel.” He whistled the husky to him
and with the wolfish creature at his heels,
sauntered loiteringly along the street.

  At the first intersecting avenue he
paused, looking down on the crescent
of the town that sloped out to the gleam-
ing twilight beauty of the great lake of
the voyagers. From the farther purple
shore of the Quebec province dusk was
rising, softly looming over Temiskaming
and drifting in to the harbor where the
white steamer lay close to the long pier.
On the northern horizon against the black-
ness of the bush blazed the line of one of
the fires Rodney had come through 011 his
The Bravest Son

383

way down from the Porcupine. To the
southward along the track of the railroad
Cobalt had already lighted the beacons of
her welcome to the men coming in from
the silver mines. “Good old Cobalt,”
said Rodney, “I'll see you later.” He
waved a promising hand to the sweeping
headlight of an electric car that rushed
along the ridge between the towns. An
arc light over his head sizzled into flame
with a hundred others, flinging long lines
of brightness and shadow over Haileybury.
Down at the shore the great building of
the hockey rink suddenly blazed into a
hulk of lavender light. The banquet to
the North Country committee of the
Board of Trade had begun.

  Some recollection of the red-and-yellow
invitation to the public must have flick-
ered nebulously across Rodney’s brain, for
the illumination sped him down the ave-
nue toward the rink. But at the next cor-
ner chance again aided MacLaren. The
pink door of a little green-and-white sa-
loon stood open. Rodney, attracted to-
ward the doorway by the sound of fid-
dling, saw a lithe little Frenchman, who
wore the sash of the Riviere Quinze voy-
ager, dancing with gay abandon to the
accompaniment of an old man’s violin.
The dance was one that the watcher, fa-
miliar as he was with habitant steps, had
never seen, and he moved nearer to ob-
serve it. A shout of welcome greeted him
from the dozen men within, calling him to
their revelry, to their yarns, to their dance,
to their cherry brandy. He joined them
in all, making himself one of them in
speech and in act, echoing their political
sentiments against his own people’s party
—for in the North racial difference had
come to be the line of political cleavage
—with a bitterness none of them knew,
and amusing them with his mimicry till
twilight had run into darkness before he
came out of the pink doorway.

  The sound of the band led his wavering
steps through the quiet streets to the rink.
The music was coming to a sharp stop as
he paused under the great open window's.
Fluttering echoes of applause were rising
as he shoved his husky into a corner by
the threshold and went blinkingly for-
ward into the brilliancy of the improvised
banquet-hall.

  On the floor of the rink the tables had
     Vol. LV.—39

been shoved back so that the diners might
cluster around the board from behind
which the speakers of the evening faced
their hearers. There was a long line of
speakers and many of them had already
spoken overlong. The hosts of the occa-
sion, vividly alert to the opportunity of
instructing their guests in the magnitude
of the North Country, had set no time-
limit on the speeches of glorification. The
men of the Board of Trade listened with
polite interest, but the crowd, packed
closely behind the netting that separated
it from the rink floor, had come to the
point of restive weariness. MacLaren,
watching the men there with the nervous-
ness of a little man who tries to shoulder
the Atlean burden of his world, was the
first to see Rodney. He signalled to old
man Parr, the big Englishman whose bore-
dom had led him into heavy pacing of an
imaginary line at one side of the tables
while he puffed furiously on a thick black
pipe. “Watch Rodney,” ordered Mac-
Laren.

  Old man Parr changed his pacing to a
line that brought him close to the pillar
where Rodney stood. Rodney grinned at
him sleepily. “Got on the boiled shirt,
haven’t you, grandad?” he inquired geni-
ally. “Saw it out on the line this after-
noon. Great occasion, eh?”

  Old man Parr nodded ponderously. He
expressed his dominating idea, that of the
greatness of the British Empire, by solem-
nity of personal demeanor, particularly
in the presence of Rodney, who always
seemed to him a personified mockery ol
certain ideals he held sacred.

  “What are they playin’?” Rodney in-
quired, peering through the rising cigar
smoke toward the tables. “ Playin’ hock-
ey, grandad?”

  “No,” said Parr.

 “Not hockey,” Rodney went on.
“ 'Nother old game, then. Know it now.
‘You scratch my back and I'll scratch
yours’ we used to call it in the service.”

  “Hush!” commanded the other.

  For a silence had fallen on the restless
crowd. The president of the Board of
Trade, chairman of the committee and
honored guest of the evening, had risen
amid the applause of the Haileybury men
and was standing in readiness to make
answer to the celebrating welcome their
3S4

The Bravest Son

North Country hosts had given to him
and his fellows. There was in his wail-
ing a quality of authority that held the
crowd before he began to speak. When
he spoke he drove in his words incisively.

  “You have a wonderful country,” he
said, raising his hand to hold back the out-
break of self-gratulatory cheers, “a coun-
try that has impressed us in every way. by
its vast resources, by its impelling beauty,
by its magnificent power. But I pass over
these glories without comment. You,
yourselves, have been telling us of them,
showing them to us. May I speak of
something that I've found for myself?

  “It is always true that new countries
draw the best and the worst of men.
They have a way of tempering the best,
and of making over the worst so that in
the long run the new country's excellence
lies in its men. There is no new land
without its heroes, but it has always
seemed to me that no point of the com-
pass has ever drawn so many brave men
as has the North. I do not know by
what magic the North draws to itself the
splendid men of the earth. 1 only know
that it is the magnet for the braver ad-
venturers.”

  “ Little Lajeune in Frenchtown makes a
bet ter speech, ” m u ttered Rod ney. “Talks
for Laurier, too.”

  “Keep still,” rumbled old man Parr.

  “ I am sure that I should have remarked
on the men of the North Country,” the
speaker was saying, “ even without the co-
incidence of discovering that my own par-
ticular hero was now in this part of the
world. When I chanced to see in one of
your newspapers the mention that this
man of whom I had not heard in ten
years, but whom I have held in my heart
as the standard-bearer of a true ideal of
heroism, was in the Porcupine camp, I
realized how truly was the North mag-
netic to men of his quality.

  “ I never met this man. I heard of him
only as tens of thousands of others did, at
a time when an empire thrilled with the
tale of his courage.” The president of the
Board of Trade dropped his voice to
the conversational level with the ease of
the practised orator. “ Ten years ago,” he
said, “ I was in London when the news of
the taking of Bloemfontein flashed across
the world. I was dining in one of the ho-

tels with three English merchants when
the boys on the street began to cry the
news of a great fight on the South Afri-
can veldt. We had the papers brought,
searching them for the special tale of how
our men had broken the cordon that held
Bloemfontein so long. One of us began
to read jerkily phrases that set our blood
on fire. We grasped our own papers to
leap past his reading to the heart of the
tale.

  “‘Oh, it’s great!' one chap cried out.

  ‘“That's fightin’!’ some one banged.

  “‘Glorious!’ ‘Splendid!’ ‘They’rethe
boys!’ ‘Went it alone, that chap!’ All
around us men at the tables were crying
out in praise of some one whose deed
shouted from the black-and-white of the
print.

  “‘One of your countrymen,’ the man
who was dining us cried to me. A dozen
men circled me. ‘ D’ye know him?’ they
were asking. ‘One of us,’ a boy declared.
‘As English as we are, God bless him.’

  “I couldn't find the part they’d been
reading and the boy read it to me. I don’t
know what it said. There were burning
words trying to picture the story of how
one man’s courage under fire had inspired
the army behind him till he had swept
them into Driefontein, the key to the city
of the siege. ‘How many men do they
make like him over in your land?’ they
asked me. And never in all the days of
my life have I known such a thrill of glory
as I had in the joy of knowing that the
hero of the great battle of the Boer War
was my countryman. I was as proud of
him that night in London as you have oc-
casion to be proud of him to-night, for that
captain of Canadian scouts who won the
Victoria Cross for continued, repeated,and
glorious bravery on the battle-fields of
Africa is one of you, one of the men of
your North Country, the greatest of your
Iliad of heroes. I give you Canada's
bravest son, Captain John Rodney!”

  The president of the Board of Trade
raised high his glass. The members of
the committee came to their feet with
courteous haste. But for a full instant
there was a pause of hesitation among the
men of Haileybury. Then a score of them
rose stragglingly, the others following. In
silence they drank the toast while along
the benches back of the netting there ran
The Bravest Son

3S5

a snickcring laugh. “Jack Rodney?"
The derisive inquiry pierced the space be-
tween the benches and the pillar where
Rodney stood.

  “The braves’ son,” Rodney was repeat-
ing. “Who was he, grandad?”

  Old man Parr removed his thick black
pipe from his mouth, and looked contemp-
tuously at the lounging figure. “ He was
you,” he said. Then he turned his back
on him and crossed to the tables.

  Rodney stared after him with the dawn-
ing of resentment rising to his flushed face.
A feeble hurrah was forming amid the
crowd on the benches where some one had
recognized the hero of Driefontein. Rod-
ney caught the beginning of the cheer. He
pulled himself up, standing erect and fac-
ing the speakers’ table with arm uplifted
for attention. “Hooraw!” he shouted.
“ Vive Laurier! Vive reciprocity! Vive la
France!”

  The president of the Board of Trade
peered down under the lights at Rodney's
vivid pose. “The voyagers have started
their electioneering?” he inquired smil-
ingly.

  The cheer of the crowd, halted by Rod-
ney’s daring shout, took life again as the
men on the benches caught the full humor
of the situation. Jeers were volleying into
roars when MacLaren gave frantic signal
to the band. Loud and louder shrilled the
strident brasses into bars of martial music,
dinning cheers and jeers alike, and rous-
ing the man who stood alone at the back
of the rink to some recollection of times he
had listened to more stirring strains. Fie
squared his shoulders, clicked his heels,
raised his hand to his hat in an officer's sa-
lute to his men, and turned to the door.
The Haileybury band was playing “Rule,
Britannia " as Captain John Rodney went
out of the banquet-hall.

  All the way up the street the music fol-
lowed him. Its dinning insistence must
have irritated him, for he pushed from the
narrow sidewalk the husky that came to
his heels and paced on in dejected slouch-
ing to where the electric car stood waiting
for passengers from the lake town to Co-
balt. “ We don’t go to-night till the crowd
comes,” the conductor told him as he
shoved through the rear platform. Rod-
ney disdained answer, slouching through
the car to the front where he took his

stand beside the motorman. “Been at
the banquet? ” asked the man at the lever.
“No,” said Rodney shortly, peering ahead
toward the lights of Cobalt.

  For the sting of old man Parr's con-
tempt was corroding its way through his
befuddled senses. He fumbled in his coat-
pocket for a worn wallet that he opened
with over-cautious care to find a news-
paper clipping. In the dim light of his
post he read it dazedly. “Man at the
table was right,” he said as he replaced the
bit of worn paper. “ Did all of it years an’
years ago.” The motorman gave him a
curious glance. “Yes, I did,” he reiter-
ated. “Time when I was Rodney of the
Scouts. Ar.’ Rodney of the Scouts won
the Victoria. That was I!” With the
phrase the toxin of old man Parr’s slur
struck the canker of the man’s vanity.
“ Did he mean that I couldn’t do it now? ”
he cried to the astonished motorman.
“Did that old grandad mean that I'm not
brave any more? Just you wait,” he
promised. “ Wait till I get another chance
and I'll show him.”

  “Sure, you will,” said the motorman
soothingly. He looked at his watch, then
back into the car. “We’ve our crowd,”
he said as the conductor gave him the sig-
nal. Fie had been about to order Rodney
back from the platform, but a look at the
suddenly disclosed ugly lines around the
man’s mouth deterred him. “ You can stay
here if you keep quiet,” he compromised.

  As the car whirled along the high ridge
to the silver camp, Rodney, standing mo-
tionless, tried in vain to reconstruct a
mental picture of the scene in the rink. He
felt vaguely that the speaker’s words, the
shouts, the toast, the braying of the band,
had all concerned him, but he could not
give them visual reality. Whenever the
key-thought came close to the lock of real-
ization, some laughter in the car dispelled
it. Once he had groped into nearness of
the meaning of the scene in which he had
been the semiconscious actor, but just
when he was about to enter it again the
blazing headlight of the car illuminated the
rails with so vivid a likeness to a memory
Rodney held of a night run in an armored
train across the African veldt toward
Wolvespruit that he lost thought of in-
tervening time and circumstance and was
living again through those days of war.
3S6

The Bravest Son

  Before he came from his drowsy dream-
ing, the car had swung into Cobalt, and
had stopped with a jerk at the first street-
crossing. Most of the crowd had alighted,
and Rodney, seized by a sudden impulse,
opened the door at the front, and dropped
down to the road. Across the track, not
fifty feet away, rose the workmen’s shacks
of the Right-of-Way Mine. A score of
men from the car were coming toward him
on their way there. The track was clear
as the motorman’s gong clanged and the
car shot forward.

  Then—and to Rodney it seemed a scene
in a moving picture, so flashing, so graphic,
and so unreal that he gazed at it without
emotion—the headlight found just in front
of the shacks the running figure of a boy—
a child who stopped in sudden terror, tried
to turn, stumbled, arose, stumbled again,
and fell upon the rail as the car slid over
him. There came the racking sound of
grating brakes, the cries of the men on the
road, and Rodney had plunged beneath
the car before the man at the lever could
bring it to pulsing stillness.

  Ten seconds later the men of the crowd
surrounded him as he knelt over the poor,
crushed body of the boy. He raised to
them a face so white that no one of them
knew him. “I was too late,” he told
them. “He’s dead.”

  The conductor held a shaking lantern
over the bright curls of the dead boy. A
sob, strangling, unforgettable, rasped in
the throat of one of the watchers. “ He
is my little boy,” he said, “and he was
waiting for me.” In the wavering circle
of light Rodney, looking up, saw him, and
knew him for one of the company with
whom he had spent the twilight in the
gay little saloon of the pink door.

  “Could no one save him?” the man
moaned.

  “ 1 could have saved him,” Rodney said,
“if—if I hadn’t beer, drunk.”

  For John Rodney was sober now. He
turned to the men who stood by. “Take
his father away,” he ordered. “Get a
track-jack.” He snapped out his com-
mands with the abruptness ot his officer’s
training. Men stumbled to do his bid-
ding, driven by the mastery in his tone no
less than by their awe of the pitiful trag-
.edy. For long, dragging minutes he held
the helm of his grewsome task, directing,

advising, commanding, till the moment
came when he rose with the limp little
body in his arms and stood revealed in the
flare of the futile headlight.

  Half-way up to the shacks from the
rails he paused. “Where's his mother?”
he asked a man in the trailing group.
“Dead,” some one answered. “There
was just him and his father. They came
from the Quebec side.”

  “Who’s his father’s buddy?” Rodney
demanded.

  “I am.” A grimy miner stepped out
from the others.

  “You’ll look after him?”

  “Yes, captain,” the other promised.

  With martial certainty Rodney went
up the grade to the central shack, hold-
ing his burden tenderly close to him. With
martial peremptoriness he set his rule
within the shack in spite of the coming of
the mining company's superintendent and
doctor. He was the one who thought of
all that should be done for the dead boy
and his father, and who ordered its accom-
plishment without question of conve-
nience or courtesy. And he was the one
who, after all others had gone, folded the
maimed hands over the rough coat and
drew the sheet over the bright hair of the
child. Then he lighted the candle on the
table and went out into the night.

  Below the ridge where he stood the
lights of Cobalt beckoncd in welcoming
friendliness their promise of evasion of
that law which forbade the sale of liquor
in the mining-camps of the North Coun-
try. With a heavy, relaxing sigh of relief
he turned his steps toward them. His ut-
ter exhaustion cried for stimulant after the
hour of strain that had left him clammy-
cold. He groped through his pockets to
find a handkerchief to wipe the dampness
from his forehead, then remembered that
he had used his own for the boy who died.
Still searching, he thrust his hand in the
pocket of his flannel shirt. His fingers
closed on something colder than they, a
sharp-pointed bit of metal on a worn rib-
bon. They clutched it, brought it out. and
dangled it before his gaze. And as John
Rodney saw it for what it was he clenched
it in his fist till the points drove themselves
into his flesh. For the man who had won
the battle of Driefontein was holding the
badge of his courage, his Victoria Cross.
The Bravest Son

387

  Before him the lights of Cobalt dimmed
to vagueness as there swung in their stead
a wider range, a dry, parched veldt, rolling
for illimitable miles under the blazing sun-
light of Africa, gigantic scene of gigantic
conflict. Once more the man on the hill
was one of the army sweeping forward to
meet another army of daring, determined
lighters. Once more he was hearing the
sharp ping of Mauser bullets. Once more
he was dodging the flying lyddite. Once
more he smelled the smoke that came roll-
ing toward him. Once more he heard the
call to the charge. Once more he spurred
out in front of his men. Once more he
was riding over the plain, all athrill with
the joy of knowing that he had no fear.
He had dashed down the man who sought
to hold his bridle as the dark shape rose
from the grass. He felt the blood trick-
ling down after the sharp sting had pricked
his arm. He had known that he was fall-
ing, and falling; he had seen the colors of
his regiment going down as the color-
bearer sank. From the man’s hand he
had caught them up. He was rushing
on. There was film coming over his eyes.
A roaring was in his ears, a burning in his
nostrils. But he was going on across the
veldt to where the low kopje of Driefon-
tein seemed to be falling toward him. He
was climbing the hummock, breasting it,
shouting, yelling, sobbing, cursing in his
fury. He was battling now with a black-
bearded Boojer whose hand clutched the
standard while the two of them rocked in
conflict. He had flung him over, and he
stood alone on the kopje, the splendid tar-
get of the whistling bullets. The weight
of the standard was piercing his arm like
a thousand needles, and the pain, driving
up to his brain, maddened him. But men,
he knew not whether they were friends
or foes, were sweeping toward him. He
braced himself on the summit as darkness
filmed over his eyes. Then an arm stead-
ied his shoulder, and a familiar voice, his
colonel’s voice, rang out over the yells, and
the cries, and the singing bullets, and the
shrieking artillery, “You're in, Jack,
you’re in! We’ve taken Driefontein!”

  As a dreamer, slipping without tran-
sition through times and places of his
dream, John Rodney watched the ghosts
of his time of glory passing across the
stage of his memories. There had been

hundreds of men to give him praise for
his deed, men of power, and position, and
authority; but of them all he remembered
only the colonel whose belief in him had
been justified; Kitchener, who had shaken
hands with him on the day the army en-
tered Bloemfontein, and who had written
him down for the decoration; and the
great Rhodes, who had laughed when he
said to him, “You're as quick to lead an
army as you are to tell a tale, eh?” For
after Bloemfontein had come the time
when thousands of the service men pointed
him out as the panther of the scouts, the
man whose daring dash had won a great
battle. Only to-night, over there in
Haileybury, had come an echo of those
days in the speech of that man who re-
called how London had thrilled at the
story of a man’s courage.

  And he, John Rodney, had been that
man!

  Now, less than a hundred feet away, a
little bright-haired boy lay dead because
the man whose plunging quickness of
brain had won a momentous battle for an
empire had not been quick enough to
save him. The thought, piercing to Rod-
ney’s soul more deeply than the points of
the cross in his clenched hand cut into his
flesh, corroded there in bitter festering.
Through the years in which he had been
slipping down into degradation John Rod-
ney had not lost faith in himself. The
mirage of Driefontein had shone for him
across deserts of discouragement, gleam-
ing in promise that if need of courage
should come again he would be ready to
meet it. lie had laughed at his own vices,
balancing them against equally flagrant
virtues, boasting to himself that no emer-
gency should find him ungirded. On the
raft of that belief he had weathered the
storms of ten useless, drifting years. And
now that faith was gone. John Rodney
saw himself for what he was, a roystering
drunkard of the camps, comrade of other
besotted drifters, the butt of scorn of men
he had once thought to scorn.

  His fingers unclasped themselves slowly
from the medal. He looked at it tensely
as if he would read in the darkness the in-
scription. “I thought,” he said, “that
I’d keep you till I died. But I've lost the
right to you—and so-’’

  He caught his breath sharply as he
The Bravest Son

raised his arm to fling the bit of metal
from the ridge. Across his whirling brain
there raced another scene, trivial, absurd
in its setting of mightier thoughts, the
recollection of the fight his husky had
waged that afternoon with the little bull-
dog. But Rodney’s memory of it went
past the mere picturing of its details, go-
ing to the heart of its lesson as he had
once gone to the thick of battles. “That
dog’d be fighting yet, if I hadn’t pulled off
mine,” he thought. He set his jaw hard
and held his arm taut. "By God,’- he
cried, “if the pup could hold on, so can
I!” Once again his fingers closed over
the points of the medal. Before him the
lights of Cobalt still blinked in their beck-
oning. Gone was the vision of the veldt,
the thrill of glory, the fires of courage.
But in the ashes of self-respect, of honor,
of bravery there leaped a tiny flame. “ So
help me,” said John Rodney, “ I'll prove
up!” And he put back his cross in the
pocket of his shirt.

  Unsteadily, uncertainly, he stood in
waiting on the crest of the ridge, his de-
cision mocked by his knowledge that every
street in the camp held for him the temp-
tation of old haunts of his visits there.
But back of him lay that boy who was
dead because he had not reached him in
time. The morbid horror of repassing the
shack daunted him. While he hesitated,
a lithe figure swung down the dark road
toward him. When the stranger came
near he spoke. “M’sieu 1* capitaine?”
he asked of Rodney. He struck a match
to light a cigarette, and by its sputtering
flame Rodney recognized him as the voy-
ager who had danced in the Haileybury
saloon. When Rodney failed to answer,
he held the light close enough to see his
face. Instantly, with the camaraderie of
the river men for the captain who had
crossed the barrier of race to make him-
self one of them, he drew from his wide
sash a flask of brandy. “M’sieu is ill?”
he inquired with solicitude.

 “No,” said Rodney. His eyes de-
voured the flask. He kept wetting his
parched lips with his tongue. His hands
trembled as he put them behind his back.
“No,” he repeated. And he strode back
along the ridge to the shack where the
dead boy lay.

  All through the night he kept vigil there.

The red of dawn was rising in the east
when he went out into a gray world, turn-
ing his back on Cobalt. Daylight blazed
its blue through the iridescent mists of the
lake when he came to the little station on
the Haileybury hill. The special train of
the Board of Trade committee was holding
the right of way to the north, but on the
siding the engine of the freight on which
he had come down yesterday puffed in
waiting for its return trip. He swung
himself up to the van. A sleepy brake-
man looked up from his bunk when Rod-
ney opened the door. “Thought we just
landed you,” he said. “Did you forget
something?”

  Rodney did not answer.

  “What are you going back for?” asked
the brakeman curiously.

  “For something I lost,” said Rodney.

  “Well, turn in,” said the man, too
accustomed to Rodney’s eccentricities
of conduct to interest himself further.
“Help yourself to a blanket. We’ve all
day, and a new fire ahead of us before we
strike the junction.” He turned on his
side and was asleep again before Rodney
had huddled himself on the narrow bench
and sunk into the stupor of utter exhaus-
tion from which he did not wake until the
freight ran by the side of the junction
platform. The accommodation train for
the western branch toward the Porcupine
camps was pulling out as Rodney, clearing
the platform at a bound, almost knocked
from his feet the provincial policeman who
had just completed his search for contra-
band liquor in the luggage of the Porcu-
pine pilgrims. “No use searching you,
Rodney,” the officer called after him.
“You never had enough for your own
use.” But Rodney gave him no more heed
than he seemed to give the crowd within
the coach after he opened the door and
dropped down into the nearest seat. Pull-
ing his hat down over his face, he pretend-
ed to sleep. But the crowd numbered
men who had been at the hockey-rink, men
who had rioted and rollicked with Rodney,
and to whom the idea of Rodney as a hero
was deliciously, satirically funny. All af-
ternoon on the way north from Haileybury
on the express that was overtaking the
freight the topic of the speech about Rod-
ney had engrossed them out of their talk
of gold. Now, with Rodney at their mercy,
The Bravest Son

they directed their batteries of heavy sar-
casm upon him.

  Slouched in the corner of the seat Rod-
ney listened to every word of their goad-
ing ridicule. From men he had called his
friends came the most biting sneers, baits
to catch him in speech that they might
find amusement in his self-defence. Know-
ing their purpose, Rodney held his self-
control with the apparent impassivity of
a Greek. But when a boy, just in the
camps that summer from a jerkwater col-
lege, sprang to his seat with arm up-
raised and the laughing cry, “ I give you
Canada’s bravest son!” John Rodney
threw aside his mask of sleep. His eyes
blazed terribly as he flung off his hat and
drew himself up to his great height. His
face was drawn into hard lines of bitter
determination and white with the fury of
garnered rage. In the aisle he towered
over the seats as slowly, surely, he made
his way toward the boy. The crowd, see-
ing his anger and knowing his strength,
fell back. The boy jumped to the floor,
bringing his left arm before him for de-
fence; but his eyes were shadowed by fear
as they saw the flaring fires of Rodney's
rage. He gave a swift signal of appeal to
the men who had started the baiting he
had climaxed; but all of them were wait-
ing for Rodney’s action. No one in the
car moved but Rodney, advancing with
the springing step of the panther lie had
once been likened to, and a thin, blond
Englishman who, alien to the crowd, had
been seated behind the boy. Just as
Rodney came abreast of him the man
thrust out his arm. “Captain Rodney,’’
he said, and the sharp note of authority
in his voice brought to the raging man
the insistent memory of obedience to its
mandates, “an officer does not engage in
common brawls.”

  For an instant Rodney glowered as if he
would veer his attack upon him. “They
know you can fight,” the man went on.
He tossed a disdainful glance at the gaping
crowd. “Let them alone,” he ordered.

  “ Let me alone,” yelled Rodney. “ For
the honor of the service, I’m going to
teach that kid.”

  “For the honor of the service,” asked
the man between him and the frightened
boy, “why don’t you teach yourself?”
“What’s it to you?” cried Rodney.

  The man smiled. The unexpectedness
of it startled the crowd more than had his
interference. “I flattered myself that
you'd recall me,” he said. “ I was Kitch-
ener’s aide at Bloemfontein. Hurst, you
know. Do you remember me now?”
His hand went out to Rodney’s. But
Rodney stepped back, his hand rising to
his forehead in salute. “Captain Hurst,”
he said, “I’m fighting yet. When I’ve won
the first battle, I’ll meet you, man to
man.” As suddenly as he had risen from
his place he turned his back on the men
who watched him and went to his seat.

  Some one in the crowd laughed. But
the boy Rodney had come to fight spoke.
“I want to apologize,” he said. And
there came no more laughter.

  After that no one spoke of Rodney or
to him. When the train came to the
Frederick House River, the Englishman
went toward him, but Rodney only nodded
to him as he swung off across the girders of
the railroad bridge on his fifteen-mile walk
to Golden City.

  Through the night, as he strode along
the right of way under the diamond-
clear stars of the north, John Rodney
strengthened his decision by a determined
plan of seclusion from his old haunts and
his boon companions. He would not lin-
ger in South Porcupine, filled as it would
be with men whose invitations were so
hard to resist. He would go out on the
Wallaby Track, that road through the
bush to the greater mines strung along to-
ward the Mattagami River, directing his
prospecting from the river camp. But
when he had crossed the lake from Golden
City to South Porcupine the next day, he
found that he had made his decision in
vain. He would have to wait a week for
the coming of his supplies.

  He was hardly in the hotel before a
half-score of men had invited him to drink
with them, taking his refusal with careless
amusement. By noon the forelopers of
the crowd from Haileybury had brought
to the camp the news of the scenes in the
rink and the car. By night the tale of
how Rodney had failed to fight the boy
who jeered at him had become a story of
a man’s rank cowardice under insult. By
the next day the game of trying to break
down Rodney's determination to keep
from drinking had become the amusement
390

The Bravest Son

of his old companions of the town. All
that saved Rodney from having to defend
his resolve in physical combat was the gen-
eral recognition by the men who plied him
of his superior physical strength. But
they took their revenge in other ways.
Every man whom Rodney refused chose
to regard the refusal as a personal affront
and disdained to speak to him on the occa-
sion of their next meeting. With the bet-
ter element of the camp Rodney had never
associated, having chosen from the begin-
ning the easier way of finding his com-
radeships below his level. Hurst, new to
the camp though he was, drifted in with
the more reserved of the men there by
virtue of his letters and his personality,
and of him Rodney saw nothing. By the
end of the week John Rodney was an exile
in the camp he had pioneered.

  While he waited impatiently for his de-
layed supplies Rodney took to long ram-
bles out in the bush along the Wallaby
Track. Out there a half-dozen times he
noted smoke from forest fires that aroused
his alarm. Had he been talking with his
old comrades he would have warned them
of the danger he believed was threatening.
Once, indeed, he essayed to speak of it to
the hotel clerk, but the latter had laughed
it off. “ That bush has been smoking ever
since I came here,” he declared.

  “And it’ll be smoking after you’re
gone,” said Rodney ominously. But he
spoke to no other of his dread. He
watchcd the smoke, however, with the
uneasiness of a ranger, calculating chances
of fire-fighting, and throwing aside every
feasibility in the face of his knowledge of
the devastating swiftness of a bush fire.
And the while he watched he was obsessed
by the desire to go back to his old crowd
in his old way. The sound of the phono-
graphs in the “speak-easys” as he passed
them at night on his way back to the hotel
maddened him with a thirst for compan-
ionship rather than for liquor. Through
the thin wooden walls of the hotel room
he could hear the slamming of cards 011 the
tables, the murmur of voices, the echoes
of laughter. And he cursed himself for a
fool for holding away from the thing he
most desired; but his dogged strength of
decision held him to the keeping of his
promise until the morning when he met
Hurst.

  He had gone on a needless errand to one
of the mines southwest of the town, and
wearied by the heat was sitting on a fallen
log, smoking furiously while he watched
the wavering smoke-cloud toward the
river, when he heard voices on the trail.
Coming down the corduroy were four
men, Hurst and three others. Rodney
raised his hand in salute to the English-
man, but the four passed without even a
look in his direction. Long after they had
disappeared he sat there, watching the road.
Then herose. “ Hell,” he said, “what’sthe
use?” And with the old dare-devil glint
in his eyes he started back to the town.

  As he walked the heat seemed to grow
more oppressive. He took off his coat,
and flung it over his shoulder. He tried
to whistle the tune of “Tommy Atkins,”
but a curious dryness in his mouth halted
the attempt. The bush seemed to be
growing darker. But Rodney slouched on,
heedless of everything but his own reck-
less intention of flinging away the weeks
of self-denial, until the curiously pun-
gent odor that a bush prospector never
forgets when it has once come to him
struck his nostrils. In the middle of the
road he wheeled, looking back toward the
Mattagami.

  Less than a mile away the smoke hung,
its scudding messengers of gray obscur-
ing the sun into a distant and lightless
ball of red. A great wind was rising,
whirling before it the leaves from birches
that stood in ghastly whiteness against the
darkness of the smoke-palled forest. A
rabbit rushed from cover. Down the cor-
duroy a pack of huskies ran. A roar,
growing with the wind, came to Rodney’s
ears just as his eyes sighted the leaping
pillars of flame in the cloud. He put up
his hand to feci the direction of the wind.
Then, flinging his coat to the ground, he
turned his back on the fire and ran to-
ward the town.

  As he ran he seemed to lose all sense
but that of sight, becoming only a mov-
ing machine. Wild creatures passed him
in their panic rush. From the mines on
either side of the track the shrieks of
whistles summoned men to action or to
flight. Down the trails men ran, some
bearing grotesque burdens, others with 110
thought but that of immediate safety.
One of them struck at Rodney as he went
The Bravest Son	391

by. “Keep your head,” Rodney called
after him, “you’ll need it later.” Every
moment the roar of the fire grew louder,
tie smoke grew denser. Rodney, loping

lire, kept steadily to the road. Only once
did lie pause. An old man had been
thrown to the ground by the shock of one
of those dynamite explosions that kept de-

liut Kudncv stepped back, his hand lisinx i" hi* forehead in saline. "Captain Hur>t,"

lie said.—Page J8y

along with the steady swing of the trail-
blazer, kept looking back over his shoul-
der mechanically at intervals, calculating
the distance between him and the fore-
runners of the flames, those pyramids that
flashed here and there through the trees.
Squinting ahead, he measured the distance
to the lake that showed itself a haven of
refuge. “We’ll make it, boys," he cried
to the others.

  Into the clearing between the bush and
the town men and women came from
north, south, and west, stumbling over
slumps in their rush to the lake. Rodney,
muttering to himself his bitterness for
having failed to heed the signals of the
Vol. LV.—40

tonating the approach of the fire to the
mines. The crowd, heedless of anylliing
but its goal, would have trampled 011 him
had not Rodney waited to pick him up.

  At the outskirts of the town the mob
grew denser. Rodney wondered vaguely
where the men and women who thronged
the streets in their rush to their one chance
of safety could have come from. At the
doors of offices and stores men appeared,
begging the runners for aid in taking out
their goods; but the men from the mines
passed them, careless of the less vital pre-
dicament, knowing that in the face of the
flames life was the one issue.

  When he had come to the dock Rodney
302

The Bravest Son

stood, calculating with mathematical pre-
cision his exact chance of escape, and de-
ciding that his ability to swim in any water
assured it to him. As he unlaced his great
boots he let himself watch the drama on
the shore, where a thousand people were
huddled, beseeching the boatmen to take
them out of the danger zone. Already
hundreds were taking to the water, stand-
ing up to their waists in its wash and ready
to plunge deeper. Overweighted boats
tossed on the waves that the wind from
the fire was churning. At the foot of the
dock a canoe, jammed with twice the num-
ber it could carry, went down as some one
sprang into it from the pier. A man near
Rodney kept shouting to some one on a
row boat to come back fora little girl who
was crying piteously. Rodney had time
to be "lad lhat he was responsible for no
one but himself, as he saw a gasolene-
launch chugging in. “Put the women on
it!” came the shout just as there swept
from the street a maddened crowd of Hun-
garians from the mines, pushing, shoving,
lighting in desperation to win their way to
the end of the dock. Rodney, kicking off
his boots, certain now of his safety, in-
stinctively turned to drive back the fren-
zied men who threatened the only chance
the others had for life. Then, “Why
should 1 ?” he asked himself. “ What arc
they to me?” But one of the Hungarians,
passing him in his crazed rush, drove his
elbow into him. The shock of the impact
galvanized him to awful rage. His hand
went to his hip-pocket. In an instant he
was on the dock, driving his way to the
foot through the wall of men, towering
above them all, forcing himself inch by
inch to the place where he might face
them.

  “Stand back!” His cry clamored on
the fearful stillness that held the crowd
ominously. Only the sound of the motor-
boat broke in on his command. “The
women arc going in that boat,” he shout-
ed, his staccato utterance thudding down
on the upraised white faces, “and if one
man dares to crowd up here, I’m going to
kill him.” The menace of his voice drove
back the Hungarians inch by inch till the
women had room to remain. The menace
of his levelled gun kept them there. The
motor-boat, with engine stopped, crept
up to the dock. “Pull her in,” Rodney

ordered the man nearest to it. One by
one the women stepped down until the
boatman gave the signal that he could take
no more. As the launch set off from the
dock the man nearest to Rodney struck at
him. Rodney dashed him off into the
water. Clinging to the dock he made his
wail, “There are no more boats!" and the
crowd, with guttural cries, pressed forward
toward the man who had cheated them of
their chance.

  Rodney held his gun steady. His voice,
raised over the roar of the wind, never fal-
tered as he spoke. “Just back of you,” he
said, “is a hardware store. Go over there
and get axes, and hatchets, r.nd nails.
Break down the shacks for the lumber.
Then we'll make rafts. It’s your only
chance if you can't swim."

  Only the Hungarians, not understand-
ing the command, lingered. Every other
man joined ir. the rush toward the store.
But while the sound of splitting lumber
cracked, one of the foreigners, looking far-
ther back, saw a great ball of tire tossed
from the bush back of the clearing over to

the first shack in the town. Instantly the
shack was ablaze. Another and another
spurted in flame. The watching man gave
a throaty cry, and flung himself at Rod-
ney. Bui Rodney had seen him in time
to step to one side, and to let him sprawl
on the floor of the dock. Then he set his
foot, on him, while he scanned the crowd
around the store.

  Men were working with driving fury,
nailing boards together in haphazard haste.
Rodney groaned as he saw how futile was
their unskilled labor on rafts that would
not stand the first frenzy of the gale. A
blazing hot breath from the fire roused
him to the urgency of haste. He could
show them in five minutes how to make
ihose rafts. But if he left these mad Hun-
garians on the dock, they would run wild.
If they killed no one else, they would kill
themselves in their fury. Rodney's eyes
roved through the crowd beyond, sight-
ing a tall, blond man who was splitting a
long timber into poles. “ Captain Hurst,”
he cried to him.

  Hurst sprang from his task to the dock.
“ Captain Hurst," Rodney gave command,
“ you will hold these men here while I show
those fools how to make rafts.” Hurst’s
hand went up in acceptance of the order,
Wild crcaturcs passed him in their panic rush. —Page 390.

then came down again to his gun-pocket
as he took Rodney’s place.

  With his own revolver still in his hand,
Rodney jumped from the dock to the
ground. From group to group he went,
working, planning, counting, till the rafts
were finished. And all the time the smoke
from the fire was blinding him, the breath
of the fire was scorching him. His hat
was gone, and he could feel his hair grow-
ing crisp in the horrible heat that choked
him as he drove the last nail in the last
raft.

  On the dock Hurst was piling the Hun-
garians on the rafts. “ Get them off first,”
Rodney had yelled to him. After them
came the men who bore the rafts to the
shore as the fire blazed less than five hun-
dred feet back of them, throwing lurid
light on the darkness. The tornado of
the fire was tossing the waves over the

rafts, but Rodney saw that none of them
was going down. At the dock men were
tumbling on the last raft, calling to Rod-
ney to join them. Hurst and he were
the last on the shore. ‘‘Get in!” he or-
dered Hurst. The Englishman hesitated,
then obeyed. Rodney, with one knee on
the edge of the pier, set this foot down
011 the frail craft, reasoning that it in-
creased his hope of safety tenfold. Then
he drew it back. “Too heavy,” he said.
Hurst tried to clamber off, but Rodney
shoved him back. “I’m going to swim,”
he said.

  Through the choking darkness Hurst
spoke to him. “Captain Rodney,” he
said, “twice you’ve proven yourself the
bravest man of us all.” Rodney held out
his hand to him. “Thank you,” he said.
Then he shoved the raft away from the
dock.

                                      393
394

"The Irish has danced to them, fouyht 10 them, laughed to them, wept lo them, died to them!
CORMAC O’BRIEN, PIPER

By Amanda Mathews

      I L L II S 1 R A T ION nv F . C . V O H N’

ORMAC O’BRIEN, the an-
cient piper, and old Norah,
his wife, lived up a bit of
rooked stone-walled lane
across the road from the
Duffys. This bleak, cloudy
winter afternoon the couple sat in their
respective chimney-corners silent as their
own hearth, for the peat never roars,
spits, or crackles; it gives a tranquil fire of
yellow glows and gentle, caressing orange
flames.

  A red cow walked confidently into the
kitchen, her calf at her flank. Corniac
rose and opened for them the door of what
had once been “the room,” but a great
patch of roof had fallen in so that it was
now used only as the byre. Behind the
calf the procession was extended by ducks
and chickens. These broke rank and
dashed clamorously about the kitchen.

  “Ye unmannerly birds!” admonished
Norah, but she scattered food on the flag-
stones. Their supper over, they went
peaceably to the byre. Norah lighted
the candle. Husband and wife then re-
sumed their low wooden chairs.

  The fireplace was very shallow and
smoked in all winds. A holy picture on
the gable wall was so blackened that
Mary and the Child could scarcely be rec-
ognized. The few small objects on the
mantel might have been carved out of
bog oak. A saucy smoke-puff fanned the
piper's face, then made itself into a wreath
about his head, instantly dissolved, and
mingled with the general smokiness of the
room. He coughed.

  “There must a bit of black stone been
builded into this chimly,” observed his
wife sympathetically. Her remark was
as customary as the behavior of the chim-
ney; her husband offered no reply.

The piper was blear-eyed from his
eighty-five years but erect as youth. His
abundant black hair was only slightly
grizzled, though the sideburns framing his
Vol. LV.—41

clear-cut old features were quite gray. He
wore a gray homespun suit with patch on
patch. Norah, ten years his junior, had
a softly wrinkled face and pleasant brown
eyes. She was dressed in black skirt, red
“body,” and blue kerchief. Her feet
were bare.

  Johneen Duffy slipped in, his right in-
dex-finger holding a place near the back
cover of a book.

  “I cannot read in me own home for the
ructions of Kitty and Dermot,” he ex-
plained plaintively.

  “Ye be’s welcome,” encouraged the pi-
per. “ I perceive ye to be a lad of parts.”
In this sentiment old Cormac voiced the
general changed opinion of the neighbors
since Johneen had borne off the prize of
the Letterkenny Feis for a Gaelic poem
by a school-child. The boy stretched him-
self luxuriously on the warm flags with
his book lying within the circle of yellow
firelight.

  Mary Anne appeared next with some-
thing wrapped in a cloth.

  “ I cannot keep clean the white coat I
am knitting with me sister Kitty rubbing
herself against it every minute," she com-
plained.

  “Ye bc’s welcome,” repeated Mrs.
O'Brien, as the girl took the creepie-stool
and spread out on her knees the compo-
nent parts of the white jersey.

  “You are the great knitter entirely,”
approved Norah. “So was I once but
that once is away. Me eyes are no more
equal for it and now I never take the skiv-
ers in me hands. I mind, though, when I
was a wee one and our old servant set me to
learning with a couple of goose-feathers.”

  “I must finish this coat the night, for
mother will be taking in all our knitting
to the shop at Ardnagapery to-morrow,”
anxiously declared Mary Anne.

  Her fingers fairly twinkled the skivers.
A silence reigned which was most grateful
to Johneen as he rapidly turned the thrill-

                                   395
Cormac O’Brien, Piper

ing final pages. He closed the book and
looked into the fire.

  “What he’s your thought, lad?” in-
quired his host.

  “I was wondering just, would you be
blowing your pipes the night.”

  Old Cormac took down his instrument
from the top of the dresser, deliberately
tied the leathern string about his body,
strapped the pad above his right knee, ad-
justed a bellows under each arm, and
struck up McLeod’s reel.

  As if charmed in by the music, two more
people entered. Mary Anne had started
and dipped her flushed face almost into
her work, but she looked up and nodded
shyly when she heard the hearty voices of
Tim McGarvev and his wife Peggy, who
was Peggy Doogan before Tim returned
from America and resumed his long-inter-
rupted courtship. What had been Peggy’s
house was now the byre; Tim had buik a
grand new cottage exceeding the splendor
of the O'Donnells’.

 Mr. and Mrs. McGarvey were wel-
comed. They seated themselves side by
side on the box-bed and begged that the
music proceed.

  It was proceeding through the mazes of
McSweeney's march, when Maiy Anne’s
face again dipped into her work at another
step on the threshold. This time it was
Shane O’Donnell, big, clumsy, and fairly
gruff, what with being intensely bashful
and now intensely conscious of Mary
Anne's presence. He was monitor at
school and on the high road to being a
master.

  “I am trying to think what the pipes
sound like,” said Johneen.

  “Troth, what could they be sounding
like but themselves?” queried Norah.

  Her husband lifted his hand with affa-
ble yet commanding gesture.

  “ Remember. Norah, ye are only a
woman. I am not denyin’ ye do very well
for what ye be’s, but the faymale mine is
lackin’ raich.”

  “The pipes has the makings of a whole
orchestra,” chimed in McGarvey. “There
is a flute and a pipe-organ on a jag and a
beeskip after you have put a stick in it.”

  The piper scowled at the Yankee’s well-
intentioned encomium.

  “It is a grand sound they make alto-
gether,” put in Peggy pacifically.

  “A man has a big ear to be picking up
all them tunes,” McGarvey blundered on.

  O’Brien straightened himself away from
the back of his chair.

  “It is plain you are no musicianer not
to be telling pieces from tunes, Mr. Tim
McGarvey. Boy,” to Johneen. “open
yon chest and fetch me dark music.”

  It was “dark" music in the most literal
sense, being blackened by age and smoke
until only an occasional note was visible,
but the piper had Johneen hold it up in
front of him while he went through “Fare-
well to Erin” without taking his eyes
once from the blurred sheet.

  “ What say yez to me dark music? ” he
demanded.

  “That is the tidiest piece whatever,”
responded Peggy. “ It is not to-day nor
yesterday you got to learn."

  “I forgot to knit,” said Mary Anne
simply.

  “ 1 know now about the pipes—” began
Johneen, restrained by shyness but driven
by the urge of his thought.

  “Speak up, lad."

  “The wind gets caught in them and
may not be away until it has told all its
secrets to Cormac O’Brien.”

  The old man was mollified and thun-
dered on with “Roderick Dhu.”

  “The pipes be’s too wild for the tamer
times we has now and too dark for the
lazy ones to Icarn. Holy saints, but they
had their day of old! The Irish has
danced to them, fought to them, laughed
to them, wept to them, died to them!”

  As old Cormac ceased speaking Shane
drew forth once more the white envelope
from his pocket.

  “This letter came to the master,” he
explained, “and the master was sending
it to you by me. They will be having a
grand Gaelic festival in Dublin come next
month, and they are wanting to gather all
the Irish pipers in the whole island. They
will be giving them tickets to Dublin and

there will be prizes-”

  Cormac O’Brien looked inches taller in
his chair, but his only immediate response
was to plunge into a series of Irish jigs.

  “Have T gone back in me piping?” he
demanded. “Have I gone back?”

  “Ye have not gone back!” cried Mrs.
O'Brien.

  “Norah,” he answered, “I must be re-
Cormac O'Brien, Piper

397

mindin’ ye that ye be’s only a woman.
How can a man’s wife hearing him all the
time be telling if he has gone back?”
“Sure you have gone back nothing!”
declared Shane. “I doubt the likes of
you will be found in all Ireland. Was
you not carrying off the first prize of the
Donegal Feis three years since?”

   “I was,” responded the gratified mu-
sician. “Was I ever tellin’ yez the an-
swer I made to the band-master at Done-
gal when he was inquirin’ how I come by
such a strong grasp of music? ”

   Every one present had heard the anec-
dote innumerable times, but this moment-
ous invitation to play at the Dublin Feis
threw over it such a glow of fresh signifi-
cance that the requests were sufficiently
genuine and spontaneous.

   “I am a son of nature,” I told that
band-master. “I live between two ele-
ments, the wind of the sea and the wind
of the mountains, so I get the both winds
mixed up like in me music.”

  Again he played—an impromptu med-
ley of old selections threaded with his own
variations of the moment. Indeed, his
listeners seemed to hear screaming sea-
gulls and the shrilling of wind among sails
mingled with the tossing of wrenched
boughs on storm-beaten mountain-tops.
A sort of awe fell upon his hearers.

   “You must be mending the hinges on
your old bag or I doubt but it will spill
your clothes on you.”

   Cormac wilted down in his chair look-
ing dazed and troubled. This time he was
plaintively petulant.

   “Norah, why can ye no understand to
let a man soar when he do be soaring!”
But Shane and the rest sympathized
with Norah in realizing that there were
certain practical aspects of the Dublin
matter which the old man should be
brought to consider.

   “Me father will be proud to drive ye to
 the station in our donkey-cart,” volun-
 teered Shane.

   “I am sure me mother will be killing a
 young bird for you to be eating along the
 road,” ventured Mary Anne.

The Yankee plumped down a half-crown
on the piper’s knee. “Here is for you to
bring Norah a gewgaw from Dublin.” ’
Norah clasped her hands delightedly.
“That’s terrible kind of you, Tim Mc-

Garvey, and himself will be seeing some

brave fairing like a new handkercher-”

  “Thank ye kindly,” muttered the old
man, but he was evidently still dazed and
the half-crown rolled to the floor.

“Shane, what day must he be starting
for beyant?” asked Peggy McGarvey.
Shane took out the letter and studied it.
“Thisday fortnight, I would say. That
will let the master write for the booking.”
“Yez mean well,” the piper interposed,
irritably, “but yez seem to be all pushing
me out of me own house into the road.
Has anybody yet heerd me say I was
going? Tell me that!”

  “ But are ye not? ” inquired one and an-
other of his listeners.

  Norah smiled into the fire. Her voice
was so fresh and girlish it seemed to come
from Mary Anne.

“I can fair hear ye swirling away to

them all in Dublin and the wonder-”

  “Norah,” he protested, “ye are hearin’
what ye are no called upon to hear.”
“And for what would she no be called
upon to hear it?” asked McGarvey.

  The piper continued to look only at old
Norah, who in her turn was still smiling
into the fire.

  “We have been married fifty-five years
come Candlemas,” he mused aloud. “I
was a young gossoon on me way to pipe
for a dance, and I met a big house I took
for a workhouse, and I sent out a tune
going by to hearten up the poor old souls
inside, and who came running out but the
tidiest jewel of a girl with her hair blow-
ing all about her sweet face. Hashkee!
Hashkee! how I wished I could pipe her

after me down the road-”

  “Ye were swirling ‘Bonny Charlie.’”
“And I learned the big house to be a
rectory and her the rector's daughter, and
every day I passed piping and wishing her
to follow. We got acquainted at the cross-
roads, and the night come when I piped
‘ Bonny Charlie ’ down by the wall and she
was away with me to be married.”

  “I wore a purple camelot gown,”
beamed Norah.

  “Was her folks annoyed?” inquired
Peggy.

  “They was done with her the day she
run off with a poor Catholic musicianer—
so she come down to this miserable house
instid of that grand rectory.”
398

Reprieve

  “There was blue-velvet chairs in the
drawing-room,” crooned Norah, “but I
had to follow the piper swirling ‘Bonny
Charlie,’ and this house is warmer.” She
extended her bare feet to the glowing
embers.

  “Norah do be growing a bit childish-
like with her years,” offered Mr. O'Brien.
“To be sure i am ten years older nor her
and there be’s nothing childish about me
as yet, God be thanked, but that is be-
cause he made a man’s brain stronger to
bear up under his age.”

  “Cormac dear, ye be’s the great man
entirely for discourse. Give me a taste
of your dudeen.’’ He passed it to her.

  “If you were not to go to Dublin,”
Shane expostulated, “it is the chance of
your life you would be missing.”

  “But Norah is me life and I am more

thinking it is me chance for losin’ her-”

  “Now do ye not be fretting about
Norah,” cheered Mrs. McGarvey. “It
is fine care we will all be taking of her,

and it is meself will be in and out and
out and in—so will Shusan Duffy and the
childer.”

  “ Yez be good neighbors and mean kind
by us, but yez have your own troubles
with the fowl and the animals. Norah
has dizzy spells, and the time ye was out
might not be Ion" and yet long enough
for me Norah to fall into the fire. I will
be stayin’.”

  Norah looked up happily.

  “Cormac darlin’, we have our pensions
and ye need not be going up after that
prize, though it's yourself would bring it
away. I would be heart-scalded missing
ye so long from the house.” For once
she was not reproved.

  Shane and Mary Anne gazed dreamily
at Cormac and Norah in their chimney-
corners. Both were having a dim, sol-
emn, prophetic vision of themselves at
the far end of the long road down which
they were now groping for each other’s
hands to make the start together.

REPRIEVE
By Charlotte Wilson

The other day it dawned on me,

A sudden shock across our play:

He is so old—the miracle
May happen any day!

The miracle! at any hour
This small man-comrade at my knee
May grave upon his soul his first
Clear memory of me.

Some trivial moment, slackened mood,
Imperishably there may trace
My picture, as at heart I bear
My sweet, dead mother’s face.

I—I, unworthy. Let me bow
(Like kneeling page of old, to feel,
Laid on his shoulder, stiff and shrewd,
The consecrating steel),

Abased in utter thankfulness
Before the mirror of his eyes:

He is so little yet—I still
May make his memories!
■THE POINT OF VIEW •

     APROPOS of the efforts made from time
     to time to take Mount Vernon away
     ^ from the Association in whose hands
     it has been for more than fifty years, one is
     struck afresh by the amount of forgetting
     which is going on in the world. For there

, ,. , , seems to be a wide-spread igno-
A Washingtons	,	,	,r .

Birthday	ranee as to the actual ownership ot

Reminiscence the place. Some newspapers hand
vlrnon UdL' il over to the Daughters of the
Association" and American Revolution,and, indeed,
Its Founder a mernijer 0f that society has been
heard to say blandly: "Oh, yes, we own
Mount Vernon ”; fancying, of course, that she
was correct in the statement, and ignorant
of the fact that there is one woman’s patri-
otic society in America which antedates her
own. But there are still persons living who
remember the appeals to women in every
town and village, from one end of the
United States to the other, to subscribe the
sum of one dollar apiece for the purchase of
“The Home and Grave of Washington.”

       I have before me an interesting pam-
     phlet giving a sketch of Ann Pamela Cun-
     ningham, the founder of “The Mount Vernon
     Ladies’ Association.” The first suggestion
     of the purchase of the estate came, however,
     from Miss Cunningham's mother, although
     it was far from her thoughts or wishes that
     her invalid daughter should carry the enter-
     prise on her shoulders. Going down the
     Potomac one evening in the year 1853, Mrs.
     Cunningham noted, in the moonlight, the
     ncglected and desolate condition of Mount
     Vernon. Reflecting on the ruin which was
     likely to overtake the place unless some
     speedy effort were made to save it, the idea
     came to her that the women of America
     should own and preserve it. She suggested
     the plan in a letter to her daughter, and Miss
     Cunningham at once said: “I will do it.”
     At all crucial points in the undertaking,
     when the impossible had to be accomplished,
     Miss Cunningham had a way of saying: “I
     will do it.” And she always made good.

       She started the movement at once, but.
     being a gentlewoman of the old school, could
     not imagine herself coming before the public
     in her own person. She always signed her-
     self “The Southern Matron,” and it was

only in 1858, when the estate had finally
been purchased, t hat she yielded to the solic-
itation of Mr. Everett and other friends
and signed a public letter with her own
name. In 1861 she was horrified to see a
notice of herself in a newspaper. Her re-
turn to South Carolina was menlioned, and
her sympathy with secession was assumed.
She wrote to a friend: “Conceive of my
amazement and distress when the paper was
handed to me. You know my horror of
publicity for a lady—of her name appearing
in the newspapers! ... It was, under any
circumstances, most improper and indeli-
cate to draw a lady into the political arena;
how much more to do it in connection with
her relation to an association formed to
have joint ownership and guardianship of
the grave of the father of all—no matter
how our country is divided." Which shows
that this South Carolina woman was not
sectional in her sympathies. As to the rest,
her times were indeed different from ours,
for when, in 1855, Philadelphia was respond-
ing enthusiastically to the call for money for
the purchase of Mount Vernon, the leading
men of that city suddenly refused any sup-
port to the movement, “because it was a
woman’s effort, and they disapproved of
women’s mixing in public affairs.”

  The movement was at first started wholly
as a Southern affair. Southern women were
to raise the two hundred thousand dollars
for the purchase of the property, and Vir-
ginia was to hold it. “the ladies to have it
in charge and adorn it if they could have the
means.” Fortunately the owner, Mr. John
Augustine Washington, refused to agree to
the first charter, and the Northern press t hen
began to notice the movement, claiming
that it should be a national one, in which
the Northern States should aid. Miss Cun-
ningham’s patriotism rose to the occasion.
As she wrote later concerning the first ef-
forts, they failed because “Washington be-
longed not alone to the South"; while, as
she went on to say, the second effort failed
because “the title and power were to be
given to one State, and Washington be-
longed not to one State alone.”

  An invalid, confined to her room, Miss

3Q9
400

The Point of View

Cunningham started the enterprise, found-
ing '‘The Mount Vernon Ladies’ Associa-
tion” in 1853. From first to last she ac-
cepted no failure or rebuff. Nor did she
depend on her pen alone. Was her presence
required at Mount Vernon, to win over Mr.
Washington; at Richmond, to persuade the
legislature; or at Charleston. Philadelphia,
or Washington, to those places she went,
sometimes carried on a bed. A woman of
great intellectual ability and force of char-
acter, she must also have been gifted with
unusual charm; for obstacles, apparently
insuperable, disappeared before her personal
appeal. When she begged Edward Everett
to aid her he found her arguments so con-
vincing that he most generously devoted
the proceeds of his lectures to the cause until
he placed in her hands the sum of sixty-
nine thousand dollars. She persuaded Mr.
Washington to part with Mount Vernon;
she made friends in Richmond, and, in spite
of the opposition of those who warned the
legislature not to be carried out of its
propriety by "sentiment and female witch-
ery,” and the consequent loss of one bill,
another one was entered and carried the
next year. So great had been the wear and
tear of the struggle that, after the victory,
it seemed as if Miss Cunningham might die
before the necessary papers could be signed.
The lawyers and her friends waited in an
anteroom for her to rally from an alarming
attack, and finally the papers were read in
due form, and then, as she describes it in a
letter to a friend: ‘‘A gentlemen knelt be-
side my couch and held the papers for my
signature; my lifeless fingers could hold a
pen but a few moments: could only make
two or three letters at a time.” No wonder
she was in a mental stupor for three weeks.
She roused herself to raise money for resto-
ration and repairs, and early in 1858 issued
the appeal which was the first to be signed
with her own name. Before the work had
progressed very far came the Civil War.
During the war Miss Cunningham was shut
up for the greater part of the time in her
South Carolina home, with heavy burdens
of private affairs on her shoulders, but as
long as she could keep in communication
with the agents whom she had left in charge
at Mount Vernon she continued to guide its
affairs. She directed that a request should
be made of the commanders of both armies
to give a pledge for the safety of Mount

Vernon, and this appeal doubtless had some-
thing to.do with the fact that the spot was
held sacred by both armies.

  When the war was over Miss Cunning-
ham and her vice-regents at once renewed
their efforts to raise money for the restora-
tion and care of the place. Her last great
effort was to obtain an indemnity for the
government use of the Mount Vernon
steamboat during the four years of the war.
She went to Washington and to the Capitol,
and, although she “ had not for twenty years
dared to walk up such a long flight of steps,”
she ventured to do it. She had to climb
those steps six or seven times during the
next ten days. When the senator who was
to introduce the bill told her that he could
do no more; that 110 member of his commit-
tee would consent to ask him to introduce
the bill without further consideration, he
added: “ But you can do it ." She did do it.
He needed three members of the committee
to empower him to act. She selected three
from the list, asked them one by one, and
each one assented immediately to her re-
quest. On another day she went, ill with
fever, to give the necessary information to
enable her friend, the senator, to reply to
the opposition, since every one seemed to be
“as ignorant of an association whose work
had filled the newspapers but a few' years
before as if America had not been the scehe
of action.” And, after all, the bill did not
pass at that time. Again, in February,
1869, she went to Washington, and in March
Congress finally granted the claim, and the
association received seven thousand dollars
with which to repair the desolation at
Mount Vernon. Miss Cunningham’s great
work was done. She kept the regency a
few years longer and then, in 1874, resigned
and, as her biographer says, “left Mount
Vernon with just strength enough to reach
Rosemont," her Carolina estate, where she
died, May i, 1875.

THE constitution of the association
was drawn up by Miss Cunningham.
It provides for “a regent, vice-re-
gcnts, secretary and treasurer, and such
subordinate officers as may be, from time to
time, appointed.” One vice-regent was to
be appointed, “if practicable, from each
State in the Union.” The appointments
are for life and, so far, there have been but
The Point of View

401

 four regents, the last one elected in 1009.
 Under them is a resident superintendent
 who has his assistant superintendent, head
 gardener, and such other officials as are
 needed. The Grand Council, composed of
 the regent and all the vicc-regcnts,
 nims- meets once a year at Mount Ver-
 non, where the ladies remain in
 residence for a fortnight or more, during
 which time they carefully go over all details
 of the care of the place. They have never
 found it necessary to depart from the scheme
 laid down by their first regent. Tn Miss
 Cunningham’s farewell address she said to
 those whom she was leaving: “The Home
 of Washington is in your charge; see to it
 that you keep it the Home of Washington.
 Let no irreverent hand change it; no vandal
 hands desecrate it with the fingers of prog-
 ress! Those who go to the home in which
 he lived and died wish to see in what he
 lived and died. Let one spot in this grand
 country of ours be saved from change!
 Upon you rests this duty.”

   It is in this spirit that Mount Vernon is
 cared for. Everything is dotie to keep it in
 perfect repair, but the repairs are made in
 accordance with the period of the place.
 The visitor secs the finished result—the
 house as Washington lived in it; the garden
 as it was when Mrs. Washington and Nelly
 Custis walked along its paths. He sees
 nothing of the infinity of pains which pro-
 duces this result: the watchful care of the
 mansion and the tomb, the minute attention
 to trees and shrubs, to garden and farm, lo
 roads and drainage, and, finally, the way in
 which the income is helped out by gifts from
 the regents of every manner of thing, from
 furniture and relics within the house to stone
 boundary walls without. And so. not see-
 ing, there are some restless souls who would
 like to change matters.

   It is from the entrance fees that the in-
 come for the care of the estate is derived, an
 income none too large; yet there has been a
 clamor to abolish these fees, and the regents
 have even been grotesquely accused of di-
 viding and pocketing them. Other persons
 have demanded lhat the United Slates Gov-
 ernment deprive the association of its char-
 ter and turn the place into a national park.
 There has been considerable activity in this
 direction during the past year.

   When, in the early days of struggle, Miss
 Cunningham was asked what qualifications

 were necessary for acceptable service on the
 board of regents, the reply was: “The qual-
 ifications needed on the part of a lady are
 that she shall be of a family whose social
 position would command the confidence of
 the State, and enable her to enlist the aid of
 persons of-the widest influence. She must
 be in independent circumstances, as the of-
 fice is not a salaried one, and attending the
 annual meetings would involve some ex-
 pense. She must be able to command con-
 siderable leisure, as the duties will require
 much time until the stipulated funds are
 raised. She should also possess liberal pa-
 triotism, energy of character, cultivation of
 mind, and such a combination of mental
 powers as will insure that she shall wisely
 and judiciously exercise the power of voting
 in Grand Council upon the future guardian-
 ship and improvement of Mount Vernon.”

  This is the standard up to which the re-
gents have always conscientiously tried to
live. Is there any government office which
demands such qualifications? Any person
who knows something of the history of
Mount Vernon since it came into the hands
of the Association is satisfied that its pres-
ent regent speaks nothing more than the
truth when she says that the association
has for more than half a century “main-
tained the high standards that have from
the beginning characterized the manage-
ment of this Mecca of the nation.” And
that "there is no record of failure on the
part of any vice-regent to fulfil these in-
herited obligations.” Where, in our public
service, is there a record equal to this?

  Some one may say that it is an aristocratic
administration. What of it? It is a won-
derful survival of the best traditions of the
early days of the republic, and is itself a
part of the sacred relic wnich Mount Ver-
non is to the nation. In addition, it is in all
probability the sort of administration which
would best please that aristocratic repub-
lican George Washington, and Martha his
wife. Where could their tastes be more ap-
propriately consulted?

IT came to me very clearly the other day
in reading Herodotus that the great
need of our present civilization is for a
Delphic Oracle. We show plainly enough
that we yearn for authoritative utterances
on all such subjects as art, education, poli-
402

The Point of View

ties, and philosophy. We accept final words
almost too docilely when we find them—
and we find them constantly—only they are
so liable to change. It is discouraging to
go so often through the same experience: to
be told an eternal truth, to learn it by
heart, to decide that on this subject
at least we need never again do the
smallest amount of thinking, and then to
find that something entirely different and
even more authoritative has been promul-
gated by the powers that be. There again
is one of our great difficulties. The Powers
That Be! It is not always easy to reach
the critic who knows absolutely the last
fashion in art; or to induce some hermit-
scicntist to tell us what wc ought to be ac-
cepting as scientific truth.

  Fancy how restful it would have been last
winter if we could have sent in a body to a
good dependable oracle and asked: “Is this
Futurist movement in art anything we must
really trouble ourselves about?” or as a
friend of mine would more succinctly put it,
“ Is it any good?” Imagine the amount of
unenlightening discussion that a definite
reply to this question would have spared us.
Can you not fancy a messenger from the
present administration approaching the
pythoness to inquire whether the proceeds
from the income tax would balance the
losses in revenue consequent on the reduc-
tion of the tariff; to say nothing of all the
personal problems of manners and business
and love with which our daily press attempts
to deal with a reasonableness far from con-
vincing? We don’t want to be taken behind
the scenes; we don’t want “the facts set be-
fore us so that we can judge for ourselves.”
We want to be told yes or no.

  Some superficial thinkers will say that
the age lacks faith, and that without faith
an oracle is impossible This is a complete
mistake. The ancients themselves were
sceptical. Nothing could be more scientific
than the spirit in which Crcesus tested the
oracles before he decided to which he would
submit the question of his Persian campaign.
He first sent messengers to all the best-

reeommended oracles. Exactly one hun-
dred days from the time of departure each
messenger was to address the same ques-
tion to the shrine to which be had been ac-
credited: What was the king doing at that
time? Observe that the messengers did
themselves not know the answer. This is
in the style of the Society for Psychical Re-
search at its most rigorous. Probably, at
the time the messengers left Sardis, Crcesus
had not yet decided. He did, however,
manage to think of an unlikely occupation.
He was cooking two different kinds of meat
in a brass vessel with a brass top. Only the
oracles at Delphi and of Amphiaraus were
able to give the correct reply.

  To such simple tests as these our oracle
would of course be subjected; and for my
part, in these days of thought-trar.sference,
I have no doubt the priestess would know
the answer to such a demand as “ What was
I doing a year ago last Easter? " But if her
occult powers should fail her in an emer-
gency, such a reply as “Secretly wishing for
that which once had been yours for the ask-
ing,” or, “'trying in vain to forget what
your heart forever remembers,” would do
very well with nine inquirers out of ten.
And how a few successes would run like
wildfire over the country and be written
up by the daily papers!

  The stage setting would be simple—a
deep cavern in some rocky range preferably
near, but not too near, one of our more fash-
ionable health resorts; a young woman of
pleasing appearance and psychic tempera-
ment; a tripod, and, since a pythoness might
still be regarded as requiring a python, an
amiable snake.

  The more one thinks of it, the more the
prospect opens. For instance, one of the
minor benefits would be the profession of-
fered to a class of people who as things are
find few useful employments open to them
—the overeducated, subtle men and women
too sensitive for drudgery and not robust
enough for creative work. They would be
admirably adapted to act as interpreters of
the oracle’s replies.
•THE FIELD OF ART •

Kock-Ribbcd Hills. I’.y Gardner Symons.

THE APPEAL OF THE WINTER
LAS DSC APE

THE art of the landscape-painter makes
its appeal to the public from two
widely different standpoints—each le-
gitimate in its way ar.d each finding its
source in one of the fundamental and uni-
versal instincts of the human race. The
first and by far the mere usual avenue of
approach is by way of association and sug-
gested sentiment. Helen and John strolling
through the spring academy come upon a
delightful little picture of the woods in June,
with a streamlet meandering through the
open spaces, reflecting here a tree and there
a bit of sky in its limpid mirror. It reminds
them irresistibly of that red-letter day long
ago when they wandered together through
just such a patch of woodland and seated
themselves upon the mossy banks of just
such a delightful little stream; and it recalls
Vol. LV.—42

to them the memorable fact that they came
home hand-in-hand an engaged and blissful
couple.

  Although it means many a small sacrificc
in other ways, they purchase the picture,
and install it in the breakfast-room, where it
will meet their gaze morning after morning.

  There were other canvases which im-
pressed them less favorably—a gray day in
autumn, for instance, which left them op-
pressed with a sense of sadness; and a cer-
tain snow scene which positively made them
shiver.

  They derive genuine pleasure from their
periodic rounds of the picture-galleries—but
their pleasure is purely derivative—the re-
sult of association and suggestion. They
arc very apt to demand anecdotal interest
in a figure picture, and a landscape must re-
call something, or suggest some experience
of their own. Their interest is intellectual

                                       403
404

The Field of Art

rather than artistic. The intrinsic beauty
of the work itself does not suffice.

  It was the Johns and the Helens of this
world who placed Raphael on a pedestal and
kept him there for three hundred years,
while Velasquez and Hals and Rembrandt
and Vermeer remained in outer obscurity
and neglect. In the generation immediately
preceding our own, they did not understand
Turner. Their children did not care much
for Inness and they allowed John Twacht-
man to die unrecognized. Beauty in itself
and by itself made no appeal to them.

  There is another class of picLure-lovers,
however,—smaller, it is true, than the group
to which John and Helen belong, but rapidly
increasing in numbers nevertheless—who de-
mand only of a work of art that it shall be
beautiful. It was they who, some fifty years
ago, rediscovered Velasquez; who, twenty-
live years later, found in the forgotten
corners of the old Dutch galleries certain
pictures by an unknown painter named
Vermeer of Delft, pictures which have now
taken their place among the great master-
pieces of the world. It was they who ac-
claimed Constable and Millet and Corot and
Manet when these great artists were cav-
iare to the vulgar. They possessed the true
vision. They were sensitive to beauty.
They recognized it whenever and wherever
it appeared, and hailed its creators as the
“ masters.”

  Now, just as false standards in art have
frequently dominated humanity for long
periods, so false standards have sometimes
been used for generations in judging nature’s
own beauties; and the decrees rendered
under their influence have been repeated
over and over again until they have become
traditional, and so firmly rooted in the con-
victions and prejudices of the race that even
the artist is affected by them and at times
doubts the verdict of his own vision.

  A good example of one of these false and
misleading world traditions is that which
proclaims the tropical landscape to be na-
ture's supreme effort in the domain of natur-
al out-of-door beauty, and which classes the
landscape of the temperate zone as a very
poor and uninteresting second by compari-
son. Of course the very opposite of this is
true. Any one who has resided long in the
tropics, and who has suffered as I have from
the barbaric riot of tropical color—the howl-
ing greens and blues and reds and yellows

that everywhere afflict the eye in equatorial
regions—understands why the only really
great school of landscape-painting which the
world has ever seen should have grown up
in the misty north. It is not contrast which
makes beauty, but harmony. Contrast is
the joy of the savage; harmony the delight
of the civilized man. The Patagonian stalks
triumphant in a blanket whose alternate
bands are of bright crimson and vivid blue,
but the cultivated man finds his highest a-s-
thetic pleasure in subdued tones of harmoni-
ously blended color. It is at least open to
reasonable doubt if the most vociferous ef-
forts of our post-impressionist brothers will
succeed in wholly destroying our taste for
the work of Whistler and of Botticelli.

  The distinction which is here drawn be-
tween the landscape of the tropics and that
of the temperate zone in my opinion holds
good (if in a somewhat milder degree) when
applied to our own American landscape
under its summer and its winter aspects.
The interest which John and Helen found
in that picture of the woods in summer was
due wholly to association and not at all to
the intrinsic beauty of the picture itself—
for of that the canvas had little or none.

  The crude green of its trees contrasting
with the crude blue of its summer sky made
a color relation that was anything but agree-
able, for blue and green are not complemen-
tary colors, and only when used in attenu-
ated scale and handled by a master like Corot
can they be fused into a true work of art.
This same landscape, however, when man-
tled with snow—its white vistas stretching
away to meet the deep blue of the winter
sky—might easily have furnished the motive
for a work of art of the first order.

  And herein we find the dividing line be-
tween the two points of view above noted.
In the first it is sentiment which counts; in
the second beauty pure and simple. The
first is intellectual; the second visual. The
first would make of the painter a story-teller;
the second demands that he be an artist.

  And it is the growing recognition of the
fact that the true function of art is the
creation of beauty which has turned the
attention of so many of our first landscape-
painters to winter subjects, for there can be
no question that the inclement season of the
year, which is least productive in the material
sense, is by far the most productive in the
artistic sense. Considered in terms of color
The Field of Art

405

and of decorativc line, winter is fai more
beautiful than summer. It would almost
seem as if kindly mother Nature, desiring to
compensate her children for the loss of the
peas and the peaches, had provided them

hundred times a day in response to changcs
in thecolorof the sky—for the sky color is al-
ways the key-note of a snow-scene. And its
response to this color call will invariably be
the complementary color; so subtly stated,

The Old inn at Cos-Cob By Birge Harrison.

with a special feast for the eyes and the
spirit. “But why,” asks Helen, “should
plain white snow be considered more beau-
tiful than the lovelygreen of summer leaves?
A sheet of paper is clean and fresh and pleas-
ant to look upon, but after all it is just white
paper.”

  Ah! There you are! Snow is never white!
It will take on a thousand exquisite and
varied tints—you can exhaust the vocabu-
lary of jewels and of flowers in attempt-
ing to describe them and still leave more than
half unmentioned—but it is never ■white! It is
an instrument upon which Nature plays won-
derful color symphonies, with never a harsh
or a discordant note. It changes color a

however, that to the non-professional eye
the snow will appear to remain a pure and
virgin white.

  If the sky is yellow, as at sunset, l he snow
will reply with a note of exquisite lavender
blue; if the sky is blue, the snow will be deli-
cately yellcw; if the sky is greenish, the
snow will be roseate in hue. I have even
seen it assume an unbelievable tone of crim-
son pink in reply to the call of a violently
emerald sunset sky.

  But snow has still another attribute which
occasionally interrupts and varies the action
of this general law of complementaries. In
a shy and gentle way it reflects adjacent
color-masses much in the same way as water
400

The Field of Art

reflects near-by objects. So that, like a ca-
pricious maiden, the snow is constantly offer-
ing surprises even to the trained expert who
is conversant with her ways and her gen-
eral character. It therefore behooves the
painter to bring each day a fresh and un-
prejudiced vision if he would catch her most
delightful moods.

  At one time it was my unfortunate lot to
reside in the tropics for a period of more
than ten years. When, at last, I came
north again I was frankly fascinated by the
beauty of our New England winter, and es-
pecially when the whole country was trans-
figured and glorified by the white beauty of
the snow. I could not get enough of it, and
like a Saint Bernard dog returning to his
own T rolled in the white drifts for the pure
joy of the thing.

  During my ten wandering years I had
sailed more than once around the world,
visiting almost all of the spots which have
been admired for their rare and special
beauty; yet I found the snow-covered hills
of New England more beautiful than any
of these famous places of the earth.

  Opposite my present home in the Catskills
there rises a wooded and rather featureless
hill, at the foot of which nestles an old Dutch
farmhouse. When it is clothed in its usual
garb of summer green no one would suspect
it of any a-sthetic or artistic possibilities.
But when the snow comcs its climbing pas-
tures suddenly develop a delightful and most
interesting pattern; ;.nd, as its while mass
stands forth against the ringing blue of the
December sky. it makes an ideal motive for
a landscape-painter.

  At sunrise its summit receives the first
rosy kiss of the mounting sun, while all else
sleeps in amethystine shadow. At noonday
it rises pale and beautiful through I he sunny

winter haze—a symphony in mother-of-
pearl. At twilight it looms a mass of ultra-
marine and turquoise against a sky of palest
amber; and under the ghostly light of the
December moon it floats a dream mountain
of faintest blue against the deeper blue of
the midnight sky. 1 have painted it six
times under as many different effects, and I
shall probably paint it as many t^mes again.
Every one of these pictures of “the hill” has
been sold at its first public exhibition, and I
am convinced '.hat were 1 to make a picture
of the hill in summer it w'ould go the weary
rounds of the exhibitions for years unsold
and undesired—if, indeed, it were ever ac-
cepted by the exhibition juries.

  No one certainly would find any touch of
beauty in its crude blue-and-green contrasts.
Even John and Helen would pass it by, as it
has no possible human or anecdotic interest
to feature it—to pull it out of the slough.

  But our American winter landscape is
paintable even when devoid of its white
mantle of snow. The general color of the
woods and the fields is a tender russet-yel-
low enlivened with a brilliant touch of rose
or orange here and there. This, of course,
makes a delightful color harmony against
a sky that has in it the faintest tint of crys-
tal-green, drawn over an ashes-of-roses un-
derground. Indeed, at this season it is just
about as difficult to find a picture motive
which is not beautiful in color and harmo-
nious in line as it is in midsummer to dis-
cover one which has these qualities. But
after all it is the snow which gives to our
winter landscape its greatest beauty; and
the frequency with which snow-scenes are
now appearing in the annual exhibitions is
due to the fact that our landscape-painters
have discovered this cardinal truth.

Bikce Harrison.
LEADERS OF FASHION

HTHE question, “Who makes the
styles?” is generally countered
with that other question, “What
is style ?”

  Nevertheless there has always
been in all the various worlds—or
to use the French word, “Mondes”
—some one authority or group of
authorities creating the style to
which all the world ultimately sub-
scribes. Then that style, at first
exclusive, becomes more and more
general, until at last it becomes so
general that it ceases to be the
style at all. In the meantime these
autocratic authorities have created
a new style, which in the same
way runs its course.

  In the days when the horse
was a useful beast of burden,
as well as a smart fashion, and
whenknowingones prescribed
the style for the horse, the
harness, the whip, the seat and

the fittings, there grew up a great
many things—some valuable and
attractive and some merely arbi-
trary—which were the fashion for
the horse, the equipage, and the
road.

  Today we have a new world—the
monde of the automobile—growing
rapidly—far too rapidly to give full
consideration to its own code, but
nevertheless developing one with
or without consideration. But
young as is the designing, building
and driving of automobiles, it is
already apparent that there is a dis-
tinct fashion,or somethingbetween
a fashion and an ideal, having
more or less influence on all
cars, and on everything related
to them, and that that influ-
ence is exerted, as far as it
has yet been expressed, in
and by the motor cars known
as Pierce-Arrow.

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

36-1
                      Whoever rides or walks on crowded avenues
                    where motor cars congregate can pick out a
                    Pierce-Arrow Car without an instant’s hesitation.
                    Of course the sophisticated ones know all cars at
                    sight, but everyone recognizes the Pierce-Arrow.
                    It is recognized, not so much by its distinctive-
                    ness as by the distinction of that distinctiveness.

Each year there has been in the Pierce-Arrow
Car some one thing that differentiated it from
other cars—a something recognized at sight by
everyone to be as attractive and appropriate to a
motor car as a smart gown or coat is becoming to a beautiful woman.

These things, which for a season are
the peculiar and exclusive ear-marks of
the Pierce-Arrow Car, become the fol-
lowing year the fashion of the auto-
building world. The characteristic
Pierce-Arrow lamp of three years ago,
the arched door of two years ago, the
window lights with no frame to obstruct
the field of vision of last year, and the
searchlights on the mud-guards today,
are but a few of these features which
were so innately appropriate and appeal-
ing, and were recognized so promptly
by the motor followers as the hall-mark
of a smartly appointed car, that it be-
came necessary for other makers to
use them to prove that their product
belonged in the world of smartly ap-
pointed cars.

The reason why the Pierce-Arrow
Car can produce such things is because

36-2

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER
of the ideal that prevails in the factory where the
Pierce-Arrow Car is built.

  It wa9 long ago recognized that no car would ever
reach the topmost position in the estimation of the
motor world unless it developed artistically as well as
mechanically. The Pierce-Arrow is something more / ' I I I
than a successful machine. It is a successful work of	' ' j

art, in the same way that a Sargent or a Saint Gaudens
is a successful work of art. The Pierce-Arrow motor N. . //
is science ; the Pierce-Arrow body is art—beauty cloth-
ing utility.

  Nature’s great masterpiece—man—is made in the same way. The

skeleton of a human being is a wonder-
ful machine. In it is found an applica-
tion of every principle of mechanics.
But wonderful as it is in its utility, it is
ugly in its reality. Nature then clothed
it with flesh, with the body, which per-
mits of graceful lines—lines suggest-
ing strength, poise, endurance, speed,
rest—idealizing the practical skeleton
underneath.

  So the Pierce-Arrow body surrounds
the Pierce-Arrow engine, transmission,
clutch—all the necessary, ugly but effi-
cient machines that make the car what
it i9. And this body has not been an
illegitimate descendant from the old
coach builders; it has been created out
of its use and its environment, created
by artists, and every now and then
the artists working upon this body find
the ncccssity for some individual ex-

SCRIBHER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

36-3
ing the motor car broad between
the eyes. Do not set these things
down as being hair-splitting. By
just such methods—by the sound
progress of art resting securely
upon utility—all the great things
of the world have been produced.
In this spirit the creation of every
part—always creation, never imita-
tion—finding the car’s own reason
for development within itself—has

pression—some flowering of their
inspiration in designing that body
—and this flowering finds its real-
ization in the perfectly propor-
tioned lines of the Pierce-Arrow
lamp, which is so adapted to a car
that carries the six-sided motif in
all its metal work; finds expres-
sion in the arched door because
the taste of the artist demands
the breaking of that long line of
top; finds expression in the wider
space separating the searchlights
and giving them added dignity as
well as utility.

  The utility gives a safe
foundation for the beauty—
the utility of having the
lamps cover a wider area
of light, the beauty of hav-

produced the Pierce-Arrow Car,
a machine of such great utility to
its owners and of such aesthetic
beauty in itself, that it is the leader
of the aulo-monde, the cre-
ator of motor fashions, the
ideal and the model for the
7 visual expression of the mo-
tor car of today.

SCRIBNER'S MMMZINC AOVERTISER
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISE!:

 ier in the
 Room

 OlNfc. corncr, at least, of the
 well-arranged Living Room
 may be consecrated to the service
 of "mere man."

   Only at the Hampton Shops
 is one likely to find such char-
 acteristic examples of Georgian
 Mahogany as the comfort-com-
 pelling Chair, the capacious Read-
 ing Table or the Tall Clock
 whose qLaintly fashioned hands
 mark the tranquil flight of the
 hours of leisurely case.

    Our Furniture is to be seen
 only in our New York Galleries.
 Write us lor our interesting book,
 handsomely illustrated with etch-
 ings, "The House and its Plcnish-

ln answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRlBXER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

ARROW SHIRTS

 ANY new shirt looks good,but beauty in a shirt
±\. does not necessarily mean service. The Arrow
label marks the shirt that combines style and service.
It is your guarantee that the garment is made of
durable, color-fast fabrics, in such a careful, thorough
way that its makers depend upon Red Label $L50
its good qualities to sell you Black ” $2.00
another shirt with the same label. Blue $2.50to$i0.00

CLUETT, TEABODY & CO., Inc., Mahers vf ARROW COLLARS, TROY, N. Y.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S M AG AZIN F
»ini:«nmitl<in» miiiihi

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

39

Homer and Gluck on the Victrola
entertaining Homer and Gluck in real life

    Hearing themselves on the Victrola is the only way for these
two great artists to really hear themselves—the only way the vast
majority of people can hear them.

    And no one could desire a better way. If these artists came
into your home you couldn’t hear them to better advantage, for
their Victor Records embody both their art and their personalities.

    You have only to hear one of their Victor duets to realize that
here are Homer and Gluck.

  The delightful "Whisper-
ing Hope” duet by Homer
and Gluck (Victor Record
87107) is a charmingly beauti-
ful rendition, and any Victor
dealer will gladly play it for
you.

   Victo’*-Virtrnt:»s 515 10 ?200.
.Victors S10 to SI00.

•^Victor Talking Machine Co.

: Camden, N. J., U. S. A.

ll Bet’.met Gramophone Co.. Montreal
Can jJtan Dir.nbutotn

                                                            jMDtav/ooo*

                                                   &UHDfcGWGOD

New Victor Records demonstrated at all dealers on the 28th of each month

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
4'.'	SCRIBNER'S hi A G. IZ1NE A D VERTI3ER

THE hostess is freed from untold embarrassment and
the mental comfort of the guest has had thoughtful
consideration in the home where the noiseless
SI-WEL-CLO Closet has been properly installed. The flush-
ing of it cannot be heard outside of its immediate environ-
ment. Its sanitary features are perfect. CL Si-wel-clo Closets
are made of Trenton Potteries Company Vitreous China,
beautiful in appearance, pure white all through, impervious
to acids and grease, and as easy to clean as a china plate.
C. If you are planning to build or remodel, ask your archi-
tect or plumber about Trenton Potteries Company products.
CL Send now for our booklet, “Bathrooms of Character.
You will value its suggestions on bathroom planning.

 Bathrooms

THE TRENTON
POTTERIES COMPANY

Trenton, N. J., U.S.A.

   Character

   /.trrgtsf Mann/aelurtr.c cf
   Sanitary Pottery in the U.S.A.

 sent on request

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Spirit of Service

WHEN the land is storm-swept,
when trains are stalled and roads
are blocked, the telephone trouble-
hunter with snow shoes and climbers
makes his lonely fight to keep the
wire highways open.

  These men can be trusted to face
hardship and danger, because they
realize that snow-bound farms, homes
and cities mast be kept in touch with
the world.

  This same spirit of service animates
the whole Bell telephone system. The
linemen show it when they carry the
wires across mountains and wilderness.
It is found in the girl at the switchboard
who sticks to her post despite fire or
flood. It inspires the leaders of the

telephone forces, who are finally re-
sponsible to the public for good service.

  This spirit of service is found in the
recent rearrangement of the telephone
business to conform with present pub-
lic policy, without recourse to courts.

  The Bell System has grown to be
one of the largest corporations in the
country, in response to the telephone
needs of the public, and must keep
up with increasing demands.

  However large it may become, this
corporation will always be responsive
to the needs of the people, bccausc it is
animated by the spirit of service. It has
shown that men and women,co-operat-
ing for a great purpose, may be as good
citizens collectively as individually.

American Telephone and Telegraph Company
And Associated Companies

One Policy	One System	Universal Service

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
42

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

The Howard Watch

IN higher railroad circles there
is a very natural ambition to
carry a watch that is not
merely Railroad Standard, but a
standard for railroad watches.

  It is well known that Railroad Officials
and the higher grades of Trainmen show a
marked preference for the HOWARDWatch.

  But there is also among the rank and file a sur-
prising number who have the wholesome
ambition to own a Howard, and who make it a
point to get one, even at the cost of some self-
sacrifice.

In America, as nowhere else, the typical rail-
road president, corporation executive, head of an
industry or a business house, is the man who
has made his way up from the ranks.

And it is often the man in the ranks, impelled
by his self-respect, his professional spirit, and his
ambition for tie better things of his calling, who
saves to get a Howard.

A Howard Watch ia always worth wliat
you pay for it.

The price of each watch is fixed at the factory
and a printed ticket attached—from the 17-jewel
(double roller) in a Crescent Extra or Boss Extra
gold-filled case at $40, to the 23-jewel in 18K
gold case at S170 — and the Edward Howard
model at $350.

          Not every jeweler can sell you 3 HOWARD Watch. Find the HOWARD jeweler
       in your town and talk to him. He is a Rood man to know.

           Admiral SiRsbee has written a little book." The Lor of the HOWARD Watch,” RivinR
        the record of his own HOWARD in the U. S. Navy. You'll enjov it. Drop us a nost card.

        Dept. K. and we'll send you a copy.

E. HOWARD WATCH WORKS

BOSTON, MASS.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

43

A Quiet Little Spread.

     Nothing has more charm for college girls than the very exclusive little
 spreads enjoyed in their rooms at night, and they tell us they serve

 on these occasions because it can be made into a great variety of ju£t such
 dainty dishes as they like best, and “ anybody can fix it in a minute."

      For big dinners and for little spreads Jell-O is alike suitable.

     It can be made into so great a variety of dishes that one for any occasion
 can be prepared from it.

     A beautiful new Recipe Book, with brilliantly colored pictures by Rose
 Cecil O’Neill, author and illustrator of “The Kewpies,” will be sent free to all
 who write and ask us for it.

      There are seven Jell-O flavors, all pure fruit flavors, as follows: Strawberry,
 Raspberry, Lemon, Orange, Cherry, Peach, Chocolate.

     10 cents a package at any grocer’s or any general store.

THE GENESEE PURE FOOD CO.. Le Roy, N. Y.. and Bridgcburs, Can.

The name Jell-0 is on every package in big red letters. If it isn’t there,
it isn’t Jell-O.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE
44	SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

• COUPON •

Arts & decoration.

39 West 32nd Street, New York City

Enclosed find 51.00. Kindly send "Art* Dccoration*
for four months, and "Houses for Town or Country."

Name—■— ---- —— - —	-—

Address.—----

Special Offer

In order that you may immediately be-
come acquainted with the value of Arts
& ‘Dccoralion, we will enter your name
for a four months' trial subscription and
send you Houses for Town or Country if
you will send us $1.00 now. the price
of the magazine alone.

 Arts & Decoration

               The only magazine which adequately deals with
               the possibilities of decorative art, and which fully
               illustrates all phases of house decoration. Each
               number contains one or more articles on a dis-
               tinctive house having some unique decorative fea-
               ture. as well as numerous other profusely illustrated
               articles on the various phases of art which are
               of essential interest to all lovers of the beautiful.

                 $3.00 a year.

  Houses for Town or Country

                 is published at $2.00, and is full of valuable sug-
                 gestions, illustrations and plans for everyone
                 wishing a distinctive home. The following titles
                 of some of the chapters give an idea of the scope
                 of the book. "American Architecture of Today";

             "The House for All the Year"; “The Living
             Room"; "The Dining Room"; “The American
             Country Estate," etc. The book is illustrated by
             over one hundred illustrations exquisitely printed
             on super-calendered paper.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

44.i

I

W .Fifth. ^

Uf Avenue f

From Mad is on Square to Central Parte

                          Tliere are many parts
                          of New York that a
                          New Yorker never
                          sees. There is one
                          district that he must
                          see every day or two,
                          or lie feels that some-
                          thing is distinctly
                          lacking. It is Fifth
                          Avenue.

Occasionally you hear
a Manhattanite
proudly boast lhat he
has visited the Aqua-
rium or Ellis Island or
Chinatown. It soon

develops that lie was
showing the city to a
maiden auut.

Since 1648 the house of
Maillard has enjoyed an en-
viable reputation: and the
secret lies simply in the aim
and policy consistently fol-
lowed — maintaining abso-
lute purity, unvarying high
quality, and distinctive ex-
cellence in every Maillard
product. The name of
Maillard carries its own sig-
nificance in all that pertains
to confections.

    Maillard Cardies packet1 In
    French Bonbonnieres (Exclusive
    Importation1 or Fancu Boxes to
    order, and, when requested,
    made ready far safr delivery to
    all parti of the world.

But he speaks of “The
Avenue" as a part of
his daily life. There
is a curious attraction
about Fifth Avenue
an attraction felt quite
us much by Ne w
Yorkers as by those
who are visiting New
York.

Why go to Paris for
the latest styles? — the
©ibbinQ; Establishment
brings Parisian styles to
you. as diredly and as
individually as YOU
could bring them.

"It is not easy for a
visiting stranger in
New York to get away
from Fifth Avenue."
wrote Arnold Bennett
after his recent trip to
this country. "The
street seems to hold
him f ast. The re
might almost as well
be no other avenues."

     pjt/ijflvcnm
     at ^/Street

" The French Shop of America "

564-566-568 Fifth Avenue
New York

That is why a New
Yorker says "The
Avenue, ” and no one
makes hiui stop to ex-
plain which Avenue he

P»m Wiihingion ■ Gnciniuti

<y m ns'r ore nifinnM
44b	SCRIBNER'S MACA/.INE ADVERTISER

FIFTH-AVENUE

- From Madison Square to Central Park.

Ritz-Carlton

Hotel & Restairrant

Madison Ave. at 46thSt.
J'Tezuyork,

 The Hotel with an in-
 ternational reputation,
 distincftive in every re-
 sped. under the same
 direction and manage-
 ment as that of the fa-
 mous Ritz-Carlton group
 of Hotels in Europe.

Lichtenstein
Millinery
Company

 are now showing advance
 SPRING importations
 of Qowns, tailored Suits,
 .‘Tjlousas,brimmed JXCillinery
 etc.

584 Fifth Avenue

bet. 47 th £?48*h Sts.
TYewyork.

means. Everyone
knows that lie means
Fifth A veil ue.

What is there about
Fifth Avenue that
raises it above Sixth
Avenue or Tenth
Avenue or Sceon d
Avenue? Why does a
New Yorker tire of
Broadway and its
theatres. Wall Street
and its counting-
houses. <>f Sixth
Avenue and its roar-
but never of Fifth
Avenue?

Because of the char-
acter of its shops.
Every thoroughfare
has something of a per-
sonality, luil the per-
sonality of Fifth
Avenue is as attract-
ive as that of a hand-
some woman.

II ere all t In- N e w
World comes to buy.
II ere all the N'ew
World and the Old
omne to sell. Here
Dame Fashion, that
fi-kle arbiter, stamps
her approval and the
country follows.

The instinct of adorn-
ment is as old as the
human race. Fifth
Avenue, a generation
ago. was the home of
the most tastefully
dressed people in this
country.

I s inheritance from
this past generation is
the atmosphere that
obtained in those days.
To-day it is the super-
lative expression of
I lie nation's most dis-
criminating taste in
adorning its people
and its homes.

 READY-TO-WEAR AND
 MADE-TO-ORDEK OUT-
 FITS. FOK NURSES AND
 MAIDS. IN ORIGINAL AND
 IMPORTED DESIGNS
 THAT ARE CORRECT
 FOR HOUSE OK STREET

N U K S E S
OUTFITTING
ASSOCIATION

 450 FIFTH AVENUE
 NEAK 40TH ST NEW YORK

 Corre<fl Social Usage
     Stationery
     Engraving

  Wedding Invitations. Announce-
  ments. Church and Reception
  Cards, (.'ailing Cards, Menu
  and Dinner Cards Monograms,
  Crests, Coats of Arms, Book
  Plates and Address Dies. (Sam-
  ples of Engraving sent on re-
  quest.) Q Writing Papers (Im-
  ported and Domestic).

  The latest requirements in nit Hint
  pertains to polite custom anil usagr

 BRENTANO’S
 Fifth Ave fif ii th S t
 New York ■

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

45

Can be played on
your disc machine
no matter what make

6S cents each is the price of a full
thousand ten inch Columbia Double-
Disc Records—quality, tone, repro-
duction and durability unexcelled and
so guaranteed to you. Other Colum-
bia records all the way up to $7.50.
Ask for catalogs.

DANCE

ir you think you have danced to the
ln-st dance music that your talking
machine can product’, have your dealer
play any one of these; — any dealer
should be able to supply them, and
errry Columbia dealer certainly has
them ready now. TANGOS. If you
can keep your feet still when you hear
them you are music proof. A-M63-10
inch. 0or.-. A-U00-10 inch, fi'ic.
A-5526-12 inch SI.00. ONE STEPS
AND TURKEY TROTS. Full i.Mlie
rhythm and spirit of the dance itself.
A-1307-10 incu. 05c. A-549C-12 inch.
81.00. A-1458-10 inch, 65c. BOSTON
AND HESITATION WALTZES.
You will never lie too tired when these
waltzes are played. A-5494-12 inch.
$1.00; A-5525-12 inch. $1.00; A-1160-
10 Inch. 65c.

f	ColiinMa

/,'•? w	{'201 W wol worth

/v. ' •	Bide.. V" Yuri

*	2* CcnlK F.nrlo»f<d

y^	Scml me your itsr« ;;

<— m	Sample rec«*nl with ’ C.ood-

      .O w Night, LittleC.irl. Good*
      k _ Nijfh!" on one sMearnl «he musi-
      w cal experiment on the other. Anti
      eiv** me the mine of the nearest
      Columbia dealer.

I own a..... . .. . . . . ni«ctifoc

The Columbia Grafonola "Favorite" $50

Favorite in name and favorite in fact.
Other Columbia Orafonolas from 825
to $500.

Columbia Graphophone Co.

New York. Box C207. Wool worth Bldg. A.
Toronto. 365-367 Sorauren Are.

Prices in Cunndu plus duty. / '

 N’ame
 Adtl rev*

In answer ine advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
ORSFORD’S
Plants

 Cold

Weather

and Flower Seeds that Crow

  Flowering Plants, Shrubs, Trees, Vines, Wild
Flowers, Hardy Ferns, Lilies, eic.—for sun and for
shade. Raised in the rigorous climate of Vermont.
Will thrive in the cold north or the sunny south.
Get our new catalog before placing your spring
orders—we have just what you need. Write today.
F. H. HORSFORD.	Charlotte, Vt.

SweetPeas

Six “Superb
Spencers”

 O e - we will
 mall one

             For

                        15-ccnt packet of Bur-
               ’s Orchid, the most beaui-
               r ful hello-mauve: onu regular
               •' 10-cent pr.cket (40 to SO seeds) each
               of Beatrice Spencer, deep pin*:
               Geokck Herbert, rosy carmine:
               Mrs. C. W. Breadmore. cream
               edged rose: Stirling Stent, best

               glowing salmon-orange; also ore

                  large packet (90 to 100 seeds) of The
          New Burpee Blend of Surpass-
          ingly Superb Spencers for 1914,
          which is absolutely untqualed. With
          each collection wp pnrlosp nur T.eaflrf
          onculturc. Purchased separately, those
          B six packets would cost 65 cents.

Burpee’s Annual

 Known as the leading American seed catalog—this
 bright book o( 182 pages for 1914 Is better than ever
 before. Itismailedfrecuponapplication. Write for
 it today and name Scribntr’s Magazine.

W. ATLEE BURPEE & CO.

Burpee Buildince, Philadelphia

SHADE
ROLLERS

Original and uneaualei.
Wood or tin rollers. "Improved"
requires no larks, lnvprmr'*
signature on genuine:

How to Know the Wild Flowers

By FRANCES THEODORA PARSONS

With 40 colored plates and new black-and-whitc
Drawings, enlarRcd, rewritten and entirely reset
Crown 8vo. $2.00 net

CHARLES SCRIBNER'S SONS

NEW YORK

Henry A.Dreer

714 Chestnut St.Phila.

     HE amateur will find just the
information needed to make
his garden a success—over one
hundred clear, cor.cisc, dependable
cultural instmctions for growing al-
most every flower and vegetable
worth bothering with.

  The list of worthy novelties and
old favorites is complete and de-
pendable. Especially important are
the sections devoted to Roses and
Dahlias, The collection of Hardy
Perennials is the largest in America.
Selected strains of standard vege-
tables and flowers,

Mailed free to anyone mentioning
tit is •n.t^asine.

   ORFFR'S SIIPFRR ASTFRR—Thr

   finc>t strain, either (or garden
   decoration or cutting. Packets
   contain seed to producc more
   than one hundred plants. Made
   up of eight beautiful colors.
   Ten cents per packet. DRECR'S
   SAROEN BOOK with each order.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
BUILDING-FURNISHING	«

NAT CO

HOLLOW TILE

                   HTHE determination to build
            *■ fireproof should be formed
            with the very first thought of
            S* building at all.

                No plans should be gone into, even
              tentatively, that do not contemplate
              construction of

Fireproof, age-proof, damp-proof. Vermin-proof; warmer in Winter, cooler in Summer

All classes of buildings are open to Natco fireproof construc-
tion. The different forms of Natco blocks extend its utility
to the entire structure—floors, partitions, roofs and walls.

Natco construction involves essential advantages beside
that of fire safety. Natco Hollow Tile never deteriorates in
any degree in any climate, no matter what the weather
or how long the building stands. With the insulation of its
air chambers, it nullifies the effect of outside upon inside
temperature.

      The genuine Natco Hollow Tile is always to
      be distinguished from its imitations by the
      trademark “Natco” pressed into every block.

Before defining your building plans, send for our 64-page handbook, "Fireproof Houses."
fully describing, wiih illustrations. every detail and phase of Nalco consiruciion. Coniains
80 photographs of Nalco buildings. Mailed anywhere for 20 cents lo cover postage.

    NATIONAL FIRE ■ PRGDHNG- COMPANY

Dept. D	Offices in all Principal Cities PITTSBURGH, PA.

                  Organized 1889	-

Write today

In answering advertisements hlense mention SCRIRNF.R’S M ACA7INF
«_	_BUILDING-FURNISHING

           i r i.- i— Kv

SPRING PLANTING

Bobbink & Atkins

 Let a

 Davey Tree
 Expert
 Examine
 your tree*
 now

                                          OTI mrf\ IN BEAUTIFUL FORM. Mr. E. S. Child Architect, announce, a
                                          £ UvvU n*'w ^°°*t dciicru lor 1014. rntitlrd "STUCCO HOUSES." It

 ideals.

shows artistic, original and beautiful plans with vivid European
There is a real demand in America for homes built of ihis durable and fireproof

ireprool

                                                       material, and this book shows perspectives which are different Irom the plain, cold and
                                                       forbidd ng shapes sometimes seen. It shows onc-ciRhth Kale drawings of the floor plans,
                                                       and large clearly drawn plates of the exteriors. Price $5. bu express prepaid.

                                                  Alsc. "COLONIAL HOUSES." vith new designs lor 1914. showing perspectives and
                                                  floor plans in that ever-pleasing style. Price, $2,tu exprc.ss (repaid.

                                           Address E. S. CHILD. Architect, Room 1014, 29 Broadway, New York City

My book is the story of a garden

                            —a boy's hardy garden at first—today great wonderful fields of
                            beautiful Irises, glorious Peonies, gay Phloxes,dazzling Orien-
                            tal Poppies—and all the other old lovable hardy plants which
                            are the hearts of every true garden. I want every reader of
                            Scribner's who cares for hardy plants to have a copy of this book

             FARR’S HARDY PLANT SPECIALTIES

                            If you care for plants you must grow hardies, and hardy plants,
                            to be the best, must be FARR'S. The book is sent free on request.

                       BERTRAND H. FARR

109 Garlield Avenue

 WyomissinR. Pa.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

WORLD'S CHOICEST Nt'RSEHY AN'DOREEXHOl'SE PRODUCTS

RUTHERFORD, NEW .TERSEY

Set your mind at rest about your trees. Expert examinations without
charge. If your trees need no retention, you want to know it; if they do, you
ought to know it. Winter storms may have started serious trouble. Davey Tree
Surgeons only are good enough for tlieU. S. Government. If you

want real Tree Surgery, it must be Davey Tree Surgery. Representatives
carrying credentials available everywhere. Write today for beautiful free hook.
THE DAVEY TREE EXPERT CO., Inc.. 33U Elm SI rod, Kent, Ohio.

£r,i)n>es, with telephone tonntttiont: Sew J ~cr£. Pi: il/'; ta, Chicago, Moiitrcnl, S<>>: Francisco.

In our 300 acres of highly cultivated Nursery Land we are grow-
ing Nursery Pi oduuts for Everybody and suitable for all parts of
the Country. We shall be glad to have intending purchasers visit
our Nursery and inspect the quality of stock we grow, or sub-
mit their lists of wants for Spring Planting.

THE FOLLOWING PLANTS ARE AMONG OUR SPECIALITIES

ROSES. We have several hundred thousand Rose plants
that will bloom Ihis year. Order at once to avoid disippoint-
meni.

ORNAMENTAL SHADE TREES AND FLOW-
ERING SHRUBS. Many thousands can be seen growing

in our Nursery.

HARDY OLD-FASHIONED FLOWERS, PEO-
NIES AND IRIS. Seversl acres of our Nursery ar: exclu-
sively devoted to their culture.

HEDGE PLANTS. We grow a large quantity of Cilifornia
Privet, Berberis and other Hedge Plants.

EVERGREENS, CONIFERS AND PINES. Many
acres of our Nursery are planted with them. All are balled and
burhpped and have splendid ivol system.

RHODODENDRONS, KALMIAS and other large-
leaved Evergreens. We are growing in large quantities. •
BOXWOOD. We grow thousands cf plants in many shapes
and sizes.

HARDY TRAILING AND CLIMBING VINES.

We grow them For every place and purpose.

BAYTREES, PALMS and other plants for Conservato-
ries, interior and exterior decorations.

TRAINED, DWARF AND ORDINARY FRUIT
TREES AND SMALL FRUITS. We grow these for
Fruit Gardens and Orchards.

PLANT TUBS, WINDOW BOXES, ENGLISH
GARDEN FURNITURE, AND RUSTIC WORK.

Vt'e iiiiinutauuic all shapes and sues.

        OUR WONDERFUL NEW HYBRID GIANT FLOWERINC MARSHMALLOW. Evcrybjdy should
        be interested in this hardy new old-fashioned flower. Il is perfecily hardy and will grow everywhere.

Nt HsiiiivMK.v, Florists ani> 1’i.anteks

Our Landscape Department is at	_ / \	Our Netv Illustrated General Catalog No. 80

     your service	_ Co ..	..	describes the above
BUILDING-FURNISHING	«

DO you realize the possibilities for comfort and luxury to
    be had in the modern bathroom?

     For instance, here is a new shower which utilizes an odd
 bathroom corner. When the shower is in use the water is
 kept within bounds by a plate glass door, and the temperature
 of the water is quickly tested by an entirely new device.

Hundreds of other bathroom comforts and utilities arc made by us.

     To show you what can be done, read our 80-page book, “Modern
 Plumbing,” before committing yourseif on bathroom equipment. Sent on
 receipt of 4c. to cover postage.

Our special shower bath catalog will be sent free on request.

THE J. L. MOTT IRON WORKS

ti'.'S u/oi/ry-st.Y veaks of supkhmacv mu
Fifth Avenue Sc 17th Street, New York Works at Trenton, N. J.

BRANCHES:

Button	Chicago	Philadelphia	Detroit	Denver	San Francisco	Indianapolis

Pittsburgh Minneapolis Clevel.md	Atlanta	Washington St. Loui*	Kansas City

                   Seattle	Portland (Ore.)	Salt I .ake city

CANADA: Mott Company, Limited, 107 t'uum Trust Building, Winnipeg. 134 Bleery. Street, Montreal, One.

In answering advertisements Mease mention SCRTRJVFl?’C Mdr.a 71 mit
B U/LDING—FURNISHING

   You can tell who sleeps on
 the Ostermoor. His step is brisk
 because it is the result of resr,
 sleep — nature’s conserver of
 energy. Each night he is thank-
 ful to go to his Ostermoor for the
 good hours of comfort it gives.

Ostermoor

Mattress ^15.

    Ostermoor iMattresses don’t lump,
 don’t mat, don’t seam nor retain
 body hollows like inferior stuffed
 mattresses, for the reason that
 Ostermoors are“built—not stuffed.”
 Thus Ostermoors have elasticity.
 Their layers are. proof against
 moisture; and dust can’t lodge in
 them or vermin populate.

Send for that FREE Book
“The Test of Time”

  It is generously illustrated—it has H4 pages—costs noth-
  ing— teachcs lots obout c!c?p comfort. You can steep,
  loot Mattress will be sent to you, express prepaid, same

day wegct yourcheck

MATTRESSES COST SSSSySSFte'E

     Express Prepaid	lumed without qucs-

4 (t. 6 in. wide by 6 It. i in. lone— 'i0" if J"*?®?? “

  A.C. A. Tickint. 45 lbs......515.00 , „cnd of 30L ““V*-

 , .	,, .. tn Mattresses pocked :n

  SlUn Finish Tickme. 45 lbs.... 16.50 leatherette paper nr,d
  Mercerized Art Twills. 45 lbs. 18.00 burlup. Fully pr<>-

  Special Hotel Style, 50 lbs...... 23.00 tected. Trade mark

  Extra Thick French EJgc. 60lbs.30.00 is on end of tfcnuinc.
  Special Imperial Kdee, 60 lbs.. 35.00
  Ex. Thick Imperial Ed*e.70 lbs. 45.00
  Imperial Double Stitchcd

  French Roll. 80 lbs............ 55.00

  Mattresses in two parts. 50c extra.

  Smaller sizes cost SI less each tize.

OSTERMOOR & CO.. 108 Elizabeth St., New York

CftttdlaD AjfBcj: AlMkfc F«Mt«r «r. 1 Imd C» , Ltd., M.lIicjI

Reduce the Cost of Living

 by equipping your home with a scientifically constructed
 sanitary refrigerator, which prevents waste of food
 through spoilage, tainting and souring.

McCray
Sanitary Refrigerator

  has n perfect circulation of pure. cold, dry » r that keeps foods fresh,
  healthful, and free from taint. Its scientific insulation economizes ice.
  Sanitary, easily clcuncd liningn of opal kIob®— porcelain, white enamel
  or odorless white wood. A jjreat variety of stock sizes ready for
  immediate ohiprocnt. Aloo built to order lor any purpoio.

Send for the Catalog

 No 91 Regular Size* for Residences No 69 For Grocers
 No. SO For Hotels. Clubs and Institutions No. 7S For Florist*

No. All ItuiU-t'j-Order for Reaidenccs No. 60 For Meat Markets

 McCray Refrigerator Co., 689 Lake St., Kendallville, Ind.
 CHICAGO-158 N. Wabuh Art. NEW YORK—McCray Bids., 7-9 W. 30th St

For branchSalctroom* in lour City See Yo-tr Telephone Directory

LITERALLY ILLUSTRATED.

 She smiled as she caught his rueful eye.

hi answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
BUILDING FURNISHING

        Picks Up
        Threads

            Those persistent little threads
 and ravelings lhat cling to the
 ^	carpet as though related,scraps

 X It; ' and litter of every kind—all
 . \ K yield quickly and easily to the
 lifting action of Rissell’s revolv-
 ing brush when other methods
 fail.

BIS SELL’S

 “Cyco" BALL BEARING

 Carpet Sweeper

  is light, easy to use, and requires
  no other handling than the mere
  pressing of a /ever to empty the
  pans. It is entirely self-adjusting
  and automatic. The Bissell is pre-
  eminent as the practical sweeping de-
  vice for daily and hourly use. An
  extra sweeper for upstairssavessteps.
  At dealers’ everywhere.

Prices, 82.75 to $5.75
Let us mail you the booklet—

       4 Easy. Economical. Sanitary
       Sweeping. ‘'

        Bissell Carpet Sweeper Co.
        Grand Rapida, Mich.

         WE SWEEP
            THEWORLD"

 A dollars worth of
 Seeds <m5 Helpful Catalog

The largest dahlia growers jn rlic world want

every copy of the limited edition of their
handsome. ne*v catalog to go to a known
flower lover. To avoid curiosity inquiries,

  they offer III paelcts of fine seeds, worth
  more than a dollar, for 25 cents. One r>ackct
  each of finest varieties of Double Duhlh*
  (mixed): Cartua Dahlia** (mixed!: Sloale
  ' Dublin* imixedV, new d wart Cosmos" Dawn".
  Truffant’s French Asler*; double Larkspur
  •Rocket*'; choice mixed Xnaturtlums; Vrrbeno; double
  Zinnia: new .Mnrlitolds; Srarb-t Sag*; and 4‘orktromb and
  1 Cornflower. Flowers continuously till frost tom ft.

Sent prepaid for 25c (send stamps or coin..

The supply Ih limited—art at onco!

DAVID HERBERT St SOX. Box 231, ATt‘0, N. J. —

 “You remember that practical joke Jones once
 played on Robinson ? ”

 “ No—was it a success ? ”

 “ Lord, yes! They haven't spoken since.”

   Reed & Barton

Established 1824

Taunton	Massachusetts

Represented at

  Fifth Ave. and 3 2d St. 4 Maiden Lane. New York
  Boston Chicago San Francisco London Pari*

 T

vrvTTiATPpy? MAr2A7TK7j?
BUILDING FURNISHING

   THIS
I RED STRING

+± is woven into the
±j~ selvage of every
"i piece of genuine

POMPEIIAN BRONZE
SCREEN CLOTH

LASTS AS LONG AS YOUR MOUSE

  Look for it when your
 dealer shows screen cloth J
 —if there is no removable
 red string it isn't Pompeiian
 Bronze, and there is no sub-
 stitute for Pompeiian Bronze.

    The red string in :he selvage is 3XJ;
 worth while. It assures freedom 44-
 from all screen cloth troubles—
 from rusted out and broken down
 meshes —from future bother of

 fainting, patching and renewing,
 t is the identifying mark of Ihc
 100% efficient screen cloth which,
 barring fire or accident, lasts as
 long as your house.

    I f your dealercan rot supply you
 with Pompeiian Bronze Screen
 Cloth, we will promptly.

    Send to-day for boik.

 Clinton Wire Cloth Company
 83 Sterling Street
 Clinton, Mass.

    First weavers of wire by
 power in the world. Makers
 of Clinton Wire Lath —the
 first metal lath produced
 and the best to-day for
 stucco and inside work. In-
 teresting book of "Stucco
 Houses." showing many

 typed* sent upon rcqtcai.

Jill Oukloo.

Look in.Mdc
ihb Magits.iiic.

 You will Imd il * new
 *nd v«ondrrlu!l> interesting

 storehouse.

Jl conlj\in> *omclhir»K *b»uI
almost everything useful .\nd
attractive d\iru\ii Ihc SprinK
months.

   You don't have to be a crank on fishing or golf k
 enjoy ALL OUTDOORS. And yet the golf sugges-
 tions represent the best thought ol experts.

    The fiihing pictures, stories and information are second
 only to that ideal day with trout or bass. Further, you
 learn to know the difference between a brown rnd a
 speckled trout. You find the legal open season; the
 proper tackle to use and the way to use it.

   On canping, woodcraft, outdoor games, birds, shoot-
 ing. adventure (lories, you will find equally satisfactory
 reading. Over 200 separate elides in the sprinj
 number.

  On sal* at all newsstands, 15 cents. Or bettei, use
  the coupon and he certain of a full year of enjoyment.

Coupon

All Outdoors, Inc., 141 W. 36th St., New York

  I enclose fifty cents for one year's subscription to
  All Outdoors, including Spring. Summer, Autumn, and
  Winter numbers.

Name —
Address—

In answering advertisements please mention SCRWX ICR’S MAC AZIN 1C
In answering advertisements please mention SCRI BNER’S M A GA 71A E

SCRIBNER'S -1/1OMUSE ADVERT!SLR

The Railroad Timekeeper of America

Embodies accuracy, durability, beauty—in their highest degree

  Brakciiun	Conductor	Bnkcinan	Engineer	Fireman

I J A. CI.AKKE V. H. SALI-IDAY D. BURNETT M. J. FITZPATRICK G. M1CKEI.SON

    Every man in this crew of the Chicago-Denver Limited, cn the Burlington, has |
I carried a Hamilton Watch for years. This train, covering a distance of 1084
1 miles, has a record of 355 days on time in one calendar year.

Accuracy, above all things, decides the choice of a
railroad man when he buys a watch. That is why

      Over one-half (56%) of the railroad men on
      American railroads where Official Time Inspec-
      tion is maintained carry Hamilton Watches.

  Hamilton Watches are made in
correct sizes for men and women
and sold by jewelers everywhere.
Movements only are S12.25 and
upward. Complete watches,
certain sizes, are S3S. 50 to />--
$150.00. Ask yc.ir jew- // X
eler about them; also // / ■'
about fitting your / /
present watch case / / * </r /
with a Hamilton / /
movement.	I £ C) ~~

Write for “The Timekeeper”

 It illustrates and describes the
 various Hamilton models and is a
 book well worth reading if you
 ^ arc thinking of buying a fine
 watch.

         HAMILTON
WATCH CO.
°	Dept. N

~ \ VI	Lancaster

' \ I Pennsylvania
VO GUE

THIS is Vogue's trademark — its exquisite
rharm is strikingly typical of the magazine
itself! Yet. with nil its daintiness, VnKUt is
no mere magazine for an idle hour's entertain-
ment On the contrary. Vogue is a great business
organ iza.ion working tirelessly in the interests of
those ncmen in America noted not only for the
exceeding smartness of their .ittire but for their
distinctit.ii in every line of social activity. Not
fashions news alone does Vogue furnish these
women, it advises them what to buy and where
to buy. and even goes so tar as to do $75,000 a year
worth of shopping for them.

SELECTED by the great 5th Avenue stores and
little specialty shops as the way to reach these
leaders of fashion. Voitue naturally carries
more advertising and more attractive advertising
than any other magazine. Thus, merely as a guide
to the best otfcrings of the best shops. Vogue is
worth far more than its cost to you.

  Before spending a single penny on a new hat
or gown -before even planning one it will V"li
you to consult Vogue! Just at this season when
vou are planning vmir entire Sprint; wardrobe.
\ oguc s value is at its very greatest! The coupon
opposite will secure this value for vou
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

53

$2 INVESTED IN VOGUE
MAY SAVE YOU $200

  The gown you buy and never wear is the really expensive gown!

  Hats, suits, negligees, that just miss being exactly what you want,
  are the ones that cost more than you can afford.

       Why take chances again this year when by simply sending in the
  coupon and at your convenience paying $2—a tiny fraction of the
  loss on a single ill-chosen hat or gown—you can insure the correct-
  ness of your whole Spring and Summer wardrobe ?

        Before spending a single dollar on new clothes, before even planning
        your Spring wardrobe, consult Vogue's great Spring Fashion
        numbers! Now ready is the

           Spring Patterns Number

        Then follow the great Millinery and Spring Fasl ion numbers. In
        the next few months—the very months in which these numbers ap-
        pear—you will be selecting your entire Spring wardrobe and pay-
        ing out hundreds of dollars for the things you select.

           For $2.00—a tiny fraction of your loss on a single ill-chosen hat
        or gown—you may have before you at this important buying season
        all five of the special Spring Fashion numbers. Not only that, but
        far into the Summer, the other numbers that follow them.

       Here are the twelve numbers of Vogue you will receive:

     Spring Patterns	March 1 Summer hashions	June 1

            Working models for one’s whole Spring	The final showing of the Summer modes

        and Summer wardrobe.	that will be.

      Spring Millinery	March 15 European and Travel	June 15

            The newest models in smart hits, veils	Where to go. how to go, what to wear

       and coiffures.	and how to wear it.

      Spring Fashions	April 1 Hot Weather

         The last word on Spring gowns, waists. Fashions	July 1

          lingerie and accessories.	The correct wardrobe and equipment for

      Smart Fashions for	.	aU outdoor sPorts‘

     Limited Incomes	April 15 Hostesses	_ July 15

            First aid tJ her who must drv>s smartly	Thr nnr art ol rntcrtaiaiag, indoor*

       on a moderate income.	and out.

      Interior Decorations of	London and Paris

    Summer Homes	May 1 Seasons	August 1

            A journey " thro' pleasures and palaces,"	What is going on in the beau monde

        in Newport and elsewhere.	abroad.

    Brides	May 15 Children’s Fashions	August 15	*'

           Late Spring fashions and special bridal	Outfits for the infant and tbc school	+

   interests.	boy or girl.	^»

                                                                                                *

  The Spring Patterns Number is already on the newsstands. You can, of

  course, get it and all the others from your newsdealer. But you will have	'.a ^V

  to act quickly—the demand always clears the stands in a few days! If

  no newsdealer is near-by, or if you have any trouble at all getting	^^

  Vogue regularly, make sure of your copies now by sending in this	/ j,'	^

  coupon. All you have to do is to write your name and address,	f £■	j?

  tear off the coupon and mail to Vogue. If you wish to enclose	y r o

  the $2.00 and save us bookkeeping, we will show our appreci-	✓

ation by extending your subscription to include the Autumn	/	$ •' •

  Millinery Number of September 1st, making thirteen	> <t '	/

  numbers instead of twelve. If more convenient, send	• VT	V	.

  coupon without money. Your subscription will then	* . v

  start with the Patterns and continue through the next	^ V)	'V'' .•>*

  eleven numbers. Bill will besentyou on April 1st.	',0	A’'	■

                  ♦ * •• £

                      </ f

In answering advertisements please mention SC RIB.\ ER S MAGAZINE
D*INELL-WRIGHT

 ►w- BOsrON-CHlCAQO ^

RIGHT CO., Principal Coffee Roasters, BOSTON — CHICAGO.

When you dine a la Cresca

     you mny hcKin the repast in Itun^ia, liavc the sccond cour»c In Spnlu, ami ou

     through France, Hungary, and Tunis, endin? with sweetmeats on the lio^phorus.
     CRESCA IMPORTED DELICACIES

     are the choice yield of every land under the sun. and are appreciated by
     particular people who relish things that are “different."

                /w a h.ittdumr illuit~att<t booklet toeefi’e w/nnj and rteifet to form the bntit
                0/ many a novel diuntr and luncheon: rnai.'ed on receipt of ttvo cent stamp. _

CRESCA COMPANY. Importers 345 Greenwich St.. NewYork

FOOD PRODUCTS

   WHITE
   HOUSE

_ _J COFFEE

iftttTE HOUlt neVer diSapP°intS

* Packed under the most perfect

sanitary conditions.

                                               Sold in all the States, Ber-
                                           |j: muda, Mexico and Canadian
                                           V Provinces.

v V&	The WHITE HOUSE Br.nd

                                   TEA, ’A-lb. and !4-lb. full-
                             weight tint, is just as good as
                             White House Coffee.

    Storekeeper —What can I do for you to-day, my dears ?

           Effie.—Wc Jon't want lo buy anything, thanks. Me an' Tillies just shoppin'.

In answering advertisements [/lease mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
FOOD PRODUCTS

 55

WHY take chances with your
health, comfort and pleasure
when all three can be insured
and enjoyed by drinking good old

Evans'

IN no other beverage will you find
such a combination of good fea-
tures, any one of which would of
itself make an article highly suc-
cessful. Whether you drink it as a
tonic or beverage you get all of its
goodness, benefits and delights. A
wholesome, delicious drink for all
the people all the time.

There's Evans' Slant too

In Casks, Bottles and Splits. Apply lo ue.ircM dealer or write to

C. H. EVANS & SONS » Hudson, N. Y.

A SAD STORY.

She dyed young !

 BUFFALO UTiM
 Springs Water

  is NATURE’S GREAT AND SIMPLE
  AID IN combating and forestalling dis-
  eases arising from Uric Acid and other
  insidious blood poisons. This great
  Solventeliminatesthesepoisonsbycfls/wg’
  them off from the system in NATURE’S
  OWN WAY I

The Whole World Bows to
Medical Science!

   Read the appreciative words of testimony
   and tribute bestowed upon this great
   Water, as voiccd in the frank though
   eloquent statements presented herewith
   by members of the Medical Fraternity, in
   themselves of the highest and most un-
   impeachable standing I

   Dr Stuart McGuire. Richmond, Va.,
   Surgeon in charge of SL Luke’s Home,
   Professor of Principles of Surgery and
   of Clinical Surgery, University College of
   Medicine, Richmond, Va., etc.: “In cases
   of headache from lithsemia, of headache
   from passive congestion of the kidneys,
   of strangury from concentrated urine and
   a host of other ills, 1 always advise Buffalo
   Lithia Water.”

   GEORGE BEN JOHNSTON. M. D., LL. D.. Rich-
   mond. Va., Ex-President Southern Surgical and
   Gynecological Association. Ex-President Virginia
   Medical Society and Prolcssor of Gynecology and
   Abdominal Surgery, Aledical College of Virginia:

    "III were asked what mineral water has the widest
    range of usefulness. I would unhesitatingly answer
    Buffalo Lithia. In Uric Acid Diathesis, Gouf. Rheu-
    matism, Litluemiaand the like, its beneficial effects
    are prompt and lasting. * • * Almost any case
    of Pyelitis and Cystitis will be alleviated by it and
    many cured. I have had evidence of the undoubted
    Disintegrating. Solvent and Eliminating powers of
    this water ill Renal Calculus, and have known its
    long-continued use to permanently break up the
    gravel-forming habit”

   The fafe HUNTER McGUIRE, M. D.. LL D.. Ex-

    President American Medical Association and of
    Medical Society of Virginia, Late President and
    Professor of Clinical Surgery, University College of
    Medicine. Richmond. Va., etc., said of Buffalo Lithia
    Water: 11 know from constant use of it personally
    and in practice that the results obtained from its
    use are far beyond those which would be warranted
    by the analysis given. 1 am of the opinion that it
    either contains some wonderful remedial agent as
    yet undiscovered by medical science or its elements
    arc so delicately combined in Nature’s laboratory
    that they dely the utmost skill of the chemist to
    solve the secret of their power.”

Buffalo Lithia Water is sold by all druggists

and everywhere mineral waters oro sold.

—Buffalo Lithia Springs—

lifXTBD f ft BUFFALO LITHIA.
IVAIfcK IS? SPRINGS.VIRHN1A

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S M AG AZIN E
56

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Use it every day

 T ISTERINE is an agreeable antiseptic mouth-
 -1—' wash that keeps the teeth and gums sweet
 and healthful and neutralizes breath odors.
 Listerine is as necessary for the complete toilet
 of the mouth as the toothwash.

All Druggists Sell Listerine.

LAMBERT PHARMACAL COMPANY, St. Louis, Mo.

   The first cost of a Mullins Bout the Inst cost. Outside of painting, thi
   in commission-Never need new riba-Never need new planks-Never
   ed by Expert Naval Architects, Guaranteed Absolut*lv Apolost I'unetar.

vnnized, tough steel plates like Government Torpedo Boats-Fittcd with -------

   compartments like Life Boats. Equipped with Sterling* Cycle and Pierce-
   Budd and Ferro 2 Cycle Motore-Never stall-Never balk-Exhauat silently

MULLINS STEEL BOATS CAN’T 5INK

   under water-For Safety-Speed-Comfort and Enjoyment there’s nothing can equal a
   Muliln* Root. Send for beautiful book illustrated in color-lt's Free.

   TUB W. II. UCLLINS CO. The World’s Largest Hoat Builder*. 110 Fraoklla Street, Balem, Ohio

I ATHFQ Patents

I I I	■	ioo Mechanical Movement*

■ ■ ■ ■ ■	secured l»y us udvcrtised frco in World *. I

For Gunsmiths, Tool Mnltere,

Kiprrinifnlal Mini Repair Work, clr.

Lathe Catalogue Free.

W.F.&Jno. Barnes Co.

528 Kuby St.. IlocU fori I. III.

SECL’lt F.I> OR FEB
ItKTUHM-'.D. Free opinion
as to |>a!entabilit> Gable Rook,

I.Ut of Intention* Wanted,

and ioo Mechanical Movements free to any address. Patents
scoured by us .idvcrtiscd frco in World’s 1'rogreti. Sani|ilc copy free.

VICTOR J. EVANS & CO., AVanhi ngton. I>.
Q| B UA For amateurs: Monologs, Recita-
ls I 11 ¥ ^ tions. Drills, Minstrel and Vaudeville
B	“ Jokes and Sketches; ideas for all kinds

of entertainments. Send for free catalog.

DRAMATIC PUBLISHING CO., B«Z So. Oonrborn Slreot, Chle.go

THIS HANDSOME
WATCH FOB

FREE

 You HVe to HUNT and FISH.
 Then surely you will enjoy the
 National Sportsman Maga-
 zine, with its 160 richly illustrated
 pages, full to_ overflowing with
 interesting stories and valuable in-
 formation about guns, fishing
 tackle, camp-outfits—ihe best
 places to go for fish and game,
 and a thousand and one valuable
 "How to” hints for sportsmen.
 The National Sportsman is
 just like a big camp-fire in the
 woods where thousands of good
 fellows gather once a month and
 *pin stirring yams about their ex-
 periences with rod, dog, rifle and
 gun.

SPECIAL OFFER

  •fail us 75c in stamps or
  coin for a 3 months’ trial
  subscription to the
  National Sportsman
  and we will send you
  absolutely

 FREE OF CHARGE

one of these Handsome
Ormolu Gold Watch Fobs
with russet leather strap.
Don’t delay — Send your
order Today.

NATIONAL SPORTSMAN

 49 Federal Street -	Boston, Mass.

  Doc.—This is the third
  mixed up in this week!

wedding I've been

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

67

CARDS'

CARD GAMES

Hoyle up-to-date

k SEND 15<? IN STAMPS J

For General Play

The old saying "merit
will till" was never more
true than when applied
to Bicycle Cards. Used
everywhere.

Ivory or Air-Cushion Finish

For Social Play

Decorative designs. Rx-
ouisite coloring. Flexible,
easy to shuffle. They be-
speak good taste and add
tone to the occasion.
Air-Cushion Finish

ISSUED

1EARIY

Mag

THE U.S. PLAYING CARD CO.. CINCINNATI. U.S. A

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZIX E

a GOERZ -gets it Always

You get successful pictures
without fail where photographic
results are possible, with

GOERZ

 Equal 10 any demand for speed. Producc sharp,
 brilliant pictures where othcro wait for "belter tight."

They are professional standard for amateur use-
cost more because better — and they get rosults!

        Did you knew there U a difference both in Tru»t
 and in Tariff condition* NOW? Aak your dealer
 Sfnd for "77i* Optic* of Lrntr§" In our Illustrated Pnc# Catalog
 C. P. GOERZ AMERICAN OPTICAL COMPANY
 No. 323A East 34th Street	New York City

EVINRUDE

ENJOY MOTOR-BOATING WITH ANY
ROWBOAT OR CANOE
A LL the pleasures of motor-boating are
■** yours. The fishing parties, the camping
trips with the work left out, the moonlight
rides on the water—are yours it you own an

Built-In Reversible Magneto

is on the 1914 models. No bat-
teries to wear out. The motor
weighs about fifty pounds land
carries like a 6atchel; is so simple
that women and children oper-
ate it. Every motor guaranteed
by largest manufactory of row-
boat motors in the world. Year-
ly capacity 60,000 "Evinrudes."

It attaches to any rowboat in less than one
minute and also attaches to canoes, duck
boats, house boats,rafts or odd shaped craft
of all kinds. Speed with rowboat eight miles
an hour; with cance nearly twelve; may be
slowed down so that trolling becomes a
pleasure instead 01 hard work. The "Evin-
rudo" possesses exclusive features not found
in any other marine motors in the world.

See the “Evinrude” at your Hardware dealer or Sporting
Goods dealer, or write for illustrated catalogue—sent free
EVINRUDE MOTOR COMPANY. 461M St.. Milwaukee, WU.

BRANCH OFFICES—New York. (#Cortland SC.; 8an Kronclpco, 123 Market Rt ; Boston, 218
Ststo St.; I’ortland, Ore., 106 vourlh St.; Jacksonville, Fla., Foot of Mala St;
58

SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

    Just Fits
    Your Pocket

   and just the pencil to carry
   about with you. Always
   ready for service, never
   requires sharpening, does
   not get out of order. Known
   as the

 Koh-i-noor

 Propelling
   Pencil

Made in a variety of delightful
:tyles. Each pencil charged
wilh the famous siMcen-smojth
" Koh-i-noor ” lead.

   Supplied by high<Us3 Stalionen,

Ac-, everywhere. Illustrated lul
on jppliration to

L.&O. HARDTMUTH. 34. East
23rd Street. New York;
and 107, Notre D»me BU Wei!, i
llontreiL

What We Will Send You
for 25 Cents—

       1.	Out new book, “Craftsman Mouses," by Gustav Stickley,
       Riving selected model plans, sketches, interiors and detail* of real
       Craftsman homes—122 illustrations in all.

      2.	A apceimen copy of THE CRAFTSMAN Magazine.

       3.	The help of THE CRAFTSMAN Architects in selecting the
       most suitable model house plans for a prospective new home.

        4.	A detailed answer to any specific question dealing with build-
        ing. interior decoration, furnishing, gardening, real estate, country
        home problems, schools, or arU and crafts.

THE CRAFTSMAN

A Magazine Light-House

Outdoor World

  £r RECREATION

It Guides You Safely

Get the March Number

Any News-Stand

25c. a Copy

$2.50 a Yoar

SPECIAL GET-ACQUAINTED OFFER
OUTDOOR WORLD PUBLISHING CO.,

               2-8 Duane Street, Now York, N. Y.
 Send OUTDOOR WORLD AND RECREATION for
 six months for $1.00 enclosed to:

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

FOR BABY3
SKIN BATH

CUTICURA

 SOAP

Assisted when neces-
sary by gentle applica-
tions of Cuticura Oint-
ment, affords speedy
relief in most cases of
baby rashes, itchings
and irritations.

 Cuticura Soap and Cuticura Ointment arc sold
 throughout tho world. Send post-card to nearest
 depot lor Ircc sample of each with 32-page book:
 Newbery, 27, Charterhouse Sq., London: K. Towns
 & Co., Sydney, N.S. \\\; Lcnnon. Ltd., Cape Town;
 Muller. Maclean & Co.. Calcutta and Bombay:
 potter Drue and Chem, Corp.. Boston, U.S. A,
 os-Men who shave and shampoo with Cuticura
 Soap will And It best lor skin and scalp.

 Asthma, Sore Throat,
 Coughs, Bronchitis,

 “ Used while you sleep." Colds, Catarrh.

  A simple, safe and effective treatment, avoiding drugs.
  Vaporized Cresolene stops the paroxysms of Whoop-
  ing Cough and relieves spasmodic Croup at once.

  It is a boon to sufferers from Aslhma.

  The air carrying the antiseptic vapor, inspired with
  every breath, makes breathing easy, soothes the sore
  throat and stops the cough, assuring restful nights.

  Cresolene relieves the bronchial complications of
  Scarlet Fever and Measles and is a valuable aid in the

  treatment of Diphtheria.

  Cresolene's best recommendation is its 30 years of
  successful use. Send us postal for Descriptive Booklet.

For Sale by All Druggists

   Try Cresolene Antiseptic Throat Tablets for the irri-
 tated throat, composed of slippery elm bark, licorice,
 sugar and Cresolene. They can’t harm you. Of your
 druggist or from us, 10c. in stamps.

THE VAPO-CRESOLENE CO., 62 Cortland! St, New York

or Lecraiag-Miles Building, Montreal, Canada

Give

 DELICATE

 CHILDREN

THE DELICIOUS COD LIVER AND
IRON TONIC WITHOUT OIL

DELICATE CHILDREN

 respond quickly to the strengthening and
 body-building virtues ofVinol bccauseit
 contains in delicious combination two
 famous tonics—the medicinal elements
 of the finest Cod Liver Oil and peptonate
 of iron —but no oil. Children love if —it
 restores appetite and creates strength.
 Its superiority as a tonic reconstruclor
 in all weak, run-down Conditions and for
 chronic coughs, colds, and bronchitis is
 guaranteed by over 5000 druggists.

For sale by one druggist in a place.
Look for the Vinol store where you live
Trial sample sen t free on receipt of
2-cent stamp.

Chester Kent & Co., Boston. Mass.

In answering advertisements pleast mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
Romances of Modern Business

THE American romance is in the large office-buildings and the marts of
trade; it is the romance of great achievements in commerce, in industrial
leadership. And it is a wonderful romance! The child of the world’s
nations is leading them!—Arnold Bennett.

CHAPTER III

The Story of the “57 Varieties”

  The big clock boomed the hour of noon.
Where there had been quiet among the dili-
gent workers, there now broke a wave of con-
versation. The doors were flung open and
into the green courtyard passed the hundreds
of employees in playful mood.

  They made a gladsome picture—these vig-
orous men and women, with their buoyancy
and apparent content with their lot, seeking
to make the most of their midday recreation
with laughter and healthful exercise. A visitor
to the plant with his host turned to take in
the view, and then, above, beheld another
sight that compelled interest.

  At a window, on the second floor of one of
the main buildings, stood a man looking upon
the scene in the courtyard with a benevolent
smile. He was an elderly man, with a face
subtly merging the qualities of power and ten-
derness. Intently he watched the employees
at play. “ Whose is the ‘ face at the window' ? ”
was asked.

  “That,” replied the host, ‘‘is Mr. H. J.
Heinz, the founder of the company.”

  During the forenoon there had been un-
folded to the visitor the history of the “House
of Heinz”—for that is the scene and subject
of this story—and in it the founder of this sig-
nificant industry stood out an heroic figure.
A truly romantic story it was, blending the
elements of sentiment and the dramatic action
of big achievements. The deft hand of Arnold
Bennett could make of it a romance worthy of
the name.

  The man who stood at the window controls
an industry that has a main plant at Pittsburgh

occupying one hundred and sixty city lots and
fourteen branch factories in different parts of
the United States, with others in Canada, Eng-
land, and Spain. He employs over five thou-
sand hands in his factories alone and distrib-
utes his products through his own agencies and
branch houses in all the principal nations of the
world.

  Forty-five years ago this same man began
preparing and selling food products, but under
very different conditions. A small room in a
house at Sharpsburg, Pennsylvania, and an ad-
joining garden of about half an acre were the
setting for the first scene of the industrial
spectacle of the “House of Heinz.” Here
Mr. Heinz began his business career by raising
horseradish, and in the single room he put it
up for the local trade.

  Consider this mighty transition! To the
accomplishment of it there must have been
brought some force besides the fineness of the
products and the integrity of the business
management.

  Mr. M. S. Achenbach, advertising manager
for the H. J. Heinz Company, named the third
of the trinity of supports of the Heinz strong-
hold when he said: “The success of the Heinz
Company has been in no uncertain degree made
possible by the character and extent of the
company’s advertising.”

  It will be remembered that the vital adver-
tising campaign which early established the
“57 Varieties” in the public mind was carried
on in the periodicals of national circulation.

  The little room and plot of garden at Sharps-
burg yielded an inspiration; but this small

This is the third of a series t>{ article- that is being published to show how
magazine advertising is serving the public.

60

SCRIBNERS MAGAZINE ADVERTISER
The Story of the “57 Varieties”

foundation could not long serve the purposes
of a man with the will to build a large struc-
ture. Mr. Hein/, expanded his operations to
fruits and vegetables. Soon he had established
such a lucrative local trade that he decided
the scope of Sharpsburg was too limited for
his enterprise. So, in the early seventies, the
Heinz plant was moved to Pittsburgh.

   Here again the words of Mr. Achenbach are
pertinent: “The local success after the estab-
lishment of the plant in Pittsburgh was great,”
he said; “the Heinz products found a ready
market and a continuing demand. But it did
not take the young manufacturer long to dis-
cover that no matter how superior his product
might be, unless he spread the knowledge of
that goodness to a wider territory, he should
always remain a local manufacturer. So he
began to advertise.”

  The founder of the "House of Heinz” had
an ambition to create a world-wide demand
for his products. In those early days, before
the efficacy of high-powered advertising had
been demonstrated, this was regarded as a
dream. But the Heinz dream has reached a
dramatic fulfilment.

  All this was accomplished by a broadly
gauged advertising appeal. The foundation
was laid through the weekly and monthly
periodicals of national circulation. Later, the
firm used practically every kind of medium that
would make for universality of advertising.
The response lifted the Heinz Company from
a local Pittsburgh concern to an industry of
international proportions.

   The Heinz Company believed in the persis-
tency of advertising, and this, with the orig-
inality of the company’s advertising ideas, has
had a telling effect. Who is there not familiar
with the small green-pickle trade-mark or the
sign of the “57 Varieties”?

  The green-pickle trade-mark was adopted
soon after Mr. Heinz began advertising in the
magazines. Later he saw the psychological ap-
pealof apopularcatch-phrase. None that came
to his attention seemed just what he wanted
until he noticed a sign in a New York shoe-
dealer's window. It read: “Twenty styles.”

   “Why,” thought he, “can I not advertise the
number of my products?” He drew out a
memorandum-book and counted the items in
the list of foods manufactured by him. There

were fifty-seven. “How can I word this?”
he mused, “‘styles’ will not do for a food term;
' kinds’ does not sound right; fifty-seven, fifty-
seven—varieties!” The thought came to him
in a (lash. And so the term, “ 57 Varieties,”
was started on its history-making career in the
food world.

  Mr. Achenbach has some interesting things
to say about the Heinz advertising ideals.
Hear him further: “The business of the H. J.
Heinz Company is an example of the possibili-
ties of modern commercial evolution. It is
simply the logical result of fitting an idea to
public demand and sticking conscientiously to
its purpose of fulfilment.

  “Through the national magazines we have
commanded a national business. This after-
ward was supplemented by the results from
other media of advertising. The Heinz Com-
pany feels that the magazines have been a
force in developing a demand for and a confi-
dence in Heinz products. The ethical stand-
ards of the magazines with regard to their ad-
vertising are in harmony with our own ideals,
and have assisted us materially in creating the
public confidence that we now enjoy."

  A great industrial success such as that of the
H. J. Heinz Company is another vivid illustra-
tion of the power of the magazines in working
hand-in-hand with an industry in its develop-
ment. A product is advertised in a standard
magazine; that message from the manufac-
turer penetrates every section of the country,
carrying with it the accepted suggestion that
the product advertised must be “right” or it
would not be represented in the magazine.
Such is the present-day view of magazine
advertising.

  There is another phase of the mission of the
periodical advertisement of equal importance
with its ethical and commercial values. That
is its accomplishments in the field of public
service. The one instance of the Heinz Com-
pany is eloquent of this. The creating of a
demand for Heinz products has set new food
standards; has given employment to thou-
sands of people; has made a market for the
products of some thirty thousand acres of land;
has conserved the food supply, and has relieved
the housewives of the world of many cares.
Many the woman that has blessed Heinz when
an unexpected guest arrived!

SCRIHXIN'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER
Tra velMesorts, To urs

THE PILGRIM TOLRS

Moderate Cost. Best Management

FIIROPF ^^c^‘,errant‘an I°urs to Italy, the Riviera and
LUIVUrL Switzerland Winter, Spring and Summer.
Also British Isles and Northern Countries.

Also PENSION TOURS at low rates.

SOUTH AMERICA

                             June 27 by beautiful new S. S’.
Vestris, returning before end of August. Semifor booklet dtsind.
Ravmond & Whitcomb Co.. Acts.

New York l’ltiladclphi.i Chicago San !• ranci'co

EUROPE and ORIENT

 Medilorransan Tours (including Egypt, Huly Land, Spain and
 Special Balkan Tour), April, June, July. Northern Tours (in-
 cluding Hriliah Isle, and Norway, Sweden, RllMia), June, July,
 August. Comprehensive Itineraries. Unique Features.

  "Beslin Travel." Descriptive illustrated Booklets upon request.
  ALTHOUSE TOURS CO., 1333 Walnut St., Phila.

Europe and Orient

 and Leisure. Thorough Sight-seeing. Expert

 Sight-seeing. I-xpert
 l.onR Spring Tour April *Jf».

 Parties.
 Co m'ort
 Guidance.

 and Leisure. Thorough
 Strictly hrst-clASS.

 33rd Year. PAINE TOURS, Glens Falls, N. Y.

EUROPE

Our Annual Scries of Spring and Summer Tours
cover all Europe. The routes are varied and attract-
ive providing leisurely travel at fully inclusive fares,

beet leadership, and wide choice* :ts to length and

cost. The Acme of Ease and Convenience in
Pleasure Travel. •

JAPAN, CHINA

and the PHILIPPINES. Attractive Tours, including Japan
in Cherry-Blossom Season, leave San Francisco March 5, si:
cultured leadership. Exceptional and exclusive advantages.
Send for Program desired
Travel Tickets Everywhere, with or without Hotels

THOS. COOK & SON

245 Broadway, 264 Fifth Avenue, New York

Boston, Phiuadrli'iiia, Chicago, los Anceles,

San Francisco. Moutheal. Tokonxo

Cook’s Traveler’s Cheques Are Good All Over the World

CLARK’S

TOURS

EUROPE

Splendid new routes, including new series Vncn-
t ion Tourn at Popular Prices for midsummer.
Ilijh class tours, small membership limit: frequent
sailings end April to July. Inclusive rates, $?8o up.
FRANK C. CLARK. TIMES BUILDING, NEW YORK

CONDUCTED■

EUROPEANTOURS

All Cnunirif*** °e potter tours co.<ci ibt9>

/l,f VUIffllf JfcTO	176 Flllh Avonuo, Now York

t h: 1 IB e^entm ■ 111 na

 Sail in March, April. May, June. July. Best routes, lest management, best
 testimonials, and die lowest prices in the world. Address
 TICMPLE TOCRS, 1 I*.» Troniont Street, UOMUJi, MASS.

AD

DELTA TOURS

                                          through the chief
                                          Countries of Iiu*

  roj>e. Terms inclusive and prices moderate. Parties sailing
  mi June and July. Write for Kooklct mid itineraries.

 FRANK R. SELI,ECK.

 215 N. Monro** St.,	Peoria, III.

RAYMOND-WHITCOMB TOURS

EUROPE

To the Mediterranean, Riviera, Italy, Spain, Algeria,
Switzerland, Greece and Dalmatian Coast. Small parties
under personal escort. Everything of the best. Frequent
departures. Also Summer Tours lo British Isles. Italy,
Switzerland. Germany, North Cape and Russia- New
Grand Tours, Psn-German Tour, Russia and the Caucasus,
May, JUncand July.

AUTOMOBILE TOURS

through the most picturesque parts of Europe.

EGYPT and the HOLY LAND

Turkey and Greece. Departure March 7.

JAPAN, CHINA, SIBERIA

I >epartures March 5 and April 7. Combinations of routes,

including the Philippines.

ROUND the WORLD

Departures August to January.

Ash for the bjoh of tours in which you are interested
RAYMOND & WHITCOMB CO.

Boston New York Philadelphia San Francisco

62

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
TRA VEL-RESORTS-TOURS

sflaaaaaaaw

Going or Coming

Travel by

WORLD'S LARGEST STEAMSHIPS

IMPERATOR	VATERLAND

919 Feet Long, 52,000 Tons	950 Feet Long, 58,000 Tons

London	Paris	Hamburg

I- March 21 April 15 I June 16 July 7
QftjfJ May 16 June 6 | August 1 August 22

   jj	Cruises from Hamburg

!	During June, July and August	,, j

to the	mSmm

■33| Land of the Midnight Sun g

Great Cruise of 1915	IWf

AROUND THE WORLD [7,

Through the PANAMA CANAL
reaching San Francisco at the opening of the
Panama-Pacific Exposition
DURATION 135 DAYS, COST $900 UP

Send for Illustrated Booklet

HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE 41-45 Broadway New York

Philadelphia Boston Pittsburgh Chicago New Orleam Minneapolis St. Louii San Francisco

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
-=-                                           MUNICH -1914                     
San Remo^S§4                             Plan an Automobile Tour               
ROYAL                                    this Summer through the               
        HOTEL AND                          Bavarian Mountains                  
RESTAURANT                                    and Dolomites                    
                               Write to OFFICIAL B A V A R1 A N TO U RI ST     
                           OFFICE. Munich, for literature and fuil information 
PARSIFAL will be given lor the lirst lime           
in Munich in August and September. 1914.            
For dates and tickets write as above.               
                                                                               
"Visit-                                                                        
Budapest on the                                                                
Danube ---                                                                     
-lit Royal                                                                     
                                                        ___x--- < ^ Hungarian  
                                                     ^ \ V^--- State Railways  
Cheap and Comfortable Travelling                                               
                                        CARPATHIANS---POSTYEN ---LAKE BALATON  
IUCERNE                    AIX-LES-BAINS                                       
  HO I til_j Facing Lake                                  8 Hours from Paris \ 
     May to September                 World Renowned Thermal Waters            
          BEAU-                     ! for Gout, Rheumatism, Anthritis          
A really comfortable Hotel                     Two Casinos                     
                    RIVAGE        Tennis, Golf, Pigeon Shooting, Racing        
       Tennis Golf Boating                                                     
   C. CIGER. Proprietor                                                        
iu	/n answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
Bad-Nauheim

IN THE TAUNUS

GERMANY
40 Minutes Drive from
Franctort o. M.

SEASON: April 16 to October
  15. Baths and drinking-
  cure to be had the whole
  year round. 55 physicians.

In 1013: 35.ooo cure-guests;
480.000 bathe given.

Famous throughout the world for the health-restor-
ing properties of its mineral springs in the treat-
ment of Diseases of the Heart, Rheumatism,
Gout, Spinal and Nervous Diseases, Women’s
Complaints, Scrofula.

Latest scientific inventions and most improved devices for the
treatment of the patients.

       Magnificent Park, hard by the Taunus woods
       Splendid Climate, Plenty of Amusement
       Golf, Tennis, Croquet, Motor.Gar Trips

For Booklets apply to

CESCHAEFTSZIMMER 2 S KURHAUS, BAD-NAUHEIM

WIESBADEN

HOTEL

NASSAU

LEADING HOTEL AND BATH HOUSE

300 ROOMS AND BATHS

— VENICE —

Hotel d*Europe

Best Position
On the Grand Canal

First Class in every respect
BOLL A, Manager

BAD NAUHEIM
HOTEL

D’ANGLETERRE

(ENGLISCHER HOF)

High Class Family Hotel

Near Park and Springs

Quiet and Comfortable

Wiesbaden

— RHINE:------—

Most frequented bath in Europe

for Rheumatism and Gout.

Booklets and Information free from
MUNICIPAL INQUIRY OFFICE, WIESBADEN

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE

65
oo	PARIS HOTELS

PARIS

Hotel Lotti

Rue de Castiglione

PARIS

Hotel Astoria

Place de l-Etoile

 Facing 1'Arc de Triomphe
 The Astoria has the finest and
 healthiest location in Paris
 Every 111xnry'- ant! comfort known
 to the really first-class hotel
 Opened 1907

The latest and handsomest
hotel in Paris

Between Place Vendome and
the Tuilei ies Gardens

Hotel deCrillon

       PLACE DE LA CONCORDE

PARIS

                    Te/ey. Crilonotel Psris

The Most Wonderful Si hi a I ion in ihc I Vo rid

250 Rooms and Suites, 120 Bathrooms • Five o’clock Tea Orchestra
Magnificent Restaurant with Terrace overlooking Champs-Elysces

            • Opened 1909

PARIS

Hotel Wagram

Rue de Rivoli

PARIS

Elysee Palace

HOTEL

Avenue des Champs-Elysees

Overlooks Tuileries Gardens

Rebuilt and refurnished
throughout

A family hotel de grand luxe
in the heart of Paris

Between l’Arc deTriomphe and
Place de la Concorde

English-Speaking Staff
Family Comforts
English and French Cuisine

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
TRA VEL-RESOR TS- TOURS

07

mm

 v'rk

Cruises Every Saturday

To the WEST INDIES and
PANAMA CANAL

Cuba Jamaica Costa Rica Nicaragua .

by Popular “PRINZ” Steamers of our	«

ATLAS SERVICE

11 to 18 DAYS.........$85.50
25 DAY CRUISES.....$150 and up
PANAMA CANAL .... ("fas") $142.50

                 Full information on request

   HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE

              41-45 Broadway, N. Y.

Philadelphia Baltimore Boston Pittsburgh Chicago
New Orleans Minneapolis St. Louis San Francisco Montreal

■ljj
iv

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

GROUND
WORLD

 IJ.................—........; B

Independent
Trips, s620.§§ „P

       Your life’s dream realized.
   See the countries that made
   the world's history.

   Europe. Egypt. India. Ceylon,
   Java, China. Japan, Philippines,
   Australia. Hawaii.

Start any time, any place; the
price is the same. Tickets good for
two years. First class throughout.
Travelers' Checks Good
All Over the World
Write (or
" Around ibe World''
Booklet.

   0ELR1CHS & Co., Gen. Aflis.

  5 Broadway - New York
  H. Clausseniusfic Co.. Chicaso,

   ■ Cent. National Hank, St. Louis,

   | Allowayfit Champion,Winnipeg
   Robert Capelle, San Francisco

 NORTH

GERMAN

 LLOYD

“ Go on, Jimmy, you said you'd face death for me!”
“ Yes—but he ain't dead !”
6S

TRA VEL-RESORTS-TOURS

:<©! W H E R E-TO-GO 
a BEACON sr. BOSTON./'

If Coming To New York
Why Pay Excessive Hotel Rates?

   CLENDENING

      Select. homelike, economical. Suite
 ■ *f pallor, licit."in private l»alli for
 two persons. S.'.OO -hilv Write f.»r
 J KookM 11 . willi fine map of city
 WASHINGTON D. C.

           HOTEL DRISCOLL

                     Faces U. S. Capitol. Near
                     I n Ion Station. Amidst
                     Shun- Places. Running I
                     Water, Electric Kans in
                     Rooms. Hath Gratis. I
                     Garage. Music. Am.S3,
                     Kur. ?1J0 up. Booklet. •

 THE HAMILTON inents: homelike:

 Ideal location for family and transient
 trade. 3 blocks to White House. Ainer.
 plan. {£!M up per day. Booklet and map.

 ATLANTIC CITY H. J.

H°TSTRAND^

ATLANriCCITYg

ALWAYS OPEN. CAPACITY 600. FIREPRi

Sea water in all baths. Orchestra. Gara«. American
plan, located betwen me mo ?reat ocean piers.
BooKlst. OWNERSHIP MANAGEMENT

ATLANTIC CITY N.J.

     tpMi'i'S

 hip 1 I MIWilMl
 am ■•jiAml

iBSSSl

Atlantic City. g^OTS:

 Ahove illustration shows hut one section of
 this magnificent and siiniptuoiislv ntted
 hous<—the Open Air Pinza anil Kholoscd
 Solarlums overlook the Board-walk and tlie
 Ocean. The environment, convenlenceand
 comforts of tlie Marlborough.Blenheim and

the invigorating climate at Atlantic City
maVe tills the ideal place for Winter and
Spring. Always open. Write for handsomely
illustrated booklet, .loslah White A Sons
Company. Proprietors and Directors.’

        Woll ATLANTIC CITY. N.,I.
 U.ttCII nail, noiel and Sanatorium.
 New stone, brick * steel building. Alwavs
 open, always ready, always busy. Table
 ami attendance unsurpassed.*

HEALTH RESORTS

COME TO BATTLE CREEK

TJk BanieCffck Sanifancn afford*'f»e moM abundint
facilities for reil.recrcaton and h«ll.. improvement The
ci'jue diet iy*te«.phy«al culture classcs nirrcslma
health lectufenwun/mrvi qolf Icnil5 ms'ormo.&oatinq
aid ahur.drrd ether anuctivc fc«fur<i fiil<acri pro
gram »ilh uiffil entertainment Cut'-ti ha»e (om&iitf*
a^antaqei toCk derived iron favour climak wrdilicnv
ho^ciike vjrrcv.idioci.i«ntifi£ mflhodi.a'id daily »cdi
<al vjpcrviJion-WRITt fOR PROSKCTUS-^

 THE SANITARIUM BATTLECSEEK.MKH.Box 109

PORTLAND ME.

 West End Hotel <J» racinr l'»ionsmion.

  Oil! own farm idniry inppliM Hot and cold watei
  in every room (larac* II T> Castner. Booklet

SEATTLE WASH.

 CTnt/al Civnv "12 stories of solid com-
 nOlCl OdVOy. f0rt,” concrete, steel *
 marble. At center of tlilngH. English grill.
 Auto Bus. Rooms gl up. With bath gg up.
 • Write for further information.

                          “ Oh! what a cute little tiling, father. May I play with it? "
                          " Xo. my son. I'm sorry I ever did.”

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
TRA VEL—RESOR TS—TOURS

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBN E.R'S MAGAZINE

Switzerland’s

National Exhibition

May to October, 1914

THE Swiss National Exhibition which
takes place this year in Berne, the
picturesque capital of Switzerland, will
prove one of the big European events.
<£ It will be a complete and harmonious
display of the entire industrial and social
life of the Swiss People, such as
has not been seen for seventeen
years and will not be seen again in
fifteen or twenty years.

The National Exhibition of the
Swiss People will not only be in-
structive and interesting, but it will
be a unique means of giving for-
eign visitors an intimate under-
standing of Life in the Alpine
Republic.

Everyone who goes abroad this
year will make it a point to visit
the charming capital of Switzer-
land. For further information apply to

OUR succcss as trunk, builders depends on our
giving you more and better trunk service for
less money than you would receive elsewhere.

If we can build an Indestructo Trunk that will
travel further, wear longer, and give better satis-
faction than you arc accustomed to. then we are
justified in our purpose of serving you.

Unless we had really served the roo.ooo people who have
already bought our trunks we would not he here today.

     Because we have never sold an Indestructo Trunk,
     that was not guaranteed against any kind nf acci-
     dent for s years regardless of what happened or

      ol	how far its owner traveled.

     That's the way indestructo Trunks are sold today:

     if your trunk does not remain in good traveling
     condition for 5 years, send it back and we'll send
     you a new one free.

Our booklet explains that fully ask for it.

   National Veneer Products Co.,

6 Beiger Street	Mishawaka, Ind. ^

OFFICIAL INFORMATION BUREAU
OF SWITZERLAND
241 Fifth Avenue - New York City

You, too, can outwit

winter and revel in the
sunshine and outdoor fun
of that bracing five-day
trip on I 0,600 ton

Southern Pacific
Steamships

New York to New Orleans
$40-00 ONE $70.oo bound

 Including meals and berth on ship.
 Choice of rail—one way, same fare.

Connection at New Orleans with

     “Sunset Limited”

         Every Day—No Extra Fore
         Solid Pullman Train
         New Orleans to California

 Rock ballasted roadbed, oil burning locomo-
 tives, automatic electric blocksiKnab. Through
 dinineear. Write for information.

 L. H. NUTTING. General Pu»rcii|tcr A*cul
 Komn 27, 366 Broadway, at Franklin S(.,
 New York City
 31 B'way, near Rector St. 1158 B'way, at 27th St.
Every copy of St. Nicholas is
a joy

This coupon brings you a copy

 The Century Co., Union Square, N. Y.

     Send me the details of the plan to double the in-
 fluence of St. Nicholas. Please send me FREE a
 recent copy of St. Nicholas:

YELLOW-

STONE

PARK

is the most unique and wonder-
ful outing spot on earth—it is
also educational. The Park Sea-
son is from June 15 to Septem-
ber 15.

 Plan to go at the first opportunity, and
 see the GEYSERS, CANYONS, HOT
 SPRINGS,CATARACTS, ANIMALS,
 ETC. Splendid hotels at each impor-
 tant point and the coaching trip from
 hotel to hotel is just right. Several
 kinds of trout fishing. Send eight cents
 for our Yellowstone literature.

Northern Pacific
Railway

DO YOU LOVE

CHILDREN?

 THE GAME I LOVE

  By Francis Ouimet, the youthful gulf
  champion. First article of a great
  series.

MELILOTTE

  An Operetta. Words and music com-
  plete in one act by the author of
  “The Madcap Duchcss.” Just the
  thing for your dramatic club!

  ARTHUR RACKHAM pictures in color
  and A Score of Other Features in the

MARCH ST. NICHOLAS

 A. M. CLELAND.
 Central Passenger
 Agent

 ST. PAUL. MINN.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

YES! Then write today for the
plan to double the influence of

ST. NICHOLAS

“Best-loved of all Magazines”
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER	71

 Old Dutch—$550

Small Grand—$1100

BEAUTY IN PIANO TONE

   Tone beauty In the piano Is the indefinable quality that appeals to the emotions, refresh-
ing and awakening them to new life.

   It imparts the rich coloring and the dainty shadings to the score, bringing out in ti ue
proportion the Intent and mood of the composer.

   Tone beauty Is one of the distinguishing traits of the Melville Clark piano. Sensuous-
ness, virility, brilliancy, bell-like clearness, richness and dynamic power are its notable
characteristics.

   Added to this is beauty In finish, beauty in case design, sensitiveness to the touch and
durability in construction—all prime requisites in the artistic piano.

        These qualities have given the Melville Clark
        piano a singular prestige and it is justly re-
        garded as one of the best pianos in the country.

     MELVILLE CLARK PIANO COMPANY

 410 Fine Arts Building	CHICAGO

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  PYRENE MANUFACTURING CO., 1358 Broadway, N.

     Brass and Nickcl-plated Pyrene Fire Extinguishers are the only one-quart fire extinguishers in-
     cluded in the lists of Approved Fire Appliances issued by the National Board of Fire Underwriters

Alton

Atlanta

Baltimore

Birmingham

Boston

Bridgeport

Buffalo

Chicago

Cincinnati

Cleveland

Dayton

Denver

Detroit

Duluth

Jacksonville

Louisville Oklahoma City	St. Louis

Memphis Philadelphia	St. Paul

Milwaukee Phoenix	Salt Lake City

New Orleans Pittsburgh	San Antonio

Norfolk	Richmond	York, Neb.

          PACIFIC COAST DISTRIBUTORS: CORHAM FIRE APPARATUS CO., S.» Fr.„«;.co, U. A»tcl... Settle
          Diltributori for Creit Britain and the Continent: The Pyrene Co.. Z9A Charing Cron Road, London, W. C.

 /\FTER they ’re gone
lY—when you are all
alone and the memory
that weighs upon the
heart returns, the
knowledge of what
might have been pre-
vented by a Pyrene
Fire Extinguisher
tortures you.

 It is every man’s
duty to consider seri-
ously for five minutes
the possibility of fire
in his home.

    Love's first duty is protection. It is your duty to know what Pyrene
is—a scientific fire fighter, of convenient size—easily operated.

   Pyrene in the home is a preventer of panic, of loss, of those
disfigurements and tragedies which leave rooted sorrows.

    It goes after the fire between partitions, under the floor, and in other
inaccessible places, like a ferret.

   Promptly extinguishes vicious gasoline, oil and electrical fires;
is a non-conductor of electricity and does not injure the most delicate
fabrics.

   Write our nearest office for convincing evidence in booklet form,
“ The Vital Five Minutes,” free.

 Filled and ready for
use, weighs five pounds.
Fourteen inches long-
three inchcs in diam-
eter.

 Pyrene liquid Is the
most efficient extin-
guisher of incipient fires
Known to science.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRlBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

73

WORLDS LARGEST
MUSIC HOUSE

          Makers of ihe most popular
          instrument of the present day, the

WASHBURN
PIANO

    Every prospective purchaser should take time to
 examine this beautiful instrument. Fifty years’ experi-
 ence in retail piano selling has taught Lyon & Healy
 just what the general public should have in a piano.

     Without egotism, we can say that this piano, by all
 ordinary standards, belongs in a much higher class.

    There is a very popular style W ASIIBUKN' at $.500. Let us
 send you a beautifully illustrated catalog containing full particulars.
 Very easy terms of payment n ay be arranged. The WASHBURN
 may be seen in over two hundred and fifty local salesrooms.

 LYON & HEALY, 35-44 E. Adams St., Chicago

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE
74

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Let the “Homefolks” Play!

       Open your home to Billiards, the Prince of Entertainers. Play
   the most fascinating, harmless and healthful of indoor games and
   pastimes on a real home billiard table.

         Surprise and delight the entire household by installing the “ Baby Grand ”—a
    billiard table that will both ornament and magnetize your home.

         No gift compares with the “ Baby Grand” as a source of entertainment.

The Superb “BABY GRAND” Table

World’s Finest Home Entertainer

         Brunswick “Baby Grand" Styles of Billiard or Pocket-Billiard Tables are made of
    Mahogany, with classic inlaid design. Richly finished. Unexcelled playing qualities. Sizes
    5x6, x 7, 4 x8. The illustration at top of page shows one of the “ Baby Grands.”

          Brunswick “ Convertible " Styles of Billiard or Pocket-Billiard Tables can be used in any
     room. They serve as handsome Dining Tables, Library Tables or Davenports when not in
     use for billiard playing. Sizes 3 x6 and z'A x 7. Equal in playing qualities to “Baby Grand."

A Year to Pay

Complete, High-Grade Playing Outfit Free

         Any size or style of table can be purchased on easy terms. We spread the payments
    over an entire year. The price of each table includes complete liigh-grade Playing Outfit,
    Cues, Balls, Bridge, Rack, Chalk, Assorted Tips, Lightning Cue Clamps, Markers, Cover,
    Billiard Brush, Rules, Book on “How to Play,” etc.

Fun For a Lifetime—Without Expense

         When you buy a Brunswick table you endow your home with an inexhaustible fund of
    expense less entertainment. It’s a real economy to own one of these splendid tables.

De Luxe Book Free

     Send for our richly illustrated book “Billiards
—The Home Magnet,” containing pictures, descrip-
tions, Factory Prices and details of Easy-Purchase
Plan.

The Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.

Dept. SC, 623-633 S. Wabash Ave., Chicago

(107)

The Brumwick-Balke-Collender Co.

Dept. SC, 623*633 S. Wnbash Ave., Chicago

Please send me the free color-illustraied book,

“Billiards—The Home Magnet”

i jxarnt ...............        
k Addv:ss.....................  
                                
In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
SCRIBNF.R'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

75

As it is done in Europe

In social circles where etiquette and good form are impor-
tant new styles in writing paper frequently originate. Not
all new ideas come from Europe, and not all new ideas are
good. When they are both new and good, wherever they
come from, they receive something from our own creative
designers and are then expressed in some form of

Granes ddnen c&wn

                  [THE CORRECT VyWRITING PAPER]	X_

Crane's papers give the earliest intimation	exquisite simplicity. It is a paneled paper

of the latest styles in writing papers. We	and will appeal to those who require dignity

have just created a new style, the E iza-	and good taste in correspondence,
bethan, which is rich in appearance ar.d of

      Sold wherever good stationery is sold. If you cannot find such a store,
      send 10c. to us for samples and name of a dealer who will supply you.

                          Address at! inquiries to Dept. P.

EATON, CRANE & PIKE CO.

New York	Pittsfield, Mass.

In answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE
76

SCRIBNER'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

    ’HE men who work with their hands as well as their brains—the fellows who rear the
    skyscrapeis, who speed the factory wheels, whu till the fauna—they know ail often

     overlooked side of the many-sided Ivory. They know Ivory's thoroughness asa cleanser.

The mildness and purity of Ivory Soap are so evident and of such advantage that
many of us who use it because of these qualities are apt to forget that Ivory is, first of
all, a wonderfully efficient remover of dirt.

But the facts are these: The extreme purity and high quality of Ivory Soap give it
great detergent, or cleansing power. It may not work as quickly as cleansers containing
alkali or grit, but it works so thoroughly that it produces, not ordinary cleanness, but

aseptic cleanness.

No matter how badly soiled the skin may be, when it is cleansed with Ivory Soap a
man feels clean, looks clean, is clean in the strictest sense of the word. And he
experiences none of the painful sensations which accompany the use of cleansers that
rely upon harsh ingredients to do their work.

IVORY SOAP.

 IVORY

99&% PURE

When the hands are badlu soiled with crease or Jirl. the action of Ivaw Soap it hastened
by rubbing in with the lather a little yellow cornmeal.

Iii answering advertisements please mention SCRIBNER’S MAGAZINE

    .s'/
 in all that time has remained the same, and it is
 just as nourishing, sustaining and satisfying as it
 was fourteen years ago—a complete, perfect food
 ^supplying more real body-build-

                  ing nutriment than meat or eggs
                  and costing much less and more

                             Two Shredded Wheat Biscuits (heated in the oven to
  restore crispness) eaten with hot milk or cream will
  :	supply all the nutriment needed for a half day’s work.

                  jfyM Deliciously wholesome and nourishing when eaten in
  !	'	I combination with canned pears, baked apples, stewed

                             prunes, sliced bananas or other fruits. Try toasted
                             TRISCU1T, the shredded wheat water, for luncheon
                             with butter, cheese or marmalade.

IL 1 “I* All in the Shreds”

 THE SHREDDED WHEAT COMPANY, NIAGARA FALLS, N.Y.

THE SCRIBNER PRESS

Sixty-Six
Per Cent.

 Statistics show that
 the retail prices of
 the principal ar-
 ticles of food in
 forty industrial cities in this country
 have advanced sixty-six per cent, in
 fourteen years. The price of

Shredded Wheat
 Let In
       Sunlight!

   The coffee-habit clouds many a
bright intellect.

   Don't let it be a perpetual handi-
cap to your ability for success!

   Leave off coffee and drink well-
made

POSTUM

  “There’s a Reason

 Postum comes in two forms.

 Regular Postum—must be well
 boiled.

 Instant Postum—doesn't re-
 quire boiling, but is prepared in-
 stantly by stirring a level tea-
 spoonful in a cup of hot water.

 Grocers sell both kinds.

POWDER

Absolutely Pure

The only baking powder
mado from Royal Crape
Cream of Tartar

No Alum, No Lime Phosphate

I/O OK

FT

OVER

aricflPee why

Waterman's

ions

    The genuine
 Baker's Ghcoa &-
 Baker’s (jjocolate

 have this trade mark on
 every Qjfy packagc

Feeds Ink Accurately

Thecardinal reason for so many folkswrit-
ing us that they have used one of our pens
with entire satisfaction for ten years (and
more), is the accuracy of the patented
Spoon Feed in supplying ink where and
when wanted. Try Waterman's Ideal.

From Leading Dealers
L. E W«term«n Company, 173 Broidwiy, New York

 WALTER BAKER,
 & CO. LTD.

 t DORCHESTER,MASS

   ESTABLISHED 1760

 BCG U.S.BAT OFP

StiiinimmflimumTmmnnnniinHiuiMininnMiiiimiiiiiiininiiniminmli