Copyright 1882-1888, by Beadle & Adams. Entered at Post Office. New York, N. Y., as second class matter. Mar. 15, 1S99.

                THE ARTHUR WESTBROOK CO.	VrA TV

 *> O. OU	Cleveland, Ohio	*

kooyrlght 1882 1888, »>y Beadle & Adams. Entered at Post Office, New York, N. Y., as second class matter. Mar. 15. *891

SIERRA SAM WAS CARRIED FROM TUB CABIN AND BOUND UPON THE BACK. OP A MCIA
Sierra, Sam’s Double

  Sierra Sam's Double;

OR,

The Three Female Detectives.

BY EDWARD L. WHEELER,

AUTHOR OP “DEADWOOD DICK” NOVELS, “SI-
ERRA SAM, THE DETECTIVE,” “ THE MINER
SPORT,” ETC., ETC., ETC.

CHAPTER I.

SIERRA SAM’S CADAVER.

The Flumeville stage rolled down into Flume-
ville, at precisely six o’clock, when the sun was

i'ust sinking behind the pine-clad peaks of the
)ivide, and the miners were quitting their
day’s work and coining “into town” from the
scene of their labors.

  As the stage always brought in the mail for
those of the rugged citizens who were fortunate
enough ever to receive any, and as the ponderous
vehicle always stopped at the tavern, to unload
its mail and passengers, six o’clock always saw
the representative citiz3us of the little city con-
gregated in and about the tavern.

  Flumeville was what an observer would have
called a well manned city, for the inhabitants
were all men.

  Only one woman had ever dawned upon the
rugged horizon, b?low which the little mining-
camp nestled; only one ca-^e of the softening
influence of the opposite sex was known among
the knights who wielded the pick and shovel in
Flumeville Gulch.

  The usual crowd was drawn up in line before
the. tavern, when Long Lige, the Jehu of the
stage, brought the vehicle to a halt.

  It was a rare thing for the stage to drop a
passenger at Flumeville, but to-night a man
clambered out of the conveyance, valise in
hand, and struck a bee-line for the bar-room,
where he procaeied to wash down the dust of
travel with a glass of “ bug-juice.”

  After he had “inclosed the beverage,” h*
smacked his lips with a grateful air, and looked
around him to take note of bis surroundings.

  Every inch a six-footer, as he stood in his
boots, he was as lean as a bean-pole—no appa-
rent superfluous flesh existing anywhere upon
his skeleton-like frame, to which his poorly-
tailored garments hung with great looseness.

  His face was equally thin and pinched, and
wore a ghostly and cadaverous expression,
while his eyes, black and sharp as a hawk’s,
were sunken beneath an overhanging pair of
shaggy eyebrows. His hair was tow-colored,
while of beard he wore none.

  After looking over the rough audience with
an inquiring gaze, the skinny gentleman turned
to the bar-maid, “ Jim Jackson’s gal, Mag,” as
the proprietor’s daughter was called—a smart,
quick-witted, and by no means homely, true-
western miss, of some sixteen summers, who
ran the tavern, while her father labored at the
“cradle.”

  “Ahem! Nice day!” the thin man observed,
by way of opening a conversation.

“Lovely!” Miss Maggie responded, busying

herself at polishing off the counter. “ Jest
drap down on the hearse?”

  “ I did that, expecting to find more of a
town. I am from Big Vista—heard of it I dare
say. My name is J unius Brutus Dunk.”

  “ Indeed! What a delightful name!” Maggie
said, with mock soberness. “ I s’pect you’re
one o’ the big guns up at Big Vista, Mr. Dunk
—eh ?”

  The lank man looked displeased.

  “ My name is not Domcey, miss—but Junius
Brutus Dunk. I flatter myself that I am one
of the representative gentlemen of Big Vista.”

  “ I judged likely,” Maggie allowed, turning
half around to suppress a giggle. “ Let me see
—haven’t I heard something: about there having
been a famine up there lately ?”

  Dunk colored, for he “tumbled” to her hint
quite readily; he was at first inclined to frown,
but finally brought to the surface of his cadaver-
ous face rather a ghastly smile..

  “ Well, not particularly; although I might
personally illustrate the contrary,” he replied.
“ By the way, you seem to be a pretty pert-
young miss—maybe you can answer me a few
questions?”

  “ Well, that depends. Can tell better arter
you ax ’em.”	»

  “That’s sure as you live! Well, to begin
with, do you know a man here in Flumeville by
the tiame of Sierra Sam?”

  Maggie looked surprised.

  “ Waal, I should say so,” she confessed, with
a nod. “ Guess thar’s few as don’t know Sam-
my.”

  “Ah!” then I am in luck by coming here.
What sort of a character is this Sierra Sam?”

  “ He? Waal, 1 guess you’ll find he’s about
the strangest character you ever tackled, ef
you go a-nosin’ inter his business. When he
ain’t disturbed he’s jest as playful and kittenish
as ye please; when h?’s r’iled he’s bad.”

  “ So I hear. Well, I must interview him, at
all events. If I get demolished, please have my
remains expressed back to Big Vista.”

  “ Waal, jest let me remind you that thar
won’t be no need of that,” Maggie suggested.
“ Sammy’s a pulverizar, Sammy is, and if he
should ever shake up your bones, there’d be
nothing left for transportation.”

  Dunk was probably not of that opinion, how-
ever, for he wandered leisurely about the bar-
room, awaiting the appearance of Mr. Sierra
Sam.

  In the course of an hour that individual put
in an appearance, armed with a shovel and
pan, and somewhat more mud-splashed and
grimy than was usual with the dashing Moun-
tain Ferret.

  His face and figure, however had lost none of
the old-time grace of outline, and his eyes
glowed with the same good nature as of old.
His long hair swept down to his shoulders, from
beneath his jaunty sombrero; his mustache and
imperial were as neatly pointed as ever.

  After depositing his tools in one corner, he
turned and gazed at the occupants of the room,
with a nod, his eyes finally resting upon Dunk.

  Something like a waggish glitter shot into his
eyes as he scanned the attenuated man, but ^
turned his glance away so as not to betray it.
Sierra. Sam's Double,

8

  Dank, seeming to realize that Sam was the
man he was looking for, soon came forward
and tapped the Californian on the shoulder.

  “ Excuse me, my friend,-’ he said; “ but have
I the honor of addressing Sierra 83111?*'

  “ I allow you have, if so be there is any
honor thereto attached!” Sam responded dryly.
“ I am generally known by the name of Sierra
Sara.”

  “And I am Junius Brutus Dunk, Esq., of
Big Vista, at your service. I came here 011
purpose to hunt you up and have a talk with
you on a matter of importance. So if you will
grant me a private interview, we will at once
get down to business.”

  “ Well, if your business is as important as
you intimate, perhaps we had better adjourn
to my palace,” Sam suggested. “ Come this
way.”

  He led the way from the tavern to a small
log-cabin near at hand, where be “ lived when
he was at home,” as be explained while en
route.

  It was furnished after the primitive frontier
style, aud yet was a neat, and, withal, a com-
fortable abode.

  Sierra Sam seated himself upon a stool at one
end of a long, rough table, and motioned the
man from Big Vista to take a like position at
the opposite end.

  “ Well, Mr. Dunk. I am all attention. Proceed
to unload as rapidly as you like.”

  “ That 1 tv ill, sir’,” the other replied. “ In the
first place, I wish to announce that I came here
for your individual interest, providing we can
come to terms—that is to say. I have an im-
portant revelation to make to you, which is
vastly to your pecuniary interest.”

  “ Ah! well, that is good news. Am I to fall
heir to half-a-dozen gold mines, or a million or
two in Government bonds?”

  “ Well, that depends. I am here, the posses-
sor of valuable data that to you means much.
I am the kind of a man who lives by his wits,
in preference to manual.”

  “So I should estimate,” Sam smiled, stroking
his chiu. “Judging by your personal appear-
ance, however, the effects of subsisting on the
strength of your wits lias rather rubbed against
your constitution, not?”

  Dunk frowned.

  “You are inclined to poke fun at me!” be de-
murred, evidently displeased. “ When you
come to know me better, you won’t do this.
Why, my dear man, 1 can lay you gently in the
lap of luxury, or do you incalculable injury at
will. My mission here is speculative. I come
to make terms with you, if you choose; if you
don’t, why I have other ends to further.”

  “ Consequently I am to know you as a super-
annuated shyster, eh?” Sam assumed, dryly.
“ My friend, I don’t think I care to entertain
any dealings with you.”

  “ But, you don’t understand—you don’t know
what you are talking about, my dear sir! You
don’t seem to realize that I am the man through
whose instrumentality you can win or lose a
fortune.”

  “ You think thusly?”

  “ I know it! All you’ve got to do is to come
to reasonable terms, and I will put you on the

track of a priceless fortune, which otherwise
you must remain in ignorance of all your
life.”

  “Well, that’s a pretty broad mouthful for
you to ask me to swallow,” Sam declared, calm-
ly! “You may be quite sharp, as far as sharp-
ness goes, but at the same time I flatter myself
it takes an uncommon human to ring in a deal
on Sam’l.”

  “ This is no deal.”

  “Wrell, maybe not. According to your out-
line, if I pay you a sum of money, you will in
return give me a fortune. Now, how much
money do you want in case I should feel dis-
posed to dicker with you?”

  “ Ah, you talk business now,” the man from
Big Vista exclaimed, rubbing bis hands together
patronizingly. “ It show? what good sense you
possess. I have always heard tell of you as a
brave, noble s^rt of fellow, and I cannot find it
in my heart to be hard c-n you. So if you will
give me a thousand, why I’ll give you the se-
cret, and we'll call it square. You cannot make
an independent fortune easier.”

  “ Not to let you tell it, very likely. But you
see I know better. Supposing 1 were to turn
around and tell you what you wish to sell to
me?”

  “ That you can't do,” Dunk growled.

  “ But I can, though! You wish to inform me
ten hundred dollars’ worth that I have a rich
old maiden aunt residing in Big Vista.”

  Junius Brutus looked astounded.

  “ This old maiden aunt, Tabitha Green by
name, happens to be nearing the portals eternal
possessed of two valuable gold mines. Having
read, no douht, of the promised difficulty rich
people shall encounter in getting a passport into
the realms of bliss, she wishes to give away her
riches to one of her two nephews, of whom I
chance to be one. Is this not so?”

  “Well?”

  “ Having known Tabitha’s desire to see her
long-haired relative, with a view to heaping
upon him some of her superfluous cash, you,
hired by nephew Number Two, set out in search
of nephew Number One, for the purpose of ter-
minating his existence in case you cannot make
better terms with him.”

  The Californian was now eying the man from
Big Vista sternly; the latter sat rigid on his
stool, his face even whiter than usual.

  “ I knew you were coming—I am glad to meet
you,” Sam pursued, with triumph. “ I guess
we can settle this matter here as well as else-
where. Don’t you think so?”

  And as he spoke be drew a revolver from hi»
hip-pocket and laid it on the table.

  Dunk gave vent to a gasp. He was trembling
in every limb from fear—that was evident
enough.

 “ What! you don’t mean to do me harm,
Sierra Sam,” he articulated, faintly. “ You are
wrong in your estimation of me. I have no de-
signs against your life in coming here. 1 simply
came to—”

  “ Make money out of me. But you cannot do
that. 1 am elways alive to all my personal in-
terests you bet, and able, as a general thing, to
anticipate the moves of my enemies. I do not
propose to harm you, sir: you are beneath my
4

Sierra. Sam's Double

notiee. But I want to show you that you are
as powerless to do me harm as a new-born babe.
I see you have a revolver in your belt. Please
draw it, level it at my head and fire.”

  Dunk saw the cool Californian fold his arms
across his breast, and a treacherous fire shot
into his sunken eyes. He made an effort, to move
his hand toward his belt, but could not.

   He tried to leap from his stool, but could not.
Scarcely a muscle could he move, while an ex-
pression of excruciatiug torture came upon his
cadaverous face.

  Sierra Sara fairly roared with laughter, and
picked up his revolver.

  “ You see you are mine, did I choose to use
you,” he said. “See!” and he touched a small
knob at one side of the table. “You were held
by electricity, which the stool administered to
you in such gradual currents that you were not
aware anything was the matter until you were
powerless. You are now at liberty to go. Take
the first stage back to Big Vista, or I’ll shoot

Sou tne next time I see you. When you get to
ig Vista tell all parties concerned to look out
for the arri val of Sierra Sam’l on the 5th of
Julv. Go /”

  Without further urging, Junius Brutus left
the cabin. To all appearances, he was a very
cowed and crestfallen man.

  But within his heart there rankled a venge-
ful, rancorous grulge against the calm man of
the Sierras, and once outside the cabin, he mut-
tered:

  “ Yes, I will go back to Big Vista, and—”

  The “and” was spoken with emphasis, and
seemed to imply a threat,

     V CHAPTER IL

MISTAKEN IN THE MAN.

   “ All aboard!” veiled the driver of the stage
plying between Kuuestowu, Silver Spur and
Big Vista. “ All aboard 1 Next station is Big
Vista!'’

  And he gave an extra emphatic crack to his
long-lashed whip, to warn his would-be passen-
gers that a start was to be made instauter from
Silver Spur, where a halt had been made for
supper.

  A number of passengers poured out of the
lunch saloon, eating as they came, and clam-
bered into and onto the great vehicle.

  Among those who came last, and was conse-
quently forced to resort to the top seats of the
conveyance, were two characters likely to at-
tract more than ordinary attention—the more,
perhaps, owing to the great contrast in their
personal appearance.

  One was a young female, clad in top-boots,
trowsers, a long hunting-shirt of knee length,
belted at the waist, and a plumed sombrero—a
girl of about seventeen summers, evidently,
with a fresh, round, rosy, pretty face, sparkling
dark eyes and happily-chiseled features—a girl
who, although of a somewhat reckless nature,
was amply able to take care of herself under all
circu instances.

  The other party was a meek-faced, clerical-
looking individual, with a fringe of cravat-
whiskers beneath his chin, and reaching to the
ears. A pair of deep blue goggles shaded his
^yes; his face was one of most sepulchral cast;

his hair was bushy, streaked with white, and
was topped out with a genuine Quaker, broad-
brim hat.

  Otherwise he was attired in fine broadcloth,
and beiug lame, walked with a cane.

  It was vvith a great effort that ho clambered to
the top of the stage—at least he gave vent to
enough grunts and “ ums” and “ahsl” to indi-
cate the fact of his physical disability.

  The Girl Sport who had nimbly mounted,
ahead of him, seemed to enjoy his attempt huge-
ly, as did two other outside passengers whom it
may be well to describe here.

  The one was a typical specimen of the border
rough. Not one of the evil-natured class, evi-
dently, but of that bragging, blatant species
commonly denominated in Western life as bull-
whackers—a fiery red-haired, full red-bearded
chap, the end of whoso nose was as red as a
cherry: whose eyes emitted a gleam of sluggish
shrewduess, and whose attire was about as greasy
and mud-begrimed as it well could be. His belt
bristled with revolvers and knives, which it was
evident he would not hesitate to use if it became
necessary to do so.

  The other man was of more dashing appear-
ance—was possessed of a fine figure and cool,
handsome face, with clear, unwavering dark
eyes, a firm, pleasant mouth, shaded by a grace-
ful mustache; he also wore a trim imperial;
his hair drooped to his shoulder; and altogether
he looked and dressed remarkably like the
frontier ferret, Sierra Sam.

  The Quaker finally succeeded in gaining a
seat on top of the coach; Jehu Jack gave his
whip another crack, aad away went the horses
and conveyance down the rough mountain trail,
just as the sun was setting over the rugged land-
scape now dotted here and there with summer’s
green.

  From one side to the other swayed the pon-
derous coach, owing to the unevenness of the
trail, threatening to capsize at any minute,
and the clerical individual grew extremely
alarmed.

  “Stop! stop!” he cried out, to the driver.
“ You’11 have us killed! Drive slower, I say.”

  “Go to Jericho!” heartily responded Jehu*
“ I’m drivin* this yer’ stage, pards, an’ I reckon
I regilate ther momentum ter suit my own self !”

  “ Yas. uncle!” the Girl Sport interposed, ey-
ing the Quaker amusedly; “ *tain’t no use git-
tin’ skeart. Jehu Jack knows his Y, Z, &’s,
you bet!”

  “ Verily I asked thee not for advice, unseem-
ly-clad girl,” was the retort, given in a chiding
wav.

  “ Oh! you don’t, eh?” the girl queried, a slight
flush coming to her cheeks. ‘‘Don’t like my
style o’ gear, then?”

  “ Verily, I do not. I mought say I was never
more shocked in my life, to witness such an un-
becoming masquerade in a young woman.
Verily the world groweth more and more sinful
each day. Ah! um.”

  And he heaved a deep sigh, and held tighter
to the railing, for fear he would be jerked off
upon the rocks.

  “ Yas, you bet she grows right pat, every
day!” the girl said. “ Sorry ye dislike my togs
tho’, old gent, ’cause I’m a square gal, ever^
Sierra Sam’s Double.

S

day in a week, and kin lick any galoot a9 says
I ain’t. My handle is Trumps, that’s my sheer
of the game o’ life, too. Jest put on male attire,
you see, because I want to vote; an’ then, too,
it makes locomotion easier. Bet yer boots ye’ll
get worse shocked than at me, ef ye land down
in Big Vista.”

  Obediah Potts, as he afterward gave his
name, did not reply, but instinctively clapped
his hand to the region of his trowsers pocket,
probably to see if his pocketbook was safe.

  Trumps laughed at this.

  “You'd better hang on to yer wallet, uncle,”
she suggested. “ Et ain’t an oncommon cir-
cumstance that this hyar hearse has been halted
by road agents, and the passengers relieved of
their filthy lucre. Preachers don’t stand no
more show than pilgrims wi’ the knights of
kleptomania.”

  '* Bet yer boots they don’t, or my name ain't
Snodgrass the Snorter!” put iu the bull whacker.
“ It don’t matter ef a man’s a parson or a Van-
derbilt—the ’gents pockets his rhino jest the
same. Guess ’tain’t much the galoots wull ever
get out o’ Suodgras the Suorter, tbo\”

  “ Ye don’t want ter go snortin’ tew certain
about that,” Trumps warned, looking the man
over with a single searching glance. “’Sf>ect
big meu has to weaken when it comes to facin’
road-agents. S’pose, tho\ judgin’ by your title,
that you are some pumpkins when you’re tew
home!”

  “ Waal, I am that, you bet! I am bad—very
bad!” Snodgrass asserted, with a dignified air,
that was ludicrous in itself. “ I am sometimes
so bad that bull towns stampede to escape my
vengeance. My principal holt is swallerin’ men
half-way, bitin’ off their ears, an’ spittin’ ’em
out. I alius breakfast on a pairoi tender souse,
dine 011 a bite of some galoot’s clean-shaved
cheek, and sup on a plump arm or spare rib.
Oh, yes, Pm snortin’ bad, am I, Snodgrass!”

  And, with a grave shake of his bead, the
“bad” man- serenely proceeded to pick his
pearly white teeth with a knife.

  Obediah Potts smothered a groan of righteous
horror, and cast a sidelong glance at the red-
headed man of cannibalistic propensi t ies.

  If he had any idea of expressing his opinion of
a man of such inhuman tastes, his intention was
cut short by the sudden halting of the stage in a
gloomy pass.

  The cause was evident enough.

  On every side of the coach swarmed a crowd
of masked men, iu red flannel shirts and black
pants, top-boots and plumed slouch hats, and
every man except one held a carbine leveled to-
ward the coach.

  The excepted man, who was burly of figure
and evidently the captain of the band, at once
advanced toward the coach.

  “ Shell out, gentlemen!” he called out, stern-
ly. “ No time for parley. Your money or your
lives!”

  No one responded.

  Obediah Pott’s teeth began to chatter, although
his face did not seem to grow particularly pale;
and it struck Trumps, who was watching him,
that the teeth-chatter was more a piece of actin’
than anything else.

  “Come! come!” the road-agent chief cried.

“If you don’t pan out, I’ll order fire. Ye can’t
trifle with me.”

  Tbe inside passengers responded by handing
out their pocketbooks; Trumps, Snodgrass the
Suorter, and the long-baired passenger also
handed over pocketbooks, somewhat noticeable
for their flatness.

  At which the captain growled.

  “ Say, this is a cussed poor haul!” he cried,
with an oath. “Aire ye sure ye ain’t got any
better ter offer?-’

  “Better tackle outward-bound stages; they
pan out better. Pilgrims generally go in broke
and come out flush!” Trumps explained, with a
laugh.

  44 Mebbe!” tbe captain responded. “ Hello, old
Quake! where’s you?' mite?”

  “ Verily, sir, I am a minister of the Gospel,
and my purse bath in it but sufficient to purchase
a single meal!” Obediah said, faintly.

  “Can’t help it—shell out!” the'captain or-
dered. 44 Tumble it down beer!”

  With a groan, the solemn man obeyed; then
the captain fixed his gaze upon the long-haired
man upon the stage heretofore mentioned.

  “Sierra Sam!” be cried. “You will be re-
quired to stop off and accompany us to head-
quarters. 'You’re just the man we’ve been look-
ing for!”

  The long-haired man looked astonished.

  “ What d’ye mane!” be demanded, in a strong
Irish accent. “ I’m no Sierra Sam, at all. at all!
Terry McNorrin’S me name, sur, if ye pl’aze.”
“But you see I don’t ‘pl’aze,’ despite your
well-feigned Irish brogue!” the road-agent de-
clared. 44 You’re Sierra Sam, plain enough to
suit my notion; so pile down cff from that
stage instauter, or I’ll have you shot where you
are!”

  McNorrin saw that it was useless to disobey,
so he reluctantly descended from the stage.

  As he i-lambered down, Snodgrass, the bull-
whacker, whispered:

44 It needn’t worry you: I’ll get your release!”
“ Get along with that stage!*’ yelled the cap-
tain, as the Irish Spotter stepped down upon
the ground. “ Tbe next time ye come along,
see that ye fetch more swag!”

  44 Next time you’ll get a lead chromo, maybe!”
Trumps called out.

  Then the stage rolled rapidly away, Jehu
Jack whistling as merrily as if nothing had
happened.

  It was not tbe first time bis conveyance had
been baited by these same gents of the trail,
and therefore it was, as he remarked, 44 second
nature to him.”

  After the departure of tbe stage-coach, Mc-
Norrin’s arms were bound behind his back, and
he was sent ahead of the main gang, in charge
of two of the outlaws.

  After leaving the pass, they struck a route up
the bed of a little creek, which flowed through
a transverse ravine.

  Following this stream, by slow stages for an
hour—for the water was knee-deep and wading
was difficult—they finally emerged into a rocky
pocket or mountain-surrounded valley, where
some time there had evidently been an Indian
6	Sierra. Sam‘3 Double.

village, for a number of skin-lodges still stood
in a circle.

  McNorrin was taken to one of these lodges, and
left there, duly the captain remaining with him.

  After taking a drink from a bottle that stood
upon a sort of deal table, the outlaw approached
the Irishman.

  “ So you insist that you are not Sierra Sam,
do you?” be demanded.

  “ Faith, and I do!” Terry replied. “ Shu re I
niver heard divil a thing of Sierra Sam afore,
and don’t know a won of him.”

  “ I know better. You see, I have an acquaint-
ance who met you over in Flumeville, a bit of
awhile ago, and you sent word you would be in
Big Vista the fifth day of Juiy. This is the 5th,
and you are Sierra Sam.”

  “ Beg the pardon of yez, but you lie like the
divil!” Teddy declared, unflinchingly. “ I niver
was in Flumeville in me life^ D’ye mind the
red-whiskered galoot on the stage?”

  “Yes.”

  “Waal, sur, he spake in me ear, as I got off,
not to be onaisy, as he’d fix it up all right for
me—so very likely that was your man, in dis-
guise.”

  The captain uttered a curse.

  “ If you should chance to b9 right, it is a
remarkable coincidence, this chance resem-
blance, and all that saves your life!” he growled.

  He then blew a whistle, and another road-
agent entered.

  “ I say, King, look at this* man sharply. Is
this Sierra Sam?”

  The road-ageut stared hard at McNorrin, and
shook bis head.

  “Don’t think so,” he said. “The two are
remarkably alike, however. Indeed, I can de-
tect but one difference—that, too, something no
one else would notice.”

  The outlaw chief retired from the lodge in
disgust.

  Two days later he once more visited McNor-
rin in the lodge where had been confined.

  “You were right,” he said. “ I have re-
ceived a communication that satisfies me you
are not Sierra Sam. Outside you will fiud a
man ready to escorc you back to the vicinity of
Big Vista.”

  After the Iri.?h Spotter was gone, the captain
swora rou'\;lly, and took a letter from his
pocket an I opened it.

  It ran .as follows:

                       “Bio Vista, July 5tli, 18—.
“Dp, Wolf Deering, Sir:—

  “ The man y.rn took from the coach is not Sierra
Sam. although Sierra Sam arrived here the same
hour the coach di I, and male inquiries for you.
You had better return, when it shall pleasa the
writer of this to give you further information.

                       “ Yours, etc., Unknown.”

  “ And who the d?uce is unknown?” Deering
grunted, as he tore the letter into shreds.
“ Possibly the male-attired girl who sassed me
back from the coach. If so, I shall have to buy
her off, or—”	_

CH APTER III.

THE TWO SNODGRASSES.

  Big Vista!

  Location—in the Sierra Nevada.

 Site—high up the mountain-side, upon a
natural shelving ledge or plateau, which over-
looked the yawning gulf below, and beyond
this a lower rugged broken range of hills,
sparsely timbered and possessed of some rather
wildly beautifully scenic qualities, not to the
rugged eye of the miner, but to the eye ro-
mantic of the day-dreaming tourist.

  It wasn’t much of a city, Big Vista.

  It possessed enough able-bodied men to work
its quartz drifts, which ran back into the moun-
tain ; it had a small complement of gamblers,
roughs and adventurers in general, such as are
identical with nearly every miuing-camp, and
that was about all, not forgetting that Big
Vista possessed several citizens of the fairer
sex.

  Access was had to the place by a dizzy stage
route that wormed its way down the mountain-
side, and through the gulf toward Silver Spur,
but it was seldom traveled except by Jehu
Jack’s semi-weekly stage.

  Of the business places in Big Vista might be
mentioned first of all, the post-office, which
was located in a little cigar-store shanty super-
intended by one Angel; then followed a general
store, five saloons, a smithy, ore-breaker and
mill, several small enterprises, a theater and
fifty shanties.

  The “ post-office,” however, in the miud of
some people, was rhe most attractive place of
interest in Big Vista, for the reason that it was
superintended by the “ purty gal ” of the place.

 Angel, she said her name was, when one
morning she dropped down into the rough
camp, but Angel what she did not mention.

  She said she was out of luck, and wanted to
know if there was any sort of position in Big
Vista where an honest and respectable girl
could earn a decent liviug.

  A meeting was at once held, and the question
considered; and it was decided there was.

 Chauncy Bloker, Big Vista’s blear-eyed P.
M., bad recently been suspieioned of horse-
stealing, to say nothing of robbing the mails;
so the aforesaid Bloker was immediately in-
vited out to a lynch picnic, and Angel was in-
stalled in his place, at a moderate salary. She
soon succeeded in saving up enough to purchase
a stock of cigars and tobacco, and combined the
two businesses profitably.

  In some respects, the girl, with her seventeen
or eighteen ye’ars, did not fall short of what her
name implied.

  It was no matter of secrecy that she was the
prettiest piece of femininity that had ever set
foot in Big Vista.

  She always dressed plainly but yet neatly;
her every move indicated grace and refinement.
She was habitually agreeable to customers, but
still enough reserved to preclude the possible
idea that she cared to be sociable with any one.

 This very fact made her more friends than
she was aware of, even though it may have won
hgr a few enemies.

  One moraine, nearly a week after the stage-
coach robbery, Miss Angel was engaged in
dusting off her cigar-case, and putting things to
rights, when a shadow darkened the doorway,
and looking up she saw a stranger standing
upon the threshold.
Sierra Sam's Double.

  It was the man of professed cannibalistic pro-
pensities, Snodgrass—surnamed the Snorter, and
since his coming to Big Vista had been rechris-
tened Kittens by some of the local bums, who
had challenged him to knock off their hats, but
without effect.

  “ Gude-mornin’, mum!’’ spoke Snodgrass,
doffing his battered semblance of what at some
remote period had been a plug hat. “ This ver*
is an all-fired fine morn in’, neow ain’t it. ’The
birds aire a-vocalizin’ in the tree-tops—ther in-
sects aire rironin’ through sunlit etberialism—
I’m sufferin’ fer a smoke. Be-a-u-tiful mornin’l”
Angel flashed an inquiring, half-amused glance
at the bullwhacker.

  “ Yes, it is quite pleasant this morning,” she
replied.

  “ Gorgeous!” Snodgrass declared, seeming to
grow more assured, and stealing softly along to
the counter. “How et do sublimity tiier nature
o’ mortal humanity tew see things joggin’ along
so durned nice! I’m an eesthtte, I am—cl’ar
down to my heart’s e’na’most corner, you bet,
an’ 1 worship natur’s manifold wonders. But
I also rather luv compressed lead-pencil-sbaj>ed
editions o’ tobacco, an’ the fact is, my financial
status air rather deteriorated at present. So, 1
thought I’d drap in to iuquisitate ef ye ever
trust!”

  “ Oh! ves—I trust in the All-Wioe /rovidence,
as every one should!” Miss Angel replied, dust-
ing awav vigorously. “ That’s the safest account
one can run nowadays.”

  “ But, ye see, I referred to the terbcc!” Snod-
grass declared, with a grin, which his red beard
made ludicrous. “ D’ye ever ’comydate broken-
up pards wi’ stick ’baccy, on tick?”

  “ Never!” Angel replied, shaking her head.

  “ Or, just hardly ever, so to sptak?” the bull-
whacker perpetrated, evidently believing he had
made a hit.

  “ Never!” Angel said again. “ I pay as I owe
—I never owe. Good-day, sir!”

  “ But, see hyar!” protested the Snorter, “ I
ain’t gone yet. I must have a smoke or I shall
kerflummix right heer, frum sheer wautiveness.
So set out yer dice, an’ show yer angelic quali-
ties.”

  “If you get beat—”

  “ I get nothin’!”

  “ If I get beat?”

  “ You’ve got ter set up ther best five-bit-ers
your shebang boasts of!”

  Angel smiled.

  “ Well, I guer-i your assurance deserves a
treat,” she said, reaching for the dice cup, and
with one tip spilling five aces upon the counter.
Snodgrass whistled his surprise.

  “You be great, you be!” he allowed, only
succeeding in turning a full hand.

  Next time he threw less—three trays, and
Angel quietly beat it with five fours, and re-
stored the box to its place on the shelf.

  Whereat Snodgrass looked blank.

  “Alas! alas! such is fate!” he murmured,
sadly. “ I hearn et tell tbet the women war tew
much fer men at gamin’, and I reckon she’m
so.”

  “Well, I won’t let you suffer.” Angel said,
amiling. “ I may need to be befriended some
day myself, so stick these in your vest pocket.”

  And she threw half a dozen good cigars out
upon the counter.

  Snodgrass gazed at her a moment in evident
astonishment, then he picked up the cheroots
with a'hand nearly as white as Angel’s own.

  “ Gal, you’re a jewel 1” he said, at the same
time flipping a gold eagle out upon the counter.
“ Thou art an augel, fer sure,

                   ‘ As fair at heart
                   ‘ As fair complected,

by gum! But, nuther am I a tramp, bet yer
’baccy on thet ! I’m Snodgrass, I am, o’ great
appetizing renown—Snodgrass ther Snorter,
you bet!”

  “ Well, neow, pilgrim, I beg ter orgy on thet
leetle p’iut!” a voice cried, and the post-office
immediately afterward bad another occupant.

 Angel uttered a cry of astonishment, and
rubbed her eyes to make sure she saw aright.

  The new-comer was an exact counterpart, in
every respect, of the man who had just tempted
fortune at the dice-box.

  Snodgrass No. 1 turned around and gazed at
the new-comer in evident anger at the inter-
ference.

  “Hello! great yowlin’ wild-cats, what d’ye
meau?” he roared.

  “ I mean thet you’re a consarned lyin’ decep-
tion—a consummate counterfeit—a designin’,
diaboleriKal cheat!” the other cried, bristling
up. “ Pm the famous Snodgrass, the Snorter,
right up from Sorrocco, ther bad, bad man who
chews up humans fer fcdder, 1 am, you bet!”
“Ditto byer!” asserted No. 1. “My best
holt is chawin’ off ears, cheeks, arms, an’ dis-
sectin’ ther delicacies o’ fine old sparerib. Snod-
grass am I, ther great, original bad-bad double-
steam chested Snorter, from Sorrocco C'itj7, you
bet yer bonanzas, every day in a week and
twice on Sunday'”

  The two men looked at each other, something
like a grim smile coming into their eyes.

  “Waal, this beats my time!” No. 2 grunted,
scratching his chin.

  “ Knocks me cl’ar off my base!” No. 1 sighed.
“You aire the cheeriest liar I ever met in my
life, ’pon my cannibalistic honor.”

  “ An’ you’re the cuss?dest lyin’ fame-stealer I
ever hearn tell on!” No. 2 fired back. “Iam
Snodgrass the Snorter!” "

 “ I am Snodgrass the Snorter—you bet!”
from No. 1.

  ,“ How ye goin’ ter prove it?”

  “ How are you?”

 “ B’unno. Reckon thar’s no way, except to
settle it atwixt ourselves.”

  “ That’s sure as preachin’. Let’s adjourn to
some quiet spot, and square up.”

  “I’m willin’. Wait till I get some cigars,”
and No. 2 flung a gold eagle upon the counter,
took a dozen cigars and the change Angel gave
him; then the two Snodgrasses left the place
and saunt- red down the stage-trail. soon disap-
pearing below the level of the great plateau.

 Angel had followed them to the door, and
gazeri after them in curiosity.

  “ Well, that is the strangest occurrence I ever
heard of,” she murmured, with a puzzled look.
“ I wonder, upon my word, which is Snodgrass?
It is quite evident that one of them is, and one
Sierra, Sam's Double,

is not; but, which is which appears to be a co-
nundrum. Ha! ha! strange—strange! But, I
haven’t done so bad a trade, for a morning start.
I wonder if those ten-dollar gold-pieces Are good?
I scarcely glanced at them.”

  She went behind the counter, and took them
from a bos where she had previously placed
them.

e of them was all right,
e back of the other one had been ground off,
and a picture of a man engraved in tbe place of
the official stamp!

  It was a most expert piece of workmanship,
and the picture was of a man of handsome face,
with mustache, imperial, long hair, and slouch
hat—a man whose appearance was of the type
peculiar to the prairie scout.

  Angel gazed at the face admiringly.

  “That settles it!” she murmured. “ One of
those man was tbe negative of this likeness, in
disguise. B it, which one? True as I live, I
don’t know which man gave t'lis coin!”

  She tried to rec >llect, but could not, for she
had taken only a quick glauce at either eagle
which had b-jen given her.

  “Oh! wall; i’ll keep it, and fall in love with
the owner of the face. Mavbe he will call for
the coin,” she said, aloud with a merry laugh,
as she slipped it into her pocket.

  A step upon the threshold, jmt then, caused
her to turn quickly around, her cheeks flushing
scarlet.

  “ On! Mr. Deering, is it you?” she exclaimed.
“ You startle I me.”

  “S.) I pjrceiv*,” Deering said, advancing
into the rojm. “Every one is liable to be
startled!”

  An i he laughed, sarcastically.

  He was a mau of rather heavy build an I
medium stature; his dress was tioroughly
“ citizen,” an i faultless as regards fit and tex-
ture: his face was a commouplace one, of dusky
complexion, pu sessin’ n > particularly attractive
feature; his eyes were jetty black, as was his
ha if, an i hi3 rather sensual mouth was shaded
by a flerce-looking mustache.

  “By the way,” he continued, as he saw the
flush deepen upon her faca, “ who is the owner
of the face whose likeness you just slippel
into your pocket?”

  “ It is nob for you to know, Mr. Impudence,”
Angel responded. “ It was not your picture.”

  “ Oh! wasn’t it?”

  “ Well, I guess not!”

  “ Pshaw, you are foolish, Angel, to be offish
toward me. Where iu all Big Vista can you
find a better man to cling to through life?”

  “ Big Vista is such a great city that I really
don’t know,” the girl rapliel dryly. “ I’ve a
wide world, though, to make my choice
from.”

  “Pshaw. Your position is against you. Who
do you im lgine would have you, a cigar-store
girl, but iufatuateI me?”

 “Oh! my! What conceit! Supposing I
should make an announcement that I was in
the marl* et—how many of Big Vista’s pilgrims
do you suppose would come to the fore?’’
Deering' scowled.

  “None!” he said. “They all know better
than to infringe on my claims.”

  A man stepped into tbe store just then, and
tipped his bat to the Angel.

  “Excuse me!” he said, “ but could you tell
me where I can find the residence of Miss
Tabibba Green?”

CHAPTER IV.

TOO MANY ACES.

 De Wolf Deering wheeled around with an
oath at the query of the new-comer, and then
added a second one.

  The stranger who stood in the doorway was
Sierra Sam.

  Or wa3 it the Irish Spotter, McNorrin?

  These questions went quickly through Deer-
ing’s mind.

  “ Oh! are you the man.” Sam asked, with a
smile, “ who knows of the residence of Miss
Green?”

  “ I reckon I am. What does it concern you?”
Deering demanded, savagely.

  “ It concerns me to the extent that I am here
to see this Miss Green,” Sam replied, uuruffled.
“ If you do not see fit t<> impart the information
I desire, perhaps I can find out elsewhere.”

  “ I can tell you—” Angel began, but Deering
turned upon her so fiercely that she stopped
speaking.

  “ You shut up!” he growled, “or it will be
the worse for you.”

  Then he turned to the Sport.

  “ Who are you, and what do you want with
Tahitha Greeu?” be demanded
“ Emphatically it is none of your business, De
Wolf Deering,” was the prompt reply. “I
didn’t coma here to make a mau of your stamp
acquainted with my business, by any means, so
l’li bid you good-day.”

  De Wolf Deering did not follow him as he
turned and strode away, but instead, turned to
Angel.

  “ You see that galoot?” he queried, noting the
fact that the girl was watching the Californian’s
retreating figure with interest.

  “ I see him, to be sure,” Angel replied, coldly.
“ An attractive appearing person.”

  “ Humph! he won’t appear so attractive when
he gets through with me, cuss him! D’ye know
who he is?”

  “It has just occurred to me,” the girl nodded.
“ Miss Green told me a few days since that her
other nephew was coming here soon, and that
she was going to choose between him and your-
self as the heir to her wealth.”

  “She told you this, did she?” Deering hissed,
his face growing darker than was usual. “ She
told you this?”

  “ She did; and I presume likely you will fall
short of the liberal allowance of pocket-money
you have had, through being the manager of
her affairs,” Angel answered, watching him
with something like a triumphant expression in
her eves.

  “Never! never!” Deering gritted, his face
flaming with rage. “ I’ll teach this puppy.
Sierra Sam, that he made a disastrous move
when he came to Big Vista, mark my words.
As for you, I do believe you would rejoice in my
downfall.”

  “Of course, with all the angelic z^st of my
nature,” she fired back. “ I do not admire you,
Sierra. Sam’s Double.

9

Mr. Deering—I told you that when I first came
to listen to your would-be- loverly proposals.
Since then you have made yourself more and
more obnoxious, until I assure you I cannot
bear you. So please remember this, and govern
yourself accordingly.”

  Deering glared at her in evident astonish-
ment. It was the first time she had ever ex-
hibited such independence and ruffled temper.

  “Well, curse me if I ever expected" you to
turn on me in such a way,” he ejaculated.
“ But you’ll find you will lose by it. You shall
yet learn to fear and love me at the same time.
The day is dawning when it shall become ne-
cessary for me to put on the screws, so to
speak, and prove thaii my will here in Big Vista
is law.”

  He turned then and left the store.

  “Oh, you bad, wicked man!” Angel said,
after be was gone. “You are a desperado, but
you’ll find you cannot scare me. I’d rather be
your enemy than your friend.”

  Miss Tabitha Green, spinster, the owner of
the only paying miues in Big Vista, and the
possessor of other wealth in money, bonds, etc.,
resided in a comfortable bouse near the center
of the little town, in company with her pet cat.
canary, poll-parrot, and house-plants, and with
only one attendant, whose color was black, and
who filled the position of domestic and mau-of-
all-work.

  Claud '' was his name, and be put on airs that
indicated tiis equality with Big Vista’s most im-
portant citizens.

  Miss Green, t ’though in the fifty-sixth year
of single blessedness, was rather a shrewd,
sociable woman, with less of the peevish old-
maid characteristics than might have been ex-
pected of her; and she was friendly to all well-
disposed persons.

  But, although neighbors she had a-plenty, she
seldom was seen outside of her home.

  During the same forenoon of the day that
witnessed the unpleasant interview between
Angel and De Wolf Deering, Claudie thrust his
ebony visage in at the door of Miss Tabitba’s
room, and showed his ivories in a most ludi-
crous grin.

  “ ’Seuse me, missy, but dar’s a man at de do’
dat desires to interview de boss ob de house!” he
said.

  “ A man, Claudie?” Miss Green cried, ner-
vously. “What kind of a man?”

  “ White gem’man, missy—long hair, mus-
tache, imperial—r^g’lar masher, fo’ snrih!”

  “Oh! my! and I haven’t got my hair in pa-
pers even!” Miss Green murmured, smoothing
out her apron, and adjusting the ruffled collar.
<-ShowT the gentleman in, Claudie.”

  The servant retired, and soon the same person
■who had inquired for Miss Green’s abode, at the
post-offir-e, entered the room, closing the door
behind him.

  “My deai- aunt'” he exclaimed, stepping for-
ward, with outstretced hand, “you can not
guess bow glad lam to meet you at last—you
whom I have heard so much of, and long desired
to meet!”

  “ Is it possible?” Miss Green gasped, rising—
**can it b%possible that you are really—”

  “Sam Slocum, you bet!” the handsome man

exclaimed, heartily. “I’ve been here several
days, and finding out this was your abiding-
place, I concluded to drop around and see you.”
“ I aim so glad that you did. 1 have been wish-
ing to see my elder sister’s son very much!” and
Miss Green shook hands with him, and they both
became seated.

  “ So you are Sammy, are you?”

  “ I am, in truth. And you, I see, are my mo-
ther’s much-talked of maiden sister. I should
know you by the strong resamblance you bear to
my poor mother.”

  “Why, indeed; bow strange! I always heard
people say we bore no resemblance to each
other, whatever.”

  “ Oh! possibly in your younger days, you may
have not. But, latterly, up to the time of my
mother’s decease, she looked very much like
you.”

  “Ah! well, perhaps. You, I see, have grown
up to be a strong, healthy aud good-looking man.
Have you any particular trade or profession,
Sammy?”

  “Ob! yes. Iam independent, so far as that
is concerned. I am a detective, and devote my
time to bunting down evil-doers.”

  “ Indeed! I am proud to know you are work-
ing in so good a cause. Have you seen De Wolf,
your cousin? De Wolf is my right-hand man.”
“ Yes, 1 have seen him, and my impression of
him is hardly favorable. I should judge you
needed a left-hopd man to watch the right.”
“What! is it possible you do not fancy De
Wolf? He is a very influential citizen, here in
Big Vista, aud has the whole charge of my busi-
ness.”

  “You may regret having confidence in him,”
the new- nephew' said. “ For my part, I do not
take any stock in him, and don’t care how soon
he knows it.”

  About the same hour that Mis*. tSreen was en-
tertaining ber visitor, we ch.inge the scene to
Big Vista’s principal saloon, over the entrance
to which was a sign bearing the inscription:

“FRENCH FAN’S ‘FIND.’”

  It was a big barn-like one-storv aflfair, of
rough lumber/ with no floor other than the
rocky level of the plateau upon which the town
was built.

  There was the usual complement of chairs and
tables for the devotees of games of chance; there
was a bar for the accommodation of the thirsty,
and in one corner was a platform, where a
vicious-looking Italian was employed to grind
out stereotyped strains of music from a nearly
played-out"hand-organ—which, by the way, was
the best music the young camp could afford, or
produce, the talent not runninir in that direction.

  As w'e enter the saloon, we find the occupants
to be a crowd of miners and gamblers, the
usual linbitues of places of the kind.

  There were but few engaged in games, the
majority lounging about here and there, smok-
ing and drinking and chatting.

  At one table De Wolf Deering was lounging,
idly drummiug on the polished top, and allow-
ing his gaze to follow the graceful figure of the
proprietress of the place as she moved about.

  Sb« was a young woman, not tar out of her
10

Sierra Sam’s Double.

teens, evidently, and possessed of a petite, grace-
fully-molded form, a fair, fascinating face, with
eyes and mouth to match, and dressed and
looked all too prettily for the position she occu-
pied.

  For, although no evil reports had ever as-
sailed her, she was noted as an expert card-sharp
and successful gambler.

  As she sauntered around where Deering was,
keeping a i eye about the room, to see what was
going on, he norlderl to her, and said:

  “You seem to be idle this afternoon?”

  “ Yes, no business at all, to speak of. Perhaps
  ou want to play?” and a musical laugh followed
  er words.

  “ Although always unlucky, when I play with
you, I am not afraid of you!” he responded.
“Sit down, and while you win a V from me, I
want to talk with you.”

  “ Very well. You can afford to lose money.
But, for heaven’s sake don’t refer to your
usual topic of conversation,” she said, seating
herself opposite him, and producing a pack of
cards.

  “You need not worry,” Deering answered
scowling. “ I’ve given up loving any one but
myself. Do you remember that 1 once did you
a great service, Fan?”

  “ I am not apt to forget it,” was the reply,
and a strange expression soon came over her
face.

  “ I thought you would not,” he said, sig-
nificantly. “ It was the greatest service I
ever have done auy one. And now, when in
trouble, I believe you would be willing to help
me.”

  “ Most certainly; what is it you want?1'

  “ Well, I’ll tell you. You remember I told
you Sierra Sam was about to come hare, and
that there was a prospect that my old aunt
would put him in my place, because I’ve an
idea she has suspicions' that I do not deal hon-
estly with >ier in regard to the financial man-
agement of the mines.”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Well, this Sierra Sam has put in an appear-
ance—not only once, but twice.”

  “ Twice! How do you mean?”

  “ 1 mean that there are two men in this town
who look precisely alike in every respect, and
both, I have no doubt, will claim to be the orig-
inal Sierra Sim.”

  “ How strange! Which is right?”

  “ That remains to be told. There are also two
roughs, Snodgrass by name, who are as exactly
alike as the other two. One of these roughs is
real: the other I have every reason to believe is
the real Sierra Sam.”

  “ Aud you don’t know either of these respec-
tive t-vo parties apart?”

  “ I do not. There is but one man who knows
the two Sams apart.”

  “ Who is that?”

  “ Junius Bratus Dunk.”

  “Ah! then perhaps he can give you the in-
formation you want?”

  “ But be will not do so. He has a scheme on
foot to fetch forward one of these men as the
rightful heir to a part of the wealth should
Tabitha die. Which string he is working, I do
not lqjow. He admits no knowledge of either

man, or that he is interested in either. Now, I
want to find out which is the genuine Sierra
Sam, my cousiu, and I want you to do it for
me, and mark him so I will know him. Then I’ll
settle the case of who is to be Tabitha Green’s
heir in short order.”

  “ How am 1 to do this?”

  “I’ll leave that to your woman’s wit. You
find out for me, and I’ll give you five thousand
dollars clear cash. You know I am good for it.
’Shi as I live, here comes one of the Sams!”

  They went to playing very briskly as Sierra
Sam came sauntering along, his movements
characterized by grace and ease, and his face as
handsome as was the usual wont of the famous
frontier ferret.

  Leisurely along to the table he sauntered, and
there paused, his hands carelessly locked behind
his hips and a cigar in his mouth.

  “ Well, what do you want?” Deering growled,
looking at him with a savage scowl.

  “ Nothing particularly,” was the composed
answer, “ except that I observe you have one
more ace of hearts in your hand than is allow-
able in the geueral games of ca'rds.”

  French Fan quickly reached over, snatching
the cards from Deering’s hand, and perceived
that the stranger was right.

  Deering quickly arose, whipping a revolver
from bis hip holster.

  But he didn’t fire. _

CHAPTER V.

A STRANGE DUEL.

  The next instant there sprung forward a girl-
ish figure clad in semi-inale attire,and confronted
the mine superintendent, a pair of six-shooters
cocked and leveled in her grasp.

  “ Hey! hello thar, will ye!’; she cried. “ Shoot
this purty feller, will ye? Well, I guess not.
My name's Trumps, every day in a week, and
I’ll jest hitch outer ther Sport hyer, as a pard,
and stand by him!”

  “Cuss ye I what d’ye mean?” Deering de-
manded. “ Put up your tools and get out of
here, or I will soon put you out!”

  “Ball! Who’s afraid of you? I ain’t!” Miss
Trumps declared, emphatically. “ I’ve seen a
feller of about your size before, and didn’t
skeer fer a cent. D’ye want I should locate the
meeting?”

  “ Don’t dare to do it!” Deering hissed. “I’ll
see you later. In the mean time, this tramp
owes me an apology.”

  And h*} nod led to Sierra Sam.

  “ In what way do I owe you an apology, pray?"’
Sierra Sam queried, his eyes scanning the face
of Deering with a stern gaze.

  “ Oh, for exposing his exceeding good hand!”
French Fan said, laughing.

  “ Exactly!” Deering announced, with an oath.
“You sailed in here and lipped into my game,
an’ ye’ve got to apologize or give me satisfac-
tion. D’ye know who I am?”

  “ You are my estimable cousin, judging by
your polished manner,” Sam replied, with bit-
ter sarcasm.

  “ Then ye claim to be Sierra Sam, do you?”
Deering growled.

  “ Why, of course! Why not? The other in-
dividual is an impostor!”
Sierra Sam's Double.

11

  “ So you say: what does he say?”

“ Don’t know, sir. I haven’t interviewed
him, as yet. Does he claim to be Sierra Sam?”
“ Yes, he does, an’ all I want to find out is,
which is the genuine. I’ll then make Big Vista
too hot for him to live in it!”

  “ Oh I will you? Why not proceed directly to
business, then, for I am undoubtedly the genuine
Slocum, of the Sierras.”

  “That remains to be proven yet. However,
you must apologize to me or fight—take your
choice. I never receive an insult wituout re-
taliating, you bet!”

  “ As your dutiful cousin, I must admire your
grit, and if necessary, accommodate you. I
never apologize, without strong cause, so nomi-
nate your weapons, and I’m ready. The sooner
I dispose of you, the better show I shall stand of
inheriting Aunt Tabitha’s gold mines.”

  “ You’ll never get ’em, nor the other feller,
either,” Deering growled. “ I do not cars to
have an open and disgraceful public fight w'itb
you, sir; but I see that it is necessary.”

  “ Positively so,” Sierra Sam assured. “ I
haven't bad a good, square row in over a month,
and rather do for you than most any man I
know. A pretty good way to settle is to get
up on top of the house-ridge, and engage iu a
fist combat—the man who gets tumbled off tbe
roof to be considered the satisfied man. How
does that strike you?”

  “ Good fer yer! You’re a brick, and I’m
your pard, through thick and thin,” cried
Trumps, taking her place beside the Sport.
“ What d’ye say, Serious—can’t I have that
honor?”

  “ Well, that remains for you to say, as I am
not personally forming partnerships nowadays!”
Sam responded.

  “ Ken’t help that, Sammy! I’m a lone or-
phan, ’thout any big brother, an’ I’ve got to
cling to some one, so I’d just as lief take you as
any one else. I ain’t afeard to sass or shute
the biggest rough that ever walked, an’ when it
comes to counterplotting ag’in’ sich fellers as De
Wolf Deering, I’m thar /”

  “ Well, use your own judgment about your
actions, and look out you don’t get the rival
sons of the Sierras mixed up. Now, cousin,
what say ?”

  “You have the choice—we will adopt your
plan!” Deering answered. “ I am glad to have
so good a chance ta make an exhibition of you.
Meet me on the roof of this place half an hour
hence.”

  “ Kerect!” Sierra Sam assented, as the super-
intendent of Miss Tabitha Green’s mines left’the
saloon.

  The excitement now began to ripen. A duel,
and especially one of such a peculiar character,
was not an every-day occurrence in Big Vista’s
little out-of-tbe-way camp.

  It had already leaked out, pretty generally,
concerning the two Sierra Sams, aiid the object
which brought them to Big Vista ;*consequently
there was a growing curiosity among the citi-
zens to know who really was Miss Tabitha
Green’s nephew, and how the matter was des-
tined to end.

As soon as Deering was gone, French Fan
walked over to a quiet part of the room, and

motioned Sierra Sam to follow her, which he
did, in some surprise.

  “ Did you wish to speak to me?” he interro-
gated, watching her inquiringly.

  “Yes, I do,” she replied. “I want you to
take me into your confidence, and tell me for
true and honest if you are tbe real Sierra Sam.’*

  “ I claim to be tbe original Sierra Sam—
otherwise, Sam Slocum. The other man claims
likewise, and it remains to be seen which is
right. Further, I have nothing to say on the
subject, for the benefit of any one who may
have designs to accomplish. When the time
comes, one of us will undoubtedly come in as
successor of De Wolf Deering.”

  “Well, I hope you will win. Privately, be-
tween you and me, De Wolf Deering ought to bo
removed, and if you wont a missing link to ac-
complish such an event, apply to me, and^°**-
baps I can supply it.”

 “You?”

  “ Yes. I know it is rather natural you should
regard me as a suspicious person, owing to my
position here. But, in time, you will change
your estimation, and know’ that French Fan has
a woman’s heart, a woman’s wit, and a woman’s
honor.”

  “ Your position here need not necessarily con-
demn you,” Sam declared. “ I have known very
estimable women to run places of this kind.
You will excuse me, I trust, while I prepare for
the aerial meeting.”

  “Certainly, but will you, for a moment, be-
fore you go, allow me to offer you a friend’s ad-
vice? First, look out for the fresh young woman
who declares her intention of becoming your
‘ pard.’ Shakes are numerous in the mountains
w'et seasons. Also, look out for another certain
pretty young lady in this place, whom you may
meet. Although fair to outward view,"take my
word for it, you will find her far from being aii
angel.”

 “Thank you: I will bear your advice in
mind,” Sam answered, bowing himself away to
fulfill his engagement.

  Tbe street in front of the “Find” was already
crowded with miners, citizens, and roughs, the
news of the house-top duei having already
spread throughout the camp.

  Deering was waiting in readiness, having
stripped to tbe waist.

  He was a powerfully-built man, of exceeding
muscular development, and “showed off” to
advantage, and was surrounded by a crowd of
his admirers.

 Sierra Sam surveyed him with a cynical
smile.

  A ladder was provided, and the two men
clambered up to the steep roof of French Fan’s
Find, after which the ladder was taken away.

  They soon gained standing positions upon tbe
ridge, facing each other, and made a somewhat
novel picture, considering the circumstances.

  At least, so it appeared to the spectators, of
whom the crowd below did not form the en-
tirety.

  In front of Miss Green’s shanty stood Sierra
Sam No. 2. and the ancient maiden Indy herself.

  “You see it is as I told you,” No. 2, was
saving. “ This fellow who looks like me is a
ruffian, and hearing cf me, undoubtedly comes
12

Sierra Sam’s Double.

to dispute my right as being your nephew,
thereby thinking to have me ousted and estab-
lish himself, with a view to the future—some-
thing I never even consider.”

  In front of the “ post-offije” stood Miss Angel
ani a very superannuated individual of cadav-
erous countenance by the name of Junius Bru-
tus Dunk.

  “Ohl Mr. Dunk, are they really going to
fight?” pretty Miss Angel asked, anxiously.

  “ Yes—you see for yourself. The fellow
went into Fan's and insulted Deering, and he
challenged him to fight. If I am not mistaken
Mr. Sam will gpt his fill.”

  “ Pshaw! I don’t believe it. Mr. Dunk, which
is the real Sierra Sam?”

  The lean man smiled.

  “ If I know, it’s my secret, till I make a spec’
out of it. S 51 >pg as all other eyes can discover
no difference between them, I’m sure I am not
going to expose tbe impostor for nothing.”

  “ You are a bad man, Mr. Dunk.”

  “Pooh! no!”

  “ Then tell me this: which man are you put-
ting forward—the right or wrong?”

  “ Ask the winds— not me. Watch the acting
—for it must be acting on the part of one. If
you find out. I’ll treat. Ah! look—they strike
a professional attitude now. They’ll git down
to business directly!”

  They began sparring—that is to say, care-
fully “feeling" each other.

  Deering wis dark aud sinister in appearance—
a malicious, vengeful light, burning in his eyes.

  Sierra Sam was calm and calculating, a faint
expression of reckless confidence upon his hand-
some face.

  He wore his boots, while Deering was in his
stocking feet, which gave him a decided advan-
tage upon the slippery roof.

  Deering rushed forward and grasped Sam
around the waist, and attempted to hurl him
from the roof, but failed.

  Toe Californian tore loose his opponent’s
grasp with a powerful effort—then, with a sud-
den movement, which astonished the spectators
and caused them to hold their breath, he raised
Deering bodily in his arms, as though he had
b&en an infant, and dashed along the roof.

  At the middle of the ridge, was a largo chim-
ney, with a cavernous opening, which com-
municated with a large open fire-place, in the
sal >on be^ow.

  Straight to this chimney the dare-devil Cali-
fornian bore his victim—an instant later, de-
spite his m >st desporate efforts, Deering was
raised, and chucked down the chimney, head-
foremost!

  While Sierra Sam sprung into tbe air, turned
a double somerset, and landed safely upon his
feet on tbe ground among the crowd.

  “ Was it done fair, gents?” he demanded, a
moment later, with the utmost coolness.

  The majority of the crowd gave a yell of as-
sent.

  Deering emerged from the saloon at this junc-
ture, a sorry-looking wreck of humanity.

  He was black from top to toe with soot, his
left arm bung limp and useless by bis side, the
hair was nearly singed off his head, and his face
somewhat burned.

  There chanced to be a small fire in the fire-
place at this time, which had done the latter
mischief.

  “Where is Sierra Sam?” he roared, as the
crowd gazed at him.

  Ay, where was Sierra Sam?

  The crowd looked around among themselves
and echoed the query, for as if by magic had
the Californian mysteriously disappeared.

    *	CHAPTER VI.

THE STRIKE.

  Yes, the son of the Sierras, who had been th©
cause of De Wolf Deering’s woeful plight, had
as completely and mysteriously vanished from
view as if the earth had opened and swallowed
him.

  But he had not flown to escape Deering, by
any means, for he stepped out of the “ Find ”
an instant later, a smile upon his face.

  “ Well, cuz, how do you feel? Sorry to see
you have fared so badly!’’ he said, surveying the
discomfited villain laughingly.

  “ Curse you! I’ll get even with vou for this*”
Deering responded, savagely. “Your life-blood
shall pay for tbe insult, mark my word!”

  Then, having delivered himself of the threat,
be turned and limped away toward bis shanty,
followed by a laugh from the crowd.

  He heard the laugh, and turned to shake hi?
fist back at bis tormentors.

  “ We’ll pay for that laugh,” one miner said,
dubiously.

  “ How do you mean?” nnother demanded.

  “Ye remember we laffed at him once afore,
an’ he cut flown our wages twenty-five cents on
tbe dollar!”

  “ Bah! lie dassen’t do it, now! .tie’s got reason
to go slow now!” and the speaker cast a glance
at Sierra Sam No. 1.

  “ Keu’t help that—don’t believe it’ll hinder
his spite. Jest you watch out fer a sign at the
office o’ twenty-five per cent, reduction!”

  “ Durn my skin if I’ll stand it!”

  “ Nor I,” put in one of the oldest gang-bosses
in Big Vista. “ We’re working fer low wages
now. Why, the mr-n up at Flumeville aire
gittin’ more than us since we were cut down!”
“On course!” assented another. “An’I tell
ye what, I don’t believe old Tabitha knows a
thing about the former cut. Et jest strikes me
that Deering is putting tbe ‘ cut ’ money in his
own pocket.”

  “ ’Sb! better not let the boss beer o’ tbes» sus-
picions,” added still another miner. “He is
powerful, ye know, an’ things generally goes
ther way he wants.”

  “ ’Tain’t goin’ ter be so, alius!” old Stockton,
the veteran gang-boss, grunted. “ Right yon-
der, ter my notion, stands tbe kerect Sam
Slocum, an’ if he be tber genvwine, lie’s a man
every inch o’ him, an’ I'd not hesitate ter foiler
his lead.”

  The speech had a powerful effpct on the little
knot of miners who were discussing the prob-
able turn of De Wolf Deering’s anger, and they
eyed Sierra Sam curiously as the graceful
sport leaned against one corner of the saloon
smoking.

  “ Ye think that’s the geny wine, do you?” »
miner named Durham asked.
Sierra Sam's Double.

IS

  “ In truth I do,” Stockton protested. “I’ve
^eerd o’ this Sierra Sam afore, an’ this feller
suits the description to a dot—cool as a cucum-
ber, and handsome as a Hercules, and brave to
a fault,

  “ But hev ye seen t’other fellerT
-“Yas; tbar he is, over at old Tabitha’s now,
t-tryin’ ter git in his work of establishin’ bim-
eelf, afore this chap offers any opposition.”

  “ Do the two look alike?”

  “ Alike as two peas. 1 can’t tell ’em apart, as
iar as looks is concerned,” Stockton replied.

  “ Then why not murk this feller byar? We
may want to use him.”

  l,he idea seemed to strike the group favor-
ably—all except Stockton, who shook bis head
grimly.

  “ Thet won’t do, b’yees, fer et’s dangerous ter
fool around him. Jest wait. Ef Devil Deering
lowers wages, I fer one o’ ye will strike—then it
will be time enough to call upon him.”

  The opportunity to strike came, as one of the
miners bad prophesied.

  Deering went From the saloon, first of all, to
the superintendent’s office, of which be bad con-
trol, and soon after a placard was tacked by
him on tbe outside of the door, after which be
betook himself to bis cabin to make some re-
pairs in bis appearance.

  Stockton and several other miners, as soon
as they discovered the placard, went over to
tbe office, which was situated in one end of
the ore-mill, aud perused the notice with lively
interest.

  This is what they read:

‘NOTICE!

  “ On and after this date, all tbe men employed in
the interests of Tabitha Green as miners, millers,
bullwhackers and operatives, will be subject to a
reduction in wages of twenty-five per cent, of
former prices.

                    “ De Wolf Deering, Supt.”

  “Tbar! didn’t I tell ye?” exclaimed Drake,
the man who had first forewarned the result of
tbe crowd’s laugh at Deering’s expense. “ Ye
see et war jest as I told ye, don’t ye?”

  “ Yas, an’et’s enulf,” old Stoclton growled.
“ Ther durned tyrant won’t make his game
work. Hurra! let’s canvass ther town, and see
how many will strike fer better wages!”

  It was a thrilling hour.

  Tbe canvass was actively begun, and men
hurried to and fro excitedly.

  The news of the reduction was carried into
the shafts where tbe day gang were at work,
and two-thirds of the number immediately quit
work, shouldered their tools, and trudged up tbe
drifts into the town.

  By the time night had fairly dawned over
the cloud city, and tbe moonlight bad beautified
the rough natural vistas that stretched away to
the eastward, the single street was crowded
with an angry populace, and every mouth
helped to make greater the Babel of discussion.

  Sierra Sam No. 1 happened along about this
time, near Miss Angel’s cigar store and found
that pretty personage standing in the doorway,
surveying the assembling of the populace, with
a face expi’essive of anxious surprise.

  “Oh! sir!” she exclaimed, as she saw tbe |

Californian, “ will you be so kind as to tell me
what is the matter?”

  “ Certainly. There is a strike impending, I
believe, because Deering, the superintendent,
has reduced wages,” Sam replied, not particu-
larly sorry that she had given him an opportu-
nity to pause in his stroll.

  “Ob! bow mean!” cried Angel. “It is just
a sbame. Tbe miners of Big Vista are not get-
ting nearly so much as those of FJumeville, as it
is, without this second reduction.”

  “So I am aware,” Sam assented. “ It seems
like tyranny on tbe part of Deering to try iand
grind his employees down in order that be may
personally pocket tbe more.”

  “Oh! that’s bis lay-out every day in a
week,” the girl averred. “ Tbe strike is apt to
help you, is it not? The men ill naturally
want ~a leader, and who is more desirable than
the future heir of Aunt Tab?”

  “Humph! You remember there are two
heirs, apparentl.v—perhaps it would be better to
say three candidates.”

  “Pooh! Let every one have their own opin-
ion—I have mine. Have a cigar?”

  And Miss Angel stepped briskly into tbe
store, behind tbe counter, and set forth a box of
Beinas.

  For Sam to have refused would have been
ungentlemanly, and besides, be was quite enam-
ored of tbe pretty postmistress already.

  She put. him much in mind of Cnpitola, a
former flame, who bad lost berself from him
somewhere in the broad West, and 1< ft a tinge
of regret to gtiaw away at bis licart-strings.

  “I think you will find those very pleasant
cigars,” Angel chatted on. “Do you think the
strike will last long?”

  “ I do not anticipate any protracted dif-
ficulty!” Sam answered. “Probably the men
will be set to work again by Miss Green’s or-
ders.”

  “ Ah! Why do you not call her aunty?” and
Angel laughed, rather inquiringly.

  “Oh! time enough for that, when she recog-
nizes me as her beloved nephew, Sammy!” he
assumed, dryly. “ At the present time, my
rival seems to have the advantage grip, by
having got into tbe graces of tbe much-coveted
maiden aunt. It may signify that I’m left—
again, it may not.”

  At this juncture, old Stockton, the gang-boss,
thrust his head in at the door.

  “ I say, Cap, d’ye mind givin’ me a private
grip on yer ear, fer a minnit or two?” he asked.

  “Well, providing you’ll not decapitate my
organ of hearing, I don’t know that I can ob-
ject,” Sam returned, with a smile.

  Then nodding to Angel, and giving her an ad-
miring glance, he followed the old miner out
into the moonlight.

  Not far away a little group of a dozen miners
were evidently waiting for them, but Stockton
stopped, before he reached them.

  “ Now, see hyar, boss,” he said, “ I s’pose
you’re knowin’ to DeerJng's spite on us„’ca’se we
iaffed at his predicament. Waal, ha’s gone and
cut us down on wages. D’ye call that right,
considerin’?”

  “ Certainly not,” Sam replied.

  “That’s jest our notion, an’ thar’« 9
  14

Sierra Sam's Double.

us w’at ain’t a-goin’ ter stand it. We’ve thar-
fore struck for higher wages, an’ we want a
capt’in. You’re ther chap who orter hev charge,
in Deering’s place, an’ we’re willin’ ter back you
through.”

  “ You take too much stock in an utter stran-
ger. You have no surety but what I’m an im-
postor!” Sam suggested.

  *' I’ll stake my life that you’re the real Sierra
Sam, an’ther boys is all o’ my thinkin’!” the
veteran declared. “ An’ so we’re anxious ter
hev ye lead us. We’ve sent to Deering demand-
ing our back pay, an’ ef ye join us, we’re goiu’
ter notify old Tab thet she kin get a new super-
intendent, or we won’t go to work, at auy
terms.”

  “ Have the whole of the miners joined in this
movemeut?”

  “ No. Thar’s a lot on ’em—mostly roughs,
who sw’ar they’ll stand by Deering, through
thick and thin; sa it’s about tie who will go to
work aud who won’t. Deering’s men aire chaps
who hold ther softest snaps so fur as work is
concerned.”

  Sierra Sam was silent a few moments; he was
evidently considering matters.

  “ Well, I don’t know as I can refuse you,
since you have chosen me as your leader,” he
said, “ but I want you to understand one'thing
—you must not kick if it is proven that I am
not the genuine Sierra Sam!”

  “Nary a kick! I’ll vouch every man will
stand by ye like a brother, fer we’re all satisfied
you’re the genuine, an’ no sorter proof won’t
convince us otherwise. Et’ll go ^ard wi’ Big
Vista, ef ye ain’t given a fair shake, or my
name ain’t old Sturnp Stockton!”

  When all were collected there was indeed a
motley assemblage, in which was represented
many types of the humau couutenance.

  Sam looked them all over from his position up-
on a little elevation or knoll above them—noted
each face and memorizjd its lineaments aud
character line?; then turnei to old Stockton:

  “ These are the men, Mr. Stockton, who have
seen fit to bestow upon me the honor of being
their leader?5' he asked.

  Stockton had no need to answer. The crowd
gave vent to a hearty shout of assent that sig-
nalized their acceptance.

  “ Yas, them’s the lads, an’ I opine they’re all
as good as old Tabitha Green's gold,” Stockton
answered, proudly.

  “ I am sure of that, and proud to have the
honor of commanding you, gentlemen, in a just
cause—that of a revolt against tyranny!” the
Californian said. “ Aud to handle this case in a
careful and judicious manner, boys, it becomes
us to act as one person, all together, and as bro-
thers. We must form our plans aud fulfill them.
But before any plans are formed, does it not be-
hoove us to make sure there are no enemies
among us, who will profit by our conference?”

CHAPTER VII.

SAM AXD TABITHA.

  It was something that probably few of the
strikers would have thought of.

  “ You’re right,” old Stock con announced; “jest
let me look through ther crowd, au’ I’ll soon tell
ye ef all present can bs depended upon.”

  He looked them over, one by one, and soon
came to the long, angular figure of Junius Bru-
tus Dunk.

  “ Aha! you're heer, aire ye?” the veteran ex-
claimed. “ Ye’re heer, a-tryin’ ter poke yer
nose into our busiuess, aire ye?”

  “Oh, no! I am on a strike, too,” the cadav-
erous man declared.

  “Yas, I see 3’ou aire, in a horn!” Stockton re-
torted. “ So am I, an’ ef ye don’t dust right
aloug out o’ this vicinity, I'll strike ye so hard
ye won’t never be able to collect yer bones to-
gether again!”

  “ Then you won’t take'me in?”

  “ No, we won’t!”

  “Very well. I’ve no desire to stay where I
am not wanted,” the villain said, and he forth-
with trudged away.

  Stocktou then finished his inspection of the
crowd, and declared that all the rest could be
set down as “solid” to the interests of the
party.

  “ Well, then, we will proceed to busiuess,”
Sam said. “ I believe we all understand that I,
Sierra Sam, am chosen leader in this move-
meut.”

  The men gave a hearty “ Ay!”

  There could be no doubt of their indorsement
of their choice.

  “ In that case,” Sam pursued, “ I shall figure
for your welfare alone. As I understand it
from Stockton, you have, as a body, decided not
to go to work at auy price, until Miss Tabitha
Green establishes a new superintendent for her
mines?”

  “You bet! that’s ther ticket precisely,” old
Stockton declared, aud the men echoed his sen
timents.

  “ Very well. Now I reckon the best thing I
can do for yon is to personally visit Miss Green
in your behalf, and lay the matter before her.
I’ve an idea she may be dealt with in this way.
But first of all, you will have to nominate whom
you want to fill Deering’s place.”

  “You! you!” shouted Stockton.

  “ You, of course! Hurrah fer Sierra Sam, the
original!” shouted miner Durham.

  And the others echoed the two speakers’ choice
clamorously.

  “ No, gentlemen, 1 cannot agree to that,”
Sam returned, quickly. “ I have no desire to
crowd myself forward into Miss Green’s affairs
iu this way. I propose that your gang-boss
here is tbe proper man to bold the position of
superi ntendent. He is evidently a veteran at the
mining business, aud with your approval I shall
be srlad to put forward bis name.”

  The speech hit the rough audience in a tender
spot. Stockton evidently bad been thought of,
but had been ruled out, out of deference for the
new captain, whom all seemed desirous of hon-
oring with tbe position.

  Therefore, a cheer went up, and Stockton was
hoisted noon the shoulders of a number of
miners and marched about.

  While this was going on. Sierra Sam an-
nounced his intention of visiting Aunt Tabitha,
to see what could lie done with her.

  Thus the meeting broke up, and he took his
way to the Green residence.	,

  Sam found her seated iu a comfortable chair,
Sierra Sam's Double.

15

engaged with crochet work. She looked up with
a welcome smile, as Sam entered, seated him-
self, and tossed his hat upon the sofa.

  “Well, have you been out for a stroll,
Sammy?” she asked, pleasantly.

  “Yes, I’ve been up to see'how the strike is
progressing.”

  “ Well, how do things look, dear?”

  “ Bad. I fear all will not be as well as I first
anticipated. It may end in bloodshed, for all I
know.”

  “ Oh, dear. It is too bad.”

  “Yes. [ think there is only one way to set-
tle it. Deering is not a favorite, with the
majority of tbe men, and they swear they’ll
not go to work until he is removed, and old
Stockton put in his place, and their wages raised
to Flumeville prices. So they enlisted me to
come aud lay the facts before you.”

  “You? Why, 1 thought that they were try-
ing to league themselves with the pretending
Sierra Sam, who abused De Wolf!”

  “ They elected him their captain, because he
believed their demands were just and fair. I
am the Sierra Sam you just referred to as pre-
tending, aud I am tbe genuine original Sam
Slocum, too, you bet!”

  Miss Green fairly gasped with amazement,
and rubbed her glasses, iu order to get a better
look at him.

  “Do tell!” she exclaimed. “Why, I did
really thiuk you were my nephew Sammy, who
went out for a stroll.”

  “ So I am your nephew, Sammy, but not the
sleek-tongued impostor who has visited you,
ahead of me, and tried to palm himself off on
you as tbe real Samuel Slocum.”

  “ This is very strange, sir. How am I to
know which of you is basely deceiving me?”

  “ That, you must judge for yourself,” Sam
answered. “ It is a strange fact that we closely
resemble each other, and, therefore, no wonder
that the other man should wish to step into'
your shoes when you get ready to step out. As
for myself, I will have nothing to do with your
affairs, further than to prevent you, so far as in
my power, from fostering a lying humbug.
My professional services bring me in sufficient
wealth, for my moderate demands, and I have
no desire to become your heir—indeed, I will
not. So please understand that. And, now,
as I came in behalf of the miners, please let me
know what you propose to do.”

  “ I shall have to hold that matter under care-
ful consideration,” Miss Green said, rather stiff-
ly. “This matter of rivalry I shall also con-
sider, but I may as well tell you that I have no
faith in your claims. The other gentleman
seems the most like my dear dead sister’s child.”
“All right! Suit yourself, and you will suit
me,” Sam declared, arising. “The man Deer-
ing is a consummate rascal, and the sooner
you get rid of him the more riches you will
nave to bestow upon the Sam’l of your choice.”
Then, with a bow, the Californian left the
room, leaving the maiden mine-owner to her
own reflections.

  Later that night-Big Vista was wrapt in si-
Jence.

  The street was cleared of its usual throng of

miners, the saloons were shut up, and slumber
seemed to overhang the mountain town.

  But every one slumbered not.

  Just below the level of the great plateau
woere the town was built, and at one side of
the tortuous descending stage trail, stood an
old cabin, which was partly overgrown with
moss and vines, and deserted. Tho windows
were boarded up, and upon th« door was nailed
a white board, upon which was painted in let-
ters of black the single word:

“ SMALTi-POX.”

  To-night the moon’s bright rays streamed down
upon the place with rather spectral effect, aud
tbe breeze sighed under the eaves of the slab
roof with a lonely sort of moan.

  At such an hour human presence could hardly
have been expected in the viciuity, yet from
the direction of the town came a black-clad
figure down the trail, and paused in front of the
cabin door.

  A person of medium stature was this, clad
from top to toe in a coarse somber black, with
a full black mask upon the face, black gloves
upon the hands, and a black sombrero upon the
head.

  Upon the breast of the closely-buttoned coat
was a brass letter “ A.”

  Iu front of the cabin paused this figure, and
waited.

  Evidently some one else was expected, judg-
ing by his glances up the trail.

  Soou another man came down the trail, and
joined the first one in front of the cabin.

  Exactly like the first did this second person
look, his whole general appearance being the
same, except that on his coat was a brass letter
“ B.”

  “What’s the matter with C to-night?” A
growled as B came up.

  “Don’t know. In love, I expect,” was the
laconic answer.

  “Bah! there’s no time for love affairs now.
Business before pleasure,” was the retort.

  Then silence followed.

  C soon made bis appearance from the direc-
tion of Big Vista, and joined the other two, then
the door of the cabin was opened, and the trio
entered, closing the door after them.

  A dark place it was, but a lantern was soon
produced and lit, which lightened up the gloom.

  It was all in one room, in the center of which
was a table, with three stools by it. In one cor-
ner was a coffin-shaped box, set upon two wooden
horses, and the box covered over with a large
somber blanket.

  Just across the room in another corner stood a
fleshless, grinning skeleton.

  Upon its breast some person had hung a pla-
card, which read:

“I died oi small-pox.”

  In addition to those uninviting relics, there
was a musty disagreeable odor to the place,
which added to its somberness.

  The Black Trio did not appear to be disturbed
by the surroundings, however, for they took
seats about the table, and passed around a small
bottle of wine until each had taken a swallow.

  “ Well, here we are once more,” A said, after
16

Sferra Sam’s Double,

the bottle was put away. “ Let’s get down to
business.”

  “ Well, go ahead,” B replied, drumming on the
table. “ I’ve learned nothing.”

  “Nor T!” C declared.

  “It is queer,” A added impatiently. “The
man we want—the man we came to Big Vista
to entrap, is in the town, and yet, not in our
power.”

  “ Because we’re not certain which he is,” C
declared, spitefully. “ We each have our sus-
picious aud yet we hate to precipitate matters,
on account of the other one—”

  “ See here!” A spoke up sharply—“let us un-
derstand each other. C, you are in love with
this geuuiue Sierra Sam—you need not deny
it!’

  “ It depends altogether which Sam you take
for the original,” C said.

  “ You know which one I mean,” A declared ;
“ so admit the corn.”

  “ I am not ashamed to admit that I never
was more impressed with a person,” C confessed,
with a slight lau^h. “ And you are in the same
predicament. B?”

  “I am!” B admitted. “You had better
confess a similar weakness yoursolf, my fair
A.'5

  “ I do—I never met a man before whom I
could not steel mv heart against. So we are all
infatuated with this one man? Well, well, this
will not do at all! We did not come here to
Big Vista to become fools. We came here to
capture a shark for a reward, and that’s what
we must do.”

  “ Correct!” assented B. “ But that has noth-
ing to do with love matters. We three have got
to divide, that’s flat, or else give up loving, and
stick to our vows of allegiance.”

  “ Who is willing to give in? that’s the ques-
tion,” C demanded. “ Not I, for one!”

  “Nor any of us,” A responded. “ I think I
stand the best chance of winning the day!”

  Both C ctnd B laughed sarcastically at this.

  “ If Sierra Sam were here, perhaps he might
be able to decide for himself better than any of
us,” C suggested, taking a sensible view of the
matter.

  At this juncture a faint cough was heard.

  “Eavesdroppers!” cried A, and the next in-
stant the trio were u|>on their feet, with cocked
revolvers in their "rasp.

  A moment later the robe was thrown off the
coffin, and Sierra Sam leaped out upon the
floor.

  The weapons of the Black Trio instantly cov-
ered him, and A cried out:

  “ Halt! You are our prisoner!”

  “ Is that so?” was Sam’s rejoinder. “ Judging
by what I have just overheard, I couldn’t have
fallen into more affectionate hands.”

  “ That remains to be seen,” A retorted stern-
ly. “You have discovered a part of our secret,
aud, therefore, your mouth must be sealed. Do
you know what must be done to accomplish this
result?5’

  “ Can’t say as I do,” Sam replied.

  “Well, I’ll inform you. Before you ever
leave this place alive, you must marry one of
us. Here we are—you shall have your choice.
Is this satisfactory, B and C?”

   Those personages nodded assent.

  For once Sam’l of the Sierras wished the
earth would open up and swallow him, or his
trio of admirers. _

CHAPTER VIII.

A BLIND CHOICE.

  Sierra’s habitual composure was nothing
daunted.

   “ Well!” he said, with a grim sort of humor,
 “you seem to have the matter all cut and dried
 among yourselves?”

   “ Yes, we at present have the whip-row’, and
 it becomes necessary for us to improve it while
 we can. If you listen, I will explain.”

   Sam nodded his willingness, aud so Letter A
 continued:

   “ Well, to begin with, you behold in us the
 Sisters Sarony, otherwise the Black Trio, female
 detectives. Formerly there were four of us, but
 the foul hand of a traitor took one off, leaving
 but us three, bound together by a terrible tie,
 to avenge our sister’s death, if we have to fol-
 low her murderer to the end of the earth, our
 unison to be unbroken until the mission is ful-
 filled.

  “ But, just now arises a dilemma. When we
fancy we have our man safely caught, another
of precisely similar appearance comes forward;
there are two men in the field; we do not know
whicu is our enemy, owing to their perfect re-
semblance to each other.”

   “ Then, I suppose I am one of tbe two,” Sam
 remarked, unconcernedly.

   “Yes, you are the one suspected, and accord-
 ing to our oath, it would be our duty to see that
 you never saw the open air again—certainly
 not until we were satisfied to a certainty
 whether you were really our man or not. But,
 now, either you must die. or become one of us,
 by marriage, the consummation of which shall
 seal your lips as regards us, until you or the
 ‘ other man is discovered to be our man.

   “ Well, then it’s settled I’ve got to hitch on to
 one of you?”

  Sam took out and lit a cigar, and regarded
the three Sisters Sarony closely.

   “ One of you is French Fan, another is Trumps,
 my declared pard, and the other Angel, of the
 post-office!” he said, finally. “ Now, can’t you
 tell me which is which, so I can choose to my
 own liking!”

   The Black Trio shook their heads in concert.
 They stood in line facing him now, and looked
 as nearlv alike as was possible.

   “ Well, in that case, I suppose I shall have to
 go it blind. I don’t know one of you from the
 other, but on the venture I shall choose C!”
 There was a moment’s silence; then A ad-
 vanced to the table and took a book from a
 drawer—a small Testament.

  “Do you swear by your hope of heaven,
Sierra Sam, to keep secret all the knowledge
that has come into your possession to-night, and
to take, hereby, this girl. Letter C—otherwise
Stella Sarony—as your lawfullv-wedded wife,
and to love, cherish, protect, and support her?’’
A asked, solemnly.

  “I do!” Sam answered, resolved to see the
thing through to the end.
Sierra. Sam's Double.

1*

  A raised the Testament to his lips, and then
put out her band.

 “ Allow me to congratulate you at the ex-
pense of myself aud sister B!” she said witb at-
tempted heartiness, but with a slight tremor in
her voice. “ I assui*e you that you now have
three pards who will stand by you to the end,
unless you should prove to be our man. Then,
love, hope, and friendship must be crumbed by
the avenging triple-clasped hands of the three
Sisters Sarony! You are at liberty to go, sir.”
“ Rather, yourselves,” Sam returned, “ as 1
have concluded to make this my headquarters,
for the present.”

  “ Oh! well, such being tbe case, we will bid
you good-evening,” A assented, whereupon the
strange trio filed out of tbe cabin.

 They departed as they had come; A went
first, and as soon as she was out of sight, B fol-
lowed suit, leaving C last.

  She turned, os soon as her sister bad started,
and placed her small gloved hand in the Cali-
fornian’s.	,

  “Good-nigbt, Mr. Slocum,” she said, earnest-
ly, yet in a voice that Sam failed to recognize.

  If you regret the proceedings of to-night, let
me reassure you, for, except at your own solici-
tation, you will never be asked to keep your
promise; nor will any of your plans ever be in-
terfered with. All I have to say is—your choice
will never bate you.”

  She turned, then, and followed the others.

  “ Wonaers will never cease,” the bewildered
detective muttered. “ Sam’l, you’re a Benedict,
at last, and don’t know who your wife is!”

 Morning dawned at Big Vista and saw the
street once more alive witb men, most all of
whom were strikers.

 Deering’s crowd was also abroad, but held
closely together in the vicinity of the mouth of
the drifts, or entrance into the mines, evidently
determined to keep the strikers away from the
subterranean chambers which yielded gold to
Miss Tabitha Green.

 Deering was about towu, once more. He bad
had the bair and beard all shaved off bis head
and face, what tbe fire had not burnt off, and
carried his arm in a sling; therefore, he present-
ed a slightly better appearance than when he
emerged from his chimney adventure.

  Sierra Sam arrived in camp, sb artly after sun-
rise, looking as fresh, handsome aud composed
as was usual with him.

  He met Deering in the Find, and dropped into
a chair opposite the superintendent’s seat at a
table.

 “ Nice morning!” Sam remarked.

 “Very!” Deering replied, with sneering
emphasis.

  “ How about the strike—looks like no work,
for the present, don’t it?” from Sam.

  “ Thanks to you, yes.”

 “To me? Pshaw! I did not suggest tbe
strike. You were the cause. I saw Tabitha,
and I see she is inclined to consider matters.”

  “ What, at your instigation?”

  “ Ob no! She don’t seem to take much stock
in me. The other galoot has got the whip row,

S	surmise.”

  Deering grinned, maliciously.

  “You’ll neither of you succeed in displacing
me!” he growled.

  He then arose and took his departure, evident-
ly not caring to have any further conference
with his audacious antagonist.

 Old Stockton came into tbe saloon soon
after, bis furrowed visage looking rather
gloomy.

  “ Et’s goin’ to be fun, bymeby,” he announced,
pausing by Spin. “They’re talkin’ bad, on
t’other side, I heer, and propose pitcbin’ inter
us, an’ drivin’ us out o’ town.”

  “Let ’em pitch. I reckon tbey’ll get their
fill of it,” Sam replied. “ Just tell the boys to
be easy, keep their mouths shut and eyes open,
and we’H see. I’ve an idea I shall learn some
news, before long.”

  Stockton departed, but Sam waited to finish
his cigar, before appearing on tbe street.

 While thus engaged, French Fan sauntered
along, dusting off the tables as she came. -

 “A very pleasant morning, Mr. Slocum!'1
she accosted, not looking directly at him.

  “ Very I” Sam replied, emphasizing the word.
“ An auspicious morning for a newly married
couple to start 011 a bridal tour, eh?”

 She laughed lightly, and a curious flush
came to her cheeks, which be could not inter-
pret.

  “ Yes, indeed!” she returned. “ Are you con-
templating such a tour?”

 “Well—ahem! hardly,” Sam responded. “I
believe it is customary for a man to have a
partner in such trips, which I have not.”

 “You are unfortunate,” she smiled, and
passed on.

  “ Is that tbe woman I took?” Sam asked him-
self, when she was gone_ “ If so, she’s as care-
ful as a fox about betraying berself. Most
men would be proud of such a beauty.”

  After finishing his cigar, he went to tbe post-
office, where tbe telegraph instrument of the
line running from Big Vista to Flumeville was
located.

  To his surprise, he found Trumps behind the
counter, in place of Miss Angel, who was no-
where visible.

  “Hello! A new clerk, eh?” the Colifornian
interrogated, surveying her in some surprise.

 “You bet! This just suits yer pard!” was
the jolly response. “ What d’ye want—shake
for the cigars?”

 “ Hardly, Miss Sarony,” Sam replied. “ I
desire to use the telegraph instrument a few
minutes ”

  “Oh! do you telegraph? Well, it will cost
you three bits. ’

  Sam sat down at the table, and soon had com*
munication opened with Flumeville, tbrough.
Deakin the operator at tbe other end cf the
line.

  “There’s a strike here,” Sam telegraphed,
“and Sierra Sam is at the head of the strikers.
Do you know if any movement is on foot for a
gang to come here?”

  “ One Deering has telegraphed, offering extra
wages for a hundred men!” was the reply that
was flashed back.

  “ Then, please post a placard from me, giving
the boys warning that if they come here to re-
18

Sierra Sam’s Double,

glace us, they come at the peril of their lives,”
am instantly wired back. “ I am Sierra Sam!”

  Miss Tabitha Green had a morning caller,
that morning, whom Claudie ushered into her
cosey little sitting-room. This visitor was none
other than the Reverend Obediah Potts, to
whom reference was made in another chapter.
He looked even more sleek and ministerial than
during his ride to Big Vista, on the night of the
stage-coach robbery.

  “ Ahl excuse me, my dear Miss Green,” he
said, when he found himself iu the maiden
lady’s presence. “ I presume you do not lecog-
nize me!”

  “ No, sir, I do not, though my eyes are not
very good, which may make all the difference,”
Miss Green answered, smoothiug out her apron
and looking very demure.

   “ The loss of one’s sight is a sad, sad calamity,1'
Obediah observed, wipiug his own green gog-
gles, without taking them off. “ I know how
to sympathize with you, dear Miss Tabitha.
And, by the way, it’s many long years since
we last met, Tabitha. up iu the green-crowned
pasture sceres of old Vermont.”

  “ Do tell’” Miss Green gasped, all in a flutter.
“You don’t mean to tell me you came from
Vermont, sir?”

  “Verily 1 didst, Tabitha—right from Merino
Canter, which used to be the abidiug-place of
our early years. Is it possible you do not
remembar me, Tabitha? Doth thy heart not
recall when thy maiden heart once beat against
my ramly young breast—”

  “ Ohediah Potts! Can it be possible?”

  “ Ay, all things can be possible, Tabitha,”
and the new-comer pressed Miss Green’s by no
means girlish hand with youthful fervor, at the
same time hitching his chair closer to hers.
“Long years have passed since you and I
exchanged vows of conafcancy, Tabitha, when
our obdurate parents refused to sanction our
union—but, bless my heart, Tabitha, I feel just
as young as I uster did, and see you look just
as chirp an l natteral as of yore!’’

  “Laws sakes, Obediah! you nearly take my
breath away!” Miss Green simpered, blushiug
red to the roots of her hair. “ I was just tel i-
ing a young lady friend all about my early
beau, not loug ago, but, dear me, I never
expected to have you pop iu ou me, in this
way.”

  “ Well, I’ll tell you, Tabitha, I couldu’t stay
away. Ye see, I’m joggin’ along iu years, an’
bev laid up a snug sum from my ministerial
labors, and have Anally come to the conclusion
©t was time for me to look around for some
staid party of the opposite sex, to help mo
down through the declining walk of life. By
accident, learning of your whereabouts, my
bosom heaved with youthful emotion once
more, and says 1—If Tabitha Green is alive and
single, bless my soul. I’m goiag to set my cap
for her once more.”

  “Laws, Obediah, you should remember we
are getting old—•”

  “Pudge, Tabitha! Sixty years has passed
lightly over both our heads, and we’re liable to
celebrate our fourth-score anniversary. Be-
sides, I hear that some rascals are figuring after

your property. Wouldn’t it be quite proper
for us old lovers to marry, and thus baffle the
schemers?”

  “Obediah, I—I—”

  “ Consent, my dearest TabithaV
ct My sweetest Obediah, you know I cannot
say nol”

  Curtain!

CHAPTER IX.

ANGEL AND SAM.

  After Sierra Sam had sent bis warning to
the miners of Flumeville, he turned to Trumps,
and gazed at her a moment, studyingly, for he
knew she had been watching him, slyly, when
his back was turned.

  “ Where is Miss Angel?” Sam asked, buying
a fresh cigar.

  “ Oh! only off duty for a few hours,” Trumps
replied. “Did you want to see her particu-
larly?”

  “ No, not at all, for that matter. I saw sh*
was not here, and thought it a little odd.”

  “ Maybe. She’ll be back before a great while,
however.”

   Sam left the post-office, wondering not p. little
what had become of the pretty post-mistress.

  About nine o’clock in the evening Sierra Sam
was standing in the doorway of French Fan’s
Find, looking down the moonlit street, where
he saw Sierra Sam No. 2 coming toward the
saloon.

  When he was but-a few yards away, Miss
Angel came along from an opposite direction,
her eyes downcast, aud paying attention to no
one.

  To reach her shanty store she bad to pass
Sierra Sam No. 2, but seemed to think nothing
wrong, although she barely glanced at him.

  The rival Sam’l, however, appeared tc be of a
festive nature, anil desirous of making himself
conspicuous, for he stepped before Miss Angel,
thereby blockading her passage.

  “ Hello! pretty!” he exclaimed. “ I’m blamed
if you ain’t the purtiest gal I’ve seen in a good
while, as sure as my name is Slocum. Give me
a kiss.”

  And he immediately seized hold of her.

  “Help! help!” Angel screamed, her words
ringing out thrillingly through the night.

  Quick as he comprehended the situation.
Sierra Sam No. 1 sprung from the doorway of
the Find, and rushed to the rescue.

  A crowd of miners followed at his heels,
ready to see the fun, if any there was to be.

  By the time the rescuers reached the spot the
handsome ruffian had released Angel, or, rather,
she had struggled from his grasp.

  Sierra Sam surveyed the man sternly, and
Miss Green’s choice returned the stare in grim
defiance.

  “ Miss Angel, did this individual attempt to
kiss you against your will?” Sam demanded, his
eyes flashing.

  “He did, sir—but failed!” Angel replied in-
dignantly.

  “ You may go, if you please,” Sam said, with
a bow. “ I’ll attend to this fellow’s case my-
self.”

  Angel hurried away, evidently glad to escape^
and Sam turned to his double.
Sierra. Sam’s Double.

10

  “ So, that’s the sort of a character you are, is
it?” he demanded, eying the other sternly.
“ You insult unprotected ladies, do you, and
yet claim to be Sierra Sam?”

  “ If it suits you that way, yes,” No. 2 replied,
apparently nothing daunted. “ Pray, what
business is it to you?’

  “The business of a detective and a gentleman
to watch out for ruffians of your stamp,” was
Sam’s cutting rejoinder. “Yoir. ill-breeding
alone is sufficient evidence 01 who and what
you are."

  “ I am the genuine Sierra Sam, all the same,
and you can’t prove it otherwise!”

  “ That remains to be seen,” Sam replied.
** For the present we have an entirely different
matter on hand. You have insulted one of the
most estimable young ladies in Big Vista, and
you’ve either got to apologize or settle with me.

So	take your choice.”

  “ I never was known to apologize yet; I
doubt if I shall commence at this late stage. If
you mean I must figbt with you, I also decline,
as I am a gentleman, aud never fight with any
one.”

  “ You are a cowardly cur, evidently,” Sam
retorted, in disgust. “ Were it not for soil-
ing my hands on you, I’d mop the street with
you!”

  “I am glad you are so fearful,” the man re-
plied sneeringly, but edging away, and finally
walking off.

  Sam turned away, followed by the crowd.

  “If that man is a fair specimen of the real
Sierra Sam, I am ashamed that I am also a
claimant of the title!” he declared to those
around him.

  Two days passed without any marked in-
cident. The strikers lounged about the town
with evidently 110 intention of coming to any
terms except their own; on the other side the
miners of Deering’s movement guarded the
entrance to the mines with persistent deter-
mination.

  Sierra Sam No. 1 kept around town, making
such observations, as he could.

  On the evening of the second day succeeding
his encounter with Sam No. 2, he called in at
the post-office, about an hour after the mail had
arrived.

  Tbe room was deserted, except by Angel, who
stood behind the counter reading a paper.

  “ Good-evening!” she said, with her habitual
winning smile. “ No mail for you, Mr. Slo-
cum.”

  “It isn’t my luck to receive much,” Sam re
sponded. “ Guess I’ve no friends to write to
me.”

  “ Oh! I am sure you could win friendship any-
where, Mr. Slocum.”

  “ Ah! then, have I won yours?”

  “Have you not! I believe you overheard
some such an insinuation, once upon a .time,”
and she busied herself in rearranging her cigar
box^s, to hide the flush upon her cheek.

  “Well, ves. But, I was at a disadvantage
then. I didn’t know which was which.”

  “ Nor are you liable to.”

  “ Then you won’t tell me?”

  41	Most assuredly not.”

  “ I have half a notion to leave this town be-
hind me, on that account.”

  “ Why? You made your choice!”

  “ So I did, but perhaps the wrong one.”

  “Ha! ha! Well, you must trust to luck for
that.”

  “ Trust be hanged! You, aud you alone eould
I ever accept.”

  He spoke with gieat earnestness; his eyes elo-
quently echoed the sentiment his lips had spoken
as they dwelt upon her sunny face.

  She colored rather strangely; an expression
incomprehensible, swept over her face, leaving
it a shade whiter than before.

  “ Have a cigar?” she said, banding him a box,
by way of turning the subject. “You must ex-
cuse me, Mr. Slocum, if I command you to say
nothing of the kind again. You will remember
you are wronging one of these Sisters Sarony,
and they are bound by a vow of constancy. I
know you will be kind enough to oblige all of
us. in this matter.”

  “ Haviug expressed my sentiments, I will
oblige you,” Sam responded. “ By the way, did
a curious coiu once come into your possession?
If you will lend it to me, a few days, I will re-
turn it to .you.”

  She took tbe eagle she had received from
Snodgrass, from the money-drawer, and gave it
to him with a smile.

  “ I was going to return it to you, when I was
sure who playnd up Snodgrass,” she said.

  Sam gave her another eagle in exchange.
“You are absent much, of late?” he said, in-
terrogatively. “When will I see you again?”

   “ It will be better if you do not see me, at all,
perhaps, more than as a nodding acquaintance,”
she answered, quite soberly.

  “I think I comprehend,” Sam said, “ but I
will answer that I don’t quite believe it.”

   He then lifted bis hat, and took his departure.
Outside the post-office be met old Stockton,
who had evidently been waiting for him.

  “ Deering:s down at the * Find,’ and he w’ants
to see ye, on important business,” the veteran
said.

  They soon reached the saloon, and entered.
Deering and a few of the roughs who sided
with him, were there, but the majority of the
crowd was composed of strikers.

  Deeriug came forward, as Sam aud Stocktow
entered.

  “Ah! so ye got through yer courtship, eh?*'
he sneered, his face most evil and disagreeable
in its expression. “ I gave you all the chance I
deemed necessary.”

  “ You are very obliging,” Sam retorted, with
sarcasm. “What may your highness want of
me?”

  “ Yes, I opine f kin accommodate you,” Deer-
ing growled. “ The boys an’ I have been talk-
ing matters up, and we've come to the conclu-
sion thet this hyar strike is money out of our
pockets, and there ain’t no use o’ puttin’ up with
it any longer. So we’ve jest sent down to Flume-
ville'fer another gang o’men, who aire on the
way. Tharfore, as there is no further use fer
you an’ yer strikers, ye’ve got to clear out o’
Bis: Vista, and make room for tbe new g&3£ ”
“We have, have we? How are you going to
accomplish our evacuation?” Sam returned.
20	Sierra, Sam's Double.

• - --------— i-i^ ™ ■ ■■■■ —--------— - ■ ■	—

    “ You’ll find out. I give ye jest till sunrise
  to morrow to get your men out of Big Vista.
  If you don’t go, we’ll force ye to at the point of
  the revolver and rifle.”

    “ We are not in the least afraid of you,” Sam
  replied, “ and to illustrate, I’ll give you just five
  minutes for you and your handsome confeder-
  ates to get oixt of this place. Take my word for
  it—if you dou’t improve the opportunity, you
  will nev<jr get another, my noble cousin.”

   A tremendous hurrah followed from the
 strikers, aud revolvers were drawn on every
 baud.

   Deering saw nothing but grim earnestness
 manifested, aud that a row just then would re-
 sult disastrously for his interests; so, motioning
 to his men, he withdrew, followed by them.

    By Sam’s orders Stockton at once assembled
  his men within the saloon.

    “ If they strike before morning, we are better
  off here than though we were scattered!” he ex-
  plained.

   “ Have you any objections to my making
- your place a temporary fort?” he asked of
French Fan.

    “ None at all,” she replied, with one of her
  thrilling glances. “ If I had, I fancy I could
  not withstand your plea 1”

    Did she mean it?

    Or, was it only coquetry?

CHAPTER X.

ATTACK AND DEFEAT.

    It was well that the strikers of Big Vista had
  taken refuge in French Fan’s “ Find” for other-
  wise there might have been a worse result of
  that night’s affray.

    It was about midnight before any demonstra-
  tion was made on the part of Deering and his
  gang; then old Stockton, who had been doing
  sentinel duty outside, hurriedly entered the
  saloon, barring the door after him.

    “ Gat ready, boyees!” he cried. “ Ther durned
  skunks aire creepin’ up on us!’*

    “ To arras, then 1” Sierra Sam caused to be
  passed along among the rough audience. “ If
  you let yourselves be driven out of Big Vista,
  all right; 1 never will if I can help it!”

    “That’s the stuff!” the men cried in a chorus,
  “ and we’ll stand bv ther old camp as long as
  she hoi is together!”

    Ordering all lights put out, Sam took his posi-
  tion at a loop hole just over the door, where be
  could s«*e without being seen.

    Out^i I > the late moon lit up the scene only
  indistinctly, giviug things rather a spectral
  aspack.

   From his position Sam could see that the
 mam body of miners were grouped together
 down the street, just out of sure rifle range.

    It became quite evident to Sam, when he saw
  several men crawling toward the ‘ Find ’ from
  equally as many directions, eacii armed with a
  bundle of kindling-wood.

    It was their idea to Qre che saloon, and force
  its occupants to come from cover, when the re-
  serve force would take advantage of the confu-
  sion to inaugurate a successful attack.

    “ I’ll check that little game,” Sam decided,
  takiug aim at the nearest fire-bug.

  “Just you go tell Deering to sail in boldly, if
he wants to fight.”

  Bang!

  The bullet from the Californian’s rifle grazed
the cheek of the man, aud clipped off a part of
his ear, causing him to leap to his feet with a
yell of pain and rage, and scamper back to a
place of safety.

  The others, who had been creeping up, at once
followed suit.

  “ Ready, uow, at the loops!” Sam cried;
“here they come, all in a body! Let’em fire
first, and tben give ’em fits!”

  A rush of feet was heard coming down the
street; then a small-sized pandemonium of yells
and screeches and oaths, followed by a volley
of rifle-shots, many of which buist spitefully
through the thin board siding iuto the saloon,
but fortunately not harming any one.

  With a will did the strikers return the fire,
cutting into tbe ranks of the enemy so badly
that they halted falteringly.

  “Out at ’em!” Sierra Sam shouted, leaping
from his perch, and flinging wide open the door.
“ Now’s our chance to show ’em they’ve tackled
the wrong end of the hornet!”

  The strikers needed no urging.

  Out into the moonlit night they poured from
tbe saloon, with fierce yells, aud rushed toward
the enemy, firing as they went—Sierra Sam at
their head.

  Deering, seeing that his men would weaken
before the determined strikers—to save bis own
skin, turned and ran for life.

  It was all bis crowd w'anted—they broke in
wild confusion, and also fled precipitately,
leaving Sierra Sam aud his men masters of the
situation.

  “ Hurrah! Let’s take the mines while we are
about it!” old Stockton cried, excitedly.

  “No, no!” Sam protested. “ Let the mines
alone. “ If Miss Green does not see fit to re-
establish you, don’t touch a thing of hers.
Just take your time now, and I’ll guarantee all
will come out well. If any of you get in actual
need of funds, call on Sam'l, and you shall have
’em—only mind that you have nothing to do
with the mines, further than to keep them from
being worked by the other men.”

  An enthusiastic cheer greeted this speech, for
it struck the majority of the men as being
right, and those who did not quite believe so,
were willing to succumb to tbe ruling opinion.

  No further attack was made during the night,
and when day dawned once more, quiet pre-
vailed in camp, though Deering; ana his men
were discovered housed in tbe breaker.

  About noon they ran up a white flag on a
pole, which went to say that no further demon-
stration on their part would take place for the

Eresent; so Sam ordered a similar signal shown,
ut at the same time warning bis men to be on
tbe lookout against treachery, as it was not safe
to put implicit trust in the enemy.

  During the remainder of tbe day Big Vista
once more assumed something of its old appear-
ance, the men of both sides commingling upon
the street, with no particular hard feeling, ap-
parently, toward eacu other.

  But that a bitterness was ther*, could not
be doubted, and Deering felt it the keenest of
Sierra, Sam’s Double.

81

all, as he sat in tbe superintendent’s office, and
bitterly cursed tbe ill-luck tbat bad turned his
&wn assault back on him.

  Dunk entered tbe office during tbe afternoon,
iust as Deering was delivering bimself of a vol-
ley of oaths.

  “Hello! what's the matter? Aire you down-
hearted?” the skinny man asked, dropping into
a chair.

  “ Curses be on you, yes!” the superintendent
growled, savagely. “Things aire iu a purty
shape, when I can’c run my cwn town, ain’t
they?”

  Junius Brutus laughed rather mockingly.

  “ I am sure no one is to blame but yourself,”
he said. *k You’d never make half a villain
without me to help yo« along. By the way,
bave you heard the news?”

  “ What?”

  “ Old Tabitha has got a lover.”

  “Bah! you mean the old fossil of a preacher
who calls himself Obediah Potts?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Humph! the old galoot is a lunatic.”

  “ Nevertheless, Tabitha and he claim to have
been lovers once upou a time, and having met
again, they’re going to hitch up in double har-
ness, and there’ll be a new manager for the Big
Vista mines.”

  Whereat Deering swore roundly.

  “ Where did you get your information?” he
growled, eying the skinny man sourly.

  “ From my confidential reporter, Claudie.”
“Bah! I don’t take stock in it! They’re both
reedy to put on a shroud, instead of wedding-
robes.”

  “ Don’t fool yourself. They’re going to be
married, and that, too, before many days.
Now, Deering, ef you don’t look out, you’re
goin’ ter lose yer trump in this game.”

  “ No, I’ll be banged if 1 will!” Deering gritted.
“ Why, curse me if I don’t murder every oiie of
you. before I’ll lose!”

  “ You may not bave to do any such bloody
work if you ciime to terms with me. I tell you,
Deering, you can’t do better than to come down,
and I’ll make you heir of Miss Tabitha Green,
and owner of the mines.”

  “ And if I don’t, what then?” Deering sneered.

CHAPTER XI.

MURDER.

  Dunk smiled vaguely at the query.

  “ Why, then,” he said, “ I shall see that you
never inherit one farthing of Tab’s surplus
cash. I’ll work against you with all my power,
aud, no doubt, sufficient charges can be brought
up agaiust you to make this part of the country
exceedingly unhealthy for yon.”

  “ Oh, you refer to the road, do you? Maybe
you forget you are implicated as well as I?”
“That cannot be proven. But there is no
use of our being at swords’ points. You can
just as well come to terms with me, and I’ll put
you onto pvery point whereby you can score a
Success. You see what a gripe the other Sierra
Sam has got over the best part of the miners,
and you probably know that he is the style of a
chap who is able to look out for Number One.
It behooves you, therefore, to see that he is de-
throned.”

  “ Well, curse it, whatdo you want to straighten
matters up for me?”

  “ Five thousand dollars down, and five more
when you are established beyond dispute as sole
heir of Tabitha Green.”

  Deering sat gazing at the floor, his face dark
and moody.

  Finally he arose, went to the safe, and brought
back a roll of greenbacks, which he placed in
Dunk’s hands.

  “There,” he growled? “go ahead now, and
see that you make good your promises. If you
don’t, I need not tell you what you will get.”
Dunk smiled blandly as he stored the wealth
away iu a capacious pocket.

  “ Well, you need have no fear,” be said. “ I’ll
clearly explain, so you can understand. In the
first place, although you may have suspicioned
to tbe contrary, my Sierra Sam is the real
Sierra Sam, and tbe other fellow is an impostor,
but sharper than lightning, which I cannot say
of my man. At any rate, the other fellow is
sure to win, if left on the market, and the re-
mainder of the men will go over to his side, and
we’ll get drummed out of town. Emphatically,
te must be removed.”

  De Wolf Deering nodded his assent. Tfris de-
cision harmonized well with his own views.

  “Yes, he must be removed; but my man
must be put in his place—see? In this way, no
difference will be suspected, and my man will
at my orders arrange everything so the capture
of the strikers can be effected.”

  “ Good plan!”

  “ After the strikers are captured and given
the choice of allegiance or death, and tbat mat-
ter is settled, something else will be done. 1
am informed that Tabitha Green is to have her
will made soon, and as a matter of course she
will bave me draw it up, and I can easily fix it
so tbat every cent will revert to you, although
the real legatee will undoubtedly be his nibs,
tbe Reverend Obediah Potts. When by chance
Tabitha drops away, all will come to you; my
Sierra Sam will come up missing, and all will be
aw-serene and lovely as a sunflower in June.
Then you will have cause to thank the great
Junius Brutus Dunk for his efforts in making
you a nabob from a pauper.”

  “ Curse your impudrnce! I’ll bave you know
that I am no pauper,” Deering fired back. “ I’m
not so badly heeled.”

  “Well, that is your own business, not mine.
Now it remains for you to look tenderly after
your beloved aunt’s health, aud if after a proper
course of medicines you fail to see any improve-
ment, but, on the contrary, see that she is rap-
idly declining, you must not take the thing too
badly at heart, but be prepared for her drop-
ping off at auy time.”

  “ I shall profit by your advice,’’ Deering said,
wiping an imaginary tear from bis eyes. “ By
t’ e way, how are you going to dispose of Sierra
Sam?”

  “ Leave that to my ingenuity. I can decoy
and capture him, I reckon, without much
trouble.”	_

  Sierra Sam sat in French Fan’s saloon that
night, busied in making notes in bis memoran-
dum-book, when that perennial bummer, Snod-
2 2

Sierra Sam's Double,

grass, entered the place, and after looking over
tbe occupants of the room for awhile, finally
deposited his anatomy in a chair, across the
table from the Californian.

  “ Waal, how d’ye do?” Snodgrass began.
“ Tew bizzy tew receive a communication,
Cap?”*

  “ Oh, no,” Sam replied, putting up his book.
“ If yon have anything to unburden yourself of,
friend Snodgrass, proceed to business.”

  “ Waal, I allow et% ain’t much. I war jest
cornin’ past the post-offis, an’ tlio’t I’d ax fer
mail fer ye, as I allowed ye war hyar. An’ so
ther new gal w’ot ’tends ter ther “offis guv me
this,” and the Suorter drew forth from bis
jacket-pocket a crumpled-up letter.

  Sam received it, and perceived that it was
directed to himself in a feminine band.

  With some curiosity he tore off the envelope,
and glanced over the inclosed missive.

  It ran as follows:

“Sierra Sam:—

  “Dear Sir:—Be constantly on your guard, but
fear not! All will yet be well; that is, if my efforts
are successful. Keep quiet, and be sure and re-
member that you are expected to remain faithful
to your true ‘ pard ’ or your own choice, io prefer-
ence to all former ‘ pards.’ ”

  That was all. There was no signature; the
writing was neat and pretty.

  “Where di-l you get this, Snodgrass?” Sam
demanded, eying the bullwbacker shrewdly.

  “At the post-offis,” Snodgrass answered, with
an unblushing effort at earnestness. “ At the
oflls. Sammy.”

  “ Well, what’s your charges for mail service?”

  “ Waal, Sammy, et ain’t my natur’ to be
mean about small matters—so ef ye could make
et four bits, durned ef I won’t be yer uncle as
long as ther scythe of old Time endures contact
wi’ ther blades o' eternal grass!”

  To rid himself of the bummer, Sam tossed him
the desired amount, and then took leave.

  Several days elapsed.

  The situation iu Big Vista remained about the
same, 11 nther the strikers nor the anti-striker3
doing any work in the mines.

  The wedding of Miss Tabitha Green and Obe-
diah Potts had been postponed a few days, but
finally the day for the eveut arrived.

  The nuptials were to be celebrated iu the
Green mansion, and only a selected few bad
been invited to be present; yet when the hour
for the ceremony arrived, the house was filled,
many being present who had received 110 in-
vitation at all—among them Sierra Sam, the
strikers’ champion and leader.

  About two o’clock in the afternoon, Junius
Brutus Dunk entered the parlor, end thence was
shown into Miss Green’s private sitting-room.

  He had a bun lie of legal-looking papers iu bis
hand, anlth* rough audience at once surmised
that Miss Gr6°n was going to make some pro-
vision-. for t'ie future, iu the way of a will, be-
fore she married.

  About three o’clock the bridal party 'entered
tbe room, headed by the minister, and took
their places.

  Tbe minister then read tbe marriage service,
and pronounced Obediah Potts and Tabitha
Green man and wife.

  Scarcely had the benediction been pronounced,
when there was a sharp, detonating pistol-shot
heard; Mrs. Potts gave a quick gasp, and would
have fallen had not the minister from Vermont
quickly caught her in his arms, and supported
her to a couch.

  The only medicine-man in Big Vista was Je-
rome Stansill, aud he was immediately sent for.
He was a half-breed, but nevertheless bad a fair
education in doctoring.

  But, when be arrived at the bedside of Mrs.
Potts, he at once pronounced her past the power
of human aid.

  A short time later, she was raised and carried
into another room.

  The excitement was intense.

  The news of the tragedy at once spread
throughout the town, and soon a large crowd
was collected without the shanty and within.

  Upon every lip was the quesion—who shot
Tabitha Green?

  Nobody seemed to know among those wfc
had been present to witness the ceremony.

  Sierra Sam had heard a crash in a pane of
glass—saw Miss Green stagger as from receipt
of a shot—sprung forward to her side, just as
Obediah Potts caught her in his arms—just as
Obediah Potts said to him, in a low aud not un-
familiar tone:

  “ Sh! I know the man! Offer a reward, but:
do nothin? rash until you are further advised.”

  Then with the assistance of a miner, he car-
ried the wounded woman from tbe room, a3
soon as tbe doctor had given her a quick exam-
ination.

  Sierra Sam then turned to tbe crowd, which
surged clamorous throughout the room.

  “ Ladies aud gentlemen,” he said, in his tones,
ever clear and decisive, “ I pray you to be quiet
and to use discretion. A terrible crime has
been committed here, in our midst, and if you
know who is guilty, you are far wiser than I.
We came here to witness a ceremony of happi-
ness—instead, it proves to be one of sorrow.
But in this hour, gentlemen, it becomes us a3
men, to look up the man who did the terrible
deed. I soeak not to party or faction—I speak
to you all!”

  The speech was received with manifest ap-
proval on every hand.

  Inquiries were' at once circulated on every
hand, but no clew seemed forthcoming except
what Sam had received from Obediah Potts—
and that he was carefnl enough to keep secret.

  As soon as he could, Sierra Sam cleared the
parlor of every person except himself, Stockton,
Snodgrass, and Obediah Potts, and, of course,
excepting the darky servant, Clandie.

  Leaving Stockton and Snodgrass to see that
no intruders gained entrance, Sam then entered
the room where Miss Green, the doctor, and
Obediah Potts were.

  Miss Green was nqt insensible—she lay, look-
ing frroun 1 her with a searching glance, as if
expecting some one.

  Tbe doctor sat near at hand, looking really
sob»r, for a man of his evident habits.

  Obe liah Potts sat not far away, his head
bowed in his hands and he was weeping.

  Sierra Sam looked at him a second time before
turning to tbe dying woman, for it struck him
S erra Sam’s Double.

S3

that, to say tbe least, there was something pe-
culiar in his manner of weeping.

  He then turned to Miss Green.

  She was white; there was an expression of
pain upon her face—their glances met, almost
instantly.

  “ You are not Sammy?” she said, more inter-
rogatively than otherwise.

  “ I am Samuel Slocum, aunt, but not the
impostor you are fostering,” Sam replied. “ Ycu
have met with a bad misfortune, but we hope
to bring your assassin to light without much
difficulty. As your nephew, 1 feel it incumbent
on me to do all for you that lies in my power,
so if you have any word to leave—any requests
to make, intrust them in my care, and it shall
be my most earnest and welcome duty to exe-
cute your wishes to the letter.”

  She gazed at him, a new light seeming to
dawn over her countenance.

  “ I feel—ay, I seem to know that you are the
real Samuel Slocum,” she said, faintly, after a
moment’s study of his manly countenance.
'“You are a far different man from the other
claimant—I can see it clearly now—I feel by in-
stinct that you are the real son of my dead sister.”
She put forth her hand, and Sierra Sam took
.it in his.

  “ Dear aunt, I have only to tell you honestly,
that you are right. But I do pray that you
will not favor me. I have all of this world’s
igoods that I require to keep me through to the
end of my journey.

  “I came not to Big Vista, aunt, to become
your heir; on the contrary, I came to solicit you
not to connect me with an legacy you might
make, as 1 do not make a practice of receiving
what I do uot earn. But on my arrival here, I
found that the fellow who looks like me was
trying to get in a deal to the fore, and I
scheduled it as my duty to prevent him if pos-
sible. It is no matter of secret to you how well
I have succeeded.”	w

  “ I need no further assurance to convince me
who you are,” Mrs. Potts said, earnestly'. “ I
feel that I am going, and what is to be done,
must be done at once. Is Obediali here?”

  The Vermonter came forward, tears rolling
down his fat cheeks from in under his goggles.

  “ I am here, Tabitha,” he said, taking her
hand. “ What do you wish, dear?”

  “ Not much, Obediah. You know our mutual
secret, and that I am dying. I think that all is
coming out well, after all. I now realize that
this is really my nephew, Samuel. He does not
wish to become my lieir. Will you. when you
are through with my wealth, according to tbe
terms of my will, leave all to vrhom Samuel
may dictate?”

  “ I will,” Obediah replied, reverently.

  “ Samuel, have you any choice?”

  “ I have, if the matter be referred tome,” Sam
replied. “ Do you know a young lady named
Angel? ’

  “ Quite well,” Miss Green replied, an expres-
sion of pleasure lighting up her pallid fac^.

  “ Then, if it is your desire that I shall name
your heir, I will name the woman of my choice
—Angel,” Sam said.

  And Miss Green nodded her approval to Obe-
diah.

CHAPTER XII.
obediah’s departure.

  Within an hour after Sierra Sam named his
choice of heritage, Tabitha Green sunk peace-
fully into that sleep from which there is no
awakening.

  Befcre she dropped away, she whispered a few
words to Obediah, which he listened to with
strictest attention, and as far as Sam was able to
judge, her communication afforded tbe smooth-
faced, reverend geutleman the greatest degree
of satisfaction.

  After his services were no longer needed, Sam
went forth into the town, only to find that the
excitement had not abated to any great extent.

  A large crowd was gathered about old Stock-
ton, but they gave a cheer of approval as Sierra
Sam came up.

  “ She’s dead, aire she?” several miners inter-
rogated, as the Californian came up.

  “Yes, she is dead,” Sam replied, “and I sup-
pose you’ve not found the murderer yet? Wbat
residents of the place have not been seen to-
day?”

  “ De Wolf Deering, for one—he went down to
Flumeville last night,” Stockton answered.

  “ Angel ain’t nowbar ter be found, an’ t’other
Sierra Sam, nuther,” a Chinaman importer re-
marked.

  “ Gentlemen,’’ Sierra Sam said, “I have no
doubt but what I can name tbe man who shot
Tabitha Green. De W olf Deering would not be
away from Big Vista on such an occasion with-
out some very important cause. Come, let’s
find out if he has been in Flumeville.”

 Headed by him and Stockton, the crowd
tramped over to the post-office, aud here Sam
sat down at the telegraph instrument, and sent
a message to Flumeville, inquiring if De Wolf
Deering had been seen there within twenty-four
hours.

  After a five minutes’ wait, the answer flashed
back that Deering had not been there.

  “See. boys,” Sam said—“straws most gener-
ally tell which way the wind blows. My ami-
able cousin lias not been in the lower camp—
where has he been? Couldn’t he have slipped
down into the vicinity of my nmiden aunt’9
shanty, in disguise, accomplished his purpose,
aud slipped away again unobserved?”

  “ Easy enuff, an’ be war none too good to do
sech a thing, neither!’* Snodgrass, the Snorte*
declared. “ Why ther durned galoot hes been
a-tryin’ ter sic me onter Serious Sam’l lieer, by
offerin’ me fifty dollars, but this great snortin’
starm o’ evei lastin’ fury wouldn’t sic wu’th a
cent.”

  The Snorter’s verdict was indorsed by the
strikers, but the remaining part of tbe popula-
tion would listen to no charge against their
leader.

  Nevertheless, Sam had a long talk with his
men, and ordered placards posted up about the
town, offering five hundred dollars reward for
tbe capture of De Wolf Deering, dead or alive.

  The cards we/e written out and posted in
prpminent places, there to be viewed by the
crowd at large, but no attempt was made, on
tbe part of the Deering element, to disturb ot
mutilate the notices thus posted.
24

Sierra. Sam's Double.

  Toward evening, Sierra Sam dropped into the
“Find,” and sought out, French Fan, who was
seated in a retired corner of the room, engaged
in reading a novel.

  She pushed a chair forward for him, as he ap-
proached, with one of her old winning smiles,
and remarked:

  “ By the way. Miss Green is dead, and you are
neir, I suppose?’

  “ Quite to the contrary. I do not aspire to
occupying dead women’s shoes. I came to ask
you where Angel is?”

  “ I do not know. I have been worrying much
about her strange periods of absence.”

  “ On whose account—hers, or your own?”
Sam asked, scrutinizing her fair face with a
searching stare that brought color to her
cheeks.

  “ As a matter of course, on her account,” she
replied quickly. “ I have bad fears—”

  “ Tnat she w is not remaining true to tho vows
of the Sisters Sarouy?” Sam interrogated.

   “ Well, ye3, so to speak. But, that is foolish.
Angel is as constant as either of us. I can not
understand where she goes!”

  “Perhaps, while you aud Trumps remain
idle, she is working up a case against me!”
Sam laughed. “ Still waters run deep, aud so
forth.”

  “ It may be that you are our man, after all,”
Fan ans vered, a strange, set expression coming
upon her councenauce. “ If you are, you will
be wise to take advantage of the respite we are
giving you.

  “ [ am not inclined to take advantage of the
circumstance,” he replied, turning away.

  Latar that night, on his return to the Green
residence, he was hailed by Junius Brutus
Duuk, who stood iu the doorway of his
shanty.

  “Hello! Come over: I want to see you,” the
skinny mau cried, in a loud voice.

  “ But I don’t want to see you,” Sam re-
turned, striding on. “ You’re mistaken iu the
man. ’

  “ Not a bit of it!” Dunk shouted after him.
I know you apart. By the way, it’s all right;
see you later.”

  When Sain arrived at the Green residence ho
found the parlor occupied by Obediah Potts,
and a strau ;er, who was very busy ut writing.

  “ I am glad you have come,” the Vermonter
said, “ for I am making necessary arrangements
for m/ departure from this place. Mr. Slocum,
Mr. Dale, a lawyer, whom I have engaged to
make my last will and testament.”

  The two men acknowledged the introduction
—then Dale said:

  “ Mr. Potts, I have made out your will, I
think, according to your directions. If you
will listen I will read it to you.”

  Obediah noddei assent, and the will was read,
the devise making “ the young woman of Big
“ Vista, know as Angel, sole heir to all-in-all
“ belonging to Obediah Potts, whether real or
“ personal property, bonds, money, or claims
44 by heritage.”

  “ It is all right,” tbe Vermonter said, when
he heard it read. “Please call in some dis-
interested parties as witnesses, and then I shall
be ready to leave.”

  “ What! you are not goiugaway, Mr. Potts?”
Sierra Sam asked, in surprise.

  “ Ay, I am going to bid farewell to this part
of tbe country,” was tbe sad answer. “ I have
now nothing to keep me longer here, and prefer
to go where 1 can hide my grief with myself.”
“I hate to see you leave us, for citizens of
your stamp are by no meags a drug on the
market bere in Big Vista.”

  “ Maybe not, sir; but I assure you that noth-
ing can tempt me to remain here. By the way,
sir, here is a letter you will oblige me by
delivering to Angel, after I have taken my
departure.”

  Sam received a sealed envelope, and soon after
watched Obediah Potts mount a newly-pur-
chased burro, just outside tbe shanty, and ride
away.

  “A singular personage, whom, thus far, I
have not been able to mak« out,” was Sam’s
verdict, as Obediah disappeared from view.
“ By tbe way, I’ll have an excuse for dropping
in at tbe post-office now.”

  He did drop in, awhile later, just as Trumps
was about to shut up shop.

  “Good-evening, parti!’ she accosted, in her
jolly way. “Are you going to buy something1?
Do, for pity’s sake, because I’ve not takeu in a
dollar to-night, and tbe boss will think wheo
she gets back, that I’ve been knocking down on
the receipts.”

  “ Yes. I’ll buy a bunch of cigars, if you’ll
give me a receipt for the pay for them,’ Sam
said, laughing—but in reality he meant what be
said, because be wanted to get a specimen of
her chirography to compare with the note he
had received through Suodgrass.

  “It’s a bargai a!” Trumps assented, seizing a
peucil aud sheet of paper and rapidly writing
out the receipt. “There you are: Received of
Sierra Sam, ten bits fot- five cigars. Signed—
Tramps, for Angel.”

  Sam received the paper with an amused smile.

  44	Tbat will answer, I guess.” he said, at the
same time noting that the writing was in no
way similar to that he mentjilly compared it
with. “ Here’s your pay. By the way, where
is the fair postmistress, that she appeareth so
seldom?”

  “ Give it up,” Trumps replied. “ What mat-
ters it to you, anyhow? Married men should be
careful not to be too iuquisitive about otb?r
ladies. ”

  “ P’r’aps,” said Sam, dryly.

  Just then some one hurriedly passed the door
of the post-office, at the same time flinging in a
letter.

  Sam stooped and picked it up, somewhat anx-
ious to know to whom it was addressed.

  “ Why, it is for me!” he said, tearing it open.
There were but a few lines of tbe conteuts,
which ran as follows:

  “ Mr. Slocum:—T am in trouble. Will you lend me
a helping hand?—help me to solve a mystery? Come
to the sinall-pox cabin. Yours evcr, Angel.”

CHAPTER XIII.

TRAPPED.

  Sierra Sam’s pulse beat faster as he read th-t
note.
Sierra, Sam's Double.

85

  “ Bad news?” Trumps queried, observing the
slight flush that came over his face.

  “ Well, rather. Guess it can be fixed up all
right,” he replied, bowing himself out of the
place, and hurrying up the street.

  With his mind busied with thoughts of the
youug postmistress and what could possibly be
the nature of her trouble, Sam had no suspicion
of treachery.

  The letter was written in a fine, graceful style
of chirography, which could not well have baen
indited by a man, unless he was an adept at imi-
tation.

  Arrived at the old cabin, Sam opened the
door, and stepped within, expecting to see Angel
in waiting for him.

  But in this, he was mistaken.

  Hardly had he stepped his foot upon the rocky
..loor within, when ne received a Mow upon ths
forehead which knocked him clear out of the
cabin.

 He was partially stunned, but yet knew
enough to realize that he was dragged back into
the shanty, and his limbs securely bound with
6trong leather straps.

 He was also aw’are that some water was
dashed into his face, and was finally able to
open bis eyes with a full sense of consciousness
that a man sat astride his body, and was look-
ing steadily down into his face, with a pair of
gleaming eyes.

  Dark though it was in the room, Sam was not
long in distinguishing the thin, sharp features
of Junius Brutus Dunk.

 “Ah! so you have come to, have you, my
(riend Sam’i?”the skinny man chuckled, shov-
ing the muzzle of oue of his revolvers in under
the cool blade’s nose. “Your girl gave you
rather a warm reception, didn’t she?”

 “Rather,” Sam responded. “I was off my

fuard or you’d never have taken me, this easy.

Vhat do you want, you rack-a-boues?”

  “Just what I’ve got—you." Dunk declared,
with a satisfied air. “ I invited you over to
have a chat, awhile ago, but you were too shy;
so I had to bait you. By the way, don’t you
think it’s about time you let up for awhile, and
confine yourself to quiet? You’ve been really
too active, since you came to Big Vista, and it
seems to me as though you ought to slack up,
and give some other people a show for their
money.”

  “ So you concluded to put a damper in me, to
shut off my action, eh?” Sam queried.

  “ Exactly, exactly! you have too much action
to accord with the way things should go—so it
becomes necessary to temporarily remove* you
from the scene of your schemes, t,o more sedate
aud substantial quarters, where you will re-
main in durance until I see fit to turn you
loose.”

  “ I presume, by that, you are in the employ of
my amiable cousin, Deering?”

 “Not impossible nor improbable. At all
events, I have reason to want you out >f the
way, until I make what money T can—then, I
have no further use for you. You will, like a
gentleman, permit me to blindfold you, and bind
up your vocabulary-trap, in order that you
may not utter any dulcet notes, while I trans-
port you hence, to your future abiding-place.”

  Sam did not reply. He was not the man to
parley unless he saw a fair chance for waking
something out of it, and seeing that it was use-
less to “ chin ’ witu a man of Dunk’s caliber, he
maintained a grim silence, aud allowed the hu-
man cadaver to bind his mouth over with a
strip of blanket, and blindfold his eyes with a
similar piece.

  Dunk then left the shanty and was absent
several minutes, wheuhe returned, accompanied
by another man.

  Sam was then raised, and carried from the
cabin, and bound upon the buck of a mule.

  A short conversation ensued between Dunk
and his companion, after which tbe latter mount-
ed a secoud mule and rode off down the trail,
leading the first by a strap.

  Thus from Big Vista’s hopeful young metropo-
lis, was borne away the only man \»ho was
universally feared and respected—even by those
who turned against him, even though they were
too rough and one-sided to acknowledge the
fact.

  The following morning was an eventful one,
in Big Vista.

  When old Stockton arose bright and early, he
made a discovery, that, to him was alarming.

  The Deering gang was once more guarding
the mouth of the mines—not alone among them-
selves as formerly, but reinforced by at least a
hundred men from Flumeville.

  As quickly and as quietly as possible, Stock-
ton had his own supporting party aroused, aud
gathered within French Fan’s saloon.

  Here a consultation was held, which Stockton
had to lead, as Siena Sam was not present, and
could not be readily found.

  “Ther durned galootshev got us now, unless
we kin do some big schemin’ ter sarcumvent
’em,” the veteran declared. “ I tell ye 1 wish
Sam’l war here. Anybody seen him?”

  No one responded.

  “ Probably he’s skipped out, an’ smuggled in
the Flumes, ter work ag’in’ us,” oue miner sug-
gested.

  “ No sech a thing!” Stockton denied, stoutly.
“ Thet man Sam is as square as ther day is long,
I tell you!”

  “You bet on Ibatl” a voice cried out, and
Sierra Sam No. 2 stepped into tbe room smil-
ingly.

  A cheer went up from the crowd.

  They did not recognize the difference between
him and the original.

  “Stockton, I am glad to hear that you enter-
tain so good an opinion of me,” he said, grasping
the veteran’s hand. “ By the way, I have been
on a little spying expedition in tbe enemy’s
camp, in disguise, and while I do not anticipate
any immediate hostile proceeding on their part,
it will be well enough to keep our forces under
this present shelter. I have no doubt the other
gang will go to work in a day or so with Deering
at the fore. If any one gains possession of
Tabitha Green’s mines, then it will be only by
a superior force of numbers. I’ll speak with
mine host Fanny, and see if b<jr larder will sup-
port. us as regards provender.”

  Stocktou watched him narrowly as je walked
J86

Sierra Sam’s Double,

over to where Fanny was sitting alone, appar-
ently absorbed in thought.

  “ Well, I see you’ve made my place a fort
again,” she said, looking up with a smile.

  “ Yes, for a time. They ruug in a sly deal
upon us, these anti-strikers, by importiug some
Flumevillians. It strikes me, Fanny, that it is
going to be a tough struggle before we get
through—this to you only.”

  “Do you think so?”

  She looked at him curiously as she spoke.

  “ Yes. 1 do houestly think so. They have
over three men to our one, I suspect, for they
are expecting still another reinforcement from
Flumeville. To let this out to the men would
ba disastrous just now, and so I must cheer them
on and give them every encouragemeut to
strengthen their bravery. I trust you will assist
me?”

  “ Do you need to ask, Mr. Slocum?’’ was the
thrilling answer. “ I think you know full well
that I would do all iu my power for you.''

  “Yoa inspire me, Fanny,” the false Sierra
Sam said, earnestly. “ I think I do compre-
hend your nature thoroughly, and can read your
heart as though it were my own. I know you
are passionate and intense in your loves and
hates. Fanny, I know more—I know that you
love me, and I wish you now to know that I also
love you with all the power of my soul and
being! Only tell me, Fanny, that though the
whole world may pronounce me false, and beat
and cheat me at every turn, and that though
others and even death may come to claim me,
you will remain true to me to tbe last.”

  She did not reply, and kept her flushed, joy-
ous face still averted, but put forth her hand in
his as her answer.

  “May our reward be happiness!” he said, in
a low. fervent tone. “ Excuse me now, please.
I must look to the wants of the men, and keep
them in good heart. Have you a jug of whisky
you can sell me? I wish to give them all a ra-
tion to put them on nerve.”

  “I will see,” she said, arisiug. “Come with
me, mine!"' and her lovinz glance caused even
the heart of the impostor to thrill within him.

  She led the way behind the bar and thence
into a small room opening off from that end of
the building.

  Here were decanters, jugs and quarter-barrels
of various kinds of liquor*.

  Sierra S im—as we shall yet call him—selected
a gallon jug of Bourbon, and tasted of it to sam-
ple its quality.

  “ That will do,” he said. “Now, if you will
be kind enough to bring me a quart of water,
and an empty flask, I will weaken this, as I do
not care to stimulate the men beyond a certain
degree.”

  Fan went back into the bar-room for the flask
and water.

  While she was gone, the villain emptied a pint
of the liquor through a knot-hole in the floor,
and quickly emntiel the contents of a pint-
bottle into the demijohn.

  “That will settle their hash!” he muttei’ed.

  All’s fair in love or war.”

  Fan ca-n« in a moment later.

  “I guess I’ll give it to them just as it is, but
ill small doses,” he said, smiling. “ You know

the more bornet-stings to the inch of bug-juice
the better it suits the average Western man.”

  They then went back into the saloon, which
contained all tbe strikers.

 Commencing with old Stockton, the bogus
Sierra Sam proceeded to give every man a
liberal drink of the powerfully drugged liquor,
and ended by pretending to take a hearty drink
himself, but the lightning way in which be suc-
ceeded in slipping it down within his shirt-
bosom, showed that be was at least an expert in
the “ ways that are dark.”

  “Now, boys,” he said, ‘'business is before us,
and I want to distinctly impress upon your
memories that business is busiuess. We have a
big odcfs to contend with, aud if we hope to win,
we must be stroDg, agile and sharp. I will now
leave Stockton to get you in fighting trim,
while I slip out, and tnalce a few more observa-
tions.”

 The majority of the men grunted forth an
assent, but the veteran Stockton did not appear
to feel so deeply impressed with the pseudo-
Californian’s speech.

  “ Boys,” he said, after Sierra Sam had left the
saloon, “ I feel all mixed up, and I guess I’ll go
and sit down awhile and consider.”

  And he did sit down, but it was not five min-
utes ere his eyes were closed, and he wus in ob-
livion, so far as his surroundings were con-
cerned.

  One by one his followers dropped into chairs,
or upon the floor, as the case might be. from
the effects o? the drug that had been put in the
liquor.

  With a pallid face and stariojr. frightened
gaze, French Fan leaned against her bur, and
watched the startling effect of the liquor, the
truth of the pseudo Sierra Sam’s falsity, gradu-
ally dawning upon her.

  “ My God—I have been the tool of a demon in
nature’s disguise, who has taken advantage of
my weakness and gained a point in power. That
man was not the real Sierra Sam!”

  She sat staring at tbe wreck about her. won-
dering what next would follow, and yet not
possessed of power to raise a band toward arous-
ing tbe drugged men from their stupor.

  Once she saw the door of the saloon open, and
Angel step within—saw her tike a quick, com-
prehending glance about—saw her dart out
again, and close the door.

  Then all was quiet again, deathly quiet, it
seemed— until the door was burst violently
open, and De Wolf Deering, with two-score or
more of armed men at his back, burst into the
room.

  “ Hurrah, bovs! Victory i- nine at last/’ he
yelled, leaping forward toward French Fan.

CHAPTER XIV.

THE CHOICE OF LOTS.

 There was no 6ne to gainsay Deering’s cry
of victory, except French Fan alone, but she
not only knew that her voice would be useless
on this occasion, but the less she said the better
for her.

 “ Come along,” Deering roared to his men.
“ We’ve got everything our own way now, and
we must improve the advantage. Bind every
mau, hand and foot!”
Sierra Sam’s Double.

27

  The job was quickly completed, without
awakening the drugged sleepers, and they were
shouldered and carried off to the vicinity of the
mouth of the shafts, where a camp had been
established for tbe Flumeville miners.

  French Fan watched the proceeding with a
colorless face.

  Deering approached her with a triumphant
leer upon his sensual face.

  “ Well, what d’ye think o’ matters?” lie de-
manded, with a malicious smile. “ Rather trip-
ped up your calculations, didn’t it?”

  “ Not in the least. The plan was worked ad-
mirably, as I predicted it would w’hen I con-
sented to furnish tbe whisky,” Fanny replied,
witli apparent coolness.

  “ You?” Deering gasped.

  “ Yes, I! Didn’t know that I was a party to
the scheme, did you?”

  “ No r

  “Thought not. If it hadn’t been for me and
Trumps and Angel, your little calculation
wouldn’t bave worked at all.”

  “Oh! I see. You ary trying tp crepp around
onto tbe side offering the most protection,”
Deering sneered. “ Well, ye’d better. Soon’s I
get matters straightened around sbip-sbape, one
of you three girls have got to marry me.”

  “Choose me, and J.’il scratch your ugly eyes
out, first chance I get!” Fann3r assured, with a
grimace. “ I think that I will have the bogus
Sierra Sam and leave you out in the cold.”

  “ In which case the fair Angel will do me just
as well, and she is much more attractive than
you,” Deeriug retorted, as he turned and left
the saloon.

  When he and the last of his gang were gone,
and she was alone, a strange expression came
over the face of the girl, as she stood staring
into a mirror behind the bar.

  “ Even he twits me of my sister’s superior
beauty,” she murmured, “knowing that it is an
unwelcome fact to me. Angel is more beautiful
than I, and worst of all, Sierra Sam knows it.
While I will give up all on earth I hold dear for
his sake, he passes me by to bestow bis affection
upon her. Oh! why is this so?”

  She bowed her head in her hands, and wept
with intense feeling.

  The door opened and Trumps came into the
saloon, seeming to be rather surprised to see the
other giving away to grief.

  French Fan looked up, half-fiercely, as if the
intrusion were unwelcome.

  “ What do you want?” she demanded, sharply,
dryiug ner tears.

  “ I want you to brace up and be yourself,”
Trumps replied, speaking with more sternness
than was usual with her. “ What is the
matter?”

  “ Nothing!” Fan flashed back, recovering her
composure with an effort.

  Trumps smiled.

  “ I fancy I comprehend what is the matter
with you,’’she said, knowingly. “You are weak-
er than I ever supposed. But this won’t do.
You know what yet remains to be done, and it
must done at once. The time has arrived when
we must smother every hope and desire, and
strike the blow we came here to strike. Get
Teady aud come to the •abin.”

  An hour later the three Sisters Sarony sat at
tbe table in small-pox cabin—noc in their dis-
guise in black, but as was their usual appearance
in Bie Vista.

  “ Where is the real Sierra Sam?” Angel asked,
opening the the meeting. “ He is not in Big
Vista.”

  “ I do not know,” Fan replied. “ I suppose it
was he who came into the saloon and got the
liquor to treat tbe strikers, but awakened to
the cheat, when I saw tbe effeet cf the drug.”

  “ Your customary shrewdness must bave been
love-blinded, ’ Angel said, with a rather cynical
laugb. “ I fancy, bad it been me, I should have
detected tbe cheat by instinct.”

  “ You have unusual confidence in yourself,”
Fanny retorted. “ Have you anything to offer,
Trumps?”

  “ Yes./ It is my opinion Sierra Sam has been
decoyed and captured,” Trumps replied. “ Last
night just before I closed up he came into tbe
store and asked for Angel. While there some
one flung him in a letter, which he opened and
read, and then left in a hurry. Before he left
he dropped this letter for Augel into tbe postal-
box,” and as she finished speaking Trumps flung
a letter across tbe table to where Augel was
seated.

  “ A love-letter, I presume.” French Fan re-
marked, sarcastically.

  “ On tbe contrary, it is not from Sierra Sam
at all, Angel said, after opening it. “ Listen;

‘“Angel, of Big Vista:—

  “ * Es i eemed Lady—When this missive reaches you
all that is earthly of Obediah Potts will have been
consigned lo the tomb, and all property left behind
by me will be yours, according to the provisions of
my last will and testament, left 111 the liands of one
Lawyer Dale, and you can errer into the immediate

Eossession of your inheritance, with the last and
est well-wishes of	Obediah Potts.’ ”

  French Fan and Trumps uttered exclamations
of surprise.

 “That means tbat you are heir to tbe Big
Vista min«fc,” Trumps said, “for I understand
Tabitha left everything to the old Vermonter.”
“That remains to be seen,” Fan fernarked.
“ You remember that tbe rascal Dunk drew her
will, and he is tbe right-hand mau of De Wolf
Deering. It would be easy for him to have some
flaw in tbe will, so that Obediah would have no
claim through Tabitba’s death.”

  “You ara right,” Angel asserted. “ Dunk is
an arrant knave, aud will play the genie be can
see tbe most money in, you can rest assured.
We must look him up, and get posse&sion of the
will.”

  “ I believe the terms of our mutual agree-
ment apply only to tbe accomplishing of one
object,” Fan suggested, rather coldly, “and per-
sonal matters should not be considered by us as
a sisterhood.”

  Angel flushed.

  “Perhaps you are right,” she returned, calm-
ly. “ I perceive tbat you are so far forgetting
your oath as to allow jealousy a corner in your
heart. Therefore, I will try not to burden you
with any of my troubles.”

  “ Stop! this will not do!” Trumps commanded
authoritatively. “ Let us remain sisters, at leasst
while our mission is unaccomplished. I think
28

Sierra. Sam's Double.1

we are all well satisfied which is our roau now,
are we not?”

  Both Angel and Fan assented.

  Indeed, after the bogus Sierra Sam’s treach-
ery, there could be but little doubt iu the
matter.

  “ McNorrin, as he claimed to be before com-
ing here,” Trumps went ou, “ is in reality Frank
Fuller, the murderer of our poor dead sister,
Adele. This same Frank Fuller i? also the
man who betrayed the meu of Big Vista into the
hands of the enemyf’

  Angel aud Fau nodded their assent.

  *l Such being the case, it behooves us, before
looking up the real Sierra Sim, to secure our
man. I believe it was a part of our agreement
that we should all join equally iu the search,
and when we found the man we were to draw
lots to determine who should strike the blow of
vengeance?”

  “ Exactly,?’ French Fan replied. “ It but re-
mains now to see who is elected to that honor.
L9t Angel prepare the lots—whoever draws tbe
shortest out of three shall do the last act in the
programme.”

  Angel’s face paled, but she did not hesitate,
^he knew too well the terms of the vow that
bound them together.

  Shf* arose, procured three matches, and going
to,the further side of the room, Oroke them off
iu uneven lengths. She then returned to the
table, and held the exposed ends toward her
sister.

  “There they are,” she said, gravely. “Con-
sider what the result of drawing the shortest
must be, and make your choice.”

  Trumps drew first, choosing the match nearest
to her.

  It proved to be the one that had been broken
off near to the center.

  “ You next,” Angel said, looking at French
Fan.

  Tbe latter reached forth her fair white hand,
with its glittering array of diamond-set rings,
and drew one of the sticks.

  Angel then opened her hand, exposing the
length of the other.

  Fan had drawn the shortest of the three
pieces, and was elected to strike the blow that
was to avenge a dead sister’s wrongs.

  “The meeting is adjourned,” Angel said.
“The vows that have heretofore bound us to-
gether are hereby dissolved.”

CHAPTER XV.

A FRIEND, UNEXPECTED.

  Sierra Sam was taken to a cave in the
mountains, not three miles from Big Vista.

  Here his conductor unbound him from the
horse, assisted him to dismount, removed the
gag from his mouth, and the clotb from before
his eyes.

  The cave was so dark that at first Sam could
hardly distinguish the features of his captor,
but when he did, he gave vent *o au exclama-
tion of surprise.

   “ Balbro, as I live!” he cried.

  “ Ay, Bilbro,” his captor replied, “though I
am rather ashamed to acknowledge the fact.
Sierra Sam. I give you my word of honor, I
kue-v not this was you. when Deering sent me

here with you. He told me you were the bogus,
instead of the real Sierra Sam, and that he was
working solely for your interests.”

  “Indeed!” Sam replied, rather sarcastically.
“ Why did you come here to Big Vista, Balbro,
when I positively warned you men of Flume-
ville not to come?”

  “ Simply because I came to help you, Sam,
and bring the other party to confusion. With
such an aim in view I accepted the charge from
the rascal, Deering, of bringing you here.”

  Sam looked at the man steadily and accus-
ingly, but on account of the gloom, could dis-
cern no particular expression upon his face.

  “ See nere, Balbro,” he said, iu a sternly sober
tone, “you remember I did you a service, once.”
“ Have 1 ever forgotten it? I came into
Flumeville one day, a wreck of a drunken
loafer, rough and wretched. You met me and
made me better by exacting a promise from me
to brace up, and putting money in my hand.,
wheu I had none in my pocket. I did brace upv
iu some respects, aud got work through your
agency, and though I am counted a pretty
rough character, as such run, I have it to say
proudly, that I would not harm a hair of your
head for all the wealth Big Vista boasts.”

  “ I believe you, Balbro, so let that subjec*
drop. What do you propose to do next?”

  “ What do you suppose?” Balbro asked. “ a
frieud in need, is a friend indeed; but a friend
by act, is a frieud intact.”

  And drawing his 'inife, tbe bummer cut the
Californian’s nouds.

  “ Now, then,” n* said, “ back for Big Vista we
go. As I told you before, I never forget a kind-
ness, and I propose to further prove it. All the
men I had brought from Flumeville are your
friends, as well as mine, regardljss of wages or
other influence. At the present time, very
likely, your men, through the agency of Junius
Brutus Dunk, are in Deeriug’s power, but it
shall not long be so.”

  “ Let’s start for Big Vista as soon as possible,
then,” said Sam.

  “ Correct! We will start at once, but I must
make a detour, in order to reach a hidden dis-
guise. Sj, if you. choose, you can go on ahead
to the vicinity of the town, and await my ar-
rival, there, when we will form plans for the
discomfiture of the other party.”

  Having little doubt but what Balbro was true,
Sierra Sam agreed to his proposition, and they
soon after left the cave, Balbro going toward
Flumeville, and Sam shaping his route toward
the town once more.

  “ When I get there now,” he muttered, “ mat-
ters will have to be narrowed down.”

CHAPTER XVI.

CONCLUSION.

  Sierra Sam went bade to the vicinity of Big
Vista, to the place that Balbro had appointed.
It was not far from the small-pox cabin, aud
knowing that he had plenty of time, Sam made
his wav to the cabin to see if some disguises he
had left there had been disturbed.

  To bis surprise, when he eutered the place he
found Snodgrass, the Snorter there, seated, com-
fortably with his heels elevated upon the table
and in evident enjoymeut of a cigar.
Sierra Sam’s Double*	99

 “Oh! is that you, Sammy?” he saluted.
“ Come in and take a seat. I got a little ahead
of you by a short cut, and thought I’d take a
little rest.”

  “ Got ahead of me?” Sam asked, advancing
and taking a seat opposite the Snorter. “Ah!
I fancy I get onto the racket!”

  “ It is not my fault if you don’t, Sam’l,” the
seeming bullwbacker replied, “ for I am Balhro,
and likewise the Snodgrass you once met in
Flumeville, aud afterward infringed upon.”

  “ By all that’s wonderful, I am surprised at
this revelation,” Sam declared, seating himself
nearer to the mau that he might get a better
view of him in the dim light of the lautern.

  “ I see now that your eyes aud the eyes of
Balbro are the same. When we left the post-
office, once upon a time, and agreed that I should
renounce my right to the title of Snodgrass, J.
had no idea I had ever met you except as Snod-
grass, which character you will acknowledge I
personated with a fair degree of success.”

  “ Nearly if not quite as good as myself, the
original,” Balbro replied. “ By the way, while
you have been improving a roundabout way to
reach this place, I have been making some ob-
servations, aud I have come to tbe conclusion
that we can profit best for a while by remaining
concealed in this place.”

  And they did remain concealed in the “ lean-
to” kitchen—remained there until the three Sis-
ters Sarony had visited the place and decided,
by drawing lots, who should be the one of the
Black Trio to deal the fatal blow to Frank Ful-
ler, the murderer of Adele Sarony!

  When the strange trio were gone, Sam and
Balbro set out for French Fan’s saloon, aud
found it deserted, except of tbe fair proprietress,
who seemed surprised at sight of Sam.

  “ Why, Mr. Slocum, how glad I am to see you
back! Have you been in trouble?”

  “Well, no; not particularly,” Sam replied.
“ How does the situation stand this morning?”

  “ Bad!” Fan replied. “Deering and his gang
have possession of the town, through having
captured the strikers.”

  She then went on to explain what is already
known to the reader, concerning the drugged
liquor, which the bogus Sierra Sam had admin-
istered to the unsuspecting strikers.

  “ We’ll soon settle the matter now,” Balbro
announced. “ Come, Slocum, and we’ll deal
Deering a deal he does not anticipate.”

  They left the saloon and crossed the plateau
toward the mouth of the mines, where the
Flumevillians’ camp bad been pitched, and in
whose charge the captured strikers had been
placed.

  When they arrived at the scene of the camp,
Deering made his appearance from the ore-
breaker, and strode over to where Sam and
Balbro had halted.

  “ See here, what the deuce are you two loafers
hanging around here for?” he demanded, with
an oath. “ This town is mine now, and I’ll give
you just about five minutes to clear out of it,
and never show up here again!”

  “Is it possible?” Sam retorted. “Where do
you get so much authority?”

  “Here!” Deering replied, waving his hand
triumphantly toward his men aud the Flume-

ville recruits. “ By force of numbers, as you
perceive. Your strikers are my prisoners, and
are to be tried and sentenced at my convenience.
If you do not want to share their fate, get up
and git!”

  “ I am sorry to say that I don’t scare worth a
cent,” Sam retorted, with imperturbable cool-
ness. “ De Wolf Deering, 1 am an officer of the
law, and demand your surrender, in the name
of the law, for the murder of Tabitha Green,
who yet lies unburied in her residence.”

  As be spoke Sam stepped forward to grasp
his villainous cousin, but was not permitted to
attain bis object.

  A dozen of Deering’s men leaped in front of
him and, though be drew a knife and fought
them back fiercely, they soon succeeded in over-
powering him, and also secured Suodgrass.

  Both were firmly bound to posts in tbe vicin-
ity.

  “ O-hol your authority don’t extend very far!”
Deering sneered, striding up to Sam and smiting
him across the cheek. “ By all the furies, ycu’ll
find you’ve been taking sides against the wrong
man in this matter, and to-night at sunset, you
shall receive your trial the same as tbe others,
and you need not rack your brains to guess
what your sentence will be. I am the one who
holds the trump, and you shall 1 pass!’ ”

  “ Maybe not,” Sam replied, retaining his com-
posure.

  But when sunset came there was no move-
ment toward a trial, and Sam was removed
from the post and locked up, helpless, in an
empty shanty.

  Darkness soon stole over the now grim moun-
tain town, and Sam lay still and watchful, in
his temporary prison, rather expecting that it
would not be long ere Snodgrass and bis men
would come to his rescue.

  The evening was well advanced, when the
door was cautiously opened and some one en-
tered the room.

  At first Sam could not make out who it was,
but as soon as the light of a bull’s-eye lantern
was turned on, he perceived that it was French
Fan.

  There was an expression of stern resolve upon
her face, as she advanced, and Sam saw, to his
astonishment, that her right hand clutched a
shining dagger.

  “ Hello! Out on a carving expedition?” Sam
interrogated, more merrily than be really felt.

  “ I presume you will find out!” Fan responded.
“ Terry McNorrin, Sierra Sam, or Frank Ful-
ler, whichever you choose to call yourself, your
time is up. Your lease of life has already been
longer than it should be or would have been,
but for your strange resemblance to the real
Sierra Sam. Do you not know me, murderer?
I am Bijou Sarony, the one of the three Sisters
Sarony, elected to avenge our sister’s death, by
killing you!”

  She raised her weapon aloft, and bent forward
toward him.

  “Stop!” Sam cried, sharply, “ I am uot Mc-
Norrin—I am Sam Slocum, the original. Strike
me not]”

  “ You lie! You cannot cheat me now, as y®n
did when you drugged the miners, for my eyea
•re uot to be deceived. As you murdered my
Sierra Sam’s Double.

sister, so shall you die, and may God have
mercy on your soul 1”

  Her band flew upward, and the blade flashed
through air.

  Sam quickly rolled over, and the weapon was
partly buried in tbe rough floor of the shanty.

  French Fan uttered a vexed cry, and attempt-
ed to jerk forth the weapon, but before she could
do so, she was seized from behind, and dragged
bodily from the shanty.

  “ Fool!” Trumps cried in her ear, “ that is not
your man. There he stands now!”

  She pointed over to tbe open doorway of
Dunk’s shanty.

  From where they stood, they could see the
outlines of tbe pseudo Sierra Sam looming up in
tbe doorway.

  “ Are you sure?” Fan demauded, trembling
all over.

 “Positive!” Trumps asserted. “You came
Hear murdering the real Sierra Sam.”

  Fan darted away, with a strange gasp.

  About midnight, the door of Sierra Sam’s
prison was once more opened, and Snodgrass
entered.

  “ All right!” he said, cutting Sam’s bonds.
“ Deering’s men are all captured, and all that
remains is to secure him aud his man Dunk.”

  They left the place, and went at once to Deer-
ing’s snanty, backed by a crowd of Sam’s re-
leased men and the Flumevillians.

  Deering was not up, having turned in for the
night; but a few raps brought him to the door,
in simply bis shirt aud pants.

  “ Hello! what meaus this racket?” he roared,
savagely.

  It means that you have run to the end of
your rope!” Sam cried, springing forward, and
dextrously haudcufling the ruffian. “ This time

I	make sure of you, my amiable Deering!”

  What remains necessary to be told of this
story can be given in a few words.

  Following Deering’^ arrest, Dunk was also
seized, aud Tabitha Green’s will was found upon
his person, so altered and erased tbat it was
hardly readable, and gave everything to Deer-

  earing that his life was in peril, however,
the cadaverous scoundrel made a confession, in
which he admitted that Obediah Potts was the
legatee, and also that De Wolf Deering himself,
and the bogus Sierra Sam had conspired for the
murder of poor Tabitha, and tbat Deering had
committed the crime; also that Deeriug was at
che head of the gang of road-agents who fre-

quently robbed the stages, many of whom were
men under Deeriug’s employ in the mines.

  The confession raised a decided furor of ex-
citement, aud for a while mob law threatened
to prevail; but through Sam’s influence no
harm was offered the prisoners, as he promised
a trial should be given them in the morning.

  A search, however, was made for McNorrin,
and about daybreak he was found, dead, near
the small-pox cabin.

  Upon his breast was pinned a paper contain-
ing, to Sam, sufficient explanation of how h*
had met his fate.

  This paper read:

 “Vengeance is mine.	Buou Sarony.”

  Going back to the Find, Sam found it close?
up, and upon the door there was a paper pinned
which read:

  41 Sierra Saji:—You will find aletterforyou in th«
 post-office.”

  Hoping to see Angel, Sam accordingly took
his way to the post office, as soon as it was open,
iu tbe morning, and found Angel preparing for
the day’s business.

  “ A letter for you,” she said, nodding, and
handing him a delicate missive.

  He opened it, and read:

  “ Dear Mr. Slocum :—The mission of the three
Sisters Sarony is fulfilled, and iu deference to our
Angel, whom you chose, we have left Big Yista for-
ever, that she may b« your pard for life. Marry
her, and believe that our blessings will ever be with
you both.	Buou and Gusbie Sarony.”

  Sam handed the letter to Angel, or Stella,
and she read it with flushing cheeks and tearful

eyes.

  “ They have left you alone and given you to
me,” he said; “will you also give yourself to

me?”

 With her blushing face hidden upon his
breast, she gave him her answer, aud it was—

  “ With all my heart 1”

  Poor Tabitha was given a respectable burial,
that morning, there being a large turnout.

  The trial of Deering was then had, and ne
was convicted of murder in the first degree, and
together with his pals a few days later, handed
over to the care of a deputy-marshal to be taken
care of.

  Dunk escaped, through his confession, and
hurriedly left Big Vista forever.

  Later, leaving the mines in charge of Stock-
ton and Snodgrass, Sam and Angel set forth
on their bridal-tour, in which the Mountain
Ferret succeeded in running into very deep
waters.

     THE

eadwood
» Library

LATEST AND BEST.

HANDSOME TRI-COLGRED COVERS.

32 Pages.

Bay One and Ton Will Bay the Best!
For Sample Cover See Other Side*

DEADWOOD DICK LIBRARY.

1 Dead wood Dick, the Prince of the Road
? The Double Daggers; or, Dead wood Dick’s Defiance
S The Buffalo Demon; or. The Border Vultures

4	Buffalo Ben, Prince of the Pistol

5	Wild Ivan, the Boy Claude Duval

6	Death-Face, the Detective

7	The Phantom Miner; or, Deadwood Dick's Bonanza

8	Old Avalanche, the Great Aanihilator; or. Wild

     Edna, the Girl Brigand

9	Bob Woolf, the Border Ruffian

10	Omaha Oil, the Masked Terror; or, Deadwood Dick

     in Daneer

11	Jim Bludsoe, Jr., the Boy Phenix; or. Through to

    Death

12	Deadwood Dick’s Eagles; or, The Pards of Flood

    Bar

13	Buckhorn Bill; or. The Red Rifle Team

14	Gold Rifle, the Sharpshooter

15	Deadwood Dick on Deck; or, Calamity Jane

16	Corduroy Charlie, the Boy Bravo

17	Rosebud Rob; or, Nugget Ned, the Knight of the

     Gulch

18	Idyl, the Girl Miner; or. Rosebud Rob on Hand

19	Photograph Phil; or. Rosebud Rob’s Reappearance

20	Watch-Eye, the Shadow

21	Deadwood Dick’s Device; or, The Sign of the Double

     Cross

22	Canada Chet, the Counterfeiter Chief

23	Deadwood Dick in Leadville; or, A Strange Stroke

     for Liberty
H Deadwood Dick as Detective

25	Gilt-Edged Dick

26	Bonanza Bill, the Man-Tracker; or. The Secret Twelve

27	Chip, the Girl Sport

28	Jack Hoyle’s Lead; or. The Road to Fortune

29	Boss Bob, the Kine of Bootblacks

80	Deadwood Dick’s Double; or, The Ghost of Gorgon’s

     Gulch

81	Blonde Bill; or. Deadwood Dick’s Home Base

82	Solid Sam, the Boy Road-Agent

33	Tony Fox, the Ferret; or, Boss Bob’s Boss Job

34	A Game of Gold; or, Deadwood Dick’s Big Strike

35	Deadwood Dick of Deadwood; or. The Picked Party

36	New York Nell, the Boy-Girl Detective

37	Nobby Nick of Nevada; or, The Scamps of the Sierras

38	Wild Frank, the Buckskin Bravo

39	Deadwood Dick’s Doom; or, Calamity Jane's Last

     Adventure

40	Deadwood Dick’s Dream; or, The Rivals of the Road

41	Deadwood Dick’s Ward; or. The Black Hills Jezebel

42	The Arao Detective; or, Snoozer. the Boy Sharp

43	The Ventriloquist Detective. A Romance of Rogues

44	Detective Josh Grim; or, The Young Gladiator's

    Game

45	The Frontier Detective; or, Sierra Sam’s Scheme

46	The Jimtown Sport; or, Gypsy Jacit in Colorado

47	The Miner Sport; or, Sugar-Coated Sam’s Claim

48	Dick Drew, the Miner’s Son; or, Apollo Bill, the

    Road-Agent

49	Sierra Sam, the Detective

50	Sierra Sam’s Double; or, The Three Female Detect

      ives

51	Sierra Sam’s Sentence; or, Little Luck at Rough

    Ranch

52	The Girl Sport; or, Jumbo Joe’s Disguise

53	Denver Doll’s Device; or. The Detective Queen

54	Denver Doll as Detective

55	Denver Doll’s Partner; or. Big Buckskin the Sport

56	Denver Doll’s Mine; or, Little Bill’s Big Loss

57	Deadwood Dick Trapped

58	Buck Hawk, Detective; or, The Messenger Boy’s

     Fortune

09	Deadwood Dick’s Disguise; or. Wild Walt, the Sport

60	Dumb Dick’s Pard; or. Eliza Jane, the Gold Miner

61	Deadwood Dick’s Mission

62	Spotter Fritz; or. The Store-Detective’s Decoy

63	The Detective Road-Agent; or, The Miners of Sassa

      fras City

64	Colorado Charlie’s Detective Dash; or, The Cattle

     Kings