[ gMTT &

WILD WEST

WEE K L.Y "ST"

IN U.S.A.	1932

  ALL STORIES COMPLETE

TWO COW-PUNCH
RANGERS

     SAMUEL H. NICKELS
I Discovered a New Hygiene
for Men Past 40

T T had been coming
^ on for years—

this

devilish thing called
"Prostate Trouble!"

I gave it little thought
at first, because I figured that all
men experience a certain change
about my time in life. That was
my big mistake. I thought it was
just the breakdown of oncoming age
and that I would have to put up with
it. I did for a while, but a year
later, my condition went from bad
to worse at an alarming rate.

   These Common Symptoms
My sleep was broken a dozen
times every night. In fact, one
hour’s fitful sleep was a luxury.
Pains had developed in my back and
legs, and I was chronically consti-
pated. I was run down in body and
almost broken in mind—practically
an invalid at 58. I talked to scores
of men. In fact, I talked to prac-
tically every man I met or could get
to listen. As I look back now I
think I was practically insane on
the subject.'

         Face* Surgery
It has been my experience that a
majority of men past 60—and a sur-
prising number even at 40—had one
of these distressing symptoms, but
few men had it as bad as I did.
I had seen my doctor, of course.
But he could offer me but little re-

lief. I spent hundreds of dollars in
an effort to avoid an operation, for

I	had learned that gland surgery was
usually dangerous. This insidious
little gland that robbed me of sleep
and health now threatened my very
life.

The Turning Point

  Then I read one of your advertise-
ments. I admit I muileil tlie coupon
without the slightest hope. There
probably never was a more skeptical
mind (hail mine. Hut this simple
little act turned out to be the big-
gest thing In my life.

  I can never thank you enough. I
am now sixty. I can go to bed at
ten o’clock and sleep straight through.
My doctor has pronounced me in nor-
mal health. My entire body Is toned
up. and I feel almost like a youngster.
I have had no return of the trouble,
and now use your pleasant treatment
just fifteen minutes a day, over one
or two months, just to make sure that
I keep my perfect health.

  Millions Make This Mistake

  When I was at my lowest ebb. 1 en-
countered so many prostate sufferers
that I know there must be millions
of men doctoring for sciatica, pains in
the back and legs, bladder and kidney
weakness, ehronic constipation, loss of
physical and mental capacity and a
host of supposed old age symptoms,
who shuul/l probably he treating the
pro ft air, gland! In fact. I learned not
long ago that certain medical author-
ities claim that 65% of men at or past

middle age suffer from disor-
ders of this vital gland.

 My advice lo these men is.
 not to make the mistake that
 I made. Send the coupon'for
 that little book, "The Destroyer
 Of Male Health.” Find out the facts
 about this little gland, which the book
 contains. It explains a prominent scien-
 tist's discovery of a new home hygiene
 —explains how. without drugs or sur-
 gery, without massage, diet, or exer-
 cise, this method acts to reduce the
 congestion ami combat the dangerous
 symptoms.

    Scientist’s Book Sent Free
 See if these facts apply to yovi.
 Learn the true meaning of these com-
 mon complaints and see why these
 ailments in men past 40 are so often
 directly traceable to a swollen pros-
 tate. The book, "The Destroyer Of
 Male Health" is sent without cost and
 without obligation.

  Simply mail the coupon to W. J.
Kirk. President. 7R50 Morris Ave.,
Steubenville, Ohio.

   11 you ltve West of the Rockies, address
   The Klectro Thermal Co.. 303 Van Nuyi
   Building, Dept. 76-B. Los Angeles. Calif.
   In Canada, address The Klectro Thermal Co.,
   Desk 76-D. 53 Yonge St., Toronlo. Can.

   W. J. Kirk. President.

   7630 Morris Ave., Steubenville, Ohio

   Please malt me at once your Free hooklet.	I
   “The Destroyer Of Mate Health." and full J
   details about the new home treatment. 1 .

  am not obligated in any way.	I

I Address .................................. I

I	I

I City ...................... State ,v.....I

This Little Gland Robbed
Me of Sleep and Health
ADVERTISING SECTION

What will you be doing
ONE year from today?

Three hundred and sixty-five days from
now — what ?

  Will you still be struggling along in
the same old job at the same old salary
— worried about the future — never
quite able to make both ends meet?

  One year from today will you still be
putting off your start 'toward success —
thrilled with ambition one moment and
then cold the next — delaying, waiting,
fiddling away the precious hours that will
never come again?

  Don’t do it, man — don’t do it.

  There is no greater tragedy in the
world than that of a man who stays in
the rut all his life, when with just a little
effort he could advance.

  Make up your mind today that you’re
going to train yourself to do some one
thing well. Choose the work you like best
in the list below, mark an X beside it,
and without cost or obligation, at least
get the full story of what the I. C. S.
can do for you.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

                          "Tftc Uniters^ Vniversiti/"•

                      Box 4906-D, Scranton. Penna.

Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet,
“Who Wins and Why,” and full particulars about the subject before
which I have marked X:

  ] Architect

  ^Architectural Drafts-
     man

  ;] Building Estimating
  1 Wood Millworking

  □	Concrete Builder

  ] Contractor and Builder
  ] Structural Draftsman
  ] Structural Engineer
  ] Electrical Engineer
  ] Electric Wiring

  □	Electric Lighting

  3Welding. Electric and
     Gas

  □	Telegraph Engineer
  Telephone Work

  □	Mechanical Engineer
  □Mechanical Draftsman
  □Patternmaker

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

8 Machinist

Heading Shop Blue-
prints
Civil Engineer
Highway Engineering
Surveying and Mapping
Gas Engines
Toolmaker
Diesel Engines
Aviation Engines
Bridge Engineer
Automobile Work
Plumbing
Steam Fitting
Heating
Ventilation
Sanitary Engineer
Sheet Metal Worker
Steam Engineer

  Marine Engineer
  Refrigeration
  K. R. Locomotlre3
  Air Brakes
  Train Operation
  R. R. Section Foreman
  It. R. Bridge and
  Building Foreman
  Chemistry □ Pharmacy
  Coal Mining Engineer
  Navigation
  Agriculture
  Textile Overseer or
  Superintended
  Cotton Manufacturing
  Woolen Manufacturing
  Fruit Growing
  Radio

  Poultry Farming

BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

 □	Business Management
 □Industrial Management

 □	Personnel Management
 D Traffic Management

 3 Accountancy
 j Cost Accountant
 1C. P. Accountant
 JBookkeeping
 1 Secretarial Work

□	Spanish □ French

□	Salesmanship

□	Advertising

□	Business Correspondence

□	Lettering Show Cards
□Stenography and

Typing

□	Cbmpleto Commercial

□	English

 Signs

 Civil Service
 Hallway Mail Clerk
 Mall Carrier
 Crade School Subjects
 High School Subjects
 Illustrating
 Cartooning
 Lumber Dealer

Name....................................................................Age.........................................

Street Address.....................................................................................................

 City..

                                             ..State..

Occupation.........................................................................................................

If you reside in Canada, trnd this rr.upon to the International Correspondent
Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal, Canada

WW-1D Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
Yearly Subscription, $6.00	Six Months, $3.00	Single Copies, 15 Cents

The entire contents of this magazine are protected by copyright, and must not be reprinted without the publishers’ permission.

Vol. 65, No. 4 CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY 27, 1932 Whole No. 1532

Cover Picture—Scene from

   “Two Cow-punch Rangers” . . H. W. Scott

THREE COMPLETE WESTERN NOVELETTES
Two Cow-punch Rangers . . . Samuel H. Nickels . . 1

      They earn their right ter their badges—with guns.

Ghost Rider of the Capitans . . . Cleve Endicott ... 42

      Spooky business fer Circle J lead ter settle.

Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters Andrew A. Griffin . . 85

      The rhymin’ depity marshal turns cow dick.

SIX COMPLETE WESTERN STORIES
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand . . Emery Jackson ... 19

      The C. A. man gets the deadwood on a bunch o’ slick rustlers.

A Grubstake Fer Nugget .... Dean McKinley ... 33

      An’ a plumb tough jam fer two trustin’ waddies.

Gold From Thunderbolt .... Lee Harrington . . .74

      Jim Hazel has a hard time findin’ it—an’ keepin’ it.

Lobos In Paradise Valley . . . . Collins Hafford . . . 106

      But Lum Yates is there, too; so there’s trouble fer the lobos.

Shorty Masters, M. D.....Allan R. Bosworth . . 118

      Plumb fast movin’ fer the little mule driver.

The Marshal From Fort Davis . . Kent Bennett . . . 126

      A true story of the wild West.

BRIEF WESTERN FACT STORIES
At A Hudson’s Bay Post . . .32 Horses For Cuba ... - 73

DEPARTMENTS

Fiddlin’ Joe’s Song Corral..............133

Western Pen Pals.....Conducted by Sam Wills .	136

The Wrangler’s Corner...........141

Publication issued every week by Street & Smith Publications, Inc., 79-89 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y. Ormond G.
Smith President; George C. Smith. Vice President and Treasurer; George C. Smith, Jr., Vice President; Ormond V.
Gould Secretary. Copyright, 1932, by Street & Smith Publications, Inc., New York. Copyright, 1932, by Street & Smith
Publications, Inc., Great Britain. Entered as Second-class Matter. December 8, 1911, at the Post Office at New York.
N. Y., under Act of Congress' of March 3, 1879. Foreign subscription, $8.50.

We do not accept responsibility for the return of unsolicited manuscripts.

        T® facilitate handling, the author should inclose a self-addressed envelope with the requisite postage attached.

STREET & SMITH PUBLICATIONS, INC., 79 7th AVE., NEW YORK, N. Y.
ADVERTISING SECTION

WHO SAYS

Jobs are Scarce?

    The True Story of Charles
    Slovachek Proves There’s
    Steady Work and Good Pay
    Waiting for Every Ambitious
    Man or Woman Who Really
    Wants to Get Ahead

CHARLES SLOVACHEK was up
against it. He’d been out of work so
long he began to believe there weren’t any-
more jobs. To make matters worse he was
in poor health—a handicap that would have
made less ambitious men give up in despair.

It was about this time that he ran across an
advertisement in a magazine that offered
honest, ambitious men and women a chance
to make big money in a new kind of pleas-
ant, short-hour work that could be done in
full time or spare time with the home as
headquarters.

The Secret of “Quick Money”

Slovachek was skeptical. But since it cost only
a 2c stamp to get the facts, he decided to investi-
gate. And that step was a turning point in his
life. Almost at once his earnings commenced to
climb to undreamed of proportions. Today all his
money worries are over. He drives a Ford Tudor
Sedan given to him free by his employer as an
extra reward for his good work. And he’s making
more money than thousands of men with ten times
his natural advantages.

Hundreds Doing as Well

This story is just one example. Hundreds of men
and women—young and old—from all parts of the
country—are doing as well or better. Mrs. Chris-
tine Williams, a widow, supports two children, and
has made as high as $17.50 in a single day. W. A.
Marek, Connecticut, made $25.50 in one day and
has often cleared more than $100 a week. William
Walker, $68 in three days. Sol Korenblit, $110 in
a week. Mrs.. McCalmant, $25 in a single day.
These exceptional earning records show the re-
markable possibilities.

No Experience Needed

Now more men and women are needed to fill simi-
lar positions. All you do is follow a few simple
instructions and help the Company operate a
“Route System” in your locality. With regular
customers and an established Route it should be
easy to make up to $12 or $15 a day, right from the
start.

Even a small Route that you can handle in spare
time should be good for $30 or $40 a week. As
soon as you are established, a Ford Tudor Sedan
is given to you free as an extra reward so you can
handle even a bigger Route and make' still more
money.

Get the Facts

Mail the coupon at once for full details. The Com-
pany starts you at once with complete equipment.
You can start working and making money as soon
as your instructions are received. This Employ-
ment Offer probably will bring a flood of applica-
tions, so mail the coupon at once before somebody
else is appointed for your territory. Don’t send
any money. Just mail the coupon. But do it to-
day—sure.

Albert Mills, Employment Mgr.

82 Monmouth Avenue, Cincinnati, Ohio

Without cost or obligation, please send information
about the position now open in my locality as Route
Manager. I understand no capital or experience is
required to get established.

Name,

Address.

State whether Mr., Mrs., or Misa. Write name
plainly in pencil.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

PICTURE
PLAY

selling at the new
price of

10c

per copy is nov? the
circulation leader of
tke moVie magazine
field

fltSag Harley-Dav

1

■ Name-

      ■MAI L THE COUPON-

Harley-Davidson Motor Co., Dept. S S , Milwaukee, Wis.
Interested in your motorcycles. Send literature.

Name-

I My age is ( ) 16-19 years, () 20-80 years, ( ) 31 years and up.
< ) under 16 years. Check your age group.

 I

 I

Get your cop)?
to-day

10c

per c o p j)

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

$!95—at the fac-
tory — buys the
Har 1 ey - Davidson
Single, completely
equipped, 3-speed
transmission, full
electric equipment
and all.

SPLIT
THE AIR

Like a Rocket!

             FLASHING acceleration—
             from start to full speed in
             a few seconds — is a motor-
             cycle thrill that only a "rocket
             motor” could equal.

                  Just ride a 1932 Harley-
                Davidson and feel what real
                pick-up is. See how it shoots
                you away from tangled traffic.
                You are down the road, safe
                and clear, before cars are really
                rolling. Then the whole coun-
                tryside is yours — for swift
                jaunt or long tour. And mo-
                torcycling costs so little!

                    Look over the 1932 Harley-
Davidsons at your nearest
dealer’s. See for yourself how
little they cost — at the new
reduced prices — and what a
convenient Pay-As - You-Ride
Plan he has.

 ^KuJuz a.

Harley-Davidson
ADVERTISING SECTiON

copy today. It tells
i Radio’s good jobs
they pay, tells you
course, what others
taken it are doing
ig. Find out what
rs you, without the,
ligation. ACT NOW \L

Institute,

 IF YOU are earning a penny less than $50
 a week, send for my book of informa-
 tion on the opportunities in Radio. It is
 free. Clip the coupon NOW. Why be satis-
 fied with $25, $30 or $40 a week for longer
 than the short time it takes to get ready
 ior Radio?

 Radio's growth opening hundreds
 •S $50, $75* $100 a week fobs every year

    In about ten years Radio has grown from
 a $2,000,000 to a $1,000,000,000 industry.

 Over 800,000 jobs have been created. Hun-
 dreds more are being opened every year by
 5ts continued growth. Men and young men
 With the right training—the kind of train-
 ing I give you—are stepping into Radio at
 Iwo and three times their former salaries*

 J. A. Vaughn, Grand Radio & Appliance Co.,

  S107 S. Grand Boulevard, St. Louis, Mo., writes:
  “Before I entered Radio I was making $35 a week.

  Last week I earned $110 selling and servicing sets.

  I owe my success to N. R. I."

 You have many fobs t© choose Srotn

     Broadcasting stations use engineers, operators,
  Btation managers and pay $1,200 to $5,000 a year.
  Manufacturers continually need testers, inspectors,
  loremen, engineers, service men, buyers, for jobs
  paying up to $7,500 a year. Radio Operators on
  Ship3 enjoy life, see the worltT with board and lodg-
  ing free, and get good pay besides. Dealers and
  jobbers employ service men, salesmen, buyers, man-
  agers, and pay $30 to $100 a week. There are many
  other opportunities too.

 So many opportunities many N. R. f.
 men make $200 to $1000 while learning sn

  The day you enroll with me I’ll show you how 1
  to do 28 jobs, common in most every neighborhood, J

 I Give You 8 Outfits o! Radio Parts
 for Practical Home Experiments

  You can build over 100 circuits with these outfits.

  You build and experi-
  ment with the circuits
  used in Crosley, Atwater
  Kent, Eveready, Ma-
  jestic, Zenith

and other pop-	^	g

 ular sets. You p&pSP -Vy	I

 learn how these	38L t	*

  sets work, why
  they work, how
  to make them
  work. This
  makes learning
  at home easy,
  fascinating,
  practical.

 for spare time money. Throughout your course I send
 you information on servicing popular makes of sets:
 I give you the plans and ideas that are making $200
 to $1,000 for hundreds of N. R. I. students in their
 spare time while studying. My course is famous as the
 one that nays for itself. G. W. Page, 2210 Eighth
 Ave., S., Nashville, Tenn., writes: “I picked up $935
 in my spare time while taking your course.**

Talking Movies, Television and Aircraft
Radio are also Included

 Special training in Talking Movies, Television ani
 home Television experiments, Radio’s use in Aviation,
 Servicing and Merchandising Sets, Broadcasting, Com-
 mercial and Ship Operating are included. I am so sura
 that I can train you satisfactorily that I will agree in.

d every penny of your tuition if you.

Lessons and Instruction

 writing to refund every penn:
 are not satisfied with my '
 Service upon completing.

04-page book oS information Free

Get your
you where
are, what
about my
who have
and makir
Radio offers you,
slightest obligation.

J. E. SMITH, President
National Radio
Dept. 2 BD
Washington, D, C.

 J. E. SMITH, President
 National Radio Institute, Dept. 2 BD
 Washington, D. C.

  Dear Mr. Smith: Send me your free
 64-page book “Rich- Rewards in Radio.” I
 understand this does not obligate me and
 that no salesman will call.

Name............................................

Address.......................................

City..................................JZtate..

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

You’re Wanted

a. E. Smith. Pres.. Nat*l.
Radio Institute, the man
Who has directed tha
3om8 Study training of
more men for the Radio
Industry than any other
man in America.

rime

Hi cJram

/ir RADIO ’TELEVISION’TALKING MOVIES

    Ship

Operating

Radio operators on
ships see the world
free and get good
pay plus expenses.

Aircraft

Radio

 Aviation is need-
 ing more and more
 trained Radiomen.
 Operators employed
 through Civil Serv-
 ice Commission
 earn $1620 to $2800
 a year.

  Talking
  Movies

An invention made
possible by Radio.
Offers many fine
jobs to well-trained
Radio men, paying
$75 to $200 a week.

Television

The coming field
of many great op-
portunities is cov-
ered by my course.
:ADVERTISING SECTION

r6et BIG HvskiA

MU5CLJ1

J

Send No
Money

IP

     New
     Low Price!

    ACT now and save half on this big
    HOME GYM OUTFIT. Husky
    10 Cable Exerciser adjustable to 200
    lbs. resistance. Complete Wall Appara-
    tus for Back and Shoulder development.
    Two Hand Grips for husky Wrists and

 Head Gear

!■ Novel Rowing

____itrated Course of

     ____________ All this —For Only

       $3.49. Act Quickly. Temporary
       low price offer. Send your name
       and address. We’ll ship every-
       thing out by return mail. Pay
       postman only $3.49 plus postal
       charges. Outside.U. S. cash with
       order.

Institute tor Physical
Development, Inc.

1Ui	_____- lewy (

 cles. Regulation Heavy Skip Rope. Nov
 Parts included. And a complete illustrated
 Instruction. A" **’*“-

       Size 16x20 inches
  SarSft price for full length cr Dust
  form groups* landscapes, or pet ani-
  mals, etc., enlargements of any part
  of group picture i Safe return of
  your own original photo guaranteed.

  SEND NO MONEY shot (any size)and within

  e week youwill receive your beautiful life-like
  enlargement size 16x20 in. guaranteed fadeless.
  Pay postman 98o plus postage or send $1.00
  with order and we pay postage. SPECIAL
  With each enlargement we will rnrrnrrrp
  send Free a hand-tinted miniature m Ct urrtn
  reproduction of photo sent. Take advantage now
  of this amazing offer — send your photo todayi

 UNITED PORTRAIY COMPANY

  900 W. Lake St.. DeptB-762, Chicago, III.

WE HELP YOU GET ONE

                   < ) Steno-Typist

   .	) P. O. Laborer
   ( ) R. F. D. Carrier
   i ( ) Special Agent

   (	) Customs Inspector
   ( ) City Mail Carrier
   ( ) Meat Inspector
   ( ) P. O. Clerk

   (	) File Clerk
   ( ) General Clerk

   (	) Matron

  !) Immigrant Inspector/

  ) Seamstress

  <	> U. S. Border £

  C	) Chauffeur

  C	) Watchman

  (	) Skilled Laborer

  I	) Postmaster

  (	) Typist

 INSTRUCTION BUREAU, Dept. 451, St. Louis. Mo.
 Send me FREE particulars ‘ How to Qualify’’ for
 positions marked "X.” Salaries, locations, oppor-
 tunities, etc. ALL SENT FREE.

Name ..
Address

Chelsea House

 The Brand ot

 Good Boohs

THE DARK GARDEN

  By Mary Frances Doner

 gETWEEN the two was a barrier
 that seemed unsurmountable, a bar-
 rier of caste and position, and yet love
 in the long run was able to break it
 down.

    There was innocent, beautiful Marjie
 Hollins, poor, with no social standing,
 madly in love with Dick Winthrop, who,
 in turn, was engaged to an aristocratic
 daughter of a proud family.

   Love had come to them as a summer
 idyl. There was little thought of the
 future or the complications that might
 ensue as they pressed close to each other
 under the June stars. But they were
 not free agents. Circumstances hedged
 them about. The situation became more
 and more impossible.

   The story that Mary Frances Doner
 tells in “The Dark Garden” is one that
 grips at the heart of the reader. The
 emotional strain is deep and the entire
 novel is packed with adventurous inci-
 dents which make the book live long in
 your memory.

75c	75c

TMAHOOT

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

$750.00 Cash Offered For
Name of Movie Actress

Reward Will Be Paid

    Everyone Who Submits

            Most Suitable Name

 From Hollywood comes an extraordinary an-
nouncement. A movie actress is in need of a name,
and $750.00 in cash will be paid for the best sug-
gestion. You can give her yours or any other
name you think of, it may mean $750.00 to you.

 This movie actress, whom you have probably
seen on the screen of your favorite motion picture
theatre, is the beautiful Helen Mann. Like most
of the stars, she prefers to use a name other than
her own, and in order to help her obtain it, $750.00
in cash is offered to anyone who is quick in send-
ing in the name selected. Miss Mann’s publicity
director says, “Most any name may win.” It may
be your very own, a name of a friend or relative,
or a coined name made up by you. This con-
test closes May 28, 1932, but readers are urged to
send their suggestions for a name at onGe, because
$250.00 extra will be given the winner if name is
mailed within three days after this announcement
is read. Just make it easy to pronounce and easy
to remember. But send it right away, or you may
be late for the promptness prize.

  All entries must be sent to the Publicity Direc-
tor’s office, E. A. Williams, Studio 342, 1023 N.

Sycamore Ave., Hollywood, California. Only one
suggestion for a name should be submitted by each
contestant. Everyone is invited to submit a name,
and in case of ties, duplicate awards will be given.
Officials say that any name may win the $750.00,
even if submitted on a post card or scrap of paper.
If you can use $750.00, here is an opportunity to
get it. Send your suggestion at once.—Adv.

SONG WRITERS

  j SONG REQUIREMENTS
  ! TALKINGPICTURESi

 [	Don't fail to read **Song Requirements

                  of Talking Pictures, Radio and Records”
  S|	'** ' '11 an explanatory, instructive book SENT

                 , FREE on request. New writers may mail
 i song-poems for free examination. Were-
 p HWVMm \|l vise, compose and arrange music, andse-
 R	fil cure copyrights, guaranteeing approval.

 E	S. S. Newcomer Associates, 1674 Broadway, N. Y.

Natural Powers

Don’t Lose YOURS after 35!

 To men over 35, who feel the need of regaining prematurely lost
 NATURAL POWERS, VIGOR, PEP, and ENERGY —use the amaz-
 ingly scientific DORAL VIGOR TAB. A GLANDULAR stimulant
 reoommended by physicians to increase NATURAL POWERS with
 long lasting results. $1*95 postpaid for ONE MONTH’S treatment.
 3 boxes $5. Super strength $2.95. 2'aoxes $5. (C. O. D. 15o
 extra. Cash only outside U. S.)

 Doral Laboratories Dep’t. B-4, 303 West 42 St. N. Y. City.

 ALWAYS HAVE LUCK!-$

 Unlucky in Money Games, Love or
 Business? You should carry a pair of
 genuine MYSTIC BRAHMA RED LJVE
 i HIGHLY MAGNETIC LODE STONES.
 4 Rare, Amazing, Compelling, Attractive
 $these LIVE LODESTONES are carried
 "?by Occult Oriental people as a POW-
 JERFUL LUCKY CHARM, one to pre-
 pvent Bad Luck, Evil and Misfortune,
 and the other to attract much Good
 Luck, Love, Happiness and Prosperity.
 Special only $1.97 for the two. With
 valuable instructions FREE. Pay postman
 $1.97 and 150. postage on delivery. Satisfaction or money refunded.
 You can be LUCKY! Order yours TODAY!

 Dept. 385, P. S. BUREAU, General P. O. Bex72, Brooklyn, N. Y.

    NOTICE! We absolutely GUARANTEE these genuine Mystio
 Brahma Lodestones are ALIVE! Just what you want, for they
 are the REAL THING—-POWERFUL HIGHLY MAGNETIC!
 GET YOURS NOW!!

RUPTURES

Need firm but comfortable support

 The patented Brooks Appliance
 retains securely without annoy-
 ing springs or hard pads. Allows
 full body freedom. Worn and
 praised by active men and women
 in every walk of life. Over 3
 million sold. Sent on 10 days’
 trial. Not obtainable through any
 store or agent in U. S., but made
 to individual measurements and
 sent direct from Marshall. Full
 information and free 32-page Rup-
 ture booklet sent in plain sealed
 envelope. Send for trial offer.

BROOKS APPLIANCE CO., 157B State St., Marshall, Mich.

GET

INTO

C.I. Brooks, inventor

ELECTRICITY

 FREE

 ELSCTMCM.

 RBRlGtRHION
 » COURSE

 BY ACTUAL WORK IN THE.
 GREAT, COYNE SHOPS

 xi you

 enroll

 I now

 I’ll to-

  elude ^ ^8

  CwBefriger-
  or Course
  absolutely

 free

     Say fellows, if yon’re making less than
     $60 a week I’ve sot a message for you.

     I’ll take you in my shops here at
     Coyne for 12 weeks and I’ll *ive
     you a training: that will put you in a]
     big pay field. I’ll give you this
     training on actual electrical
     machinery by my Learn by
     Doing method. You don’t need1
     advanced education or previous
     experience. Many earn while,*
     learning. Free employment

 , service for life. Mail coupon _

 today for all the facts and my big Free Book.

 ! H. C. Lewis, Pres., COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL
 I SOO S. Paulina St., Dept. 22-45, Chicago, III.

 | Dear Mr. Lewis: Please send me yonr big: Free Book.

I Name______________________________________

I Address.___________________________________

| City.................................State.

Please mention this magazine when answering idvertisements
aiiiniimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

ADVERTISING SECTION

 $1)000 Reward

   For the Capture of This Man

     CONVICT 6138, escaped from the State Peniten-
     tiary; Name, Charles Condray; age 37; Height,

     5 feet 8 inches; Weight, 141 pounds; Hair, light
     brown; Eyes, gray.

     Easy enough to identify him from his photograph
     and this description, you may say—hut, Condray
     took the name of "Brown,” dyed his hair, darkened
     his skin, grew a mustache, put on weight and
     walked with a stoop.

     Yet he was captured and identified so positively
     that he knew the game was up and returned to the
     penitentiary without extradition. How was it ac-
     complished? Easy enough for the Finger Print
     Expert. They are the specialists, the leaders, the
     cream of detectives. _ Every day’s paper tells their
     wonderful exploits in solving mysterious crimes
     and convicting dangerous criminals.

  More Trained Men Needed

      The demand for trained men by governments, Btates. cities,
      detective agencies, corporations, and private bureaus is be-
      coming greater every day. Here is a real opportunity for
      . YOU. Can you imagine a more fascinating line of work
      than this? Often life and death depend on finger print evi-
      dence—and big rewards go to the expert. Many experts
      earn regularly $3,000 and more per year.

  Learn At Home in Spare Time

      And now you can learn the secrets of this science at home
      in your spare time. Any man with common school educa-
      tion and average ability can become a Finger Print Detec-
      tive in surprisingly short time.

The Confidential Reports
No. 38 Made to His Chief!

     IF YOU ACT QUICK—We will send you free and with no
     obligation whatsoever, a copy of the gripping, fascinating,
     confidential report Secret Service Operator No. 38 made to
     His Chief. Mail coupon NOW!

      Write quickly for fully illustrated free book on Finger
      Prints which explains this wonderful training in detail.

      Don’t wait. Mail the coupon now. You may never see this
      announcement again! You assume no obligation. You have
      everything to gain and nothing to lose. W rite at once. Address

   Institute of Applied Science

    Depi.17.72 1920 Sunnyside Av., Chicago

rlllHIIUMIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllinilIITIIIlIlll[lllI!Illlllllllllllllllll!IlllUllllll!l[IIllI!!llllll]i:illl]ltllIIIIIllllIHIT

INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCE,

Dept.37*7z *9*0 Sunnyside Ave., Chicago |

 Gentlemen: Without any obligation whatever, send me your new,	=

 fully illustrated, FREE book on Finger Prints and the free copy	5

 of the Confidential Reports Operator No. 38 made to His Chief.	=

Literature will NOT be sent to boys under 17 years of age.	=

Name__________________________________________________ 3

Address_________________________________________________ |

a

--------------------—----..............-----Age-------- 5

FREE

 with large clear fall
 vision lenses guaran-
 teed to improve your vision, read finest 1
 print, work, sew, see far or near. In- 1
 enrea against breaking or tarnishing. '

Will amaze and delight you—or no cost!

 $15.00 value only $1.98. Mail coupon
 today!

 CAPITOL SPECTACLE CO.

 113 S. Dearbo-n Street, Dept. KC51
 Chicago, III.

 *— — —- —FREE TRIAL COUPON— —1

I CAPITOL SPECTACLE CO., Dept. KC5I,	2

■ 113 S. Dearborn St., Chicago, III.

| ( ) I want to try your glasses on 10 Day Trial. |

| Name ...............................Age ........1

.Box No...........H

| Address ..............RFD.

 I Post Office

■State ,

LADIES

1 positively guarantee my great
successful "Relief Compound.”

Safely relieves some of the long-
est, stubborn and unusual casea
in three to five days.

  FOR OVER A QUARTER OF A CENTURY
  women from all over thecountry have used this com-
  pound with remarkable results. Testimonials without
  number. No harm, pain or interference with work.

     Mail. $2. Double strength, $3. Booklet Free. Write today.

          P. SOUTHINGTON REMEDY CO.. KANSAS CITY. M0.

deafness is misery

Many people with defective hearing
and Head Noises enjoy conversation,
go to Theatre and Church because they
use Leonard Invisible Ear Drums which
resemble Tiny Megaphones fitting
in the Ear entirely out of sight.

No wires, batteries or head piece.

They are inexpensive. Write for m t
booklet and sworn statement of
! the inventor who was himself deaf.

_LEONARD, Inc.. Suite 351.70 5th Ave., New York

An Amazing Discovery
That Frees Women
From Sex Worry

American women everywhere are discovering a won-
derful new feminine antiseptic that is solving one of
the most vexing problems of married life. It is known
as ZERO-JEL and is safe, efficient and harmless to
the most delicate vaginal tissues, yet of such high
potency that it immediately destroys living organisms
on contact. And best of all—it maintains a germ-
free condition for hours.

   ZERO-JEL is not a douche, but a greaseless jelly
that forms a complete antiseptic barrier to infection
or penetration.

    ZERO-JEL is particularly effective against Leucoir-
rhea from which so many women suffer, and is pre-
scribed by physicians to check and cure this condition,
ECONOMICAL—Only 10c a treatment—for each tube of ZERO-
.TEL, complete with applicator, is only $2—good for 20 treatments.
Refill tubes $1.50 each. You may refer to your physician for
further information about ZERO-JEL,

Mailed you in plain wrapping only. Send check or money orde>:
today for $2 covering one complete package of ZERO-JEL including
patented applicator together with instructions and a frankly
written booklet on feminine hygiene. Your money back promptly
if not thoroughly satisfied.

ZERO-JEL LABORATORIES, Inc.

383 Lexington Avenue	New York, N. Y>

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

—but a moment Later a husk
fell over the entire crowd

“T ET’S all give my country cousin
-Ly a great big hand!” cried
Helen, dragging me out to the cen-
ter of the room.

 Everyone at the party started to
clap. “What’s he going to do?”
someone called out. “Are we go-
ing to be entertained with an ex-
hibition of fancy hog-calling?”

 “No—cousin Ned claims that he can
play the piano,” replied Helen, “but I’m
sure he’s fibbing. I happen to know that
there isn’t a piano teacher within miles of
his home."

  “Just the same I’d like to see if you big-
towners can dance as. well as you can wise-
crack,” I retorted not taking any offense.

“For goodness sakes. please
don’t play ‘Turkey In The
Straw’ . . . you know this is
no barn dance,” one of the
boys pleaded.

I Let Them Have
Their Fun

So they thought I was a
“hick”—that folks from the
eountry couldn't learn to play
music just as well as people
in the city. They thought,
too, that they were giving
me a great kidding. If they
only knew how I had been
toying with them right along.

  I started to pull out the
piano bench and someone
started to “moo”. “S-h'h-h!
—let him have his little
joke,” said my cousin Helen.

  But they kept up the razz-
ing. “Hey there—that’s a
piano bench not a milk-
stool.”

 PICK YOUR
 INSTRUMENT

  “No fooling—and this is a piano, not a
writing desk. Honestly, it plays—listen!"
And without any preliminaries, I broke into
a medley of popular songs. There wasn't a
sound in the room. I only wish I could
have seen their faces for I knew that I had
given them a surprise.

  “Keep it up—that’s great, Ned,” shouted
the chap who had been doing most of the
riding.

  “Yes, please don’t stop,” begged Helen,
“we want to dance-”

 No second invitation was needed. I
played every number that they placed before
me. Suddenly they started to pump me
with questions.

  “Put one over on us, didn't you, Ned?”
said Helen. “You're certainly the last
person at this party I thought
could play. How about let-
ting us in on the secret?”

  Piano

 Organ

  Ukulele

  Cornet

 Trombone

  Piccolo

  Guitar

 Violin
 Clarinet
 Flute

 Saxophone
 Harp
 Mandolin
 ’Cello

Hawaiian Steel Guitar
Sight Singing
Piano Accordion
Italian and German
Accordion
Voice and Speech Culture
Drums and Traps
Harmony and
Composition
Automatic Finger
Control
Banjo (Plectrum, 5-
String or Tenor)
Juniors’ Piano Course

No Secret

  “Have you ever heard of the
U. S. School of Music?” I
asked.

  A few of my friends nodded.
“That's a correspondence
school, isn't it?” they ex-
claimed.

 “Exactly,” I replied.
“They have a surprisingly easy
method through which you can
learn to play any instrument
by mail in just a few montha
without a teacher.”

  “It doesn't seem possible,”
someone said.

  “That's what I thought, too.
But the Free Demonstration
lesson which they mailed me
on request so opened my eyes
that I sent for the complete
course.

i “It was' simply wonderful—

no laborious scales—no heartless exercises.
My fear of notes disappeared at the very
beginning. As the lessons came they got
easier and easier. Before I knew it I was
playing all the pieces I liked best.”

  “Music was always one of those never-
to-come-true dreams until the U. S. School
came to my rescue. Believe me, no more
heavy looking-on for me.”

* * *

  This is not the story of just one isolated
case. Over 600,000 people have learned to
play by this simple method. You can, too.
Even if you don't know one note from an-
other you'll grasp it in no time. First it
tells you how to do a thing—then it shows
you how in pictures—then you do it yourself
and hear it.

  You teach yourself—right at home—with-
out any uninteresting finger exercises, tedi-
ous scales or other humdrum methods.

Free Booklet and Demonstration Lesson

  To prove how practical this course is. the
U. S. School of Music has arranged a dem-
onstration lesson and explanatory booklet
which you may have Free, They show how
anyone can learn to play his favorite instru-
ment by note in less than half the time and
at a fraction of the cost of old slow methods.
The booklet will also tell you about the
amazing new Automatic Finger Control.

  Don't delay—act at once—fill in and mail
the coupon below today—no obligation what-
ever. (Instrument supplied if desired,
cash or credit.) U. S. School of Music,
3592 Brunswick Bldg., New York City.

Thirty-fourth Year (.Established 1898)

U. S. ^““mUSIC-----

3592 Brunswick Building, New York City

  Please send me your free 'book, “Music
Lessons in Your Own Home,” with intro-
duction by Dr. Frank Crane. Free Demon-
stration Lesson and particulars of your easy
payment plan. I am interested in the fol-
lowing course:

                 Have You

....................Instrument?...........

Name.........................

Address.......................

City....................State..

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements

rp
Ihey laughed
right out loud

   • ..when I offered to play
ADVERTISING SECTION

t Come To Sunny#5

CALIFORNIA

AWDZLEARNi

RADIO-TELEVISION
TALKING PICTURES

  Come to California where the American Television
  Laboratories are located—where hundreds of trained
  sound Engineers and Mechanics are employed in the
  Studios of Hollywood. Scores of good jobs opening up—
  and you can prepare for them in 4 months of practical
  shop work in the great National Television, Talking
  Picture and Radio Shops.

         RAILROAD FARE ALLOWED
 (Don’t worry about the expense of the trip! For a limited
 time we are making a special Free Railroad Fare Offer
 to California. Spare time jobs while going to school.
 Free Employment Service for life. Get all the facts
 about this 25-year-old Institution. Mail coupon for Big
 Free Book.

  National Television, Talking Picture and Radio School,

  Dept.335E, 4006 So. Figueroa St., Los Angeles, California.

  PImm aend me your big Free Book on Television, Talking Pictures and Radio.

Narot __________________________ —_____________________..................................

| City...

Compare these Drawings

   Both the above drawings are the work of Art
 Nelson. (1) He made before Federal training.
 (2) He completed recently. Today he is making
 a good “income in Art. He says, “The Federal
 Schools made this possible as I had only average
 ability before enrolling as a student.”

    Opportunities for artists have never been better.
 Publishers pay millions of dollars every year for
 illustrations. If you like to draw, let your talent
 'sake your living. It’s easy to learn the “Federal
 iiome-Study Way.” Over .fifty famous artists teach
 yo-u.

    The Federal Course includes illustrat-
 ing, cartooning, lettering, poster design-
 ing and window card illustrating. Why
 plod along? Send your name, address,
 age and occupation for our free book,

 “A Road to Bigger Things.”

 Federal School of Illustrating

2502 Federal School Bldg.

 Minneapolis, Minn.

CHELSEA HOUSE

 The Brand of

Good Books

Dancing Partner

By VIVIAN GREY

 MANY of you will remember Vivian
 Grey’s “Party Girl,” that quick-moving
 love story of the modern age, which was so
 favorably received. Here Vivian Grey once
 more gives us a vivid picture of life that is
 as up to date as your morning paper and far
 more enthralling.

   “Dancing Partner” might be a fairy story,
 glamorous, fantastic, unreal, did it not give
 the sense to the reader that Lolita, glove clerk
 by day and taxi dancer by night, was the
 very sort of girl that he might well meet
 around the next corner.

   Lolita, looking up into the handsome eyes of
 aristocratic Phil Nearing, fell suddenly and
 "hopelessly in love with the owner of those
 eyes, and from then on her life became com-
 plicated. There were those who would bar
 the gate to her entrance to that world of
 wealth and fashion through which Phil Near-
 ing walked so confidently. Out of a clear sky
 the false accusation of theft was made against
 her. She felt desolate, an outcast, and the
 cruelty of the world cut deep. And then just
 as suddenly there came a turn in events that
 brought the gold of sunshine into the black-
 ness that covered Lolita’s soul.

   Vivian Grey, shrewd, sympathetic observer
 of youth, wise interpreter of the modern, you
 have done it again in this altogether fascinat-
 ing novel.

75c

75c

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

WANT A
STEADY
JOB?

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS

    $158 Month First Year

               Raise to $225 Month

Many Other U. S. Government Jobs Open to Men and Boys 18 to 50

Post Office Clerks	City Mail Carriers	Rural Mail Carriers

Clerks—Customs and Internal Revenue Service
Customs Inspectors—Immigrant Inspectors—Prohibition Agents

 These are steady positions. Strikes, poor business conditions, lockouts or politics do not affect them.
 U. S. Government employees get their pay for full twelve months every year. There is no such thing
 as “Hard Times” in the U. S. Government Service.

ALLOWANCE FOR HOTEL EXPENSES

 Railway Postal Clerks now get $1900 the first year, being paid on the first and fifteenth of each month,
 $79.16 each pay day. Their pay is increased $100 and $150 a year. The maximum is $2700 a year,
 $112.50 each pay day. They get extra allowance for hotel expenses when away from home.

                                 PAID VACATIONS

                                          Railway Postal Clerks, like all Government employees, are given a
                                          yearly vacation of 15 working days (about 18 days). When on runs
                                          they usually work 3 days and have 3 days off duty or in the same

                                   proportion. During this off duty and vacation, their ------

                                       pay continues just as though they were working. *

                                   When they grow old, they are retired with a ' FRANKLIN
                                   pension. As Railway Postal Clerks are continually trav- /	INSTITUTE

                                          eling, they have an excellent chance to see the coun- /	Dept mi90

                                          try. They are furnished with a railroad pass for + ROCHESTER N Y.
                                          official business. Spring examinations expected in .

                          a number of states.	' Rush to me entirely

                              City Mail Carriers-Post Office Clerk, /	®&ifT

                                               Clerks and Carriers get $1700 the first year / scription of the position
                                               year to	checkecLMow; (2) a list of

                                      $2300. They also have 15 days' vaca-	Government Steady Jobs

                                             tion. City residence is unnecessary.	now obtainable ; (3) Tell me how

 What Will You Earn
 5 Years from Now?

 to get the position checked.

—Railway Postal Clerk.......($I900-$270G)

_	Clv» —Post Office Clerk.............($!700-$2300)

 gO 10U EARN $1900 O _Cjty Mai, Carrjer..............($1700-$2100)

voTtTota—Rural Mail Carrier...............($2l00-$3400)

 YOU ANY ASSURANCE ^ —General Clerk—File Clerk...........($1260-52500)

 FROM NOW YOU ' —Inspector of Customs..................($2100-83300)

 Get FREE List of Positions

 Fill out the coupon. Tear it off and mail it
 today—now, at once. DO IT NOW—This in-
 vestment of two cents for a postage stamp may
 result in your getting a life U. S. Government Job.

 WILL GET $2700 /
 OR MORE A ✓
 YEAR, EVERY .
 YEAR? y

/ Name.

—Immigrant Inspector.....................($2100-$3000)

 —Prohibition Agent.........................($2300-$280G)

/

Address............................................................

  Use This Coupon Before You Mislay It—Write or Print Plainly

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Each Book a Complete Course

 Think of it! A muscle building course showing how to
 develop a definite part of your body for only 25c or six
 courses which show you how to develop the entire body
 for only $1.00. That’s my special offer. I will show you
 how to mold a mighty arm for a quarter or how to mold a
 mighty chest, mighty legs, a mighty back or a grip of
 steel, or I will teach you strong man stunts. Get all of
 the lessons in this Strong Man’s Library for only $1.00.

 I show you how to add inches on your arm, how to
 put steel cables on your chest, how to get a back of might.
 I show you how to develop legs of a giant and a grip of
 steel. The strong man tricks which I reveal will amaze
 you and your friends. Molding mighty men is the busi-
 ness of George F. Jowett, The Champion of Champions.

  RUSH COUPON—SPECIAL OFFER

     All 6 books are profusely illustrated and will be sent to.
 you by return mail, postpaid. Just slip a dollar bill in an
 enrelope with the coupon below. For any single book,
 just send a quarter, i will include a free copy of my book
 titled, “The Thrill of Being Strong.” Rush coupon now.

JOWETT INSTITUTE OF PHYSICAL CULTURE

     422 Poplar Street, Dept. 14Bb, Scranton, Penna.

 Dear Mr. Jowett: Your proposition looks good to me.
 Send, by return prepaid mail, the lessons I am checking
 below and for which I am enclosing my remittance of

         □	All 6 Courses $1.00

        □	Molding a Mighty Arm 25c

        □	Molding a Mighty Back 25c

         □	Molding a Mighty Grip 25c

        □	Molding a Mighty Chest 25c

        □	Molding Mighty Legs 25c

□	Strong Man Stunts Made Easy 25c

Name......................................

Address. ...................................

Please mention this magazine

DIG FACTORY
UAJ SALE

NEW MODEL

Extra Strong

Copper Boiler

The best, strongest, heaviest and
safest Utility Copper Boiler made.
New Improved adjustable cap and
spout makes boiler steam-tight by
twist of thumb screw. Ideal home
cooker, boiler and pasteurizer.

BIG CUT Buyers'

Order Now—Save Money at these
   New Low Factory Prices. No article of such high quality and
   utility ever sold at such amazingly low prices. Guaranteed.

Guaranteed PURE COPPER

    Prices quoted are net, cash with order, or send one-fourth,
    money order or check. Pay balance C. O. D. Ask for Free
    Catalog. Shipped in plain strong box.

   Home Manufacturing Co.16 c&fc^fiUmo'fs 8263

THE SHADOWT

follow his amazing adventures
IN

THE SHADOW
DETECTIVE MONTHLY

10 cents

A BABY IN YOUR HOME

    I have an honest proven treatment for sterility due to func-.
tional weakness which I have used with wonderful success in •
thousands of cases. It is the result of 35 years experience and

has been praised in the highest terms
by hundreds of married women, child-
less for years, who became happy
mothers. If you will send me your
name and address I will gladly send
you a treatment and a copy of my
booklet, "A Baby in Your Home"
which tells how to use it and many
other things married women should
know. Both will be sent free in
plain wrapper. Write today.

Dr. H. Will Elders, Suite 301-B
%7th & Felix, St. Joseph, Missouri

Getting
Up Nights

Makes Many Feel Old

   Thousands of men and jvomen, past 40, and many
far younger, feel and look old and run-down from
Getting Up Nights, Backache, Leg Pains, Nervousness,
Neuralgia, Lumbago, Circles Under Eyes, Sore Joints
and Muscles, Burning, and Bladder Weakness, caused
by functional Kidney inactivity. If you suffer, try
quick-acting Cystex. Often gives big improvement in
24 hours. Two medicines in one. Quickly soothes
and heals irritation in acid conditions. Cystex (pro-
nounced Siss-tex) is guaranteed to quickly combat
these conditions and satisfy completely, or return
empty package and get your money back. Don’t
neglect yourself. Get Cystex today. Only 75c at
druggists.

when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

HEW LOW PRICES

GOODRICH-GOOD/YEAR.

 Tirestotie - U.S.

AND OTHER TIRES

 lowest Prices on Earth t

  Thousands of satisfied tire users all over
  the U.S.A. Our 15 years of business speaks
  for itself. This big responsible company will
  supply you with reconstructed standard
  make tires at lowest prices in history—'
  Guaranteed.to.give 12 months’ service

 Don’t Delay—Order Today

DEALERS

WANTED

        CORD Tires
  Size TlresTube*
  30x3 $2.20 $1.00
  30x3*4 2.25 1.00
  81x4 2.95 1.15

        2.95	1.15

        2.95	1.15
        3.50 1.15

        3.20	1.45

        3.20	1.45

        3.45	1.45

        3.60	1.75

        3.60	1.75

        4.45	1.75

 BALLOON Tires
 Size Tires Tubes

  29x4.40 $2.30$1.10
  29x4.50 2.40 1.15
  80x4.50 2.45 1.29
  80x4.95 2.90 1.35
  28x5.25 2.95 1.35
  30x5.25 2.95 1.35
  31x5.25 3.10 1.35
  -----3.20 1.40

         3.20	1.40

         3.20	1.45
         3.50 l.f"

 80x5.77

 32x6.00

 83x6.00

 82x6.20

 All Other Sizes

Ordered. __________________________

  percent if cash in full accompanies order.
  Tires failing to give 12 months service will be replaced at half price.

  YORK TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY, DEPT. 942
  3855 Cottage Grove Ave.	Chicago, Illinois

ARTHRITIS

 Neuritis and Rheumatic Treatment

FREE

  After being: bed-ridden for 3 years as a
  result of Arthritis, I secured a prescrip-
  tion that so far relieved me of this af-
  fliction, within 3 months as to allow me to enjoy the
  activities of life again. The formula was then fur-
  nished to hundreds of persons in and near Pasadena,
  who have obtained similar results. Some of these

  ?eople had not walked for years. If your case results
  rom excessive Uric Acid, such as Arthritis, Neuri-
  tis, Sciatica, Rheumatism and Gout, I want you to
  try it free. Send name and address today.

THE RENTON COMPANY

DESK 719, STATION "C” ■ PASADENA, CALIF.

                    SOMETHING DIFFERENT

The SELF-STARTING LIGHTER
ST/o $25 A DAY

  Sell3 on sight. An everlasting match—a mystery
  I cjgar lighter—a scientific marvel. New ignition prin-
  ciple—no flint or friction. Sample and money-making
  rtV»niiSrl u“‘°8 plan—25c. Gold, silver or chromium plated sample $1.
  Ulr foJB Agents“write ,or proposition.

 LkGHTEBM N£W method MANUFACTURING CO.

Desk 7-2 New Method Bldg. Bradford, Pa.

s£CRET service

        No Money Down—Actual Crime Cases—

        If You Act Quick I—We will send you this stirring
        book on Crime Detection, Secret Service and Iden-
        tification Work for 80 days free reading. Send no
        money. If you decide to keep it, then send only
        $1.00. If not, return it. WRITE TODAY. Not
        sent to boys under 17 years of age.
        .G.Cookt.BookDcpL 27-72 1920 Smuyside kit., Chicago

■ f f/SX ~ BBSS

ELECTRiC"

■ PANTS - - . wmmm

Illinois

                       Man Makes

$88 Week

                           Pennsylvania agent) cleared $76 in 4 days.

                           , Texas live wire started with earnings of
                           I $144. Profits like these easy for you
                           • with amazing new invention—just out.
                           Pants Pressed in 10 Seconds
                           by ELECTRICITY

 Millions waiting for this wonderful RED LION ELECTRIC Trouser Presser. Puts
 razor edge creases in pants by electricity. As easy to use as a clothes brush.
 Only presser in the world that will crease pants while being worn. Will last years.
 Sample fits in pocket. Take orders. 100% profits. Experience unnecessary. Write
 for generous sample offer, sent free.

 MUNNY MFG. CO., Dept. 26-B 817 Main St.. Cincinnati, O.

TELEVISION

lalking Pictures

      Don’t spend your Hfe slaving away in some
      dull, hopeless job! Don’t be satisfied to work
      for a mere $20 or $30 a week. Let me show you
      how to make REAL MONEY in RADIO—tha
      Fastest-Growing, Biggest MONEY-MAKING
      GAME ON EARTH!

Jobs Leading to Salaries

OF $50 A WEEK AND UP

      Jobs as Designer, Inspector and Tester, as
      Radio Salesman and in Service and Installa-
      tion Work, as Operator or Manager of a Broad-
      casting Station, as Wireless Operator on a Ship
      or Airplane, as a Talking Picture or Sound
      Expert. .. HUNDREDS of OPPORTUNITIES
      for fascinating BIG PAY JOBS!

10 weeks of shop train-
ing at COYNE IIt Chicago

  ,We train you on a great outlay of Radio, Broadcasting, Television,
  Talking Picture and Code equipment. You don’t need advanced
  education or previous experience. We give you—right here at
  Coyne—all the actual practice and experience you’ll need. And
  because we cut out all useless theory, you are given a practical
  training in 10 weeks.

TELEVISION -Talking Pictures

  And Television is already here 1 Soon there’ll be a demand for THOU-
  SANDS of TELEVISION EXPERTS1 The man who gets in on the
  ground-fioor of Television can have a real future in this new field.

gro___________ - _____________ ______________________

 Learn Television at COYNE on the very latest, newest Television
 equipment! Big demand in TALKING PICTURES and SOUND
 REPRODUCTION! Hundreds of good jobs for WIRELESS OPER-

 ATORS! Learn ALL these branches qf Radio at Coyne—the one
 school that has been training men for 32 years.

EARN AS YOU LEARN

 You get FREE EMPLOYMENT HELP FOR LIFE! And if you
 need part-time work while at school to help pay expenses, we’ll
 gladly help you get it if you will write and tell us all about it. Coyne
 Training is tested—proven beyond all doubt. You can find out
 everything absolutely free. JUST MAIL COUPON FOR MY
 BIG FREE BOOK1

V? H.G.Lewis,Pres. Foundedl899

bUINfi Electrical School

SOO S. Paulina St. Dept. xz-7A Chicago, 111.

 H. C. Lewis, Pres., Radio Division, COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL
 500 S. Paulina St., Dept. 22-7A, Chicago, 111.

 DEAR MR. LEWIS-

 Send me your Big Free Radio Book and all details of your Spe-
 cial Introductory Offer. This does not obligate me in any way.
 m

Name... .............................................

Address..............................................

City............................

 .State.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

LEARN ELECTRICITY
IN LOS ANGELES

 Get into Electricity, where Trained Men maie up to $60,
 $70 and more a week! Come to National in California and
 learn by actual shop work on big Electrical equipment—no
 useless theory!

        RAILROAD FARE ALLOWED
For a limited time we are making a Special Free Railroad
Fare Offer to California. So mail the coupon at once! Take
advantage of this opportunity to visit Sunny California
and prepare for a good Electrical Job at the same time I
FREE EMPLOYMENT SERVICE
Spare Time Jobs While at School
National has been placing men in good jobs for over 25
years! Let National help place you in a good Electrical
position! And don’t worry about money. We will gladly
help you get a part time job to pay your living expenses
while at school—and a good job when you graduate! Get
the facts. Mail coupon below far Big Free Electrical
Book. No cost or obligation! Just mail the coupon. >

(National Electrical School,	I

 ■	Dept.3861), 4006 80. Figueroa St., Lon Angeles, California

 ■	Please send me your big Free Electrical Book and all detailf of your Free ■

V	Railroad Fare Offer.	I

I	~	------ — ~f

I Street Wn	------- .	|

bi-w—________

...State...

GUARANTEED

Savaaole wears
better than ordi-
nary leather.

Non-skid,water-
proof.

Money back if
not satisfied.

CENTS

SAVAsole

Pays Up To $41 Daily

 New process, no muss—roll it on in a min-
 ute. Dries hard and smooth over night. A
 “Hard Times” product. Folks now put new
 soles on old shoes as low as 4}4c each.

FREE Sample on Leather

Good for Jcuts
in tires. Rebailds
worn heels and
10 01 other
articles.

and details how men and women earning
up to $42 daily. EVERYBODY buys to save
money. Without experience—in spare time
—you can pocket profits like Symes of
Minnesota. He made $42 in a day. Miller
made $135.00 his first week. Thousands
cleaning up with this amazing specialty.
Write me quick! R. R. Bollman, Pres.,
THE PERFECT MFG. CO.. B-86 Daylight
Building, Cincinnati, Ohio.	|

M ail for FREE SAM PIE

I The Perfect Mfg. Co., B-86 Daylight Bldg., Cincinnati. Ohio.	I

Send me postpaid Free Sample on Leather, exclusive territory	i

J offer and show me howto make up to $42 daily. I'm not obligated.	•

I	Name.....*.....................................................I

| Address ....................................................................................|

| City........................... State ......................|

STREET & SMITH’S

REAL
LOVE

Magazine

cA

%

11	the test true love
         stories and confes-
         sions. A mirror in
         wliick otlier people s
         lives are reflected.
         o n s a le the second
         Wed nesday of every
         month.

10c per copy

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

Classified
Advertising

Patents and Lawyers

PATENTS. Send sketch or model. Booklet free. Highest ref-
ences. Beat results. Promptness assured. Watson E. Coleman,
Patent Lawyer, 724 Ninth St., Washington, D. C.

PATENTS SECURED. Promptness and skill assured. Exami-
nation and advice free. Book sent free. Randolph Company,
Section-488, Washington, D. C.

PATENTS LOWEST PEES, Write, The Ramsay Co’y, World
Patent Attorneys, 273 Bank St., Ottawa, Canada.

PATENT YOUR INVENTION: Send for Free Book, “How to
Obtain a Patent" and free “Record of Invention” Blank. Con-
sult us about how to protect your ideas. Victor J. Evans Co., 612B
Victor Bldg., Washington, D. C.

For Inventors

SOUND PRACTICAL INVENTIONS, patented, unpatented, now
In demand. Write Chartered Institute, 1103 Barrister Building,
Washington, D. C.

Agents

REPRESENT MANUFACTURER selling direct, fine	Shirts,
Ties, Underwear, Hosiery; exceptional values. Large earnings daily.

Free Shirts, Ties, Cash Bonuses. Complete Outfit Free.	Write
Dept. SS2, Rosecliff, 1237 Broadway, New York.

STRANGE BATTERY COMPOUND charges immediately.	Elimi-
nates old method. Gives new life and pep. Big profits.	Light-
ning Co., St. Paul, Minn.

Help Wanted—Instructions

RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS. $158 month. Men 18—35.
Early examinations likely. Sample coaching free. Franklin Insti-
tute, Dept. L2, Rochester, N. Y.

Songwriters

SONGWRITERS! Poems, melodies. Offer you outstanding bona
fide proposition. Ray Hibbeler, D186, 2104 Keystone, Chicago.

SONGWRITERS—Instructive Booklet sent free. Write today,
enclosing best song-poem. S. Newcomer Associates, 1674 Broad-
way, New York.

Formulas

1,000,000 FORMULAS, Industrial facts, tables, processes, rules,
trade secrets, and calculations for all kinds of Trades and Busi-
nesses. Book—“Moore's Assistant"—1016 pages. Sent postpaid for
$2.00. Ogilvie Publishing Co., 57 Rose St., Dept. 44, New York.

Salesmen Wanted

LOCAL COUNTY MANAGER to service extinguishers now in
use and demonstrate new patented device for Schools, Homes,
Stores, Shops, Garages, Churches, Warehouses, Trucks, Autos
and Busses. Our men are earning from $35 to $50 weekly on
service work alone in addition to profits on sale of new equip-
ment. Lifetime job for men who are reliable and ambitious to
build up steady business. Successful men earn from $3,500 up
to $10,000 a year. Large manufacturer with "A-l" rating. The
Fyr-Fyter Co., Dept. 2, Fyr-Fyter Bldg., Dayton, Ohio.

Detectives Wanted—Instructions

DETECTIVES EABN BIG MONET. Great demand. Excellent
opportunity. Experience unnecessary. Particulars free. Write.
George Wagner, 2190 Broadway, New York.

Please mention this magazine

HWEHRfl*S
VOU GET

ercising

Strap
Foot
Strap
Skip Rope
Rowing:
machine
attach-
ment
Illustrat-
ed Course
Muscle
clock

ally bargain price. The 10 cable, power-
ful chest expander adjustable to 200 lbs
resistance and with its many uses,
gives you all the advantages of a gym.
ENTIRE SATISFACTION GUARAN-
TEED OR MONEY BACK.

SEND NO MONEY

Send name and address. We send all
10 speedy developers by return mail.
Pay postman $3.49 Plus postage.

MUSCLE POWER CO.

Dept SS-2—150 Nassau St.
New York, N. Y.

------lippines,

Canada, Hawaii
or other foreign
countries, e n -
^ose money or.

rfor 54.49-^^

SONG WRITERS!

YOUR FREE BOOK is waiting to be sent on to you, containing
the most instructive and valuable information on song essen-1
tials for Talking Pictures^Jtadio^ and Records,^ ever offered. BIG

[SEND FOR-

FREE
BOOK

 the most instructive and valuable information on song essen-'
 Pictures, Radio and Records, ever offered. BIG

               ROYALTIES paid by Music Publishers and Talking Picture
               Producers for Song HITS. Submit your best poems for
               Free examination and advice. If we compose music to your
               poems we will guarantee that the song will be accepted for
               publication by a Reliable New York Music Publishing Firm.
               Copyrights secured. Anything in words or music, if"™"

 Copyrights
 TODAY.

 MAHONEY ASSOCIATES, 2 E. 23rd Street, New.York

 FULL SIZE rncc
 ^TREATMENT TKtt

** STOMACH

   Thousands of Stomach Sufferers, many cases of
   years standing, after using the Udga Treatment

   2	report amazing recovery in a remarkably short
   time. M yon are suffering from Stomach Ulcers,

    Gastritis, Acidosis, Dyspepsia, Indigestion or any form
    Stomach TrottWe caused by too much acid or faulty
    * diet, take advan&t$e of a new FREE offer which is now
    Jdga Co.* ~ ‘

, Dakota Building, St. Paul, Minn.

  made by the Udga i _	_r

    Yon wifi receive a full $1 slse treatment, valuable
    booklet and amazing testimonials from former sufferers
    itely without charge. Send only 10c to cover !

            Z eosi.

  _______TEA«_agJ _A «U» JW AIL CWPOW _

    Udga Inc., 1265 Dakota Bldg., St. Paul, Minn.

Enclosed 10c to cover mailing cost for which send me L____

    $1 size Udga Stomach Treatment, valuable booklet and testi-
    monial letters from former stomach sufferers.

Name......................................

Address.....................................

City.......................................State.

when answering advertisements
ADVERTISING SECTION

They Dared Me

TO PUBUSH THIS 4
BOLD BOOK ON

EUGENICS, SEX
BIRTH CONTROL/

Q/jfisGreatest

Everything
A Married
Woman
Should Know

How tq Hold a Husband
How to have perfect
children
Warding off other
women
Keeping yourself at-
tractive
Why husbands tire of
wives

Dreadful disease due
to ignorance
Babies and birth con-
trol

Twilight sleep — easy
childbirth
Family health guide
Change of life—hygiene
Inherited traits and
diseases
The mystery of twins
Hundreds of valuable
remedies

Secrets for Men

Mistakes of early mar-
riages
Secrets of fascination
Joys of perfect mating
How to make women
love you
Accidents and emer-
gencies
Limitation of offspring
Warning to young men
Secrets of sex attraction
Hygienic precaution
The reproductive or-
gans

What every woman
wants
Sex health and pre-
vention >

LIMITED
CUT PRICE
OFFER- i

 BIRTH CONTROL
 BOOKLETS

FREE/

   544 PACES BOLDLY
   .TELL THE TRUTH Am

      ling dttMtmtums-y) chapters-
      reallu a$9 volume encyclopedia

into 1 BIG VOLUME 1^--

What jpA of544 PAGES

to tell	Hast every woman pay the price of a mo- I

Bn r BMITA r»y	inent’s happiness in bitter tears and years of

a	V'I Ph&xJ \F~a fatfret ? Must millions of homes be ruined—

21 BnrftiV tI ft	lovers and sweethearts driven apart—mar-

\--W A. 1/	rSages totter to brink of divorce—the sacred

•	---/’	joys of sex relations be denied? YES—as long

 flTTS*rtlAf131 IT \ f JJ	/ , —--T7	Ra m,n «nd women remain ignorant of simple

glOWHig XJI	JL f"“°' li'“- Away with False Modesty!

1 I! J t	I	Let us tear veil of shame and

C^nilfl ■	'VAV	mystery from sex and build

VtilllU •	f	future of the race on a

                                                  □ew knowledge of facts	TL m

                                                           of sex as they are laid	* HG {JUf*e*!~

SS=S“S1»»WSS

RUSH COUPON Hi	*" r

                                                           Sign name and ad-
                               ...	^	dress to coupon.

Girls!	SSI V ^

                                                  Control.” Pay post- H /	g.

                    __. man $2.98 plus ■ /	H?

  y HH	~ "",l	J Postage.	ml	"

Don t Marry 350,000 Sold

I* C	This huge sale en-

KptArP I 1111	abled us to cut cost

1/vlVlv iVU	so you may secure

                     copy of Modern

V	i 11 TL* Eugenics at $2.98

Know All Ihis

np.__j___r u*_ _ minors.	Joan Adams, Preferred Publications.	7102

The dangers of pettmg When ^||||| 56 West 45th street, New York, N. Y.

How to be a vamp	state'	Send me Modern Eugenics sealed in plain wrapper.

How fn attract de- aBe*	Also enclose two free booklets entitled, “The Question

now to attract ue	of Birth Control-. and «.Facts About Birth Control/' I

sirame men ^	^^gg||g|g|jyig| will pay $2.98, plus postage, to postman.

How to know if He

loves you	_ _____

,, ,	IT -	. I Name................................Age.

How to acquire bodily	■ I-	'

grace and beauty	____________

it * ,	■ I	| \ddress.

How to acquire charm	--------'

Intimate personal hy-

g*ene	Orders from Foreign Countries must be accompanied

How to pick a husband	by express or money order of $3.45.

Please mention this magazine when answering advertisements
Two Cow'punch
Rangers

 By Samuel H. Nickels

                     Author of “Gila’s Fightin’ Pard,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

THE WOUNDED EIDER.

THE big Texas Ranger camp
under the rim of the mesa
was seething with excitement.
The dingy tents loomed ghostly in
the inky darkness, and the hoarse
shouts of armed sentries echoed
weirdly among the thickets of
gnarled mesquites.\

  “Halt! Halt, or I fire!” came the
rapid bark of a watcher, followed in-
stantly by the rattle of a breech
WW—1D

block as a cartridge was levered into’
a rifle barrel.

  A thunder of steel-shod hoofs, and
a rocketing horse loomed suddenly
out of the blackness, its rider sway-
ing weakly in the saddle. Eyeballs
rolling and body a lather of sweat,
the big gelding headed straight for
the cluster of tents.

  “Don’t shoot!” a Ranger yelled.

  Too late. The sharp, blasting
crack of a big-bore carbine smote the
eardrums, and a darting streak of
orange flame winked out luridly.
2

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Bang! A whizzing bullet split the
air within an inch of the oncoming
rider’s bobbing head and hummed
spitefully away into the night.

  “Don’t shoot no more!” came a
warning whoop. “It’s a wounded
man. Catch his horse fer ’im!”
Muffled voices took up the cry as
a score of half-dressed Rangers went
running to catch the racing horse.
The ring of spur rowels and the
clump of boot heels cut through the
noise of pounding hoofs as shadowy
forms jumped in front of the panting
animal.

  “I got ’im, fellers! Keep back!”
came a low-voiced call. “Ho, boy!
Whoa! Whoa, boy!”

  The tall Ranger got hold of a
trailing bridle rein and spoke sooth-
ingly to the big gelding. As it
champed upon the bit and rolled its
eyes toward him, he patted its wet
neck and rubbed its nose soothingly.

  “Lift thet wounded hombre out of
the saddle,” the Ranger at the
horse’s head called sharply. “Help
’im down. If he’s dyin’, git a state-
ment from ’im ’fore he passes out.”
Willing hands reached for the
wounded stranger who was already
trying to dismount. He slid heavily
to the ground and stood swaying
dazedly. His knees buckled beneath
him, and he would have fallen, but
two Rangers threw their arms about
him and held him up.

  “Who shot yuh, hombre?” a ser-
geant barked. “What happened to
yuh? Tell us quick.”

  For a moment, the fellow choked
and tried to speak. He rolled his
bloodshot eyes up at the circle of
faces. A crimson froth dyed his
bearded lips, and he clutched weakly
at his chest where a heavy bullet had
gone clear through him.

  “Ghost Riders of the Rio,” he

gasped jerkily. “They-”

  This was as far as the fellow got.

He slumped forward in the arms of
the two Rangers who held him. A
shudder of his gaunt frame, and he
lost consciousness.

  “Slam saddles on yer horses,
men!” Captain Robert barked.
“We’ll hit this hombre’s trail.
Maybe we can nab them murderous
skunks ’fore they git across the Rio
Grande.”

  “Hold on thar, cap!” came a sharp
call, and a lanky, loose-jointed cow-
boy came slouching lazily through
the crowd. “If yuh go bustin’ back
after them jaspers with a whole
company, they’ll hyar yuh cornin’
long ’fore yuh git in shootin’ dis-
tance. Me an’ little Rusty’11 handle
this alone.”

  “Yuh bet yuh,” a short, sawed-off:
waddy barked. And little “Rusty”
shoved forward and finished buck-
ling on his gun belts. “If me an’
Hungry, here, can’t nab them hom-
bres, the rest of yuh needn’t try it.
Git out of my way!”

  The grizzled old Ranger captain
whirled and stared sharply at the.
two new recruits. He had lived too
long in the wild borderland to disre-
gard their suggestion.

  More than this, startling tales of
the shooting and fighting ability of
“Hungry” Hawkins and Rusty Boli-
var had been told throughout the
length and breadth of the frontier.
Captain Roberts looked keenly at
both men.

  They were young fellows, in their
early twenties, but entirely different'’
in their appearance and dispositions.
They had just joined the Rangers
that afternoon. Either of them
would fight his weight in wild cats—
and give the cat the first scratch.

  Rusty was a tiny, wiry-built hom-
bre, quick-tempered, fiery, and a
dead shot with either hand. It was
little Rusty who started more than
nine tenths of their fights.
Two Cow-punch Rangers

3

  Hungry was a long, lanky, dole-
ful-looking fellow who seldom talked
much. When he did, it was in a
soft, apologetic voice. With his
shambling, loose-jointed figure, his
dangling, bony arms, shoveliike
hands, and his habit of rolling his
eyes mournfully upward when
spoken to, Hungry looked to be al-
most anything but the fighter he
was.

  But range men who knew or had
heard of Hungry Hawkins were not
deceived by his meek appearance.
In spite of his peaceful, almost bash-
ful disposition, Hungry was by far
the more deadly of the two partners
when trouble started. Very often, it
was he who finished what little
Rusty began. They were partners,
and inseparable.

  “So you two hombres want to go
after the Ghost Riders of the Rio
Grande, do yuh?” Captain Roberts
barked. “Want to tackle the job
alone, huh?”

  “Thet’s what we jest done said,”
Rusty snapped. “If yuh can’t trust
us to do the job, we’ll resign from
yer danged Ranger company right
now. Do we go, or don’t we?”

  The captain studied their faces
thoughtfully. He knew men—men
in the rough—and he knew just
about what such frontier gun
fighters as these two wild cowboy
recruits would do, or try to do, if
they hit the trail of that notorious
band of outlaws.

  “If yuh ain’t back by the time I
think yuh should be, Company B
will come to help yuh. Start ridin’,”
he ordered.

  Rusty was already running to get
their horses. In a moment, he was
back, and he and Hungry swung into
their saddles.

  “You better take some grub with
yuh,” the captain called.

  “Yeah, maybe we’d better take a

chuck wagon an’ a cook, too.”
Rusty snarled sarcastically. “Git
out o’ the way!”

  Respect for a superior officer was
certainly one thing that did not
nother Rusty. And neither he nor
Hungry acknowledged any superior
when it came to handling outlaws
and bad men. Both punchers
usually handled them roughly, and
they did it with smoking guns.

  “Come on, pard!” Hungry called.
“Stop talkin’ an’ let’s ride.”

 The two cowboy Rangers
slammed home the spurs and shot
away through the mesquites. In a
moment, both were swallowed by
the darkness as they sped swiftly
down the narrow trail into the night

CHAPTER n.

THE BURNED CABIN.

G°IN\ to be a heck of a job fol-
lerin’ thet wounded hombre’s
back tracks,” Rusty snapped to
Hungry as they sped along.

  “No use to foiler ’em,” Hungry
drawled. “He’s bound to have come
up this draw. We’ll not bother with
tracks until we git close to the main
trail. Moon’ll be up higher then,
an’ we can see to foiler ’em. Spur
up!”

  Without a pause except to make
sure they did not miss the trail to
the canyon, the fighting partners
sped swiftly along. In and out
among the shadowy mesquites,
through clumps of greasewood, and
around spiny beds of prickly pear,
over ledges of crumbly rock and
across dry arroyos, they guided their
plunging mounts.

  Once a horse stumbled and went
to its knees. A shower of gravel
hurtled from the trail as it lunged,
snorting, to its feet, reared and
bounded on. A snarl from its rider;
it was Rusty’s mount that had al-
4

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

most gone over the canyon rim. The
lanky, sad-eyed Hungry would never
have said a word.

  Suddenly a bank of fleecy clouds
rolled away, and the moon could be
seen rising slowly from behind the
neighboring hills. Higher and higher
it mounted, until the wild, forbid-
ding landscape was flooded by its
ghostly radiance.

  The flying forms of the two
Rangers loomed weirdly as they
swept through the shadows cast by
the gnarled mesquites. The light
gleamed dully on the conchas of
their batwing chaps, on buckles,
cartridge belts, and low-swung gun
butts.

  “Better slow down an’ begin
watchin’ out fer tracks,” Hungry
grunted. “We’re gittin’ close to the
main trail.”

  Rusty pulled his horse down to a
slow trot and bent low to peer at the
rocky shelf over which they were
passing. Hungry was already cut-
ting back and forth in an effort to
pick up the wounded hombre’s
tracks.

  “I got it,” Hungry announced
quietly. “He passed this way.
Drop in beside me an’ keep yer eyes
peeled from hyar on.”

  “Yuh think I ain’t got sense
enough to do thet without yuh
tellin’ me?” Rusty snarled impa-
tiently. “Lead on, yuh danged shin-
nery squirrel!”

  With hands dropped conveniently
close to their holstered guns, and
wary glances flitting, to every boul-
der, bush, or ledge of rock capable
of hiding an ambushed marksman,
Hungry and Rusty rode swiftly on.
They knew they were coming close
to where the wounded rider had been
shot. A man could not have ridden
far with a bullet clear through him.

  And the two Ranger recruits knew
just what type of outlaws they were

hunting. The “Ghost Riders” of
the Rio Grande were the worst col-
lection of thieves and killers that
had ever infested the rim of the
wasteland.

  There were about twenty of the
slit-eyed desperadoes, and they
seemed to have their hiding place
somewhere in a low range of rocky
hills a few miles south of the Rio
Grande. They would cross the river
under cover of night, rob and kill,
then be miles away before the Texas
Rangers could make a move to head
them off.

  Somehow, these ruffians managed
to keep posted as to the movements
of the officers. They knew at all
times just where and when to look
for them. This made it easy for the
outlaws to dodge them and commit
their crimes almost in safety.

  Too, they seemed to know exactly
when a ranchman made a sale of
cattle and when he received his
money. They were informed far in
advance when mine pay rolls were
sent in or gold shipments were to be
made.

  Some person or persons were evi-
dently acting as spies for the Ghost
Riders. Just who they were, the
Rangers had not been able to learn,
but several saloon keepers along the
little river towns had been suspected
from time to time.

  “I don’t see much sense in trackin’
thet hombre back to where he was
shot,” Rusty complained impa-
tiently. “I bet them Ghost Riders
has done vamosed across the river
into old Mexico.”

  “I just figger to make shore it was
Ghost Riders,” Hungry explained
patiently.

  A few moments after they struck
the main canyon, they caught the
pungent scent of wood smoke and
saw a faint glow against the night
sky a few miles to the west of them.
Two Cow-punch Rangers

5

Rusty straightened in his saddle
with a jerk, and he shot Hungry a
searching glance.

  “Cabin burnt,” Hungry remarked
quietly. “Thet’s about where the
shootin’ took place. We don’t need
these tracks any more. Let’s ride!”

  They lifted their horses into a
dead run at the first rake of their
heavy spurs. Limbs of the thorny
mesquite slashed and tore at their
old chaps, ripped the sleeves of their
shirts and stung their faces as they
pulled their sombreros tight upon
their heads and went racing toward
the scene of the crime.

  But they were too well acquainted
with the deadly nature and treach-
ery of the border desperadoes to ride
blindly into danger. Enemies in the
open, where they could blast them
out of their saddles with smoking
guns, were one thing, but killers who
waited in the dark, with rifles
ready, were something else.

  In a dense thicket of stunted ce-
dars, about two hundred yards from
the glowing ruins of the cabin, Hun-
gry and Rusty slid their horses to a
halt and leaped from their saddles.
Both jerked the short carbines from
their, scabbards and levered car-
tridges into the stubby barrels.

  “Yuh take the left, an’ I’ll take
the right,” Hungry grunted softly.
“If there’s anybody still thar, we’ll
git ’em between us.”

  A nod from little Rusty, and they
went slipping away through the
gloom in such 41 way as to reach the
burned cabin from opposite sides.
They left their mounts among the
cedars.

  Within a short distance of the
burned house, Hungry crouched
down and stared searchingly in
every direction. Seeing nothing, he
twisted his head and looked toward
the opposite fringe of brush for
some sign of Rusty.

  Just then, an owl hooted loudly.
Hungry jerked his carbine to his
shoulder and waited.

  Again the owl hooted. This time,
Hungry lowered his gun. He pulled
off his sombrero and, holding it
loosely over his face, he hooted
three times. These were old signals
that he and Rusty often used at
night.

  Given quickly, those seemingly
harmless hoots meant that danger
threatened. Given slowly, with
plenty of pause in between them,
meant that nothing was to be seen.

  Hungry stood up and dropped his
rifle across his arm. Just then,
Rusty came walking out of the
brush toward him.

  “I reckon them jaspers has pulled
out,” Rusty remarked disgustedly.

  “I figgered they’d be gone,” Hun-
gry said.

  Without another word, both be-
gan searching about the place for
tracks. The roof of the old adobe
house had fallen in and burned
down to a bed of coals. These
glowed red through the smoke-
blackened windows as the two Rang-
ers looked carefully about the lit-
tered yard and toward the picket
corrals.

  Suddenly Hungry came to a halt
beneath a heat-blistered cotton-
wood. At his grunt, Rusty lifted his
rifle and jumped toward him.

CHAPTER III.

THE CANTINA BY THE RIO.

piND somethin’?” Rusty barked.

 Without answering, Hungry
pointed to a small sheet-iron box
that had been broken open with an
ax. He nodded and stooped to ex-
amine it more closely.

  The lock had been beaten off and
the lid pried.: up. There upon the
ground, where they had been care-
6

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

lessly tossed aside, the Rangers
found some papers. Presently
Rusty picked up a twenty-dollar
gold piece that lay half buried in the
dust.

  “Robbery,” Hungry said, nodding.
“I reckon the thieves lost thet with-
out missin’ it. Reckon they must’ve
made a pretty good haul to lose a
coin the size o’ thet un without no-
ticin’ it.”

  “Them Ghost Riders, I reckon,”
Rusty snapped.

 Hungry nodded. “Yeah. Been
about twenty men hyar. They’ll be
the right number fer them treach-
erous varmints. Bound to’ve been
them.”

  Hungry put the papers back into
the box and shoved the lid down as
best he could; then he put it up in a
fork of the tree. This done, they
hurried back to their horses and
swung into their saddles.

  “Well?” Rusty inquired wasp-
ishly, as he picked up his bridle
reins. “We know where they’ve
gone. Do yuh figure there’s any use
trackin’ ’em?”

  “None whatsomever,” Hungry re-
plied, reaching lazily for his chew-
ing tobacco. “Them jaspers has lit
a shuck fer the healthy side of the
Rio Grande hours ago. We’d just
be wastin’ time.”

  Hungry mouthed his quid of to-
bacco into his gaunt cheek and
glanced mournfully across at Rusty.
He chewed thoughtfully for a mo-
ment, then turned and stared down
at his horse’s ears as if he expected
to find the answer to their problem
there.

  “Well, yuh goin’ to set hyar all
night?” Rusty demanded impa-
tiently. “We was sent to catch them
thieves an’ killers, if yuh’ve done
forgot what we come after.”

  A pained look saddened Hun-
gry’s mournful face. He spat wea-

rily into the brush, then turned re-
proachfully to Rusty.

  “Can’t yuh stop botherin’ me
when I’m busy thinkin’?” he com-
plained patiently. “I’d purty nigh
figgered out what I was goin’ to do
when yuh butted in. Now hush a
minute. I got to begin all over
again.”

  Rusty let out a strangled snort of
rage. He glared disgustedly at his
lanky partner, who was again study-
ing his horse’s ears.

  “I got it,” Hungry at last an-
nounced.

  “Better hog tie it, so it won’t git
away on yuh,” Rusty snarled sar-
castically. “Tell it quick. Maybe I
can help yuh remember it.”

  Hungry winced at this thrust. He
looked across at little Rusty’s wasp-
ish face and sighed heavily.

  “Well,” he said finally, “hyar’s
what I figger is best to do! Some-
body’s keepin’ them Ghost Riders
posted on what’s goin’ on through
this section. I’m goin’ to make use
of one of them hombres, whoever he
is, an’ we’ll let them thievin’ cut-
throats come after us, instead of us
goin’ after them. Come on an foller
me!”

  Hungry quit the main trail and
headed his big cow horse straight
across the low hills toward a sleepy
little Mexican village that sprawled,
a straggling cluster of mud-roofed
adobe shacks, beside the sluggish
Rio Grande. The filthy saloon and
gambling hole there had long been
suspected as the place where the
outlaws had been getting the infor-
mation which guided them in their
murderous raids along the border.

  The first gray streaks of dawn
were just beginning to tint the east-
ern horizon when Hungry and
Rusty reached the rim of a low
mesa that overhung the canyon of
the Rio Grande. There beneath
Two Cow-punch Rangers

7

them, the sluggish yellow stream
wound lazily between low bars of
treacherous quicksands. To cross
there was extremely dangerous, and
it could be done, only at certain
places.

  “Well, hyar’s the Rio,” Rusty
grunted. “What next?”

  Hungry acted as if he did not
hear. He was thoughtfully study-
ing the little village that nestled
there along the dusty road which
wound crazily between the clumps
of mesquite near the river bank.

  “I reckon we’d better hide our
Ranger badges ’fore we ride down
there,” he suggested, with a sleepy
yawn. “We’ll pin ’em inside the
waistband of our pants. Without
them badges, nobody’ll think we’re
anything but a couple o’ stray cow-
hands.”

  They hurriedly unpinned the sil-
ver badges of the Texas Rangers
from the front of their flannel shirts
and fastened them where they could
not be seen just inside the top of
their trousers. This done, they went
riding leisurely down the steep mesa
trail into town.

  A few minutes later, they came
trotting carelessly up the littered
road that served as a street. Black-
shawled women eyed them wonder-
ingly as they passed. Brown men
shot them sly, searching glances, and
more than one hand stole caress-
ingly to knife hilt or six-gun butt as
the partners rode along.

  “I don’t Agger thet Texas cow-
hands is very popular around this
particular neighborhood,” Rusty ob-
served. “I done spotted me several
hombres I ain’t meanin’ to turn my
back on.”

  “Yup,” Hungry grunted. “Down
hyar, a feller’s health depends a lot
on how far he can see behind ’im,
an’ how quick his gun hand works.-5

  Near the end of the street, Hun-

gry turned aside and dismounted in
front of an old cantina. This ram-
bling adobe combination of saloon,
gambling den, restaurant, and dance
hall bore the toughest name of any
along a thousand miles of Mexican
border. It was the proprietor of this
dive who had long been suspected of
being in league with the Ghost
Riders, and who supplied them with
information.

  “I reckon we can git us a cup of
coffee an’ a bowl of chili here,” Hun-
gry remarked, with a meaning look
at Rusty. “Let me have thet thar
twenty-dollar gold piece yuh found
at the burned ranch house. I got a
particular use fer it.”

  As Rusty slipped him the coin,
Hungry hid it in his big hand; then
he whispered a few hurried words of
instruction as he dropped it into his
chaps pocket. By a barely seen
lowering of his left eyelid, Rusty in-
dicated that he understood.

  Knowledge of just what Hungry
was up to brought a dare-devil twin-
kle to Rusty’s dancing gray eyes.
The little Ranger felt to make sure
that his twin guns were loose in their
tied-down holsters; then he bow-
legged it behind his lanky pard to-
ward the door.

CHAPTER IV.

KIDDING A BARTENDER.

A COFFEE-COLORED bartender

    was busy swabbing off the rough
bar with a damp and none-too-clean
rag as they stepped into the long,
low-ceilinged saloon. Except for
him, the evil-smelling place was en-
tirely deserted.

  This hombre dropped his rag as
they entered, and he shot the cow-
boy Rangers a venomous look from
beneath his hooded lids. He brushed
a tin cup from the edge of the bar
with his elbow, and it clattered nois-
8

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

ily to the floor. It was so clumsily
done that the partners knew in-
stantly that it was a signal to some
one in a back room.

  Rusty sneered and hooked both
thumbs in his gun belts.

  “Why didn’t yuh just holler, hom-
bre?” he snapped sarcastically.
“Yuh needn’t have dropped the tin-
ware.”

  The fellow’s swarthy, pock-
marked face twisted in a wicked
snarl. The long knife scar that
reached from the edge of his un-
kempt hair in front of his ear to the
point of his chin gleamed a dirty
white as he glared sullenly.

  “What’ll eet be, gents?” he de-
manded. It was both a question and
a challenge, and his hand went
stealthily beneath the bar as he
spoke.

  “Keep thet hand up in sight,”
Hungry ordered softly. “Put it up
where I can see it, hombre.”

  The bartender darted the lanky
Ranger a sharp look. Hungry’s
doleful face looked even more
mournful and solemn than ever, but
his low voice held a note of deadly
warning, and a greenish light was
smoldering dangerously from under
his lowered lids. None but a close
observer could have noticed it.

  The fellow brought his hand up
slowly and laid it on the bar in
front of him. There was a look al-
most of fear on his repulsive face as
he did so.

  “Thet’s better, hombre,” Rusty
snapped. “Keep yer little hand
where we can see it. The first gun
thet starts a tune around hyar’ll find
ours chimin’ in on the chorum, an’
there’ll be chili con carne scattered
from hyar to Mexico City. Savvy?”

  “Speakin’ o’ chili,” Hungry said
mildly, “yuh can git us a bowl
apiece, an’ a couple o’ cups o’ cof-
fee. Hurry, feller! We’re a little

anxious to git away from hyar an’
into the hills.”

  As Hungry said this, the fellow’s
features underwent a change. To be
in a hurry to get away and into the
hills could mean but one thing down
here. It meant that the partners
were on the dodge—that they were
wanted men and seeking to escape
from the officers for some crime.

  He was almost civil as he mo-
tioned them toward a greasy table,
then hurried out into a back room.
As he vanished through the door,
Hungry winked heavily and leaned
closer to Rusty.

  “We’re hank robbers,” he whis-
pered softly. “Dodgin’ Rangers an’
makin’ our git-away with a big haul
of gold. Got the money hid out in
the hills. Let ’im think it without
tellin’ ’im.”

  Rusty’s unconcerned sniff told
that he understood perfectly. The
little Ranger began whistling tune-
lessly between his prominent teeth
and glancing about the filthy bar-
room, at the gambling devices, the
battered pool tables, and at the
cheap pictures on the dingy, bullet-
scarred walls.

  Hungry slouched lazily in his
chair, one long chap-clad leg thrown
carelessly across the other. His head
was tilted back, and he appeared to
be dumbly watching a huge spider
that was crawling across the ceiling.
Apparently he was interested in
nothing else; but in reality, he was
alertly watching the door through
which the bartender had gone after
the chili and coffee.

  Suddenly the door was pulled
slightly open, and from the corner
of his eye, Hungry saw a man watch-
ing him closely. Without turning
his head, Hungry dropped his right
hand lazily into his lap and hooked
his thumb in his gun belt just above
one of his black-butted .45s. From
Two Cow-punch Rangers

9

that position, he could draw and
shoot with the speed of a darting
rattlesnake—and what Hungry shot
at, he usually hit.

  The door closed softly; then it
opened with a noisy squeak, as the
bartender came hurrying in with the
steaming bowls of chili and two tin
cups of hot coffee. Hungry care-
lessly tossed the twenty-dollar gold
piece upon the table, but he keenly
watched the fellow from the corner
of his eye as he did so.

  “Hey, yuh’11 git us in bad yit,
droppin’ them twenties around fer
people to see,” Rusty snarled hotly.
“Don’t let hombres see thet gold,
yuh fool!”

  Hungry gulped and pretended to
be greatly disturbed. He grabbed
up the gold piece and tossed some
silver in its place; then, with a wor-
ried look at Rusty, he crammed the
twenty back out of sight.

  The bartender unbent noticeably
at this. He almost smiled. Later,
he did smile when Rusty made a
guarded inquiry as to whether Rang-
ers ever came into the saloon or
frequented that part of the river.

  “You safe een thees place, senor.”
He grinned meaningly. “Rangers,
he no lak come here. Eet ees no safe
for thems. You savvy?”

  “Don’t tell ’im nothin’, pard,”
Rusty snarled. “He’s just tellin’ us
thet, but he’d turn us in fer the re-
ward if he got half a chance.”

  “There you go!” Hungry com-
plained bitterly. “How’d this hom-
bre ’a’ knowed there was a reward
fer us if yuh hadn’t made thet
break? Shet up an’ eat yore chili,
then let’s git away from hyar.”
There was now an understanding
grin on the bartender’s oily face.
He went out to the other room
again, but was back in a moment.

  “Senores,” he said, with a sly
wink, “maybe you lak to eat een an-

other place where no one can see
you. You come weeth me an’ I
show you.”

  Hungry and Rusty both rose
quickly. They grabbed up cups and
bowls and followed the Mexican out
into a tiny room at the end of the
saloon. Here the bartender left
them and closed the door behind
him.

  When the fellow had gone, Hun-
gry nodded at Rusty and glanced
meaningly toward the door. Rusty
winked and leaned closer.

  “They’ve put us in hyar on pur-
pose,” he whispered softly. “They
figgered we’d talk to each other. I
bet there’s more’n one jasper lis-
tenin’ out thar near a keyhole fer all
he’s worth.”

  “Uh:huh. I know it,” Hungry
said softly. “Go ahead an’ give ’em
an earful. Yuh know what to say.”
Rusty did, and he said it. Be-
tween mouthfuls of the hot chili, he
proceeded to hand Hungry a pre-
tended calling-down for coming so
near to giving them away. Once he
heard a slight noise at the door.
Some one was there, and was getting
every word he uttered—and imagin-
ing more.

   When Rusty had finished, he left
' his listeners firmly convinced that he
and Hungry were the two worst
bank robbers and killers who had
ever hit the border. To have heard
little Rusty, one would have be-
lieved that he and Hungry were
even now escaping from the scene of
their latest crime, and that they had
thousands of dollars in gold hidden
out at some secret place in the hills.

   “Well, we’d better be gittin’ on
back,” Rusty said finally. “Come
on! We’ll beat it ’fore some of them
Rangers comes bustin’ in on us.”

   As they shoved back their chairs
and stood up, they distinctly heard
sounds of running feet near the door.
10

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

The listeners were getting away.
Rusty’s wizened face twisted in a
knowing grin.

  The bartender was more than
friendly when they went back into
the saloon. Rusty scowled at him,
and Hungry walked to the door for
a supposedly wary glancie up and
down the street.

  “You boys stay here an’ res’ up
to-day,” the bartender invited.
“You een no danger weeth us.”

  “Is zat so?” Rusty gritted, dart-
ing him a savage look. “Listen,
hombre. We’re beatin’ it away from
here, an' if yuh put anybody on our
trail—well, it’ll just be too bad fer
yuh. Thet’s all.”

  “We ain’t wanted men, nohow,”
Hungry called. “Yuh’ve made a
mistake on us. Them Texas Rang-
ers is plumb friends of ours.”

  The bartender grinned. He was
now firmly convinced that both men
were desperadoes of the very worst
type. The thought of Hungry
claiming to be friendly with the
Rangers was what caused him to
grin so knowingly.

  Both cowboys were killers and all-
around bad hombres, and no one
could have made him believe other-
wise. Too, he knew they must have
a lot of stolen money hidden out in
the hills.

CHAPTER V.

OLD DYNAMITE.

j-jUNGRY and Rusty swung into
their saddles and went galloping
back along the foot of the mesa.
Hungry was busily studying every
canyon they passed, and he was
studying them with an eye to busi-
ness—Ranger business.

  “Hey, Hungry, we got thet bar-
keep hombre loaded fer bear,” Rusty
chuckled happily. “What’ll he be
doin’ with what he thinks he knows,
do yuh reckon?”

  “Look behind yuh an’ see,” Hun-
gry suggested, with a trace of a
placid smile on his homely face.
“Take a good squint, an’ yuh might
see if anybody’s crossin’ the river,
while yo’re at it.”

  Rusty shot Hungry a keen look;
then he whirled in his saddle and
stared behind them. He pulled his
hat brim lower to shade his eyes
from the glare of the sun, as he bent
a searching glance toward the
gleaming waters of the Rio Grande.

  Suddenly Rusty gave a startled
grunt. He raised himself upon his
toes in the stirrups and leaned his
weight against the saddle horn, as
he watched a man who was picking
his way swiftly among the sand
bars. The hombre was riding hur-
riedly toward the Mexican shore.

  “Look yonder, Hungry,” Rusty
barked. “There goes some Mex
across the river. He knows where
he’s goin’, too.”

  “Messenger to the Ghost Riders,”
Hungry remarked, without turning
his head. “I figgered I had thet
bartender sized up right. Take an-
other look, an’ yuh’ll find some other
jasper trailin’ us. One of them hair-
pins has been sent to keep us lo-
cated an’ to see where we’ve camped.
The other is to bring them Ghost
Riders of the Rio Grande to rob us
of our supposed gold.”

  “I don’t see nobody on our trail,”
Rusty complained.

  “Well, yuh needn’t worry. Some-
body’s follerin’ us,” Hungry said
carelessly. “Come on!”

  Rusty let out a shrill cackle of
laughter, but there was no mirth in
the sound. The peppery little ban-
tam’s keen blue eyes were dancing
with an unholy light, and he was
hungrily fingering his gun butts.

  “This looks as if it might be a
likely spot,” Hungry remarked, criti-
cally glancing up a narrow canyon.
Two Cow-punch Rangers

11

“We’ll ride in hyar an’ just take a
peep.”

  They swung their mounts aside
and rode quietly up a faint trail.
About fifty yards inside, the canyon
narrowed until there was scarcely
room for their horses to pass be-
tween the high walls of yellow clay
and gravel. Hungry nodded and
grunted to himself at sight of this.

  “What’re yuh figgerin’ on now?”
Rusty snapped.

  “Don’t bother me when I’m busy
thinkin’,” Hungry replied patiently.
“I dang nigh had an idea then, but
yuh interrupted me.”

  “Aw,” Rusty snorted. “Huh!
Maybe I’d better fan yuh an’ hold
yer head while yuh think. Feller, if
yuh was to ever git two ideas at'
once, we’d need a doctor.”

  With this, Rusty lapsed into
scornful silence, and they rode on.
Presently the canyon widened out
into a little grassy flat, and they
saw a small cabin just ahead of
them.

  A wary glance, and they saw that
the cabin was old and had long been
deserted. It was built of mud and
flat stones, and the sagging roof was
of pinon poles covered with dirt.
The door sagged upon rusty hingess
and the single tiny window was
without sash or covering.

  “Some old goat-herder’s shack, or
a miner’s cabin,” Hungry an-
nounced. “We’ll look inside.”
Samples of ore on the window
ledge and on the ground beneath it
told the cowboy Rangers that it was
the latter. In the gloomy interior,
they found a rickety pole bunk and
a rusted sheet-iron stove amid a
litter of rubbish of every kind.

“We’ll make camp hyar,” Hungry
announced. “We’ll take a peep
around the canyon first; then we’ll
come back an’ clean out the shack.”
Rusty let out an angry yell at the

suggestion of cleaning up the shack.
He glared hotly at Hungry, and his
waspish face twisted in a snarl of
disgust.

  “Me help clean up this mess!” he
gritted. “Like heck I will! Yuh can
clean it yerself. What do yuh think
I am—a prairie dog or a gopher?”
Hungry sighed despondently and
walked outside. A careful look
around, and he found that they
were in a tiny box canyon. The
walls of weather-worn clay which
surrounded the place on all sides
were high and absolutely unclimb-
able. There was no way out except
through the narrow opening where
they had ridden in. -

  Hungry smiled serenely and
reached for his much-gnawed plug
of chewing tobacco.

  “Couldn’t have beat this place if
we’d had it built to order,” he mut-
tered. “I reckon this’ll be our hang-
out.”

  Rusty swore he wouldn’t lift a
hand to help clean out the cabin,
but he did. Still complaining and
swearing bitterly that he would get
even at some early date, he grudg-
ingly picked up a piece of plank and
began shoveling out the rubbish.

  They were both hard at work
amid a boiling cloud of dust, when
little Rusty located a battered box
underneath the bunk. He paused
for a moment to mop his sweated
face with his bandanna; then, with
a muttered grunt, he stooped and
hauled the box out where he could
examine it.

  “What’ve yuh found?” Hungry in-
quired. “Let me see.”

  “Look out!” Rusty gave a startled
yell. “It’s old dynamite. Git away
from hyar while we’re still whole!”
Rusty dived through the door
and flattened himself against the
ground outside. Hungry glanced
patiently after him, then he walked
12

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

over and began examining the dusty
dynamite sticks.

  “Feller, yuh’d better be cornin’
out o’ thar ’fore yut git blowed out!”
Rusty shouted. “Thet powder is so
old, it’s liable to be spotted. Spotted
dynamite’ll let go at the slightest
jar. I know somethin’ about thet
stuff. Yuh don’t even need a cap
to let off spotted dynamite. I’m

a-tellin’ yuh-”

  “Hey! I can use this stuff to help
nab them Ghost Riders,” Hungry in-
terrupted happily. “Why, there’s
even caps an’ fuse hyar. Look at
what I’m goin’ to do.”

  Hungry picked up the box and
came lugging it out into the yard.
At sight of him, Rusty let out a
startled yell and went running away
across the shallow arroyo. He
stopped at a safe distance and shook
his fist at his lanky partner.

  “Don’t yuh come no closer to me
with thet danged stuff!” he yelled
warningly. “If yuh ain’t got no
sense, durn yuh, I have. Thet old
stuff’s liable to let go any second.”
“Well, stand over thar an’ watch
me, then,” Hungry called.

CHAPTER VI.

THE GHOST RIDERS.

J-jUNGRY sat down and began to
arrange the sticks beside him.
Presently he took up the coil of fuse
and cut off fully a dozen short
lengths, which he fitted with caps.

  This done to his satisfaction, he
fixed each stick of dynamite with a
capped fuse and tied it with a string,
so that it would hold together.

  When Hungry had finished with
this, he dusted off his hands and
picked up the remainder of the
deadly dynamite, which he cradled
in his arms. He rose to his feet and
started with it down the canyon.
“Come on, Rusty,” he called over

his shoulder. “Come on an’ watch
what I do with this.”

  “I’ll come an’ watch, but I’ll be
a safe distance away when yuh git
blowed up,” Rusty replied testily.
“There won’t be nothin’ left o’ yuh
but a grease spot on these canyon
walls d’rectly.”

  Hungry sighed patiently and
went stalking unhurriedly down the
canyon. At the narrow place, he
hunted until he located a spot where
he could climb out on top by means
of jutting rock and bushes.

  “Feller,” Rusty remarked criti-
cally, when Hungry was about half-
way up, “if yore foot was to slip
while yo’re packin’ thet dynamite up
thar, yuh’d be about the scrambled-
uppest corpse that the angels ever
harvested on this range.”

  At the top, Hungry got a stout
limb of mesquite and dug a deep
hole. Into this he deposited the re-
mainder of his dynamite—about
thirty sticks. He fixed this with
caps and a short fuse; then he
tamped the dirt back solidly on top
of it all. When he had finished, he
called Rusty.

  “Well, maybe since yuh got it
buried, it’ll be safe to come look,”
Rusty remarked grumpily.

  The little Ranger scrambled up
to where Hungry sat waiting. Rusty
eyed the place where his lanky part-
ner had planted the deadly explo-
sive; then he reached disgustedly for
tobacco and papers.

  Hungry was just starting to ex-
plain his plans, when Rusty bounded
back to the edge of the high bank
and flashed a gun from his holster.
The peppery little redhead thumbed
back the hammer and peered at a
spot a couple of hundred yards
down the short canyon.

  “I reckon thet’ll about be the spy
our bartender amigo sent to keep
tab on us,” Hungry remarked.
Two Cow-punch Rangers

13

“Don’t shoot ’im. I figgered he’d be
showin’ up soon.”

  “Why shouldn’t I shoot ’iih?”
Rusty demanded in great disgust.
“Hyar I got me an easy shot at a
feller thet’s trailin’ us, an’ yuh don’t
want me to kill ’im. Of all the fool
notions I ever heard tell of, yuh
seem to git the foolishest.”

  “Let ’im snoop around till he gits
’im an eyeful,” Hungry replied care-
lessly. “Set down hyar, an’ I’ll tell
yuh what we’re going to do.”

  Rusty glared reluctantly toward
the spot where the Mexican spy lay
hidden. The little Ranger grunted
angrily and slammed his gun back
into his holster. With a rebellious
glare in his snapping blue eyes, he
plumped himself disgustedly down
upop a boulder to listen.

  Rapidly, but in as few words as
possible, Hungry outlined what he
had in mind. As he talked, Rusty’s
face gradually took on an expression
of admiration and glee. At the fin-
ish, he slammed his brown fist upon
his knee and cackled outright.

  For sheer boldness and cold nerve,
Hungry’s scheme aroused Rusty’s
undisguised admiration. The little
ex-cowpoke had a decided respect
for old dynamite which might ex-
plode too soon, but when it came
to gun fighting with outlaws, Rusty
was ready to declare himself in on
that to the finish.

  “If a chance bullet don’t wipe us
out, we’ll land the whole gang.”
Rusty grinned. “Let’s git back; so
we can kid thet spy along.”

  Hungry knocked over a rabbit
with his six-gun, and they broiled it
for dinner. Several times that
afternoon, they noticed their horses
snorting and glaring at something
which was hidden in the fringe of
brush that lined the tiny arroyo.

 The two Rangers exchanged
knowing glances. Hungry smiled at

the look of unholy glee on Rusty’s
wizened face. They knew it was
the spy who was watching them.

  Late in the afternoon, as the sun
began to sink like a flaming red ball
toward the western horizon, the
horses quieted down. By this, the
partners knew that the spy had gone
away to report.

  They ate an early supper of rock-
squirrel meat; then they carefully
cleaned and loaded their guns. They
built a good fire in the cabin stove
and heaped plenty of half-green
wood into it, so that they would
cause an abundance of smoke.
Hungry wanted any watcher to feel
certain this was a permanent camp.

  When night settled down, still and
black, the cowboy Rangers resad-
dled their horses and led them up
close behind the cabin, where they
left them standing with bridle reins
dropped. This done, Hungry began
leisurely filling his pockets with the
dynamite sticks to which he had at-
tached the extremely short fuses.

  When little Rusty noticed what
his lanky partner was doing, he
scrambled hurriedly to his feet and
went scuttling around the corner of
the cabin. At a safe distance, he
glanced warily back and let out a
snort of disapproval.

  “Feller, if yuh insist on messin’
with thet stuff, keep away from me,”
he snapped angrily. “I don’t mind
dyin’, but I’ll be etarnally danged if
I want to do it in pieces. I want to
git me a whack at them Ghost
Riders ’fore I pass out, anyhow.”

  “Yuh’ll git a whack at ’em,” Hun-
gry said quietly.

  “Will I?” Rusty grunted sarcas-
tically. “I might, if they happened
to be in the way when I git blowed
out of the canyon. I’m warnin’
yuh to keep away from me with thet
stuff. I ain’t cravin’ to be spattered
all over them outlaws.”
14

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  The lanky, lantern-jawed Hungry
sighed dolefully and reached a freck-
led hand for his chewing tobacco.
He eyed little Rusty’s fighting face
reproachfully for a moment; then he
gnawed off a chew and lazily re-
turned the plug to his hip pocket.

  He had just leaned back against a
convenient boulder and settled his
gaunt frame comfortably, when,
without warning, one of the horses
snorted sharply, and both of them
threw up their heads. Hungry
bounded to his feet as Rusty shot
past him and leaped into the saddle.

  “Hbld on thar!” Hungry called
softly. “Don’t yuh use the horse.
They’ll hyar yuh. Better circle ’em
on foot. Run an’ git yer matches
ready.”

  “Yuh reckon it’s them Ghost
Riders?” Rusty whispered.

  “Bound to be. No one or two
men’d come to tackle us,” Hungry
said. “We’ve made thet bartender
think we was too tough. I bet yuh
the whole Ghost Rider band is hyar
after us in full force.”

  Rusty’s wizened face twisted in a
grimace of extreme pleasure. He
nodded and jumped lightly to the
ground. In another instant, he was
scuttling away in the darkness to-
ward where Hungry had planted the
huge charge of dynamite.

  Hungry led both horses back into
the brush, then he lay down behind
the cabin. Suddenly he caught the
faint click of hoofs. Flattening him-
self still lower, so as to bring every
object between himself and the
starry sky, he waited.

CHAPTER VII.

ONLY ONE GANG.

pOR a little while, everything was
quiet, but that very stillness
shrieked a warning. Presently there
came a slight scraping sound, as of a

thorn rasping across leather. A
shadowy form emerged silently,
stealthily, from the fringe of bushes
near the arroyo.

  Hungry smiled mournfully and
watched. Close on the heels of the
first Ghost Rider, he saw the rest of
the murderous band come creeping
out of the shadows. They had left
their horses farther down the canyon
and were trying to steal upon the
cabin afoot.

  The cowboy Ranger had seen
enough. The Ghost Riders had
come to rob and murder them for
the gold they were supposed to have.
Everything was going just as he had
planned.

■ Hungry wasted not a second.
Now, to work the scheme he had in
mind. He bounded to his feet and
darted into the cabin. He grabbed
up a stick he had purposely thrust
into the front of the little stove.
The end of this mesquite stick
glowed in the light of the dark room.

  Hungry blew his breath upon the
stick to keep it glowing; then he held
it in front of him as he ducked
through the door and around the
corner.

  Closer and closer came the creep-
ing outlaws. The starlight gleamed
dully on drawn six-guns, on belt
buckles, conchas, and brass car-
tridges in the crisscrossed belts.
Every outlaw wore a black mask
tied across his face, and hat brims
were pulled down to hide their eyes.
Hungry was sure he saw the bar-
tender’s thick figure in the band.

  At that instant, from down the
canyon, an owl hooted dismally. A
second later, it hooted again,
sharply.

  Hungry smiled. That supposed
owl was little Rusty.

  “Rusty’s got to his place an’ is
standing ready.” Hungry muttered
softly. “Hyar goes!”
Two Cow-punch Rangers

15

  He jerked one of the sticks of dy-
namite from his pocket. Holding it
carefully in his left hand, he softly
blew upon his stick which he held in
his right. Suddenly he stiffened.

  “Halt thar, hombres!” he barked
loudly. “Hands up, an’ make it
pronto!”

  A chorus of startled yells greeted
this, and a crashing volley from
their ready guns hurled dust and
bits of rock from the corner of the
cabin where Hungry’s head had
been. A hoarse shout from their
leader, and the Ghost Riders lunged
forward.

  “I offered ’em a chance,” Hungry
grunted, as he jammed his glowing
stick against the end of the fuse,
then hurled the sputtering dynamite
at the charging outlaws. “I reckon
thet’ll give ’em somethin’ to study
about.”

  Wha-a-m! The ground shook as
an earth-jarring blast, for a second,
lighted the scene of conflict.

  Blistering oaths, yells and screams
of pain burst from the astounded
ruffians. The survivors scattered
and ripped a hail of bullets at the
fighting Ranger.

  Hot lead from fanned Colts show-
ered leaves from the bushes, zipped
through the tall grass, flattened or
glanced from the cabin wall and
whined spitefully off into the dark-
ness. But Hungry had already
darted aside and was even now hold-
ing his glowing coal to a second
stick of dynamite.

  B-o-o-m! Before Hungry’s fuse
ignited, there was a roar from down
the canyon. The mesa rim was illu-
minated as if by lightning.

  In the blinding glare, a wall of
earth seemed to leap into the air as
from a volcano. Dust, gravel, dirt,
and debris for an instant blotted out
the starlight, as the brown mass
seemed to hover in the heavens.

   Suddenly, with the jarring thun-
 der of a roaring waterfall, it came
 down. The wall at the narrow pass
 toppled for a moment, then settled
 like an avalanche on top of it, and
 a choking haze billowed above the
 ' spot.

   A satisfied smile wreathed Hun-
gry’s homely face. Rusty had let
off the dynamite at the narrow point
of the trail where Hungry had
buried it. Now the trail was effec-
tually blocked, and not an outlaw
could escape, except by climbing
over the wall of dirt- in the face of
little Rusty’s belching guns.

   But as yet the murderous ruffians
 had no thought of escape. They far
 outnumbered their intended victims,
 and they meant to gun them both
 without mercy.

   Like darting fireflies, their flam-
 ing Colts winked luridly in the dark-
 ness. Bullets hummed and whined
 about Hungry’s crouching form,
 flattened against rocks and boulders,
 stinging him with cutting slivers of
 hot lead.

  Again Hungry held his glowing
coal to a stick of dynamite. As it
caught, with a hiss, he hurled it to-
ward the thickest of his foes.

   Ban-n-g! Brush, stones, and dirt
 burst into the air, and howls echoed
 from the Ghost Riders.

  A bullet jerked Hungry’s som-
brero around on his head; another
grazed his ear, and a crimson stream
dripped upon his shoulder. He
shook his head and reached for his
holstered Colts.

  The Ghost Riders were now
spread out before him like a fan,
and his dynamite could not down
more than one of them at a time.
He could do that well with his six-
guns.

   Slowly, shooting with both hands
 at every flash of an enemy’s Colt,
 Hungry retreated stubbornly to the
16

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

 barricade of dirt where Rusty impa-
 tiently awaited him. Darting
 tongues of orange-red flame lanced
 toward him from hot gun muzzles
 as he ducked from rock to rock,
 pausing at each spot to rip an an-
 swering shot at the nearest of the
 Ghost Riders.

  “Lead them jaspers over hyar
where I can git me a whack at ’em,
too!” Rusty screeched. “Do yuh
want to be a plumb hog an’ enjoy all
the fun? Toll ’em over this way!”

  A hasty glance over his shoulder,
as he crouched behind a boulder to
reload his empty guns, and Hungry
saw Rusty’s head outlined between
him and the starry sky. Rusty was
peering down in the darkness, clutch-
ing a big Colt in each hand.

  Hungry snapped the loading gates
shut on his hot .45s and fired at the
nearest flash of an enemy’s gun.
The lanky Ranger was now sinking
at every backward step in the soft
dirt that blockaded the canyon
mouth. He had lost his mesquite
stick, with which he had been light-
ing the dynamite fuses.

  “Hey thar, yuh two hombres!”
came a hoarse bellow from a Ghost
Rider. “Surrender peaceable, an’
we’ll let yuh live!”

  “Yuh’ll do what?” Rusty yelped
from his perch above them. “Feller,
yuh’ve got a lot o’ gall fer a jasper
thet’s got one foot in Boot Hill
Cemetery an’ the other on a bacon
rind. Surrender yerself, an’ we’ll let
yuh live long enough to hang.”

  A chorus of hoarse oaths from the
Ghost Riders followed this. Guarded
calls came from different points;
then their spokesman yelled sav-
agely at Rusty.

  “What do yuh mean by offerin’ to
let us live long enough to hang?” he
bellowed. “Who aire yuh? Talk up
’fore we gun yuh an’ leave yuh fer
the buzzards!”

  “Texas Rangers, hombre. Texas
Rangers, that’s all,” Rusty cackled
happily.

  Startled gasps greeted this state-
ment. A snarled cry came from
back in the brush, and the Rangers
recognized the bartender’s voice.

  “Waal, there ain’t but two of
yuh,” the spokesman of the Ghost
Riders whooped.

  “Thet’s a plenty,” Rusty shot
back. “Yuh ain’t but one gang.”

CHAPTER VIII.

BY THE DYNAMITE TRAIL.

JNSTANTLY a hurricane of bul-
lets showered among the rocks be-
side him. Lying flat on his stomach,
guns thrust between two boulders,
Rusty fired at the flashes of the
Ghost Riders’ weapons.

  “Charge ’em, men!” came a roar
from the leader of the outlaws. “We
got to down ’em to reach our
horses.”

  A clump of boot heels, a ring and
clink of spur rowels; then, with wild
yells and guns flaming, the ruffians
burst from their cover. Hungry
jammed a match to a fuse and
hurled another stick of dynamite.
At its earth-jarring roar, he tore into
the outlaws with crashing Colts
while Rusty’s weapons roared de-
fiance from above him.

  With startled oaths, the outlaws
retreated and threw themselves
down in the brush. From there,
they poured a galling fire at the two
Lone Star Rangers who opposed
them.

  For hours, the battle raged; then
it slowed to a sniping contest. Time
after time, the Ghost Riders charged
and tried to get past the barricade.
But on each occasion, hurtling dyna-
mite and fanned Colts drove them
back to shelter.

  One side of little Rusty’s shirt was
                        WW—1D
Two Cow-punch Rangers

a crimson smear where a creasing
bullet had torn through the flesh
beneath an armpit and grazed a rib.
Hungry was hit in seven places, but
he was still fanning his guns at
every movement of,the enemy.

  As the first faint streaks of dawn
began to tint the eastern horizon, he
and Rusty saw the few remaining
Ghost Riders retreat toward the
cabin.

  The outlaws barricaded them-
selves inside and kept up a hot fire
through the cracks of the door and
through the open window.

  Hungry climbed painfully up be-
side Rusty, and the two pards crept
around the canyon rim to where
they could look down upon the
cabin. Hungry’s eyes were red-
rimmed from loss of sleep, and his
face was caked with sweat and dirt.
His left ear was badly swollen where
a bullet had torn through it, and he
had a crude bandage about his right
arm above the elbow.

  Rusty walked too near the edge
of the canyon wall, and a volley of
bullets fanned the air on all sides of
him. He ducked back and threw
himself flat upon the rim rock. He
was just lifting his Colts for a re-
turn shot, when Hungry croaked
hoarsely:

  “Roll back out of the way, little
pard. I’ve got two sticks of dyna-
mite left, an’ I’m figgerin’ to use
’em.”

  Rusty glanced wearily over his
shoulder as Hungry pulled the yel-
lowed sticks from his pocket. Fear
of the old stuff was gone now. He
knew that if they were going to ex-
plode too soon, they would already
have done so. Hugging the ground
and peering between two rocks, he
watched Hungry touch a match to a
short fuse.

  As the powder caught with a
snakelike hiss, Hungry bounded for-
WW—2D

ward and hurled the deadly missile
down toward the house, It struck
fairly upon the roof and rolled a few
feet, as if it meant to drop to the
ground. Suddenly pieces of the roof
seemed to leap into the air.

  A shattering rOar, and the walls
buckled outward. The door flew
several feet into the yard. For a
few moments, they could see nothing
for the huge cloud of dust that bil-
lowed above the spot.

  Hungry and Rusty jumped to
their feet and looked down warily.
Hungry was just reaching for his
tobacco, when two men reeled
drunkenly out of the wall of flying
dust.

  It looked as if these two survivors
of the outlaw gang were about to
fall. They staggered, and one of
them glanced up toward the two
Rangers.

  Suddenly they whipped up their
guns and flred. Hungry and Rusty
slapped guns from their holsters and
dropped the hard-bitten hombres be-
fore they could fire a second shot.

  “Well, I reckon thet job’s done
with,” Rusty said wearily.

  “Yeah, but we got another un
thet’s dang nigh as bad,” Hungry
replied mournfully. “We got to fig-
ger out some way o’ gittin’ our
horses over thet load o’ dirt we
blowed down in the canyon.”

  They were just starting to go
around where they could climb
down, when they caught the thud
of steel-shod hoofs. Rusty shot
Hungry a questioning glance and
snapped his smoke-blackened guns
from their holsters.

  There was a puzzled look on Hun-
gry’s doleful face. He shook his
head and, with a deep sigh, dropped
his hands warily to his gun butts
and waited.

  “Yuh reckon it’s more Ghost
Riders come to jump us?” Rusty
18

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

snapped over his shoulder, as he
dropped into a fighting crouch and
peered down the canyon.

  “Nope,” Hungry grunted, draw-
ing his guns and cocking them de-
terminedly. “I think we done ac-
counted fer them jaspers. I figger
this is some other gang—an’ I ain’t
got but one stick o’ dynamite left
to salute ’em with.”

  At that instant, a big crowd of
speeding riders came rocketing
around the bend of the canyon.
They were spurring their sweating
horses like mad, and every man held
a blue-barreled six-gun poised in his
right hand for instant shooting.

  “I’ll take thet fat hombre on the
right,” Rusty barked, lifting his
Colts. “Yuh can have yer choice of
the rest of ’em.”

  “Don’t shoot!” Hungry snapped.
He had just caught the flash of
badges on the riders’ flannel shirts.
“It’s the Rangers! Thet’s Cap Rob-
erts out thar in front. I reckon
they’ve come huntin’ us.”

  “Hey, there!” the captain called,
as he recognized his two new re-
cruits. “What’s the meanin’ of thet
shootin’ we been hearin’ all night?
It sounded like a young war. Where
was it, an’ what was happenin’?”

  “It was nothin’ but us an’ them
Ghost Riders,” Hungry yawned
sleepily.

  “Was they usin’ cannon?” the cap-

tain demanded sharply. “It sounded
like it. We heard it plumb back to

camp.”

  “Nope. Thet was dynamite, an’
we used ’er plumb plenty,” Rusty
said, grinning. „“Thet big old he-
shot yuh heard was when we let off
thirty sticks at onct. We plumb
scrambled them Ghost Riders.”
“Yuh what?” the captain yelled.

“Yuh mean-”

  What he meant to say ended in a
gasp of amazement, as he stared
speechless at the two cowboy re-
cruits. Mouth open, he looked from
them to the huge mass of dirt and
debris which blocked the canyon.

  “The Ghost Riders!” the captain
ejaculated. “Where aire they?
Which way did they go?”

  “Waal, I seen two or three of ’em
goin’ all kinds of ways,” Rusty re-
marked truthfully. “Them as sort
o’ held together when they was abol-
ished is waitin’ in thar fer yuh to
plant ’em. The whole band ha^ de-
parted this life of sin an’ cussedriesss
an’ the most of ’em went by the
dynamite trail.”

  Fer two raw recruits in the Rangers,
Hungry an’ Rusty have started out plumb
well. An’ we’re goin’ ter hear a hull lot
more from them two. In fact, they’ll be
slingin’ lead an’ burnin’ leather right
along from now on. Watch fer the story
about their next thrillin’ adventure. It’ll
be in Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly
soon.
The Whistlin’ Kid’s
Injun Brand

By Emery Jackson

Author of “The Whistlin’

RIDING a dim trail which
wound through the stunted
chaparral, the “Whistlin’ Kid”
approached a gray-walled, rambling
adobe casa.

  While still a hundred yards dis-
tant, he rained his big, speedy-look-
ing buckskin gelding to a halt.

  Low notes of the mournful “Cow-
boy’s Lament” came from his puck-
ered lips as he slowly surveyed the
casa, its outbuildings, and corral.

  It was a wild section of the border
country. And this isolated casa bore
a bad name and reputation. It was
La Posada de los Fugitivos—the Inn
of Fugitives—or in plain range lan-
guage, it meant a roadhouse where

Kid’s Outlaw Trail,” etc.

hombres on the dodge stopped for
food and rest, or a change of horses,
while making their get-away across
the Mexican border.

  The Kid was not deceived as to
the character of the place. It was
in the line-of his work, as a range de-
tective for the Cattlemen’s Associa-
tion, to secure information regarding
such places. “To catch range
crooks, you got to know their hang-
outs” was a saying of the C. A. serv-
ice.

  The keen, dark eyes of the Kid
missed nothing of what was in sight
around him. Least of all did he
overlook that other rider who was
coming across the sage flat.
20

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

 “That hombre has sure been
pounding the trail to-day,” mut-
tered the Kid to himself, noting with
expert eyes the tired gait of the on-
coming bay broncho.

  With a light pressure of the knees,
the Kid sent his buckskin fox-trot-
ting toward the casa.

  Since dawn, the Kid had been rid-
ing at an easy gait from the west-
ward. And now the sun was setting
in golden splendor behind a far-dis-
tant range of sawtooth mountains.

  It was a call for help received
by the C. A., from a big Eastern cat-
tle company owning the Rocking R
Ranch, which had brought the Whis-
tlin’ Kid to this lonely, desolate sec-
tion of southern New Mexico. The
Kid had been a cow-puncher before
becoming a range dick. He had
helped trail a herd of Mexican long-
horns through here a few years pre-
vious. And the lay of the land was
still clear in his mind.

  To the northward, beyond the
wide-stretching sage flat, was mal-
pais—rugged bad lands which the
Kid knew was the haunt of outlaws.
That knowledge was sufficient to
arouse his interest in the hombre
who came riding down toward La
Posada de los Fugitivos.

  The Kid reined up his buckskin in
front of the posada. Evidently he
had struck the place at a time when
business was slack. There were no
horses at the hitch rail. Swinging
down out of the saddle, the Kid left
his own mount standing with
dropped reins while he strode
through the open door of the can-
tina.

  As he had expected, the low-ceil-
inged barroom was empty of cus-
tomers. A Mexican mozo was lazily
rolling a keg of aguardiente from a
rear room. Behind the bar which
filled one side of the gloomy room,
the fat, pock-marked Mexican pro-

prietor, Juan Quintero, sat on a high
stool. Apparently Quintero had
been dozing away the time in a
siesta, for he only half opened a pair
of little rat eyes as the Kid entered.

  Yet the young range dick could
have sworn that he had glimpsed a
dark, pitted face peering at him
through the shutters of a casement
window as he rode up to the posada.

  “You ain't foolin’ me none, hom-
bre,” the alert Kid told himself, as
he moved toward the bar. “You got
a plenty tough joint here, but I don’t
aim to let you put nothin’ over on
me.” v

  The fat keeper of the posada slid
off his stool and grinned evilly at his
youthful customer. Here was a
gringo to be fleeced of his belongings.
But it would have to be done care-
fully, Quintero shrewdly decided, as
he sized up the Kid.

  The latter’s deeply tanned, hawk-
ish face, with its high cheek bones,
bold, outspringing beak of a nose,
and rugged, fighting jaw, gave warn-
ing that he was not one to submit
tamely to rough treatment.

  “Give me a bottle of ginger ale,
and a glass of water for a chaser,”
was the Kid’s surprising order.

  Quintero was plainly disturbed by
his customer’s failure to order high
liquor, not knowing that it was
something the Kid never touched.
He rattled off a string of Spanish
words, shrugging his thick shoulders
to emphasize his meaning.

  “What’s all the gabble erbout?”
asked the Kid, pretending not to un-
derstand Spanish. “If you want to
argy with me, talk American.”

  “There ees no geenger ale,” said
the posadero—innkeeper—who had
counted on a few drinks of potent
tequila to make the Kid helpless.

  “Waal, then, I’ll take jest plain
water,” persisted the Kid. “And you
can give me a sack of makin’s.”
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

21

  Quintero’s fat face wore a sneer
as he set out a glass of none-too-clear
water and then tossed a sack of to-
bacco and cigarette papers on the
bar.

  Laying down a coin, the Kid lei-
surely proceeded to roll and light a
quirly.

  He was still smoking when the
rider from the north arrived, a few
minutes later.

  Without seeming to take any in-
terest in the new arrival, the Kid sat
down at a table in a dim corner of.
the barroom. From that position,
he could not only watch what went
on inside the cantina, but through a
casement window at his elbow, he
could see the hitch rail in front.

  It was characteristic of the Kid
that his gaze went first to the brand
on the stranger’s tired bay horse.
Watching brands was an important
part of his job. Many a clew to rus-
tling operations had been picked up
in that way.

  “Thet’s a Rockin’ R iron mark on
thet bronc’s shoulder,” the Kid mut-
tered to himself, as he made out the
brand faintly through its coating of
dried sweat and alkali dust.

  It was a horse belonging to the big
outfit which had appealed to the
C. A. for the services of a range
detective. Could that tough-look-
ing hombre who swung stiffly down
from the saddle be one of their rid-
ers? More likely he had stolen that
horse, thought the Kid, as he
watched the hombre stalk into the
cantina, with clanking spurs.

  Nor had the Kid failed to note
the swift, expert glance which the
newcomer bestowed on Speed, the
big buckskin, as he passed it.

  Tilting his chair back against the
adobe wall, the Kid pretended to
doze. But all the while, he was siz-
ing up the stranger through slitted
eyelids.

  The two six-guns, with notched
butts, that hung low on the hom-
bre’s thighs marked him as a killer.
Big and powerful, black-browed,
with fancy silver trimmings on chaps
and sombrero, he was a half-breed,
the Kid decided.

  Quintero, the innkeeper, addressed-
the hombre familiarly by the nick
name of “Panchito” as he served him
a brimming glass of raw tequila.
Evidently these two knew each other
well.

  A rapid exchange of rough border
Spanish followed between the two
men on opposite sides of the bar.
This was not lost on the kid, who
spoke the language of Mexico flu-
ently, although he had allowed the
fat posadero to think that he did
not understand it. Both hombres
glanced at the Kid as they talked.

  It was apparent from their re-
marks that they considered the
young gringo of no importance. Be-
sides being asleep, he was unable to
savvy their lingo. So, over several
drinks of strong tequila, they grew
confidential.

  Then the listening Kid learned
that the two hombres were brothers-
in-law. He heard them laugh, as
Panchito told how he had stolen the
money which the gang of rustlers to
which he belonged had cached in
their hideout in the malpais. And
how he had taken the fastest horse
from their stolen herd and made a
safe get-away. He would be in
Mexico in a few hours, with enough
money to last him for months of
riotous living.

  The Kid pretended to rouse him-
self from his siesta in the corner of
the cantina. He had heard all that
he needed to know. A course of ac-
tion had swiftly shaped itself in his
mind.

  Whistling a few doleful notes of
‘The Cowboy’s Lament,” he went to
22

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

the bar and asked the posadero re-
garding feed for his buckskin and a
meal and lodgings for himself.

  Quintero seemed slyly pleased
over the idea of having the Kid for
an overnight guest. He smirked his
satisfaction, ordering a lazy mozo to
take the horse around to a corral
in the rear of the posada.

  But the Kid never allowed any
one other than himself to care for
the faithful buckskin. Between the
young range dick and Speed there
was a deep bond of affection, ce-
mented by the many dangers which
they had shared together. Going
out to the hitch rack, the Kid led his
horse to the corral, where he fed,,
watered, and rubbed down the cay-
use.

  Upon his returning to the cantina,
the Kid was directed to a rear room,
adjoining the kitchen, where a slat-
ternly Mexican woman served him a
meal consisting of chile con carne
and tortillas made of ground corn
and water. Here he was quickly
joined by Panchito, the half-breed
rustler, and Quintero.

  Darkness had fallen by the time
the Kid had finished eating. He
went back to the cantina, leaving
Panchito and the posadero still wolf-
ing down great quantities of the
heavy food.

  After whiling away an hour play-
ing solitaire and smoking brown-pa-
per quirlies, the Kid rose to his feet,
yawned, and requested Quintero to
show him a place to sleep.

  Without seeming to notice any-
thing that went on around him, the
Kid’s alert eyes caught the quick
glances of satisfaction that passed
between the fugitive outlaw and the
fat posadero. The latter hastened
to show his guest to a small bedroom
located on the far side of the ram-
bling adobe casa.

  Instead of turning in to sleep on

the rough, rawhide-covered bed, the
Kid barred the door as soon as his
host had departed, then blew out the
coal-oil lamp and turned to the one
small window which opened into a
large patio, or courtyard.

  It was pitch dark outside, which
was all the better for the Kid’s pur-
pose. He felt sure that the evil-
eyed innkeeper and his cutthroat
brother-in-law had devised some
wicked scheme, with himself as the
victim. So it was up to the Kid to
be on guard.

  And not only did the Kid intend
to forestall any offensive move on
the part of his enemies, but he had
a scheme of his own to carry out, of
which the capture of the burly Pan-
chito was an important part.

II.

  The Kid had no difficulty getting
out of the window. And once out-
side the casa, he was able to make
his way across the patio without
delay or discovery, thanks to obser-
vations taken earlier in the evening.

  Loosening his Colt .45 in its hol-
ster on his thigh, the Kid went
straight to the adobe corral at the
rear of the casa. He had a strong
hunch that Panchito had designs on
Speed, the buckskin. The animal
was valuable, and undoubtedly the
fugitive rustic had expertly sized it
up as possessing unusual speed and
stamina.

  Nor had the Kid long to wait for
proof of the correctness of his hunch.
Hardly had he got settled to watch
from behind a heavy, two-wheeled
carreta near the corral gate, when
he saw the bulky figure of Panchito
outlined for a moment in the light
from an open door in the rear of
the casa.

  Then the clank of spurs and the
muffled tramp of footsteps on the
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

23

sandy ground told of the approach
of the rustler. The darkness was
intense. Only because the hombre
was erect and moving, could the Kid
barely make out his blurred form as
he drew close.

  Within ten feet of the watching
young range dick, Panchito stopped.
And then the Kid saw that the half-
breed carried a reata, was building a t-
loop.

  The buckskin was standing quietly
at the corral gate, having sensed
that its master was near. The big
gelding’s uplifted head was dimly
skylighted against the horizon.

  Panchito’s hand suddenly jerked
up and forward in the motion of an
overhand throw of the reata. The
loop hissed as it shot straight at
Speed’s head. Then it settled and
was jerked taut.

  “Hawss thief, huh?” The Whis-
tlin’ Kid’s voice cut sharp and cold
through the still, dark night.

  “Quien es? Who are you?” came
back in startled Spanish.

  “I’m the owner of that caballo
you’re tryin’ to steal,” snapped the
Kid, speaking also in Spanish.

  The half-breed must have sensed
his danger on the instant. For he
dropped the reata and dived head-
long into the black shadow of the
corral wall.

  The Kid was likewise perfectly
concealed. For a moment, neither
man moved.

  Then Panchito began to crawl
noiselessly, changing his position for
added safety, and at the same time
getting closer to his intended prey.
He figured that he knew about
where the Kid was; that he must be
between the old wooden-wheeled
carreta and the corral wall. He
aimed to empty his six-gun into the
troublesome young ranny as soon as
he was sure of his exact location.

  Moving like a cat through the

darkness, Panchito drew nearer to
the Kid. He almost stopped breath-
ing, so intent was he in stalking his
enemy.

  Then suddenly he ran into a dog
that had been sleeping on a pile of
empty grain sacks beside the corral
wall. The frightened animal gave »
yelp as it fled from the spot.

  If the half-breed had called out,
he could not have revealed his posi-
tion more surely than the dog had
done. Desperate, he jerked up his
gun and began blazing away at the
narrow space between the carreta
and the wall. With a little luck, he
might score the first hit.

  But the answering roar of gunfire
came from the other side of the car-
reta. The Kid, also, had shifted his
position.

  Panchito tried to suppress a cry of
pain, and only partly succeeded. He
had been hit hard. He attempted to
swing his heavy gun around, to line
it on the spot where the lurid flashes
of orange flame betrayed the fight--
ing Kid’s location.

  But two more slugs of hot lead
thudded into his burly body. He
groaned hoarsely, tried to rise to his
feet, and fell forward on his face.

  During the moment of silence that
followed, an alarmed voice called
from the rear door of the posada.

  “Oye, Panchita! What has hap-
pened?” It was Quintero, the posa-
dero, calling.

 The Kid remained silent. He
wasn’t taking chances on the half-
breed rustler’s being alive and able
to pull trigger. There was no way
of telling in the darkness whether he
had scored a fatal hit or not.

  Quintero stepped back in the casa,
returning in a moment with a lighted
lantern. He came waddling straight
for the corral, his fat body looming
in the flickering rays of the lantern.

  Suddenly the posadero halted,
24

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

lifted his lantern and peered at a
huddled form on the ground.

 “Caramba! Mnerto—dead!” As
he exclaimed, Quintero glanced fear-
fully around him.

  The watching Kid stepped quickly
forward into the circle of yellow lan-
tern light.

  “This here brother-in-law of yours
was an hombre malo, a reg’lar bad
man,” said the young range dick,
using the border Spanish which was
Quintero’s native tongue. “He tried
to steal my hawss and figgered to
kill me fer interferin’, only I beat
him to it.”

  “You—you-” Quintero’s ugly,

bloated face twisted in an evil snarl
as he stuttered his rage and hatred
of the hawk-featured young gringo
who had so effectually upset the
scheme which he and his cut throat
relative had expected to put over.

  “Don’t speak out o’ your turn,
hombre,” warned the Kid coldly.
“Hold thet lantern so’s I kin see
what this thief has got in his pock-
ets.”

  Fearful of what his own fate might
be, Quintero held the light above
the remains of the half-breed.

  Working swiftly, the Kid took
three big rolls of currency and a
small bag of gold coins from the dead
outlaw’s pockets.

  “He was sure makin’ a rich haul,”
said the Kid, estimating that there
must be several thousand dollars of
the loot. “But seein’ as he won’t
have no more need of this dinero I’ll
take charge of it fer a while.”

  “You gringo diablo!” sputtered
Quintero, unable to contain his rage
at sight of all that money going into
the possession of a hated Americano.

  “Go easy on thet line of talk! I
ain’t tellin’ you ag’in. Now call
your mozo and have him saddle up
the rustled caballo this hombre
rode.”

  Wondering at the strange order,
the fat posadero called loudly to his
Mexican servant.

  The Kid saddled his own buck-
skin, while he kept a watchful eye
on Quintero and the working mozo.
When both horses were ready, the
Kid compelled the innkeeper and his
helper to tie Panchito on the saddle
of the stolen bay broncho. The
money he put in the saddle pockets
of his own rig.

  “So long, hombres! Me and Pan-
chito are takin’ a li’le pasear up-
country!” announced the Kid, as he
swung into the saddle and took the
lead rope of the dead rustler’s
mount.

  Leaving Quintero and the mozo
standing in open-mouthed wonder
at the strange proceeding, the young
range dick rode away into the night.
Only the low whistled tune of the
doleful “Cowboy’s Lament”—a dirge
well suited to the occasion—floated
back to the cowardly Mexicans.

III.

  Day was breaking over the mal-
pais when the tired Kid neck-reined
his tough buckskin into the mouth
of a gloomy canyon.

  All during the night, he had
plodded steadily across the sage
flats, with the stark form of the dead
outlaw swaying in the saddle of the
bay broncho behind him.

  Onward through the shadowed
depths of the canyon, the Kid rode.
Although he well knew that he was
entering the guarded haunt of a des-
perate band of rustlers, the Kid
made no attempt at concealment or
even quietness. He whistled the
“Lament” as he rode, its melancholy
air mingling with the clop-clop of
Speed’s shod hoofs.

  “It’s best to let ’em know I’m corn-
in’,” reflected the Kid. “No tellin’
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

25

how many gun slingers is watchin’
the trail to them skunks’ hideout.”
It was a bold scheme that the
daring young cow dick was about to
try out. One slip would cost him
his life, once he was in the midst of
the notorious gang which the Kid
had heard was led by a desperado
known as “Bad-luck” Barton.

  And it seemed that he was due to
be with the outlaws in a very short
time. For as he was about to enter
a section of the canyon so narrow
that there was only room for one
horse in the trail, he was hailed by
a gruff voice directly above him.

  Reining his horse to a quick stop,
the Kid glanced upward. At first,
he could see nothing but a ledge of
rock, covered with stunted brush
which had its roots in little pockets
of earth held in the cracks.

  Then the voice came again, and
this time its owner showed his whis-
kered face and the muzzle of a car-
bine through the chaparral.

  “Where the heck yuh think yo’re
goin’, fella?” demanded the guard.

  The Kid stopped whistling and
answered with apparent unconcern:
“I was sort of aimin’ to run acrost
Bad-luck Barton, happen he’s still
hangin’ out in these here parts.”
“Huh! Yuh mightn’t be so danged
anxious tuh meet him, ifn yuh knew
what he does tuh snoopers,” growled
the black-bearded hombre.

  He kept his gun trained on the
Kid as he spoke. The light was
none too good in the depths of the
canyon as yet. Evidently he wasn’t
taking any chances on the new ar-
rival’s getting away from him.

  “Who’s thet layin’ acrost the back
of thet other bronc?” suddenly went
on the guard. He had just made
out the dim form of the dead out-
law, and became suspicious.

  “Thet’s a pal of yours, name of
Panchito,” coolly remarked the Kid.

  “Huh? What’s thet? Panchito?”
almost shouted the guard in amaze-
ment. “What happened? Whar did
yuh find him, an’ who are yuh?”

  JTf them questions of yours was
bullets, I’d be plumb riddled,”
chuckled the Kid. “I reckon the
best thing ter do is fer us both to
ramble erlong till we find Bad-luck,
and then I kin spill the yarn all ter
onct.”

  • Grumbling his impatience to learn
what astonishing news the Kid had
to tell, the hombre on the ledge
came scrambling down to the floor
of the canyon.

  “All right, come erlong, then,”
growled the guard. “But I’m warn-
in’ yuh thet yuh’ll never see the out-
side of this malpais ag’in. ifn there’s
anythin’ phony about yore yarn.”

  After passing through the wind-
ing, narrow cleft for a distance of
about a hundred yards, the Kid
found that it widened slightly. Here
a dun broncho, saddled and bridled,
was tied to a juniper tree.

  The bearded guard lost no time in
mounting the dun and spurring it
alongside the Kid’s buckskin.

  The Kid had been quick to note
the possibilities for defense of this
entrance to the riastlers’ hideout.
One well-armed guard could easily
have held off a posse at the narrow
passageway. It was easy to under-
stand why the cowmen had never
got inside the malpais to search for
stolen stock.

  The Kid and his surly guide cov-
ered upward of a mile at the. best
pace their horses could make on that
rough trail. Then the observant
Kid saw that they were entering a
good-sized open park. It was well
watered, as he could tell by several
clumps of willows that suggested
flowing springs. The grass was good,
also.

  It was an ideal spot for an outlaw
26

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

hideout, difficult to locate and prac-
tically safe from assault by an ordi-
nary posse.

  A roomy cabin stood near a small
grove of jack pines. Back of it was
a pole corral, in which a bunch of at
least a dozen saddle horses was
penned.

  The Kid’s quick glance took in
the whole layout, lingering for a mo-
ment on a goodly herd of fat steers
grazing over the park. The Kid was
an expert on everything pertaining
to brands; his duties as range detec-
tive for the C. A. made it necessary
that he should be able to read any
iron mark he ran across. The brand
on these steers was the same, a
Rocking R, the Kid quickly saw.

  “So fur, I’m gettin’ a break,” mut-
tered the Kid to himself with quiet
satisfaction. He was inside the rus-
tler hideout and had the proof of
their thieving operations before his
eyes.

  But to take advantage of his good
fortune was going to be a mighty
dangerous undertaking, as the Kid
well knew. In fact, he was going
to be put to an ordeal, during the
next few minutes, that was highly
charged with peril.

  “Bad-luck an’ the rest of the boys
is at grub pile right now,” explained
the guard gruffly, as he motioned for
the Kid to head for the cabin.

  “You been doin’ guard duty down
in the canyon all night?” queried the
Kid.

  “Uh-huh. I’m s’posed to be re-
lieved soon’s the gang gits done with
breakfast. Bad-luck will send an
hombre high-tailin’ it down there
pronto when he sees me. He don’t
take no chances of havin’ a passell
of cowmen run in on him.”

  “Right smart chief you got.” The
Kid nodded.

  He was wondering just how clever
an hombre this Bad-luck was. Prob-

ably that queer nickname had come
to him because of the trouble he
caused others, not on account of any
misfortunes of his own.

  “Waal, I got to meet Mr. Bad-
luck Barton and pass his tests,” the
bold young range dick told himself.
“And likewise, should any one of
thet gang happen to ’a’ seen me
somewheres and know who I am, it’ll
sure cook my goose.”

  The Kid felt his veins tingle as he
rode up to the cabin door. Already
there were streaks of ruddy light in
the east that foretold an early rising
sun.

  As the Kid swung down from his
saddle, the cabin door opened, and a
half dozen of the toughest-looking
hombres the Kid had ever laid eyes
on came rushing out. Evidently one
of the gang must have glanced out
of the one dirty window and noted
the strange procession approaching
the cabin.

  Rough voices rose as oaths and
questions were hurled at the Kid.
Sight of the body of their former
comrade in crime brought exclama-
tions of wonder and curiosity to the
lips of the rustlers.

  In the midst of the tumult, an un-
dersized man came shoving his way
to the foreground. As this hombre
stopped and gazed at him, the Kid
felt a cold chill run down his spine.

  The fellow was as. wicked and
murderous looking as a weasel. His
little rat eyes seemed to look clear
through the young cow dick. De-
spite his small stature, it was easy
to see that he ruled the gang with
an iron hand. They slunk back
from him as they might have done
from a rattler.

  “This here’s Bad-luck hisself, and
he’s plumb pizen,” the Kid told him-
self, without having to hear the evil
name mentioned.

  “I brung this here young walloper
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

27

up tuh camp ’count of him packin’
Panchito along with him, chief,” ex-
plained the burly, bearded guard.

  It was plain that the big hombre
stood in awe of the little rustler
leader. He seemed to sense that he
was in for trouble because'of having
deserted his post in the canyon nar-
rows.

  “Yuh did, huh?” snarled Bad-luck
Barton, turning his angry gaze on
the guard. “Ruther than wait a few
minutes till the day guard came tuh
relieve yuh, yuh left the hull works
wide open fer a bunch of John Laws
tuh jump us.”

  Before the watching Kid—or any
of the outlaws, for that matter—
could realize what was happening,
the rustler chief jerked a heavy Colt
from its tied-down holster and fired
point-blank at the shrinking night
guard.

  A look of bewilderment spread
over the stricken outlaw’s bearded
face. His knees buckled, and he
crumpled down in a heap on the
hard ground.

  For a moment, there was not a
word spoken. The Kid was too
amazed for speech. Never had he
witnessed such stark ferocity as Bad-
luck Barton had just displayed. The
man was a demon when crossed.

  “Good riddance!” snapped the
rustler chief, glaring around at the
other members of his gang. “Him
an’ Panchito, both. Big Joe was a
fool, an’ the breed was yaller clean
through. The gang wasn’t safe as
long as either one of them coyotes
was alive.”

  Turning to one of the awe-stricken
hombres, Barton ordered him to
mount the dead guard’s horse and
hasten down to the narrows.

  Then suddenly switching his gaze
back to the Kid, the little outlaw
looked for a long moment into the
latter’s youthful, hawkish face.

  The Kid coolly returned the look.
He was whistling a few low notes of
“The Cowboy’s Lament” and wait-
ing to see what the murderous Bad-
luck’s reaction was going to be to
his presence there in the hideout.

  Apparently, the rustler chief was
making a mighty effort to identify
the new arrival. Yet Barton’s hard
face still wore a puzzled expression
as he gave up the mental struggle
and began to question the Kid:

  “Whar did yuh pick up this
double-crossin’ skunk? Yuh don’t
size up tuh be experienced ’nough
tuh be able tuh stop him in a gun
fight. Panchito was a fast gun
slinger.”

  “Him an’ me tangled down to La
Posada de los Fugitivos. Juan
Quintero’s joint, last evenin’,” said
the Kid.

  “Yeah, how come?”

  “He tried tuh steal my hawss.
Was aimin’ to make his get-away
acrost the border.”

  “How’d yuh know whar he was
from, an’ why’d yuh pack him back
-up here?” demanded Barton suspi-
ciously.

  “I overheard him an’ Quintero
talkin’,” answered the Kid. “Fig-
gered mebbe you’d like to see with
your own eyes what happened to
him.”

  “Yo’re right about thet,” snapped
Bad-luck sourly. “Ain’t but one
thing I’d ruther see than Panchito’s
carcass full of lead.”

  “Mebbe you’ll see thet one thing,
if you was to look in my saddle
pockets,” the Kid replied, with a
quick guess as to what the rustler
chief was referring to.

  “If yo’re foolin’ with me, thar’ll
be buzzard meat aplenty, hombre,”
said Bad-luck, with deadly threat in
his rasping voice.

  Whirling in his tracks, the little
rustler reached for the buckled strap
28

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

on the nearest pocket of the Kid’s
big stock saddle. Tense with in-
terest, the other outlaws craned
their necks to see what the result of
the search would be.

  Their amazement increased as
Barton pulled sheaf after sheaf of
greenbacks from the saddle pocket.
Then he stepped quickly around
Speed, the buckskin, and reached
into the other pocket. There he
found the bag of gold.

  “Fella, I reckon we owe yuh an
apology an’ a vote of thanks all at
the same time,” said Barton above
the clamor of the half-unbelieving
rustlers, who seemed unable to grasp
the idea of having a man return
money that he had once got his
hands on.

  “Fair ’nough,” said the Kid coolly.
“All I’m askin’ is a chanct to ride
with you hombres.”

  “We’ll do better’n thet,” declared
Barton, for the time being in high
good humor over the fate that had
overtaken the tricky half-breed and
the recovery of the stolen loot.
“Yuh’ll take Panchito’s place, have
his share of the money an’ his
hosses.”

  ‘^Thanks a heap,” said the Kid,
elated over the outcome of his dar-
ing venture. “And now, if you don’t
mind, me and my hawss will eat a
bite.”

IV.

 It was midday when the Kid
rolled out of a bunk in the cabin.
He had slept several hours and felt
fit to cope with any situation that
might arise. But just how he, sin-
gle-handed, was going to capture
half a dozen hard-bitten, desperate
rustlers was yet to be determined.

  The Kid was going over this
knotty problem in his mind, while
he whistled the mournful “Cowboy’s
Lament” and took long drags on a

brown-paper quirly, when Bad-luck
Barton entered the cabin.

  “Heard yuh whistlin’ thet grave-
yard tune of yores an’ thought I’d
come in an’ have a talk with yuh,”
said the rustler chief.

  The man’s little beady eyes never
left the Kid’s face for an instant
while he spoke. It gave the young
range dick a very uncomfortable
feeling. He sensed that Barton was
trying to place him, was groping in
his mind for the recognition which
had so far eluded him.

  “Fire away,” responded the Kid
calmly. “What’s on your mind?”

  “A herd of steers mostly,” Bad-
luck answered, with an evil grin.
“Got a bunch of Rockin’ R critters
out here eatin’ up all our grass, an’
cain’t figger out how tuh git rid of
’em.”

  “How come? Ain’t yuh been haz-
in’ wet cows acrost the border afore
this?” asked the Kid, with far
greater interest than he dared to
show.

  “Shore we have. But thet’s jest
it. The cowmen has got onto our
racket, an’ they’re guardin’ every
crossin’ of the Rio Grande, day and
night.”

  “You can blot the brands, can’t
you?”

 “Yeah, we done thet, too,”
growled Barton. “But we ain’t in
the cattle business reg’lar; don’t own
no registered brand. So them cow-
men is suspicious of any stock we
try tuh dispose of; want tuh hold
the critters while the brand is in-
vestigated.”

  “I reckon thet would worry you
plenty,” agreed the Kid. “But
there’s a way to beat thet game.”

  The quick-witted young cow dick
had seen the possibility of turning
the rustlers’ plight to his own ad-
vantage. More than ever, now that
he was again face to face with the
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

29

hard-bitten Barton, did he realize
the necessity of quick action in
whatever he hoped to do. At any
moment, some recollection of past
events might give the desperado the
clew he evidently sought as to the
Kid’s identity.

  The latter had been in many fights
with rustlers in various sections of
the Southwest range country, had
landed a lot of them in jail from
time to time. It was likely that
Barton had encountered the Kid at
sometime during his career of out-
lawry.

  But so far, the rustler had asked
no personal questions. It was con-
trary to the custom of the range
country.

  “Meanin’ which?” asked Bad:luck
Barton, with quick interest. “Yuh
got any scheme in yore head?”

  For answer, the Kid took a stub
of lead pencil from his pocket, leaned
over a scrap of wrapping paper on
the rough board table, and began
to draw.

  With curiosity brightening his lit-
tle rat eyes, Bad-luck Barton looked
over the Kid’s broad shoulder and
watched the moving fingers.

  “Fer heck sake, what do yuh call
thet?” the rustler finally asked.

  “Didn’t you ever see an Injun
brand?” asked the Kid, straighten-
ing from his task.

  “Cain’t say thet I did; but since
yuh mention it, I recollect havin’
heard a Mex Apache breed tell about
’em onct.” Barton nodded.

  “Waal, this here’s one,” said the
Kid. “With a runnin’ iron, you kin
disfigger any brand thet was ever in-
vented. Jest make some crazy
marks over it thet don’t mean noth-
in’ to nobody but the hombre thet’s
doin’ the rustlin’. It keeps the
rightful owner of the cow critter
from identifyin’ his own brand, and
at the same time, he can’t prove

nothin’ on the rustler, ’cause thet
smart hombre kin claim a mistake in
readin’ the brand as an alibi.”

  2 $ *

ROCKING ft BRAND INJUN ORAN®

  “A right slick trick!” exclaimed
Barton, with open admiration for
this clever new member of his gang.

  “Then let’s git to workin’ it,
pronto,” suggested the Kid. “I’m
r’arin’ to git busy.”

  “Me an’ yuh both, feller,” agreed
Barton. “Come on! We’ll git the
boys an’ start brandin’.”

  After roping their mounts out of
the corral, the rustler crew rode
across the grassy park to bunch the
cattle for brand-blotting.

  All the outlaws were in high spirits
after the scheme for outsmarting the
owners of the stolen cattle had been
explained to them by their leader.
It seemed to be a guarantee of
safety to all hands. There was a
chance for them to haze the herd
across the border without being
caught; but if they were stopped by
watchful cowmen, nothing could be
done to them.

  The rustlers reasoned that their
claim to the queerly branded cattle
would be as good as any one’s. No
cowman could rightly say what the
Injun brand really was, for the sim-
ple reason that it would mean
exactly nothing. Mistakes in read-
ing it would be certain. It was no
wonder that they fell for the idea.

  The Kid rode his buckskin beside
Bad-luck Barton, who was mounted
on a rangy roan gelding. The mo-
ment for which he had waited and
schemed was at hand.

  For the object back of the Injun-
brand idea which the Kid had sug-
gested to the rustlers was simply to
put them to work at branding, to
scatter them so that he could take
30

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

them one or two at a time, instead
of having to fight the whole gang at
the same moment.

  The rustlers quickly proved them-
selves to be expert cowhands. Under
Barton’s direction, they soon had
the steers bunched. The Kid joined
in the work. He had been a cow-
puncher before becoming a range de-
tective. His buckskin, Speed, was
a thoroughly trained cutting horse.

  Dripping wet with sweat, and
half smothered in the cloud of dust
that hung over them like a great
gray blanket, the rustlers worked at
putting the crazy figures shown
them by the Kid on the Rocking R
steers.

  The young range dick was on the
alert every moment for a chance to
catch the rustlers in such positions
that he could hope to overcome
them. But so well trained were they
that the operation of brand-blotting
went on like clockwork.

  There was no scattering of the
workers. Two hombres held the ex-
cited cattle from breaking away; two
cut out the steers and roped and
threw them close to the branding
fire; one man used the running iron
while a companion helped hold
down the struggling cow critter. Al-
ways two men were standing by,
resting and awaiting their turn to
relieve a couple of the workers.

  That pair of unoccupied rustlers
was the stumblingblock to the Kid’s
success. They had nothing to do
but watch what was going on around
them.

  The Kid was beginning to despair
of getting a break, when suddenly a
shift of the layout brought him his
chance. It was the turn of Bad-luck
Barton and a scar-faced hombre to
rest. Instead of remaining near the
scene of work, smoking and squat-
ting on their heels in the shade of a
jack pine, both men rode away.

Barton went back to the cabin to re-
plenish his supply of tobacco, while
his companion rode over to a spring
at some distance from the herd for
a drink.

  The Kid was handling the running
iron at the moment. One quick
glance around told him that now
was his time, if ever. The two men
holding the herd were on the far
side, completely hidden by the dust
cloud. The ropers were busy in the
herd. That left only the one hom-
bre who helped the Kid with the
branding.

  Smack! The long barrel of the
Kid’s .45 thudded alongside the rus-
tler’s head, just above the left ear.

  He went down without a sound,
out for many minutes to come.
Hastily the Kid dragged his victim
into the cover of some jack pines.

  Speed, the buckskin, was standing
close by. The Kid leaped into the
saddle. Fast action was demanded
now.

  Hardly had the daring young cow
dick spurred back to the brand fire,
when both ropers came charging up
with a bawling steer. As their horses
came to a plunging halt, the Kid
wheeled his buckskin beside them.
He had them covered before either
one realized what was happening.

  “Climb offn them broncs, keeping
your hands as far from your gun
butts as you kin get ’em!” sternly
ordered the Kid.

  Amazed at the startling turn of
events, the two rustlers slid out of
their saddles. Under the Kid’s
watching eyes, they led their mounts
over to the jack pines and left them
with dropped reins.

  Then they were quickly disarmed
and bound hand and feet with lass
ropes. The Kid did not trouble to
gag them. Their shouts would not
be heard above the noise of the near-
by cattle.
The Whistlin’ Kid’s Injun Brand

31

  In the saddle again, the Kid raced
around the milling herd. If his luck
held, he might catch the herd riders
one at a time.

  But instead, he came on them sit-
ting their horses side by side at the
edge of the dust cloud. Something
in his manner must have aroused
their suspicions, for as he threw his
six-gun on them, one hombre went
for his .45.

  Br-an-ng! Bang! Flashes of gun-
fire lanced the thick dust like light-
ning ripping through a thunder-
cloud.

  One hombre pitched headlong
from his saddle. The other dropped
his unfired six-gun and clung des-
perately to his saddle horn.

 “Five down and two to go!”
grimly muttered the fighting Kid.

  He urged the buckskin clear of
the dust. The final show-down had
come!

  Bad Luck Barton and the scar-
faced outlaw had heard the shots.
The waiting Kid saw them both
spurring madly toward the branding
ground. He knew they were dead
shots. And they were coming from
opposite directions, to catch him in
a murderous crossfire from their .45s.

  Suddenly the Kid wheeled his
buckskin toward the hombre coming
from the water hole. Speed snorted
wrathfully as the unaccustomed
sharp roll of spurs sent him plung-
ing at full stride to meet the outlaw
gunman.

  The scar-faced hombre was smart.
He jerked his mount to a sliding stop
and leaped from the saddle. With
his horse as a bulwark, he started
throwing lead at the approaching
Kid.

  Bending low in his saddle, the Kid
never slackened his headlong pace.
He was an expert shot from the back
of a running horse. All he needed
was the right range.

  Wham! At thirty yards, the Kid
cut loose.

  The top of the rustler’s head,
showing above the saddle,, was his
target. He saw the hombre sink
down in a limp huddle on the
ground.

  Just in time, the Kid whirled his
horse to meet a savage attack from
the rear. Bad-luck Barton was
charging down on him like a whirl-
wind, throwing lead from a six-gun
in each hand.

  A bullet zupped through the high-
peaked crown of the Kid’s gray Stet-
son. With a noise like a buzz saw
striking a pine knot, another slug
glanced from the steel horn of the
Kid’s saddle. Bad-luck had his
range!

  The Kid’s dark eyes were gleam-
ing with the light of battle. With
the flashing speed of a striking rat-
tler, his gun hand whipped up. The
Colt .45 it held roared once.

  “I know yuh now, yuh snoopin’
cow dick! Yo’re Pete Prentiss, the
Whistlin’ Kid, undercover man fer
the C. A.,” weakly snarled Bad-luck
Barton, as he looked up at the
darkly tanned, hawkish face of his
captor. “I seen yuh a couple of
years ago, when yuh broke up Dirk
Conway’s gang over on the Rio
Blanco.”

  The Kid finished binding a strip
of cotton shirt over a shoulder
wound of the venomous rustler chief.

  “Yeah, you named me correct,
hombre,” he said. “Too bad fer you
thet you couldn’t recollect sooner
where you’d seen me afore. This
is one time bad luck comes home to
you. It’ll cost you plenty.”

  An hour later, the Kid herded a
crestfallen band of prisoners out of
the malpais. All were headed for
jail or the hangman’s noose,

  The Kid was in good humor, de-
32

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

spite the fact that he was whistling
the doleful “Cowboy’s Lament.”
“Injun brand!” he softly chuckled.
“Reckon Injun sign would ’a’ been
more fittin’ to call it.”

Hangin’ Injun signs on rustlers is the
Whistlin’ Kid’s job. But workin’ Injun

brands on stolen cattle don’t seem like
the right thing fer a C. A. cow dick ter
do, until yuh realize what a rustler
clean-up came from it. An’ the Kid’s
got a hull lot more good tricks up his
sleeve, too. He’ll pull some, with plenty
six-gun action, in the next story about
him thet’ll soon be in Street & Smith’s
Wild West Weekly.

COFFEE

CP

POT

AT A HUDSON’S BAY POST

  At the posts of the Hudson’s Bay
Co., even those in the most remote
and lonely regions, strict discipline
and an almost military routine are
observed.

  One year, an unusually early win-
ter paid a surprise visit to the
Northwest. The supply boat, taking
provisions to a far-off trading post,
was caught in the ice several hun-
dred miles from its destination.

  This meant that the factor and
his employees would be obliged to
live on fish and game—but princi-
pally fish—for several months.
When no supplies are left over from
the previous year, fish is sometimes
the only article of food at these
posts, and is served three times a
day.

  The officials and employees of the
company become so accustomed to
this fish diet that the most common
form of an invitation to dinner was
to say:

  “Will you come and eat fish with
me to-day?”

  On this occasion the factor was
lucky enough to have on hand a
large quantity of dried peas. These
were a luxury, and were served at
dinner only, fish being the one dish
at breakfast and supper.

  The factor was a strict disciplin-
arian, and ruled his post with mili-
tary precision. Every day his faith-

ful attendant would come and knock
at the door of the office, and in re-
sponse to a loud “Come in,” would
open the door and stand with un-
covered head.

  “Well, John, what is it?” the fac-
tor would say.

  “Please, sir, I’ve come to ask
what we are to have for dinner,”
John would answer respectfully, and
quite seriously.

  “Oh, yes, John,” the factor would
say, turning around in his chair,
“that is a very important matter.
Let me see—let me see. What did
we have yesterday, John?”

 To this John would reply
promptly, “Pea soup, sir.”

  “Why, of course, so we did. I re-
member now.” The factor did not
smile. “It was very good indeed—
excellent—so we will have pea soup
again to-day, John.”

  “Yes, sir!” John would back
away, close the door and depart to
prepare the appetizing meal.

  This daily interview was held be-
tween the factor and his attendant
every day for several months, until
the ice broke and the boat got in
with a change of diet.

  The conversation was repeated
with all becoming formality and
gravity, and no doubt the pea soup
tasted all the better for the cere-
mony with which it was served.

WW-2D
A Grubstake Fer Nugget

By Dean McKinley

Author of “Fool’s Gold On Cripple Creek,” etc.

THE racket in the Hourglass
bunk house sounded like a'
cattle stampede. With clump-
ing cow boots, three flannel-shirted
waddies were noisily dancing break-
downs that made the floor and walls
shake. Others sat on bunks and
boxes, clapping their hands in time
with the music. But the music—
you could scarcely hear it.

  That, however, was no fault of
the two musicians. “Absent” Mills
plunked his banjo mightily, his
round red face beaded with the
sweat of honest endeavor. But even
without the noise of the dancers and
hand-clappers, his puny instrument
didn’t have a chance against “Stut”
Hawkins’s drums and traps.

  For Stut was wielding his nimble
drumsticks on a snare drum on a
WW—3D

tripod between his knees, while he
worked a pedal with one foot that
pounded a small bass drum and a
cymbal at the same time.

  Nor was that all. Stut, before
coming to the Hourglass, had been
the trap drummer in the Piute
County Cowboy Band, and for that
job he had collected quite a com-
plete trap-drumming outfit. Now he
would blow a bird whistle, then pull
rosined strings in hollow wooden
shells and tin cans that produced the
bark of a dog or the moo of a cow.
Then he would twirl a deafening
rattle, his lengthy leg never letting
up on the pedal that worked the
bass drum and cymbal.

  It was doubtful if the long-faced
drummer knew what tune Absent
was plunking out; but that made no
34

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

difference to Stut. He just kept
going.

  But when Absent’s chubby fingers
drew away from the banjo strings,
that was Stut’s cue to stop, too. The
dancers and hand-clappers likewise
gave up the battle and paused for
breath.

  “Hooray!” yelled “Shorty” San-
ders. “Now give us ‘01’ Zip Coon,’
Absent! I declar’, I’m jest a-gittin’
warmed up.”

  The chunky little banjo player
scratched his bristly dark-brown
head.

  “I don’t recollec’ how she goes,”
he hesitatingly admitted, a far-away
look in his big blue eyes. “I-’

  “Y-y-y-you don’t recollec’ noth-
noth-nothin’,” Stut disgustedly told
him. “L-l-l-listen, yuh danged ab-
sent-minded ma-ma-maverick!” And
his lips puckered into a whistle that
made his gaunt bronzed face look
twice as long as it really was.

  Absent broke into a broad grin as
Stut whistled the air of “Old Zip
Coon.” His fingers again plunked
the banjo. Stut banged the snare
drum, pounded the bass drum and
cymbal, blew the bird whistle,
pulled the resined cord in the tin
can that produced the cow moo.
The dancers went into action; the
hand-clappers got in their hearty
afterbeats. The bunk house rocked
with the clamor.

  The door suddenly burst open,
and there, framed in the opening,
stood the “Old Man.” Absent’s
plunking on the banjo and Stut’s
banging on the drums abruptly
ceased. The dancers paused; the
hand-clappers quit. All eyes were
fixed on the rugged face and flowing
white mustache of the erect old
rancher who had so unexpectedly
burst in upon their revel.

  But the smile of Old Man Collins
and the twinkle in his kindly gray

eyes banished their fear that he had
come down from the ranch house to
reprove them for making too much
noise.

  “Sorry ter break up yore party,
boys,” he said. “I jest come down
ter tell yuh the news. Steve Perry
jest dropped in ter the house an’
told me the Apache Terror is out
raisin’ ructions ag’in.”

  “Huh!” grunted Shorty, mopping
his perspiring face on his red ban-
danna. “Thet ain’t news. Who’s
he kilt this time?”

  “Andy Grant,” replied the old
rancher.

  Sudden silence fell in the bunk
house. Eyes bulged, mouths gaped.

  “WThat?” Stut was the first to
exclaim, rising from his soap-box
seat, his drumsticks in his hands.
“Y-y-y-yuh mean Andy G-G-Grant,
o’ the B-b-b-box Diamond?”

  Old Man Collins nodded. “Found
him half dead in his ranch house.
Safe wide open, money he’d jest got
fer a shipment o’ steers gone. Lived
jest long enough ter tell ’em ’twas
the Apache Terror done it. Jumped
him when he was a-puttin’ the
money in his safe.”

  “By grizzlies, thet’s gittin’ danged
close ter home!” exclaimed “Tex”
Enfield, the foreman. “It’s the fust
time the Terror’s struck in the San
Madres foothills country. Any one
chasin’ him, Mr. Collins—the sher-
iff, a posse?”

  “Both,” replied the Old Man, tug-
ging at one end of his big white
mustache. “But ef they ketch ’im,
they’ll be the fust ever done it. Thet
Terror’s as smart as he is pizen.
Likely miles away in one o’ his hide-
outs by this time.”

  “Who was it yuh said he kilt?”
innocently drawled Absent, frown-
ing perplexedly as he leaned over his
banjo.

  “Yuh jest w-w-w-wakin’ up?”
A Grubstake Fer Nugget

35

barked Stut, his brown eyes flashing
with irritation at his banjo-playing
buddy’s dumb question. “Hold
s-s-s-still, an’ I’ll put yuh ter
s-s-s-sleep ag’in.” He waved a long
drumstick menacingly over Absent’s
round head.

  In spite of his suppressed grief
over the brutal murder of his neigh-
boring rancher, Old Man Collins had
to smile.

  “An’ thet ain’t all the news I got,”
he went on, as if to brush away his
sordid thoughts for a moment.
“Nugget Pearson’s latest gold mine
has turned out ter be another fizzle.
The minin’ engineers thet come out
ter look it over turned it down.”
“Wh-wh-wh-what?” Stut dropped
one of his drumsticks. “Yuh mean
thar w-w-w-wa’n’t no gold thar?”
“Not enough ter interest capital
ter dig it out,” replied the white-
haired rancher. “Yuh didn’t expect
Nugget had really struck a bonanza,
did yuh, Stut? Why, thet’s the
eighth time I know of thet Nugget’s
thought he’s struck it rich, only ter

have it turn out-”

  “An’ Stut an’ Absent grubstaked
him!” guffawed Tex, the foreman.
“Haw-haw! I warned yuh, Stut. I

told-”

  “It w-w-w-wa’n’t a grubstake,”
corrected Stut. “Ab-ab-absent an’
me had a h-h-h-hundred dollars
atween us, an’ we loaned it ter him.”
“An’ we was ter git shares in the
mine, ef he struck gold afore he paid
off thet loan,” explained Absent.
“Ain’t thet jest our luck? An’ me
plannin’ how I’d spend my money,
when I was a millionaire!”

  “Yuh g-g-g-got thet p-p-p-paper
Nugget give us, sayin’ as how we’d
sh-sh-sh-share in the m-m-m-mine?”
Stut asked his chunky buddy.

  “Me? ’Twa’n’t me he give it to.
’Twas you,” Absent replied.

  “Yuh m-m-m-moonstruck leppy!”

barked Stut, his dark, shaggy eye-
brows leveling. “ ’Twas you thet
kep’ thet paper. Now wh-wh-what
yuh g-g-g-gone an’ d-d-d-done with
it?”

  Absent fished in his pockets, then
got up and rummaged about in his
bunk. The Old Man and the Hour-
glass cowboys were shaking with
laughter. Flushing shamefacedly,
Absent returned to his lanky pard.

  “Hanged ef I know what become
of it.” He shrugged. “But what
good is thet paper goin’ ter do us,
ef Nugget cain’t sell his danged ol’
mine?”

  “Yuh overf-f-f-fed g-g-g-gopher!”
Stut’s brown eyes snapped. “Thet
p-p-p-paper’s our receipt fer thet
1-1-loan! We ain’t got nothin’ else
ter sh-sh-show thet we p-p-p-passed
over thet h-h-h-hundred bucks ter
him!”

  Absent grinned. “But Nugget’ll
pay us back, all right,” he said. “He
seems like an honest ol’ badger, an’
wouldn’t-”

  “Wh-wh-what do we know about
whether he’s honest or not?” re-
torted Stut. “We d-d-d-don’t know
no m-m-more about him than any
one else d-d-d-does round hyar. It
was his h-h-h-hard-luck s-s-story ter
us thet made us s-s-soft-hearted an’
loosen up in the s-s-saloon.”

  “Thet’s right,” agreed the fore-
man. “Nugget’s done consider’ble
prospectin’ round these parts, but I
reckon thar’s plumb few thet knows
much about him, he’s kep’ so much
by hisself. Yuh two was takin’ an
awful chance loanin’ him thet hun-
dred.”

  Absent scratched his bristly head,
and a smile wreathed his plump
cheeks.

  “Say, Stut,” he suggested, “what
would we do with thet hundred
bucks ef Nugget paid it back ter
us? We’d only blow it in foolish the
36

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

next time we went ter town. An’
jest now, I reckon ol’ Nugget’s as
much worried over how he’ll pay it
back as he is over his mine bein’ a

frost. He-”

  “Yuh d-d-d-don’t mean fer us ter
give him thet hundred bucks?”
Stut’s long chin dropped incredu-
lously.

  “Shore. Why not?” Absent’s in-
nocent eyes lighted up warmly. “I
reckon thar’s nothin’ we could do
thet’d tickle the ol’ man more.
Come on, Stut! Be a sport. Thet
hundred bucks—we’ll never miss it.
An’ ol’ Nugget couldn’t pay it back,
anyhow, so what’s the diff’rence?”
Stut stroked his thin long nose.
He grinned and nodded slowly.

  “Yeah, thet’s jest what we’ll do,
Absent,” he replied heartily.
“W-w-w-we’ll ride over ter-morrer
an’ tell the ol’ man his debt ter us
is w-w-w-wiped out. If we only had

thet p-p-p-paper ter give him-”

  “By grizzlies! Thet’s plumb fine
o’ yuh boys!” exclaimed the Old
Man. “I reckon thar ain’t nothin’
thet’d cheer Nugget up more, now
when he shore needs cheerin’ up.
Yuh kin both take the day off ter-
morrer ter tell ’im the good news.”
“An’ then yuh might celebrate by
havin’ Nugget go on a cougar hunt
with yuh,” humorously suggested
the foreman.

  “Say, thet’d be swell!” Absent
greeted the idea enthusiastically.
“But I never knowed Nugget was
a cougar hunter.” ,

  “He was once—an’ only once,”
chuckled the Old Man. “Didn’t yuh
ever notice them scars on Nugget’s
face? Waal, thet’s whar a cougar
clawed him. If thar’s anythin’ the
ol’ badger’s skeered of, it’s a cougar.
Yuh jest mention cougar ter him,
an’ he’ll walk off.”

  Absent glanced accusingly at the
grinning foreman. “Yuh was kiddin’

me,” he said, forcing a sheepish
smile.

   “No! R-r-r-really?” snorted Stut.
“Ab-ab-ab-absent, I d-d-d-don’t see
how any one c-c-c-could have the
h-h-h-heart!”

n.

  The next morning, Stut and Ab-
sent saddled up after breakfast and
rode for the little shack where old
“Nugget” lived in a lonely, rocky
hollow between two steep mountain
ridges. It was where the foothills
rose into the San Madres Range—a
wild, desolate region, barren of all
but the hardiest vegetation. Nobody
' but a solitude-loving old gold hunter
would ever have chosen such a spot
as his abode.

  While the two cayuses plodded
over the rocky trail between steep
little cliffs and gigantic boulders,
Stut called back to Absent:

  “Wh-wh-what say we stop at
N-n-n-nugget’s mine? We might
f-f-f-find him up thar.”

  “0. K.” Absent nodded. He had
rolled a brown-paper quirly and was
fishing in his chaps pocket for a
match. But instead, he drew forth
a folded paper.

  “I’ve found it, Stut!” he cried
jubilantly. “Nugget’s receipt!”

  Stut shook his head hopelessly,
turned his ;horse, reached out a
rangy arm.

   “I’ll t-t-t-take keer o’ thet paper,”
he said. “Yuh ain’t ter b-b-b-be
trusted with yore own undershirt!”
Pocketing the paper, Stut rode
along, Absent following in silence.
They branched off the trail, Stut
ahead, guiding his mount on a zig-
zag route between boulders and cliff
breakdowns, scattered here and
there with dwarf pinons and juni-
pers. Their horses’ hoofs clattered
on the smooth shale, cautiously pick-
ing their slippery footing.
A Grubstake Fer Nugget

37

  Stut reined in. “Thar she is—
Nugget’s mine!” He pointed to a
shoulder-high hole that gaped in a
broken-down wall of rock to his
right.

  “Gosh!” exclaimed Absent Mills.
“How’d the ol’ wampus ever gouge
thet hole out o’ sheer rock? I never
reckoned he’d put in so much work
on thet bum mine. An’ now ter
think it’s-”

  “Yuh d-d-d-didn’t think he dug it
all with a p-p-p-pick an’ shovel, did
yuh?” Stut pointed to a square red
box lying to one side of the mine
opening, the cover flung open,
empty. “D-d-d-dynamite,” he ex-
plained tersely.

  They looked over the evidences
of mining operations around them.
To their left was heaped the dump
pile of broken quartz and shale
which Nugget had laboriously taken
out of the mine in his excavation.
Near it was a wheelbarrow. And
ahead of them lay a few planks and
timber joists, a shovel and a pickax.

  “Nugget must ’a’ lugged the hull
outfit up hyar on thet ol’ gray burro
o’ hisn,” commented Absent. “All
thet work fer-”

  Crack! From the rocky ridge
above the mine opening, a six-gun
barked.

  Whee-ee! A bullet buzzed past
Stut’s ear.

  His long chin sagged; he looked
blank. Absent’s mouth, too, lolled
open. Both sat their saddles as if
frozen there.

  Bang! Stut’s gray Stetson hopped
off his head and went sailing away.

  “Gosh!” Absent yelped. “Some
one’s bushwhackin’ us! We-”

  Swinging his lengthy legs clear,
Stut leaped down from his saddle.
Out came his six-gun, and he
crouched behind a boulder. A bullet
spattered against the shielding
rock, glancing off.

  Peering around the boulder, Stut
glimpsed a black Stetson rising from
the jagged rocks above. He gasped
as he recognized it. It was Nugget’s
old Stetson, with a hole in the crown
and daubed on one side with white-
wash. There wasn’t another hat
just like it on the whole range.

  Taking quick aim, Stut fired at
it. He heard the whine of the bullet
as it glanced off the stone rampart.
The white-daubed black hat ducked
down.

  A gasp at his side—and there
squatted Absent. Stut glanced at
him, then snapped:

  “Git yore gun out, yuh d-d-danged
fool! Wh-wh-what yuh s-s-s-squat-
tin’ hyar with yore m-m-m-mouth
open fer?”

  Absent gulped, blinked his blue
eyes. “I—I ain’t got no six-gun,”
he groaned. “I done fergot it, an’
left it in the bunk house.”

  Stut grunted disgustedly. “Of all
the d-d-d-danged brainless g-g-g-ga-
zabos on the range, yuh t-t-take the
c-c-c-cake. Git out o’ hyar! Git on
yore h-h-h-hoss an’ high-tail it! I’ll
smoke thet jasper out m-m-myself.”
“Who yuh s’pose it is?” croaked

Absent. “01’ Nugget wouldn’t-”

  “N-n-n-nugget wouldn’t?” sneered
Stut. “Waal, thet’s him. Look at
thet hat when it bobs up ag’in.” He
peered around the boulder at the
ridge above, watching for Nugget’s
black Stetson and the chance for
another shot.

  “But why should he try ter pot
us—us who give him a helpin’ hand
when no one else would?” queried
Absent.

  “I dunno—’less it’s ter git thet
receipt off us an’ d-d-d-destroy it,
so’s we w-w-won’t have no claim
on him f-f-fer thet hundred,” replied
Stut. “Thet’s what he p-p-prob’ly
reckons we're hyar fer—ter collect
thet hundred an’-”
38

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Crack! Another bullet from the
ridge above was the answer.

  Absent emitted a little moan, fell
flat on his back. Stut’s brown eyes
bulged as he glanced at his prostrate
pal. Absent’s broad forehead was
streaked with blood. He didn't
move.

  “Got ’im!” A dry sob choked in
Stut’s throat. “The—the d-d-dirty
d-d-dry-gulchin’ polecat! I’ll-”

  Heedless of bullets that could
easily pick him off, Stut leaped to
his feet. The steep rocky slope lead-
ing up to the ridge ahead, the boul-
ders strewn about, the very air itself
—everything was veiled in a red
haze. Flying lead, the murderer’s
secure hiding place behind the rocky
rampart—nothing held Stut back
now. Absent was dead, killed by a
treacherous bullet from that mur-
derer’s gun.

  “I’ll g-g-g-git thet p-p-p-polecat!”
grated the lanky waddy as he ran
blindly up the rocky incline, slip-
ping back, forging on again.

  Then he suddenly realized that in
his insane fury he had made the
worst move possible to avenge his
murdered buddy. But it was too
late now to turn back, duck behind
a boulder, and play the game of
watchful waiting. He was in the
open, exposed to the killer’s lead.
But why hadn’t the killer cut him
down before this?

  Stut thought he knew-—and a
grim smile creased his gaunt cheeks.
His headlong charge hadn’t been so
senseless, so reckless, after all. It
had unnerved Nugget. The cow-
ardly old coyote had turned tail and
fled.

  Slipping, sliding, Stut kept on, his
six-gun held at full cock, ready for a
snapshot at any instant. His brown
eyes swept behind each boulder and
outcrop of rock as he scrambled up
past it^ He reached the outcrop

  from which the killer had opened
fire on him and Absent; but no one
was hidden there now. Stut kept
on.

  “I’ll g-g-g-git thet ol’ s-s-s-side-
hill g-g-g-gouger, ef I hev ter ch-ch-
chase ’im cl’ar inter the m-m-mount-
ings,” gritted the lanky avenger.
“I’ll-”

  A shadowy shape lifted from be-
hind the boulder he was clumping
past. Panting for breath after his
climb, Stut whipped his six-gun
around. His foot slipped—he fought
for balance.

  Smash! Down came an arm, and
the barrel of a six-gun crashed
against Stut’s bare head. With a
moan as his knees caved in under
him, he passed out.

III.

  He opened his eyes in pitch dark-
ness. His head ached and throbbed
as he sat up. Piercing little lights
danced before his smarting eyes.

  “Oh!” he groaned. “Oh!”

  “Oh!” groaned another voice at
his side. “Stut, is thet—is thet
you?”

  The lanky waddy’s head cleared
in a flash.

 “Absent!” he gasped. “Yuh—
yuh—yuh r-r-r-really alive?”

  “Who’s dumb now?” It was Ab-
sent’s voice, all right, ending in a
faint chuckle. “Creased—thet’s all
I was, I reckon. But-”

  “Whar are we?” Stut blinked, his
head still throbbing vilely.

  “In Nugget’s mine, I reckon,” re-
plied Absent. “You an’ me, I guess
we come to about the same time.
What yuh s’pose thet ol’ wampus,
Nugget, is figgerin’ on doin’ with
us?”

  Stut’s hand flew to his holster, and
found it empty. Ahead, far, far
ahead, it seemed, he could see a
A Grubstake Fer Nugget

39

round light—the opening to the
mine.

  “He ain’t g-g-g-goin’ ter do nothin’
to us, if we kin help it,” he grated,
staggering to his feet. “If we
c-c-c-cain’t lick thet ol’ m-m-moss-
horn barehanded-”

  Then he remembered that Nugget
had a six-gun, and he hadn’t. The
fact that neither he nor Absent was
tied up indicated that the old pros-
pector had felt reasonably sure of
himself when he dragged them into
the mine.

  “We’re bottled up, shore enough,”
grumbled Absent. “What’ll we do
now, Stut?”

  “Sneak ter the mine entrance an’
take a look-see. Come on!” Stut
led the way. He fished in his chaps
pockets, but found there only his
jackknife and a rolled-up pigging
string. Gosh! If he’d only carried
an extra six-gun, a derringer—any
weapon for such an emergency!

  As he groped along, crouching so
that he wouldn’t bump his head on
the low quartz roof, he paused to
examine the various objects he
stumbled over. But they were all
chunks of quartz; Nugget had left
none of his tools there.

  He picked up two of those quartz
chunks, however; they would be bet-
ter than nothing if it came to a
fight. And Stut was determined
that there would be a fight, and a
hot one, if they came face to face
with the murderous old Nugget!

  He reached the mine opening and
peered out, Absent close behind him.
There, a little to one side of the
dump where Nugget had heaped up
the rubble he had removed from the
mine, squatted a jasper beside a
small fire, cooking a meal. He had
his back partly turned toward the
mine. Stut muttered furiously un-
der his breath as he recognized the
black, whitewash-daubed Stetson on

their captor’s head. Stut didn’t
have to take a second look to be
sure that it was old Nugget.

  Like an Indian, Stut stole ahead,
gripping the two chunks of quartz
in his hands. If it came to a close-
range fight with Nugget, he would at
least have weapons of a sort. If he
could get closer, yell, get Nugget on
his feet, gamble with rocks against

six-gun bullets-

  Thump! The sudden noise be-
hind Stut startled him like a pistol
shot. Absent softly swore and dis-
engaged a wooden bucket from his
foot.

  The jasper beside the fire jumped
up, whipped his hand around to his
long-barreled six-gun. Absent, still
holding the bucket, ran stumbling
back into the mine. Stut, realizing
that his chance was gone, followed.

  “Yuh—yuh d-d-d-danged sprad-
dle-hoofed m-m-maverick!” fumed
Stut, when they reached the end of
the tunnel. “Now we’re in fer it!
Thet ol’ p-p-p-pelican will come in

now an’ finish us off. An-”

  “I didn’t see thet danged bucket,”
groaned Absent. “Who’d ever reck-
oned any one’d leave a water bucket

in a gold mine? It-”

  Stut groped, found the bucket,
and wrenched it out of his chunky
pal’s hand. There was a sound of
steel being scraped on wood as he
drew out his jackknife and worked
on the bucket for a few minutes.
“What yuh doin’?” asked Absent.
Stut did not reply. His eyes were
on the circle of light that marked
the mine opening as he worked.
Then through that circle came the
figure of a crouching man, holding
a blazing pine torch in one hand, a
six-gun in the other. His black hat
was drawn down low over his eyes
so that Stut could not see his face.

  “Gosh! He’s got us!” hoarsely
whispered Absent, squeezing him-
40

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

self against the rock wall at the end
of the mine, as the torchlight re-
vealed the stealthy, advancing fig-
ure. “What’ll we-”

  Arr-augh! Through the mine re-
sounded a roar that almost made the
solid rock quiver.

  The advancing form stopped sud-
denly, the torch lifted against the
mine roof.

  Arr-augh! Again that roar burst
out, like the terrifying challenge of
a lion that is about to charge its
prey.

  But the blaclc-hatted man held his
ground. Still holding the light over
his head, he jerked up his six-gun.

  Bang! Crash! Two shots thun-
dered out in quick succession. Ab-
sent moaned and sank to the mine
floor. A bullet breezed past Stut’s
cheek and spattered against the
rock.

  Stut groaned aloud with dismay.
Through the powder smoke that now
filled the mine, he could make out
the light of the torch, the dim figure
of the man. Six-gun held ready for
another quick shot, the man seemed
to be peering through the smoke to
see if his bullets had gone true to
their mark.

  Stut realized that his chances
were now slim indeed. Absent was
down. The instant that armed man
saw that Stut was still on his feet,
more lead would fly. And when it
did, that would mean the end of
Stut. In that narrow space, weapon-
less, face to face with the killer-

  Like a flash, it suddenly dawned
on Stut that he was still holding the
bucket. He drew back his arm, his
eyes fixed on the black hat, the dim
face under the torchlight. If he
could-

  With a snarl, the killer aimed his
six-gun again. Through the thin-
ning smoke, he must have detected
that only one of his captives was

down, that the other was still on his
feet.

  Stvish! Through the narrow con-
fines of the mine shot the bucket.
With all Stut’s desperate strength
behind it, it traveled like a cannon
ball. If it missed its mark—if
Stut’s quick aim was faulty to the

fraction of an inch-

  The lanky waddy’s heart stood
still in that terrible instant of sus-
pense.

  Whack! The flying bucket hit
hard.

  And Stut’s hopes leaped high as
he glimpsed, in that split second, the
bucket dropping from the killer’s
head. It had struck the exact mark
at which Stut had aimed—the
killer’s left temple, exposed by the
tilted brim of the black Stetson,
which had been moved slightly to
one side by scraping against the
rocky roof of the mine.

  The torch fell from the killer’s
hand, and the mine was plunged into
darkness. Orange-red flame darted
from the six-gun muzzle, but the
bullet whined as it glanced off the
rock. There was a thud as the gun-
man’s body hit the floor.

With a bound, Stut flung himself
upon the prostrate killer. At the
end of the mine, Absent groaned:
“Oh, my arm! My shoulder! He

drilled-

  Stut grinned, relieved that his
buddy had suffered nothing worse
than a shoulder wound.

  “I’ve g-g-g-got the p-p-p-polecat,
Absent!” he called out. “Git me a

rope! G-g-go on an’-”

  Absent stumbled over the two
figures as he staggered out of the
mine. The man under Stut snarled
as he recovered his senses. Then he
began to struggle, swearing, kicking,
biting, spitting. But get loose from
those rangy arms, those steel-sin-
ewed hands that had won for the
A Grubstake Fer Nugget

41

lanky cowpoke the bulldogging
championship at the Piute County
Rodeo? Not a chance! But even
at that, old Nugget was putting up
a stiffer scrap than Stut had ex-
pected him to.

  Then Absent came scuffing back,
his hands full of rawhide. Bending
down, he handed the thongs to Stut,
who flipped his prisoner over on his
stomach and tightly bound his
wrists behind his back. Then Stut
trussed up his ankles. And between
them, the two Hourglass waddies
lifted their swearing, snarling cap-
tive out into the sunlight.

  Setting him down they stood off
and looked at him. And from the
lips of both cowpokes burst gasps
of amazement.

  “Great jumpin’ grasshoppers!” ex-
claimed Absent. “It ain’t Nugget!
It’s-”

  But they had seen that hard, high-
cheeked, swarthy face, those glitter-
ing little black eyes too often on
reward posters to be mistaken.
Their prisoner was not old Nugget.
He was the Apache Terror!

  “By g-g-g-gosh!” stuttered the
lanky Hourglass waddy, running a
skinned forefinger along his lean
nose. “N-n-nugget must ’a’ left thet
ol’ black Stetson in the m-m-mine,
an’ this skunk found it thar! A
d-d-d-desarted mine—thet’d be the
n-n-n-naturalest p-p-place on earth
fer an outlaw on the d-d-d-dodge ter
hole up in. An’-”

  “But thet critter in the mine—
what made thet dev’Iish noise?”
broke in Absent. “Gosh! I reck-
oned we’d holed up with a man-
eatin’ tiger!”

  Stut chuckled and strode into the
mine. He came out with the bucket
in his hand. Through its bottom a
hole had been punched. And
through that hole ran a pigging
string, held in by a knot that kept

the length of the string inside the
bucket.

  “J-j-j-jest an ol’ lion roar, 1-1-like
the one I had in my t-t-t-trap-drum-
min’ outfit in the Piute County
Band,” Stut explained. “Like my
c-c-c-cow moo, only bigger.”

  He moistened his thumb and fore-
finger and pulled them along the
string.

  Arr-augh! The roar that he pro-
duced from the inside of the bucket
was identical with the sounds that
had echoed in the mine, when the
Apache Terror came in for the
slaughter.

  “I r-r-r-reckoned thet lion r-r-roar
would m-m-make ol’ Nugget think
a cougar had s-s-stole inter the
mine, an’ s-s-s-skeer him out,”
chuckled Stut. “But the T-t-terror
didn’t s-s-s-skeer. so easy. Anyhow,
the ol’ b-b-bucket done itself
r-r-r-right proud. It g-g-got us out
plumb alive, an’ thet’s all I was
f-f-f-f-figgerin’ on.”

  “But say, Stut!” Absent’s blue
eyes lighted up; he seemed to have
forgotten that slight wound in his
shoulder. “Ain’t thar a reward
posted on this Apache Terror?”
“F-f-f-five thousand b-b-bucks,”
replied Stut. “Reckon thet’s ourn.”
“Then what say we grubstake ol’
Nugget fer the rest of his life?”
eagerly suggested Absent. “Seems
like our pardnership with ’im in the
mine had ought ter work both
ways.”

  “Heem—old Noogget?” snarled
the Terror, his evil little teyes fixed
venomously on the chunky waddy.
“Heem don’ need no grobstake.
Heem deeg hole in hees own back
yard—strike lode of gold so reech,
mine engineer send for hees boss to
come queeck an’ buy her. An’ me
in calabozo w’en he come to hand
dinero ovair to that ol’ Noogget!
Caramba! The accursed luck!”
Ghost Rider of the

Capitans

A “Circle J” Novelette

By Cleve Endicott

Author of “The Yearlin’ Outlaw,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

BULLET PROOF.

WHISTLING softly to himself,
the lithe, elusive young hom-
bre whom this part of New
Mexico had come to call the “Phan-
tom Rider” went coolly about his
work.

The night sky was overcast, but
the masked youth seemed to know
every canyon and fold of the rugged
Capitans as well as he did the bat-
tered old stock saddle upon his white
cayuse.

Expertly he hazed on the few

head of cow stuff he’d gathered far
back up in the heights.

  They certainly weren’t much to
look at—scrub cattle with fantastic
old Spanish brands upon their
scrawny hides—but the keen-eyed
Phantom seemed well satisfied with
his haul. As always, he knew ex-
actly what he was about.

  “Hi-kee-ho! Git along there, yuh
hunk o’ bones!” he grunted quietly,
as his doubled lass rope slapped a
thin critter across the rump. “01’
Juan Martinez’ll be muy glad to see
yuh in his brush corral, but we ain’t
there yet, by a long ways! We still
got us some business here on the
Rockin’ H.”

  With the muttered words, the
^vide, rather pleasant mouth beneath
his black strip of mask took on a
steel-hard look. Through slitted eye
holes, the Phantom’s level gray eyes
ranged down the mountainside un-
til they picked up a tiny glow of
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

43

light. That dim yellow dot marked
the distant ranch house of the Rock-
ing H.

  Grimly, bitterly, the youth studied
the far-off light.

  “Blast Markly!” he growled aloud.
“Toastin’ his shins down there,
while I’m out here on the dodge.
Oh, well, what’s the difference—for
a little while? I kind o’ picked me
out this life.”

  Almost unconsciously, the rider’s
lean, bronzed fingers slipped to a .45
butt. A turn of the Phantom’s vrrist
loosened the weapon in its holster, so
that it could clear leather easily.

  Then, the hard look already faded,
he started on again, whistling tune-
lessly under his breath. The Phan-
tom Rider wasn’t one to wear his
feelings on his face.

  Two hours later, he was down in
the big south pasture of the Rock-
ing H. His little bunch of live stock
was almost doubled now.

  Pure-bred whitefaces had just
been added to the scrawny stuff.
“Plug” Markly—crooked owner of
the Rocking H—was due to lose
some fancy beef.

  Unhurriedly the Phantom drove
his night’s selection toward the big
gap he’d cut in the barbed-wire
fence. He’d rather expected the
whitefaces would be watched, after
his other raids, but so far he’d seen
no night guard.

  That suited him exactly. He
didn’t sling lead unless he had to.
Here lately, however, the Phantom’s
gun had been kept plenty hot.

  Baffling and elusive, quick to
strike and quicker to disappear, he’d
become something of a legend here
in old Lincoln County in barely more
than a month.

  As to who he was, one man’s
guess was quite as good as another’s.
Few had seen him except when bul-
lets flew, and then always at night.

  Some called him outlaw, some
called him friend, and all called him
bullet-proof. Expert shots had
ripped lead straight at him with ap-
parently no effect. Slugs seemed to
sing as harmlessly through him as
if he were a ghost.

  Indeed, the superstitious Mexicans
hereabouts claimed him to be just
that. To them, he was phantom in
fact as well as in name—the very
definite ghost of a dare-devil young
rider whom some of the oldest had
known.

  The nickname they whispered
among themselves had been one held
in awe, in the raw, wild days when
Lincoln County was young. Outlaw
its owner was then, famous for flash-
ing guns.

  In life, he had helped the weak
and the poor. Now, from out of a
slain man’s grave, they claimed he
was back again.

  All this the Phantom knew, for he
had ways of his own of keeping in
touch with things in the Capitans.
At this moment, however, his atten-
tion was centered wholly upon car-
rying out his raid.

  The cloud drift had split in places.
Moonlight came streaming through.
The Phantom’s gray eyes swept the
landscape—a hillside lined with
deep, twisting gullies.

  Dark, reaching fingers these
seemed, in the moonlight’s fitful
glow. No one was in sight, however.

  The cattle reached the fence,
bound for the deepest ravine. Once
beneath its sheltering banks-

  Crash! Bam-vi! A thunderous tu-
mult of gunfire filled the air with
screaming lead. Bullets buzzed and
snarled in the startled Phantom’s
ear.

  He whirled to face the onslaught
—a bunch of men spurring furiously
from the black lip of a draw.

  “Git around him, quick!” the
44

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

leader’s harsh voice yelled. “Cut ’im
off! Burn ’im down!”

  “Yuh try it, Markly!” the lithe
young rider gritted through his
teeth.

  The tense hiss of the Phantom’s
words were lost in the instant leap
and roar of his own flashing six-gun.
Ten to one the odds were, he saw at
a sweeping glance.

. Plug Markly and his Rocking H
crew were still about fifty yards
away. The Phantom might have
wheeled his speedy white cayuse and
streaked off through the night.

  But he had spent long hours gath-
ering the cattle, especially the scrub
stuff. He didn’t mean to give them
up without a stubborn fight.

  The first hot blasts from his gun
brought yells from the charging men.
A hard-faced hombre yelped in pain.
A cayuse, faltering in mid-stride,
went down in a fog of dust.

  Other horses, close behind, struck
the kicking animal before their speed
could be checked. Down they went,
in a thrashing snarl, while riders
crashed to earth.

  Plug Markly swept on, raving, but
the Phantom’s gunfire drove him
back. The cattle were in wild flight.
Hastily reloading his heated Colt,
the Phantom pivoted his white ca-
yuse slightly to the left.

  Two jaspers were spurring in from
that quarter—savage gun hands
from the Rocking H. A cloud rolled
over the moon. The Phantom
ducked beside his horse. Hot bul-
lets burned the night.

  The moon broke through again.
Two men were down, but not the
Phantom. Taking advantage of the
confused tangle among his other
foes, he suddenly shot off after the
speeding stock.

  His gun was holstered now. He
held merely his doubled rope.

  Quickly he forged up on the cattle

—whitefaces and scrawny scrubs—
and went furiously to work.

  The Rocking H pure-breds he dis-
regarded. They were by far the
most valuable, but rather surpris-
ingly the Phantom whipped on only
the scrawny stuff. A timbered little
creek lay ahead. They crossed it
in full flight.

  But now Plug Markly was com-
ing on, followed by his men. More
bullets ripped and whined. With
the Phantom hampered by the thin,
Spanish-branded scrubs that he was
running off, the gap closed mighty
fast.

  Again it was a battle, with the
cattle thundering unmolested down
the brushy creek. Coolly the Phan-
tom turned again, something like a
rear guard covering a retreat.

  His gun slashed and flamed and
roared, but this time, the foe re-
fused to break.

  “Blast it! I wish I had the goods
on Markly,” he growled. “I’d do
more than just dust his chaps!”

 The Rocking H was smashing
through the timber now, and the
Phantom had no more time to wait.
He’d done his best with the cattle.
He had to save himself.

  What his motives were in his pe-
culiar raids, only the Phantom knew.
Here in the half darkness beneath
the trees, with eight hombres spur-
ring at him, he realized that the
time had come for flight.

  “Well, anyway, Ghost boy,” he
grunted to his white horse, “we’ll
give ’em a close-range look—and
somethin’ to talk about.”

  A swirling, dipping movement,
and then his rowels swept back. The
foes were charging downhill. The
Phantom chose to go up.

  Almost straight at them he sped,
then swerved a fraction to the right.

  His dare-devil course would carry
him past at twenty yards, unless a
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

45

fierce slug stopped him. But the
Phantom had little fear. Something
had happened, back there in the
trees, before he picked his course.

  “Ey-yow! Waste yore bullets, yuh
thievin’ curs!” His hot, mocking
challenge rang out at the Rock-
ing H.

  The answer to that crisp taunt
was a furious leaden hail at the form
above the streaking horse. The tar-
get wasn’t clear in the darkness, but
for gun hands, it was certainly plain
enough.

  There wasn’t a slit-eyed hombre
there who couldn’t have hit a mark
a tenth that size at more than twice
the distance. But to their amaze-
ment, the Phantom flashed right on
past.

  Hot slugs seemed to have ripped
him through and through, but he
hadn’t even reeled. Likewise, in
seeming contempt, he had disdained
to shoot.

  “Great jumpin’ green grasshop-
pers!” some jasper cried. “Did yuh
ever see the like?”

  Mouths open, they all sat stunned
for a couple of precious seconds.
Then a low moan in Spanish went
up. One of the riders—a sturdy old
Mexican vaquero—seemed white-
eyed with awe or fright.

  “Socorro! Eet was heem!” he ex-
claimed. “Dead these fifty years—
and now back with his guns again!
Mine own eyes have behol’ heem.
Eet was the Keed himself!”

  “The Kid nothin’!” Plug Markly
snarled, jerked suddenly back to his
senses. “Thet hombre was flesh and
blood. Come on, men! Run ’im
down! He can’t be bullet-proof.”
“By gosh! He looked it ter me!”
a scar-faced jasper growled. “I give
him lead right through his gizzard,
and he never even flinched!”

  Off they thundered up the hillside,
in belated pursuit. But the Phan-

tom had gained the lip of a draw on
that white horse he called Ghost.

  The Rocking H saw him fade from
sight into the long ravine. That was
the last glimpse they got of him, al-
though their cayuses did their best.

  Elusive and baffling as ever, the
Phantom was gone in the night-

CHAPTER II.

SUSPICIOUS WADDIES.

DOLLING down the Capitans, the
thunder of gunfire in the dark
struck loudly upon the ears of a
little group of riders. The foremost
reined up at once.

  “Hm-m-m! Listen to thet!” he ex-
claimed. “A regular battle, sounds
like.” A shaft of moonlight, break-
ing through clouds, showed his face
alive with interest.

  Wide of shoulders and trim of
waist, he sat his powerful chestnut
cayuse with a careless grace that
stamped him a true son of the West.
A six-gun hung at his thigh in a
position that told he knew exactly
how to whip it out.

  Holster tilted at just the right
angle for an instant draw, the
weapon lay close to slender fingers.
Yet one look at the rider’s bronzed
young face showed him no trouble
hunter.

  There was firmness there and a
touch of dash, tempered by level
gray eyes that could grow either
warm or cold, as occasion demanded.

  His chin was square, his nose
strong, his whole appearance vigor-
ous and keen rather than merely
handsome.

  Dressed in prosperous rancher
garb of gray-silk shirt, beaverskin
Stetson, and expensive batwing
chaps, he was plainly the leader of
the little group.

  “Battle is right,” a red-headed
waddy behind him cried. “See them
46

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

quick flashes, way up thar? Some-
body’s shore slingin’ lead mighty
fast and furious!”

  “Huh! Yuh call thet quick shoot-
in’, does yuh?” The snort of dis-
agreement came from a lanky,
battle-scarred cowpoke whose long
and grizzled mustache made a gray
string in the moonlight. “I’ll be
a horned toad, if I couldn’t make
me ol’ six-gun talk faster’n the hull
caboodle of ’em!”

  “Yuh mean yore mouth, Buck,”
the freckled redhead jeered, with a
grin that went from one big bat
ear to the other. His huge hawk
beak of a nose sniffed in derisive
fashion.

  “Buck” Foster, the lanky waddy,
glowered. He and Joe Scott, top
hands for the Circle J, were con-
tinually snapping at each other.

. Before Buck could think of a
sharp reply, however, the fourth
member of the party—a slant-eyed
little Chinaman—squeaked out in
broken English:

  “That shootee coming lis way!”
Half fearfully he looked at his boss.
“\yhat we blettah do, Mistlee
Billy?”

  “Sit tight—-and mind your own
business.” The answer from the
bronzed young leader to the outfit’s
chink cook was crisp, decisive. “At
least, until we find out what it’s all
about, I reckon.”

  Billy West, in New Mexico on a
cattle-buying trip for his home
ranch in far-off Montana, wasn’t the
kind to horn in on any deal until he
knew his ground.

  Although his words had been
flung at Sing Lo, the chink, he meant
them mainly for hot-headed Buck
Foster.

  Buck, battered of face and broken
of nose, was an impulsive old ran-
nihan who figured no fight, should
ever be private. He loved battle for

its own sake, as much as he loved
to argue.

  Sure enough, the scrappy range
veteran’s next words were eager and
impetuous.

  “Say, boss,” he cried, “let’s ride
up thar a ways! Mebbe we kin
help. Thet might be some low-down,
thievin’ rustlers what honest folks
am chasin’!”

  “Yep, and it might not,” Billy
West rapped promptly. “Sit tight,
like I said. Thet rumpus is cornin’
this way.”

  Grumbling, Buck Foster dropped
his hand from the worn butt of his
revolver. Suddenly the gunfire
ceased, up there on the hillside.

  A rumble of hoofs broke out, like
cattle in full flight. Then the fir-
ing began again, faster and more
furious, only soon to stop com-
pletely.

  “Looks like it’s over,” said Joe.
“They either got him, whoever he
was, or else he shore got plumb
away. Them cattle are cornin’ on,
though. Hadn’t we better stop ’em,
Billy?”

  “Right-o! Here they come! Round
’em up, yuh waddies!”

  With expert quickness, the Mon-
tana saddle pards whirled their
horses to the work. Scrawny cow
critters, their tongues hanging from
their run, had lumbered out of the
darkness and sought to surge on
past.

  Double lariats took them across
their noses, forced them in upon one
another, and soon had them churn-
ing in a milling mass. Breathing
heavily, the cattle stopped.

  “Waal, I’ll be a horned toad if I
ever seen such a mess o’ hide and
bones!” Buck Foster cried, as he
looked them over in the faint light.
“Anybody what’d rustle critters like
these am jist plain locoed!”

  The others thought so, too; but
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

47

now more cattle—pure-bred white-
faces—had loomed up in the night.
Swiftly these were gathered in and
added to the bunch.

  “Hold ’em steady,” Billy ordered,
“while I fire some signal shots.”
Three times, his six-gun cut loose
into the air. Like his saddle pards,
the young boss of Circle J figured he
was doing some honest rancher a
good turn by rounding up the stock.

  Soon the sound of riders came
thundering down the slope. They
swept to a halt—hard-faced men
whose hands still gripped their .45s.

  They lowered their guns, however,
when they saw the cattle gathered
in a compact, waiting bunch.

  “Howdy, men!” said Billy. “We
heard yore racket up there, and
stopped this little stampede. I take
it this is yore stuff.”

  “Yeah! Much obliged.” The
leader’s grunt was short. He was
a long, horse-faced hombre whose
close-set eyes gave him a crafty look.
“Danged outlaw tried ter run ’em
off! I’m Plug Markly. Own the
Rockin’ H.”

  Billy, a keen judge of character,
was anything but taken with the
man. Still, he didn’t doubt the jas-
per’s word. Like the pure-bred
Ilerefords, the horse of every rider
plainly bore a Rocking H.

  “Outlaw, huh?” Buck Foster
echoed Markly’s words. “I knowed
it from the start! Waal, what in the
heck am yuh wastin’ time fer?” he
flung excitedly at the rancher. “Let’s
go run down thet thar galoot!”

  “I will, some day, blast himP’
The hombre spat out the words like
an oath. “This is the fourth time
he’s raided me, in darn near less’n
a month.”

  “By heifers! I wouldn’t wait fer
no ‘some day,’ then!” the Circle J
waddy cried. “A rustler am a rus-
tler, and ought ter be strung up!”

  “Ah, yes, my friend, but that ees
eempossible!” a husky voice ob-
jected, its rich Spanish accent pro-
nounced. “One cannot hang a
ghost!”

  Buck’s huge brown eyes stared at
the speaker—the one vaquero among
these hard-bitten hombres from the
Rocking H.

  “A what?” the cowpoke roared.
“A ghost? Yuh—yuh mean a
ha’nt?”

  The battle-scarred veteran’s ardor
for a prompt pursuit was cooling
fast. Buck was a superstitious mav-
erick. He feared no man on earth,
but he sure shied off from ghosts.

  “Si, senor!” The leathery old Mex
was nodding vigorously. “Folks
call heem the ‘Phantom Rider.’ But
we Mexicans here in Lincoln County
—ah, we know who he ees even
much bettair so than that! He ees
Beel-”

  “Bosh!” Markly struck in with a
growl. “Pablo, yore people are
fools!” He turned to the Montan-
ans.

  “These derned ignorant spicks,”
he explained shortly, “have got it
inter their dumb heads thet the
Phantom is more’n jest a danged
slick cow thief. They think he’s
the ghost of the most famous outlaw
New Mexico ever saw—thet gun ter-
ror, Billy the Kid.”

  “Help me, Hannah! Billy the
Kid!” Buck Foster’s long jaw
sagged with the explosive words.
Here was a name to conjure with—
the quickest, most deadly shot the
frontier had ever known.

  To Buck, it didn’t matter that the
daring young outlaw had been dead
these many years. In fact, that
made it worse.

  Here, the popeyed veteran told
himself, he’d been about to go
faunchin’ headlong to tangle with
Billy’s ghost. The very thought
48

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

made him shiver. He broke out in
a sweat.

  “Si, Billy the. Keed! And why
not?” Pablo insisted stoutly. “Thees
was his home. Here he lived and
fought. Here he have hees good
friends. Now he ees back, to help
the weak. Ah, that Billy the Keed!”
The Mexican was growing excited
with the fervor of his own words.
Beyond a doubt, he believed to the
depths of his being everything he
said.

  “Me, I saw heem once in ol’ Lin-
coln town, when I was ver-ry small
boy!” he cried. “I saw heem again
to-night. He was the ver-ry same!
Me—Pablo Sanchez—I could not
shoot, although he pass me close.
Not roe—against the Keed!”

  “Well, I shot,” somebody growled,
“and hit ’im, time and ag’in! Seen
my bullets dust him on both sides.
And all he done was laugh! He may
not be a ghost, but if he ain’t, I shore
wish somebody’d tell me what he is!”
Plug Markly snorted. “Yo’re all
a bunch of old women! When a
man’s dead, he stays dead. Yuh
missed him clean,” he snarled.
“Now git them cattle goin’, back on
the Rockin’ H!”

  His men moved to obey. Buck
Foster seemed to come out of his
staring trance.

  “Whew, boss!” he muttered to
Billy. “Jist think what I might ’a’
done. Took out after thet thar
danged gun-slingin’ ghost!”

  “Yuh don’t believe all thet, do
yuh?” Billy asked, with a laugh. He
himself had heard the Rocking H’s
story with interest, but his conclu-
sion,. was vastly different from
Buck’s.

  The clear-headed young Circle J
boss had no belief in spooks. Some
clever rustler, he figured, had simply
made monkeys out of the Rock-
ing H.

  Under ordinary circumstances,
Billy would have been all for joining
forces in running down a thief. But
somehow his dislike for Markly had
grown, despite the fellow’s few re-
marks.

  The man was mean-eyed, ungra-
cious, and had a sly, harsh look
about him that Billy didn’t like.
And now, from near the cattle, there
came word snatches that added to
that vague distrust.

  “Senor Markly,” the voice of Pa-
blo cried, “here are some cows not
ours! Those vacas with the Spanish
brands. I know them well. They
are-”

  “Shut up, yuh fool!” the horse-
faced rancher hissed. “Yore busi-
ness is ter drive cows, not ter spill
loose talk!”

  Then, as if realizing that his voice
must have carried to the Circle J
men, Markly came riding back.
Suspiciously his eyes ran across
them, trying to probe their thoughts.

  “I buy a lot o’ cattle,” he growled,
“faster’n some o’ my dumb hands
kin keep up with the stock.”

  Billy West said nothing, but al-
ready he was beginning to think that
the mysterious Phantom Rider
might not be the only one on the
rustle hereabouts.

  Buck Foster, however, horned, in
with a prompt remark.

  “Kind o’ buyin’ some cattle our-
selves,” he bragged. “Thet’s why
we’re down hyar. Lookin’ fer feeder
stuff.”

  “Say, thet’s fine!” Markly unbent
at once. “IIo\^ about buyin’ Some
from me? Thet Spanish-branded
stuff’ll put on weight fast, if yuh
feed it right. I’ll let yuh have ’em
cheap.”

  “Yeah?” Billy West’s tones were
dry. Here was a chance to see if his
growing suspicion was correct.
“What do yuh mean by cheap?”

WW—3D
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

49

  “Twenty-five dollars a head.”

  The young Montanan merely
laughed.

  “Twenty, then,” Markly grunted,
his eyes greedy in the moonlight.

  The Circle J boss shook his head.
If Markly came any lower, he would
know it was rustled stuff.

  “Fifteen. And thet’s final!” The
horse-faced jasper snarled.

  The price was cheap—too cheap.

  “Nope,” Billy answered. “I don’t
want ’em, I guess.”

  An angry look gripped Markly’s
face. But quickly he forced it aside.

  “Say, come up ter the house fer
the night, then,” the fellow growled
at last. “If yuh don’t want the
scrubs, mebbe we kin do business
about the pure-bred stuff. Thet is,”
he added craftily, “if yuh got money
enough.”

  “Got plenty o’ money!” Buck Fos-
ter blurted, with a promptness that
made Plug Markly’s close-set eyes
gleam with an eager light.

  Rapidly Billy made up his mind.
Markly, he saw, was a crook. Then
what about the Phantom Rider,
flashed through the young waddy’s
thoughts?

   Was it simply a case of one rustler
preying upon another? Or did this
situation, here in the old home of
“Billy the Kid,” go much deeper
than that?

  “All right,” snapped Billy, “I’ll
go.”

  He meant to have a further talk
with old Pablo Sanchez about the
entire affair, when he got the chance,
some time during the night.

CHAPTER III.

TROUBLE IN THE NIGHT.

DILLY didn’t get that chance, how-
ever. Markly rode close to Pa-
blo’s side while the regathered cattle
were being corralled in a good-sized
WW—4D

branding pen not far from the house.
Then the lanky rancher sent the
Mexican about some other work.

  “Now we’ll talk about them
whitefaces,” he growled to Billy
when they had reached the house.

  The session was a long one, but it
came to naught. Markly wanted
such a stiff price for the pure-breds
that Billy quickly realized that they,
at least, were not rustled stuff.

  Markly, on his part, seemed try-
ing to ferret out how much cold cash
Billy carried. Cattle buyers usually
went well heeled, especially if they
were strangers who might have diffi-
culty cashing checks.

  Until nearly midnight, the pair
argued back and forth in a battle
of probing wits. More and more, the
Circle J owner read the character of
the man before him. Markly was
crafty on the surface; underneath,
he was worse than that.

  When balked in his cunning at-
tempts to gain information, his eyes
burned with a killer light. Hard,
surly, probably vicious, he seemed
to Billy mighty closely akin to the
tough, gun-slinging type he’d gath-
ered about him on the ranch.

  “A crook and a killer, if there ever
was one,” the Circle J boss decided.
“Whoever thet Phantom Rider is, he
certainly can’t be as bad as this
close-eyed snake.”

  Then, their fruitless session ended,
Billy got to his feet.

  “Well, there’s no use dickerin’ any
more, thet I can see,” he said. “I
guess I’ll turn in. Where do yuh
want us to sleep?”

  “Plenty of room upstairs,” Markly
grunted, with something of a rasp.
“This is a big old shack. Most o’
my riders sleep in the house.”

  Billy wanted to ask if Pablo did
also, but didn’t want to risk such a
direct question. It might arouse
suspicion. Some way, he figured,
50

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

he’d make an opportunity to see
that sturdy old Mex.

  Upstairs he trooped, with Buck,
Joe, and Sing Lo. Markly followed,
holding a lamp, and directed them to
their rooms.

  Billy said nothing when he noted
that his pards were put at one end
of a long corridor, he himself at the
other.

  Nevertheless, he was already sus-
picious enough to take no risks with
the well-filled money belt he wore
beneath his shirt.

  Waiting until Plug Markly had
clumped on back downstairs, Billy
removed his boots and tiptoed up
the bare hall toward his pards. The
lusty snores of Markly’s riders came
to him from the rooms he passed.

  “Sing Lo,” he whispered, after a
soft tap on the door, “come here a
minute. I got a pair o’ jobs for
you.”

  The little Oriental appeared al-
most at once. The hall was dark
here. Billy stripped off his money
belt.

  “Strap this around yuh,” he di-
rected. “I ain’t takin’ no chances on
this tough set o’ coyotes. They’ll
never figger yuh for the Circle J
bank, though,” he added, with a
grin.

  “So be,” Sing Lo murmured. “Me
heap plenty good place. You look
flo’ tlouble, bloss?”

  “It wouldn’t surprise me. I’m also
lookin’ for that Pablo Mex. You
slip out soon and see if he sleeps in
the bunk house. He’d probably be
one o’ the jaspers what wouldn’t get
accommodations in the house.”

  Sing Lo nodded. “Me flind him,
bloss. Then come tellee you, huh?”

  “Thet’s it. Don’t let anybody see
yuh, though. I got a hunch some
jaspers may be on the prowl to-
night.”

  The Circle J boss slipped back to

his room. He might have gone in
search of Pablo himself, but he had
full confidence in the chink.

  Furthermore, Billy wanted to be
right here on the ground to see for
himself, if Markly tried any crooked
stuff.

  Crawling into bed, with his hand
near his gun, Billy settled himself to
wait. Faint moonlight lighted the
room. The round white porcelain
knob on the inside of his door
showed plainly in the gloom.

  Billy’s keen gray eyes fastened
upon the knob. If things went as
he expected, it would—some time
during the night—slowly begin to
turn.

  An hour went by, however, with
nothing happening. Another hour
dragged on.

  Billy’s gaze rarely left the white
blob of the knob, until the night was
three fourths gone. Then, without
realizing it, he began to nod.

  That gleaming knob—like the
glass ball that a hypnotist some-
times uses to induce slumber in an
hombre—had been gazed upon too
long. Sleep crept upon Billy un-
awares. His heavy eyelids closed.

  How long he dozed, he never
knew. But morning wasn’t far off,
the moonlight nearly gone, when
suddenly he came awake. Some one
was in the room!

  With a startled grunt, Billy West
grabbed for his .45. The dark form
moved just as quickly. It reached
Billy, and the streak of bright moon-
light, almost in a bound.

  “Don’t shootee me, bloss! Don’t
shootee!” The squeal came from
Sing Lo.

  The little chink was trembling all
over after his headlong rush to iden-
tify himself, his slanting eyes rolling
wildly at the leveled gun.

  “Lis is just me!” he cried, still
fearful that Billy might not have
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

51

recognized him. “Don’t shootee
chinkee beflo’ you know him!”

  “I won’t.” Billy lowered his gun.
“As yuh ought to know. Dang!
But yuh gave me a start. I de-
served it, though.”

  “Mistlee Billy give me two start,”
the little man said, with a sickly,
yellow grin. “Sing Lo’s heart go
pit-pat-pat. Him know you fast
with gun. Bloss,” he said, “me
dome back to leport. No can find
Pablo.”

  “Hm-m-m,” Billy mused. “Looked
everywhere, did yuh?” Suddenly he
was beginning to wonder if anything
could have happened to that old va-
quero.

  “Evelywhere,” the Circle J cook
announced. “Me even peep into all
homblays’ looms.”

  Billy smiled. “Well, I hardly
wanted yuh to run thet risk. Meb-
be Pablo is out on night herd. If
so, he’ll soon be back. It’ll be light
before long. I reckon you might as
well give me that money belt, Sing
Lo, and-”

  Abruptly Billy checked his words.
Far up the hall outside a board had
popped, as if beneath some cautious

  “Sh-h-h!” Billy’s quick whisper
warned the chink to silence.
“Sounds like some hombre on the
prowl.”

  Indeed, it proved to be. The
stealthy sounds continued, on a
straight, ever-nearing course that
brought them, foot by foot, to
Billy’s door.

  He was out of bed now, gun in
hand, waiting coolly, grimly, in the
center of the floor.

  The doorknob rattled slightly.
Then it began to turn.

  Behind Billy, Sing Lo, his slanting
yellow face tense and excited in the
dying moonlight, hugged his arms
tight in about his waist.

  The money belt was there. None
too confidently, Sing Lo hoped he
could protect it, if the worst came
to the worst.

  “Say, what’re yuh tryin’ thar?”
The words ripped out from up the
hall.

  There was a rush of feet, the thud
of bodies meeting, the crash of bat-
tling hombres slammed hard against
the door.

  Billy reached it in a leap. He’d
recognized that voice. Joe Scott
was out there, tangling with the
stealthy prowler. From far back up
the corridor, Buck Foster’s throaty
bellow rang out in a roar.

  Billy jerked the door open in time
to see Joe Scott—his red head weav-
ing, bobbing—slam home a terrific
punch as he got in beneath a burly
jasper’s guard.

 That hombre doubled with a
grunt. He was a big, hulking-jawed
brute whom Billy had never seen be-
fore.

  His face torn with pain, the jasper
tried to whip out a gun.

  “Yuh would, would yuh?” Joe
gritted through set teeth.

  Bam! His hard right fist took the
gasping hombre square upon the
jaw. The fellow reeled to the head
of the nearby stairs. But now his
gun was out.

  Crack! Spat! Before the snarling
tough could fire, a pair of fists—
slung by two different young wad-
dies—had smashed him, both at
once.

  Joe’s got him on the temple.
Billy’s—with all his leaping weight
behind it—crashed hard against the
chin point.

  The hombre’s hands flew wide,
and he lunged backward as if he had
been shot.

  Down the stairs he scooted,
knocked plumb out, as cold as a
sledge-tapped beef.
52

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  “Yow-ee! Let me at the varmint!”
A lanky, saddle-bowed form in his
underclothes went flying past the
pair.

  Buck Foster, grizzled mustache
bristling like the quills 011 a porcu-
pine, was down the stairs and on the
bouncing jasper before he came to a
stop.

  “Jump the Circle J, will yuh, yuh
wall-eyed galoot!” he howled. “Help
me, Hannah! I’ll show yer how ter
fight!”

  Without even noticing that the
fellow was already out, Buck hauled
off and popped him twice. Then the
veteran swaggered proudly to his
feet.

  “Come on down!” he called up to
his pards. “I done put this bird on
ice.”

  They came down, all right. Doors
had burst open everywhere. Half
dressed punchers came tumbling out,
six-guns in their hands, their staring
faces tough.

  Plug Markly, on the scene from
below, swung on Billy West.

  “Say, what’s the meanin’ o’ this?”
he snarled. “Gangin’ one o’ my
men! Looks like-”

  “Gangin’ one of yore thieves, yuh
mean!” Joe Scott cut in hotly.

  Like Buck, the big-beaked Circle
J waddy was in his underclothes, his
red hair rumpled, his blue eyes like
flashing sparks.

  “I caught this jasper tryin’ ter git
into my boss’s room!” the redhead
rasped. “After his money belt!”

  “Correct!” snapped Billy West.
The tanned young rancher’s voice
had the sharp crack of a whip. “I
was waitin’ for him myself. What
d’yuh know about this, Markly?
Everything, I suppose!”

  “Who? Me? Why, I don’t know
nothin’!” that horse-faced hombre
protested at once. Before the hot
blaze in Billy’s eyes he drew back.

“Why—er—er,” Plug stammered.
“Heck! Don’t go on the prod, West!
This hyar danged fool is drunk.”

  Stooping, Markly grabbed his
stunned ruffian by the shoulder and
pulled him half erect.

  The fellow was beginning to come
to now. Dazedly he looked around
him, feeling his jaw.

  Markly rammed his own face
close into the jasper’s, with a savage
hiss:

  “Home again, drunk, are yuh?”
One of the rancher’s eyes drew down
in a signaling wink. “By gosh! I
got a good notion ter fire yuh! Stay-
in’ out all night, and then blunderin’
inter my guests’ rooms by mistake!”

  The Rocking H owner’s acting
was good, but it didn’t fool Billy
West. It did, however, seem to con-
fuse the still groggy tough.

  “Say, what’re yuh talkin’ about?”
that battered hombre gasped. “I
ain’t drunk. I done jist what yuh
told-”

  “Shut up! Don’t give me no back
talk!”

  Markly hurled in quick, roaring
words to drown out the other’s dazed
remarks.

  “That settles you ’round hyar!”
the rancher roared. “Durkin, yo’re
fired! Go git yore war bag, and
then yuh plumb make tracks!”

  Durkin’s bruised jaw sagged.
“Why, yuh dirty, double-crossin’
crook!” he snarled, then suddenly
broke off.

  This .time, the slow-witted jasper
had caught his boss’s frantic wink.
His head dropped in his hands.

  “Dang!” he moaned. “I’m sick.”

  “Sick er not, yo’re fired!” Markly
snapped. “Eat breakfast, then be
off.”

  A smirk of satisfaction had shown
for an instant on that long horse
face.

  “I’m sorry, West,” the slick ranch
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

53

owner apologized. “Durkin, hyar,
has always been a pest.”

  Billy took time to frame his an-
swer. After all, he knew he could
prove nothing, even though he
wasn’t deceived in the least.

  He had just made up his mind to
appear to accept the explanation,
when suddenly the ranch yard rang
to the steely thud of hoofs.

  Gravel swished and rattled as a
horse was yanked to a stop. Run-
ning boot heels smote the ground.
The next moment Pablo Sanchez
burst in upon the group.

  “The Phantom Rider again, Senor
Markly!” he cried. “The Keed’s
ghost have come back!”

CHAPTER IV.

ACCUSATION.

\X/HAT?” the big rancher yelled.

    “Back? Yuh mean outside?”
His hand flew to his gun. His
face was twisted in wrath.

  “No, not outside,” Pablo cried
quickly. “He have come and gone!
Once more, he take the stock!”

  Plug Markly blew up with the
news. He raged and fumed and
swore. For a full minute he had no
control of himself, then he rasped at
the Mex:

  “Yuh and Rip let him take ’em,
did yuh? When did all this hap-
pen? Don’t stand thar and bat yore
eyes, yuh thick-headed nitwit!”

  The grizzled vaquero drew him-
self up half angrily at the words.

  “We cannot help ourselves,” he
protested, with the simple dignity of
the well-bred member of his race.
“It happen two hour ago. The
Phantom come lak a streak. Senor
Rip he ees try to shoot,” he ex-
plained. “Billy the Keed’s ghost
knock heem out. Me, I am frighten
some. But I try to protect the
stock.”

  “Yeah? What d’yuh do, run?”
Plug Markly snarled. “Yuh danged
weak-kneed pequeno! Yuh baby!
I’ll bet yuh didn’t even shoot!”

  “No, senor. What was the use?
One cannot keel an espiritu! But I
try to turn the cattle. My horse
go down. My head hit the so hard
rock. I am stun’. I just wake up!”
Markly went furious at the ex-
planation.

  “Thet’s twice in one night yuh
didn’t try ter stop thet thievin’ rus-
tler!” he howled. “I think yo’re in
cahoots with him! Yo’re fired, blast
yuh! Git off my place!”

  Old Pablo’s dark eyes flashed. He
had been as faithful as he could, ac-
cording to his lights. Angrily he
snapped back:

  “Your place! Yes, a place bought
with a murderer’s bullet! Yo’ do not
fool the people hereabouts, Senor
Markly! They suspect! Many are

certain that-”

  “Why, yuh danged mouthy fool!”
The words ripped out with vicious
force. “I’ll kill yuh fer thet!”

  Markly’s face was a thing of
deadly rage as the six-gun he held
snapped up. Old Pablo gave a sharp
cry.

  The weapon roared—wildly, for a
swift, bronzed young hand had shot
out and grasped Markly’s wrist with
a grip as tight as it was fast.

  A Colt .45, produced with a light-
ning blur, was already prodding the
rancher hard beneath the heart.
Billy West’s crisp voice cracked:
“One more move like thet one,
Markly, and yo’re plumb likely to
be a dead snake!”

  The horse-faced hombre gasped.
His eyes rolled in a mixture of ter-
ror and amazement.

  Billy’s weapon bored in tight.
“Drop thet gun!” the firm-jawed
waddy hissed.

  Markly obeyed, his fingers limp.
54

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

The jasper was green around the
lips.

  His own men had dug for six-guns,
but now a hot voice cut at them like
a lash:

  “Drag iron, and yuh git lead fer
breakfast, yuh danged sneakin’ pole-
cats! Joe Scott talkin’, with his six-
gun ready ter take up right whar he
leaves off!”

  The redhead’s gun wove back and
forth across the motionless group.

  Buck Foster, almost as quick, had
his own old hogleg out, its black
mouth seeming to loom up like a
cannon as he threw down on the
toughs.

  “Draw, dern ye, draw!” the vet-
eran roared. “Help me, Hannah, if
I ain’t honin’ ter blow up a mess o’
skunks!”

  No one attempted to draw, how-
ever. Hard-boiled though they
were, the Rocking H crew knew
enough not to take chances with
such a pair. The faces of both Buck
and Joe were fierce with eagerness
and fight.

  Snarling, muttering oaths, the gun
toughs backed away. Markly, re-
leased by Billy, finally got his voice
back.

  “What’re yuh all gawkin’ thar
fer?” he howled, to cover his own de-
feat. “Thet Phantom has got my
cattle! Saddle up and run him down!
He’s got a two-hour start!”

  With the words, the long jasper
rushed out toward the horse corral.
His men followed him with a rush.
They’d had enough of Circle J. In
less than five minutes, the whole
bunch, including the fake drunk,
Durkin, were spurring through the
dawn, to take up the Phantom’s
chase.

  “They weel nevair catch heem,”
old Pablo said, with simple positive-
ness. “That ees eempossible. The
Ghost of Billy the Keed, he vanish

when he want to—poof!” The old
man snapped his fingers. “Just lak
that.”

  “Say, does yuh really believe all
thet?” Joe Scott cried. While he
possessed a bit of superstition him-
self, the sorrel-top wasn’t at all sure
about that Phantom’s being a ghost.

  “Es verdad! Eet ees the truth!”
the leathery Mex declared with deep
earnestness. “The Phantom, just
lak the Keed in old days, he help
the poor against the rich. Those
cattle wid the Spanish brands, they
are not Senor Markly’s. They be-
long to poor Mexicans. By thees
time, I bet yo’, the Keed have take
them back.”

  “Waal, I’ll be a horned toad!”
Buck grunted. “What does yuh
know about thet?”

  “I know,” Billy West snapped,
with something of a grim smile,
“thet Markly shore doesn’t seem to
need our help. If those cattle were
stolen, they certainly ought to go
back.

  “What interests me most,” he
went on, turning to Pablo, “is what
yuh meant by accusin’ Markly of
buyin’ this ranch with a murderer’s
bullet. Did he kill some hombre to
get the Rockin’ H?”

  The little, gray-haired old vaquero
didn’t answer at once. When at last
he spoke, his voice held a strange
tinge of regret:

  “I should not have said eet maybe
—in the hotness of my tempair. Eet
is not wise to accuse widout real
proof. But the so fine old gentle-
man what own thees place before, he
ees disappear. Folks theenk that he
was shot.”

  “And Markly done it, huh?” Buck
Foster blurted out. “By heifers!
Ain’t thar no law in this country?
Let’s go hang thet skunk!”

  Pablo’s answer was an expressive
shrug. “There ees law, all right.
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

55

But, as I have say, there ees no
proof. The body have nevair been
found. People, they just suspect.”

  Under Billy’s urging, the aged va-
quero began to give a more detailed
account.

  According to his story, old Jim
Hannah, former owner of the place,
had sold out to Markly and one
“Gyp” Thain—a professional gam-
bler and card shark—for a good-
sized wad of cash.

  The next day, Hannah had set out
north. He was never seen again,
but nearly a week later, his cayuse,
bearing a saddle with dried red
stains upon it, was found far up in
the Capitans.

  Folks put two and two together.
Only Markly and Gyp Thain had
known about that cash.

  “Senor Markly, he have bad repu-
tation for long,” old Pablo said sim-
ply. “Senor Thain, he have even
worse. He ees tall, dark, flashy
hombre, who run the Pay Dirt Sa-
loon up here at next town, Arriba.
He have keel men wid queeck throw
of hees knife.”

  “Arriba, eh?” said Billy. “Why,
thet’s where we were headed! A
knife-thrower, huh? Then Thain
might have done thet killin’ him-
self.”

  Old Pablo nodded. “That would
not surprise me, either way,” he de-
clared. “They both claim at first
that Senor Hannah have just gone
on about hees business. But now
they make big talk eet ees the Phan-
tom what have keel him. That ees
all big lie! The Keed was not yet
come back when that murdaire was
done.”

  The old man’s eyes flashed fiercely
with, his concluding words. Pablo
Sanchez was certainly a stanch sup-
porter of his “ghost,” the Kid!

  “Shore, the ha’nt never done it,”
Buck Foster announced, as posi-

tively as if he knew all about the
whole affair. “He am a downright
decent ghost, I’d say.”

  “Yeah?” Joe Scott jeered the
lanky veteran. “Mebbe yuh thinks
so much of him yuh wants ter throw
in with him. Thet shore would be
some pardnership! Buck Foster and
a ghost! Haw-haw-haw!” he roared.

  Buck glared at the redhead, who
was bent over with his mirth.

  “Thet’s right, go on and bray, yuh
danged long-eared burro!” the
grizzled cowpoke snorted. “Yuh
ain’t got no sense! Me an’ thet
Phantom’d, make a durned good
team! We both helps poor folks.”
“What a team yuh’d make!” Joe
howled. “A team has got ter pull to-
gether. Yuh couldn’t be dragged
within a mile of. no ghost!”

  “Am thet so? Waal, yuh jist wait
and see.” Buck was so indignant
that he was yanking fiercely at his
prized mustache with both hands.
“The fust chance I gits I’m goin’ ter
meet up with thet thar ha’nt.”
“Well,” said Billy, with a smile,
“mebbe we’ll meet him on the way
to town. Come on now! Get yore
hosses! We’ve saved my money
belt.”

  Soon they were riding away,
headed for Arriba, where Billy had
heard that some good stock might
be had. They had had a night of
adyenture, but there, Billy supposed,
the matter would end.

  They had no proof on Markly,
crook though they knew him to be.
As for the Phantom, Billy was con-
tent to let him keep the Rocking H
rancher running around in circles .
and pawing at his head.

  Like old Pablo, he didn’t think
that the elusive young night rider
would be caught. And Markly cer-
tainly deserved to lose all his stolen
stock.

  The vaquero jogged along with
56

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

them, for now he had no job. Be-
low them, in the morning light, lay
the lower slopes of the Capitans. A
clear little stream sparkled, far
away, in the sun.

  The Rio Bonito it was, its banks
dotted with the occasional dobes of
small Mexican ranchers. In the
tangy New Mexico atmosphere,
everything seemed peaceful and se-
rene.

  “Say,” Billy suddenly asked old
Pablo, “what about thet other night
herder who was with yuh—thet fel-
lah Rip somebody or other? Yuh
said the Phantom knocked him out.
It’s jist struck me thet he never did
show up.”

  Pablo shrugged. “Rip was tough
gunman. When I regain my senses,
he ees gone. Maybe he try to chase
the Phantom. Maybe the Phantom
has take heem. Quien sabe! Who
knows?”

  “Shore,” said Joe. “Buck’s pard-
ner got him. Thet’s all.”

  “Aw, yuh go ter grass!” the vet-
eran growled, as the others laughed.
“Some o’ these days, shore enough,
I’ll throw in with thet ha’nt.”

  Sing Lo drew a yellow eyelid down
at Joe in a sly wink. •

  “Mistlee Foster, him heap clazy,”
the little chink said blandly. “So
be, him plenty loco.”

  The walrus-mustached cowpoke
popped up in his stirrups like a red-
faced jack-in-the-box.

  “Why—why—say, yuh ugly pot-
wrastlin’ heathen!” he sputtered fu-
riously. “Yuh make another crack
like thet, and I’ll jist natcherly tear

yuh plumb-”

  An excited exclamation from Pa-
blo, the -vaquero, cut off the veteran
short. Down the hillside the old
Mexican had extended a stabbing
finger.

  “Look! Look!” he cried. “The
Phantom!”

  “Whar?” Buck’s jaw had sagged
at once.

  “There! Down near the Bonito.
See heem, whooping along those
cattle? Eet ees heem! He always
rides that beeg white horse.”

  All eyes had swept in the direc-
tion indicated. Sure enough, a
lithely riding figure was hazing a
bunch of stock across the little
stream. He was working swiftly, as
if his time was short.

CHAPTER V.

THE PHANTOM AT WORK.

DILLY WEST’S gray eyes flashed
with an eager light. A mystery,
always intrigued him, especially one
of the range. Quickly his spurs
flicked back.

  “Come on!” he shouted, and thun-
dered down the slope.

  The Circle J boss had a keen de-
sire to get near that baffling Phan-
tom and see him at close range. If
once he beheld him closely, Billy
felt that he could tell for himself
whether this bullet-proof jasper was
a real outlaw or not.

  Behind him, Joe Scott was pound-
ing along at once. Pablo made no
move. Neither did Sing Lo, for the
little Oriental was as superstitious
almost as Buck.

  As for that grizzled veteran, he
didn’t know what to do. He had
made his brags about the ghost, but
talking was one thing, and acting
another. Buck was still plenty leery
about getting near a ha’nt.

  “Waal, what’re yuh waitin’ fer,
yuh skeery ol’ woman?” Joe yelled
back a jeering taunt. “Thar’s yore
pard down thar. Ain’t yuh goin’ ter
give him no help?”

  That gibe decided Buck. He just
had had to make a show of getting in
the play.

He rammed back his spurs, but
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

57

lie took care to see that they struck
only his saddle cinch. He didn’t
want his cayuse to tear down on
that ha’nt too fast.

  The rider below heard them com-
ing and threw back a hurried look.
They were still nearly a quarter of a
mile away. Working like fury, he
rushed the cattle across the stream
and into the trees and brush upon
the farther bank.

  “Go to it, my friend!” Billy
grunted. “Yuh may be fast, but I
think I’m ridin’ the better horse.”

  By this time, Phantom and stock
had disappeared. Billy forged on
down, expecting at any moment to
see them bob up again upon the
farther slope.

  But they didn’t reappear. Billy,
his pards left well behind, plunged
into the tangle of willows along the
stream. In a moment more, he was
across.

  The jacal or small hut of a Mexi-
can loomed before him. Dust rose
from a brush corral.

  As Billy sped to it, and saw that
it held only scrub cattle, a man
burst from the house.

  Excitement was in his seamed
brown face. He was waving his
hands and crying:

  “They have come back again! My
vacas! My cows! I am a rancher
once more! Ten thousand million
thanks I give to that so good
Ghost!”

  Then the eyes of the rejoicing
Mexican fell upon Billy West.

  “What yo’ do here?” he cried.
“Yo’ try to follow the Ked? Yuh
try to catch heem!” he accused.
“Diantre!” he hissed fiercely. “Get
yo’ off my place!”

  “Whoa, friend!” Billy returned.
“Yuh needn’t get all het up. I don’t
mean thet Phantom any harm. But
where did he go? He vanished like
a flash.” .

  The old Mexican nodded, smiled.
“Of course, he vanish. He always
vanish. I no see heem at all.”
Billy looked around quickly.
Hoofmarks led up the stream.

  Some distance up the Bonito a
white streak caught his eye. The
Phantom had broken from cover, on
a sharp cut back to the hills.

  A brushy canyon gave down be-
fore him. Riding like a whirlwind,
he would soon be in that draw.

  Billy whirled Danger. With a
frantic cry, the old Mexican leaped
for the chestnut’s bit.

  “No! No!” he shouted, hanging
on with all his might. “Let heem
go! He ees good hombre! He ees
poor Juan’s friend!”

  “I reckon yo’re right,” said Billy.
“We’ve got no right to crowd him
after all, I guess.”

  The Circle J owner reined down,
to keep from dragging the Mex.

  Joe Scott, just splashing into the
no, had likewise wheeled his mount
toward the fleeing rider. The red-
head jerked a gun, but the distance
was much too far for the longest
six-gun work.

 The keen-eyed Phantom must
have seen the movement, however,
for he whipped a rifle from a saddle
boot. The weapon leaped to his
shoulder and spoke with a mocking
crack.

  The song of a bullet whined over-
head, yet the slug didn’t seem to
have been thrown with any inten-
tion to hit.

  Then a wave of his arm, and the
Phantom was gone, to the relief of
old Juan, the Mex.

  “Let him go, Joe,” Billy called.
“I’ve kind o’ changed my mind.
I’ve just seen some of his work.”
The seamed face of Juan Martinez
grew into a wreath of smiles. He
nodded vigorously.

  “Si! Si!” he cried. “Yo’ are muy
58

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

wise hombre. Nevair seek to follow
the Ghost.”

  By this time, Buck Foster had
come pounding down.

 “Dem!” he growled. “He got
away. Thar ain’t no speed in me
hoss!”

  Joe Scott laughed on a jeering
note. “Yuh mean thar ain’t no zip
in Buck, when it comes ter chasin’
a ghost. I’ve seen yuh do some
mighty fancy ridin’ on thet thar ca-
yuse.”

  Buck snapped back an angry de-
nial that he hadn’t done his best.
Immediately the two were engaged
in a heated jawing match.

  They were still at it, hammer and
tongs, when at length Sing Lo and
Pablo showed up. That pair had
taken their time in coming down.

  Billy, watching them, had seen
them stop for a bit and go poking
about a brush heap well up the
mountain slope.

  “What took yuh so long?” he
asked. “It looked to me like yuh’d
found somethin’ up there in thet
brush.”

  “So be, bloss!” Sing Lo replied.
“We find dead cow what somebody
had shot. Maybe it was that Phan-
tlom, what wanted it fo’ beef.”
“Shore,” Buck Foster, who was
getting the worst of it with Joe, hur-
ried to chime in at once. “Thet
Phantom must ’a’ done it. He’s a
plumb smart homlye. He jist
wanted him some meat.”

  “Yuh danged ignorant ol’ badger,”
the Circle J redhead snickered,
“don’t yuh know a ha’nt don’t eat?”
Buck glared. “Heck, no! I don’t
know it,” he flared, sticking hotly
to his guns. “If yuh wasn’t so
durned ignorant yoreself, yuh’d
know a ha’nt kin do anything he
Wants to. The Phantom done the
steer-killin’, I’ll bet me hat!”

  The others laughed, all except

Pablo, the leathery old vaquero. He
seemed to take Buck’s stubborn re-
marks at their face value, for he
protested at once:

  “Oh, no, eet could not have been
the Keed! That was cow of poor
man, shot long time ago. No meat
have been taken. The Phantom
would not do that.”

  “Well, I don’t think it’s worth ar-
guing over,” Billy West announced.
“Probably just some crippled steer
its owner shot to put out of its mis-
ery. Or diseased, mebbe, since he
didn’t take its meat.”

  Dismissing the matter as of no
consequence, the young boss of
Circle J resumed "his journey with
his pards and old Pablo toward the
town of Arriba.

  The place, when they sighted it
about two hours- later, lay in a
pocket of the Capitans well beyond
that part of the range toward which
the Phantom had seemed headed.

  The town’s long, crooked main
street twisted from the Pay Dirt Sa-
loon at one end, to a squat dobe
structure housing Arriba’s one bank
at the other. Cow ponies lined
hitch racks in between, the Rocking
H brand prominent among them.

  Billy went at once to the bank,
for in cattle country, it is usually
the local banker who knows best
those ranchers who are buying and
selling.

  The rest of the Circle J drifted,
rather naturally, into the town’s
chief place of amusement—the Pay
Dirt.

  “Now look a hyar, chink,” Buck
Foster informed Sing Lo impor-
tantly, as they clumped in, “yuh
ain’t goin’ ter do no drinkin’. Yuh
know yuh cain’t handle yore liquor
like a veteran. Yuh lay offn thet
tanglefoot, as yuh calls it.”

  The slant-eyed little Oriental
looked highly disappointed. Whisky
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

59

was one of his two greatest weak-
nesses, the other being poker. The
Pay Dirt had promised both, but
here Buck, who loved to act bossy,
was being a wet blanket right at the
start.

  “Sing Lo just take um one
dlinkee,” the yellow-faced little cook
protested. “Lat will do him good.
Then he play some ploker.”

  “Waal, if yuh was as slick with
yore liquor as yuh are with cards,”
snorted Buck, “yuh could have thet
drink. But yuh ain’t. So yuh jist
gits what Joe always takes—saspar-
iller!”

  Sing Lo argued the matter, of
course, but for once, Buck Foster
was right. The veteran had a sort
of standing order from Billy to see
that the chink stayed sober.

  Giving in reluctantly, Sing Lo
took his soft drink, along with Joe.
Buck downed the single slug of
stronger stuff which that hard-bitten
old waddy allowed himself, then
rolled his fierce brown eyes about
him.

  “Say,” he growled to the bar-
tender, “ain’t this hyar Pay Dirt Sa-
loon run by an hombre named Gyp
Thain, what is half owner o’ the
Rockin’ H?” '

  “Si, Senor Thain own thees place,”
the barkeep—a short, pock-marked
Mex—made answer. “There he ees
at poker table. Did yo’ weesh to
speak wid heem?”

  A dirty finger had pointed toward
a tall, flashily dressed hombre mak-
ing the pasteboards sing beneath his
slender fingers.

  Buck saw at once that Gyp Thain
looked every inch the slick profes-
sional gambler. A big diamond ring
shone on each hand. An elaborate
horseshoe pin of diamonds glittered
in his necktie. His eyes were like
diamonds, too—hard, icy, brittle.

  His face was dark, a cold, frozen

poker mask that folks said hid many
things of smooth and crafty cunning.
They didn’t say it aloud, however.
As quick to strike as a rattler, Gyp
Thain was deadly dangerous.

  “Naw, I don’t want ter talk to
him,” Buck blurted to the barkeep.
“I jist wanted ter git a look at the
crooked son of a gun. They tells
me him and Markly was mixed up
in thet Hannah killin’.”

  “Shut up, yuh fool!” Joe hissed
in the veteran’s ear. “Does you
want ter start a heap o’ trouble?
Thar ain’t no proof ter thet. Hyar,
barkeep, give me another glass of
saspariller,” the redhead called, for
the pock-marked Mex had begun
moving toward the poker table.

  Joe, cool and level-headed, could
see no need for stirring up a row,
with nothing to be gained by so do-
ing.

  The bartender came back, his
dark eyes glittering in their deep,
sunken pockets. Joe kept him busy
dishing out drinks that the waddy
didn’t want. Meantime, Sing Lo
had sidled over to the poker players.

  “Is this game open game?” he
asked eagerly. “Anybody can get
in him, so be, maybe?”

  Thain’s cold black eyes—as hard
as agates—shot over the bland-faced
cook in an appraising glance. The
faintest trace of a smile tinged the
tight lips of the gambler. Here
looked like an easy victim.

  “It’s open if you got money
enough,” he said coldly.

  Gyp Thain, who had many irons
in the fire, never overlooked a
chance to add to his profits.

  “Chinkee got plenty of dinero.
Him wantee play. Him feel lucky,”
“He’ll need luck,” somebody
sneered, far down at the end of the
bar, as Thain waved the chink to a
seat. And, inside of ten minutes,
the little Oriental knew it.
60

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

CHAPTER VI.

      , A HUNCH.

MEANWHILE, Billy West was
finishing a brief session with the
banker. This latter—a roly-poly
little man whose ruddy, apple cheeks
and friendly blue eyes contrasted
sharply with the white hair which
sixty years had brought—didn’t take
long in telling him that few cattle
were to be bought.

  “Cow folks have been selling stuff
off right fast here lately,” Banker
Blaine informed him. “They had to
—or be stole ragged. There’s a mys-
terious outlaw operating hereabouts
—smooth as a dogie’s nose: the
Phantom!”

  “Yes,” said Billy, “I’ve heard of
him. Fact is, I saw him.”

  “You did?” Blaine showed instant
interest. •

  Briefly then, Billy recounted his
little brush with the outlaw down
at the Mexican ranch.

  The banker smiled. “Well, it is
a fact that the Phantom seems to
aid many Mexicans. But he, or
somebody else, is certainly biting
into the bigger outfits. My bank’s
crammed full of money, there’s been
so much hurried selling.”

  Billy got to his feet. “So there’s
nobody yuh can recommend to me,
then?” he asked. “Surely somebody
ought to have good stuff left. They
can’t all be scared of this Phantom.”
“Nobody but Thain and Markly,
and you said you couldn’t do busi-
ness with the Rocking H. Come to
think of it, though, Thain owns an-
other small outfit. You might try
him, down at the Pay Dirt.”
“Thanks,” said Billy, “I will.”

  He left the little bank and headed
down the street, more interested in
seeing Plug Markly's card-shark
partner than in dealing with such a
type.

  Like Buck, Billy hadn’t forgotten
old Pablo’s story about the suspi-
cions aroused by the disappearance
of Hannah, the Rocking H’s former
owner.

  He had almost gained the bat-
wing doors of the saloon, when a
terrific din broke out inside. The
crash of falling chairs and tables
struck harshly on his ears.

  Then Sing Lo’s voice rang out, in
a squeal of frantic terror. Billy
went through the doors like a shot.
The Pay Dirt was in an uproar.

  Sing Lo, in the savagely cold
grasp of Gyp Thain, was being
shaken like a rat, while the little
chink shrieked murder.

  For card shark had just met card
shark there at the gambling- table.
Sing Lo, for all of his bland, inno-
cent face, had proved anything but
guileless.

  Long before he’d ever become a
ranch cook, he’d had other training.
As assistant to a fourth-rate travel-
ing magician, he’d learned all the
tricks of the trade, including smooth
card handling..

  Thain had cheated him, of course.
And Sing Lo had cheated back. So
slick was he that he had beat the
gambler at his own crooked game.

  Gyp Thain’s hard eyes hadn’t
been quick enough to catch him, but
the man’s knowledge had. No one
could be as lucky as Sing Lo seemed
to be, he knew. The chink must be
holding out cards.

  Lunging across the table, the gam-
bler’s hand had snaked up into the
Chinaman’s loosely flowing black
sleeve. Out cameu four hidden aces
—and then the bffttle was on.

  As Billy sprang through the door,
Thain was choking the little man
until his agonized face was more
green than yellow. A knife flashed
in the fellow’s hand. He looked fu-
rious enough to use it.
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

61

  “Drop it!” Billy yelled, whipping
out his gun.

  But already something else had
happened. So swiftly had things oc-
curred that Buck and Joe were just
springing into action.

  The redhead dug for his gun, but
Buck didn’t even take that time.
Like a buffalo bull on the charge, the
veteran had made for the gambler.

  Wham! Buck’s horny ball of a
fist took Thain under the ear. The
hombre staggered a dozen feet, yet
he held on to that glittering knife.

  His face was no longer expression-
less. It was a thing of vicious mur-
der.

  Back his hand flipped like a
streak. Buck, coming on, was a
wide-open target.

  Men, diving out of the way, sent
Joe Scott sprawling. Others bore
down on Billy, without even seeing
that waddy.

  Crash! A weapon roared.

  A slug sped between the heads of
two leaping hombres, and hot air
fanned their cheeks, but Gyp
Thain’s knife was gone. Poised to
leave his hand, it had suddenly been
shot from out his grasp.

  Smoking gun at his thigh, Billy
West stepped forward.

  “Leave thet knife lay, yuh rat!”
he snapped. “Or the next time I’ll
not be so careful of yuh.”

  His eyes matched Thain’s for ice.
His face was even more deadly.

  The gambler shook himself to-
gether. His face resumed its mask.

  Gyp Thain’s profession had
taught him coolness, while hate
raged hot within. That kind is as
dangerous as a lurking rattlesnake.

  “Just as you say, hombre,” he
rapped at Billy West. “You have
the upper hand. If these are your
men, take them out of here! They
disturb the peace of the Pay Dirt!”

  “Why, yuh dirty bum!” snarled

Buck. “Yuh started all this! I got
me a good notion ter boot yuh
plumb until the middle o’ next week.
Git up, Sing Lo, and bust ’im!”
“Dry up!” rapped Billy curtly.
He herded his pards out of the door,
for he had no taste for saloon brawls.
Gyp Thain called after him, in words
that seemed ice-sheeted:

 “The next time we meet, my
friend, I intend to be the quicker.”
There was cold death in the
threat, if not exactly in the words.
Billy West merely shrugged. Every-
where the Circle J went in the Capi-
tans, they seemed to be making ene-
mies.

  Well, they could take care of
themselves, Billy reckoned, against
these crooked Rocking H partners.;

  His eves went up the street.
“Huh! think of the ol’ Harry,” he
muttered, “and darned if here he
don’t come a-faunchin’.”

  Three horsemen had burst down
the trail giving into Arriba from up
past the little bank. Plug Markly
rode in the lead, plying his horse
with steel.

  The others rode just as hard.
Excitement was plain upon them.

  They slid to a halt at the Pay
Dirt. Markly’s horse face had a pe-
culiar look. Once again, Billy West
thought he was acting, as the jasper
yelled:

  “The Phantom! He’s pulled an-
other killin’! Jake Steiger, what
owns the Ransom Mine, has disap-
peared, along with thet big pay roll
he was totin’ to his miners!”

  A crowd was already around the
three, for townsfolk had been leg-
ging it toward the Pay Dirt as a re-
sult of the previous uproar.

  Harsh cries at once went up.
Somebody yelled:

  “Git a posse!”

 “Thet’s what we come fer!”
snapped Markly. “Everybody out!
62

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

Git guns! We’ll take thet Phantom
and hang ’im higher’n a dozen
eagles!”

  Gyp Thain shouldered coolly into
the press.

  “What’s that, Plug?” he called to
Markly. “Old Jake Steiger mur-
dered? Are you sure of it? What
makes you think it was the Phan-
tom?”

  The words were the natural ones
of an hombre who didn’t get easily
excited. Yet Billy West had the im-
pression they were said almost as if
they had been rehearsed.

  Plug Markly snapped them up,
-like an actor snatching at a cue al-
most before he heard it:

  “Murdered! O’ course, he was
murdered! Thet old buckboard he
always drives was thar in the road,
all red-splotched. Lots of sign of a
struggle, too. And the Hoss Doc,
hyar, he’s ready ter swear thet he
saw the Phantom.”

  Markly nodded to the second of
the three riders. He was a long,
gangling individual, with a drink-
reddened nose, pale, watery eyes,
and a general seedy, hangdog expres-
sion.

  Billy sized him up at once. The
jasper might have been a horse doc-
tor, or veterinary, at one time, but
he certainly didn’t seem so now.

  The West wants reliable men
whom it can depend upon for such
work, when needed. This hombre
was far from that type. He looked
more like a drink-wrecked weakling.

  And such indeed he was. “Hoss
Doc” they called him, because he
had tried the practice once, and
failed. Whisky had brought him
down. A hanger-on at Gyp Thain’s,
he got bed and board by that gam-
bler’s favor.

  “Yes, yes!” the fellow gulped. “I
—I seen the Phantom!”

  “Yuh did?” snapped Billy West,

for he thought the man was lying.
“If yuh did, what’s he look like?”
“Why—why,” the Hoss Doc stam-
mered, “he—er—thet is I didn’t see
him close. But I—I saw his white
horse. Oh, yes,” he gulped, “it was
the Phantom.”

  Billy shot another quick question.
“Did he have that mine owner with
him?”

  “Why, n-no,” the gangling jasper
admitted. “I guess—I reckon”—he
tugged at his shirt collar, while his
watery eyes rolled from Markly to
Thain, as if in search of guidance—
“I must’ve seen him just—just be-
fore the murder.”

  The fellow was getting confused.
Gyp Thain swung coldly on Billy.

  “My young friend,” the gambler
snapped, with icy tone, “it seems to
me that you’re mighty interested in
defending this Phantom!”

  “Interested,” Billy informed him,
“in getting at the truth. Does thet
worry yuh,” he rapped, “or not?”
“It does not!” Thain rapped.

  For a moment, their hard eyes
clashed. Billy West was a stranger
here. Already the crowd had begun
to regard him with hostile, doubtful
looks.

  Then tension was broken, how-
ever, when the third of the news-
bearing riders cried, in a voice that
choked:

  “It don’t make no difference who
pulled thet job! 01’ Jake Steiger
was as white an ol’ Dutchman as
ever lived, even if he was my boss!
We’ve got ter run this murderer
down, and git back thet pay-roll
loot!”

  The speaker, the mine superin-
tendent, was an honest-looking jas-
per who was undoubtedly greatly
worked up.

  Quickly a posse was formed and
went thundering out of town. The
Circle J rode in their midst, despite
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

63

Gyp Thain’s and the crowd’s hard
looks.

  Billy’s keen brain was busy. Near
him galloped old Pablo Sanchez.
He dropped back to the vaquero’s
side, with a low remark:

  “What do yuh think of it, Pablo?
Would the Phantom pull a job like
thet?”

  “No, no!” The Mexican was em-
phatic. “Senor Steiger, heem honest
old man. Hees mine give work to
poor folks. Thees robbair have steal
from them, for that was beeg pay
roll—t’ree months back pay! Senor
Steiger he just raise eet, aftaire long*
fight wid hard luck.”

  Billy West’s eyes narrowed. The
raising of such a pay roll could have
been no secret in Arriba then. He
was highly interested in what the
posse might find, when they reached
the scene of the murder or attack.

  They found little enough, how-
ever. The twisting trail to the mine
was rocky here, and many riders
seemed to have thrashed about the
spot.

  “Looks to me like a gang jumped
him,” Billy said crisply. “This ain’t
the Phantom’s work.”

  “Yeah?” Plug Markly sneered.
“Thet’s what yuh say! Them tracks
was made by my punchers. We was
lookin’ fer thet Phantom cow thief,
when we run inter the mine super-
intendent, hyar whar the murder
took place.”

  “Well, all I can say,” Billy rapped,
“is thet yuh did a mighty fine job
of foggin’ the sign complete.”

  In fact, so thoroughly had all trail
sign been blotted out that the posse
had no idea which way to turn. For
long hours, they searched the sec-
tion over, without the slightest re-
sult.

  It had been close to noon when
they started. Night found them a
tired, worn group. They headed

back for town, disgruntled and
fagged out.

  Darkness closed on the scene, and
in that darkness three riders, watch-
ing their chance, dropped well back
behind the rest.

  No one seemed to see them go—
Markly and Thain and the Hoss
Doc.

  One pair of keen gray eyes, how-
ever, noted their absence at once.
Hardly had they faded away, when
Billy West, suspicious for hours
now, turned back.

  Silently, he, too, was gone, with-
out an opportunity to tell his pards
that he was following the three hom-
bres—and one mighty persistent
hunch.

CHAPTER VII.

ELUSIVE LOOT.

J^OWN under a sheltering cut-
bank, three hombres squatted,
slightly out of the moonlight. Their
horses were dark, splotchy outlines,
a few yards to their rear.

  From out of a saddlebag, Plug
Markly had just lifted a canvas
sack.

  “Waal, hyar she is, Gyp,” he re-
marked, his voice a chuckling rasp.
“Forty-eight hundred dollars! And
did ol’ Steiger fight! I had ter plug
him three times before thet old buz-
zard passed out.”

  “Just so he passed,” Gyp Thain
grunted callously. “You got the
body done away with, did you? And
done away with right?”

  “Shore,” the long-faced rancher
growled. “The Hoss Doc seen ter
thet.”

  Beside them, the gangling Hoss
Doc nodded, and gulped. “Yes, he
—he’s fixed.” The weak-chinned
jasper seemed to shiver. “I got it
done. But I don’t like thet—thet
kind o’ work.”

“Like it or not, you’ll do it,” the
64

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

gambler snapped. “You’re in on
this, clean up to your neck!”

  Turning, Thain’s hard eyes gim-
leted the doc.

  “Now just you get this!” he
ground out. “I furnish the brains,
Plug does the gun work, and as long
as there’s easy money to be had,
you’re going to do your stuff! Do
you think I’m keeping you up for
nothing, you spineless, drink-soaked
rat?”

  “No, no, of course not!” the un-
easy hombre cried in haste. “But,
Gyp, you—you ain’t figgerin’ on an-
other job right off?”

  “I am. This very night. Banker
Blaine’s old tin safe is just full of
cash.”

  The Hoss Doc’s pale eyes blinked.
He fumbled at his throat.

  “But—but if we keep on,” he pro-
tested, “we’re liable to be found
out.”

  Plug Markly sneered. “Aw,. buck
up! How’re they goin’ ter prove
anything ag’in us? A jasper ain’t
dead-—in the eyes o’ the law—until
his body is found. Thet’s why we’re
usin’ yuh—ter make plumb shore
thet it ain’t.”

  The Hoss Doc shuddered again
The others looked at him with con-
tempt.

  Then Gyp Thain began outlining
his plans—cold, cunning, snake-
brained at every step.

  “To-night’s the time,” he finished,
after covering the details. “Every-
body’s riled up about that Phantom.
They’ll blame the job on him. We’ll
have ’em running in circles, while we
split us up more loot.”

  “Speakin’ of loot,” Plug Markly
growled, “let’s make our divvy on
this hyar pay roll. And I wants a
full share too! I didn’t get quite
half after I bumped off Jim Han-
nah, with the money we give him fer
the Rockin’ H.”

  “You’ll get just what you de-
serve,” Gyp Thain’s voice was flat.
Once again, his eyes were as hard
and glittering as the diamonds in his
tie. “Thet pay roll is forty-eight
hundred. I’m taking three thou-
sand. The Hoss Doc gets a hun-
dred. An’ you, Markly, can have
the rest.”

  Plug Markly’s protest was instant,
harsh.

  “Why, blast yuh!” he snarled.
“Yuh cain’t hog me like thet! I’m
doin’ all the killin’. I gits half.”
Impulsively his hand had dropped
to his six-gun as his words ripped
out, with an oath.

  Gyp Thain’s own slender fingers
slid up to the back of that frozen-
faced gambler’s neck.

  “You’ll get six inches of steel
driven through your throat!” he
snapped with icy deadliness, as he
fingered his throwing knife. “One
more crack out of you, and they’ll
be looking for another disappearing
owner of the Rocking H!”

  Plug Markly’s small close-set eyes
glared back. But slowly he released
his hold upon his gun butt. It was
plain to see who was the iron-hard
ruler of this mess of crooks.

  “Dang yuh!” the rancher growled.
“Sometimes I hate yuh worse’n I

does thet Phantom. He-”

  “Is right here, gentlemen, to re-
lieve you of that loot!” The voice
crackled from a dense thicket of un-
dergrowth, not thirty feet to their
left.

  The stunned three spun with the
words. Materialized from nowhere,
a lithe young form stood there, dim
in the faint moonlight. A six-gun
in each hand wove slowly across the
group. The click of two hammers
was heard as the weapons rode back
to full cock.

  “Draw, knife or gun,” the dim fig- •
ure warned coolly, “and you’ll never
WW-4D
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

65

live out the move! Now, yuh dirty
cutthroats, toss me over that loot!”
Plug Markly, who held the pay-
roll sack, stared with eyes that
nearly popped. The Phantom was
gliding forward, his movements like
those of a shadow.

  His feet made no sound in the
sand. There were spurs at his boots,
but they didn't even tinkle. Indeed
he seemed like a ghost.

  His six-guns, however, were as real
as they were menacing. Like his
voice, they demanded that pay-roll
loot.

  With a gurgling catch in his
throat, Plug Markly tossed over the
well-filled sack.

  It fell at the Phantom’s feet and
a few bundles of greenbacks rolled
out. He took little notice, however,
for his eyes were still on the three
crooks.

  “Thain, Markly,” he gritted, in
tones even colder than Gyp’s, “yo’re
lucky to stand there and live. This
loot ain’t all I want. I want all the
deadwood on yuh! Some day, I’ll
get it, yuh hounds—proof of these
murders. And when I do, look out!”
Thain’s eyes were narrowed slits!
The Hoss Doc shook in his tracks.
From Plug Markly there%had welled
an explosive gasp.

  But it was a gasp of relief. By
his own cold words, the Phantom
had shown that he hadn’t bobbed up
here in time to overhear Plug’s
claims that he himself did all the
killing for the bunch.

  Not one of the trio moved, save
for thfe shaking knees of the doc.

  “Now,” ordered the Phantom,
“turn around. Then lift your guns
—by two fingers only—and flip ’em*
high up thet bank.”

The hombres started to obey, but
as they did so, from up the bank a
loose stone came bouncing down. It
sounded loud in the darkness. It
WW—5D

struck upon a boulder, with a start-
ling rattle and crash.

  Some one was coming! Some one
was near! The Phantom moved like
a flash.

  Bending, he swept up the sack,
shoved the spilled cash bundles in,
and whirled back toward the brush.
A swish of twigs, and he was gone
quickly into the night.

  But Gyp Thain had heard that
swish, knew that the Phantom had
ducked.

  The gambler chanced a swift turn.
The thud of horse’s hoofs broke
from the undergrowth.

  Brighter because of contrast with
the thicket, a patch of moonlight lay
beyond. A rider went streaking
across it, upon that white horse,
Ghost.

  “Stop ’im, with lead!”

  Thain raised a furious cry. The
gambler carried a gun as well as that
snaky knife.

  His .45 leaped forth. And Plug
IV^arkly’s was also out.

  Red slashes lanced the night. The
white horse stumbled, floundered,
went down with a jarring smash.

  The rider rolled from the leather,
still hanging to the sack. With a
snort, the cayuse surged back upon
its feet.

  The Phantom caught the saddle
in a desperate, lunging leap. Ap-
parently unhurt, he hipped about to
fire, as more lead whipped the moon-
lit patch.

  The next instant, he was reeling,
from horn to cantle and back. Elu-
sive though he’d always been, a slug
had found its mark.

  Then the swaying figure’s own
gun flamed in a leaden burst. The
ringing shot sang wild. The Phan-
tom was sagging badly, no longer
bullet proof.

  “We drilled him! He can’t last
long!” Thain’s voice was a savage
66

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

snarl. “After him quick, you fools!
He’s still got that pay-roll cash!”

  Indeed, the Phantom had. The
sack, a vague blotch in one hand,
rode with him through the night.

CHAPTER VIII.

A CLEVER RUSE.

'J'HAIN, Markly, and the Hoss Doc
piled into saddle leather and
went fogging in pursuit. The drum-
ming of their horses drowned out
the sound of running feet. A waddy,
racing along the cut bank, had ar-
rived a moment too late.

 That waddy was Billy West.
Warily he had followed the three
crooks for nearly an hour. Then a
tangle of slide rock they’d crossed
had made him drop behind.

  He had had to circle around, for
Danger’s steel-shod hoofs would
have warned them if he had pushed
straight on through the rock. Con-
sequently he lost them, a short time
before they halted beneath the shel-
tering bank.

  But his sense of direction was
keen and his ears a pair of the best.
When he heard no faintest sound
of horses, he knew that they had
stopped.

  Dismounting himself, he’d ranged
cautiously back and forth. A mum-
ble of voice had reached him, thrown
back by the high cut bank. Silently
he stole toward them, having gained
its top.

  But he was still some distance
away when the Phantom’s dim fig-
ure stepped forth. Hurriedly he
sped forward, for the mysterious
hombre’s sharp words let him know
what was taking place.

  The Phantom might be all right,
but Billy wanted to catch those
three buzzards with the loot. Then
his foot had struck a stone, the
Phantom had leaped to his horse.

  Too late, Billy was on the scene.
All that awaited him was the sound
of fierce pursuit.

  “Dang!” he muttered. “If thet
ain’t tough luck,\[ know who pulled
thet robbery beyond the slightest
doubt! But I can’t prove it on ’em.
It would just be their word against
mine in court.”

  Turning, he went legging it back
for the spot where he had left his
own fleet cayuse.

 That the Phantom was badly
wounded, he realized. The daring
young hombre might drop helpless,
at any minute, be killed by the sav-
age crooks.

  “Whoever he is,” Billy muttered,
“he certainly needs my help against
thet crooked pack! And I need him
to back up my story. I’m throwin’
in with the Phantom! But he’ll
have to give a darned good explana-
tion about why he’s grabbed off the
cash.”

  The Circle J owner had reached
Danger now. He took the saddle in
a leap.

  Back to the cut bank he tore.
Save for Danger’s own hoof thuds,
silence gripped the scene. No
sounds reached him of the chase.

  He was about to fog on regardless
when, from back the way he had
come, a series of furious crashings
broke out.

  His gun jumped into his hand.
Had the Phantom and his pursuers
doubled swiftly back?

  Two riders burst into view, fol-
lowed by a third. From the way
they sat their mounts, he recognized
them at once.	v

  “Joe! Sing Lo!” he cried. “How’d
yuh ever get here? Who’s thet be-
hind yuh? Buck?”

  “Yep,” the redhead responded,
pulling to a halt. “We missed yuh
nearly an hour ago, and turned right
back. We figgered somethin’ had
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

67

happened. Then we heard all thet
shootin’ and headed this way hot-
foot.”

  “I’m glad yuh’ve come,” said
Billy. “We’ve got some real work
ahead of us.”

  By this time, Buck Foster had
forged up to the group. The vet-
eran’s hat was gone, a trickle ran
down one cheek, his .45 was out.

 “What’s come off hyar?” he
howled, when he saw Billy West.
“Did yuh ketch them skunks with
the goods, boss? Whar am the var-
mints?”

  Quickly Billy acquainted his pards
with the night’s events. Buck Fos-
ter cried at once:

  “The Phantom, huh? By heifers!
I knowed it fer a fact! Thet danged
son jist throwed me on me face!”
“What?” Billy exclaimed. “Yuh
saw him, did yuh? Where?”

  “Naw, I didn’t see him,” Buck
growled. “But he’s been killin’
steers ag’in. My hoss fell over one
back thar a ways and derned near
killed me. Blamed if I ain’t gittin’
sick o’ thet ha’nt leavin’ critters lay
around ter break an hombre’s neck!”
“Is thet what threw yuh?” said
Joe. “I thought yuh’d jist fell off.”
“Aw, go soak yore head!” the
lanky cowpoke snorted. “Yuh
knows danged well I kin ride any-
thin’ what wears hair on its back.”
“Cut out the funny stuff!” Billy
snapped. “We’ve got no time to
waste. The moonlight’s gettin’ some
stronger now. We’ll have to track
thet chase.”

  They rode around the thicket and
out into the moonlit patch. Buck
Foster gave a squawk:

  “Help me, Hannah! Somebody’s
been killed!” He was jabbing his
six-gun excitedly forward at a dark
blotch now plain on the ground.
“The Phantom must ’a’ drilled one
o’ them thar skunks!”

  “Why, thet couldn’t be!” cried
Billy. “I saw them all ride off.”
But there the form was, not far
from the thicket. It looked like a
man, his hat still on his head, curled
up in a knot.

  The young boss of Circle J swung
down and hurried to the spot. He
bent, he fingered the object; then
straightened with a grim, apprecia-
tive little laugh.

  “Boys,” he said, “this explains
part of the Phantom mystery.
Here’s what that slick young hom-
bre used to make folks think he was
bullet-proof.”

  The others tumbled from their
horses. Without the slightest effort,
Billy had picked up the dark form.

  “A stiff, dry cowskin,” he said,
“cut in the form of a puncher, even
to the hat. There’s a pair of light
wooden crosspieces he had it
stretched on. All he had to do was
hold it above the saddle, while he
swung down low behind his hoss
and blazed away across the fork.”
“Waal, I’ll be a horned toad!”
Buck Foster exclaimed. “Thet’s
why he’s been killin’ steers, then.
Why—why, thet Phantom must be
a man! Dern it”—the veteran tried
to look disappointed—“I wanted ter
throw in with a ha’nt.”

  “He’s slicker than any ghost yuh’11
ever see,” Billy West said quietly.
“No wonder the Rockin’ H punchers
thought they hit him time and
again. Dust would spurt from this
dirty old cowhide, even in the moon-
light.”

  Going to Danger, he strapped the
light dummy along a saddle skirt.
It was easy for him to understand
many things now, including why the
Phantom had at last been hit.

  When the fellow’s horse had
fallen, the Phantom had lost his
cowskin in his tumble to the dirt.
Needing a hand free to grab the
68

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

saddle horn, he’d had to leave be-
hind either the dummy or the pay-
roll sack.

  Daringly he had chosen to risk
that hail of bullets rather than drop
the cash. The fellow had nerve, all
right.

  “Probably figured them three
skunks would be after him so hard
they’d never see the dummy,” Billy
said, after quickly pointing this out.
“Mebbe he’ll come back for it later,
if he gets away—which last ain’t
certain by a long shot.”

  Again the Circle J boss swung up
on his horse. Buck Foster threw in,
with a snort:

 “Heck! He won’t come back.
Thar’s too many dead steers around.
He kin git him a hide whenever he
wants it. He’s a smart hombre!”

  Billy West didn’t reply. Instead,
he instructed Joe Scott to pick up
the trail of the chase and follow it.
The redhead, a keen hand at reading
sign, could be depended upon to con-
sume far less time than most. Here
in the cut-up turf, the tracks were
plain in the moonlight.

  With Joe leading the way, the
Circle J pards pressed on. For a
time, the Phantom and his pursuers
had held to a fairly straight course.

  Then the wounded young rider
had doubled, and the crooks seemed
to have been thrown off.

  Their tracks circled here and
there. Plainly confusion had them.
Once again, the Phantom had es-
caped.

  All this Joe’s keen eyes read, in
the strong flood of white moonlight.
Trailing the Phantom, however,
wasn’t anything like so easy. The
redhead had to work back, to where
that elusive hombre had first thrown
the others off the scent.

  Consequently much time was lost.
The moon was low in the west when
at last he felt positive that he had

found the spot. Faint hoofprints
showed on harder ground, where
brush hid an arroyo mouth.

  Darkness was shutting down fast
again. The pards hadn’t made a
mile before they had to stop.

  “We’ll shove on first thing in the
mornin’,” Billy said. “I mean to
find out just what he intends to do
with ol’ Jake Steiger’s loot.”

  Sing Lo built a hurried fire and
produced some articles of food he
always carried in his saddle pockets.
The meal was quickly eaten. The
pards lay down to rest.

  Lip with the dawn, they were on
the way. Hoof tracks showed clear
again, on a twisting, circling route.
Well back into the hills these led,
crossed ridges, dipped into draws,
and rimmed down into a canyon.

  Pinon was thick in here, so thick
indeed that the Circle J were almost
upon a Mexican jacal before they
were aware of the fact. A drab yet
sturdy brown dobe, the hut blended
into the canyon’s side with colors
that almost matched.

  No smoke came from its low chim-
ney. The windows were dull in the
morning light. Yet the nose of a
white horse showed over the brush
corral behind. The Circle J had
tracked down the elusive Phantom
at last.

CHAPTER IX.

BUZZARD BAIT.

CLIPPING down silently from
their horses, the Circle J crept
up on the hut. From inside, the mur-
mur of voices reached them, but no
words were distinct.

  “Now!” Billy whispered tensely.
Shoulder to shoulder, the waddies
hit the door with a crash.

  Inside they tumbled, Billy in
front, as the door swept back. A
cry rang out in Spanish. Beside a
bunk in the far corner, a woman
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

69

had wheeled to face them—a middle-
aged, startled Mexican.

  Frantically* she jerked out her
skirts, extending them wide, as if
to conceal some one on the bunk.
But the form there—bandaged of
head and shoulders—had moved to
protect itself.

  A bronzed hand shot out from the
blankets to an old rawhide-bottomed
chair that held a Colt. The weapon
leaped up in those fingers, its ham-
mer going back.

  But quick as the Phantom was, he
failed to match speed with Billy
West. Billy’s gun was out in a blur.
His clear young voice cracked:
“Don’t try it, Phantom! We’re
four to one! Yuh haven’t got a
chance!”

  The wounded young hombre saw
that he hadn’t; but even at that,
Billy could tell from his gritty look
that he was minded to shoot.

  The jasper’s strong mouth was a
straight, tense line. His clamped
jaw was ridged with tiny muscles.
His fine pair of gray eyes flashed.

  “All we want,” Billy said quickly,
“is an explanation from you—and
that pay-roll loot!”

  “Well, you’ll never get it!” the
Phantom shot back. “Who are you
—another passell of crooks?”

  “Hardly,” Billy laughed. “And I
don’t think you are, either, when
it comes right down to cases. I
know you didn’t kill ol’ Jake Steiger.
Thet was Markly, Thain, or the
Hoss Doc.”

  The Phantom nodded his band-
aged head. “Yes, the dirty curs!
But I can’t prove it on ’em. Who
are you, anyhow? And what do you
want with the pay-roll loot?”

  “To take it back where it be-
longs,” Billy answered the last ques-
tion first.

  The Phantom lowered his gun.
His lips lost their tense, fierce look.

  “Well, you’re late, friend,” he re-
plied, with a cool little chuckle now.
“It’s already been sent back. Este-
van, my good Mexican host here,
left with it before daylight, to slip
it back into the mine office. The
Phantom is no thief.”

  “Si, si, that ees r-right!” the
woman cried. “Estevan, my hus-
band, he do just that.”

  “Waal, I’ll be a horned toad!”
Buck mumbled. “What does yer
know about thet?”

  “I’m not surprised,” said Billy.
“Because,” he informed the Phan-
tom, “I saw you hold up them
skunks.”

  Briefly then he told who the Circle
J were and why they were horning
in. The Phantom could see from
their manner that they had no use
for crooks. Slowly his face relaxed.

  “Furthermore,” said Billy, “we
found thet cowhide of yores. Thet
was a clever stunt. So you don’t
fool us, hombre. Just what is be-
hind your work?”

  The Phantom’s tanned face grew
grim once more.

  “Murder—jest plain murder!” he
rapped. “A killin’, pulled by those
crooks! You jaspers are strangers
here, and you stack up like square-
shooters ”to me. I am the son of
Jim Hannah, and regardless of what
folks think, I own the Rockin’ H!”
In short, choppy sentences, then,
he went on with his account. Some-
thing of a saddle drifter, he’d been
away from home for years. Then
he’d found a good ranch location, up
in Colorado, just a few weeks back.

  “I wrote dad about it,” young
Bud said. “He’d always liked thet
state. So we decided to team up
together, if he could get a price for
the Rockin’ H.

  “Well, he got it, from Thain and
Markly, and wrote me he was pullin’
out next day, with the cash. When
70

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

he failed to show up, I got suspi-
cious. Dropped down to investi-
gate.”

  Knowing Markly and Thain by
reputation, he’d chosen to arrive at
night. The first person he’d met
was Estevan Mendoza, the Mexican
who owned this hut. Estevan, an
old friend, gave him the lay of
things, for already Lincoln County
had begun to suspect.

  “I went to night ridin’,” said Bud,
“around the old home ranch. Dad
had to be hidden or buried some-
where, but I couldn’t get the proof.
Markly’s men shot at me, so I rigged
up thet cowhide stunt.”

  A cool, faint smile creased his
face. “Thet give me the Phantom
name. I let it ride. It helped.
So’d the Billy the Kid stuff thet
the Mexicans thought, when I drove
back their stolen stuff. And thet’s
just how she stands, West. I still
have no proof.”

  “By heifers! We’ll git it fer yuh!”
Buck cried. The veteran cracked
one horny hand loudly into the
other. His fierce old brown eyes
flashed.

  “We’ll do our best,” said Billy
quietly. “How badly are yuh shot
up?”

  “Not bad. A clean hole through
my shoulder thet Senora Mendoza
has patched up. It’s my left one.
I can still use a gun. My head
cracked a rock. I could ride now
if I had to. I’m just restin’ up.”

  “Well, keep on restin’,” Billy
urged. “We’ll scout around and
see-”

  The rest of the Circle J’s own
words were torn to tatters by the
furious drum of a horse’s hoofs.
The Phantom’s face went hard. He
whipped up his gun, while his tight
voice hissed:

  “Stand aside! If thet’s somebody
else what’s followed me-”

  But the hurrying rider soon
proved to be Estevan, the Mexican.

  Rather excitedly hd" burst in, his
tongue rattling with fresh news he
had to tell. He broke off at once,
however, when he saw the strange
waddies there.

  Quickly reassured by the Phan-
tom, Estevan launched forth at
once:

  “The bank at Arriba she have
been rob! I learn eet at the mine!
Senor Blaine, he ees believe to have
been keeled! They fin’ dark stains
around the safe!”

  “He’s disappeared too, then, has
he?” The words ripped from Billy
West.

  “Si, senor! The bankair ees gone.
Eet ees a job complete!”

  “Phantom,” Billy declared, “it’s
easy to see thet all these things tie
up. We’r ridin’ to town at once!
If Joe Scott finds thet trail by day-
light, he’ll follow it to the end, yuh
can count on thet!”

  Billy and his pards hurried from
the house.

  Young Bud, the Phantom, yelled
for them to wait, but already they
were swinging aboard their mounts.
Off they tore down the canyon, to
get to the scene of the crime as
quickly as possible and ferret out the
bandit tracks.

  They hadn’t gone far, however,
before the thunder of hoofs behind
caused them to look back. The
Phantom was spurring to overtake
them on his white horse, Ghost.

  “I’m in on this,” he declared
grimly, when they had waited for
him to sweep up.

  “But you oughtn’t to reveal yore
identity,” Billy said, “until we’ve got
the proof.”

  “Thet’s all right. I’ll wait a little
ways out of Arriba until yuh wad-
dies get on the scene. Then I’ll join
you. Those crooks’ll fight like
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

71

 fiends. Wounded or not, I can still
 shoot straight.”

   The little party sped on. Hidden
 by ridges and folds, Arriba lay miles
 below. It must have been ten
 o’clock before they came near the
 place.

   With the town still about a mile
 away, the Phantom drew to a halt.
 “I’ll wait here,” he announced, “in
 some good lookout place.”

   His eyes ranged around the local-
 ity. So did those of Billy West.

Brushy draws came angling down.
Above a deep ravine something
floated on motionless wings, then
spiraled, banked, and dipped from
• sight.

   That something was a buzzard.
 Billy’s eyes shot up. Two more of
 the birds were sailing near. High
 in the heavens above he made out
 other dark specks.

   “Huh!” he said. “Somethin’ dead
 down there.” He rode to the steep
 bank’s lip.

   “Heck! Jist another one o’ them
 dead steers,” Buck Foster grunted,
 as the veteran’s eyes peered down
 through the heavy brush. “I can
 see its head. Say, Phantom, did yuh
 kill thet un, too? What the heck
 am the idea? Didn’t yuh have skins
 enough?”

   “I’ve killed no critters,” said
 young Bud Hannah. “Until I lost
 it, one hide was enough.”

   “Thet steer hasn’t been skinned,”
 Billy West announced. “Neither
 had those others. Here, yuh jas-
 pers wait here. I got a hunch.”
 Despite his words, however, it
 was something more than a mere
 hunch which caused Billy to slide
 from Danger and hurry down the
 bank. His agile mind was doing
 some keen, straight thinking about
 those dead steers. Before he reached
 the bottom, the heavy undergrowth
 hid him from sight.

   He was gone a good ten minutes.
When he came scrambling back
again, his firm-jawed face was set.
His gray eyes were hard and grim,
yet they held a triumphant light.

   He held something clutched in one
 hand.

   “The end of the trail,” he said.
 “We’ve got the deadwood now,
 pinned tight on those snake-brained
 ci ooks.”

CHAPTER X.

   THE TALE THE BUZZARDS TOLD.

^ONG hours later it was, when a
grimly waiting little group of
riders made out a trail-worn posse
winding back from the Capitans.

   Billy, his pards, and the Phantom
 watched the slow approach of the
 weary, disgruntled searchers. The
 posse was returning empty-handed,
 after a full day’s scouring of the
 country for the bank robbers they
 couldn’t catch.

   “All right, Estevan,” Billy called
 over his shoulder.

   From the mouth of a draw, a high-
 wheeled wagon came creaking slowly
 forth.

   Coolly the little bunch turned
their horses up slope to intercept the
posse. Plug Markly, Thain, and the
Hoss Doc, they’d learned down in
Arriba, had ridden with the posse.

   “I’ll start the ball rollin’,” said
 Billy crisply. “The rest sit tight,
 and watch.”

   Hands near their holstered six-
guns, they met the posse’s advance.
A town marshal rode in the lead, be-
side him the three prime crooks.

   “I’ve got good news for yuh, mar-
 . shal,” Billy’s cool tones announced.
 “Good news and bad, thet is. Yore
 hunt is over—them dirty killers are
 caught!”

   “What? Whar?” the officer cried.
 “Yuh mean-”

“Right here beside you!” Billy’s
72

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

words crackled like ice. “Thain,
Plug Markly, the Hoss Doc!”

  The three stared at him in amaze-
ment. The rest of the posse did like-
wise. Then Gyp Thain’s cold voice
snapped!

  “You’re makin’ fool statements,
hombre. I take it your brain is
cracked.” The gambler’s dark face
was expressionless, yet every muscle
had tensed.

  “Take it as yuh please,” rapped
Billy, “but the law’s takin’ yuh!
Gyp Thain, yuh and Markly have
made off with your last man. Back
there comes the proof.”

  A jerk of his^left thumb across his
shoulder pointed to Estevan’s creak-
ing wagon. The Hoss Doc began to
shake.

 “Why--why-” that gangling,

drink-wrecked hombre stammered.

“Do yuh—er—er- Say, yuh

can’t have- Why I-”

  “Shut up, you fool!” Gyp Thain
snarled at the trembling weakling.
Then he whirled back to Billy, with
a hiss: “What d’you mean, proof?”
The fellow’s slender fingers were
snapping up to the back of his neck.

  “The bodies of yore victims,”
Billy flung in his teeth. “Banker
Blaine, Jake Steiger, and ol’ Jim
Hannah, what owned the Rockin’
H! We found ’em this mornin’,
sewed up in steers! A neat job, done
by yore Hoss Doc.”

  That gangling jasper gave a low
moan. Plug Markly, his face a sud-
den dirty white, snarled like a trap-
caught wolf. But brazenly Gyp
Thain tried to carry his bluff to the
last.

  “Well, what of it?” he snapped.
“Good work, if you’ve got ’em. But
that pins nothing on me. You may
have killed them yourself!”

  “The deadwood is finned, all
right!” Like the cut of a lash,
Billy’s next sentence whipped out.

“Gyp Thain, where’s yore tie pin?
Thet’s done the pinnin’ stuff.”

  With a violent start, the fellow’s
hand leaped to his tie. No diamond-
set ornament met his fingers. Billy’s
chill words followed up:

  “Banker Blaine died of a knife
wound. The other two were shot.
Blaine went down fightin’ with his
killer. In his struggles his hands
closed on somethin’—somethin’ thet
pierced his palm and stuck!”

  Billy’s hand flipped open. A dia-
mond horseshoe pin that every one
knew flashed and gleamed in the
sun’s declining light.

  “Here thet somethin’ is, for honest

men to look at, yuh dirty-”

 But Gyp Thain knew that he
could bluff no longer. His hand
whipped from his pinless tie to the
sheathed knife at his neck.

  “Yes, and yuh die, too!” he
howled. The blade, out like rattler’s
fangs, whipped straight for Billy’s
heart.

  Billy had expected this, yet the
gambler’s movement was so rippling
that the young boss of Circle J had
no time to draw and shoot.

  The knife was almost on him be-
fore a desperate twirl of his body
threw him, by the scantest of inches,
out of its deadly path.

  The blade flashed harmlessly on.
The posse was in an uproar. Plug
Markly had jerked a gun.

  Bullets flamed and screamed.
With a furious oath, Gyp Thain like-
wise had his gun out.

  The muzzle swerved on Billy. It
was his life or Thain’s. Billy let the
hombre have it. The gambler died
in his stirrups, a bullet straight
through his heart.

  A rider broke from. the melee.
Plug Markly was in full flight.

  “No, yuh don’t, yuh murderin’,
ranch-stealin’ hound!” the Phan-
tom’s voice rang out. “Yo’re stayin’
Ghost Rider of the Capitans

73

here to hang for yore black-hearted
work!’’

  The spurs of the wounded youth
streaked back. Young Bud Hannah,
son of old Jim, was on the speeding
rancher inside of two long, streaking
jumps.

  Markly whirled, gun raised.

  Crasli-crash-h! Two weapons
blared and thundered. A rider spun
to earth.

  But it wasn’t the elusive Phantom.
Grimly, justice done, he came riding
back.

  Howls rose from another jasper,
howls of weak-kneed fear and fright.
Joe Scott had nabbed the Hoss Doc.
Furiously Buck Foster thrust his old
.45 into the hombre’s face.

  “Dang yuh!” the veteran roared.
“Pull a gun—pull a gun, yuh pole-

cat! I wants ter shoot yore lights
out!”

  “Don’t worry about him,” said
Billy. “Lincoln County will see to
it thet he gets his just deserts.”

  “But, durn it,” growled the griz-
zled waddy, “everything was over so
quick I didn’t git no chance ter
shoot! Waal, anyway, we cleaned
’em up!” His hand went out to the
Phantom. “Put her thar, pard!
We’re purty good—me and Circle J
and a dog-goned real slick ghost!”

  Buck shore said a mouthful thet time.
The four saddle pards don’t really need
no help, when they hits the trail o’ some
slick crooks like thet bunch, but when
they does throw in with “a dog-goned real
slick ghost,” the combination is plumb
unbeatable. Watch fer the next adven-
ture o’ Circle J. It’ll be in Street &
Smith’s Wild West Weekly next week.

  quienq) sabe

HORSES FOR CUBA

  At the close of the Spanish-
American War there were very few
cattle in Cuba, and cattlemen from
the Southwest began exporting their
live stock to that island.

  Sometimes the cargo was sold be-
fore it was shipped, but more often
it was landed at some port on the
island and sold in small lots from
the corrals, or along the road as the
herd was driven inland.

  One day a number of them were
watching a cargo of horses that had
just been unloaded and were being
sold out from the corrals. There
were two big American Negroes in
charge. One caught the horses and
held one by the nose and ears, while
the other saddled it and got on.

  The instant the horse was turned
loose it would go pitching off across
the corral, doing all its tricks, while
the Negro sat it fast and fanned it.
The Cubans had never seen any-

thing of the sort before, and they
asked if the Negroes were not alSo
wild like the horses.

  A good many outlaw horses were
shipped over, some with a record of
having killed one or two men. The
Cubans would take hold of a horse’s
tail and give it a jerk, when they
were considering buying it.

  When one of them would walk up
to a notoriously bad horse and
catch hold of its tail, every one who
knew the animal would expect it to
kick the Cuban into the next world
instantly. But instead of doing
that, the horse would surprise the
Americans by humping up and
cringing, so that the buyer never
knew what he had missed.

  How the outlaw horses behaved,
or what mischief they did after they
became the property of their new
owners, the Americans never
learned.
Gold
From Thunderbolt

A “Jim Hazel, Forest Ranger” Story

By Lee Harrington

Author of “The Cabin On Gunsight Lake,” etc.

CROUCHED among the rocks
of the mountain side, “Black”
Carver and his partner, Sam
Gorrity, watched the snow-covered
road which led from the old mining
camp of Thunderbolt to the State
capital. Two six-guns were hol-
stered at each man’s hips, and in
front of each, a rifle leaned against
a rock.

  “No killing, mind yuh, Gorrity,”
growled Black Caryer suddenly.
“The mail driver, his dogs, sled, and
the gold we heard is to be shipped
from Thunderbolt to the State cap-
ital to-day have jest got to vanish
into thin air. This is goin’ to be

one robbery that’ll make history in
the Thunder Bird Range.”

  He reached for his rifle, as the
sound of distant sleigh bells drifted
through the snowstorm that was
sweeping the mountains. A few
minutes later, the desperadoes heard
a man’s voice urging a dog team to
greater speed. Crouched behind
their rocks, the bandits waited un-
til the team was almost abreast of
them, then, rifles to their shoulders,
they stepped into the road.

  Taken by surprise, the lead dog
stopped so suddenly that the other
animals almost piled on top of it. A
man running behind the sled spat
Gold From Thunderbolt

75

out a bitter oath and raised his mit-
tened hands above his head, as the
curt command shot from Black Car-
ver’s bearded lips:

  “Stick ’em up! We want that
gold!”

  Black Carver kept the mail driver
covered with his rifle. Gorrity
stepped forward and jerked a six-
gun from the victim’s holster. Then,
with a length of cord he had
brought with him for the purpose,
the desperado bound the mail
driver’s wrists and hitched him to
the end of the sled.

  “How much gold dust yuh got
aboard?” growled Black Carver.

  “Find out for yoreself, yuh low-
down thieving coyote!” snapped
“Snowbird” Williams, the walrus-
mustached mail driver. “I ain’t
agoin’ to tell yuh nothin’.”

  Sam Gorrity brought the flat of
his hand across the driver’s cheek
and sent him staggering.

 “How much gold yuh got
aboard?” he snarled. “Quick, now,
or I’ll smash yuh good!”

  “Fifty thousand dollars’ worth of
dust,” replied Snowbird, “but you
fellers are crazy, if yuh think yuh
can get it out of the hills.”

  “Shut up!” barked Gorrity. “We
ain’t askin’ yuh for advice. All yuh
got to do is to follow the sled and
keep yore mouth shut.”

  With Gorrity at the gee-pole, and
the mail driver hitched to the back
of the sled, the dog team turned off
the road. Behind strode Black
Carver, carrying his rifle in the crook
of his arm.

  All that day it snowed heavily.
By night there was no sign left to
show that the sled had turned out
of the road. It vanished from the
sight and knowledge of men.

  Two days later, as Jim Hazel,
forest ranger, was working over a

report in the Thunder River ranger
station, the door was pushed open,
and a tall, broad-shouldered man
strode into the cabin. He was
garbed in a fringed buckskin shirt
ornamented with dyed porcupine
quills. A six-gun was holstered at
his hip, and in the crook of his left
arm, he carried a Winchester rifle.

  “Hello, Bill!” greeted Jim Hazel,
as he turned in his chair and recog-
nized his visitor. “What’s on your
mind?”

  Bill Tigor’s lips parted in a grin
beneath his drooping black mus-
tache, but his black eyes gleamed
fiercely above his hooked nose.
Drawing a plug of tobacco from his
pocket, he tore off a chew and spat
out of the open door.

  “Hello, Jimmy!” drawled the
mountaineer. “Heard the latest

        ?5J

  “Not a thing, Bill,” replied Jim
Hazel. “The telephone line is out
of order. Probably a tree fell across
the wire during the storm. I’m go-
ing to look into the trouble as soon
as I get this report finished.”

  Bill Tigor settled his lean length
in a chair and gazed out of the open
door at the storm that was sweeping
Thunder River Canyon.

  “Jimmy,” he drawled, “Snowbird
Williams left Thunderbolt two days
ago with fifty thousand dollars’
worth of gold on his sled. He ain’t
been heard of since.”

  “Got lost in the storm, probably,”
said Jim Hazel. “He’ll show up in
a few days.”

  “Sure, it would be like Snowbird
Williams to get lost,” snorted Bill
Tigor. “Him that was born and
brung up in the Thunder Bird
Mountains, and lived in ’em forty
years. Yuh’ve got another guess
cornin’, Jimmy, as the hawk re-
marked when the chicken mistook
him for a pheasant.”
76

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  “Well, what’s the answer?” asked
Jim Hazel. “A man, eight dogs, a
sled, and fifty thousand dollars’
worth of gold don’t disappear into
thin air.”

“Snowbird might have stole the
gold,” said Bill Tigor, “figurin’ that
the storm would cover his tracks.”
Jim Hazel rose to his feet and
slipped on his mackinaw.

  “Let’s go repair the telephone
line,” said the ranger, “so that we
can find out from the sheriff’s office
whether any trace has been found
of Snowbird Williams and the gold.”
Jim Hazel and Bill Tigor repaired
the telephone line and called up the
sheriff’s office, only to learn that
searchers had been unable to find
the slightest trace of the vanished
outfit.

  “The storm covered every track
and trail,” said the sheriff. “Looks
as if the thief has made his get-
away. This will sure make history
in the Thunder Bird Range.”

  Jim Hazel promised to keep a
sharp lookout for sled tracks, while
he was patrolling the forest. Then
he hung up the receiver, and turned
to Bill Tigor.

  “Watch out for tracks around
Gunsight Lake when you get back
to your cabin,” said the ranger. “I’ll
be passing through that section in a
few days. I’ll call at your cabin to
see if you have any news.”

II.

  During the days that followed,
the thought of the vanished gold
was never out of the forest ranger’s
mind, as he made his lonely patrols
through the snow-covered moun-
tains. But though th'e storm had
ceased, and the sky was bright and
cloudless, Jim Hazel found not a
single human footprint in the snow.
He drove his dog team up to the

Tigor boys’ cabin one evening, just
as the sun was sinking behind the
white peaks which ringed the shores
of Gunsight Lake. The three Tigor
boys stepped out of the cabin as
Jim Hazel stopped his dogs.

  “Hello, Jimmy!” drawled Bill.
“Find out anything about that van-
ished gold?”

  Curt and young Gabe Tigor
greeted the ranger, then they began
to unhitch the dogs. Jim Hazel fol-
lowed Bill into the cabin.

  “I must admit that the robbery
—if it was a robbery—has got me
licked,” said Jim Hazel. “You fel-
lows got any news?”

  Bill Tigor set a coffeepot on the
stove, and began to saw some steaks
off a shoulder of frozen venison,
which he had taken from the dingle
outside the cabin.

  “I don’t know as yuh’d call it
news, Jimmy,” drawled the moun-
taineer, “but while we was away
’tendin’ to our trap lines, somebody
chopped a hole in the ice of Gun-
sight Lake. We couldn’t help but
see it, when we was crossing the
lake with our dog team, for the
water had bubbled, up out of the
hole and spread over the snow.”

  Bill Tigor turned to the stove and
tossed his venison steaks into a fry-
ing pan, paying no more attention
to Jim Hazel, who had dropped into
a chair.

  Suddenly the mountaineer shot a
glance at the ranger.

  “Who do yuh suppose done it,
Jimmy?” he drawled.

  “Who did what?” asked Jim
Hazel, who was drowsy after his
hard trip.

  “Who chopped that thar hole in
the ice?” said Bill Tigor.

  Jim Hazel licked his lips, as he
sniffed the odor of coffee and frying
venison. He was more interested
in putting a good meal under his
Gold From Thunderbolt

77

belt, than he was in answering rid-
dles.

  “How do you suppose I should
know?” he asked. “Who do you
suppose did it?”

  “Me?” drawled Bill Tigor. “Well,
Jimmy, I ain’t no detective, as the
preacher explained to the bootleg-
ger, but it seems like the feller who
chopped the hole in the ice might
have been the same man who got
away with fifty thousand dollars’
worth of gold.”

  Suddenly wide awake, Jim Hazel
sprang to his feet.

  “Dumb is what I am!” exclaimed
the ranger in disgust. “Just plain
dumb!”

  “No, yuh ain’t dumb, Jimmy,”
said Bill Tigor. “Yo’re jest hungry,
that’s all, as the blue jay remarked
when the fox stepped into a trap.”

  All that evening, Jim Hazel and
the Tigor boys talked about the
vanished gold, wondering how they
might discover who had visited
Gunsight Lake. But although they
searched the woods for miles the
next day, they found only the tracks
and trails left by wild animals.
That evening, they returned to the
cabin worn out and completely puz-
zled.

  At sunrise, Jim Hazel stepped
outside the cabin to get a breath
of fresh air before breakfast. After
a moment, he raised his field glasses
to his eyes and swept the hills. His
shout brought the Tigor boys to his
side.

 “Take a look through these
glasses, Bill,” said the ranger. “Is
that a wreath of fog rising above the
trees on the other side of the lake,
or is it smoke?”

  Bill Tigor adjusted the field
glasses to suit his vision. For a
long moment he stood looking
through them; then he handed them
back to Jim Hazel.

  “If that ain’t smoke, then I’m kin
to a coyote, Jimmy,” drawled the
mountaineer. “I guess yuh’ve
found the trail of the vanished
gold.”

  An hour later, Jim Hazel was
striding alone through the white
woods.

  Believing that he could cover
rough country faster without his
dogs, the ranger had left them with
the Tigor boys. And he had refused
to allow the mountaineers to go
with him.

  “You’ve got your trap lines to at-
tend to, boys,” said Jim Hazel, “and,
after all, I may be on a false scent.
Perhaps that smoke is coming from
the cabin of a trapper who knows
nothing about the stolen gold.”

 Hour after hour, Jim Hazel
strode along on his sixty-inch-web
snowshoes, and gradually the coun-
try grew rougher. By noon, he
found himself traveling through a
maze of rocky canyons. The sides
were so steep that the ranger ex-
pected a snowslide might start at
any moment and bury him, but sun-
set found him safely out of the can-
yons.

  Standing on the summit of a
bleak ridge, Jim Hazel gazed across
No Man’s Canyon at a cluster of
snow-covered buildings which clung
to the side of Arrowhead Mountain.

  “The Golden Age Mine,” said the
ranger aloud. “According to what
I’ve heard, it used to be one of the
richest mines in the Thunder Bird
Mountains.”

  Smoke was rising from the stove-
pipe of a cabin in the bottom of the
canyon. As Jim Hazel stood watch-
ing it, dogs began to bark some-
where.

  Jim Hazel’s lips set in a firm line
as he listened, and his blue eyes
grew hard and cold. For he be-
lieved he had discovered the hiding
78

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

place of the bandits who had stolen
the gold. Yet, though Jim Hazel
fully realized that he might encoun-
ter desperate men who would try to
kill him, it did not occur to the
young ranger to seek the assistance
of the Tigor boys.

  Slowly Jim Hazel descended the
ridge into the canyon. Barking
savagely, the dogs caught his scent
and rushed to attack the ranger as
he strode toward the cabin.

  “Well, I’ll be darned!” exclaimed
Jim Hazel. “Those aren’t the dogs
that belonged to Snowbird Wil-
liams.” For the ranger knew the
mail driver’s dogs by sight almost
as well as he knew his own.

  The words had hardly left Jim
Hazel’s lips when the door of the
cabin opened and Black Carver and
Sam Gorrity stood framed against a
background of light. Their right
hands dropped to the six-guns hol-
stered at their hips.

 “Evening, boys. My name is
Hazel.”

  Black Carver spoke to the dogs,
and they slunk away into the shad-
ows. Jim Hazel took a step for-
ward, but stopped when he found
himself looking into the muzzles of
two six-guns.

  “What do yuh want?” growled
Black Carver.

  “How about staying overnight
with you boys?” asked Jim Hazel.
“I am the ranger from Thunder
River, and I’m on patrol.”

  Jim Hazel saw no reason just
then to mention the vanished gold,
for experience had taught him that
a man often learns more by keeping
his business to himself.

  Confident that they were not sus-
pected, Carver and Gorrity hol-
stered their weapons and became
more friendly. Mentioning their
names, they told the ranger he was
welcome to stay overnight.

  Stepping inside the cabin, Jim
Hazel leaned his rifle in a corner. He
shed his mackinaw and hung his
belt with its holstered six-gun over
the end of a bunk. Then he sank
wearily onto a stool.

   “Hard country you’ve located in,”
remarked the ranger. “I’ve been all
day getting here from Gunsight
Lake.”

  “Meet any one on the trail,
ranger?” asked Black Carver, while
his partner was busy getting sup-
per.

  Jim Hazel crossed his knees and
leaned back against the side of a
bunk.

   “Only the Tigor boys,” he replied.
“I stopped a couple of nights with
them at their trapping cabin at
Gunsight Lake.”

  A quick glance passed between
the desperadoes at mention of the
lake, but Jim Hazel pretended not
to see it.

   “We was over to the lake a while
back, to get fish for our dogs,” said
Gorrity, after a moment. “But we
didn’t see no cabin. Them trappers
find out we’d been there?”

  “The Tigor boys didn’t mention
having seen any one,” replied Jim
Hazel. “They’ll sure be glad to
know there are other trappers in the
. country.”

  Black Carver motioned Jim
Hazel to the table. Seated between
the two desperadoes, the ranger en-
joyed his supper, letting his hosts do
most of the talking.

  “We ain’t trappers,” explained
Black Carver. “Fact is, we are
workin’ the old Golden Age Mine.
We used to work in the camp years
ago, when she was boomin’.”

  “Having any luck?” asked Jim
Hazel. “This is my first visit to the
mine, but I understood that it was
worked out years ago.”

  “I reckon two men who know
Gold From Thunderbolt

79

minin’ can still make wages here,”
growled Black Carver. Then, as an
idea occurred to him, he glanced
curiously at Jim Hazel. “Passin’
around this way often, ranger?” he
asked.

  “I usually patrol each section of
my district once a month,” replied
Jim Hazel. “Why?”

  “S’pose yuh could take a little
gold dust to the bank for us once
a month?” asked Carver. “Yuh
bein’ a ranger, we could trust yuh
with the gold.”

  “Sure, glad to oblige you, boys,”
said Jim Hazel. “Got much dust on
hand?”

  Sam Gorrity put some food on a
plate and rose to his feet.

  “Guess I’ll feed this to the dogs,”
he muttered. “They need all they
can get to eat.”

  As the cabin door closed behind
Gorrity, his partner left the table
and followed him out of the cabin.

  “I’ll be back in a few minutes,
ranger,” he said. “Make yoreself to
home.”

III.

  Plowing his way over a beaten
trail in the snow, Black Carver
reached the mouth of the tunnel
which led into the Golden Age
Mine. Stopping to light a candle
which he took from a niche in a
wall, the desperado entered the tun-
nel. He found Gorrity waiting for
him in a station which had been
hewn out of the solid rock.

  “Are yuh crazy, Carver?” was
Gorrity’s greeting. “What do yuh
mean by askin’ that ranger to take
the gold to the bank for us?”

  “Not all at once, pardner,” said
Carver soothingly. “Jest a hundred
ounces or so at a time. Every one
in Thunderbolt will believe the
ranger, when he says the gold came
from this mine. By spring, all the

gold will be safely in the bank in
our names.”	,

  Gorrity slapped his hand down on
his thigh with a report like a pistol
shot.

  “Yuh’ve sure got brains, Carver!”
he roared. “I’d never in the world
have thought of sending the gold to
the bank by a forest ranger.”

  Half an hour later, the desper-
adoes returned to the cabin to find
Jim Hazel dozing on his stool.
Shaking the ranger into wakefulness,
Black Carver showed him a small
buckskin sack nearly filled with
gold. The desperadoes had been
wise enough to use their own con-
tainers for the gold, and there was
no mark on the sack which might
have proved that the gold was
stolen.

  “Last month’s clean-up, ranger,”
explained Black Carver. “Every
month, we’ll want yuh to take out
about the same number of ounces,
if the luck holds the way it has been
doin’.”

  “I hope your luck holds,” said Jim
Hazel. “Now, if you boys don’t
mind, I’d like to turn in. I’m so
sleepy that I can hardly keep my
eyes open.”

  “Go ahead, ranger,” growled'
Black Carver, with a wink to his
partner. “It sure was a lucky thing
for us, when yore patrol brought
yuh this way.”

  Jim Hazel was far from sleepy as
he lay in his bunk, for he was al-
most certain that he was the guest
of the very bandits who had stolen
the gold.

  It had occurred to Jim Hazel
when Sam Gorrity had placed a
steak and bread on a plate and an-
nounced that he 'was going to give
the food to the dogs, that Snowbird
Williams was imprisoned in the old
mine. For it seemed more likely to
the ranger that if the food had been
80

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

intended for the animals, Gorrity
would simply have tossed it into the
snow. Jim Hazel’s suspicions had
been strengthened when Black Car-
ver had followed his partner out of
the cabin, and returned a half hour
later with the poke of gold.

  Yet, the ranger knew that to have
shown the slightest doubt of the des-
peradoes’ story might have resulted
in his own death. So, hour after
hour, he lay planning on how to out-
wit the men whom he suspected of
stealing the gold.

  “We’ll look for yuh back about a
month from now, ranger,” said
Black Carver, next morning. “By
that time, we hope to have another
hundred ounces of dust ready to
send to the bank.”

  Jim Hazel strode down No Man’s
Canyon for five miles. Then he
left the canyon and concealed him-
self among the timber on the moun-
tainside. All the rest of that day,
the ranger watched the trail, think-
ing that the men he suspected might
have become suspicious and followed
him.

  When dusk settled down on the
mountains, Jim Hazel rose beside
his fire. There was a grim look on
his lean features as he climbed a
ridge which ran the same way as
the canyon. By the time a full
moon was shedding its silver light
over the mountains, the forest
ranger once more was looking down
at the buildings of the Golden Age
Mine.

  A light was shining through the
window of the desperadoes’ cabin.
After watching it a few minutes,
Jim Hazel began to descend the
ridge, expecting every moment that'
the dogs would bark and warn the
suspected men that somebody was
around.

  But when, at last, Jim Hazel
reached the bottom of the canyon,

the dogs ran to meet him, with wag-
ging tails. Having once formed his
acquaintance, the brutes seemed to
think that he had a perfect right to
be there.

  Keeping his hand on the butt of
his holstered six-gun, Jim Hazel
stole toward the cabin until he was
opposite the lighted window. Stoop-
ing, he approached the window until
he was beneath it. Then, inch by
inch, he raised his head and peered
through the glass.

  There was nobody inside the
cabin.

  Taking a desperate chance, Jim
Hazel rounded the corner of the
cabin, opened the door and stepped
inside. A fire was burning in the
stove, and on it a coffeepot was bub-
bling.

  Expecting that the desperadoes
might return at any moment, Jim
Hazel made a quick search of the
cabin; but he found no sign of the
gold.

  Believing that the suspected men
were in the mine, Jim Hazel was
about to leave the cabin, when sud-
denly he heard voices. Instantly
the ranger darted out of the cabin
and ran around a corner of it.

  Flattened against the log wall, he
waited. The voices grew louder,
and, in a few minutes, Jim Hazel
saw two men coming down a beaten
trail in the snow, which led from
the Golden Age Mine to the cabin.

  As Black Carver and Sam Gor-
rity drew nearer, Jim Hazel heard
one of them speaking:

  “We sure put one over on the
ranger, Carver. If folks ever find
out how he packed the gold to the
bank, Jim Hazel will be the laugh-
ingstock of the Thunder Bird
Range.”

  “What’ll we do with the danged
mail driver?” growled Black Carver.
“I ain’t never killed a man.”

WW-5D
Gold From Thunderbolt

81

  “I ain’t never lulled nobody,
either,” admitted Sam Gorrity.
“Tell yuh what we’ll do with the
mail driver. Let’s make him work
in the mine until we get all the gold
safely in the bank. By that time,
we’ll have figgered out some way of
gettin’ rid of Snowbird Williams
without bumping him off.”

  “Do yuh think the ranger was
fooled by our yarn?” Black Carver
asked his partner.”

  “Sure he was fooled,” boasted
Gorrity. “Anyway, even if he came
back, he couldn’t arrest us unless
he found the gold. And he ain’t
likely to find it.”

  As the two desperadoes entered
the cabin and closed the door, Jim
Hazel drew his six-gun. He was
about to burst into the cabin and
try to arrest the outlaws, when sud-
denly he paused. The thought had
struck him that even if he succeeded
in arresting them, they might refuse
to disclose where they had hidden
the gold.

  While Jim Hazel was trying to
make up his mind what to do, the
cabin door opened, and Sam Gor-
rity stepped outside. In one hand
he carried a coffeepot, and in the
other a plate of food. Without the
least suspicion that he was being
watched, the desperado strode up
the moonlight-flooded trail toward
the Golden Age Mine.

  Jim Hazel waited until Gorrity
was out of sight; then the ranger
swiftly followed. In a few minutes,
Jim Hazel reached the mouth of a
tunnel which led into the Golden
Age Mine.

  Taking his flashlight from his
pack, Jim Hazel pressed the button
and entered the tunnel. Water
dripped on his head from rotting
timbers, and the bright eyes of rats
glared at him out of the gloom as,
deeper and deeper, the ranger
WW—6D

passed along the tunnel toward the
heart of the mountain.

  He had covered a couple of hun-
dred feet, when suddenly the sound
of voices brought him up short in
his tracks. Drawing his six-gun, Jim
Hazel crept forward, until he
reached the mouth of a tunnel
which ran at right angles to the one
he was in. Far ahead, he could see
the faint glimmer of a light.

  Instantly Jim Hazel switched off
his own light.

  In utter darkness now, the young
ranger stole forward until he stood
at the entrance to an old pumping
station. And there he paused.

  Seated on a huge pile of debris
which had fallen from the rotten
roof, Snowbird Williams, the van-
ished mail driver, was eating his
supper. Sam Gorrity stood watch-
ing him, with a leveled six-gun in
his hand.

  Afraid that the desperado would
kill the mail driver if he made the
slightest sound, Jim Hazel stood
watching and listening, as Sam
Gorrity spoke.

  “So yuh think that ranger sus-
pected us of having stolen the gold,”
said Gorrity.

  “Sure,” replied the mail driver.
“It’ll take better men than you two
birds to fool Jim H&zel. He has
probably gone to get the three
Tigor boys to help him. They’ll kill
you and your partner as soon as
they get back.”

  “The ranger won’t get back,”
snarled Gorrity. “I’ll tell Carver,
and we’ll follow him and bump him
off before he reaches the Tigor boys’
cabin. We can’t take chances on
losing that gold now, even if we
have to kill both the ranger and
them danged trappers at Gunsight
Lake.”

  “What are you goin’ to do with
me?” asked the mail driver.
82

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  “We was goin’ to have yuh work
in the mine for a while,” snarled the
desperado, “but after what yuh’ve
told me, I’ll have to talk things over
with my partner. I guess we’ll jest
bump yuh off and leave yuh to rot
in the mine.”

  Ordering Snowbird Williams to
rise to his feet, Sam Gorrity lashed
him to a post.

  “I’m goin’ to take another look
at the gold,” growled the desper-
ado. “I’ll be back after a while.”

  Leaving Snowbird Williams tied
to the post, Gorrity strode away
into the darkness. Waiting until he
could no longer see the light of the
outlaw’s candle, Jim Hazel stepped
forward and freed the astonished
mail driver.

  “Why didn’t you kill the rat,
while you had the chance, ranger?”
asked Snowbird Williams.

  “Because I want to find out
where the gold is hidden,” replied
Jim Hazel. “You stay here and
wait for me until I get back.”

IV.

  Paying no attention to the mail
driver’s protests, Jim Hazel hurried
in the direction taken by the des-
perado. Presently the ranger came
to another tunnel. Candle in hand,
Sam Gorrity was stooping over a
pile of small, bulging sacks.

  Intent on gloating over the stolen
gold, Sam Gorrity did not hear Jim
Hazel’s approach until the ranger
tripped over a loose rock.

  Instantly Gorrity blew out his
light, and fired in the direction of
the sound. Red flame stabbed the
darkness, and a bullet smacked into
the roof of the tunnel above Jim
Hazel’s head.

  The crash of the ranger’s six-gun
was answered by another shot from
the desperado. Jim Hazel fired at

the flash, and the thud of a falling
body striking the ground was fol-
lowed by silence.

  Sam Gorrity was dead when Jim
Hazel reached him. Sprawled on
his face he lay, with his arms out-
spread on the sacks of stolen gold.

  Jim Hazel stood a moment look-
ing down at the gold, then he hur-
ried back to where he had left the
mail driver.

  Snowbird Williams was gone!

  Wondering if the unarmed mail
driver had been foolish enough to
attempt the capture of Black Car-
ver, Jim Hazel flashed the beam of
his torch around the pumping sta-
tion. Then suddenly he stepped
back a pace, as a huge fragment of
rock broke loose from the roof and
crashed into a thousand fragments
at his feet.

  Before Jim Hazel could take an-
other step, a threatening rumble
sounded overhead. It was followed
by the thunder of caving ground, as
tons of rock broke loose.

  Jim Hazel felt a terrific blow on
the shoulder. Another one on the
side of his head hurled him from his
feet into blackness and silence like
that of the grave.

  Jim Hazel opened his eyes to find
himself lying in darkness. His head
was aching terribly, and when he
tried to sit up, he found he was
pinned down by a heavy weight
which rested on his chest.

  Horror numbed the ranger’s brain
at the thought that he might die
pinned down in the darkness. Shiv-
ers coursed through his body, as he
listened to the squeaking of the big
gray mine rats scurrying around
among the fallen rock.

  Gathering himself together, the
young ranger gave a terrific heave,
and a huge chunk of rock rolled off
his chest. Breathless from his
Gold From Thunderbolt

83

mighty effort, and with his face and
body bruised in a dozen places. Jim
Hazel managed to raise himself to
his hands and knees.

  The fragment of rock striking his
shoulder had rendered his left arm
useless. But his six-gun was still in
its holster, and he was able to use
his right hand.

  Crouched in the dark, Jim Hazel
listened to the tchk-tchk-tchk of
tiny fragments of rock dropping
from the rotten roof, and he real-
ized that at any moment, tons of
rock might break lose and bury him
alive.

  Foot by foot, the injured ranger
crawled toward the tunnel which
led out of the old pumping station.
Just as he dragged himself into the
tunnel a blast of wind almost
knocked him from his feet as the
roof of the pumping station caved
again.

  Jim Hazel’s torch had been
knocked from his hand, and in utter
darkness he rose to his feet. His
head was swimming with pain as,
with right arm extended, he felt his
way out of the mine which so nearly
had proved to be his grave.

  As Jim Hazel staggered through
the darkness, he no longer wondered
why the mail driver had left the
station. Evidently Snowbird Wil-
liams had realized that, at any mo-
ment, the roof might cave in.

  After what seemed an eternity of
time, Jim Hazel saw a glimmer of
daylight. A shudder ran up the
ranger’s spine as he realized that all
night he had been lying unconscious,
and that only Providence had kept
the roof from caving and burying
him alive.

  Jim Hazel reached the mouth of
the main tunnel at last. Leaning
against a wall, he was gazing across
the snow-covered canyon at the
cabin, when suddenly a rifle cracked

sharply. A sliver of rock cut a
jagged gash in the ranger’s cheek, as
a bullet struck the wall above his
head.

  Dropping to his knees, Jim Hazel
peered across the canyon in search
of Black Carver. For the ranger
guessed that, somehow, the desper-
ado had discovered that he was in
the mine, and had been waiting to
kill him as he stepped outside the
tunnel.

  The silence that followed the rifle
shot was broken by a bull-throated
shout from the cabin:

  “Come out of there, with yore
hands up, ranger!”

  Jim Hazel did not answer.
Crouched against the wall of the
tunnel, too far back from the en-
trance for Black Carver to see him,
the forest ranger waited grimly,
with his cocked six-gun in his right
hand.

  An hour passed without anything
happening; then suddenly Black
Carver sent a volley of rifle shots
into the mouth of the tunnel. Bul-
lets spanged into the roof above Jim
Hazel’s head, and glanced off into
the darkness behind him.

  Several times, tiny slivers of rock
cut the ranger’s face and hands.
Then the shooting ceased as sud-
denly as it had started.

  Presently Jim Hazel saw Black
Carver’s bearded face peering
around an edge of the open cabin
door. Apparently puzzled at the
ranger’s silence, the desperado was
gazing toward the mouth of the tun-
nel. But still Jim Hazel made no
move.

  After watching the tunnel for a
little while, Black Carver leaped out
of the cabin rifle in hand. Gaining
the shelter of a fallen log, he
crouched behind it. Then slowly a
hat appeared over the top of the
snow-covered log.
84

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Jim Hazel grinned as he eyed the
hat; for, propped on the end of a
stick, it was wabbling in a manner
which it could not possibly have
done, had it been on a man’s head.
The hat disappeared, after a few
minutes.

  Apparently convinced that one
of his bhllets had killed the ranger,
Black Carver rose to his full height.
Still Jim Hazel held his fire.

  Slowly Black Carver strode to-
ward the tunnel. Now and again,
he sought shelter behind a stump
of a tree; but at last, he came out
into the open and strode toward the
mine.

  Nearer he came, and nearer still,
while, down on one knee, Jim Hazel
waited, with his six-gun covering the
approaching desperado.

  Yard by yard, the outlaw came
up the hill, until he was less than
a hundred feet from the ranger.
Then suddenly Jim Hazel leaped to
his feet. Sharp and clear, his voice
rang out in the silence of the winter
morning:

  “Up with your hands, Carver!”

  Whipping his rifle to his shoulder,
Black Carver blazed away just as
Jim Hazel fired. A bullet clipped a
lock of hair from the forest ranger’s
head; but, shot through the stomach,
the desperado toppled forward,
quivered a moment, then lay still.

  Hurrying forward, Jim Hazel cast
one glance at the outlaw, then the
ranger hurried to the cabin, where
he found the mail driver bound hand
and foot.

  “I met Carver just as I was leav-
ing the tunnel,” explained Snow-
bird Williams. “I told him you was
in the mine. He was holding me as

hostage in case you got him cor-
nered in the cabin.”

  As Jim Hazel was releasing the
bound man, he heard the tinkle of
sleigh bells. Stepping to the door,
he glanced down the trail.

  Out of the depths of No Man’s
Canyon came a dog team driven by
Bill Tigor. Behind it strode Curt
and young Gabe, each carrying a
rifle in the crook of his arm. Bill
stopped the dogs as they reached
the cabin, and stared at Jim Hazel’s
bruised and gashed face, and at the
left arm of the young ranger, which
dangled uselessly at his side.

  “We came to tell yuh that we
found where wolves had dug u.p the
bodies of the mail driver’s dogs,
Jimmy,” drawled the mountaineer.
“They was killed by the fellers who
stole the gold. A little farther on,
we found the charred pieces of a
sled, and some leather mail bags.”

 Snowbird Williams, who was
standing beside the forest ranger,
spat disdainfully into the snow.

  “That ain’t nothing to get het-up
over,” growled the old mail driver.
“While you was findin’ my dogs and
sled, Jim Hazel shot it out with the
outlaws, and recovered fifty thou-
sand dollars’ worth of vanished gold.

  “Which same,” drawled Bill Tigor,
“will shore make hist’ry in the
Thunder Bird Range.”

  Where them two crooks made their
big mistake was in figurin’ Jim Hazel ter
be as dumb as they were—the same mis-
take thet a hull herd of outlaws has made
afore ’em. Now there’s two less o’ the
outlaw breed ter worry the ranger. But
there’ll be another story about him, as
he keeps on makin’ hist’ry in the Thun-
der Birds, in Street & Smith’s Wild
West Weekly soon. Watch fer it.

K

HC
Johnny Forty-five and
the Brand Blotters

By Andrew A* Griffin

 Author of “Johnny Forty-five’s Sealed Orders,” etc.

CHAPTER I.

TWO DEPUTY MABSHALS.

IF something isn’t done about it
soon, we’ll be in for a govern-
ment investigation,” groaned
Colonel Shelton. “And those
thieves, whoever they are, work
right under our confounded noses!”
It was an hour after nightfall, and
the lonely little army outpost was
quiet. On all sides stretched the
rugged wilderness of southern Utah.
The yellow lamp in the headquar-
ters building was the only light
burning. The two worried officers,
however, had been nervously pac-
ing the floor since supper.

  “When do you think those two
U. S. marshals will get here, colo-
nel?” sighed the major.

  “They ought to be here any time
now,” the colonel grunted as he
gave his white mustache an impa-
tient tug.

  “Somehow I don’t think they’ll
be able to solve the problem,” the
major said gloomily.

  “Well, I don’t know,” admitted
his superior officer. “These mar-
shals are experts in matters of
horse stealing and cattle rustling—
at least, they ought to be. One of
the men that’s coming is Johnny
Forty-five, and he has quite a repu-
tation, they say, for-”
86

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  A shout outside interrupted him.
“Who goes there?” was the chal-
lenge in the darkness.

  “It’s the deputy marshals!” cried
the colonel with a sigh of relief.

  He went to the door, called out
an order to the guard, and pres-
ently two shadowy riders were out-
lined in the gloom. Saddle leather
creaked as two men dismounted.

  “We’ve been expectin’ you,” sang
out the major. “Come right on in.”
The first hombre to enter the
building was a fat man of about
forty, who carried himself with an
air of importance. A checkered
vest, on which a silver badge glit-
tered, was buttoned over his plump
stomach, and he wore a gun on his
hip. His double chins quivered as
he talked:

  “Evenin’, gents; evenin’! We got
yere as soon as we could.”

  The two army officers didn’t see
the hombre behind him at first.
The bulk of the fat deputy hid him
from view.

  “Glad to see you,” greeted the
colonel warmly. “Yo’re Johnny

Forty-five, aren’t yuh? Well-”

  “Why, no!” exclaimed the big of-
ficer indignantly. “My name is
Krumm—Deputy United States
Marshal George Krumm. Why,
most everybody has heard o’ me

and my reputation. I-”

  A cheery singsong voice inter-
rupted him as a ruddy-faced young
man stepped into the firelight. His
words, sung in a tuneful voice, made
the two army officers gasp in aston-
ishment:

“Johnny Forty-five’s my name,

  A kid from old Wyoming,

   When the rustlers know I’m on the job,
   They’ll do some fancy groaning.”

  They saw a smiling youth with
saucy blue eyes. Unlike his fellow
deputy, he had no badge in sight,

but wore two Colt .45s low on his
hips. He was dressed as an ordi-
nary cowboy, wearing a gray flannel
shirt and leather chaparajos.

  “Yo’re who?” demanded the colo-
nel in a tone of bitter disappoint-
ment.

  “Johnny Forty-five,” drawled the
young officer coolly.

  “Why, yo’re nothin’ but a boy!”
ejaculated the major. “Men are
needed on this job!”

  Johnny Forty-five looked sor-
rowful, and yet it seemed to the
major and the colonel that he was
laughing at them. His reply came
in rhyme:

   “I shore am mighty sorry
      That I am such a baby,

But I have two guns for playthings,
And I can use ’em, maybe.”

  The colonel’s face turned purple
with anger.

  “I’m not used to being spoken to
in such insolent—poetry!” he fumed.
“If you can use those guns of yores
at all, it would surprise me. Now
you listen to me.”

  He took the cigar from his mouth
and began to make motions with it,
waving it wildly in the air as he
talked and sputtered.

  There was a sudden burst of fire
and smoke from Johnny Forty-
five’s left hip. The windows rattled
with a terrific explosion. It came
so fast that nobody saw the deputy
draw, and when they looked at him
again his guns were back in their
holsters.

  “Why, you young whippersnap-

per-” shouted the colonel, his

face flushing angrily.

  The bullet had neatly clipped the
cigar from his fingers without touch-
ing him!

  “Excuse me,” murmured Johnny
Fofty-five. “It must’ve went off.
Strange, wasn’t it?”
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

87

 “Er—I hope yuh won’t mind
Johnny,” put in Deputy George
Krumm. “He’s sort o’ flighty, yuh
know, but he means well. 0’ course,
I’m on the job, and I usually sort
o’ keep the boy under my wing.
Now suppose we get down to busi-
ness. What’s the trouble down this
a way?”

  It was some time before the colo-
nel recovered himself enough to
talk. He still wasn’t certain
whether or not he had been the vic-
tim of an accident, and he regarded
Johnny Forty-five with a suspicious
eye.

  “Well, I don’t think you’ll be of
help to us,” he finally grunted, “but
you probably know that we have
nearly a thousand head of beef cat-
tle here at the army post—govern-
ment beef for the reservation, and
so forth. Besides the longhorns, we
always have about several hundred
horses.”

  “And they’ve been stealin' ’em
from yuh?” inquired Krumm, tak-
ing the camp chair that was offered
him.

  “We don’t know,” admitted the
major, shaking his head in bewilder-
ment. “Anyway, we’ve been losing
our stock by the hundreds, in some
way. There’s been no rustler raids
that we know of.”

 Johnny Forty-five was leaning
against the wall with his eyes half
closed. He looked as if he was
asleep.

  “Rustlin’ army cattle is a serious
business!” cried Deputy George
Krumm, swelling his chest indig-
nantly. “I’ll catch ’em; just leave
it to George Krumm! I always get
my man. Krumm never fails. Why,
two years ago in Colorado I-”

 “You probably are aware that
this will be mighty dangerous
work,” put in the major.

 “I don’t know the meanin’ of

fear,” said the fat deputy. “No,
siree! I’ll run these rustlers to
earth! Course, Johnny yere might
be able to help me some—he some-
times does—but-”

  “Are there many ranches here-
abouts?” said Johnny, sleepily open-
ing one eye.

  “Yes, this is a ranchin’ country,”
replied the major.

  “If yuh have a brand book,”
drawled Johnny, “I’d like to take a
look at it.”

  “We do have one,” grunted the
colonel, giving Johnny a hostile
look. “But I can’t see that it’ll do
a bit of good to look at that.”

  “How are yore stock branded?”
yawned Johnny.

  “Why with a U S,” said the colo-
nel. “Just a large U S—meanin’
government property.”

  “I see.” Johnny nodded. “Just
let me have a look at the brand
book.”

  With a grunt of impatience, the
colonel brought out the large vol-
ume, in which the various brands
of the territory were recorded.
Johnny glanced through it leisurely;
he took so much time that both the
major and the colonel were exasper-
ated.

  “You won’t find anything there to
help you,” snapped the latter.

  “They’re right, Johnny,” said
Deputy Krumm. “Yo’re wastin’
time.”

  Johnny, however, paid not the
slightest attention. With the book
balanced on one knee, he reached
for his “makings,” and with unbe-
lievable rapidity rolled a cigarette
with his left hand.

  To the amazement of the army
officers, however, he tossed it away
unlighted, and then rolled a smoke
with his right hand. This, too, he
threw away.

  “What’s the idea of such fool do-
88

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

ings as that?” demanded the colo-
nel.

“Smokin’ cigs is bad for the eyes,

And on the draw yuh’ll linger.

     But rollin’ ’em is mighty fine
       To exercise the finger.”

“Humph!” snorted the colonel as
he lighted a fresh cigar. “You must
be loco.”

“You won’t find any clew in that
brand book, anyway,” added the
major.

Johnny looked up with a cheerful
grin-

“I think I’ve already found it,”
he chuckled.

CHAPTER II.

A FACE AT THE WINDOW.

W/hat do yuh mean?” demanded
Colonel Shelton testily.

“Who owns this brand here—the

O	Bar 8?” asked Johnny Forty-five.
“And where’s the O Bar 8 Ranch?”
“A Mr. Jack Kelso owns it,” said
Shelton impatiently. “His ranch is
not far north of here.”

“Is his brand a new one?”

“Fairly so—about six months, I
think,” the major declared. “But
why do you ask?”

“There’s several ways to rustle
stock,” drawled the youthful dep-
uty. “One way is brand blottin’.
It’s sometimes easy to change one
brand into another one. Give me
that pencil, colonel, and a piece of
paper, and I’ll show yuh.”

Although by no means convinced,
they bent over Johnny while he
slowly traced the following:

 “There—that’s the army brand,
 isn’t it?” he grinned.

 “Sure,” admitted Colonel Shelton.
 “But—

  “Watch,” said Johnny, and he
added a few lines, changing the de-
sign to one that looked like this:

  “Why, it’s the O Bar 8!” gasped
the major. “Do yuh mean that

Jack Kelso-”

  “It looks a lot like it.” Johnny
shrugged.

  “I don’t believe it—not a word
of it!” cried the colonel stoutly.
“Why, I know this Kelso. He seems
a respectable rancher. He wouldn’t
do a thing like that. Besides, who
would dare change the government
brand?”

  “Dinero means more than gover’-
ment,” Johnny said, “to some folks.
Here’s another funny brand—the
Pitchfork Dollar.”

  “The Pitchfork Dollar is owned
by Dawes Clarkson,” said Colonel
Shelton. “He’s a man above re-
proach.”

  “But not above robbin’ the gov-
er’ment of a few cattle and hosses?”
Johnny grinned.

  “How can you suggest such a
thing?” snorted the colonel.

  “Cattle detectives suggest all
sorts of things,” said Johnny Forty-
five cheerfully. “Doesn’t such a
brand as a Pitchfork Dollar seem
mighty peculiar to yuh? Here’s
how it was done.”

  And Johnny drew the following,
beginning with the “U S” and add-
ing the additional lines:

 The two army men exchanged
glances. The major scratched his
head, and the colonel tugged
thoughtfully at his mustache.

  “I’ll have to admit,” said Shelton
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

89

finally, “that it does look strange.

Still, I can’t believe-”

  “The only thing that will con-
vince me,” said the major, “is a con-
fession from those two ranchers. We
could never convict ’em on such evi-
dence as this.”

  “Johnny,” said Krumm, clearing
his throat importantly, “I think
yo’re off on the wrong foot. Now,
if yuh’ll leave this to me, I’ll have
the mystery solved in jig time—and
without any fool monkey business,
either.”

  “Anyway,” drawled Johnny, “it
won’t do any harm to pay a little
call to the O Bar 8 and the Pitch-
fork Dollar, will it?”

  The two army men shrugged and
didn’t look enthusiastic.

  “That’s up to you,” Shelton
grunted. “All I want is to find out
who’s stealing the camp live stock.
Both of yuh had better stay here
in camp to-night, and to-morrow
you can do as you see fit. I’ve given
up hope.”

  “Never fear, colonel,” boasted the
fat deputy. “Just leave it to oP
George Krumm, the terror of evil-
doers, and—-—”

  His jaw suddenly dropped, and
his eyes went wide. He pointed to-
ward the window.

  “What’s the matter?” demanded
the army men.

  “It’s gone—now!” gasped Deputy
Krumm. “But I saw it plain as
day. It was pressed up against the
glass.”

  “What was?” cried the colonel.
“A face!” gulped Krumm nerv-
ously. “Somebody was there—a
Mexican, I think!”

  But Johnny had sprinted to the
door. Opening it, he dashed out-
side. They heard him circling the
building.

  “Who was it?” called out the
colonel.

  “I missed him,” said Johnny
breathlessly. “I saw his back, but
I lost him in the darkness. I didn’t
want to shoot until I knew for shore

thet-”

  “What do yuh think he was up
to?” asked Krumm uneasily.

  “An eavesdropper; he probably
heard every word we spoke,” said
the younger deputy marshal.
“We’ve got to be more careful now
than ever; he’ll probably warn the
guilty parties ahead of time.”

  None of the camp sentries had
seen anything of the intruders, and
the army officers were greatly mys-
tified. The listener by night had
vanished without a trace.

CHAPTER III.

    HAPPENINGS IN THE NIGHT.

^FTER eating a late supper, the
two deputy marshals were
shown to their quarters for the
night—a tent near the edge of the
encampment. Krumm had great
difficulty in worming his fat body
through the opening.

  “Sleepin’ in tents don’t appeal to
me none,” he groaned. “I’d rather
pound my ear right out in the
open.”

  Johnny grinned as he followed
Krumm inside.

“I don’t know all yore reasons,

     But I can think of one—

Yuh don’t want to be bothered by a tent
When the time comes for to run.”

  “Thet ain’t my reason at all,”
snorted the fat deputy. “Yuh know
very well thet I never run. I ain’t
afraid o’ nothin’—not ol’ George
Krumm. No, siree!”

  They threw themselves fully
dressed on the two cots, groping in
the gloom for their blankets. Then
Krumm remarked:

“Who do yuh suppose thet hom-
90

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

bre was? He shore had an ugly
face.”

  “I have an idea that he’ll get in
touch with Kelso and that Dawes
Clarkson hombre, whoever he was,”
mused Johnny. “And he might pay
us cmother call—and do more than
listen, this time.”

  “What makes yuh think thet?”
asked Krumm, his voice sounding
shaky in the darkness.

  “It might be profitable for those
brand blotters to put us out of the
way,” said Johnny cheerily.

  “D-d-do yuh think s-s-so?” the
fat deputy stammered.

  “Yo’re not afraid, are yuh,
George?”

  “Who? Me?” protested Krumm.
“Course I ain’t! All I want is a
chance at somebody, thet’s all. I
ain’t smelled smoke fer some time,
and I’m shore hankerin’ fer action.”
Krumm’s hankering for action,
however, didn’t keep him awake
long, and soon his deep snores filled
the narrow confines of the tent. The
rumbling of them fairly shook the
canvas walls.

  Johnny, however, lay wide awake.
Except for the measured step of the
sentry at long intervals, all was si-
lence. Once a coyote yapped lone-
somely far out on the plain.
Johnny, though, was listening for
other sounds. He had what is com-
monly known as a “hunch.”

  An hour passed; another; another.
Johnny was just at the point of
dozing off when he heard a stealthy
tread—a step so quiet that only the
keenest of hearing could have dis-
tinguished it from the rustling of
the dry grass.

  Johnny’s eyes were accustomed
to the gloom now, but it was still
so dark that he could make out lit-
tle. He heard a cautious scratching
noise, as if somebody was trying to
wriggle under the edge of the tent.

  Johnny Forty-five’s hands closed
over the butts of his Colts. He
raised his voice in a chant:

        “Come right in, amigo,

          And make yoreself at home,
        Here’s a couple souv’nirs—

          Watch out for yore dome!

  Two scarlet streaks of fire flared
in the darkness of the tent, followed
by twin explosions that rang out
like thunder.

  There was a loud yell of pain and
dismay from the intruder, and a
shout from Deputy George Krumm
as he fell from his cot, floundering
among his blankets.

  “Johnny!” he yelped. “What in
the-”

  Johnny Forty-five listened to the
sound of feet scurrying away from
the tent, and he grinned.

  “We had a caller,” he chuckled,
“but he ’lowed he wouldn’t stay
none. Here’s his callin’ card—a
steel one.”

  He struck a match, and by its
light, showed the fat deputy a long-
bladed Mexican knife that had been
dropped by the would-be murderer
in his frantic flight.

  “G-g-golly!” Krumm gulped. “It
was a mighty close call. Did yuh
hit him when yuh fired?”

  “I’d gamble that I did—a little,”
Johnny laughed. “I think we’ll see
our Mexican friend again.”

  Groaning and mumbling to him-
self, Jose Pacho beat a hurried re-
treat from the army camp. Once
he fell over a tent rope and got up,
swearing. As he ran he held his
hands to the sides of his head.

  He escaped without being seen by
the sentries, and quickly found his
wiry Mexican cayuse, which had
been hidden in a near-by arroyo.
He stopped to tie his bandanna
handkerchief about his head before
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

91

mounting. Jose wasn’t in a very
good humor.

  He rode directly northward, not
following the main wagon road, but
taking a short cut through the ce-
dars. After an up-and-downhill ride
of several miles, he reached a spot
where two well-traveled trails came
together.

  By this time the east was begin-
ning to grow light with the ap-
proaching dawn. In spite of the
hour, however, there was a gleam
of lamplight from a building near
the junction. The Mexican spurred
his pony on at a faster clip, and
swung out of the saddle at the fork
in the road.

  The light came from the grimy
windows of a saloon known as The
Crossroads Bar—a small ramshackle
building, but with an evil appear-
ance. It had once been painted red,
but now the paint was peeling off,
and the roof had been patched with
tin. A more hideous place prob-
ably didn’t exist within a hundred
miles.

  Jose tied his horse, went to the
door, and pushed it open. The sin-
gle large room was blue with ciga-
rette smoke and rank with the
fumes of bad whisky. Late as the
hour was, a half dozen men were
at the bar or at the card tables.
And there was one woman-—a Mexi-
can girl.

  “Have you come at last, father?”
she called out, even before the oth-
ers realized that Jose had entered.
She spoke in Spanish.

  “Yes. Where ees Kelso—and
Clarkson?” cried Jose irritably.

  “What’s up, Jose?” demanded a
heavy, thickset hombre with a knife-
scarred lip and beetling black eye-
brows. It was Kelso, the owner of
the near-by O Bar 8 Rancho.

  “Mucho ees the matter!” snarled
the Mexican, fingering his head.

  “What’s the matter with yore
ears?” questioned another of the
men in the saloon.

  With an oath, Jose Paeho re-
moved the bandanna. Both ears
had been neatly drilled through
with .45 bullets!

  “Thees is what ees the matter!”
groaned the Mexican. “I watch the
army c-ampo, like you tell me,
Kelso,” he explained excitedly.
“Two deputy hombres, they come
about cattle.”

  “What?” growled Kelso, deep in
his throat.

  The others all pressed close
around, eager to hear what Jose had
to tell them. They were a hard-
looking lot, all heavily armed, and
bore the cruel look of professional
killers.

  “It ees true. Already thees two
men, they savvy who changes the
cattle brands,” panted Jose. And
the Mexican told the others what
he had learned by listening outside
the headquarters window.

  “Those two marshals have got to
be taken care of—and yuh all know
which way I mean!” snarled Kelso
in a fury. “They’ll spoil our game
in no time. What’s their plans,
Jose?”

  “They plan to come see you,”
grulited Jose. “To-day.”

  “Good!” Kelso grinned. “Hear
thet, Clarkson?”

  “Yeah,” said a tall, evil-faced
hombre with greenish, lynx eyes.
“They’ll git more’n they bargain fer
if they come out to the Pitchfork
Dollar.”

  “But, papacita, how were your
ears hurt?” asked the Mexican girl,
who seemed to be Jose’s daughter.
She had tossed aside the black ciga-
rette she had been smoking, and
now her eyes flashed angrily.

  “The little hombre, I think—he
ees a devil—he ees not human!”
92

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

Pacho stormed. “All the time he
sing like loco man, shoot like loco
man!”

  “What yuh mean by sing?” ques-
tioned the owner of the Pitchfork
Dollar.

  “Tra-la-la—like that all time,”
grunted the Mexican in deep dis-
gust. “He name Johnny Forty-
five.”

  “Humph!” sneered Kelso. “We’ll
fix him, and thet other depity, too.
Pickin’s is too easy to let them spoil
it fer us. Is the army wise to what’s
been goin’ on?”

 “No, they not believe what
Johnny, he say; but Johnny say he
prove,” said the Mexican.

  “I hate them both, padre!” ex-
claimed the girl fiercely. “We will
make them pay for what they have
done to you.”

  “Well, all of yuh gather round
close,” Kelso snarled, “and we’ll
make our plans. With us warned,
them two depities ain’t got a chance
in the world. Now listen close to
what I’m goin’ to say.”

  As Kelso talked in a low tone,
making each plan in detail, the hard
faces of the gunmen relaxed into
evil grins. Dawes Clarkson, too,
had something to say, and when all
had been agreed to, they went to
the bar to have a drink on it. Al-
ready dangers were gathering on
the horizon for Johnny Forty-five
and George Krumm!

CHAPTER IV.

KRUMM CHANGES HIS MIND.

AT six o’clock that morning the
two deputy United States mar-
shals left the army encampment,
riding northward into the cedar-
clad mountains. Johnny was riding
a wiry little roan pony, while
Krumm jolted up and down on the
back of a chestnut horse that

seemed about to collapse with his
weight at any moment.

  “I hope it ain’t far,” Krumm mut-
tered. “Which ranch do yuh aim
to visit first, Johnny?”

  “The O Bar 8, because it’s near-
est,” said Johnny; “then we’ll ride
on up to the Pitchfork Dollar.”

  “I think we’re on a wild-goose
chase,” groaned Krumm. “If yuh’d

listen to me-”

  “If my idea don’t work, then we’ll
try yores,” said Johnny. “But
what’s this up ahead?”

  They now found themselves at
the fork in the two trails, and
Johnny and Krumm caught a
glimpse of a building ahead of them
in the cedars.

  “Crossroads Bar,” spelled out
Krumm as they came abreast of it.
“It’s a saloon! Who’d have thought
we’d find one away out yere?”

  “It does seem strange,” agreed
Johnny.

  “Yuh know, I think I need a
drink,” said Krumm huskily. “I
never drink, o’ course; all I do is
take some for my cough now and
then. Let’s stop a minute.”

  “Seems to me that yuh have a
cold most of the time.” Johnny
grinned. “What causes yore cough?

I	notice that it always gets worse
when we get close to saloons.”

  “I got a gun-smoke cough,” said
Krumm seriously.

  “A what?”

  “A gun-smoke cough—on account
o’ me inhalin’ so much powder
smoke in my time, yuh know,” the
fat deputy explained,

  “It’s too bad,” chuckled Johnny,
“but we haven’t time to make any
stops now. On the way back we
might call at The Crossroads Bar
and take a look around; some of
that rustler gang might use it for
a hang-out.”

  They trotted on, following the
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

93

wide sweep of the road as it climbed
on toward the northwest. Six or
eight miles farther on, if the colo-
nel’s directions had been correct,
they would come upon the O Bar 8
spread.

  It was a wild and rugged country,
over which many herds of cattle
ranged. Cedars and pinons grew
on the higher, rocky slopes, and the
desertlike floor of the valley was
dotted with mesquites. Square-
topped mesas blocked off the west-
ern horizon in a series of steps, and
over all was a deep-blue sky and a
golden sun.

  “Give yore cayuse the spur,
George,” said Johnny after another
mile of riding, “and we’ll see if we
can’t get near enough to that bunch
of longhorns to make out the
brands.”

  Krumm was a poor rider, and
Johnny left him far behind as he
galloped over the flats toward a
small and very much startled beef
herd. The cattle ran like wild
things, but Johnny learned what he
wanted.

  “Just as I thought,” he told the
fat deputy. “There were two 0
Bar 8 calves there runnin’ with U S
mothers. Queer, ain’t it?”

  Krumm scratched his head. “It
does seem funny. Mebbe them cows
didn’t have any calves of their own,
so they adopted a couple.”

  “I think Kelso sort of helped out
in the adoptin’,” said Johnny
grimly. “Let’s be goin’ on.”

  “What are we goin’ to do when
we get there?” asked Krumm un-
easily.

  “I think we have enough on -Kelso
to arrest him,” returned Johnny
Forty-five.

  “W-w-will there be t-t-trouble?”
Krumm faltered, turning a shade
paler.

  “We might get killed, of course,”

said Johnny coolly, “but I don’t
think there’ll be much trouble.”
“Don’t yuh call that trouble?”
groaned the fat deputy. “Course I
ain’t afraid to face gunfire—not ol’

George Krumm. But-”

  “Not to change the subject, it
seems the trail forks here again,”
pointed out Johnny Forty-five.

  “Which road will we take now?”
Krumm wanted to know.

  “There’s a signboard; maybe that
will tell us,” observed the younger
deputy, riding his pony closer to a
roughly lettered piece of board that
had been nailed to a pine tree near
the fork in the trail.

  It bore a grim message, and there
was no mistaking what was meant.
Johnny read it:

     O Bar 8 raNCH
   viSItoRs nOT waNTEd/ —>

   BooT HILL jjRAveYarD
 <— VisItoRs weLCOme/

  “Well, George,” said Johnny, “I
guess we go to the right,” and he
nodded toward the arrow that
pointed due north.

  Krumm’s jaw had dropped, and
his eyes protruded. His double
chins trembled, and he moistened
his lips feverishly.

  “I—I don’t think I’ll g-g-go with
yuh, Johnny,” he stuttered.

  “Why not?” Johnny chuckled.
“Yuh shorely don’t mean that yo’re
goin’ in the other direction—toward
the Boot Hill Graveyard?”

  “N-n-no, of course not,” the fat
deputy said feebly. “I’m goin’ back
—toward the Pitchfork Dollar
Ranch, yuh know. Don’t yuh think
it would be a better idea if I left
the 0 Bar 8 to yuh while I tackle
the Pitchfork Dollar?”
94

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

 “That would be a muy bueno
idea, George, if yuh’d do it,” agreed
Johnny. “It would be nice if we
could strike the two ranches at once,
so they wouldn’t be able to warn
each other.”

  “Then thet’s what I’ll do,” said
Krumm with a great sigh of relief.

  “Are yuh shore yuh won’t high-
tail it back to the army camp?”
Johnny drawled.

 “Who? Me?” the fat deputy
cried indignantly. “Yuh must think
I’m a coward, Johnny. Let me tell
yuh, thar ain’t one bit o’ cowardice
in ol’ George Krumm. No, siree!
I’m with yuh to the last ditch.”
“Well, when we get to the last
ditch,” Johnny chuckled, “just be
shore yuh ain’t hidin’ in it. Adios,
then. We’ll meet later.”

  Krumm was only too anxious to
turn his horse and head back in the
way they had come. Johnny, roll-
ing a cigarette first with one hand
and then with the other, rode jaun-
tily on toward the 0 Bar 8—where
visitors weren’t wanted.

CHAPTER Y.

TWO CAPTURES.

IOHNNY FORTY-FIVE rode

4	boldly down into the little sink
where the buildings of the Kelso
ranch were huddled.

  It was then about nine in the
morning, but the deputy saw no
signs of life about the rancho, and
this struck him at once as peculiar,
and served to put him on his guard.

  He saw nobody as he left the nar-
row road to descend among the
thick cedars that-hid the hacienda.
The house, which was built in the
Spanish style, seemed deserted.
There were a few horses moving
among the mesquites of a large
barbed-wire corral, but aside from
these the ranch seemed empty.

  He dismounted near the long, low
bunk house, which was covered with
black tar paper and had windows of
oiled paper. He thumped on the
door, and as nobody answered him,
he pushed against it.

  But there was no reply to his
cheerful chant:

   “It’s only Johny Forty-five,

   Makin’ a friendly call,

But if any one wants trouble,

Start rollin’ yore little ball!”

  There was nobody in the bunk
house, but Johnny got the impres-
sion that he smelled fresh cigarette
smoke. As he himself didn’t smoke,
his nose was keen. It was a warn-
ing of danger.

  Leaving the bunk house, he strode
directly toward the hacienda, whis-
tling as he walked. Although he
knew that He might be ambushed
and shot down without mercy at
any moment, his impudent face was
as carefree as ever.

  “Anybody home?” he sang out as
he reached the rear door.

 There was no response, and
Johnny tried the latch to see if the
door was unfastened. It was. It
swung wide against the pressure of
his shoulder.

  “If it’s a trap, they’re slow about
springin’ it,” Johnny thought as he
stepped into the kitchen.

  There was nobody there, and no-
body could have been hiding in the
room, as no piece of furniture was
large enough to conceal a man. The
stove was near the door, and Johnny
put his hand to it. The stove was
still warm, almost hot.

  “If there’s any one here, I’m ad-
visin’ ’em to show themselves,” the
young deputy called out.

  The door leading to the other
rooms was closed. Step by step, he
walked slowly toward it. It was
ticklish work, and his nerves tin-
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

95

gled. The fireworks, he knew, might
start at any moment, and he was
at a huge disadvantage.

   He had just reached forward for
 the doorknob in order to explore the
 rest of the house when it happened!

   The door was flung wide open,
 and he caught a quick, confused
 glimpse of several armed men!

   “We got yuh, kid!” rasped an ex-
 ulting voice. “Stick ’em up!”

   Johnny’s lithe hands darted to-
 ward his hips. But before his guns
 could get into action he felt a
 strange and terrible sensation of
 falling! The floor seemed to open
 up beneath his feet!

   He had stepped upon a trapdoor!
 The spring had been released, and
 there was nothing under him but
 emptiness!

   The deputy tried in vain to clutch
 at the sides of the opening through
 which he was plunging, but it had
 all happened too suddenly. Spin-
 ning over backward, he shot through
 the floor and into darkness!

  There was a loud laugh from
 above, then a terrific impact as
 Johnny’s head struck solid ground
 a dozen feet below. Lights seemed
 to flash before his eyes like stars
 as the force of the fall knocked the
 breath from his body. Bells rang in
 his ears—then silence. He lost con-
 sciousness.

   He could not have been senseless
 very long before he felt rough hands
 grasping him. Then some one
 kicked him in the side. He could
 see little, and was too weak to put
 up much of a struggle.

   “He’s just stunned,” he heard
 somebody mutter, and then it
 seemed as if he was being pulled
 and pushed up a steep ladder.

   With daylight shining in his face
 again, Johnny Forty-five opened his
 eyes. His head ached and pounded,
 Kbut already he was recovering.

  He remembered now that sudden,
breath-taking drop through the
trapdoor. Four or five evil-faced
jaspers were gathered about him
now. He was flat on the floor, and
one of the heaviest was kneeling on
the muscles of his arms while an-
other held him helpless.

  “Well, so we got the slick depity-
marshal kid without firin’ a shot,”
taunted a mocking voice. “I reckon
we can show the law a few tricks
they’ve never heard of. Smart,
wasn’t he? But not smart enough.”

  A knife-scarred face stared down
into Johnny’s own.

  “Know who I am, kid?” he leered.

  Johnny made no reply.

  “Well, I’m Kelso—Jack Kelso,”
came the angry snarl.

  Johnny Forty-five’s answer came
in a tuneful singsong—a rhyme so
gay that it seemed as if nothing un-
usual had happened:

   “Can’t say I’m glad to meet yuh,

Yore face is too ugly for that,

   If I were you, here’s what I’d do,

  I’d hide it with my hat!”

  Kelso gnashed his teeth in fury,
and he shook his big fist in his pris-
oner’s face.

  “Make fun o’ my face, eh?” he
rasped. “Yo’re goin’ to get yores,
never fear, and in a way yuh won’t
like! Yore face will look plenty bad
when I’m through with it! Whar’s
thet pard o’ yores—-the fat jasper?”

  “I expect yuh’d better try and
find that out yoreself,” said the dep-
uty coolly.

  A shower of blows and kicks fol-
lowed this, but they failed to wipe
the smile from Johnny’s lips. When
they had tired of their abuse, they
bound their captive tightly with
lariat rope and dragged him outside.

  “We’ll get yore pard, never doubt
it, kid,” Kelso sneered, “and yuh
both are goin’ fer a long, long ride.
96

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

All right, Welton. Lift him on thet

hoss."’

  “Where to now, boss?” asked a
whiskered gunman.

  “To the Pitchfork Dollar, I
reckon,” said Kelso evilly, “but fust
we’ll stop off a bit at the Crossroads
Bar.”

  Deputy Marshall George Krumm
wasn’t any too anxious to ride to
the Pitchfork Dollar spread. In fact,
he was particularly anxious not to.
The more he saw of the business at
hand, the less he liked it.

  “Johnny’s too impulsive,” he
muttered as he jogged along, “too
danged impulsive. It ain’t the way
to solve cases like this. No, siree!
No use rushin’ headlong into such
things.”

  He hadn’t yet made up his mind
where to go or what to do when he
came within sight of the Crossroads
Bar. That decided George Krumm.

  “I might just as well go in there
and wait for Johnny—bein’ as he’s
on a wild-goose chase, anyway,” he
thought.

  He dismounted outside, tied his
horse to the hitch rail, and strutted
across the wooden porch to the
swinging green doors.

  Inside the saloon, he looked about
him with a sigh of great relief.

  “This is more like it,” he mut-
tered. “It’s just the place to spend
a quiet hour or two.”

  At first Krumm saw nobody in
the room but the stony-eyed bar-
tender; then he became conscious
that a Spanish senorita was occupy-
ing one of the tables. Krumm im-
mediately swelled out his chest,
bowed, and doffed his hat with a
gallant gesture.

  “Way-noze deez, senorita,” he
said with what he imagined to be
a perfect Spanish accent.

  He failed to catch the angry flash

of Lupe Pacho’s big black eyes. It
was instantly replaced, however, by
a look of guile and a dazzling smile.
Poor Krumm was done for from
that moment on.

  “Won’t yuh have a drink, senor-
ita?” he offered.

  “I nevair drink, but thanks,
senor,” Lupe said sweetly.

  “I never do, either, except for my
cough,” said the fat deputy as he
called for whisky straight.

  Krumm was always talkative, es-
pecially when he had an audience.
The first drink called for another,
and Krumm’s tongue became loos-
ened. And the gay senorita seemed
interested.

  “Yes, siree, I’m a deputy United
States marshal,” announced Krumm
proudly. “Savvy U. S. marshal,
senorita?”

  “Oh, si, sir, senor,” she beamed.
“You must be ver’ brave man.”

  “I don’t know the meanin’ of the
word ‘fear,’ ” said Krumm as he
lighted a cigar. “Just a few weeks
ago I captured a bunch o’ stage rob-
bers single-handed—that is, almost
single-handed. I had my young
partner with me, but o’ course, I did
most of the shootin’, to say nothin’
of the brain work.”

  Lupe gave him a languishing
smile. “You are ver’ handsome
man, too,” she sighed.

  Krumm’s pink face became even,
pinker with pleasure. He smoothed
back his bristly hair and mustache.

  “I’m no beauty, o’ course,” he ad-
mitted, “but I know there’s some-
thin’ faseinatin’ about the strong-
and-rugged type like what I am.”
“Thees gun with which you keel
so many—may I see it, senor?”
coaxed the gay senorita.

  “I couldn’t refuse a lady any-
thing.” Krumm smiled broadly.
“I’ll be only too glad to let yuh see
it.”

WW-6D
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

97

  Ho reached for the gun at his hip
and drew it out. He handed it to
the girl with a gallant bow.

 She took the gun and—to
Krumm’s horrified amazement—
spun it with practiced ease on her
forefinger, lined the sights with the
big deputy’s heart, and covered him
with it!

  “Say, lady, don’t do thet—yuh

may-” Krumm gasped out.

  But Lupe Pachos was a woman
transformed. She glared at Krumm
like a tigress, and she pressed the
gun muzzle so hard against his ribs
that he gasped with fright.

  At the same moment the rear
door of the saloon swung open, and
a half dozen hard-faced desperadoes
slipped in from the back room where
they had been in hiding. All held
six-guns in their hands.

  “Get yore paws up, yuh fat stiff!”
snarled the foremost.

  Krumm, nearly fainting, obeyed
the command so suddenly he nearly
dislocated his arms.

  “Bueno. Nov/ freeze!” ordered
one of the gunmen. “If yuh move,
we’ll ventilate yore clothes while
yo’re still in ’em!”

  If the bar hadn’t been there to
hold Krumm up, he would probably
have fallen to the floor in terror. As
it was, great drops of cold sweat be-
gan to trickle down his forehead.

  “You beeg fool,” taunted Lupe.
“Thees is what you get for shoot-
ing my padre in hees ears.”

  “B-b-but I didn’t do it; honest!”
stammered the fat deputy in mis-
ery. “Yuh must mean my p-p-pard-
ner, Johnny Forty-five. I didn’t do
nothin’ to anybody.”

  “And yuh never will do nothin’,
see?” growled one of the despera-
does. “Savvy who I am? Well,
I’m Dawes Clarkson, owner of the
Pitchfork Dollar. We got yuh, and
by this time Kelso will have got
WW-7D

yore kid pard. What do yuh say
to thet?”	*

  “Yuh w-w-wouldn’t k-k-kill me,
would yuh?” Krumm blurted.

  Clarkson and his gunmen ex-
changed glances and winked know-
ingly. Then the owner of the Pitch-
fork Dollar spoke again.

  “If I give yuh one chance fer yore
life, will yuh leave the country and
never come back?” he asked sneer-
ingly.

  “I’ll do anything yuh say,” gulped
Krumm.

  “Bueno,” said Dawes Clarkson
with a smile. “Then sign the note
I’m goin’ to write.”

  He demanded pen and paper from
the bartender and scrawled a mes-
sage of a few lines. When he had
finished, he read the following
aloud:

  “To Colonel Shelton: My pard and
me have found thet we was wrong about
the O Bar 8 and the Pitchfork Dollar bein
mixed up in russled army cattle. Goodby,
we are leavin the country fer reasons of
our own.”

  Krumm groaned, and at first re-
fused to sign such a letter. Under
the revolvers of the Clarkson gun-
men, however, he weakened.

  “All right. I’ll s-s-s-sign,” he
gasped.

  “Yuh’d better,” leered Clarkson,
and he handed Krumm the pen.

  The fat deputy’s hand shook so
that he could hardly write his name,
but he had just signed it when the
sound of horses’ hoofs was heard
outside. One of the desperadoes
peered through the front door.

  “It’s Kelso,” he announced with
a grin, “and he’s got the other dep-
ity marshal with him, tied up like
a roped hawg.”

  “Everything’s workin’ out fine,”
said the Pitchfork Dollar owner, and
he rubbed his hands together glee-
fully.
98

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

CHAPTER VI.

IN HOT WATER.

f)AWES CLARKSON’S first or-
der terrified Krumm, for he told
his men to search the big deputy
carefully and tie him up.

  “Ii-b-but I thought yuh said
yuh’d let me g-g-go if I signed thet
letter to the colonel,” he stammered.

  Dawes Clarkson threw his evil
head back and roared with unwhole-
some laughter. His men joined with
him in a chorus of hearty guffaws.

  “Yuh fat fool, do yuh think I
meant thet?” he mocked. “Yuh fell
fer it hook, line, and sinker, didn’t
yuh? Yuh know too danged much
fer us to let yuh live, even if we
wanted to—and we don’t want to.
Yuh got to die along with yore kid
pard.”

  Krumm wilted at this news, and
if the others hadn’t held him up-
right, he would have dropped in a
faint.

  “But thet letter-” he bleated

finally.

  “Yuh was a fool to sign it.”
Clarkson grinned. “It just makes
it easier fer us, thet’s all, and it
covers our tracks. Nobody will ever
find yore bodies; we’ll take good
care o’ thet. And our brand-fixin’
game will go on just like alius.”

  “All he did was give us a blamed
good alibi,” snickered one of Clark-
son’s henchmen. “Hadn’t yuh bet-
ter send thet message to the army
camp right away, chief?”

 “Good idea.” The Pitchfork
owner nodded, and he sent one of
his riders toward the distant en-
campment with the letter to which
Krumm had so lucklessly attached
his name.

  In the meantime, Kelso and his
men had pulled up in front of the
Crossroads Bar with their pris-
oner, Johnny Forty-five.

  When Krumm saw Johnny, he al-
most burst into tears.

  “I wish now I’d stayed with you,
Johnny,” he moaned. “Things
might have turned out different.”

  In spite of the seriousness of the
situation, Johnny couldn’t help
laughing at the sight of Krumm’s
woebegone face. He broke into his
old familiar chant:

“Cheer up, George, and crack a smile,
While there’s life, there shore is hope
We’ll introduce these buzzards yet
To the jail house and the rope!”

  “Yeah?” sneered Kelso, who had
stopped to shake hands with his
partner in crime, Dawes Clarkson.
“Yuh’ll change thet tune o’ yores
afore long, kid.”

  “This fathead yere has just signed
a letter to the colonel thet he and
his pard was leavin’ the country,”
guffawed Clarkson. “Thet shore
will cover up our trail.”

  “Good work, Dawes!” cackled
Kelso, slapping his leg. “Well,
what’s on the program now?”

  They talked for a time, and then
it was decided that the two prison-
ers would be taken to a lonely shack
on the Pitchfork Dollar Ranch by
Clarkson and his men. Kelso would
return to his ranch in order to cover
things up as much as possible.

  “And what’ll I do with ’em when
we get ’em to the shack, Kelso?”
laughed Clarkson unpleasantly.

  “The last time I was thar,” said
Kelso, “I noticed a square wooden
box. Remember what’s in it? Well,
does thet give yuh an idea?”

  Clarkson stared at Kelso for a
moment, and then broke into an
ugly chuckle.

“I get yuh, Kelso; trust yuh to
think o’ thet! I ain’t got any more
use fer thet shack, anyway, so we
might as well do the job up right.”
“Well, be careful o’ thet rhymin’
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

99

kid,” grunted Kelso as he swung
back into his saddle. “He’s a slip-
pery little whelp. Good luck!”

  The O Bar 8 riders joined their
leader and rode back toward their
home headquarters in a cloud of
dust, leaving the two prisoners with
Dawes Clarkson and his five men.
One of these was Jose Pacho—the
Mexican whom Johnny had marked
with six-gun slugs. He gave Johnny
an evil glance and told Clarkson
that he was going to remain behind
with his daughter.

  “Darn thet Mex girl!” Krumm
groaned. “But it’s yore fault,
Johnny. If yuh hadn’t shot up her
padre she wouldn’t have trapped
me.”

  “Let’s get started!” Clarkson
scowled.

  Krumm was placed on his own
horse and securely tied to the sad-
dle. The others gathered close
about the two prisoners, eager to
shoot if they attempted an escape,
and the riders started on their way
toward the Pitchfork Dollar.

  “We’re ridin’ to our deaths,
Johnny,” Krumm groaned.

  “Oh, I don’t know about that.”
Johnny grinned cheerfully. “Some
of these jaspers might be ridin’ to
theirs.”

  “Shut up, blast yuh!” growled
Clarkson. “When yuh know what
we’re goin’ to do to yuh, yuh’il
change thet tune o’ yores.”

  Johnny had been straining at his
bonds ever since leaving the Kelso
ranch; but the desperadoes had
done their work well, and every ef-
fort seemed to tighten instead of
loosen the ropes. As for Krumm,
he was sunk too deep in despair to
do anything but groan.

  At a brisk pace the party climbed
into the hills north of the cross-
roads. No help was to be had, for
law had not yet come to that part

of the Southwest, and there was no
chance that they would meet any
one. The way became more and
more lonely. The trail dwindled to
a mere track, and the desolate
mountains rose higher on every side.

  They all left the trail together
and then penetrated deep into a
forest of scrub pine. When this
thinned out they found themselves
on the rim of a valley. Here they
struck another dim trail, and an-
other half hour brought them to a
clearing, in the center of which was
a shack clumsily built of logs.

  It was not the headquarters of
the Pitchfork Dollar outfit, but
served as a cow camp during the
round-up and branding seasons.
Nobody was about, and the rank
yellow grass grew knee-high. No
more dreary or more out-of-the-way
place could have been imagined.

  “Yere’s whar we git off,” grunted
Clarkson. “Yuh two depities had
better take a good look at the
scenery; it’s goin’ to be yore last.”

  Johnny and Krumm w7ere roughly
pulled from their horses, and, still
bound with lariat ropes, were
dragged into the shack.

 “D-d-don’t kill us!” Krumm
moaned, his broad face as white as
paper.

  “George,” said Johnny with a
smile, “if we’ve got to die, let’s do
it like United States marshals.”

  “Wait till yuh see what we’re go-
in’ to do,” sneered Clarkson.

  And they weren’t kept long in
suspense as to the method chosen
for their end. The shack was bare
of any furniture, except for a few
boxes, and Clarkson opened one of
these with the rusty head of a
hatchet he picked up from a cor-
ner. It seemed to be full of saw-
dust.

  “Dynamite!” Krumm gulped as
Clarkson carefully unloaded a pile
100

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

of plump sticks covered with greasy
yellow paper.

  “Yeah,” leered the Pitchfork Dol-
lar owner. “This shows what we do
to cattle snoopers out in this neck
o’ the woods. We’re goin’ to blow
yuh both to kingdom come!”

CHAPTER VII.

TEN FEET OF FUSE.

[£RUMM ’S teeth began to chatter.

    He tried to speak, but no sound
came. Both prisoners had been
thrown helplessly into a corner of
the shack, and with horrified eyes
they watched Clarkson make his
terrible preparations.

  It seemed impossible that such
an inhuman set of scoundrels could
exist. The death, of course, would
be sudden and merciful enough
when it came, but the idea of it
was hideous.

  One of the men brought out a
square tin of dynamite caps and be-
gan inserting these into the ends of
the sticks. To one of these a sec-
tion of fuse was attached, then the
dynamite was replaced in the box, a
coil of white fuse about ten feet in
length emerging from it.

  When these things had been done
to Clarkson’s satisfaction, he turned
to one of his gunmen with an order:
“Now tie them two to thet scant-
lin’ thar in the corner; we don’t
want ’em rollin’ over on the floor
toward the dynamite. They might
try to bite the fuse, or somethin’.”
This was soon done, George
Krumm and Johnny Forty-five be-
ing trussed to a beam out of reach
of the explosive. Clarkson evi-
dently believed that anything worth
doing is worth doing well.

  Krumm seemed too frightened
even to beg for mercy now. All his
bravado had fled from him, and he
shook like an aspen leaf in a gale.

  “Got anything to say afore we
leaves yuh?” Clarkson grinned as
he lighted a cigarette and blew a
contemptuous cloud of smoke to-
ward his two victims.

  Krumm’s feeble wail was drowned
out by hoarse laughs from the oth-
ers. Clarkson took a pint flask of
whisky from his hip pocket, and
waving it derisively, asked Krumm
if he wanted something to brace
him up.

  Krumm had no reply to this; but
Johnny had, and it came in his usual
singsong:

     “Have yore fun, amigo,

Just go ahead and drink,

      But there’s a pay day cornin’

Maybe sooner than yuh think.”

  Clarkson took a final swig from
the flask, and then, with an oath,
he hurled the empty bottle at
Johnny. It struck the young mar-
shal in the ribs.

  “Thet’s fer you,” he sneered. “All
right, boys. Light thet fuse and
we’ll be ridin’ from yere.”

  A match was struck, and in an-
other moment the fuse was sput-
tering flame.

  “Adios!” called out Clarkson
mockingly, and then turned and left
the shack after the others. Johnny
heard them mount and ride slowly
away.

  “Well, George,” Johnny panted,
“we’ve got to do somethin’—now
or never.”

  “We’re goners!” groaned the fat
deputy hopelessly.

  And it seemed as if they were.
Already a foot or more of the fuse
had burned, and the blackened end
was curling upward in the smoke.
It made a steady hiss, like that of
a snake.

  “I think—he made a mistake,”
Johnny gasped, “when he threw
that bottle—at me.”
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

101

  It had dropped near his feet, and
with an effort Johnny raised his
bound ankles from the ground and
let his boot heels drop on the flask.
There was a crunching sound as it
smashed.

  “What good—is thet—goin’ to do
us?” Krumm wailed.

  “Only one chance—in a million,
George,” muttered the younger dep-
uty, who was already busy.

  The flask was of heavy glass, and
had broken almost exactly in half.
By wriggling and kicking with his
feet, Johnny had already managed
to get it beneath his body. Now, if
he could only bring the ropes in
contact with the sharp edge!

  He felt a twinge of pain as he cut
his forearm slightly, but he only set
his teeth and worked the harder.
The rope that bound him to the
scantling didn’t give him much lee-
way. It was awkward, painful work,
and agonizingly slow.

  “Hurry, fer Pete’s sake, Johnny!”
bleated Krumm.

  “How much of the fuse is left?”
asked Johnny without looking.
Split seconds were precious now.

  “It’s nearly half gone!” Krumm
screeched.

  Zz-z-z-z-zz! The steady hissing
of the fuse warned of awful death.
Sweat was dripping from Johnny’s
face, but already he felt a strand of
rope give way.

  But all the other strands were
harder to cut through. Time after
time the piece of bottle slipped out
of position, and each time he worked
it back again. The shack was al-
ready half filled with smoke from
the burning fuse, the fiery end of
which shone like a red eye.

  “Only three feet, left!” sobbed
Krumm. “We’ll be blown sky-high
in another two minutes!”

  There wasn’t much doubt of that.
There was enough dynamite in the

box to wipe the shack from the map
—and about an acre of ground along
with it.

  “I’m gettin’ loose!” Johnny cried.
“Keep up yore courage. We’ll make
it yet.”

  “Whatever yuh do, don’t start
singin’ yore fool poetry now!”
Krumm groaned.

  Johnny was singing in his heart,
at least, for a final jerk of his pow-
erful arms broke the lariat, and he
clawed the ropes from his tired body
and lurched to his feet.

  “Get me out of this—quick!” the
fat deputy pleaded. “Only two feet
o’ fuse left!”

  Johnny’s fingers, in their eager-
ness to free his friend, seemed all
thumbs, and it seemed ages before
the first knot had been loosened.
At last, however, he untied the knot
that held Krumm to the beam, then
the one at his wrists, just as
Krumm, whose eyes were toward
the door, yelled:

  “Look out, Johnny!”

  Johnny spun on the heels of his
boots.

  There, in the open doorway, stood
Dawes Clarkson!

       CHAPTER IX.
       fightin’ some!

[)AWES CLARKSON had come
back to the shack for a final
taunt, and to make sure that his
victims hadn’t freed themselves.

  He had timed the fuse by his
watch, knew how long it would burn
almost to the second, and so be-
lieved himself to be taking no risks
when he left his men to return to
the shack alone.

  But it was different now!

  Clarkson’s greenish eyes went
wide with amazement when he saw
what was taking place, and his
hands slid toward his six-guns.
102

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Johnny Forty-five, however, had
been through too much to lose the
game so easily now.

  Ducking low to the floor, he
hurled the heavy fragment of the
glass bottle at the brand blotter’s
head, at the same time leaping for-
ward.

  Smash! The whizzing missile
struck Clarkson on top of the head,
staggering him and breaking to bits.

  Before he could recover himself
or bring his guns into play, Johnny
Forty-five was upon him like a wild
cat!

   “Come on, yuh thievin’ cutthroat!

        A fight I can’t resist,

   Yore face is good for just one thing—

       A place to put my fist!”

  Thump! Johnny lashed out at
Clarkson’s jaw, knocking his head
against the wall.

  Clarkson had reeled into the
shack now, and was trying desper-
ately to jerk his six-guns from their
holsters. Johnny had already closed
one eye, and the rustler’s cheek was
bruised. The deputy was nailing,
him with showers of rights and lefts.

  “Johnny! For the love o’-”

Krumm’s voice screamed.

  The fuse was still sputtering, and
only inches of it now remained!

  Clarkson, too, became aware of
the peril he was in. He tried to
jump backward through the door
and escape from the shack. His
one thought now was to get as far
away as possible before the explo-
sion came.

  But Johnny Forty-five had him
by both arms now, and had other
ideas about it!

  “Let go!” squalled Clarkson in a
frenzy of fear. “The dynamite!
Let me go, blast yuh!”

  Krumm, whose legs were still
tied, had managed to get to his feet
and was hopping toward the door.

  “I’ll have those guns first, Clark-
son!” snapped Johnny.

  The rustler was far too frightened
now to make any resistance, and the
young deputy wrenched them free.
As he did so, he sent Clarkson
sprawling outside with a straight-
arm job to the chin. Then he
turned to help Krumm.

  Zz-zzzz-z-zzz! The fuse was hiss-
ing down to the last inch!

  Krumm squeaked like a fright-
ened rabbit as Johnny picked him
up bodily and ran with him!

  Clarkson, too, had scrambled to
his feet and was running for his life.
Then the explosion came!

  The force of it knocked all three
men to the ground, although they
were eighty yards from the shack.
There was a terrific gust of wind,
and the air seemed full of dust and
flying objects. The ground shook,
and there was a brilliant red flash.
The noise of it roared in their ears
for minutes afterward.

  “Well, Clarkson, get up!” Johnny
sang out when he could find the
breath to speak, “yo’re under ar-
rest!”

  Clarkson’s bruised face twisted
into a grimace of fear. Johnny had
him covered with the rustler’s own
guns.

  “D-d-don’t shoot!” he pleaded.

  “Hold him, Krumm. I’m goin’
to have my hands full in a minute,”
Johnny ordered. “Here come the
rest o’ the gang!”

  Sure enough, five riders were
sweeping through the trees at the
lower end of the little valley. Hear-
ing the explosion, and wondering
what had become of their leader,
they had hurried back to see.

  Johnny let them get within a
hundred yards before letting them
know how matters stood. Then his
guns barked sharply, and two of
the oncoming horsemen went turn-
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

103

bling from their saddles, each with
a punctured shoulder.

  The young deputy’s voice rang
out over the gunfire:

  “Yuh’ve had yore way just long enough,
    It’s time to pay the bill.

  Stick ’em up, yuh buzzards,

     Or I will shoot to kill.”

  The gang was dazed and bewil-
dered at this turn of affairs, but
the rustlers still had a lot to learn.
With the mistaken idea that they
could turn the tide of battle, they
came charging in!

  With bullets kicking up the
ground all about him, Johnny coolly
made good his word, drilling the
foremost desperado through the
body. With a wild cry the outlaw
slid from his horse, lifeless.

  That was hint enough. The rest
surrendered.

  “And now, George,” chuckled
Johnny, “it becomes yore painful
duty to decorate these jaspers with
their own lariats. Tie ’em up good.”

  Krumm had recovered his usual
bravado. With a broad smile on
his face, he went to work at truss-
ing up the prisoners, while Johnny
kept them covered with a pair of
six-guns that still smoked a little.

  It was a crestfallen bunch of
brand blotters who left a few min-
utes later in the custody of two
U. S. marshals. They still hadn’t
recovered from their amazement,
and Clarkson was swearing softly
and steadily under his breath.

  “We shore done the job up right,
didn’t we, Johnny?” Krumm ex-
ulted. “I’ll see thet yuh get some
o’ the credit fer this capture. O’
course, it was my brains thet
planned it all out, but I’ll admit
yuh done fine.”

  “Krumm, yuh plumb overwhelm
me,” sighed > Johnny.

  “I reckon we’d better take these

jaspers right to the army camp,
hadn’t we?” exclaimed Krumm with
enthusiasm.

  Johnny rolled a cigarette and
tossed it over his shoulder absent-
mindedly.

  “I was just thinkin’, Krumm, that
we’d better cut across country,
straight west.”

  “But what fer?” the fat deputy
demanded.

  “Uncle Sam, yuh know, craves
the company of a certain Senor
Kelso,” Johnny drawled. “The gov-
er’ment wants to confer a great
honor on him—present him with
free board and lodgin’ the rest of
his life, if any.”

  Krumm’s spirits sank. “Hadn’t
we better leave well enough alone?”
he quavered. “He’s got several

gunmen, and-”

  “Yore part of it will be to take
charge o’ the prisoners—I’ll try and
add to ’em.” Johnny Forty-five
grinned. “I’ll ride on ahead and
see what I can do about friend
Kelso.”

  “Mebbe thet’s a better idea,” ad-
mitted George Krumm, brightening.
“These prisoners are mighty desper-
ate hombres, and it will take a
blamed good man to keep tab on
’em.”

CHAPTER X.

AT THE O BAR 8.

IT was late in the afternoon when
Johnny caught sight of the Kelso
spread, and near the supper hour.
He had left Krumm and the cap-
tives several miles behind, and now
he rode down into the basin alone.

  The ranch seemed as deserted as
it had been early that morning, but
this time he knew what to do.
Kelso and his men suspected noth-
ing, and were probably eating sup-
per.

The surprise would be the other
104

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

way around this time. Johnny took
advantage of every bit of cover, and
knowing the lay of the land now, he
approached the hacienda on its
blind side, making sure that nobody
could spy him from the windows.

  “There’ll be no trapdoors this
time,” thought Johnny Forty-five
grimly, “but I’ll bet Kelso wishes
he had one to duck through.”

  Making no noise, he dismounted
on the far side of the bunk house
and walked silently to the back door
of the ranch house.

  Scarcely breathing, he listened at
the chink in the partly opened door.
He heard men’s voices, loud laughs,
and an occasional oath.

  He heard Kelso say something he
didn’t catch, followed by more
laughter. Ail seemed to be in great
good humor, and evidently they
were congratulating themselves.
There seemed to be five or six of
them, and they were eating supper,
for Johnny heard the rattle of
knives and forks, and the jangle of
tin plates.

  “Pass them beans over yere,” said
a voice, and it was at that point
that U. S. Deputy Marshal Forty-
five kicked open the door.

  “Up with yore hands, amigos!

Don’t wait to ask me questions!

     Stick ’em high, or I will mix
       Some lead in yore digestions!”

  For a second or two the despera-
does were too stunned to move.
Johnny pulled the trigger of one gun
by way of a reminder, and the bul-
let tore into the big pan of beans
in the middle of the table. The re-
sult was effective. Every man was
showered with beans.

  “Don’t shoot, kid!” squawked one
of the desperadoes, and his hands
jerked upward.

  One by one they all followed suit.
Kelso, however, rose half from his

seat with a bellow like an enraged
bull. His hand went in the general
direction of his hip.

  Br-r-r-rang! Kelso lurched back-
ward into the far wall as if hit by
a mule. His right shoulder was
staved in, his arm crippled and dan-
gling.

“Yo’re under arrest, Senor Kelso,

  And no one will shed any tears,

   For yore brand-blottin’ days are all over,
   And I hope yuh get forty years!”

  Kelso’s face was convulsed with
fury, but he knew better than to
try to make any further resistance.
Caught completely by surprise, the

0	Bar 8 gang hadn’t fired a shot.

  “Step aside one at a time and un-
buckle yore guns,” snapped Johnny.
“The rest of yuh keep yore hands
pointed toward high noon. I’ve got
two eyes, remember, and a gun to
keep each one busy. Savvy?”

  The spread savvied completely,
and in a few minutes Johnny had
disarmed them and had marched
them out toward their own horses.

  “Now ride—and plumb slow and
gentlemanly, too,” the marshal war-
bled.

  After Johnny met Krumm a few
minutes later, Kelso and Clarkson,
with their gangs, were herded to-
gether for the last time. It would
have been hard to say which of the
two rustler chiefs was the angrier.

  “Yuh blasted bungler,” Kelso
snarled at Clarkson, “it’s yore
fault!”

  “It was yore plan, dang yuh,”
rasped Clarkson, “so shut up!”

  The little band of prisoners turned
east again, and at dusk they were
at the Crossroads Bar.

  “I’m goin’ to stop here, Johnny,”
announced Krumm with a grin.

  “Why so?”

  “That Mex gal nearly caused me
to get Mowed up, and I ain’t forgot
Johnny Forty-five and the Brand Blotters

105

it,” the fat deputy scowled. “I aim
to arrest her.”

  “Oh, I wouldn’t do that, George,”
laughed Johnny. “After all, she was
only mixed up in this because her
padre was. Let her go.”

  “No, siree!” announced. Krumm
as he dismounted. “She’s guilty,
too. And by golly, I’ll arrest her
father, too, if he’s there!”

  Krumm was gone nearly ten min-
utes, while Johnny waited patiently
with the prisoners. When Krumm
finally reappeared, he was alone.
He mounted his horse without a
word, but there was a smile on his
broad face, and he sighed deeply.

  “Didn’t yuh arrest the senorita,
George?” Johnny chuckled as they
trotted on.

  “Nope,” beamed George. “Yuh
know, she was a nice girl, after all.
I just didn’t have the heart. She
smiled at me, Johnny. And yuh
should have heard what she said—
told me I was the bravest man she’d
ever met, and thet she admired me
more than any hombre in Utah.
Ah-h-h-h-h! What a gal!”

  “And yuh didn’t arrest her father,
either?” Johnny grinned.

  “He wasn’t there, and I reckon I
wouldn’t have arrested him, any-
how, pore feller.”

  “But I’ll bet he remembers the
law every time he washes his ears,”
said Johnny solemnly. “By the
way, George, what time is it?”

  The fat deputy fumbled at his
vest, and his face went bjank.
“G-g-g-gone!” he blurted.

  “What a gal!” drawled Johnny
Forty-five.

  Twilight was deepening when
they reached the army camp and
herded their sullen prisoners toward
the headquarters building. Lights
were burning there, and they could
see the shadows of the colonel and
the major against the window

blinds. They were still walking the
floor.

  “Who’s there?” the colonel barked
as Johnny rapped softly.

  “Two deputy marshals and a
bunch o’ polecats,” sang out Johnny
Forty-five.

  In astonishment the colonel flung
the door wide. The cigar fell from
his mouth when he saw the faces
of the long string of prisoners.

  “What—what’s the meaning of
this?” gasped Colonel Shelton.

  “I think these jaspers have a con-
fession to make,” drawled Johnny.
“What do yuh say, Clarkson? How
about it, Kelso?”

  They hesitated, scowling at each
other and then at Johnny.

  “We’ll just forget all about the
dynamite deal,” Johnny reminded
them, “if yuh’ll come clean about
the rest of it. I think I can get
yuh off with twenty years or so if
yuh do; the other way it’s hangin’.”
Kelso turned pale, and Clarkson’s
teeth chattered.

  “I’ll admit it,” Kelso blurted.
“We was stealin’ gov’ment cattle.”
“I reckon the game is up.” Clark-
son nodded.

  Colonel Shelton forgot his dignity
and almost danced a jig.

  “This is great news! Wonderful
work! But say, what about that
letter I got to-day? It was signed
by Deputy Krumm, and it said that
neither Kelso nor Clarkson was
guilty, and that you’d both left the
country.”

  “Yuh’ll have to ask George about
that, colonel,” chuckled Johnny.

  The fat deputy swelled his chest
and looked important.

  “Yes, that was my idea,” he
boasted. “Yuh see, I thought that
up—and it shore worked. It threw

every one off the track, and-”

  “What a man!” sighed Johnny.
“What a man!”
Lobos In Paradise
Valley

            A “Lum Yates” Story

  By Collins Hafford

            Author of “A Landslide Fer Bar M,” etc.

JUST a single black speck in the
deep cloudless blue of the sky—
a speck that moved in gradually
narrowing circles. Just a speck like
a single blemish in an inverted bowl
of bluest crystal.

  And because it was the only mov-

ing thing in all the vast dome of
the sky, it caught the eyes of the
two slender young riders who were
heading leisurely into the foothills.

  “Thet there ol’ buzzard has done
sighted himself some supper, Lum,”
said Zeke Olroyd, turning in his sad-
dle toward Lum Yates. “Reckon
mebbe some cow critter up an’ died,
or mebbe a panther dragged it down
an’ left it lay.”

  Lum Yates shook his head slowly.
“It don’t see nothin’ daid, Zeke—
jes’ somethin’ gettin’ ready to die.
We been watchin’ thet ol’ black
scavengeh fo’ more’n an houah, an’
he ain’t much nearer the groun’
than he was.”

  “Yo’re right, Lum,” answered
Zeke admiringly. “I’d never no-
ticed thet in a year. Wonder what
it is. I don’t like buzzards. They
always make shivers run up an’
down my back.”

  Lum Yates grinned slowly, a
twinkle in his dark eyes. He swung
one long leg over the saddle horn as
he turned toward Zeke.

  “Yo’re kind o’ superstitious, ain’t
yo’, Zeke? Buzzards mean death,
to yore way of thinkin’.” Then the
smile faded from the slender, boyish
face. “An’ I don’t know but what

yo’re-” The slow words stopped

short.

  Crack! Faint but unmistakable
came the sound of a rifle shot.

  It could be nothing else! It came
Lobos In Paradise Valley

107

from a half mile ahead, up in the
more rugged hills.

  Then, as startling as the wicked
sound that had just come to them,
was the strange sight that met their
eyes. For the circling buzzard far
above them flapped its great wings
desperately—then plunged like a
plummet to the earth.

  Zeke looked at Lum with wide,
questioning eyes. Lum stared back
through narrowed lids. As if by an
invisible hand, the carefree, boyish
look had been wiped suddenly from
Lum’s face.

  His long leg swung down from
around the saddle horn. He gath-
ered up the reins in his right fist
and touched his blue outlaw horse,
Snake, with his rowels.

  “Reckon yo’ was right, Zeke.
Thet theah buzzard must have
meant death.”

  Zeke swung his runty sorrel,
Lightnin’, into the trail beside Lum.
And as they urged their mounts in
the direction from which the report
came, he asked Lum a question.

  “What d’yuh figger was the reason
for thet shot, Lum? Yuh don’t

reckon-”

  “I don’t know, son,” answered the
slim Bar M puncher tersely. “All
we’re sho’ of is thet somebody shot
thet theah buzzard. Mebbe some
waddy killed anotheh—an’ was
afeared the buzzard would call at-
tention to the dead man.”

  Back on the flat lands these events
would have meant nothing to the
two youngsters. They might have
wondered a little at them, but up
here in the foothills it was different.

  Four days ago, the two Bar M
cowpokes had started for Paradise
Valley, the small, thickly grassed,
well-watered valley that Sandy Mc-
Clure owned. It was well up in the
high country where the men were
as rugged and wild as the hills.

  And now, only a scant half day’s
ride from Paradise Valley, they were
alert for any unusual happening.
For it had been rumors of trouble
that drifted down from the hills that
caused the old ranchman to send
his two young riders up into the
tumbled mountains.

  The rumors had not been definite
—just that everything was not right
in Paradise Valley. And as Sandy
had left two men to take care of the
little herd that was to go through
the winter there, he thought it best
to investigate.

  “I’m sendin’ yuh an’ Zeke,” the
old rancher had told Lum. “I’m
sendin’ yuh because yore eyes are
keen an’ yuh got somethin’ in yore
heads besides bone. Mebbe there
ain’t nothin’ to it—an’ mebbe there
is. All I want yuh to do is to look
aroun’. Keep yore eyes open an’
yore fists away from yore guns.”
For four days, there had been no
hint of anything unusual. In fact,
for the last two days, they had not
seen a single person on the trail.
Then had come the startling report
of a rifle and the tumbling buzzard.

  “Yuh don’t reckon it’s Danny
Moore or Billy Adair, do yuh,
Lum?” asked Zeke, as they sped
toward the sound of the shot.

  “I ain’t even guessin’, Zeke.
We’ll know soon enough.”

  Soon they raced up an abrupt
slope. They were nearing the place;
in fact, it should be in sight from
the crest of this slope. Lum pulled
his blue outlaw horse to a halt, and
Zeke drew down beside him.

  “Yo’ stay heah with the hosses,
Zeke,” ordered Lum crisply. “I’m
agoin’ to slip up to the top an’ look
aroun’. Ain’t no use of runnin’ inter
somethin’ blind.”

  He passed his reins to Zeke and
swung from his saddle. Swiftly, but
with great caution, he made his way
108

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

the remaining fifty yards to the
ridge.

  Here he flattened to the rocky
ground and thrust his head cau-
tiously above the sharp crest. For
a long five minutes, he lay motion-
less, peering down into the valley
beyond.

  There was no hint of movement,
no sign of the shooter. Perhaps the
distance was deceptive. Sound car-
ries far in the thin air of the high
country. Perhaps the sound of the
report had come from beyond the
next and higher ridge.

  He doubled his long legs beneath
him to rise. Then he flattened sud-
denly again. His eyes narrowed, and
a gasp hissed from his throat.

  For a man had crawled from be-
hind a clump of scrub juniper—
crawled slowly and laboriously. The
distance was a full hundred yards,
but even that far away, Lum could
tell that the man was badly hurt.

  For another motionless three min-
utes, Lum kept his gaze on the
crawling form. He noted one leg
dragging as if it were broken and
useless; he thought he could make
out splotches of dried crimson on
the white face.

  Then his eyes returned puzzled
to the shapeless black object that
the man dragged by his left hand
as he inched out into the trail.

  “By jing! It’s-” Lum slipped

back down the slope, leaped to his
feet and raced toward Zeke.

  Without pausing to explain, he
swung into his saddle and touched
Snake with dulled rowels. Wide-
eyed, Zeke followed. Up over the
ridge and down the other side they
raced.

  Then Lum pulled to a sliding halt
beside the prone form on the
ground. The man was motionless
now, face down upon the rocky trail.
As Lum swung from his mount, he

took in the sharp-etched details
swiftly. He noted the torn clothing,
the battered head, the twisted leg.

  Then his gaze shot to the black
object. It was as he had thought
—a dead buzzard. Probably the
very one they had seen drop.

  “He looks like he’s daid, Zeke.
Help me! We’ll turn him oveh.”
Lum’s voice was filled with excite-
ment.

  Together, the two slim punchers
rolled the prone body over. When
the haggard face was upturned to
the sky, Zeke leaped to his feet, a
gasp coming from his throat.

  “It’s—it’s Billy Adair, Lum! Billy
—an’ he’s-”

  But Lum, still squatting beside
the twisted form, leaned closer. “He
ain’t daid, Zeke! His chest is risin’
an’ failin’. Hand me down yore
canteen.”

II.

 With the big bandanna from
about his throat, Lum bathed the
pain-twisted face tenderly. Then he
forced a little water between the
clenched teeth.

  With agonizing slowness, the
man’s eyes opened. There was a
wild light in them—a light almost
of insanity. And the first words
that came from the dry lips were
meaningless.

  “Billy! Billy Adair!” Lum spoke
slowly and distinctly into the man’s
ear. “Billy, it’s Lum an’ Zeke.
Yo’re hurted, Billy, but we’ll bring
yo’ out of it.”

  Now the twisted lips writhed, and
a mirthless smile split the battered
face.

 “Blast yuh! I got yuh! Yuh
won’t circle aroun’ up in the sky,
waitin’ fer me to croak! Yuh didn’t
think I could shoot, huh? Figgered
I was nigh dead!” A wild laugh
came from the heaving chest.
Lobos In Paradise Valley

109

  Lum looked at Zeke. Zeke re-
turned the stare. Then Lum spoke
in an awed voice:

  “It was Billy shot thet theah buz-
zard, Zeke. Thet’s once a buzzard
misjudged.”

  Now he rose to his feet and looked
about him. Down to the right about
fifty yards ran a turbulent little
mountain stream. It was well hid-
den from the trail by the thick
brush. Only its sound told of its
presence.

  “We got to get him away from the
trail, Zeke,” said Lum. “An’ we got
to get out o’ sight ourselves. Maybe
some one is follerin’—some one thet
plans on finishin’ the job. Yo’ take
his laigs an’ I’ll take his haid. We’ll
carry him daown to thet crick.”
When the two young punchers
had forced their way through the
brush with their helpless burden and
laid it tenderly on the lush grass be-
side the ice-cold stream, Lum
turned to Zeke.

  “Yo’ take ouah hosses, Zeke.
Lead ’em out o’ sight of the trail.
I’ll try to bring Billy to his senses.”
But Zeke was back beside his
companion, before Billy Adair
opened his eyes again. And now
Lum heaved a sigh of relief. For
the mad light had gone. Only a
pain-stricken, weary look shone
from Billy’s red-rimmed eyes.

  “Are yo’—are yo’ feelin’ betteh,
Billy? Can yo’ talk?”

  “Water! Give me water!” The
words croaked from Billy Adair’s
parched lips.

  After he had drained half of the
contents from Lum’s canteen, a wry
smile came to his battered face. He
attempted to rise to a sitting posi-
tion, but Lum restrained him.

  “Don’t try to sit up fo’ a while,
Billy. But ifn yo’ can talk, we’re
honin’ to heah what’s happened.”
Now a startled look spread across

Billy’s face. “Paradise Valley! How
far are we from Paradise Valley,
Lum?”

  “Six-eight miles, Billy. Why?”
“An’ it’s daytime! I must ’a’
been wanderin’ all night! But
Danny Moore’s there, if he ain’t
killed. They was after him an’ me.
I got away. Was headin’ for help.
Then I fell over the rim of a deep
draw. Don’t remember no more.”
“Afteh yo’? Who, Billy, who?”
Lum’s voice was tense with excite-
ment.

  “Four gun-totin’ hombres. Don’t
know who they was—except thet
they come a-shootin’. Seemed to be
killin’ mad, because we was in Para-
dise Valley. We holed up in the
cabin until night. Stood ’em off!
An’ when dark come, we tried to run
for it.”

  “An’ yo’ got separated from
Danny?” queried Lum swiftly.

  “Danny didn’t make it. They
come a-tearin’ in, an’ he jumped
back inter the cabin. I heard the
bar of the door drop behind him.”
“Then mebbe he stood ’em off,
Billy. Mebbe he’s still safe. But
we ain’t got no time to lose.”

  Once more, Billy Adair tried to
sit up, but he was still too weak.
He groaned as he dropped back to
the grass.

  “Yuh better not try it, Lum!” he
grunted, his face writhing in pain.
“There’s four of ’em, an’ they’re
killers. We got to have help!”

  “No time fo’ help, Billy! Danny
is all alone, an’ he’s needin’ us. Yo’
stay heah! Yo’re safe, an’ we’ll leave
yo’ grub an’ wateh. We’ll be back
afteh yo’ in two-three days at the
longest.”

  Now he bent over Billy, and his
swift fingers examined the useless
leg. A sigh of relief came from his
chest as he straightened.

  “Yore laig ain’t broke, Billy—jes’
110

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

sprained. An’ yo’re pretty bad
bruised. But yo’ll be all right afore
long.”

  Lum turned toward Zeke. For a
moment, his eyes looked squarely
into his partner’s.

  “Yo’ ain’t afeard to haid inter
Paradise Valley with me, Zeke?” he
asked.

  The gangly puncher shook his
head. “I ain’t afeard, Lum. I’ll
foller, wherever yuh lead.”

  “My rifle, Lum,” Billy Adair put
in. “I started with it. Mebbe it’s
layin’ aroun’ somewhere. I’d feel a
heap safer with it dost!”

  “By jing! Yo’re right, Billy! An’
yo* sho’ know how to use thet rifle
gun, even ifn yo’ are battered up.
Ain’t many waddies could bring
daown a flyin’ buzzard!”

 “Huh? Buzzard?” There was
wonder and unbelief in Billy’s voice.

  “Yo’ hunt fo’ thet rifle, Zeke!”
ordered Lum.

  Then he turned to Billy. In swift,
terse words, he related the events of
the last hour. Billy listened with
wondering, wide eyes.

 But now Zeke came crashing
through the brush, a rifle over the
crook of his arm. He laid it beside
the man on the grass.

  “There it is, Billy! An’ it’s got a
cartridge in it. Reckon yuh got
more in yore pocket, too.”

  “Plenty more!” gritted Billy
Adair. ‘An’ now yuh two rannies
get goin’. But don’t take no chances
rammin’ inter them killers! Yuh
won’t do Danny no good by gettin’
yoreselves killed. An’ if my leg gets
to feelin’ better, I’ll try to hobble
along after yuh afoot.”

  “We’ll be careful, Billy. An’ yo’
stay right heah. We’ll be back afteh

y°’-”

  The sun was well past the zenith
when Lum and Zeke swung into
their saddles once more. As nearly

as they could judge, Paradise Valley
was six or eight miles away, over
the most twisted, rocky trail they
had yet traveled.

  It would be dusk by the time they
reached the rim of the valley, if
they traveled at the best speed their
horses could make. But perhaps
that was best, after all.

  If Billy was right—if four lead-
slinging gunmen were down there in
the valley—it would mean sure
death to go charging down in the
light of day.

  And if Danny Moore had held
them off this long, darkness would
be a help. If he had not—if he was
dead or a captive—an hour or two
more would do no more damage.

  “Who d’yuh reckon them four
waddies are, Lum?” asked Zeke, as
they prodded their horses along the
trail.

  Lum shook his head. “I ain’t got
no idea, Zeke. There’s a dozen dif-
ferent kinds of bad hombres in these
heah hills. There’s rustlers an’
escaped convicts an’ killehs an’ bank
robbehs. Reckon them fo’ is plenty
bad.”

  “Probably aimin’ to hole up in
Paradise Valley for the winter, huh?
Wasn’t lookin’ for Billy an’ Danny
to be there. Wanted Paradise Val-
ley so bad thet they was willin’ to
kill a couple of innercent waddies
to get it.”

  “Thet’s my guess!” grunted Lum.

  Then they gave their whole at-
tention to the trail. It twisted
around huge boulders, climbed al-
most impossible slopes, dropped
down through steep draws, and fol-
lowed high-walled canyons.

  The sun was sinking below the
jagged ranges to the west when the
two Bar M riders arrived at last at
the foot of the abrupt ridge that
marked the eastern rim of Paradise
Valley. Beyond it lay the snug, al-
Lobos In Paradise Valley

111

most parklike valley of about a half
mile in circumference.

  The sight of this ridge, and the
winding trail that led upward
brought a flood of memories to the
two slim cowpokes—happy mem-
ories, and many not so happy. For
Paradise Valley had been the scene
of many dangerous events through
which Lum and Zeke had lived.

  “Yuh remember the first time we
was ever here, Lum? Yuh remem-
ber-”

  “No time for rememberin’, Zeke,”
grunted Lum grimly. “We got
ouah work cut out fo’ us, or I’m a
sheep-herdeh! I been doin’ a heap

of thinkin’, an-” He stopped.

  “An’ what, Lum?” asked Zeke
eagerly.

  Lum shook his head. “We’ll wait
an’ see how the lan’ lays, son. Mebbe
them hombres have gone away.
Mebbe they give it up as a bad job.”
But deep in his heart, Lum knew
that this conclusion was improbable.

  Once more, Lum urged his blue
outlaw horse ahead. But at the
very foot of the slope, he neck-
reined to the left. Zeke’s eyes went
wide at this move.

 “Where—where yuh headin’,
Lum?” he asked in puzzled wonder.
“Ain’t we goin’ inter Paradise Val-
ley?”

  “There’s mo’ ways than one,
Zeke! Don’t yo’ remembeh thet
hundred-foot cliff thet hangs square
oveh the cabin? Don’t yo’ remem-
beh how we slid daown the side of
it one time with ouah ropes?”

 “I remember. But-”

  “Ifn them hombres are in the val-
ley, there’ll be some one guardin’
the trail,” broke in Lum. “But they
won’t be lookin’ fo’ any one to come
daown the cliff.”

  For a moment, Zeke was silent.
Then the logic of Lum’s reasoning
became clear. He nodded in ad-

miration. But now a puzzled frown
broke across his face.

  “There ain’t no way back for us,
though, once we get down.”

  “We ain’t goin’ daown, feller—
I’m goin’ alone. Yo’ll be on top of
the cliff. Reckon ifn the worst
comes to the worst, I can make it
with yore help.”

 “But, Lum-”

  “It’s the only way I can figger
out, Zeke. Yo’ ain’t goin’ to be
loafin’, at thet. There’ll be work
fo’ yo’ to do.”

III.

  But not until they had circled the
valley and approached to the very
rim of the crag that overhung the
cabin did Lum make known any
more details of his plan.

  They swung from their saddles
ten feet back and slipped to the very
edge of the steep drop. Here they
squatted on the overhanging rock
and stared down into the gloom of
the valley.

  No sound came up to them—no
hint of a living creature below.

  “Do yuh reckon they’ve high-

tailed it, leavin’ Danny-” Zeke

did not finish the sentence.

  “I’m—I’m hopin’ Danny ain’t
daid, Zeke—hopin’ them killehs
have high-tailed it, an’ thet Danny
is sleepin’ peaceful daown in the
cabin!”

  But now a slash of orange light
streaked across the rocky floor of
the valley for an instant, then faded
out. Lum caught his breath in a
sharp gasp.

  “Thet was the door opened, Zeke.
Likely they’ve got the windows cov-
ered with blankets to shut the light
in. Kind o’ lookin’ fo’ some one to
jump ’em, most like. Figured Billy
got clean away.”

  He leaped to his feet and strode
to the horses. In a moment, he re-
112

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

turned, two coils of lariat rope in
his hands. Working swiftly, he
knotted them together. Then he
tied one end tightly to a thick,
gnarled tree that was four or five
feet back from the edge.

  The other end he let carefully
over the rim of the cliff. When the
last of the slack was gone, the end
of the rope trailed hardly more than
four feet above the roof of the
cabin.

 Now Lum slipped out of his
sheepskin jacket and thrust it be-
tween the rope and the sharp rock
on the rim. That would keep the
rope from sawing apart when his
weight was upon it.

  And as he worked, he gave his
final instructions to Zeke.

  “Ifn I jerk once, thet means thet
the killehs have got Danny a pris-
oner. Ifn I jerk twice, it means thet
I can’t find Danny.”

  “An’ then?” _

  For five minutes Lum talked
swiftly. Zeke listened, with a frown
of thought on his brow. At each
point, he nodded his understanding.
But there was a tense, set look on
his face, for he knew the deadly dan-
ger Lum was braving, even if every-
thing went as planned.

  There was no time to argue, how-
ever. Without another word, Lum
slipped over the rim. Carefully, to
keep from kicking loose a stone or
even a small pebble, he let himself
down the wall of rock an inch at a
time.

  To Zeke, waiting and watching
above, it seemed hours before his
hand on the rope told him that Lum
had reached the bottom. But in
reality, hardly more than three min-
utes passed before Lum’s feet
touched softly on the pine-slab roof
of the cabin.

  He hesitated for a short breath-
ing spell and to ease the strain on

his arms. And as he stood silently
on the roof, the murmur of voices
came to him through the chimney
that led up from the stone fireplace
below.

  He strained his ears, but he could
not make out the words. Swiftly
he catfooted to the edge of the roof
and let himself down to the ground
only five feet below.

  With the stealth of an Apache,
he circled the long, low cabin. He
had been right—thick blankets cov-
ered the windows. But he remem-
bered a narrow crack in the wall
toward the back on the other side.

  Like a shadow, he made for this
spot. His heart skipped a beat.
The crack was still there. Danny
and Billy had overlooked it when
they were chinking up the log cabin
for the winter.

  He placed his eye to the narrow
opening. All of the room was visible
except the corner near him. His
gaze swept across from left to right.

  He saw the rusty stove in one
corner, then the two bunks, one
above the other, the saddle pegs in
the log wall, the sturdy pine-slab
table. His eyes stopped there. For
now his gaze was riveted on four of
the most hard-bitten ruffians he had
ever looked upon.

  The man on the opposite side of
the table, facing him, was as swarthy
as a half-breed—but no half-breed
was ever so gigantic. Nor could any
breed boast such a great hooked
nose, such shaggy black brows or
such glittering, evil eyes.

  Lum shuddered at the wickedness
in that broad face. He pulled his
gaze away with an effort to the man
at the left side of the table. He
had only a profile view of this man,
but that was enough. If the big
man was evil in appearance, this
slab-sided, lantern-jawed ruffian was
as deadly as a sidewinder.

WW-7D
Lobos In Paradise Valley

113

  His pasty face, stubble-bearded
and gaunt, was shadowed by a great
shock of grizzled-red hair. The an-
gular head was set forward on a long
neck like the head of a buzzard.
Gnarled, hairy hands rested on the
table.

  The man on the right side of the
table was short and squat, with
hardly any neck at all. His round
head appeared almost hairless, but
as shiny as if it were greased. And
an oily grin twisted the thick, cruel
lips.

  Only the back of the fourth man
was visible. But the wide shoulders,
the hunched-forward head on a thick
neck, the ears which thrust out like
the wings of a bat gave him an evil
appearance.

  Lum pulled his gaze away and ex-
amined the rest of the room—all
but the corner which he could not
see. He was looking for another
man—Danny. But the Bar M
puncher was nowhere in sight.

  “Probably killed him, or he’s man-
aged to get away,” was the thought
that flicked through Lum’s mind.

  For another moment, he stood at
the crack in the wall. Then he
straightened to slip away. But he
stiffened suddenly, and placed his
ear at the narrow opening. For now
the swarthy man was speaking:

  “I’m tellin’ yuh, Haggard, we’d
ought ter wipe out thet ranny! The
other one got away, an’ he’ll be
cornin’ back with help. We don’t
want no tied-up hombre around as
evidence thet we jumped this here
shack. We want to be able to say
we ain’t seen nothin’ of nobody—
thet we jest got here!”

  The lantern-jawed man snarled
his answer. And Lum shivered at
the wickedness in that voice:

  “I’m runnin’ this show, Porky!
An’ I’m tellin’ yuh thet we ain’t
goin’ to do no killin’ unless we have
WW-8D

to! I ain’t hankerin’ to be sent back
to the big house for murder. It’d
have been all right to kill ’em if we
could have got ’em both at once.”
“Yuh’ll be sent back, anyway, if
yo’re catched,” rasped the big man
called “Porky.” “The minute they
take yuh, some one’ll recognize thet

yo’re Haggard, who-”

  “Never mind what I did!” rasped
Haggard. “I ain’t no worse off than
the rest of yuh. We all escaped to-
gether—an’ we’re stickin’ together.
An’ I’m boss! Don’t forget thet!”
Now the man whose back was
toward Lum spoke in a harsh, raspy
voice:

  “Look at thet hombre, Porky!
He’s a-layin’ there, takin’ all this
talk in. If we don’t wipe him out,
he’ll spill the whole works. Then
we will be in for it.”

  Lum drew a sharp breath at these
words. They must be talking of
Danny, and the squat man had said
that he was lying there. There?
He must have meant in the corner
that was beyond Lum’s range of
vision.

  Danny was safe, for a moment.
Of that much the slim puncher was
sure now. But there was no telling
how soon the arguments of the three
would outweigh Haggard’s stubborn
orders. There was little time to
waste, if Lum could read men.

  With the speed and stealth of a
panther, he stole back into the dark-
ness and circled the house. Be-
neath the roof at the spot he had
descended, he swept the ground with
his fingers and gathered up five or
six rocks about the size of his two
fists.

  These he laid softly on the roof.
Now he scrambled up himself and
stole to the downhanging rope. He
clutched it. He could feel the twitch
of Zeke’s fingers on it above on the
rim of the cliff.
114

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Now Lum gave a single sharp
jerk—the signal that Danny was a
captive of the killers. Zeke jerked
his answer. Lum turned and sped
back to where he had laid the rocks.
He gathered them up in his arms
and catfooted to the front of the
roof where it" overhung the door.

  Here he squatted, every sense
alert. Nor did he have to delay
long.

  Crash! Fifty yards along the wall
of the cliff, a great rock had hurtled
down from above.

  Silence followed, for ten seconds.
Then Lum could hear the thump of
booted feet below him. He grasped
a rock in his right hand and waited.

  Crash! Another rock came down
from the rim and shattered on the
floor of the valley!

  Now the door of the cabin swung
open, sending a long slash of orange
light across the boulder-strewn
ground.

 “What is it, Haggard?” Lum
recognized the voice of the swarthy
ruffian.

  “Probably some wanderin’ critter
knocked down a rock from the rim!”
came the rasping answer. “Nothin’
to get steamed up about. Yuh ran-
nies are gettin’ as trembly as a
schoolmarm.”

  But at that instant, still another
rock crashed to the ground just out-
side the slash of light. A hoarse
oath came from the swarthy out-
law.

  “I’m goin’ out there an’ see what’s
makin’ thet racket, Haggard!” he
rasped. “I’d a heap rather meet an
hombre out there than stand here in
the light, a clean target for him to
plug.”

  “Suit yoreself, Porky,” snarled the
lantern-jawed Haggard. “But I’m
tellin’ yuh yo’re gettin’ jumpy!”

  “Jumpy or not, I’m goin’ to in-
vestigate!” growled Porky.

IV.

  Lum drew back his arm as the
big outlaw stepped from the door.
His keen eyes strained in the dark-
ness as Porky slipped outside the
streak of light. Even in the gloom,
the huge shadow was visible.

  Ten feet—twenty feet—thirty
feet the burly ruffian stole into the
darkness. Lum’s long arm swung
with all his force. A silent messen-
ger of destruction, the rock in his
hand hurtled toward Porky.

  Crack! The sound was followed
by a hoarse shriek of pain.

  “Haggard! It’s got me! My back’s
broke! I can’t move!” The man’s
yell was wild and shrill.

  “Yuh, thar, Brummer—hustle out
there an’ drag him in!” rasped Hag-
gard, a note of excitement in his
voice. “I tol’ the blasted idiot to
stay in the cabin!”

  “But, boss, they’ll get me, too!”
Fear was plain in the round-headed
outlaw’s voice.

  “They? Who are they? I’m tellin’
yuh thet them rocks failin’ is just
an accident. Get out there an’ drag
Porky in!”	!

 “Why don’t-”

  “Git—unless yuh want a slug in
yore ribs!” rasped the leader.

  Slowly, cautiously, the hairless
man slipped from the door. Hunched
low, his long arms swinging almost
to the ground, he made a much
smaller target than Porky.

  And Lum’s first rock missed him
by inches, crashing into the ground
ten feet in front of the outlaw. With
a hoarse scream of fright, Brummer
whirled and raced back.

  But already another fist-sized
rock was hurtling toward him, and
it caught him squarely on the bridge
of the nose. He collapsed with a
gurgling grunt on the rocks just in-
side the slash of light.
Lobos In Paradise Valley

115

  “Thet wasn’t no accident, Hag-
gard! There’s some one a-heavin’
rocks down from the rim. Thet
blasted hombre has brought help!”
Fear made the voice of the bat-
eared man high and shrill.

  “Thet rock didn’t come from
above!” rasped Haggard, now thor-
oughly aroused to the danger.
“There’s somebody down here in the
valley—some one without no guns,
or he wouldn’t be flingin’ rocks.
We’ll get him!”

  The door slammed shut, wiping
out the streak of light. Lum drew
back from the edge of the roof. Be-
low, the pound of booted feet came
clearly. The two remaining men
were racing toward the back door.
Above them Lum kept pace. And
when the door jerked open, he was
directly above.

  But this time, both remaining out-
laws leaped out into the darkness,
as if propelled by a catapult. Lum
lifted his arm to heave another rock,
but realized in time that it would
be useless—that it would only serve
to give his position away.

  The lantern-jawed leader faded
into the gloom, but Lum caught the
faint shadow as the man rounded a
boulder to the right. The bat-eared
man rounded the house to the left.

  Lum hesitated only an instant.
Then he turned and sped across the
roof in the direction taken by the
bat-eared ruffian. As he reached
the edge of the roof, he could hear
the pound of booted feet out in the
rocks.

  Like a cat, Lum dropped to the
ground, his arms still filled with the
rocks. Silent as a shadow, he
stalked the outlaw. It was easy,
for the frightened man made no at-
tempt at silence.

  Now Lum was only ten feet be-
hind the ruffian. His right hand held
a jagged rock ready. For a second,

the outlaw stopped. Lum could
hear his heaving breath—could see
the shadowy outline against the gray
of the sky.

  Back went the sinewy arm. It
snapped forward. With a whistling
sound, the rock hurtled straight for
its mark. There was a crunch as
it struck, then a grunt. The shadow
seemed to melt into the ground.

  Three times, Lum’s aim had been
true. Not wasted had been the
hundreds of times he had hurled
rocks for fun back in the Ozarks,
when ammunition had been hard to
get. Now he turned and raced for
the back door of the cabin. Some-
how he realized that stalking the
lantern-jawed leader would be a
harder job! The ruffian, Haggard,
impressed him as a cunning scoun-
drel whom it would be hard to trick!

  Better free Danny Moore, while
there was time. Better tackle the
leader, when there was help to back
him up. He could still hear an oc-
casional sound out in the rocks that
told him Haggard still searched for
the mysterious enemy. He hoped
that the leader would not give up
too soon.

  He breathed a sharp sigh of re-
lief, when he reached the door
safely. He opened it a crack. The
light shone into the back room only
dimly—not enough to catch the eye
of Haggard when the door opened
enough to admit Lum.

  The slim puncher slipped inside
and closed the door softly behind
him. Now he sped for the front
room. Inside, he blinked twice to
accustom his eyes to the light of the
oil lamp.

  Then his gaze swept to the cor-
ner. It caught the bound form on
the floor. Two long strides took him
to Danny Moore’s side.

  “Quiet, Danny!” he breathed as
he stooped over the Bar M puncher.
116

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

“Haggard is left, an’ he’ll be cornin’
back mighty soon. We’ve got to be
quick—an’ quiet!”

  With his long-bladed barlow
knife, Lum slashed the ropes that
bound Danny. Then he lifted the
stiffened puncher to his feet.

  “Rub yore wrists an’ ankles,
Danny! Yo’ got to be in shape to
run in a hurry. We ain’t got no
time to waste.”

  Wordlessly Danny Moore obeyed.
But hardly had he rubbed the cir-
culation back to one ankle, when
the crunch of a booted foot on the
gravel outside warned them that
Haggard was returning!

  “Lie daown theah, quick!” or-
dered Lum. “Act like yo’re still tied
up. Drape them ropes oveh yo’.
But be ready to help when I call!”
Lum’s every muscle and nerve
was tensed as he leaped for the door
that led into the kitchen. And flat-
tened beside it, he waited. He
flicked a glance at Danny Moore,
and saw that the puncher was once
more flat upon the floor—and that
the ropes gave the appearance of
bonds.

  The back door jerked open, and
footsteps sounded on the wooden
floor. “I didn’t find no one, Link!
Mebbe we was mistaken, after all.
Yuh better hustle out an’ drag in
Porky an’ Brummer!”

  Apparently the lantern-jawed
leader supposed that the bat-eared
man had returned. Perhaps he had
even noted the flick of dim light as
the back door had opened to admit
Lum.

 But the slim Bar M puncher
stood silently beside the door. Then
it swung open to admit the lantern-
jawed Haggard. Lum could have
touched the man by stretching out
his arm to half its reach.

  But flattened against the wall as
he was, Haggard did not see him.

The outlaw’s gaze swept the room
from Danny Moore to the front
door!

  “Huh!” he grunted, perplexed.

  He took a single step forward.

  And at that instant, Lum leaped.
His hand, which still held a rock,
went high, then crashed down. But
some sixth sense must have warned
Haggard. For the ruffian whirled
and dodged. The rock grazed the
man’s ear, half dazing him!

  With a snarling oath, the man’s
hand streaked for his holster. But
Lum’s long leg shot out and caught
the wrist with a crunching, bone-
smashing kick!

  Now the slender puncher hurtled
into the lantern-jawed man like the
blow of a battering-ram. Both went
down with a crash. But Lum was
on top. His sinewy hands searched
for the ruffian’s throat.

  But Haggard was fighting for his
life—fighting like a snarling, snap-
ping wolf. The man’s teeth caught
Lum’s wrist—chewed and ground
upon it. Lum’s left fist shot out and
caught the long jaw.

  The teeth loosed, and the man’s
head snapped back to the floor.
Once more, Lum groped for the
killer’s throat, and this time, he
found it.

  Danny was now on his feet and
circling the twisting, writhing men
on the floor. He yelled encourage-
ment to Lum, but Lum scarcely
heard him. He was too intent upon
the business at hand.

  Gradually Haggard relaxed. His
face was purpling, and his eyes were
wide and staring. His breath came
in great tortured gasps.

  At last Lum loosed his hold for
an instant. Haggard lay quiet.
Lum got slowly to his feet. And
now the reaction came. His knees
weak and trembling, he slumped
into a chair.
Lobos In Paradise Valley

117

  “Go—go out an’ yell to Zeke,
Danny,” he said breathlessly. “Tell
him to come daown.”

  “Huh?” gasped Danny Moore.
“He’s up on the cliff. Tell him
to slide daown the rope, feller. Tell
him it’s all oveh.”

  Danny Moore whirled to obey.
And when he returned a few mo-
ments later, Lum had recovered his
breath and strength.

  “We betteh get them otheh three
hombres tied up, Danny. They
may be cornin’ to most any time.”
Swiftly he related to the Bar M
puncher the events of the last few
tense minutes.

  Porky lay on the ground, still
writhing from the effects of the
crashing stone in the small of his
back. But after he was safely
bound, Lum examined him and
found no broken bones.

  Brummer had escaped with less
permanent hurt, but the rock, as it
struck the back of his head, had put
him to sleep for several hours. The
third man’s face would never look
the same, for the rock had broken
his nose and cut a great gash in his
face. He, too, wa’s still unconscious.

  When the task of binding the four
ruffians was finished, Lum turned a
questioning gaze to Danny. “Tell
us what happened, an’ who they are,
Danny!”

  “Four hombres thet escaped from
prison, Lum—from what I could tell
from their talk. Seems like Hag-
gard knew about Paradise Valley,
an’ planned to hole up here durin’
the winter. A ramblin’ puncher told
us, a week ago, thet they was loose
an’ warned us they might be headin’
this way!”

  “Reckon thet’s how the word
sifted down to the Bar M, only we
didn’t find out anything except thet
things wasn’t right here at Paradise
Valley!” said Lum.

  “They jumped me an’ Billy,” con-
tinued Danny. “Billy got loose.
Reckon he’s headin’ for the Bar M
right now. But me, I couldn’t make
it, an’ they ketched me. Reckon
they’d have killed me, if yuh hadn’t
come, Lum.”

  “We found Billy,” said Lum.
“He’s waitin’ fo’ us to come afteh
him. Kind o’ bruised up an’ sore,
Billy was.”

 Then Lum turned to Zeke.
“Reckon we’ll be haidin’ back, come
mawnin’, son! But we’ll have to
circle some an’ take this heah pack
of lobos to the sheriff at Lamey!”
“I’d shore like to be goin’ along;
so’s I could tell Sandy McClure jest
how yuh slicked these here skunks,”
said Danny. “But me, I got to stay
here an’ ride herd on them cow crit-
ters.”

  Lum grinned slowly. “I’m kind
o’ glad yo’ cain’t go, Danny. Yo’ or
Billy, eitheh. Fo’ ifn Sandy Mc-
Clure ever heerd what happened,
he’d neveh let me an’ Zeke out o’
his sight again! He tol’ us to keep
out o’ trouble, an’ heah we rammed
right square inter a great big bunch
of it.”

  It sure was unlucky fer those escaped
convicts thet Lum Yates an’ Zeke were
the two waddies thet ol’ Sandy McClure
picked ter find out what was wrong in
Paradise Valley. An’ though he told ’em
ter keep out o’ trouble, we reckon he
knowed thet if they couldn’t, they’d shore
be able ter git themselves out of it ag'in.
It’s a habit they’ve got. Watch fer the
next story about ’em in Street & Smith’s
Wild West Weekly soon.

TO

tbaro
Shorty Masters, M. D*

By Allan R» Bosworth

Author of “Pull Yore Freight!” etc.

FREIGHT bells sent a trium-
phant jingle through the main
street of Tarantula. A sawed-
off youth, so bow-legged that it
looked as if he had been born on a
horse, looked up from the sign which
he had just painted, and frowned.
The sign read:

Shorty Masters, M. D.

  “Shorty’s” freight outfit was in
the corral that he had built back of
the shack which was to be his trans-
portation headquarters in the little
Texas cow town. His six mules
were munching oats.

  The sign painting had delayed
Shorty’s start for Stockton. Jake

Carter, rival freighter, had stolen a
march on him.

  Carter’s covered wagons clattered
near and the burly, dirty man
astride the off-wheel horse spat to-
bacco juice through a tangle of
beard and grinned at Shorty.

  “Got the drop on yuh again,
Masters!” he shouted. “I’ll be
loaded and on my way back, afore
yuh git started. Them mules is
slower’n Christmas molasses!”

  “Roll along!” growled Shorty.
“And keep out o’ my way!”

  Carter twisted in his saddle and
patted the .45 strapped to his waist.

  “Don’t try ter pass me!” he
warned. “If yuh do, there’ll be lead
Shorty Masters, M. D.

119

flyin’, and some dead mules lyin’ in
the trail fer buzzard bait. I don’t
eat nobody’s dust!”

  “Shut up!” Shorty yelled. “I bet
yuh didn’t take time to feed yore
team. I wouldn’t treat my mules
that a way. They can outpull yore
nags on the hills.”

  Carter’s answer died in the dis-
tance behind a cloud of choking
dust. The Pecos country was
parched by drought, and Tarantula’s
rival freight outfits were busy haul-
ing hay and cottonseed cake for
ranchers to feed starving cattle.
Jake Carter would beat Shorty to
Stockton—the rail point—and seize
the choicest load.

  “Hope he runs off into the canyon
at Devil’s Drop,” Shorty muttered.
“Mules is like armies— they travel
on their stomachs. I reckon the
Sextet will forgive me fer crowdin’
’em later, if I let ’em eat now.”

  He glanced affectionately toward
the rear of the shack, as he nailed
his new sign in place. Because
Shorty had a fondness for classical
music, and because the mules were
the offspring of a mare named Lucy,
he called his outfit the “Sextet from
Lucia” and gave each animal the
name of a famous composer.

  There were Mendelssohn, Tschai-
kowsky, Rubinstein, Beethoven,
Mozart, and Chopin—all con-
tentedly eating, and switching away
the flies in the early-morning sun.

 “Anyway,” Shorty muttered,
“this sign will bring us more busi-
ness. And we’ll show Carter
whether hosses is better’n mules.”
He stepped into the street and
stood with hands on hips, proudly
looking at his work. The sign added
a professional touch.

  A clatter of hoofs startled him.
He whirled to see a light wagon ca-
reen along the street and lurch to a
stop in front of his place. Two

horses stood drooping in their tracks,
heaving and tired. A woman sprang
to the ground and dashed up the
rickety steps to Shorty’s office.

  The little freighter stepped up, re-
moving his battered Stetson.

 “Mornin’, ma’am!” he said.
“Could I do somethin’ fer yuh?”
She turned to face him, and he
saw she was pale and weary, with
little streaks of dust along her
cheeks that told of tears. She
pushed her sunbonnet back with
thin, nervous hands. Shorty heard
a gasping cry from the wagon.

  “The doctor!” said the woman.
“My baby’s sick. I’m afraid—
afraid it’s diphtheria!”

  Her voice broke over the last.
Shorty paled a$jd twisted his hat in
his hands.

  “There ain’t any doctor in Taran-
tula, ma’am!” he stammered. “Yuh
see, that M. D. on my sign stands
fer Mule Driver. I thought I was

doin’ somethin’ smart, but-”

  Another strangled wail came from
the wagon. The mother turned back
down the steps, her drawn face a
little whiter.

  “Oh!” she gasped. “No doctor!
Poor little Bobby! What on earth
can I do?”

  Shorty thought with desperate
swiftness. The nearest doctor was
at Stockton—twenty miles away—
an all-day trip for his mules. Horses
could make it more quickly, but the
woman’s team was spent, and the
little freighter knew of no other team
available. It was up to him and the
Sextet from Lucia!

  “We was goin’ ter Stockton,
ma’am! Turn yore hosses inter the
corral, and I’ll hitch the mules. My
wagons are empty, and I reckon we
can put on some extry speed. My
name’s Shorty Masters.”

  “I’m Mrs. Wilson—Mrs. Bob Wil-
son,” said the woman. “We’ve got
120

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

a little ranch down, on Howard draw.
My husband is away with some beef
steers. Little Bobby took sick, two
days ago.”

  “Well, it’s goin’ ter be all right,
ma’am! Me and my mules will git
the baby ter Stockton pronto. Yuh
can climb inter the first wagon with
the baby. Hey, Chopin! Mozart!
Look lively, yuh long-eared, over-
grown jack rabbits! We got a job.”

II.

  The Sextet from Lucia swung out
of Tarantula on the run, with Shorty
Masters, M. D., considerably on the
the prod. He trotted alongside the
wheelers, cracking his twenty-five-
foot mule whip over their ears.

  The anxious woman sat nervously
on the edge of the wagon seat.
Little Bobby was just behind, made
comfortable with a roll of bedding.

  “Pull, yuh loafers!” roared Shorty.
“Dig yore feet in the sand!”

  The mules bent every ounce of
effort into their traces. Ahead of
them stretched the divide grade, a
long, winding climb. Halfway to its
top crawled a dun caterpillar, frowsy
with swirling dusty. That would be
Jake Carter, who had the drop on
Shorty with a stare for Stockton.

  Crack! The whip uncoiled its
swift length and snapped savagely
within an inch of Mozart’s head.

  The red mule ducked and doubled
its efforts.

  Carter’s outfit was slow on the
grades. It was Shorty’s chance to
gain on him. The little teamster
knew his rival would not tire out his
team in an out-and-out race, but he
would never allow Shorty to pass.
The mule driver remembered the
threat of “lead flyin’ and some dead
mules in the trail.”

  Ruts in the road were worn deep
by cutting wheels and last winter’s

rains. The chance of getting past
Carter was slim. Mesquites on the
divide would prevent Shorty from
pulling out of the road and passing
the other outfit, even if his mules
could show the required speed.

  He set his jaw grimly and tight-
ened the cartridge belt another
notch to keep the .45 from banging
against his leg. Freighting was sup-
posed to be a peaceful business, but
Shorty had never found it so.

  Fishing in his pocket, the little
teamster produced his beloved har-
monica and grinned reassuringly at
Mrs. Wilson as he broke into a stir-
ring march. They’d make it some-
how—they had to get to a doctor.

  The mules seemed to understand
that a life was at stake. They
pulled as they had never done be-
fore, and struck the lower portion of
the divide at a gallop.

  Shorty was breathless, before a
hundred yards of the climb had been
covered. He cracked the whip again,
put his harmonica away, and sprang
to the seat beside the woman.

  “Don’t yuh fret!” he told her.
“We’ll git there in two shakes of a
mule’s tail. There’s a varmint in the
road ahead of us that allows I ain’t
goin’ ter pass him, and I don’t
reckon he’d let us by, even if he
knew about the baby. But when
we git up behind him, I want yuh
to git over back of the seat with
the youngster and keep down low.
There might be some shootin’!”
“Oh!” the woman gasped. “You
mustn’t risk your life for us.”
“Shucks, ma’am!” said Shorty
Masters. “It’s kind of a game be-
tween me and Jake Carter—seein’
who can git ter Stockton first. We’ll
be on the divide by the time we
catches up with him, and I reckon I
ain’t goin’ ter eat his dust!”

  The sick child cried weakly, and
Mrs. Wilson needed no further urg-
Shorty Masters, M. D.

121

ing. She climbed over the seat and
knelt beside him on the swaying
wagon bed. Shorty breathed a sigh
of relief.

  The mules swung around a turn on
the grade, beginning to blow hard
with their exertion. Shorty saw
Jake Carter’s outfit ahead and
above. By the time they made the
top, his mules would almost have
their noses in Carter’s chuck box.

  It gave him an idea. If he could
get that close to Carter’s wagons, it
would be difficult for the burly
freighter to shoot. Carter would
have to fire back through the wag-
ons themselves, and the sheets were
drawn tight, leaving a very small
opening.

  “Giddap, mules!” ordered the
little freighter. “We’ll be hangin’ on
his tail all the way acrost the divide,
if yuh do yore best. Then when we
go down Devil’s Drop, mebbe I can
pass him.”

  Carter’s wagons veered almost
broadside to him on another turn
above. Shorty saw the bearded man,
still astride the off wheeler, lifting a
flask high. Carter was drinking, as
usual. He’d be in an ugly mood.

  The driver ahead flung the emp-
tied bottle aside with an oath.
Shorty saw his hand whip down and
then up, with the sun glinting on
blue steel. Shooting already!

  The little freighter ducked, as lead
spatted through the taut wagon
sheet just behind him. The gun
roared from the heights and set
echoes thundering.

  Shorty cast an apprehensive
glance behind him and was reas-
sured. Mrs. Wilson forced a smile
through pale lips as she huddled
over the baby, shielding him from a
possible bullet.

  Boom! Carter’s .45 again sent
lead whining over their heads.

  It was hard for the other freighter

to shoot downward without aiming
too high.

  The mules were swinging around
the turn that Carter had passed, a
moment before. Shorty heard oaths
from the half-drunken teamster
above, and a wave of hot rage surged
through the little mule driver. He
drew his own gun and turned it up
toward Jake Carter.

  Boovi! Another shot came from
the winding road above, before
Shorty had a chance to pull trigger.

  There was a clanging noise, a
shock in his gun hand, and the .45
went flying from his grasp—over the
canyon rim!

  One shot in a thousand, and Car-
ter had made it by pure luck. Now
Shorty Masters was unarmed, listen-
ing to Jake’s roaring guffaws.

  Mrs. Wilson straightened in
alarm, saw that Shorty was unhurt,
and knelt by the crying baby again.

  “That was a lucky shot fer him,”
Shorty gritted. “But I reckon
there’s other things besides guns. I
used to didn’t pack none, and I got
along. I’ll beat that hombre to
Stockton or make him go so fast he
won’t be in our way a-tall!”

III.

  Jake Carter’s outfit disappeared
over the divide rim and picked up
speed on the level stretch where the
deep-rutted road cut a straight and
narrow path through scrub mes-
quite, sachuista, and cat’s-claw.
Dust swirled behind his wagons and
settled on the backs of the Sextet
from Lucia, as they topped the rise.

  Shorty jerked the long whip into
an explosion that burst over the
leaders’ heads.

  “Lay yore bellies in the sand,
mules!” he shouted. “We jest got
started in this race. Yuh wouldn’t
let a lot of mangy, ring-boned, wind-
122

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

spavined buzzard baits beat yuh to
Stockton, would yuh?”

  Mozart strained into the traces
with a snort of disgust. Chopin
backed his black ears wickedly and
lunged across the wagon tongue to
nip at Rubinstein. The freight out-
fit took on a burst of speed.

  Shorty grinned as he licked dry,
dust-chapped lips. His mules under-
stood. Maybe they wouldn’t beat
Jake Carter to Stockton—probably
Carter would get the pick of the
freight. But they’d not be delayed,
if the outfit ahead kept up its pace.

  A third of the seven-mile level
stretch crawled by the freight wag-
ons. Little Bobby slept fitfully on
his swaying bed, and even his
mother, worn with weariness, dozed.
Shorty could hear faint shouts and
oaths from the teamster ahead.

  The sun was high and hot. They
passed Buckhorn Sink, where there
should have been water, and found
only a dry, sun-cracked mud bed,
white with alkali deposits. And then
Shorty Masters looked up to see that
Carter’s horses were lagging.

  The Sextet from Lucia, plodding
steadily ahead, cut down the dis-
tance between the two outfits. A
quarter of a mile—a fifth—three
hundred yards—a hundred yards.

  “That’s what he gits fer not feed-
in’ his team,” Shorty observed aloud.
“Thought he’d be stoppin’ fer lunch,
but with me crowdin’ him, he ain’t
had a chance. Nope, hosses ain’t
got the endurance of my mules!”
Dust swirled back from Carter’s
outfit and fell in a gray cloud over
the following wagons. Mrs. Wilson
coughed and awoke from her doze,
then the baby’s tortured, strangling
cough was heard.

  Shorty turned to the mother.
“Wet yore handkerchief in the water
keg back there, ma’am, and put it
over the little feller’s face,” he said.

“We’re crowdin’ the varmint that’s
tryin’ to hold us up, and I reckon
we’ll pass him or bust.”

  He ducked instinctively, as a gun
cracked from the wagons ahead.
The bullet whined harmlessly past.
He saw Carter’s bearded face framed
in the canvas opening just above the
chuck box that hung on the rear
wagon.

  Bang! Shorty’s Stetson whipped
off his head to fall beneath the
wheels, and be ground deep in the
dirt. The little freighter set his jaw.

  “I’ll git that hombre!” he gritted.
“Mebbe he’s got the drop on me
now, but I’ll show him!”

  A third shot roared over the di-
vide. The bullet struck the steel
tire on the left front wheel and
screamed fiendishly away into space.

  Shorty cupped his hands like a
megaphone and yelled at Carter:

  “Stop yore shootin’, Jake, and let
me by! I got a woman and a sick
baby here—takin’ ’em to the doc-
tor!”

  Carter’s drunken laugh cgme roll-
ing back over the jingle of lead bells
and the creak of harness.

  “I’ll see yuh dead, afore yuh
passes me!” he shouted. “Take
this!”

  This was another crack from his
.45. The wagon sheet above Mrs.
Wilson’s head ripped for a space of
two feet, as if slit by a knife.

  Shorty growled under his breath.
It was a good thing the lurching
wagon added to the unsteadiness of
Carter’s aim.

  The mules slowed to a walk, a
hundred yards behind the horse-
drawn outfit. Carter’s wagons were
crawling now, with no hand on the
reins. At this rate, it would be past
nightfall before they hit Stockton.

  Shorty watched in vain for an
opening in the mesquite and cat’s-
claw where he could turn out of the
Shorty Masters, M. D.

123

deep-rutted road and pass Jake Car-
ter. Scub trees, gnarled and twisted
by winter winds, grew everywhere,
drooping listlessly in the heat of
noon. Little Bobby was crying
weakly—sounded worse than he had
at any time during the morning.

  “Don’t worry, Mrs. Wilson!”
Shorty assured the mother. “I’ll git
by the coyote somehow. If I hadn’t
lost my gun-”

  He looked up to see Jake Carter
scrambling forward to his lead
wagon. Beyond were the hills that
rimmed the Lipan flats.

  They were coming to Devil’s Drop
—that dangerous descent from the
divide to the valley floor. And from
the bottom of the hill on into Stock-
ton, there wouldn’t bag* another
chance to pass Carter.

  Shorty drew a sharp breath. By
some miracle, he might be able to
squeeze his galloping mules past
Carter on the down grade. But only
a miracle could save his outfit from
crashing over the canyon rim to
death and destruction, if he allowed
the Sextet a free rein on the treach-
erous turns of Devil’s Drop.

m.

  The little freighter called up a
mental picture of the hill, where the
road doubled back on itself to lessen
the angle of descent. He heard the
screech of brakes against smooth
tires. Carter was already on the
downgrade, his lead wagon crowd-
ing the wheelers.

  An idea, born of desperation, took
shape in Shorty’s mind. Carter had
the drop on him—Carter, the
drunken ruffian who knew no pity
for a sick child or its anxious mother.
There was only one way out.

  He turned to Mrs. Wilson again,
his face a little pale under the tan,
but his voice steady and confident.

  “I wish you’d climb up on the seat
and handle these long-eared jack
rabbits fer me,” he said. “I’ll set
the brake, and all yuh got to do is
keep ’em pulled over, huggin’ the
inside wall. Chopin gits plumb
careless, tryin’ to admire the scenery
down in the canyon, and one of these
days, he’s goin’ ter make a misstep,
and the buzzards will git him!”

  The woman nodded. “Where are
you going?” she asked.

  “To git the drop on Jake Carter,”
Shorty gritted. “He’d do the same
thing fer us, if we was ahead of him
and didn’t want him ter pass. Don’t
yuh worry none, jest let the outfit
ease down grade and keep Chopin
away from the scenery.”

  They struck the first twisting de-
cline of Devil’s Drop. Shorty
grabbed the brake handle and set it
well forward, then sprang back to fill
the drip cans with water.

  There was no use burning up the
shoes that grated against the wagon
tires. Jake Carter’s sounded now
like the wail of a lost soul.

  Shorty looked ahead. Carter’s
outfit had made the first turn and
was doubling back below in a hairpin
turn. A few more minutes, and he’d
be passing just beneath the spot
where the Sextet were guardedly
coming down.

  “I’ll be waitin’ fer yuh down the
road a ways,” Shorty told the
woman. “Don’t let Chopin admire
the scenery, now.”

  He leaped lightly to the ground.
His second and third wagons rolled
by, almost brushing him over the
edge of the canyon.

 Shorty remembered one day,
when he had met the stage on Dev-
il’s Drop. The lighter vehicle had
been forced to back two hundred
yards behind terrified horses, until
it reached a wide spot and could
turn out.
124

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  “Here he comes!” the little team-
ster muttered. “I reckon if I fail,
the lady can still git ter Stockton as
quick as if I was handlin’ the
mules. She’s got spunk, that woman
has!”

  He looked down past the narrow
shelf that was the road, into the
dizzy depths of the canyon. If he
failed, he’d be bait for buzzards,
somewhere down there on the jagged
rocks.

  He drew a long breath and began
a cautious climb down the canyon
wall, clutching at bushes and out-
croppings of rock. It was fifty feet
down to where the road doubled
back beneath him. Twenty-five
feet of this was a sheer drop, blasted
away from the hillside.

  Cactus and Spanish dagger tore
at his clothing and pricked his flesh,
as if trying to hold him back. Once
he slipped and nearly fell, but he
grabbed a rough ledge with one hand
and held on, until his feet found
safety again. Then he made the
edge of the cliff and crouched in
the shelter of a cat’s-claw, waiting.

  Jake Carter’s freight outfit came
lumbering down the grade, crawling
cautiously, taking what seemed an
eternity to arrive. The burly,
bearded man swayed on the seat,
bellowing an old range song in a
tuneless basso:

“As I was out walkin’ the street of
     Laredo—

The streets of Laredo, one very fine
     day-”

  Shorty knew the rest of it—about
the young cowboy all dressed in his
grave clothes. He shuddered slightly
as the lead horses swung below him,
their bells tinkling musically.

  Now the wheelers were going by,
then Jake himself, looking broad-
shouldered and squat from above,
with a pearl-handled .45 glistening
through the rising dust cloud.

  The little mule driver gathered his
muscles. Now was the time—now,
with the taut canvas of the first
wagon just below him.

  He leaped suddenly, twisting his
body like a cat in the air, throwing
arms and legs wide. He shot down-
ward through the intervening space,
praying that he could find a hold on
the wagon sheet, praying that the
bows would break and stop his fall
and not bounce him over into the
dizzy canyon.

  Shorty struck the smooth wagon
cover with a sharp smack. The two
forward bows splintered under the
impact and sent him rolling toward
the seat—a clutching, scrambling
ball of fury. He heard a startled
yell from Jake Carter, then one
wildly grabbing hand caught the
burly driver and held.

  The big teamster twisted in his
seat to meet the attacker who had
leaped upon him like a panther.
Shorty jerked himself to his knees
and slammed a quick, short jab to
Carter’s face.

  He heard the bearded man grunt,
and then a back-handed slap from
Carter almost knocked the little
mule driver from the wagon.

  They fought silently, twisting,
raining sort, vicious blows. Carter
dropped his reins and grabbed at his
gun. Shorty seized the thick wrist
with one hand and held it desper-
ately, pounding Carter in the face
and neck, struggling to pull him back
over the wagon seat.

  The gun came out despite his sav-
age efforts to hold Jake’s arm. Car-
ter was twisting around, trying to
bring it into play, jabbing it at
Shorty’s body.

  “Yuh sawed-off runt!” snarled the
big driver. “I’ll learn yuh-”

  Screeching brakes and jingling
bells drowned the rest of his threat.
Shorty Masters, using his last des-
Shorty Masters, M. D.

125

perate ounce of strength, forced his
crooked left arm upward and hooked
it around Carter’s throat.

  He kicked out desperately for a
foothold to brace his straining body.
He found something with his right
boot, and shoved with all his might.

  The screeching ceased abruptly.
Jake Carter’s wagons leaped forward
on the steep grade, lurching, sway-
ing. The .45 spat flame and seared
Shorty’s cheek with powder, as he
clung grimly to the hairy neck.

  Carter gasped. He was trying to
choke out a warning that the reins
had dropped down over the wagon
tongue, that the brake lever had
been released by that kick from
Shorty’s boot.

  The wagons lurched down grade
with increasing speed, clattering,
crowding the wheelers. The horses
snorted with fear, setting back des-
perately against the run-away load.

  Shorty looked up to see the can-
yon wall racing by on one side. On
the other was the almost straight-
up-and-down cliff of Devil’s Drop,
with Jess than a two-foot margin of
safety.

  The little freighter half straight-
ened, twisted at Carter’s gun hand
and released his grasp to shoot a
smashing jab at the big man’s chin.
Then he jerked erect and leaped.

  Shorty landed on his feet against
the canyon wall and nearly fell un-
der the whirring wheels of the two
rear wagons, as they shot past. He
heard a scream of terror from Jake
Carter, saw the wagons veer on the
turn that was just ahead. Then the
wheels struck the edge of the cliff
and slipped over.

  There was a resounding crash of
splintered timber rolling down
Devil’s Drop. Another scream came
from Jake Carter, and then the clat-
ter died in the depths where the
wreckage smashed on the rocks.

  Shorty swayed, gasping for air
with tortured lungs. The dust cloud
settled, and all was silent in the can-
yon. Up around the turn came the
Sextet from Lucia, with Mrs. Wilson
keeping Chopin well away from the
rim, from which he liked to admire
scenery.

  “Bait fer buzzards!” Shorty mut-
tered.

V.

  The Sextet from Lucia, sweating
and tired, trotted into Stockton to
the triumphant jingle of freight bells
and a stirring tune from Shorty
Masters’ harmonica. Five minutes
later, little Bobby Wilson was in a
cool bed with Dr. Carroll bending
over him.

  Shorty and the anxious mother
crowded close, but it was the little
teamster who first found his voice.

  “How is he, doc?” he asked with a
sort of choking in his words.

  The physician turned and patted
Shorty’s dust-covered shoulder.

  “There, there, son!” he said.
“Your baby will be all right. You
got him here just in time. Don’t
worry—but you will, of course. I
know how fathers are.”

  “Yuh—yuh got m-me wrong!”
Shorty stammered, with a blush.
“It’s the lady’s baby, not mine. I
ain’t married, doc. I got all I kin
do ter take care of a family of long-
eared mules. I reckon I’ll be goin’
out and seein’ how they are.

  He escaped before Mrs. Wilson
could sob her thanks. The Sextet
from Lucia raised six tired heads to
look at their owner.

  “Shucks!” Shorty told them. “I
plumb hate ter drive yuh like that,
but I guess yuh know how it was.
x\nyway, we don’t eat nobody’s
dust!”

  And Chopin, baring yellow teeth,
heehawed triumphant agreement.
The Marshal From
Fort Davis

By Kent Bennett

Author of “The Avenging Shadow,” etc.

The night was very young
when big Bill Stoudenmayer
made his first appearance in
Franklin. And there was nothing in
the sky to foretell the eventfulness
of his coming, which was so to
change the place that it would never
be the same again.

  Stoudenmayer was not a hard
hombre to describe. Any one could
just say he was a bull of a man, and
let it go at that. This sounds too
simple and easy, but it really fitted.
For he had the look of that animal,
and its manner, and the splendid
stubbornness it displays in the ring.

  As Stoudenmayer walked along El

Paso Street, he did not attract un-
due attention. His twin ,45s, in
well-worn holsters hanging heavy at
his thick thighs, suggested that he
was just another gunman. And
such hombres were too common a
sight to be remarkable. The supply
of them was more than ample in the
roaring boom town.

  Flaring gas lamps glared in the
dingy, single-story adobe buildings,
fronted by broad, arched portals.
For blocks, the west side of the
street was lined with a solid row of
variety theaters, dance halls, sa-
loons, and gambling houses.

  Until dawn, the bright lights of
The Marshal From Fort Davis

127

 these places of pleasure would
 beckon invitingly to a population
 which had jumped to three thousand
 with the coming of the front camps
 of the Texas Pacific and the Atchin-
 son, Topeka and Santa Fe rail-
 roads.

   But Bill Stoudenmayer passed by
 all these opportunities for refresh-
 ment and entertainment. This night
 he was a man with a single purpose,
 and he made his way with direct
 steps to the chamber of the com-
 mon council, assembled in regular
 session.

   There he found the handful of
 men who had been chosen to rule
 the town—and whose lot was the
 unhappiest of any in it. The com-
 ing of the railroads had given them
 a raw deal, and they were trying to
 play out hopeless hands.

   The little group was transacting
 routine business, when Stouden-
 mayer entered the room. Shifting in
 their chairs about a scuffed table,
 they glanced at him speculatively.

   No particular welcome for the
 newcomer appeared on the faces of
 the mayor and councilmen. They
 bore the look of men who had con-
 fronted the unpleasant for so long
 that they had ceased to expect any-
 thing else.

   Bill Stoudenmayer, bluff and un-
 abashed, returned their glum regard
 with a pair of steady eyes. His
 hands gave a hitch to his gun belt,
 as he waited for an invitation to
 speak.

   The mayor leaned forward in his
 chair.

   “What’s your business with the
 council, stranger?”

   “Well, gentlemen,” Stoudenmayer
 spoke with blunt directness, “I
 heard you’d failed to find a marshal
 who could hold the town down, so
 I ’lowed I’d like to try the job, if
 you’d make it worth a man’s while.”

  His hearers glanced at one an-
other with no noticeable enthusiasm,
then stared back at the big stranger.
The mayor cleared his throat, strok-
ing his chin thoughtfully.

  “And who,” he asked, “do you
happen to be, if you don’t mind tell-
ing?”

  “Bill Stoudenmayer, from Fort
Davis.”

  None of the group appeared at all
affected as he disclosed his identity.
The name meant nothing to them.
There were no legends concerning
its possessor.

  “Ilm-m-m!” snorted one of the
council. “And you’ve heard things,
eh?” he inquired dryly. “But you
couldn’t ’a’ heard much or you
wouldn’t be applying here for an of-
ficer’s star.”

  “It’s plenty I’ve heard, all right,”
replied Bill Stoudenmayer. “About
holdups and killings. And that it
ain’t safe for respectable peoples to
be out nights, unless they walk by
the middle of the street, with their
guns in their hands.”

  “That’s a little of it,” admitted
the councilman, twisting a gray
mustache. “But about all the law-
men we’ve hired—marshals and
deputies—maybe you’ve heard
about them, too? One-day men,
they been called. And some of them
didn’t last that long!”

  “Yeah.” Stoudenmayer nodded
shortly. “That’s why I think maybe
I can make a deal with you gentle-
men.”

  Several of his listeners gave re-
signed shrugs, as Stoudenmayer’s
characteristic stubbornness began to
make itself felt. They looked at
their presiding officer. After a
slight hesitation, he again addressed
the big German.

  “Stranger, just what is your idea?
What are you figuring on?”

  “Well,” said Stoudenmayer, “I’m
128

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

hoping to make some good money
for myself—and to save the city
more. Here’s my proposition, gen-
tlemen:

  “If you’ll pay me five hundred a
month, you can discharge all your
deputies, and I’ll go it alone and
guarantee to clear the town of
toughs or draw no pay. How’s that
sound to you?”

  The entire group stared at him in
amazement. The wild audacity of
his proposal seemed to have robbed
them of speech. For a moment,
there was a complete and paralyzing
silence in the council chamber.

  Finally, several stirred in their
chairs. The mayor pulled out a
handkerchief and wiped his shining
forehead.

  “Man!” he exclaimed. “Do you
know this town at all? You don’t
talk like it.”

  “I haven’t been around yet,” ad-
mitted Stoudenmayer. “I wanted to
come here first. But I ’lowed to size
things up to-night—after we come
to an agreement.”

  “Oh!” gasped the mayor. “Oh,
you did, eh?”

  “Yeah,” continued Stoudenmayer,
“I plan to circulate around quietlike
and get a line on all the hombres
that needs to be got rid of—all the
worst ones, anyways. I aim to settle
the big fish first, then the pikers and
four-flushers won’t be no trouble.”
Such sublime confidence was be-
yond the imaginations of the har-
assed officials. It could be accounted
for only by the man’s confessed ig-
norance of conditions. A bored look
appeared on the faces of several, as
if they felt that he was taking up
their time to no good purpose.

  “I reckon you don’t know what
you’d be up against—what we’ve
been up against these past months,”
the mayor told Stoudenmayer pa-
tiently.

  “Maybe you was figuring on hav-
ing a big posse to back you up in %
clean-up?” put in a mild-looking
member of the council. “If so, you
got another guess coming, stranger.
That’s done been tried—and got no-
where.”

  “Yeah,” said the mayor, “we had
a vigilante gathering in front of the
Grand Central Hotel one night.
Wasn’t but thirty or so dared to
show up, and they had to face a
crowd of a couple hundred crooks
and killers. The whole bunch was
ready for a battle,, right in the
Plaza.”

 “And what happened, then?”
asked Stoudenmayer.

  “What could a handful of vigi-
lantes do against a mob like that?
They’d ’a’ been massacred, if they’d
started anything.”

  “Muh!” grunted Bill Stouden-
mayer. “No wonder the sidewinders
are chesty, getting away with a thing
like that.” His eyes narrowed, and
the muscles of his outthrust jaw
tightened.

  “No, gentlemen, I wasn’t count-
ing on any posse. Just give me a
chance to do the job alone—that’s
all I ask.”

  The councilman with the droop-
ing gray mustache shook his head
vigorously.

  “It’d be plumb foolish! It couldn’t
be done with less’n two or three
troops of regulars!”

  Several of his fellow members
nodded agreement.

  Stoudenmayer looked from one to
another of the councilmen. His
coarse, brutal features were set in
stubborn lines, and his eyes held a
hint of scorn. Impatience edged his
voice as he burst out, almost plead-
ing:

  “Gentlemen, what have you got
to lose? Seems to me I’m the one
that’ll be taking the risks. If I’m

WW—8D
The Marshal From Fort Davis

129

willing, why don’t you give me a
shot at it? I’m the hombre that’ll
collect the damage, if any. It won’t

be you-”

  “Oh, won’t it?” interrupted the
gray-mustached councilman. “Why,
stranger, those killers have threat-
ened to wipe out this council to a
man, if we try to make another
move against ’em.”

  “Talk’s cheap.” The big Ger-
man’s face darkened a shade.
“You’d find it don’t assay much to
the ton, if you’d try a large dose of
action on that crowd. And that’s
what I’m craving to do, gentlemen!”
He paused and eyed them, still hope-
ful.

  Several of his listeners met his
sharp, direct glance. On their faces
was a reflection of his own fiery
eagerness. At last they were aroused
from their apathy, stirred by the
brute force of the man from Fort
Davis. Could he possibly make
good, where all the others had
failed?

  “I move we hire him,” one mem-
ber voiced a new-found courage.
“Let’s take a vote on it.”

  Heads drew together around the
council table, and there was a buzz
of lively whispered conversations.
Stoudenmayer withdrew to the edge
of the room. Leaning against the
wall, he rolled a cigarette, and
lighted it. With patience he waited
until the council’s decision finally
came, in the mayor’s raised voice:
“Gentlemen, he gets a star!”

II.

  Citizens who were astir at day-
break were the first to discover what
appeared to be some one’s weird idea
of a town joke. The rising sun found
groups of them clustered about sev-
eral spots between Oregon Street
and the Plaza.

 WW—9D

  The magnets of their interest were
conspicuously posted notices, writ-
ten in a crude hand—notices that
were brief and to the point:

   Any of the holdups named below I find in
town after three o’clock to-day, I’m going
to kill on sight.

  There followed a list of seventy
names, a list that was carefully
chosen and complete. It included
only the seasoned crooks and toughs
of the town. Hardly a man was
named whose dark record was not
publicly known.

  Each notice bore the same rude
signature:

  “Bill Stoudenmayer, City Mar-
shal.”

  A few there were who read their
own names on the outlaws’ roster—
read and laughed. But it was an
early hour for most of the boss lobos;
as yet not many were stirring. Later,
when they were aroused, would come
the cream of the jest.

  Others there were, too, who read
the homemade placards and shook
their heads. These were solid, sub-
stantial citizens of the town, men
who respected law and order. Yet
they shook their heads in the half-
pitying fashion men will, over an
hombre gone loco and doomed to de-
struction.

  And bets were offered—for there
are men who will bet on anything—
wagers that the strange marshal
would not last till noon. But they
found few takers, and these de-
manded odds of ten to one.

  Yet throughout the long morning,
Bill Stoudenmayer quietly walked
the streets. He made his way alone,
supported only by the six-guns at his
waist and the gleaming silver star on
his coat.

   He appeared heedless of the stares
directed at him, unconcerned by the
growing tensity which charged the
130

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

sluggish air. But not even the stir-
ring of a leaf eluded his watchful
eyes.

  Noon came, then one o’clock, two
o’clock.

  On the northeast corner of El
Paso and San Antonio Streets there
stood a cottonwood that was an eye-
filling sight for any one who appre-
ciates an upstanding tree. Such was
its girth that you could, almost, hide
a horse behind it. A man, two men
even, could be entirely concealed by
its bulk.

  When Stoudenmayer, approach-
ing from the opposite side of the
street, drew near the big tree, two
men were in ambush there. One of
them gripped a shotgun, holding it
upright so that the barrel might not
extend beyond the shelter of the cot-
tonwood.

  The steps of the big German came
closer. He was walking at his usual
steady, deliberate pace.

  The man with the shotgun slowly
edged around from in back of the
tree. His companion pressed close
behind him, one hand at his holster.

  In an instant, the bulky figure of
Stoudenmayer came within their
line of vision. But at the same time,
the new marshal saw the two killers,
just as they started to throw down
on him. His hands shifted, in a blur
of motion.

  The shotgun reached its owner’s
shoulder, as his companion, spring-
ing out from behind him, drew the
six-gun at his own belt.

  But guns seemingly had leaped
into both of Stoudenmayer’s hands,
and their muzzles spat yellow flames.

  Cr-rash! Bang! From the new
marshal’s .45s, twin roars of death
shattered the atmosphere!

  The terrific impact of a lead slug
staggered the man with the shotgun,
while his finger was seeking the trig-
ger of his weapon. Another bullet

crashed into him as he swayed on
his feet. With a scream he pitched
forward on his face in the dust of
the street.

  The other killer fired one wild
shot. Then he slumped to the
ground like a dropped sack. The
fingers tightened about his revolver
remained rigid, still. Flying lead
had found his heart.

  As the acrid powder smoke cleared
away, Stoudenmayer reloaded his
guns. A glance at the prostrate
bodies of his attackers was sufficient
to tell that their crimson trail was
run out.

  Quietly the big German skirted
the prone figures. With a slowness
that belied his deadly six-gun speed,
he continued on his walk.

  When he came to one of the no-
tices he had posted along El Paso
Street, he stopped and crossed off
two names.

III.

  There was something about the
gun play at the cottonwood that
laid hold of the imagination of the
town. The news of it sped through
the streets, growing as it went; re-
port had increased the casualty list
to six by the time the tale had trav-
eled that many blocks.

  The joke of the locoed stranger
appeared to have teeth in it!

  Perhaps the city council, in be-
stowing a new star, had something
up its sleeve, and this little skirmish
was the unbuttoning of the cuff, so
to speak.

  Even the witnesses, and near-
witnesses, to the affray were unde-
niably impressed. Two to one were
not such great odds, of course; but
when the two lay in wait and the
one was surprised—that lengthened
chances considerably. It was agreed
that the new marshal had done a
workmanlike job.
The Marshal From Fort Davis

131

  So the betting shifted, until even
money was offered that the marshal
from Fort Davis would last out the
day.

  Meanwhile, big Bill Stoudenmayer
continued his one-man patrol for law
and order. His narrowed eyes alert
for the possible appearance of foes,
he paced the principal street of the
town. He looked very much like a
bull circling a ring, with nowhere
the flash of a red cape to stir it to
action.

  Three o’clock came and passed.
The time limit of his ultimatum to
the gunmen had expired. He had
given them fair warning. Now it
would be a “kill on sight.” No
quarter would be given or asked.

  Yet that “sight” was denied him.

  Finally, he forsook his lone street
parade. And for the last hours of
the waning afternoon, he methodi-
cally visited the saloons and gaming
houses which crowded the west side
of the thoroughfare.

  But there was a strange and con-
spicuous absence of bad men from
all the places of pleasure. The night
before, they had been as thick as
mosquitos in a swamp; now, not a
one was to be found in any public
spot.

  Evidently none of the town killers
was eager to face the new marshal
singly. As Stoudenmayer made his
futile search, his lips set in a grim
smile. It was a smile with more
than a hint of a sneer.

  And yet the hiding of all these
gunmen was blackly ominous. For
doubtless it meant that they were
engaged with secret plans for the
destruction of the foolhardy hombre
who dared to post his defiance of the
whole pack.

  Too long the town had been in the
hollow of their hands—a soft-shelled
nut with sweet kernels to be picked.
One locoed lawman couldn’t be al-

lowed to whisk it away from them
now.

  Even the respectable citizens could
see but one ending to the affair.
True, the cottonwood affray had im-
pressed them, for the moment. Yet
sober second thought reminded them
that that had disposed of only two
bad men. Sixty-eight were left, ac-
cording to Bill Stoudenmayer’s own
conservative reckoning.

  What could one man, no matter
how fearless, do against such over-
whelming adds?

  There was but one answer, of
course. Any one could tell that
without looking in the back of the
book.

  For some unknown reason this big
stranger had chosen to commit sui-
cide—you couldn’t call it anything
else. And, although the sight of him
on his deliberate patrol drew admir-
ing glances, it didn’t get him the
backing of a single friendly gun.

  But this, to be sure, didn’t matter
to Stoudenmayer. He had all he
wanted—the silver star of office.
And as the sun went down, he
waited to play out his hand, heedless
of how the deck was stacked against
him.

  In the last moments of twilight,
he was standing on the east side of
El Paso Street. Approaching dark-
ness was throwing shadows about
the low buildings of adobe, from
which shone the yellow gleam of oil
lamps.

  With characteristic disregard for
his own safety, he had stopped in an
exposed spot. He was in the mid-
dle of the block, with no protecting
shelter in close reach.

  On the opposite side of the street,
shadows were deepening behind the
columns of the arched portals—
shadows that concealed lurking fig-
ures.

  The wolf pack had gathered for
132

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

the kill! And here wag its prey, in
the open. There might never be a
better chance.

  Suddenly, there was a flash of
gunfire in the gathering darkness,
and the shattering report of a .45.
An eager killer had hurled lead at
the bulky target of the new lawman.

  As if the shot were a signal, a
heavy fusillade was directed at
Stoudenmayer, from the opposite
side of the street.

  In a deafening crescendo, a hun-
dred guns flamed in a volley at their
lone enemy

  But the big German, in some mi-
raculous fashion, was not even hit.
His .45s were in his hands, and he
stepped forward, firing with wonder-
ful accuracy and rapidity into the
ranks of the massed killers of the
town.

  Uncanny, indeed, was his survival
of that first volley—and terrifying
his unhesitating advance.

  Heedless of the leaden hail that
swept about him, he came on slowly
and steadily, not wasting a shot.
The bullets from his blazing guns
dropped one desperado after an-
other. Their groans and oaths min-
gled with the roar of snarling .45s.

  The eyes of the new marshal
gleamed in the dusk with a yellow-
ish fire. His brutal face was set in
savage killer lines. Bullets tugged
at his clothing; one knocked his tall
Stetson from his head.

  Still he advanced in the open,
picking off his enemies, who vainly
kept as close as possible behind the
shelter of the porch columns. With
frantic haste they fired at the terri-
ble death-dealing figure of the big
German.

  Yet lie never staggered, never wa-
vered. as, at every second, his mark-
manship cut down one of the outlaw
band.

  The storm of lead abruptly light-

ened, as some of the bad men stam-
peded in terror. Such nerve and
shooting was too much for them.

 By the time Stoudenmayer was
halfway across the street, the panic
had seized all of the surviving killers
of the town. Ceasing their firing,
they ran. In frantic flight, they dis-
appeared into the shadowed side
streets.

  When the clouds of gun smoke had
lifted, they were gone. Citizens, ap-
proaching cautiously toward the
scene, saw the huge figure of the
new town marshal standing alone.
Stretched on the sidewalk ahead of
him were nine desperadoes who had
stopped lead from his .45s. Only
two of them were still breathing.

  That night, the outbound stages
west and south were crowded with
passengers, who displayed a sudden
desire for travel to distant parts.
Other fugitives boarded the freight
trains going north and east. Still
others stole teams or saddle stock to
make a quick get-away. Even a few
left town on foot.

  All fled in terror of Stoudenmayer.

  The next morning, over two hun-
dred men were missing. The gen-
eral departure of killers and bad
men was complete. The little fron-
tier town was entirely free from
those who had been for a time its
most prominent citizens.

  In the space of twenty-four hours,
Bill Stoudenmayer had made good
his words to the councilmen who
hired him, and justly earned his
wages.

  The incidents related in this true story
of the wild West took place in the early
’80s at what is now the city of El Paso.
Fate, which granted Stoudenmayer a
charmed life as a gun fighter on the side
of the law, soon turned against him when
he gave up the silver badge of office. A
few weeks after he resigned as town mar-
shall, he was killed in a private quarrel.—
EDITOR.
    This department is offered in order to preserve the old cowboy songs
and frontier ballads that have come down to us by word of mouth from our
grandfathers. It is also intended to help you folks who enjoy collecting
Western songs.

    If you want to find the words to some cowboy song, write and tell us
about it. We’ll do our best to find it for you and publish it in the magazine.
If you know any of the old songs, send them to us for publication, giving as
much of their history as you can.

    Send all communications, with your name and address printed clearly,
to Fiddlin’ Joe, care of Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly, 79 Seventh
Avenue, New York, N. Y.

WAAL, folks, how’s things
with you? Glad tuh be in
the ol’ singin’ circle ag’in
like I am? That’s good! I got
some pretty good stuff here for yuh.

  I’m still gettin’ lots o’ requests
from gals an’ boys tuh copy out
songs an’ send ’em tuh them per-
sonal. Now, yuh know I can’t be
doin’ thet, much as I’d like tuh. I’d
never have time tuh find any new
songs, if I was tuh try tuh send out
sep’rate copies o’ songs.

  All I kin do is tuh try tuh pub-
lish every title yuh ask me tuh find.
An’ in order tuh help matters along,
I ask yuh not only tuh be sure tuh
give me yore own name an’ address
clearly an’ in full, but tuh try tuh

tell me something about the song
yuh want, so as tuh give me some
sort o’ clew as tuh what it is an’
whar I kin find it. See?

 Hyar’s a song sent in by Henry
Lewis, Jr., of South Dakota. He
says: “My contribution this time is
another version of ‘The Buffalo
Hunter,’ which Mrs. Erickson, of
Montana, sent in some time ago.
Hope you like it.”

THE BUFFALO HUNTEF.

One day a fellow came to me, and offered
      me a job,

  A-killin’ meat for an immigrant train,
      he said,

At thirty-five a month, tuh kill Injuns that
wish tuh rob
Or place a tommyhawk in yore head.
134

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

I very quickly accepted, as other fools had
      done;

I merrily left my sweetheart, and started
      on the trip—

For, foolishly, I thought it would be fun—
With my Sharps across my saddle and
a six upon my hip.

’Fore many days had slipped away

  We’d tired of beans, mixed well with
      prairie range.

So the boss said: “Yuh meat rustlers must
      venture out to-day,

  ’Cause our line of chuck must have a
      change.”

Me and several others, all day we tramped
      around

  To find the shaggy buffalo so we could
      shoot him down.

We held our guns to shoulder—our belts
      had forty round—

  And we sent the buffalo to his happy
      huntin’ grounds.

We went upon the buffalo range as all
     poor hunters do.

  To disrobe the shaggy fellow, we thought
      it was no harm.

Our game was antelope, wolf, buffalo,

  And deer, whose coat we took to keep
      our bodies warm.

Our fires were of buffalo chips; the beds
      lay on the ground.

  We had to fight the scorpions, while In-
      juns circled round.

When we reached our destination, I left
      the ol’ train flat,

  ’Cause I admire tuh keep my scalplock
      ’neath my hat.

  “This song has no history that I
know of,” Henry Lewis goes on tuh
say. “It’s one my father used to
sing.”

  An’ if yuh’ll notice, folks, it seems
tuh be a combination o’ two songs:
“The Buffalo Hunters,” which I
published October 11, 1931; an’
“The Buffalo Skinners,” which I
gave yuh on January 9, 1932. It
sort o’ shows yuh how songs changed
as they was sung in diff’rent quar-
ters. Sometimes the changes wa’n’t
enough tuh warrant callin’ the song
by a diff’rent name, but lots o’ times

entire new songs was made with jest
a few words or lines from some ol’
one.

  Look back in yore ol’ scrapbooks,
folks, tuh a song thet I published in
the Corral for December 12, 1931,
called “The Bullwhacker.” It is a
right fine song, but Kenneth Ireland,
of New York, gives us a better ver-
sion of it an’ adds a few words of
history about it:

  “Root, Hog, or Die” is one of the
songs of the Argonauts, and every
stage driver, pony-express rider,
bullwhacker, mule skinner, and pio-
neer knew this song and sang it
around their camp fires across the
plains. It was as well known as the
old tune of “The Arkansaw Trav-
eler.” Along in the ’50s and ’60s,
“Root, Hog, or Die” was called:

THE BULLWHACKER’S EPIC
By J. H. Beadle 1870

Oh! I’m a jolly driver on the Salt Lake
      City line,

And I can lick the rascal that yokes an
      ox of mine.

He’d better turn him out, or you bet your
life I’ll try
To sprawl him with an ox-bow—root, hog,
or die.

Oh! I’ll tell you how it is, when you first
      get on the road.

You’ve got an awkward team and a very
     heavy load;

You’ve got to whip and holler—if you
     swear, it’s on the sly—

Punch your team along, boys—root, hog,
      or die.

Oh! It’s every day at noon there is some-
      thing to do;

If there’s nothing else, there will be an ox
      to shoe.

First with ropes you throw him, and there
      you make him lie,

While you tack on shoes, boys—root, hog,
      or die.

Perhaps you’d like to know what it is we
      have to eat.

A little bit of bread and a dirty piece of
      meat,
Fiddlin’ Joe’s Song Corral

135

A little old molasses, and sugar on the sly,
Potatoes if you’ve got ’em—root, hog, or
die.

Oh! There’s many strange sights to be
      seen along the road—

The antelopes and deer and the great big
       sandy toad,

The buffalo and elk, the rabbits jump so
       high—

And with all the pesky Injuns—root, hog,
       or die.

The prairie dogs in Dogtown, and the
      prickly pear,

And the buffalo bones that are scattered
       everywhere;

Now and then dead oxen from vile alkali
Are very thick in places where it’s root,
hog, or die.

Oh! You’ve got to take things on the
      plains as you can;

They’ll never try to please you or any
      other man.

You go it late and early, and also wet or
       dry,

And eat when you can get it—root, hog,
      or die.

Oh! Times on Bitter Creek, they never
      can be beat;

“Root, Hog, or Die” is on every wagon
      sheet.

The sand within your throat, the dust
      within your eye;

Bend your back and stand it, to “Root,
      Hog, or Die.”

When we arrived in Salt Lake, the 25th
      of June,

The people were surprised to see us come
       so soon;

But we are bold bullwhackers on whom you
       can rely;

We’re tough, and we can stand it—root,
      hog, or die.

Thet sore is a rollickin’ song,
an’ I reckon yuh’ll be glad tuh have
this version of it, tuh put ’longside
o’ yore other one. It was right nice
o’ Mr. Ireland tuh send it in.

Hyar’s a short little song thet
some of the folks have been askin’
for—Edith Fritz, of Pennsylvania,
in particular. It isn’t exactly West-
ern, but I reckon we can print it.

   SUCKIN’ CIDER THROUGH
          A STRAW

   The prettiest girl I ever saw

   Was sucking cider through a straw.

   I asked her if she would show me how

   To suck cider through a straw.

   Then, lip to lip and jaw to jaw,

   We sucked cider through a straw.

   Somehow, that straw it slipped,

   And I sucked cider from her lip.

   And now I’ve got a mother-in-law,

   From sucking cider through a straw.

   And fourteen kids call me pa,

   Frem sucking cider through a straw.

  Ain’t that a salty little song? I
wish I could write out the tune of
it for yuh. It’s kind o’ dolefullike
an’ funny. Oklahoma Jimmy, who
has sent us other songs, sent in.
His real name is James Cree, but he
says as how he got the other name
when he j'ined the Ringlin’ Circus
an’ tossed the old Cuchillo knives.

  Now, thar’s a few titles o’ songs
thet I’m anxious tuh git hold of.
Bein’ as how I haven’t come across
them, I’ll pass ’em on to you, an’
mebbe some of yuh will happen tuh
know somethin’ about ’em.

  Thar’s one called “Jack Hag-
garty” thet C. F. Bauman, o’ Penn-
sylvania, wants; an’ another called
“The Ridge-runnin’ Roan” thet Gail
Morrison, of Wyoming, an’ Bert
Scofield, of Utah, have asked for;
an’ “Top Cowhand on Lazy Bar 11”
thet Harold Allen, of Colorado,
wants; an’ a song containin’ the
line, “The six-shooter hanging in its
holster on the wall,” thet Mr. R. E.
Runser, of Pennsylvania, asked for,
some time ago, an’ I reckon thet’s
all. Think yuh kin help me find
’em?

  Waal, I reckon thar ain’t room for
another song, so I’ll have tuh keep
it till next week. So long, an’ good
luck in the meantime!
       Some day you’re going out West yourself to the Western outdoors. It will
   be a nice thing to have friends out West when that time comes—friends who’ll
   extend a hand o’ welcome and put you onto things.

       You can make these friends through this department of Wild West Weekly.
   The idea is to exchange information about different parts of the West—about
   ranches and camps, getting work, prospecting, and learning to rope and ride.

       Letters are exchanged only between men and men, and between women and
   women. Let’s get together and make this department a real help to readers of
   Wild West Weekly. I’ll do my part by forwarding letters between parties
   likely to be interested in writing to one another. You do yours by always print-
   ing your whole name and address carefully on every letter you send to this
   department; and by giving the name and State of the Pen Pal you choose, as it
   appears in the magazine, as well as the date of the magazine in which you find
   him or her.

       Address your letters to Sam Wills, care of Street & Smith’s Wild West
   Weekly, 79 Seventh Avenue, New York, N. Y.

HI, thar, folks! Every now and
then, when I get tuh feelin’
kind o’ blue, somehow, all I
got tuh do is tuh remember thet
I’m old Sam Wills, postmaster o’
this hyar department. It’s a right
nice feelin’ tuh think thet yo’re
helpin’ folks tuh make friends across
the country.

  Howsomever, yuh kin help me a

lot by readin’ the rules o’ this de-
partment and obeyin’ ’em. Thet
would make me even more cheerful.

Now let’s git goin’!

WESTERNERS

These folks ought tuh be able tuh
tell yuh somethin’ about the West.
Get in line and take yore choice.
Western Pen Pals

137

  Dear Sam: I am a girl of seventeen
and live on a cow ranch, and I enjoy most
of the sports of the West. I have wavy
brown hair and gray eyes. I would like
some Pen Pals. Please rush them right
this way. Louise Grimand, of Idaho.

  Dear Sam Wills: I am a young mar-
ried woman of seventeen. I would like to
have some Pen Pals from the West. I used
to live on a big ranch, where there were
lots of cows and horses. I love to ride. I
am now a cook for some men on a large
ranch and get very lonesome. Won’t some
one write to me? I will exchange photos
and Western songs with any Pen Pals. My
greatest hobby is painting pictures.

Lena Curry, of California.

  Dear Sam: I am twenty-five years old,
love to cook and keep house, but at the
present time I am working in a hotel.
Could tell lots of Oregon. Fishing is good
out here; there’s lots of good hunting, and
there have been some elephants in town
that caused a great deal of excitement. So
long, Sam. I know that you will do what
you can for me.

Fran Sherer, of Oregon.

HUNTIN’ JOBS

  See if yuh kin help these folks,
folks. I reckon they sure need it.
Huntin’ jobs this year is no easy
proposition.

  Dear Sir: I am a boy of sixteen. I
am fond of riding, and I sure like to shoot.
My brother and some of my friends say
that I’m a devil on a horse. I have been
wishing that I could get in touch with
some Western cowboy and get a job on
some big cow ranch. I’d like to become a
cowboy myself, and be able to ride and
shoot like some of the hombres I read about
in the W. W. W. Get me a good Pen Pal
and tell him to try and get me a good job.
I will try to pay him back some day.

Elmer Brown, of Ohio.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am another hom-
bre looking for a job out West. I am now
working on a farm, but the job doesn’t suit
me. I would like to get in with some real
farmer or rancher, because I am a great
lover of outdoor work. I am seventeen
years old, and can do a little of everything
and a whole lot of some things. If you
can’t put me in touch with a ranch owner,

hunt me up a cowboy or hombre about my
age. Come on and help a fellow out!

  James Condrey, of North Carolina.

  Dear Sam: I wonder if you or some
of the Pen Pals could put me in touch with
some ranch owner or boss. I will buy a
horse from the ranch owner or boss who
will give me a job. Will work and pay my
own expenses for the first month. Work
for nothing for the first month, if they will
give me a job for about six months, and
even then will work just for something
to eat and a place to sleep. How does that
sound to you ranchers? I am a boy of
twenty, and I will be looking for a letter
soon. Kutch McClug, of Alabama.

  Dear Sam: I am a boy of nineteen
years, and, like most other boys of my age,
am out of work. I can ride and shoot any
kind of a rifle or gun. I would like to
get a job out in Montana or Texas.

Harry Sipes, of Maryland.

  Dear Friend: I am a young man about
twenty years of age. I am interested in
becoming a cowboy. I would like to get
in touch with some rancher who will be
willing for me to go to his ranch and work
and learn to be a cowboy. If you or your
Pen Pals can help me, I would appreciate
it very much. I would work for my board
and clothes.

Kyle Senter, of North Carolina.

  Dear Sir: I am anxious to find a good
job. I am a Western jasper, hail from
Wyoming, am thirty-six years old, and have
been astraddle a horse for a long time.
The days I spend here in Ohio are terri-
bly unhappy. I miss the good old foot-
hills and my horse. The only thing that
keeps me from both is the fact that I have
no job, so I would sure like to have some
loyal cattleman offer me work. Wages are
a matter of indifference, as I am not a
top hand; but I understand a lot about it
and am willing to learn more. I’d like to
hear from a lot of cowpokes, too.

Fred Brandyberry, of Ohio.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am a boy of eight-
een and would like to have a job on a
ranch. I am willing to do any kind of
work, but I would like to ride very much.
I want some Pen Pals from Texas or Ari-
zona, and I promise to answer all letters.
I want information about the West, because
I intend to go out there this coming sum-
mer.	Woodrow Richardson,
of South Carolina.
138

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

  Dear Sam: I am just a farmer of eight-
een. I would like to hear from lumber-
men about my age. Maybe they could
tell me where I could get a job at some
lumber camp. Maybe some day I will go
out West and join the cow-punchers. I
can ride very well and also shoot. I would
also like to hear from Pen Pals in Arizona
and elsewhere.

Steven Ivolcznski, of New York.

WANTIN’ WESTERN PALS

  Dear Sir: I am a girl of twenty and
am much interested in the West and in
Pen Pals. I wonder if I could get in touch
with some of them. I am very fond of
outdoor life, and will answer all letters and
will exchange snapshots. I have brown hair
and gray eyes, and am anxious to hear
from some real cowgirl Pen Pal. Come
on, girls; don’t hold out on me.

Mary Schmidt, of Oklahoma.

^Dear Sam; : I am a boy of fifteen, and
I’d like to get a Pen Pal from Texas be-
tween the ages of sixteen and twenty. I
will answer any letter I receive, and I am
also interested in old range ballads.

Robert Blaise, of New York.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I have become so in-
terested in your stories of the West that
I am writing all the way from England. I
am at work in a big London bank, but
always wish that I could work in the open.
I am nineteen years old, and would very
much like to answer and receive letters
from any one in Arizona, Texas, Wyoming,
Colorado, or Nevada. I will answer all
letters and exchange snaps.

Cecil Hopkins, of England.

  Dear Sam: I am twelve years old, and
live on a farm in the Arrowhead district.
I’d like some Pen Pals of about my age
who live on Western ranches.

Mary Kendall, of Minnesota.

  Dear Sam: I’m not lonesome, but I sure
would like to have some Pen Pals from
Montana, Texas, Arizona, Colorado, and
everywhere. I am thirteen years old, and
have light-brown hair and blue eyes. I
would like some girls of my age to sling
some ink over my way. I like all indoor
and outdoor sports except golf. Riding,
swimming, and dancing are my favorites.
I promise to answer all letters pronto.

Evelyn Sabadie, of Michigan.

  Deajr Sam: Have you any room left for
another tomboy? I am a girl of sixteen
years, and have blue eyes and brown hair.
Would like to have some Western Pen Pals.
I love horses and the great outdoors, so
come one, come all, and write to me.

Dorothy Bell, of Iowa.

  Dear Sam: I would like to have some
Western Pen Pals from any of the real
cowboy States. So come on, all you cow-
boys and rangers, and write. Send along
some snaps and info from the West. You
can be anywhere from twelve to fourteen
years old.

Harry Launtage, of New York.

  Dear Sam: I am very much interested
in Pen Pals, and would like some of them
to write to me, especially from Arizona,
New Mexico, and Wyoming. I will answer
all letters I receive. I’d be very happy if
some one would send me an old reata or
a broken gun. I am fourteen years of age
and have red hair.

R. S. Peterson, of South Dakota.

  Dear Sam: I would like to get in touch
■with some Western Pen Pals. I love horses
and the great outdoors. I want to hear
from cowboys and folks who work on
ranches, and also from trappers. I’d like
to know something more about roping and
riding. I am eighteen years old and live
on a farm in Maine, where I raise a lot
of hens. Robert Lanphier, of Maine.

  Hello, Sam: I am only a girl of four-
teen. Won’t you please get me some West-
ern Pen Pals? Come on and write to me,
girls, and send me lots of cowboy songs.

Agnes Peidlaf, of Pennsylvania.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am a girl of four-
teen and would like to have some Pen Pals
from the West and also from foreign coun-
tries. I like music and all outdoor sports.
I hope to hear from lots of Pen Pals.

Eva, of North Carolina.

  Dear Sam: I am a boy of eleven and
would like some Western Pen Pals for
friends. I read all the Western stories I
can get hold of. I would like some snap-
shots of my Pen Pals, and will try to send
some of myself as soon as I can have some
taken. I promise to answer all letters, and
will be glad to receive them. I have always
wanted to be a cowboy, but I am too
young now. Perhaps, some day I will be
able to go out West and learn to be one.

Roland West, of Massachusetts.
Western Pen Pals

139

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am in search of
Western Pen Pals. Could you find me any,
viuy -pronto? Anywhere from California to
Colorado or Texas. I am twelve years old
and in junior high school. I have light
hair, blue eyes, and am about five feet
tall.	Walter Buchanan,

of New Hampshire.

NEEDIN’ FRIENDS

  Here are a few lonesome folks
lookin’ for Pals tuh cheer ’em up.
Write to ’em, an’ make ’em realize
thet no one has to be lonesome in
this world.

  Dear Sam: I am a boy of seventeen
and would like some Pen Pals from Cali-
fornia. I am a strong fan for all sports.
I would like very much to receive a letter
from some Pen Pals. I am in my last year
of high school and as lonesome as a lone
coyote.

Leroy McFadden, of West Virginia.

  Dear Sam: I have lots of friends, but
still I get lonesome. I love to write let-
ters, and would like to have some Pen
Pals. I have auburn eurly hair and blue
eyes, and am about five feet tall. My
brother is a cowboy, and he tells me a lot
about the West. I would especially like
some Pen Pals from the States of Texas,
Tennessee, Colorado, Kentucky, and
Georgia. But letters from anywhere would
be welcome. I live on a great big farm.

Dodo, of Illinois.

  Dear Sam: I am a girl of sixteen; I
have brown hair and eyes. I am fond of
fishing and dancing; but I don’t have many
friends, so I wish you would get me some
Pen Pals.

Donna Glover, of Pennsylvania.

  Dear Sam: I am a lonely boy of six-
teen and would like to have some Pen Pals
write to me, especially those who are in-
terested in cowboy songs. It sure would
cheer me up to have some Pen Pals.

Eugene Podschelne, of New York.

  Dear Pen Pals: I am writing to you to
ask you to write to me, for I am terribly
lonesome for some friends. I am a widow,
twenty-seven years old. I am very fond of
music and enjoy working at home, where
I live with my father and two darling lit-
tle daughters. But still I would like to
have some friends from far away.

Mrs. Patrick, of Florida.

  Dear Sam: I am a girl of seventeen and
very lonely for a real Pal. So I am ask-
ing you to find a girl who will be willing
to write to me often. I have brown curly
hair, blue eyes, and a light complexion. I
would like also to obtain the words to
some of the famous cowboy songs. Here’s
hoping I get a real cowgirl Pen Pal among
others.	Geneva Harper,

of North Carolina.

  Dear Sam: I am lonely and would like
to hear from some of your Pen Pals. I will
answer all the letters I receive. I would
like to hear from Pen Pals west of the Mis-
sissippi, but will be glad to hear from any
one. I am fifteen years old.

Ogden Hamilton, of New York.

OTHER REQUESTS

  A few more tuh finish off the day,
folks. Jest a bunch o’ letters from
everywhar. Hope yuh kin find yore
Pals among these, if yuh haven’t al-
ready found ’em.

  Dear Sam: I am a girl of twenty-one,
and I’m not really lonesome, but would like
some Pen Pals from anywhere. I have
dark-brown hair and eyes and a light com-
plexion. I’m fond of all sports, and enjoy
the movies a great deal. Come on, girls,
and write me some long letters.

L. N. M., of Michigan.

  Dear Sam: I am a brunette of sixteen
years, and writing is one of my dearest hob-
bies. I would like Pen Pals from every
State in the Union and foreign lands as
well. I am a lover of all sports. One of
my greatest ambitions is to have many
friends all over the country. Every one,
please write. I will answer all letters.

L. B., of Alabama.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am a girl of fif-
teen, living on Coos Bay, which is about
twenty-four miles long. We are about nine
miles inland from the Pacific. I would Ike
to get some Pen Pals, and will answer all
letters promptly. I will also be glad to ex-
change pictures and maps of Oregon.

Vivian Hunt, of Oregon.

  Dear Sam: I am a boy of seventeen
years, and would like to issue a challenge
to all Pen Pals to write to me. I can give
plenty of information about Texas. I am
a sergeant in the U. S. R. 0. T. C. Military
140

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

Reserve. Let’s be Pals. I will exchange
photos and info with you. Come on!

Jack Henderson, of Texas.

  Dear Sam: I am very much interested
in the Pen Pal department, and would like
to write to some one of about my own age.
I am twenty-one, and my nickname is
“Red.” I would like to learn a lot about
Missouri, as I have a friend there and plan
to visit him some day.

Carroll Southern, of West Virginia.

  Dear Sam Wills: I am twenty-one
years old and would like to find some Pen
Pals, especially those who live in the real
West, for I would like to have some ranch
information.

Ruth Overton, of Tennessee.

  Dear Sam: I would like you to put my
name in your Pen Pals department, so that
I shall have some friends.

Mrs. Nellie Smith, of Tennessee.

  Dear Sam: We are a young married
couple who love our State. We would like
to have Pen Pals from other States. We
sincerely promise to answer every single
letter we receive.

Jimmy and Cis, of Ohio.

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am a blue-eyed,
brown-haired kid from the land of ten
thousand lakes. I live 011 the sunny side
of a chain of hills, along river. I am
fond of dancing and outdoor sports, but
get the biggest thrill out of skiing. I am
nineteen years old and want to hear from
other girls of my age in the South, West,
and Mexico. Will swap songs, snaps, and
interesting information. Use your pens,
girls. Josephine Ryan, of Minnesota.

  Dear Sir: I am a girl of seventeen and
have blond hair. I would like to have
some Pen Pals from any State. Come on,
girls, write to

  Lonesome Josephine, of Colorado.

  Dear Sam: How’s chances for a sax
tooter to step into your column and get a
few Pen Pals? I am sixteen years old and
have blond curly hair and blue eyes, and
like all sports, especially football. Come
on, you pen slingers, and let me hear from
you! Clarence Sanborn, of Maine.

  Dear Sam: Just another reader of your
good stories. I like all outdoor sports, and
am especially fond of the outdoor stories
in the W. W. W. I’m hoping that I’ll hear

from some Pen Pals soon. Let ’em come!
I am sixteen years of age.

Glendon Robinette, of West Virginia.

  Dear Sam Wills: I am a girl of four-
teen, have blue eyes and brown hair. I
would like very much to have some Pen
Pals from all States and countries. Please
get me some Pen Pals as soon as possible.

Helen Youngs, of Michigan.

  Dear Sam: I am twelve years old, and
I would be tickled pink to receive letters
from girls between eleven and thirteen years
of age. I’m fond of all outdoor sport, but
mostly I like to read. Would like to hear,
also, from the girls of the West.

Ruth Brickey, of Ohio,

  And her sister writes:

  Dear Mr. Wills: I am ten years old
and have light hair and blue eyes. I am
fond of all outdoor sports, especially swim-
ming. Would like to hear from girls be-
tween nine and eleven years of age, from
all over the U. S. A. Come on, girls, and
write to me.

Alberta Brickey, of Ohio.

  Dear Sam Wills: I’m seventeen years
old, and have brown eyes and light hair. I
would like to hear from some Pen Pals
from all over the U. S. A.

Chester Arks, of Illinois.

  Dear Sam: I love to write letters, so
I want lots of Pen Pals. I’ll be tickled to
death to answer all letters. Please write.
I’m a happy-go-lucky mixture of Irish and
English.	Miss Bertie, of Iowa.

  Dear Sam: I want a lot of Pen Pals.
I am fifteen and fond of all sports.

Isabella Padula, of Wisconsin.

  Dear Sam: I’m a girl of ten who would
like some Pen Pals. I will exchange photos
and answer every letter I get.

Bunnie McGuffin, of Montana.

  Dear Sam: I’m looking for Pen Pals
from anywhere. I promise to answer all
letters. I have red hair and brown eyes.
Come on, Pals, let’s go.

Julius Call, of Virginia.

  An’ thet’ll be all for tuh-day,
folks. Hope yuh keep the friends
yuh’ve already made through this
hyar department, an’ make many
more from week tuh week. So long!
All letters intended for The Wranglers Corner should be addressed to
The Range Boss, Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly, 79 Seventh Avenue,

New York, N. Y.

SAY, Boss,” asks the Whistlin’
Kid, at this week’s meetin’ o’
the Corner, “what’s the matter
with startin’ the meetin’ now?
Everybody’s here, ain’t they?”

  We glances up at the clock, feelin’
kind o’ worried, fer it is getting kind
o’ late. But we shakes our head at
the Kid’s question.

  “We ain’t all here yet, Kid,” we
says, an’ then has ter grin ter see
the hull outfit, from Billy West ter
Lum Yates, start lookin’ aroun’ ter
count noses.

  Buck Foster, Joe Scott, and Sing
Lo are in their usual places. Like-
wise, Jim Hazel an’ the Tigor boys
is settin’ over in one corner, talkin’
ter Lum Yates an’ Zeke. Johnny
Forty-five and George Krumm is
there, too. We can’t blame the wad-
dies fer bein’ puzzled. It shore looks
like everybody’s on hand who kin
be expected.

  But we’ve got a surprise cornin’,
an’ before we kin git any more wor-
ried, there’s a knock at the door.

We grins an’ starts ter let ’em in.
Everybody stops talkin’ an’ watches
us.

  “Come right in, gents,” we says.
“Yuh shore are welcome ter the
Corner. Step up an’ meet the
outfit.”

  Swingin’ the door wide open, we
ushers in two new hombres. One is
a tall, lanky, sort o’ slow-lookin’
jasper with a big chaw o’ terbaccer
bulgin’ in his cheek.

  The other is a short, bow-legged,
peppery-lookin’ waddy with freckles
an’ a grin thet does an hombre’s
heart good jest ter look at.

  “Gents,” we says, “takin’ each o’
the newcomers by the arm an’
leadin’ ’em up under the light, so’s
all the others kin git a good look at
’em, “meet Hungry Hawkins an’
Rusty Bolivar—a couple o’ cow-
punch Texas Rangers who yo’re
goin’ ter see a hull lot of, from now
on out. Hungry an’ Rusty, meet
the bunch!”

  First off, the two Rangers is a
142

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

bit flustered. But the gang steps up
an’ gives ’em the glad hand pronto.
In a couple o’ minutes, anybody’d
’a’ thought thet they’d all been
pards fer life. Them two gun-
slingin’ Rangers fits right inter the
Corner like they does in a saddle.

  We shuffles through the stack o’
mail while they’re all gittin’ ac-
quainted. Then we raps on the
table an’ tells Hungry an’ Rusty a
little somethin’ about what the
Wranglers Corner is—how it’s a
place where all the waddies kin git
together every week an’ hear what
the readin’ hombres has ter say
about ’em.

  At last, we figures it’s time ter
git started. So we reaches down an’
grabs out a letter ter read. Here
it is:	*

  Dear Range Boss: I never cared much
for magazines, until I happened to pick up
a 3W some time ago. It belonged to my
brother, and he had just finished reading
it. I started in on it, and since then I’ve
been one of the regulars.

  Your W. W. W. would be the very best
in the country, if it wasn’t for Lum Yates.
I think that he is a flop.

  Tell that Bob Shaw hombre that I don’t
like him. What does he care if we read-
ers write in and criticize the magazine?
That’s what the Wranglers Corner is for,
isn’t it? Or am I wrong?

  Buck Foster would be the best-looking,
bravest, and smartest hombre on the
spread, if he was the only one on it. And
the same thing goes for that carrot-topped
Joe Scott. Tell ’em I said so.

  There are a few hombres who say that
Circle J should be left out of the maga-
zine every once in a while. I disagree
with ’em. If those pards weren’t in, I
wouldn’t read the magazine.

  I know that this letter won’t be printed,
because there really isn’t any such place
as the Wranglers Corner. However, good
luck to you, anyway.

  Yours till Buck Foster’s vest gets stolen,

  South Bend, Indiana.	Whoosis.

  Rusty Bolivar looks kind o’ puz-
zled at the way thet letter ends.

  “What’s he mean about there not
bein’ no sech place as this, Boss?”

he asks. “An’ what’s Buck Foster’s
vest got ter do with it?”

  We chuckles. “Yuh see, it’s this
way, Rusty,” we says. “A lot o’
folks gits the idea thet we make up
all the letters we reads here, our-
selves—thet we don’t really read the
letters thet come in from the readin’
hombres. As fer Buck’s vest—

waal, he’s got-”

  “He’s got a mangy, moth-eaten,
good-fer-nothin’ thing thet he wears
aroun’—an’ even sleeps in,” puts in
Joe Scott. “He’s always beefin’ an’
blowin’ about it, an’ tryin’ ter
smoke up hombres thet don’t think

it’s so good. He-”

  “Am thet so?” roars the battered
Circle J top hand. “I’ll be a horned
toad if this ain’t the best vest any
o’ yuh locoed rannihans ever seen
in yore misspent lives. Take a look
at it, yuh two Rangers, an’ see if
I ain’t right.”

  He stands up an’ holds out the
lower corner o’ thet famous vest.
Rusty looks at it. An’ jest then a
moth flies up past the little Ranger’s
face.

  Everybody laughs except Buck,
who stands there with his eyes
a-bulgin’ an’ the ends o’ his long
mustache aquiverin’. He can’t make
it out, nohow.

 But we winks at Sing Lo, the
chink cook o’ the Circle J outfit.
We seen him catch thet moth as it
fluttered aroun’ the lamp, a while
back. He let it go right under
Buck, an’ it looks like it comes from
the veteran’s vest.

  We gits on ter the rest o’ the mail
pronto, though, fer our time is shore
flyin’. Here’s the next one we
reads:

  Dear Range Boss: This is the second
letter I have written to the Wranglers Cor-
ner. You did not publish my first one,
but I am no quitter.

  That fellow, “Rae of LeRoy, Illinois,”
The Wranglers Corner

143

is all wet. I happen to be a particular
friend of Johnny Forty-five. If I could
meet up with that Rae jasper, I’d fill him
so full of holes he’d look like a sieve.

  He is just mad because he can’t be a
good poet like Johnny Forty-five. He has
to take his spite out on somebody.

  Boss, please put Johnny in more than
you do. He is a swell hombre.

  By the way, whatever happened to Sil-
ver Carroll? We would like to hear from
him again, pretty soon. Are you ever
going to have him in again? He was good,
and so was the Black Ace. Bring them
both back.

  All the other waddies on the spread are
good, except Jim Hazel. He isn’t so bad,
but I don’t like forest stories. Be sure to
have Kid Wolf and the Ranny Kid in
next week.

Yours till Buck turn sheep-herder,

Oakland, California. J. D. Dupree.

  Johnny Forty-five looks up an’
grins at us as we stops readin’. He
never says so, but he shore likes ter
have the readin’ hombres say good
things about him.

    “Boss, you tell J. D. Dupree
    Thet these words come from me:

    ‘I’m mighty glad yuh feel thet way,
    But don’t yuh be too hard on Rae.’ ”

  Hungry an’ Rusty looks over at
Jfchnny with their eyes bulgin’.
They ain’t never heard nothin’ like
thet afore, an’ don’t know what ter
make of it.

 “Don’t mind him, gents,” we
says, laughin’. “Thet’s jest the way
he alius acts. He’s plumb harmless,
in spite of his rhymin’—that is, to
his friends.”

  Then we picks up the next let-
ter, which same is:

  Dear Range Boss: We are sending you
this letter to tell you what we think of
the 3W spread. It is great stuff. We
like especially Kid Wolf and Sonny Tabor.

  As a whole, we think that the reading
hombres who bark about Buck Foster sure
have another guess coming. That old ran-
nihan is all right.

  Tell the Ranny Kid to plant a .45 slug
in his old enemy, Ad Bland. It’s the
only way he’ll ever be rid of him.

  Also, give Johnny Forty-five the hint
that he should leave that sood-for-noth-
ing George Krumm behind, the next time
he starts out on a job.

  Please print this letter in the Corner.

                  Yours truly,

  The Black Ace and the Scorpion.

  An’ then we comes ter this one:

  Dear Range Boss: This is my first let-
ter to you, although I have been reading
the 3W for over two years, and if I said I
enjoy reading the 3W stories, I wouldn’t
half express my feelings.

  One doesn’t have to be a stenographer
to chew gum excitedly when one is in the
midst of one of the 3W stories. Boy!
Give me that magazine and a good old-
fashioned rocker by a lamp, and will I be
good!

  Tell Stephen Payne to give Blondy a
break and write more about him. Walker
Tompkins sure puts it there, when it comes
to expressing haunts and weird screams.
A little more of Dan Pearson wouldn’t be
so hard to take.

  Say, I nearly forgot about Billy West,
Joe, and Buck. Why, they simply can’t
be beat! Wow, what a cast that wTould

make for a movie! And Sing Lo- Boy!

Me for that, instead of a Greta Garbo, any
time, and I’m a girl.

  Maybe because I was born on a farm
and did a lot of horseback riding that I’m
crazy about Western stories and horses.

  Well, if you don’t print this letter in
the Wranglers Corner, I won’t believe
there is one.	Yours truly,

Alice R. Rudnick.

  Chicago, Illinois.

 Thet one shore gives the hom-
bres a kick, although any mention
o’ bein’ in the movies kind of up-
sets ’em. They’re too plumb bash-
ful, we reckon, ter ever make good
actors.

 Then we has time fer jest one
more. Here it is, right out o’ the
bag:

  Dear Range Boss: This isn’t my first
letter to you, but I just had to write to
you again to let you know that I am still
a steady reader.

  My favorites are still the same: Kid
Wolf, Sonny, Johnny, and the Circle J.

  But this time I want to tell you about
144

Street & Smith’s Wild West Weekly

some of the other stories and characters
which I have enjoyed very much.

That Samuel Nickels sure puts action
and tang in his stories. His “Guns of So-
nora” and “Ranger Talkin’ ” were two of
the best stories I have ever read, because
they were different.

Well, so long. Hope the gang gets a
chance to hear this letter.

                     Yours truly,

OZZIE.

 Chicago, Illinois.

We sees then thet it’s time ter
adjourn the meetin’. But before we
do, we turns ter Hungry an’ Rusty
ag’in.

“Git ready,” we tells ’em, “ter

hear a flock o’ letters about yore-
selves pretty soon now. We got a
hunch thet plenty o’ the readin’
hombres will be writin’ in ter tell
what they think o’ yuh.”

  The two Rangers grin an’ allow
thet they’re ready fer anythin’.
Lookin’ at ’em, an’ rememberin’
some o’ the things they’ve done, we
kind of agree with ’em.

 Then the meetin’ is over. We
locks up the Corner an’ heads fer
home, anxious already fer next week
ter roll aroun’, bringin’ all the wad-
dies in ag’in. The Range Boss.

COMIN’ NEXT WEEK!

Maverick Brands

Novelette
By LEE BOND

A wanderin’ waddy from Montana horns inter a Southwestern range war—
which same heats up his six-guns considerable.

The Frame-up At Mustang

Novelette

By CLEVE ENDICOTT

Some tough, gun-slingin’ jaspers, who’ve got a plumb slick scheme fer gettin’
away with rustlin’, find out thet it’s durned unhealthy ter frame Circle J.

Sonny Tabor—Man Hunter

Novelette
By WARD M. STEVENS

Arizona’s most hunted hombre hits the trail o’ some murderin’ skunks an’
gives his Colts free rein at the clean-up, but the sheriff don’t appreciate

his help.

Also stories of Hungry an’ Rusty, by Samuel H. Nickels; Lum
Yates, by Collins Hafford—and other characters.

ALL STORIES COMPLETE	15 CENTS A COPY

ORDER IN ADVANCE FROM YOUR NEWS DEALER

WW—9D
Money

Back

Guarantee

  Accept my liberal 10-
  day trial offer. See for
  yourself the wonderful
  bargain this famous Un-
  derwood really is. Your
  deposit returned at once
  it you arc not perfectly
  satisfied. Send now.

 Over 100,000
    Satisfied
    Customers

 International Typewriter Exchange

 231 West Monroe St., Chicago, III., Dept. 204

 Please send the typewriter marked below, F. 0. B.
 Chicago, at the special reduced price for 10-day
 Trial. I am enclosing $1.00 deposit on the Un-
 derwood No. 5 at $47.90 (term price); Corona
 No. 11 at $12.90 (term price) with the under-
 standing that if I am not perfectly satisfied I
 can return it Express Colled and gel my de-
 posit hack. If 1 keep it I will pay $.'1.00 a
 month until I have paid the (term price) in full.
 Underwood
 No. 5

 r | Corona
 I_I No. 3

 Name

Town .........................Slate

 yours for Only

   Hurry! Only a very limited number of these Brand
   New Coronas available at this Special Low Price

   and Easy Terms. Here’s your chance to own a wonderful na-
   tionally advertised Corona at a real bargain. Has up-to-date
   improvements and carries our regular New Machine Kuarantee.
   Sent on 10-day trial. (IT you decide lo keep it send only $3, a
   month until the special low price of $42.90 i term price) is paid.)

10 Days Trial

  Think of it—over 2 million buyers paid $102.50 (cash) for
  this model No. 5 now offered dlrect-to-you at way below %
  original price—and on easiest terms besides. Positively the
  greatest bargain ever offered. Accept the special 10 day
  trial offer and be convinced. See the neat, perfect work it
  does—compare its bright, shiny looks without risk. Recog-
  nized as the finest, strongest typewriter built.

BS^D CORONA

On Easy
Terms

 10

 Day

 Trial

Now

 Only

 Easy Terms-Only 10c a Day

 Think of it—a genuine late model Under-
 wood No. 5 reduced lo $42.90 (cash).
 Send only $1 deposit for a 10-day Trial.
 Then only ll)c a day on my easy year-to-
 pay plan. Use and enjoy your typewriter
 all the time. Hemcniber this famous No. i)
 Underwood all renewed and refinished is
 without question one of the greatest values
 ever offered.

Only In

Learn Touch Typewriting FREE

mazing low price

Thi

Manufactured to sell originally

Learn Touch typewriting. Complete Home Study
Course of the Famous Van Sant Touch Typewriting
System, fully illustrated, given during this offer,
Easily learned. Used in schools, business offices
everywhere.
“I Saved Six Orders and
Made $90 in One Day. . .

Thanks to this Pocket Volume!”

/’VE only been selling . about a
year. When I broke in, though
I realized that trained salesmen
are the highest paid men in the world,
I expected the going to be hard at
first. It was—a lot harder than I’d
expected, even. At the end of six
months I was commencing to get
discouraged. I certainly hadn’t made
a flop of it—but I wasn’t getting the
resr' 1 should have had.

   Naturally, seeing other fellows
who started right with me go right
ahead, I realized something was
wrong. A particularly disheartening
thing was the fact that at times I’d
be right on the point of closing a
good-sized order—and all of a sud-
den, it would go “flop.” In fact, it
kept happening all the time. I was
doing something, I knew, that was
killing those sales.

   Finally I decided that I had to
do something. I had been hearing a
lot about National Salesmen’s Train-
ing Association. But I’d never in-
vestigated them. Then, one day, ]
read one of their announcements. I
was amazed to find how comprehen-
sively they covered the training of
salesmen. Furthermore, they an-
nounced that they were sending a
most unusual volume, “The Key to
Master Salesmanship” to ambitious
men who asked for it—not only ex-
perienced salesmen, but men who
•''-d never sold, but wanted a chance
this highly paid field.

   KL,.;irally, I wrote for it—it seemed
to me ...at Here was the certain solu-
tion to the errors f had been making.
Imagine my surprise—and interest—
when there arrived, not only one
book but two. To this day I can’t
decide which of those books helped
me most. The little book which I
had not been expecting was just
what I needed at the time. It was

Ing’s work, plus the advice of a little
book that cost me nothing!

    Of course, that set me to thinking.
 If that one piece of knowledge could
 make me $90, how much would I make
 out of having all the knowledge which
 the National Salesmen’s Training Asso-
 ciation could give me? It didn’t take
 long to figure that one out, either ! I
 was enrolled for the full training that
 same night ; and the next two weeks
 saw my sales record soar. Not a min-
 ute of time lost—I studied just in
 spare hours but I learned things in
 those spare hours that I’d never have
 picked up, just by my own experience.

Today, I find amazing increase in

  A NEW AND FINER EDITION

   Thousands who read the original
-edition of “The Key to Master
salesmanship" are men who todav
are among the leaders of successful
selling. Today, in addition to “Mis-
takes Commonly Made in Selling ”
we are sending “The Key to Master
Salesmanship,” in its new and finer
edition, the product of years of
salesmanship research, FREE to
salesmen. Real ambition, and a de-
sire to make the most of salesman-
ship, are all you need
to get this volume.

Simply mail the cou-
pon and it will be,
sent to yoiij with
our own copy of
Mistakes Com
ily Made in
ing.”

written for men just like me—men
who had been plugging along in
salesmanship—never successful, never
so hopeless that they quit selling.
And while “The Key to Master
Salesmanship” gave me an insight
into the real secrets of salesman-
ship, the other book, “Mistakes Com-
monly Made in Selling” was the one
I could first get practical use from.

  Right in the first few pages, I saw
some examples quoted. They were
things I had been doing every day.
I’d never dreamed they were dan-
gerous errors. The more I thought
about them, the more clear it became,
though, why I was having such diffi-
culty with my closes. I thought to
myself : “By golly, that’s why Barnes
decided to put off buying, this very
afternoon!” I kept 011 thinking of
men whose orders I had
lost, through just that
very mistake. There
were six of them.

                                    the volume of my
sales now over
what they were
a year ago. Then
I was selling
only about 40%
of my quota—this month, with a quota
twice as high as it used to be, I’m 50%
over! And you know what quantitv
production means when the bonus
checks roll around!

   Today any man who wants to see
how to end some of his biggest sales
weaknesses can learn from this book
some of the most frequent mistakes
which spoil 3ales, and get practical
suggestions how lo end them. Not a
penny of obligation—“Mistakes Com-
monly Made in Selling” is now FREE
to any ambitious man. At the same
time we will send you, also free, the
new and finer edition of “The Key to
Master Salesmanship,” which since its
publication has been read by many
men who have got into the biggest p; ‘
class of salesmanship. Write for both
these valuable volumes now—the cou-
pon will bring them by return mail.

  NATIONAL SALESMEN’S
  TRAINING ASSOCIATION

Dept. B-1124, 21 W. Elm St., Chicago, III.

  The next morning I
sallied out, bright and
early to see if I couldn’t
save thos^ sales, using
the tips given me. Be-
fore noon, I had put the
practical suggestions of
that little book to work
—and sure enough, in
every case, I made the
sale which I had
thought was gone glim-
mering. Six sales saved
—at $15 commission
apiece, that was $90
made, by one morn-

National Salesmen’s Training Association
I Dept. B-1124, 21 W. Elm St.,

 Chicago, 111.

    Without obligation to me, please send me “Mis-
takes Commonly Made in Selling,” as well as “The ^
Key to Master Salesmanship,” and full details of
your various service features, including your Free
i Employment Service.

’ Name........................•............

I	|

* Address...................................iT77~~r~

| City..................

t Age.......Occupation.

 I