
CHARLES ATLAS, {Dept. 34J2)	i

133 East 23rd Street, New York City.

I want the proof that your system of Dynamic-Tension will give |
me, too, a healthy, husky body and big muscle development. Send
me your free book, “Everlasting Health and Strength."

(Please print.or write plainly)

JTpR0VEIN7DAV$

that I can make

CHARLES ATLAS

Holder of the title of
“The World’s Most Per-
fectly Developed Man,”
uwnrd»J to intern ubnnl
conpftt, with ALL strong
m£? WMpg t." iimpete
wlw fmTlWW’rn-.v.i nx-H -

ern method <•!' Dynamic-
Tenaiort developed him

from a 97-pound weakling
to the physical ideal of
health and strength shown
in this new photo.

YOU

0	NEW MAN!

                                   By CHARLES ATLAS

                                 The World’s Most Perfectly Developed Man”

                                        All I want is one week to prove that I can give
                                        you a powerful body of might and muscle like mine
                                        —with my quick Dynaaiic-Tension method.

                                        Here’s all you do:

                                            Just jot down your name and address on the coupon be-
                                                   low, mail it to me—and I’ll send you, absolutely free, a copy
                                                   of my new book. "Everlasting Health and Strength.”
                                                   It reveals the secrets that turned me from a 97 pound, flat-
                                                   chested weakling into a husky fellow who won the title of
                                                   •'The World’s Most Perfectly Developed Man” against all
                                                   comers! And it shows how I can build you into an “Atlas
                                                   Champion" the same easy way.

                                                      It tells the fascinating story of how I've taken under-
                                                      developed, flabby, no-muscle men of all ages and given them
                                                      big powerful muscles, increased-measurcments all over,
                                                      amazing strength, endurance, vitality and pep—all in a few
                                                      minutes of spare time daily at home.

                                                   Thousands of fellows all over the world have used my
                                                   methods—and now you can too. Like them, you can put
                                                   on firm layers of muscle where you need it most, tone up your
                                                   whole system, banish constipation, poor digestion, bad
                                                   breath, pimples and other ailments that rob you of the good
                                                   things and good times of life, and get the “drive" that’ll
                                                   take you to the top of the ladder.

                                     Easy My Way

                                                       1	haven’t any use for apparatus; I don't dose you or doc-
                                                       tor you. Dynamic-Tension is all I need. It’s the natural,
                                                       tested method for developing real men inside and out. It
                                                       distributes added pounds of powerful muscles over your
                                                       body, gets rid of ailments and surplus fat, and gives you the
                                                       vitality, strength and pep that win you the admiration of
                                                       every woman and the respect of any man.

                                Accept My FREE BOOK

                                                   Why be only 50';, of the man you can be? Send NOW for
                                                   a free copy of my new large illustrated book loaded with
                                                   pictures of myself and others who have used my secret
                                                   methods. Read what I did for them. And find out what I
                                                   can do for YOU. Don’t put off becoming the husky, big-
                                                   muscled NEW MAN you can be! Mail the coupon TODAY.

                                               Address me personally. CHARLES ATLAS(Dept. 3412)
                                               133 East 23rd Street, New York City.
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

145

No win Oar
New Home

This is our new. fire-
proof. modem home
wherein la installed
thousands of dol-
lars’ worth of the
newest and most
modern Electrical

Equi pmentofallkinds.i
Every comfort »ndj
convenience b*a been

to get into ELECTRICITY

          Don’t spend your life waiting for $5 raises in a dull, hopeless job. Now... and
          forever ... say good-bye to 25 and 35 dollars a week. Let me show you how

fearn

                                           practical expert in 90 days!
Getting into Electricity is far easier than you imagine!

Without lessons 90^

 By Actual Work-in the Great Shops of Coyne

 Lack of experience—age, or ad-
 vanced education bars no one.

 I don’t care if you don’t know
 an armature from an air
 brake—I don't expect you
 ♦‘’I I don’t care if you’re
 iJyearsoldor48— it makes
 nodifferencelDon’tletlack
 of money stop you. Mostof
 the men at Coyne have no
 more money than you have.

 EARN WHILE
 YOU LEARN

 If yon should need part-
 time work while at school
 to help pay expenses.

 I’ll assist you to it. Then,
 in 12 brief weeks, in the
 -'great roaring shops of
 Coyne, I train you as yon
 never dreamed yon could
 be trained on a gigantic
 outlay of electrical appa- _____
 ratus... costing hundreds	“

 of thousands of dollars . .. real
 dynamos, engines, power plants,
 autos, switchboards, transmitting
 stations .. . everything from door-
 bells to farm power and lighting
 ... full-sized ... in full operation
 every dayl

 NoBooks-NoPrlnted Lessens

 No books, no baffling charts ... all
 real actual work . . . right here in
 the great Coyne school... building

NT IT

 hundreds of

 Here are a few _

 poaitionsopento________

 men. Oar free employment
 bureau give* you lifetime em-
 ployment service.

 Armature Export, to COO aWk.
 Subetatton Operator

 Aato Elcetrid.n * 10*«*We?E
 Inventor.... ......Unlimited

 Service Station Owner

up to CW a Week

Radio Expert up to <100 a Week

real batteries . .. winding real
armatures, operating real mo-
tors, dynamos and generators,
wiring houses, etc.. etc.
That’s a glimpse of how
wemakeyouamaster prac-
tical electrician in 90 days,
teachingyoufar more than
the average ordinary elec-
trician ever knows and fit-
ting yon to step into jobs
leading to big pay immedi-
ately after graduation.
Here, in this world-famous
Parent school— and no-
where else in the world—
can yon get this trainingl

JobS'Pay-Future

Dont’ worry about a job,
Coyne training settles the
job question for life. De-
mand for Coyne men often
exceeds the supply. Our

employment bureau gives you a lifetime
service. Two weeks after graduation,
Clyde F. Hart got a position as electrician
for the Great Western Railroad at over$100
a week. That’s not unusual. We can point
to Coyne men making up to $600 a month.
$60 a week is only the Deginn ing of y our op-
portunity. You can go into radio, battery,
or automotive electrical business for your-
self and make up to $16,000 a year.

GET THE FACTS

 Coyne is yonr one great chance to get into
 electricity. Every obstacle is removed.
 This Bchool is 30 years old—Coyne train-
 ingis tested—proven beyond alldoubt—en-
 dorsed by many large electrical concerns.
 You can find out everything absolutely
 free. Simply mail the coupon and let me
 send you tie big, free Coyne book of 160
 photographs... facts... jobs... salaries

 ... opportunities. Tells you how
 many earn expenses while train-
 ing: and how we aaslat ou r grad-
 uate* in the fiekL This does not
 obligate you. So act at one©.

 Joat mall coupon.

Get This
FREE Booll

ELECTRICAL SCHOOL

 Mr. H. C. LEWIS, PrMldent

 COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL, Dept. 31-SI

 500 S. Paulina St., Chicago, 111.

 De&r Mr. Lewt*:

 Without obligation Bend me your big free catalog and
 all details of your Free Employment Scrrke, Radio,
 Aviation Electrldty.and AutomotiveCouraM,and
 bow I can "cam while learning.”

Nam*..............................................
WINTER
FAMMORTUNE,

    * RADIO/'

                                          Don’t spend your life slaving away In some dull, hopeless job! Don’t be sat-
                                          isfied to work for a mere $20or $30 a week. Let me show you how to make
                                          real money in Radio—the fastnt-growlog, biggest moneymaking game on earth!

              THOUSANDS OF JOBS ARE OPEN

                      Paying $60, $70 and on up to $200 a Week

                                         Jobs as Designer, Inspector and Tester, paying $3,000 to $10,000 a year—aa
                                         Radio Salesman and in Service and Installation Work, at $45 to $100 a week
                                         —as Operator or Manager of a Broadcasting Station, at $1,800 to $5,000 a year—
                                         as Wireless Operator on a Ship or Airplane, as a Talking Picture or Sound
                                         Expert-THOUSANDS of JOBS Paying $60, $70 and on up to $200 a WEEK!

LcamWithoat Lessons in 60 Bays

 You learn ATiTj hranrhps of	went, the very latest Television appara-	opportunities to the Trained Radio man.

                                          tns, Talking Picture and Sound Reproduc-	Here is a great new field of Radio that

IvaaiO at M)yne — in O snort,	tion equipment, Code Practice equipment,	has just started to grow! PrepareNOW

pleasant Weeks_NOT BY	etc- IOU don't need advanced education	for these marvelous opportunities!

r*AT>T5T7’C!Dn\TT'\rXT/'''r v,,.	or Previous experience. We give you—	Learn Radio Sound Work at Coyne,

LUKKiiibrUJNlJiliJNOiii, but by	right here In the Coyne Shops—all the	on actual Talking Picture and Sound

actual work on actual Radio,	actual practice and experience you’ll need.	Reproduction equipment.

Sffi: television «S«552f5-S

useless theory. We give you	Jm on the WflV I	ing settles the iob question for life. Yoa

just the practical trainingyou	^ now Television i8 on toe wfy! ^

 Will need—in O weeks tline.	there’ll be a demand for THOUSANDS of	while at school to help pay expenses we’ll

                                   TELEVISION EXPERTS! The man who	gladly help you get it. Coyne Is 31

NA RAAlTC * NA | ACCAnC	learns Television NOW can make a FOR-	years old! Coyne Training is tested—

w	TUNE in this great new field. Get in on	proven beyond all doubt. You can find

All Pvartiral WavIt at CavHA the ground-floor of this amazing new Ra-	out everything ABSOLUTELY FREE.

All ridiuui MUI/UC	dio development! Learn Television at	JUST MAIL COUPON FOR MY

Coyne is NOT a Correspondence	COYNE on the very latest, newest Tele- BIG FFtEE BOOK.

School. We don’t teach you from	vl”on eqniPment- I-----------—■

■books or lessons. We tram you on Tflllfifip PictnrM I S’PreSdeot n	.

the greatest outlay of Radio, Tele- *	rii-lUrC* Radj° Dmsion, Coyne Electrical School

vision and Sound equipment in any A Great Field	I Paulina st. Depta-*H Chicago, in.
school — on scores of modem Ra- Talking Pictures and Public Address [ ,8“* ™ your Big Free RadioiBook and J

 dio Receivers, huge Broadcasting equip- Systems offer thousands of golden	■ 5JL deta'1®. “ y°nr Special Introductory |

6	J Offer. This does not obligate me in any j

H. C. LcwU, Prcj. RitiUO Dil/isiOtt	Founded 1S99

Coyne Electrical School jj

500 S. Paulina Street Dept.2I-8H Chicago, Illinois j Address................................ (

■'»	~ ' -	City...................State............ I

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
148

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  I TALES	QVEST

  or	OF THT.

  SECRET	SACRED

  EGYPT	SUFgCB
  SAXKCJttOK

  Vo) 6	Vol.7

 'HiMoBS RHuaK k«no of
 np.pu DR. FU FU DOPE

 MAKCHU MANCHU MANCHtf -

f> “''Oh-VW SAXP;KJ4L' uxrohhes

  YELLOW

 CLAW

 McKinlay, Stone & Mackenzie,D,£ !*1

SICK at heart the trembling girl shuddered at the
words that delivered her to this terrible fate of the
East. How could she escape from this Oriental
monster into whose hands she had been given—this
mysterious man of mighty power whose face none
had yet seen?

Here is an extraordinary situation. What was to be the
fate of this beautiful girl? Who was this strange emissary
whom no one really knew?

To know the answer to this and the most exciting tales of
Oriental adventure and mystery ever told, read on through
the most thrilling, absorbing, entertaining and fascinating
pages ever written.

Masterpieces of Oriental Mystery

11 Superb Volumes by SAX ROHMER
                Written with his uncanny knowledge of things Oriental

 TTERE you are offered no ordinary mystery stories. In these
 books the hidden secrets, mysteries and intrigues of the
 Orient fairly leap from the pages. Before your very eyes
 spreads a swiftly moving panorama that takes you breathless from
 the high places of society—from homes of refinement and luxury to
 sinister underworlds of London and the Far East—from Piccadilly
 and Broadway to incredible scenes behind idol temples in far off
 China—to the jungles of Malay, along strange paths to the very
 seat of Hindu sorcery.

11 Mystery Volumes Packed With Thrills!

 Be the first in your community to own these, the most wonderful
 Oriental mystery stories ever published—books that have sold by
 the hundred thousand at much higher prices—books you will enjoy

 reading over and over again. Handsomely bound in substantial

 cloth covers, a proud adornment for your table or shelf.

 These are the son of stories that President Wilson, Roosevelt and
 other great men read to help them relax—to forget their bur- A
 dens. To read these absorbing tales of the mysterious East is wA
 to cast youi worries into oblivion—to increase your efficiency.^ ■

        Priced for Quick Sale	f

 Printing thtit volumes by the hundred thousand when piper f
 was cheap makes this low price possible. Only a limited a” Dept.
 Dumber left. Don’t lost a minute!	^ 117

Complete Sets Free on Approval f 1-31

 You needn’t send a cent. Simply mail the coupon f McKJNLAY,
 and this amazing set will go to	•	. ▼

  you immediately, all charges
  prepaid. If it fails to

delight you, re-	________

                          ~	Ploue send me on approval,

      all charges prepaid, your special
      •et of Masterpieces of Oriental My*-
      tcry, in 11 handsomely bound cloth
      volume*. If after 10 days’ free examina-
      tioo I am delighted, I will send you Ji.oo
      promptly aod $1.00 a month for ooly 14
      months; when you receive ray fim payment
      you are tosetxi me the Gurkha Kukri without

STONE &
MACKENZIE
114 E. l6thSt.,N. Y.

        extra cost. Otherwise. I will return the set in 10
 «V days at your expense, the examination to cost me
 nothing.

      Octtfstim .

Ap: 0*w Jit.....,..........................IhJ# ul.,

mm tta FOR CASH DEDUCT 5% |

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  I

  i

J
WINTER

                      1931

  Quarto*?

WONDER FACTS

      By HUGO GERNSBACK

V
The Scarlet Planet

by Don M. Lemon

IN another moment the great Hcrsovitch-Chang
planet-plane had docked in a shallow bowl be-
tween two low wooded hills, and before opening
an air port the little crew took an atmospheric
test of the strange scarlet world on which they
had arrived. To their astonishment and gratifi-
cation they found the atmosphere very similar to
that of the middle lands of the temperate zone
of the earth in early spring.

  “A land-leave, little corporal!” cried Bailee.
“A three hour land-leave! I’m so ship-sour my
liver feels like hell’s vacuum cleaner.”

 “Amen to that,” growled Hal-Al. “What’s
three hours when we’ve nothing to do here but
grease a chair with our own fat.”

  Davidson considered the situation. Hal-Al,
Bailee and himself, were all that remained of a
crew of ninety. The others, with one exception,
had perished on the planet Kopex located about
a half x-ometer* distant, where this unit had
gone in search of a suitable world to which to
send a colony of Arctic Americans from the over-
flowing earth. Davidson had accompanied this
expedition-unit in a minor position as corporal,
on condition that he should be allowed the pri-
vilege of making certain scientific notes for the
Bolivia Geographical Society, that was then en-
gaged at the difficult task of mapping the little
known third myriad; but his real purpose for

  •A new method of aatronantical measurement equal to ten times
the earth-sun distance or 980.000,000 miles.

Illustrated by Paul

  Quickly attaching himself by a chain to a tor-
pedo harpoon he had shot himself into celestial
space.

joining the party was to run down a rumor that
the Master Criminal C-X had been seen on the
planet Kopex. At the last balloting of the secret
Ninety-Nine, Davidson had drawn Circle 27, and
as Kopex fell just within this circle it was his
great privilege and danger to search on that
planet for the Master Criminal of the cosmic
universe The removal of C-X by death or cap-
ture would serve to promote Davidson to the
front ranks of that noble organization. Here was
a prize worthy of his attention.

  But the annihilation of the entire expedition-
unit, except four of its members, and the immin-
ent danger of death to the latter, had caused
Davidson to abandon Kopex and turn back for
reinforcements towards Xea. A chance remark
by Bailee that the planet on which they had just
landed was as scarlet as 4-X-Olite had aroused
the corporal’s curiosity and he had docked the
plane for a brief inspection of the soil of this
strange, colossal world floating in the emptiness
of cosmic space.

  Since the supreme scientific mind of the earth,
Thor Maximus, had discovered the salts of 4-X-
Olite early in the thirty-second century, the color
scarlet had become the predominant color in the
minds of all men, for the salts of 4-X-Olite, the
proper use of which increases the life of man
almost indefinitely,* are of a warm, passionate
scarlet.

  The fancy had seized Davidson that this scar-
let planet might derive its color from some crude
form of 4-X-Olite in its soil. This super-precious
substance was becoming yearly rarer on all the

    •They were discovered to counteract the destructive effect of coamic
rays on the human body—which wear out tissues and cause death by
old age.
THE SCARLET PLANET

known planets, and its value increasing propor-
tionately. A few ounces of it would make a man
financially independent for a decade, and being
in but modest pecuniary circumstances, the little
corporal was not adverse to any adventure, with
honor, which might offer to increase his income.

  “Very well,” consented Davidson. “Three
hours land leave, but a day in the dikes of New
Asia for every minute you overstay leave.” From
an observatory window in the super-planet-plane
he saw his companions leap up-
on the scarlet grass with two
radiocycles and make away on
their wheels like schoolboys
released from school. He en-
vied them their youth, their ex-
uberance of spirit, their very
limit of intelligence, though they
were not fools by any means.

  In mentality they ranked only
12bx and 12cx respectively,

Hal-Al shading just above his
friend Bailee by reason of his
slightly superior concentration.

Davidson ranked 37hx, which
was greatly superior to that of
the younger men, but when he
considered such minds as Chang
O’Riley and Coli Toro who
ranked 107x he fd£ that he had
n o sufficient

grounds
any self
tery.

for

 flat-

DON M. LEMON

and hurried into the t-h-tube, the other men
thinking that he wished merely to satisfy him-
self about some machinery there which he had
shortly before brought under discussion.

  But quickly attaching himself by a chain to a
torpedo-harpoon he had shot himself into celes-
tial space. They took a thirty second tele-cine-
ma of his flight on the harpoon as evidence of the
fact, to turn in with the planet-plane log, and
closed the incident of his suicide in their minds.

  This man Jaquet had not
been accepted for the expedi-
tionary-party to Kopex, but had
stowed himself away in a ther-
mo-jacket in an evaporated-food
refrigerator, and had not been
discovered till the plane was an
x-ometer distant from the
earth. He had then succeeded
in entertaining the crew with a
magnificent word-panorama of
a seven years journey across the
Milky Sahara, that was believed
to divide the material world
from the semi-material or quasi-
spiritual. Possibly the man
was only circumnavigating his
own hat, but then a first-rate liar
is ever more entertaining com-
pany than a prosy truth teller.

  The greatest

 IN many ways the present story is one of the most unu-
 sual we have had the pleasure to publish. Not alone
 because it is completely realistic and the characters are
 persons that we can feel and think with; but also because
 the experiences they pass through and the way they
 handle them has the stamp of truth.

   Men who range into the unknown will find that they
 must leave their politeness and culture behind them; they
 will,on other planets, have to deal with the raw, elemental
 things in life; and have to adjust themselves to a com-
 pletely new kind of existence.

   Some men will crack under the strain of fighting un-
 known, unseen forces on a strange world. Some will go
 mad, others will give way to cowardice and still others
 will show unsuspected heroism and powers for leader-
 ship. Besides giving us a world of new knowledge, and
 changing our conceptions of our Universe therefore, in-
 terplanetary travel will certainly keep our race young,
 strong and versatile.

    As a “different” story, we present this for the approval
 of our readers.

Three hours

passed —
four — five —
but the absent
men did not re-
turn, nor send
a radio mes-
s a g e. There
seemed nothing
for Davidson to
do about the
situation but
wait, and wait-
ing under ten-
sion is a hard
game to play,
p a r t i c u-
larly when one
waits alone.

The little cor-
poral found it
so, but it was
not his fault he
was alone.

  All the planet-plane’s crew, except himself,
Hal-Al, Bailee, and one Jaquet, had been taken
in a trap set by the inhabitants of the planet
Kopex, and had perished. These four had fled
back to the plane and proceeded towards Xea
for reinforcements. On the way the man Ja-
quet had choose to release himself of material
existence. He had got up from dinner one day

book in the
world is the
Thousand and
Two American
Nights by Sing
Hop Smith
which is true
only to the uni-
versal truth of
pure entertain-
ment.

 S uddenly
Davidson gave
a shout, at sight
of a little dis-
tress-parachute
from his absent
friends floating
towards the
planet - plane.
He raced up to
the foredeck
and springing
into the small
but powerful
Veda hydro-ter-
ra scout plane,*
rose like a
hawk after a bird. He seized the parachute and
returned to the foredeck of the planet-plane.
Here he hastily examined the white silk message
tag sewed into the parachute. In Hal-Al’s hur-
ried but legible handwriting was the startling
communication, Save yourself, we are lost.

151

•Operated by atomic disintegration.
152	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Davidson’s jaw stiffened and he glanced be-
hind him. There were two supply chests aboard
the hydro-terra, which would allow him to re-
main away from the planet-plane for several
weeks, and he need never touch the ground in
that time, since he could set the plane to con-
tinue automatically in a circle aloft while he
slept.

  He decided to use the little H-T in scouting
for the missing men, as it would be far less con-
spicious than the great planet-plane. Rushing
below and seeing that Chang and Chow (the cat
and dog mascots aboard the planet-plane) had a
liberal supply of food and water, he pressed the
key that closed every ingress to the plane but
the foredeck door, so that no one unfamiliar with
the plane could gain an entrance. He then re-
turned to the foredeck, closing the door after
him and setting the secret combination from the
outside which fastened this door.

Missing!

STEPPING into the Veda scout plane he shot
up into the bright air, recalling as he did that
the days of this colossal planet were each equal
to six months of earth time, and he had little
cause to be anxious about the coming night, still
many weeks distant.

  He headed in the direction from which the dis-
tress parachute had approached, and flew rather
low, straining every nerve to locate the missing
men, or some clew to their whereabouts. Short-
ly he made out two radiocycles* stacked against
a tree. The men had probably left them to go
on for a ways afoot and reconnoiter, and had
been captured. He dropped lower, sized up the
situation, considered it worth the chance of at-
tack to regain the radiocycles. Nosing down
and avoiding the tree branches, he grappled the
machines with the automatic tongs and shot up-
wards with the two light but powerful wheels
clutched safely underneath the plane. He hoist-
ed them aboard. They showed no evidence that
the men had been attacked while riding. Evi-
dently they had been caught afoot after heed-
lessly leaving their machines.

  A little further on he came upon evidence that
made him groan. His binoculars showed him all
the clothing of the two missing men scattered
along the ground over an area of not more than
fifteen square meters. Had they been stripped
naked and taken on from here as prisoners, or
had they fought to their death, and until every
garment had been torn from their bodies?

  Landing, he recovered the clothing, but found
no message from the men. He ran the plane
slowly along the ground and succeeded in distin-
guishing some faint footprints, which continued
about ten meters. Then these footprints ceased as
abruptly as if the two naked prisoners had been
lifted up into the air, or carried down into the
earth.

  He could find no evidence of any entrance into
the earth, and he questioned if this planet pos-
sessed airplanes, for he had not seen any bird or
living thing capable of flying since he had landed

•A vehicle of two wheels propelled by the disintegration of radiolite—
a radium compound.

on this great scarlet world. And it had long
been postulated by no less an authority than
Ramey, that the super-intelligence of any planet
of the third myriad could not rise in mechanics
above the mechanical suggestion of the animal
creatures and vegetable growth, or mineral form-
ation, of that planet. So if the two men had not
been carried into the air or underground, they
must have been lifted into some form of vehicle
propelled along the ground.

  He now came on four separate indentations in
the ground, which he judged must have been
made by four unicycles, or similar conveyances.
He found he must take a chance and continue
running along the ground, as these tracks were
too faint to be distinguished from a height no
greater than the low tree-tops.

  He had proceeded some distance across a roll-
ing and slightly wooded country, when he sight-
ed four sphere-like objects, three of which were
about four meters in diameter, while the fourth
was half again as large. Thesfr spheres were
gliding, not rolling, along at the slow pace of not
over fifteen miles an hour. He had all along
been distressed with the fear that perhaps he had
taken the wrong direction and had followed the
tracks coming and not going, but it now appeared
luck had favored him.

  For a moment he was almost persuaded to re-
treat, speed back to the planet-plane, and re-
turning in that great super-machine,* swoop
down on these spheres and scoop them up like
four marbles. But should he let them from his
sight five minutes he might not again be able to
locate them, as they could disappear into some
secret underground passage. Then, too, it might
prove a foolish piece of business to take these
spheres aboard the planet-plane till he was bet-
ter informed of their power.

  He decided to remain in the little H-T and
make an attack from the air. Rising, he ripped
the silence with a scream from the siren, then
shot away to a distance of about two hundred
meters, and, without landing, scanned the spheres
through his binoculars to learn the effect of the
siren on the ears of the enemy.

  He gave a shout. The spheres had come to a
sudden stop, no doubt to seek the cause of the
noise. Immediately they formed into a square,
each about ten meters distant from the other,
then Davidson’s jaw fell in utter amazement.
He could not credit it. He examined his binocu-
lars and looked again. It was true! Out in the
open, on the level ground, the four spheres, three
of them at least four meters in diameter, and
the fourth larger, had totally disappeared.

CHAPTER II

The Struggle Ap».inst Darkness

DAVIDSON shot ahead and hung at a height
of about thirty meters directly above where
he had last seen the four spheres, but they had
vanished like bursted bubbles.

“Must have dropped through a trap in the

•The super-planet-plane has this name to distinguish it from ordinary
interplanetary ships. It’s about 800 feet long and 200 feet across
and operated by atomic engines.
THE SCARLET PLANET	153

ground,” was his terse yet uneasy comment to
himself.

  He mounted to a height of two hundred met-
ers and watcfead the country about for a sign of
their reappearance.

  Ten minutes later he saw them through the
binoculars, gliding orderly along, evidently hav-
ing come from some underground passage. He
might be mistaken in their identity, but as there
were four, and one larger than the others, he
was reasonably confident that these were the
spheres he was seeking.

  He decided on coming again above the enemy
to send a koto* bullet ripping down the edge of
the smaller sphere bringing up the rear, and
watch the effect. Perhaps some sort of port-
hole would be thrown open and he would know
better how to crack these great nuts. He stead-
ied his automatic and fired. The sphere that
had been hit slowed up, then stopped, and
through his binoculars he could see a slender
stream of bluish liquid pouring from its side.

  The three other spheres now stopped and,
coming back, glided about their injured compan-
ion, but no porthole of any kind, so far as he
could observe, was thrown open, and no living
creature came from the spheres. Yet from the
actions of the latter he was positive that there
was some living and sympathetic intelligence
housed in each one, and these were not merely
great metallic balls directed from a distance by
wireless or other means.

  The larger sphere placed itself about fifteen
meters ahead, while the two smaller uninjured
spheres ranged themselves close against the sides
of their injured companion, as if to guide or
bear it along, and they had proceeded scarcely
twenty meters in this manner when they vanished
completely and instantly in the open, as they
had done before, leaving Davidson in amazed
despair.

  He condemned himself severely for alarming
them twice, but what better could he have done
under the circumstances? He had not dared
drop a j—a-egg** on one of the spheres and blow
it apart, for his friends might have been in that
particular sphere. Since his bullet had penetra-
ted one sphere and crippled it, he decided, should
he locate the enemy again, to put a bullet into
the outer edges of the three other spheres and
cripple them all alike. Then they might not be
able to submerge or escape, and the living intel-
ligences within, would be compelled sooner or
later to expose themselves.

  It was an hour before he picked them up again,
after he had become desperate with the fear that
he had lost them entirely. He barely glimpsed
them along the border of a distant, scattered
wood, and giving instant pursuit quickly had
them again directly below the speedy H-T plane.
They were still proceeding with the larger sphere
ahead, and the injured sphere aided along by
its two companions. With three shots he ripped
a channel down the edge of each of the uninjured

    •An explosive bullet that generates a terriflo heat.

    **An Intensely explosive sholl which by the very vibratory effect of
its eiplosion causes almost a disintegration of its target.

spheres. This was the last time he proposed to
treat the enemy half-way civilly.

  A stream of bluish liquid began to spout from
each Sphere where his bullet had penetrated the
side, and now he gave a shout as a porthole was
opened in the largest and a human figure sprang
to the ground and made off towards the woods.
He gave a second shout as this figure was fol-
lowed by another human form. He was certain
these stark-naked figures were Hal-Al and Bail-
ee, making a break for liberty.

  He pressed the siren key, ripping the air with
a far-reaching and unmistakable half whistle,
half screech. The two runners stopped, looked
upwards, waved their arms towards the plane,
then vanished completely from view in an aston-
ishing cone or funnel of darkness thrown from
the larger sphere, exactly like light from a
searchlight. Davidson sent the two men the sir-
en call to turn to the left, but something seemed
to detain them in the impenetrable shaft of dark-
ness. He again gave the call, but they did not
come from the black ray, and acting with more
daring than caution, he dropped directly down
to the earth where he had last seen them, for-
getting to stop the engine in his haste.

HIS heedlessness saved him, for the instant he
came into the black ray he crumpled up in
his seat, unable to move a muscle, like a man
stricken with total paralysis. But the still ac-
tive engine drove the plane along the ground till
it was carried beyond the ray. Here he was
himself again.

  He got to his feet in rage. This sphere had
not only smothered his two helpless friends in
pitch darkness but had directed on them a ray
capable of temporarily paralyzing the man
caught in its vibration. But for the mere chance
that he had failed to stop his engine he would
not have escaped himself. He rose like a flash,
before he should again come into the enemy’s
range, and turning the nose of his plane on the
larger sphere played the cyclo-gun* directly up-
on it. The sphere rang like a great bell pound-
ed by a hundred hammers and began to spout all
over with little jets of blue liquid, but the black
ray continued to issue from its side and conceal
everything in its path.

  He now directed the cyclo-gun on the three
other spheres, riddling each one in turn. While
he was about it he proposed to make a thorough
business of crippling the enemy. This work ac-
complished with a dispatch almost equal to the
narrating, he awaited the next move of the foe.
He hesitated to make another move without some
regard to the immediate consequence. These
spheres possessed power of the most treacherous
nature, little to be suspected from their simple
appearance.

  The next move came. The three smaller
spheres glided rather uncertainly apart in a line
behind the largest sphere, as if they proposed to
proceed in single file, but when they stood about
ten meters apart the black ray issuing from the
larger sphere dimmed, faded, then ceased, and

•An automatic gun operated on a rotating pivot which shoots koto
bullets.
154	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

simultaneously all four spheres vanished as if
they had been mere illusions.

  No longer could Davidson believe that the
spheres had submerged into the ground. Ha
hung scarcely thirty meters overhead and he saw
no evidence of the earth receiving them. He
looked forward to where he had last seen Hal-
Al and Bailee, but he could not locate them,
though the belt of darkness had been wholly
withdrawn.

  There seemed but one means by which this
situation could have been achieved. These
spheres were playing upon one another, and on
the person of their escaped captors just ahead of
them, some powerful, mysterious ray of light
which caused everything in its path to become
invisible. He was simply looking through these
gliding globes as through a perfectly transpar-
ent pane of glass.

  He flew just above the spot where he had last
seen his friends which he judged would be the
direction taken by the invisible ray and removing
his cap dropped it from the plane. It turned
over, caught the air like a little parachute, then
vanished like a light snuffed out. It had fallen
into the ray that made everything invisible in its
path.

  He was puzzled how to act. These damaged
spheres could glide slowly forward, pick up the
two men lying helpless in their path, by reason
of the paralyzant ray still playing upon them,
then proceed on their way. He could not fol-
low the enemy concealed by this invisible ray
unless he could occasionally glimpse a rock or
tree disappear from sight in the path of the ray.

  Yet could the spheres proceed at all, riddled
as were their whole outer shells, if not their in-
ner, by his bullets? Would they not have to
play possum, lay quiet and wait for him to de-
part, or for help to arrive?

  But now he believed he saw the spheres pro-
ceeding slowly forward, four faint ghosts of ob-
jective matter. He followed, questioning if he
was not following his own illusions, and hesita-
ting to drop a j-a-egg amidst the three smaller
spheres lest his friends in the larger sphere might
be injured by the explosion, or be slain by the
enemy for his act.

They Retreat!]

HE continued to follow the four phantoril
spheres, till they came to the shore of a
river when they again leaped into perfect visibil-
ity. The invisible ray had been withdrawn, or
its power exhausted. In another moment the
naked figure of Hal-Al sprang from the larger
sphere, closely followed by that of Bailee.

  Both men dashed for the river, which was
scarcely thirty meters away, but before they
reached it a ray of darkness came from one of
the smaller spheres and smothered them in its
obscurity.

  Davidson shot down over this sphere and emp-
tied his automatic into the lens from which the
black ray proceeded. From within came the
squeal as of a frenzied pig, then the engineer
within the sphere seemed to go crazy. Like a
mad brain in a great round skull and spinning

wildly about, the sphere plunged into the river
and disappeared in a swirl of bubbles.

  Released from the paralyzant black ray, Hal-
Al and Bailee sprang up and plunged into the
water. Davidson gave a shout of gratification
and flashing above the larger sphere dropped a
j-a-egg just behind it and shot away like an ar-
row, before the force of the explosion could catch
him. The egg failed to shatter the sphere which
evidently was composed of some ductile material
that could be pierced but not shattered but sent
it spinning forward into the river, where it im-
mediately sank.

  He whirled about and returned to the scene,
slipping another clip of cartridges into his auto-
matic as he came. He must now depend on his
automatic for instant action as he had emptied
the cyclo-gun and had no more shells or j-a-eggs
but in one of the locked chests aboard.

  Two of the spheres remained, and he, might
not have any such luck with these as with the
others. He maneuvered above them; he dared
not charge them from the level or attempt to pick
up the men in the water, for should they once
succeed in directing the paralyzant ray upon him
he would be totally helpless; and with him out
of the fight Hal-Al and Bailee would be quickly
recaptured.

  He waited for the enemy’s next move, expect-
ing that they would make use of the black para-
lyzant ray to trap the two men in the water, but,
instead, they turned the invisible ray upon them-
selves and vanished in that mysterious light. He
strained his eyes and picked up their two faint
ghosts, gliding slowly away. They had funked
at last.

  He delayed a few moments, then dropped to
the surface of the water near where his friends
were visible, leaving a little power on so that the
hydro-plane would continue to run along the wa-
ter, should he become helpless. He called for
the men to clamber aboard.

  “Wow!” yelled Bailee, scrambling to the floor
of the plane, with Hal-Al beside him. “Let her
out, corporal, and we’ll come back with the flow-
ers.”

  The plane rose to a height of about one hun-
dred meters and the two dripping men sat up and
solemnly shook hands. Suddenly Bailee gave a
yell and pointed to the rail at his right.

CHAPTER III
The Vision

AS Bailee pointed a huge dripping, naked red
form of some half-human animal swung over
the rail to the floor of the hydro-terra. Then
Davidson saw a mass of naked legs, arms, thighs,
knotted in fierce combat, and heard the crack-
ing of sinews, snapping of teeth, and grunt of bat-
tle. From amongst the mass he picked a hide-
ous half-hog, half-serpent head and smashed at
it with a heavy wrench.

  The tangle unknotted itself and Hal-Al and
Bailee stood up. Seizing a coil of rope from a
pin, they proceeded to tie the human monster to
a bar of the plane, but he came to consciousness
without any warning and, expanding his hairy
THE SCARLET PLANET	155

chest and twisting his powerful limbs, snapped
his bonds. The two men sat on him and tied him
down with heavier cord, then squatting one on
each side began to curse him.

  Davidson well knew the versatility of his com-
panions in this respect. Their voices rose into a
veritable chant of malediction. He let them
rave, for they had earned the right, and it would
have been cruelty to strong men to have restrain-
ed them.

  When both men were finally satisfied and sat
wiping the blood of conflict from their naked
bodies, Davidson spoke. “We will now return
to the planet-plane, after first disposing of this
native.”

  "You see him yourself, corporal,” said Bailee.
  “I do,” nodded Davidson.

  “He climbed into the plane from the water, of
his own free will and sweet accord, like a butter-
fly into a blossom.”

  “It seems we didn’t drag him aboard.”

  “You propose to run up about a thousand met-
ers and drop him back into the water? Gentle,
like a mother with her first born.”

  “Hardly,” Davidson frowned. “He’s alive
and half-human.”

  Hal-Al and Bailee sighed. “But he belongs in
the water,” said the latter. “The crisp, bright
water.”

  “Scarcely,” replied Davidson. “I think rath-
er he escaped from one of those spheres that
rolled into the river.”

  Again the other men sighed.

  “Then you propose to keep him for a butler
on the planet-plane,” said Bailee.

  “And give him a blue suit with big gilt but-
tons,” nodded Hal-Al.

  “It would be better to land and drop him off
here, where he can pick up his companions.”
Again Hal-Al and Bailee sighed in unison and
looked at one another.

  “He’d make a fine corpse,” said the latter.
“May I kiss him good-by for you, corporal?”
said the other man.

  Davidson sensed the dangerous rage of his
companions under their banter. “Why this vin-
dictiveness?” he asked. “I never knew you to
hold a grudge against an enemy who put up a
man-size fight.”

  “Pah!” spat Hal-Al. “First he made us blind,
then he paralyzed us. That’s no man’s fight,
that’s a dirty disease!”

  “And before that,” said Bailee, “he came out
with only a breech-cloth on him and ordered
the girls back into the big pink machine.”
“Girls!” exclaimed Davidson.

THE younger men exchanged glances. “It
was this way, corporal,” said Bailee, at a
nod from Hal-Al. “We hadn’t gone far on our
radiocycles when we came to the clearest stream
we ever saw, with the water so cool and crisp
that we looked about for St. Peter and the big
admission gate. Then we heard laughter.”

  “Tell him about that,” nodded Hal-Al.

  “You couldn’t tell of it! You could just fight
for it! Sweet, like a bubbling fountain of
honey!”

  “With rainbows in it,” said Hal-Al soberly.

  “With rainbows in it,” agreed Bailee. “We
left our machines leaning against a tree and
stole ahead and peeked through some tall, feath-
ery, sweet-smelling fern, and there—”

  “Were seven of them,” said Hal-AL
  “Just seven,” nodded Bailee.

  “Seven what?”

  “Girls!” replied Bailee. “Seven girls a-splash-
ing in the water and laughing.”

  “Handsome?” questioned Davidson.

  Bailee shaded his eyes with his hand and look-
ed off as if he saw visions. “I’m content to live
here, and fight here, and die here!”

  “There are better and stronger words for the
same idea,” said Hal-Al. “But let these pass
for my sentiments.”

  “Seven of them,” continued Bailee. “And we
couldn’t have stood there seven minutes—only a
minute to a girl, corporal, when a life-time
wouldn’t have been long enough for the first good
look at one of them!—when up glides a big pink
ball as big as a house, and this dirty fish,” he
nodded towards the captive.

  “This filthy hog!” snarled Hal-AL
“This rotten mackerel,” continued Bailee,
“came from the pink ball and ordered the girls
inside.”

  Hal-Al groaned. “And they went!”

  “They went,” resumed Bailee, “like honey back
into the comb, like butterflies back into the chry-
salis ! Then he shut the port door on them and
the big pink sphere glided away, and he got into
a big gray marble that came along with the pink
marble—the one you blew into the river—and fol-
lowed the pink marble.”

  “And you followed them both,” laughed David-
son.

  “So we did, corporal,” replied Bailee. “We left
our machines and hiked after the spheres on foot
a little ways, forgetting everything but the girls
and planning to rescue them.”

  “But did they need rescuing?”

  “Pretty girls always need rescuing,” grinned
Bailee. “Then this deficiency fish here must have
seen us following, for he whipped the big gray
marble about and blinded and paralyzed us with
a black ray, and, while we were helpless, stripped
and took us into his marble. Here he put us in-
side a cage with ropes for bars, and then turned
some kind of juice into the ropes that made them
white hot, so that we couldn’t crawl out.”

  He displayed his right hand with a nasty burn
across the palm, evidently caused by grasping
a very hot wire. “Twice the juice went off the
ropes and we made a break and got out. The
first time he got us back by paralyzing us with
that dirty black ray; but the second time—”
“Here we are,” growled Hal-Al, shaking his own
burnt palm at the prisoner roped to the plane.
“And here he is, waiting for the judgment day!”
“And the three of us his judgment day,” said
Bailee.

  After a brief silence Hal-Al inquired,

  “You didn’t chance to see what became of the
big pink marble. We couldn’t get a look out of
our caboose.”

  “I didn’t see any pink sphere,” replied David-
son. “It must have left you before I arrived."
156	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “We might look about a bit and pick it up,”
grinned Bailee. “And roll it back to the planet-
plane and let the girls listen to our phonograph.”
“A good idea!” nodded Hal-Al, without looking
towards Davidson. “The girls would certainly
appreciate the society of three white men, and
one of them a handsome corporal.”

  Davidson overlooked this bribe of flattery. He
thought the best way to handle the spirit of mu-
tiny in his two companions was to appear un-
aware of it.

  “We’ll return to the planet-plane,” he said,
“and shift to some other locality, where we can
start all over without the handicap of the evil
reputation we have acquired in these parts. The

water and soil may be excellent, and this may
prove a far more desirable planet than Kopex on
which to plant a colony from the earth.”

“The water is excellent,” said Bailee soberly.

“I noticed the soil is excellent, too” nodded
Hal-Al.

Davidson now came above the wood where he
had left the planet-plane. A half oath, half
groan escaped him.

 The great plane uias gone!

Marooned!

THE little corporal threw back his shoulders.
He must not allow any spirit of fear or des-

  “He put us inside of a cage with ropea
for bars and turned juice into the ropea
that made them white hot.”

(Itturtratei by Paul)
THE SCARLET PLANET	157

pair to ride his neck because of the loss of the
planet-plane.

  “Well, men,” he said, “the plane is gone!”

  “It’s a devil of a shame!” sighed Bailee. “We’ll
never see the old earth again.” He licked his
burnt palm, perhaps to conceal a smile.

  “Nor the moon!” said Hal-Al.

  “Its recovery is not beyond hope,” Davidson
cheered himself. “Meantime we’ll keep our pri-
soner, for we may be compelled before we find
the plane to eat grass and roots, and he’ll select
them for us with more knowledge than we poss-
ess.”

  “It’s fine water and fine soil,” grinned Bailee.
“And where there’s fine water and soil there’s al-
ways fine eating of some sort.”

  “Fine grass makes fine steaks,” nodded Hal-Al
cheerfully.

  Davidson saw that his companions were not to
be fazed by the extreme situation in which they
were placed by loss of the planet-plane. Adrift
on a strange world among half-human monsters,
with only a few weeks’ supply of power to keep
their little hydro-terra scout-plane in active ser-
vice, they were likely to end their days as slaves
of a strange race. Their intelligence might prove
much higher than that of the natives, but there
were but three of them to perhaps countless mil-
lions of the latter, and physical numbers would
master intelligence.

  They began searching at once for the planet-
plane, proceeding from the supposition that it had
been carried away along the ground, for they had
seen no evidence of it having been destroyed, and
doubted if it had been borne away through the
air.

  If there were any form of air-going machines
on the planet there surely had been means in the
spheres to look for danger from overhead, yet
there had been none. They were reasonably con-
fident that no eye had looked upwards from any
of the spheres, or the enemy had acted differently
during the attack from overhead by the H-T
plane. The skies were a mere void to this strange
race.

  The younger men re-dressed themselves, then
Bailee went off on one of the radiocycles to recon-
noiter the wood from which the planet-plane had
been stolen. He returned shortly and expressed
his belief that the planet-plane had not been car-
ried away by any means without, since the inden-
tures in the ground at that particular spot where
the plane had stood showed that it had arisen
and left by its own power impelled from within.

  “Impossible!” exclaimed Davidson. “Only a
man familiar with that type of plane could have
got inside, in the first place, and after getting in-
side he would have required an a-b grade training*
at least to have known how to manipulate the key-
board and rise.”

  “Only Chang and Chow were aboard,” consid-
ered Hal-Al. “But maybe they got into a fight on
the keyboard and hit off the right combination,
and the plane rose.”

  “Some cat and dog combination,” smiled Dav-
idson. “But who released the quadrant?”

    •This meant five years at * university devoted to spatial navigation.

  “The ghost of Jaquet,” said Bailee soberly.
Jaquet was the singular and mysterious charac-
ter who had cast himself from the planet-plane
some x-ometers distant in celestial space. “I
never spoke of his ghost,” continued Bailee. “I
thought I had merely breathed too much radio-
gas and was seeing things, but one night I saw
the man’s face peer around a door at me—this
was after he shot himself off on the t-harpoon—
and when I got up and looked behind the door he
wasn’t there.”

  Davidson mulled over this idea a few moments,
then rejected it.

  “Won’t do,” he said. “There are too many na-
tural reasons to be considered before we need come
to the supernatural. I am almost persuaded that
these inhabitants possess airplanes and simply
came along in several monster planes and carried
ours away intact.”

  Bailee shook his head. “It mounted from its
own power. There was the kick of the heel-ball*
in the soft ground.”

FOR a moment Davidson suspected that the
other was seeking to deceive him, that he
should believe the planet-plane had fallen into
the power of the supernatural and it would be
hopeless to search for it Yet there was such an
honest, steady light in Bailee’s gray eyes that the
little corporal was quickly satisfied of the for-
mer’s sincerity.

  Accepting his statement as true that the plane
had arisen from its own power, there were two
conclusions to be drawn. The intelligence of
these inhabitants was so great the they had been
able within a short time to get inside the plane
and manipulate the keyboard, or else—an idea
came to him spontaneously, yet it was so plausi-
ble and so wholly free of the supernatural, that
he was instantly convinced that such indeed had
been the case. The man Jaquet had not shot
himself from the planet-plane on the t-harpoon,
but merely a dummy of himself, and hiding about
the plane had awaited the opportunity of making
himself sole possessor of one of the most perfect
and valuable mechanical possessions of the earth.

  A gravity-free car of faultless precision and
miraculous speed in which he could travel about
through all celestial space, and, if he chose,
make himself a pirate on the universal sea of
ether, gathering together a crew of subtle minds
that might threaten the peace and prosperity of
entire worlds. Or remain a solitary, wandering
dreamer, soaring through the fields of space till
death stayed his hands at the master-keyboard
of the super-plane, and he plunged with it to
wreckage and oblivion against some rock-ribbed
world or flaming comet.

  “However, we are going to make a stiff search
for the planet-plane,” affirmed Davidson. “Life
has its many little wakings, but this will be the
great awakening to us three if we fail to recover
the plane.”

  “Remember there were seven of them, all bath-

   •These planes possessed monster shock-absorbing balls for landing
cm strange worlds.
158

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ing in one river at one time,” said Hal-Al. “Why
should the heart of a man despair?”

  “Seven of them!” grinned Bailee. “And the
waist of a pretty girl is home, sweet home to me.”

CHAPTER IV

A Second Shock!

THEY laughed with the joy and freedom of
young men attached only to the universal,
and so content anywhere. But the little corporal
was still possessed with a desire for the old green
earth and its honors, and wished to return to it
and claim his reward for bringing the planet-
plane safely back after the loss of its crew, and
move up a degree in the society of the Runners of
Navare.* Then there was that secret business
that had brought him so far from the earth on the
ballot of the Ninety-Nine—that vital matter of
tracking the Master Criminal and bringing him
to book. The greatest voluntary work at which
any man might be engaged and the successful con-
clusion of which would rank Davidson as the fore-
most benefactor of the age. Unless he could re-
cover the planet-plane and return to Kopex with
a full crew, it was not likely that he would have a
second chance to come upon C-X, the Master
Criminal.

  “We are going to make a stiff search for the
planet-plane,” he again affirmed. “We are but
little more than three naked brutes adrift in this
trifling H-T, but with the great planet-plane we
shall have something to say that will be respected
by these inhabitants. Our word here will carry
just as far as our total physical smashing pow-
ers.”

  “From the head of this fellow, it would seem so
with him too,” nodded Hal-Al, poking a thumb at
their prisoner. “He looks like a hog that inter-
married with the snakes, and they compromised
on the worst parts of both families.”

  “Where do you suppose they get their handsome
girls, if the men all look like this cherub?" de-
manded Bailee. “They must be looting some oth-
er planet of its finest, and we would be doing a
favor to virtue to stop their dirty tricks.”

  They immediately began a search for the miss-
ing plane, risking their liberty, perhaps their lives,
to a possible enemy, by approaching the spot
where Davidson had left the great celestial dread-
nought, and seeking for some trace for its re-
moval along the ground. But they found none,
and concluded that the plane had been lifted by
its own power and vanished across the trackless
heavens. To search the skies in the little H-T
would be as hopeless as to search the Pacific in a
canoe for a lost cork. Besides, they could not
ascend in the H-T above the atmosphere of the
planet, nor even to its full height.

  “We might as well take out citizen-papers and
join the strongest union here,” grinned Bailee on
what would have been the next day by earth time.
It was however only twenty hours later in the
long sunlit afternoon of many weeks duration.

.w!lloh b7power and influence virtually controlled

tolffTk h™o^tdadi»UncUotr- 10 * “ “embCr meant th8 <WOT-

  “It looks that way and growing stronger in its
resemblance,” agreed Hal-Al. “Let’s jolt a na-
tive out of his big marble and go gliding along till
we knock up against something harder than our-
selves.”

  The little corporal disliked to leave the locality
where he had last seen the planet-plane; it seemed
like severing their only connection with the earth.
But if the man Jaquet had stolen the plane he
certainly would not return to the neighborhood,
while if it had been carried away by the natives,
they would more likely hear news of the plane in
the cities or villages than in this far frontier, as
such it now appeared to be to the three men.

  They rose to three hundred meters and, circling
about, discovered several spheres below, all mov-
ing separately, but in one direction. They decided
to take that direction also, and after a two hour
flight glimpsed what appeared to be a drove of
wild game headed towards a wood, and descended
to try their luck at stocking their larder.

THEY found the game to consist of small, fat,
pig-like animals somewhat slow of foot, and
leaving the H-T they gave chase and bagged three.
Carrying their kill over their shoulders they
turned back towards the little plane, but the dis-
tance proved greater than Davidson had antici-
pated. He breathed a sigh of relief as he came
in sight of the hydro-terra, which was docked on
the edge of a long level stretch covered with short,
fine scarlet grass, giving the effect of a rich velvet
carpet thrown over the soil. Should the little
scout-plane have met with any misadventure dur-
ing their absence Davidson would have bitterly
blamed himself for leaving it in the excitement
of the chase, with their captive bound helpless to
a railing.

  In another moment his relief turned to despair,

for the plane began to run along the ground as if prepar-
ing to ascend!

  With a shout the three men threw down their
kills and started at top speed towards the mov-
ing plane.

  “All our smokes!” Davidson heard Bailee
breathe, as the latter passed him, with Hal-Al
but a few feet behind, and the fear of losing their
tobacco must have lent miracle-shoes to his com-
panions’ feet for the little corporal had never be-
fore witnessed such sprinting by amateurs.

  He raced on close behind, realizing that every
moment might meant a year added to their lives,
for practically all their ammunition was aboard
the plane. He had glimpsed a huge pair of
shoulders mounted with a queer-shaped head
looming from the pilot-chair, and knew that their
prisoner had escaped from his bonds and taken
possession of the H-T. He recalled the latter’s
little pig-serpent eyes continually watching him
while at the keyboard of the hydro-terra, and as it
required but three simple moves to start the plane
and hurl it like an arrow into the sky, their late
captive might rise before they could cover another
fifty meters.

  “On!” Davidson cried, having no breath to spare
for a longer encouragement, but his companions
were running for the love of Lady Nicotine and
needed no other spur.
THE SCARLET PLANET	159

  They now came to where they had left their
two radiocycles having removed them from the
plane to use in chasing the game, but abandoning
the machines when the game took to the woods.
Hurling himself astride one of the cycles, Bailee
shot like a gray bolt after the plane. He was fol-
lowed by Hal-Al on the other cycle. The little
corporal raced on after them afoot, greatly en-
couraged for a moment, but only for a moment,
for the H-T, with its far more powerful engine,
immediately speeded up. Would it rise before
they could board it?

  The two men on the radiocycles closed up the
distance, and came almost upon the plane, racing
straight towards it, depending on their own skill
and the faultless brakes of their cycles to save
them from collision, when the plane rose directly
over them and Davidson saw one man, now rac-
ing frantically throw up his hands and attempt
to seize some ropes trailing below the H-T. He
soon succeeded and was swept from his radio-
cycle, but he couldn’t tell whether it was Hal-Al
or Bailee. He plunged forward, shouting for
him to hang on.

  For a moment the man hung fast, spinning in
the air, then the rope was cut, or broke with his
weight, and he was hurled to the earth. The
other man was still racing beneath the plane on
his radiocycle, and now Davidson saw his arm go
up and the next moment a huge bulk plunged
from the plane to the ground. The man-monster
had been picked off the hydro-terra by a bullet
from an automatic in the hands of one of his pur-
suers.

  Davidson’s attention was now wholly directed
towards the H-T. Would it run low and become
entangled in the trees, or rise and be lost to him?
It rose slightly and shot away towards the north.

  “All’s over!” he gasped, coming to a stop. He
saw the man on the radiocycle circle about and
heard his shout, as he pointed at some object on
the ground, then he dashed away on his cycle af-
ter the plane, evidently hoping to keep it in sight!

Unafraid!

THE little corporal hurried forward to where
the other man had been thrown, knowing now
he was Bailee, for he had distinguished Hal-Al
on the radiocycle by his voice. Suddenly he drew
his automatic and, dropping to his knee to steady
himself, fired at a huge form not over thirty met-
ers away that had risen from a cluster of tall
grass with a large rock poised above its head, as
if to dash it at some object on the ground.

  The man-monster plunged forward and began
to lash the grass like a struck crocodile, and Dav-
idson rushed upon the scene and dragged the un-
conscious form of Bailee from the concealing
grass, where the man-monster had sought to brain
him with a heavy ragged piece of blue quartz. He
worked about ten minutes over his friend, wholly
disregarding the enemy in the grass, under the
impression that he had received his death wound.

  Suddenly Bailee opened his eyes and began to
assure Davidson that there were seven of them.
The latter sought to ease his friend’s mind by as-
suring him in turn that there was only one, and

he was dead. But Bailee maintained with con-
siderable heat that there were seven of them, and
it was almost impossible to see any particular one
of them because he couldn’t keep his eyes off the
others at the same time.

  Then Davidson got it that Bailee was referring
to the seven girls he had seen in bathing and not
to the pig-serpent-headed monster. At this he
laughed and fell in with Bailee’s temporary delu-
sion, due to his fall. The latter now staggered to
his feet and begged his friend to join him in an
effort to capture the pink sphere and the seven
girls. However, a few minutes later, Bailee came
from his fuddle and began to swear like himself,
demanding what had happened after he had
happened after he had grasped the rope.

  The little corporal brought his companion’s
mind up to the moment by explaining he had been
thrown and got a jolt in his continuity box. Then
he told him he had finished the man-monster and
went over to take a look at the body in the tall
grass. The enemy was gone!

  They searched all about, but the native’s snake
instincts had served him well. Scotched as he
was, he had slipped away through the grass to the
woods. They wished him luck, but the worst sort,
then recovered the radiocycle that Bailee had rid-
den, mounted tandem and, riding back, gathered
up the three animals they had killed. They now
must husband all their resources. Without
further delay they set forth to trace Hal-Al.

  At times this proved easy to do, by the track
of the other radiocycle in the clean soft soil, again
it was very difficult, and once it seemed impos-
sible. But always they picked up the trail and
kept on. At best they and their absent compan-
ion were but three sticks of humanity lost on a
great planet of unhumanity, yet if these three
sticks could but cleave together they might make
a bundle difficult to break.

  After a couple of hours they heard the blast
of a radiocycle horn. Had the pilotless plane
descended to the ground and had been located by
Hal-Al, or had the dim gray doors of the track-
less distance closed on it forever? A little later
they were joined by their friend, returning. He
had come to a wide stretch of water which he
could not cross and given up pursuit of the van-
ishing plane.

  They threw themselves from their cycles under
some oak-like trees.

  “Well, men, we’re up against the real thing,”
said Davidson.

  “We’re the real thing ourselves, corporal,” re-
plied Hal-Al easily. “Now for a smoke, which
will make us feel like some more of the real
thing.”

  Bailee rolled and lighted a cigarette. “It’s
great to be born of woman,” he grinned. “But
greater to be born of your own resolution. Fall
to, corporal, and metamorphose your cares into
smoke.”

DAVIDSON fell in with the spirit of the young-
er men, for courage and physical cheer was
now perhaps the highest form of wisdom, since
they were practically stripped down to their bare
fists in the big arena of this new world.
160	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

   “It's a cheerful planet we’ve landed on,” mused
 Hal-Al. “Fat game, and plenty of sunlight and
 distance.”

   “I always was too healthy for the earth,” said
 Bailee. “And the doctors said I needed a
 change of climate just for that, before it became
 chronic.”

   The little corporal saw that the two men were
 oozing with health and good spirits, not merely
 assuming their mood in bravado. So in spite of
 his disgust at himself for having left the plane
 alone with their captive aboard, he felt fairly
 cheerful too. They had got off with their lives
 and in the years to come might recover the planet-
 plane, or get together sufficient intelligence on
 this scarlet planet to build another plane that
 would carry them back to the earth, or to some
 world in communication with the earth.
THE SCARLET PLANET	161

  Before his two companions—cut off from com-
munication with the earth and former associations
—should feel so free that they would put him
from all authority over them, Davidson hastened
to profit by his superior rank to state that there-
after they would walk the radiocycles, riding
them only in dire necessity, since there was pow-
er remaining in the machines for not over five
thousand miles of travel. The younger men ac-
cepted this as a sensible proposition, and the lit-
tle corporal felt greatly relieved that they seem-
ed to have no intention of throwing off his auth-
ority. Disunity amongst them could react neith-
er for their good, nor his.

  They now agreed to go on until they came to
the water that had turned Hal-Al back, and here
kill and dry a sufficient stock of game to supply
them for some weeks, then press on down the wa-
ter to human or quasi-human habitation.

  When they came in sight of this water a single
glance assured Davidson that they had come to

  He threw up his hands to seize some
ropes hanging below the H-T. For a mo-
ment he hung spuming.

cool and satisfying. The men drank sparingly
at first, but, experiencing no ill effect, partook
of the water later without reservation.

  Animal life was plentiful in the neighborhood,
those who were running, jumping, walking, spin-
ning, crawling, tumbling, climbing; but at no time
did they come on any flying creature, though they
met with one kind of game with a plumage com-
posed of fine feather-like hair. This game could
run swiftly, but not fly, having no wings or tail
but possessing a soft, curly comb the whole length
of its body. It proved to be very fine eating and
its eggs, though small, had much of the flavor
of mushroom.

  From their little stock of supplies on the radio-
cycles they found sufficient materials to make
two sturdy slings, and with these simple but ef-
ficient weapons by selecting compact round stones
which threw very true they were able to kill all
the game they required and so save their koto
shells. Twenty hours after pitching camp they

Illustrated by Paul

might have been mistaken for three madmen, or
at least temporarily delirious. For the little hydro-
terra scout-plane returned and passed directly over their
heads at an elevation of scarcely twenty meters!

CHAPTER V
A Strange Scene

THE three men raced beneath the little scout
   plane that had returned above their camp,

the edge of a continent, for before them evidently
was a sea and not a great river or lake. Yet
when he tasted the water he found it was not
salty, but it possessed a pleasing tang like the
juice of a fine grape fruit, and it was very clear,
162	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

gesticulating and shouting for it to stop, as if it
were a human intelligence, or such an intelligence
was aboard. But they soon realized that the
plane was pilotless: the automatic pilot had'Deen
set, they judged, for the three hundred mile cir-
cle. Traveling at the very slow rate of fifteen
miles an hour—which seemed a reasonable esti-
mate—the little H-T would pass over their heads
every twenty hours, deviating slightly from a per-
fect circle in the still air.

  In less than three weeks it would fall some-
where along that circle for lack of power-fuel
in the reservoir. But perhaps half its course lay
over the water, and should it alight on the water
and a tide drift it from its circle they could scarce-
ly hope to recover it.

  They tentatively decided to wait until the plane
should fail to reappear in a reasonable time, then
follow its circle around as far as possible and
trust to luck to pick up the machine. It was pos-
sible that they might obtain some kind of power-
fuel which they could adapt to running the en-
gine, if they were fortunate enough to recover the
plane itself.

  When Bailee next came back to camp from a
short excursion after game, Davidson saw him
give Hal-Al a signal to join him privately. By
their secret manner he suspected that they were
up to some adventure with a; spice of danger or
deviltry in it, and when a little later they slipped
off together, unconscious that he had suspected
them, he hastily covered the two radiocycles with
a quantity of branches and followed. He pro-
posed to back them up in any danger, or draw
them off from too great a risk. Besides, he was
curious to witness this adventure which, to judge
by their secrecy, was too choice for his confidence.

  He sighted them, without being observed him-
self, about a quarter mile from camp, just as they
had stopped to slap one another on the back in
high delight over some matter. They hurried on
and shortly brought up on the further side of a
narrow wood, where a wide sparkling stream
mingled its waters with those of a little inlet of
that sea by which they had encamped. He stole
forward to where he could better overlook this
charming scene and beheld a sight more fit for
the old Greek gods than for the eyes of three
wandering mortals from the very modern earth.

  On the opposite side of the stream—which was
about twenty meters wide, quite shallow, and
very clear, for he could see the stones lying upon
its bed—was a great scarlet sphere fully seven
meters high, glowing like a jewel in the clear,
warm sunlight. To one side of this sphere stood
a giant man-monster, with a serpent-pig-head.
He was nearly three meters high and nude but for
a girdle of silver-like scales encircling his loins.
His arms were folded and he stood as motionless
as a column of stone.

  Amazing as was this sight, Davidson gave it
but brief attention, for it lacked the appeal of
that other sight which he beheld along the margin
of the stream. Here seven maidens, at first
glance exquisitely human in every aspect, were
dancing bare-footed along the purple sands of

the stream, every little while skipping into the
water, then back to the shore.

  The little corporal trained his binoculars on
this group, and but for the astonishing largeness
of their eyes and the smallness and intense scar-
let of their mouths, he could not at first distin-
guish the seven dancers from as many super-beau-
tiful maidens of the earth. But those amazingly
large eyes, which were as clear through his pow-
erful glasses as if their owners were smiling into
his face, testified to a different and more animal-
like race than humans of the earth, while all the
motions of these girls supported this fact. They
moved at times with the cat-like grace of panthers
and again with the fluttering motions of birds
and moths.

WHAT was the nature of this scene? Was
this giant the slave-chaperon of these ex-
quisite creatures, or was this type of monster
but a kind of great dog trained to watch over his
owners, and not regarded as high as a slave?
Or could it be possible that this giant was the
husband-master of these maidens, and the control
of the planet lay with such hands and minds as
his? Certainly he made a heroic figure, tower-
ing there seemingly as immovable and inflexible
as a tawny stone image of some strange deity.

  Davidson now turned his binoculars on Bailee
and Hal-Al to enjoy their delight at this scene,
and just then he noted the latter thrust out his
right hand as if pointing towards the giant. Then
he smothered his own cry of protest, for it was
too late. Hal-Al had pulled the trigger of his
little Metzer and sent a slumber pellet* straight
for the tawny stone-like image on the opposite
shore. The pellet caught the giant in his left leg.
He struck at his leg as if some insect had crawled
up and stung him, and he sought to brush it away,
then again folded his arms and gazed inflexibly
before him.

  A half minute later the man-monster unfolded
his arms, opened his snake-pig mouth in a yawn,
then sank down peacefully on the sands in a sleep
that would last about six hours, unless broken
by a counter-pellet.

  The little corporal, crouched behind the trunk
of a large tree, watched his two companions as
they stole upstream and proceeded to ford the
water. Evidently they proposed to capture the
scarlet sphere and seven maidens, and, should
they succeed, would no doubt bring the whole
prize into camp with uproarious delight and of-
fer Davidson a share of the spoils. But the lat-
ter resolved to cross their plans.

  As a Runner of Navare he could not allow their
adventure to succeed. The seven lovely girls
were clearly not in distress, but seemed in full
enjoyment of life and happiness, if not entire lib-
erty. They might be daughters of high degree
and any affront to them would cause the guilty
parties to be hunted down like a pestilence.

  He felt that it would be entirely useless, and
might betray their presence to the girls, to at-
tempt to call the men back, since neither his pres-
ent small authority, nor the memory of his for-

    •A little bullet-capsule containing enough cocaine to put one to sleep.
THE SCARLET PLANET	163

mer greater authority, would move them in the
presence of these beautiful girls. As they came
opposite him he shot them both in their legs with
his own Metzer. Suspecting the nature of the
stinging sensation in their limbs, the men fell
flat on the ground and sought to crawl back the
way they had come, but sleep speedily overtook
them.

  It was now up to the little corporal to ford the
stream and remove his friends from the danger of
any chance observation by the seven girls, or
others remaining in the great scarlet sphere. He
was about to proceed in this undertaking when the
girls became aware that the giant had fallen
asleep. Gathering about him they listened a few
moments to his breathings, then stole on tiptoe
across the sands and entered the sphere. Almost
immediately that vehicle began slowly to glide
away.

Within the Sphere

DAVIDSON’s skin prickled; his chivalry had
not been required. Evidently these maidens
would have appreciated the help of Bailee and
Hal-Al to aid them in escaping the giant. Or at
least, if they had not been the latter’s prisoners,
they were merry madcaps and had seized the first
opportunity for adventure. They could not have
thought the giant sick or injured, and be going
to procure help, or they would scarcely have tip-
toed so cautiously back to the sphere.

  The little corporal sighed: these girls would
roll away across the scarlet carpet of velvet grass
like lovely figures in a dream, and he would be
left alone with his companions, to be all but
mobbed by them for a spoil-sport, when they
should awaken from their sleep. For they would
know that their sleep had fallen upon them by
his hands, and by no other means, and he would
not attempt to deceive them, since they were now
man to man in the enemy’s land, and the word
of each must be his bond.

  Again the unexpected happened. The sphere
glided slowly along till it came to where Hal-Al
and Bailee were almost locked in one another’s
manly arms in slumber, when it stopped, the door
was opened and two maidens came out, shortly
followed by three others. Amongst them they
lifted the two sleepers and bore them separately
into the sphere. While they were taking Hal-Al
inside, Davidson covered half the distance to the
scene, and the remaining distance while they were
carrying Bailee within^ He had decided to cast
his lot with his companions; they could die to-
gether or make love together. If it should be
neither death nor love, at least they would not
be separated on this strange planet.

  Though it was bright day to Davidson, the girls
seemed unaware of his approach till he was al-
most upon them, which imperfection of sight he
could not account for till later.

  When they saw him they fled into the sphere,
but the boldest remained standing in the door-
way. He made signs to be taken within and drew
closer to the open door. Should they refuse him
admission he proposed to make a forced attempt*

to join his unconscious friends. As he drew near-
er, smiling, they evidently saw that he was not a
man-monster but bore features similar to those
of the two younger men that they had just taken
into the sphere.

  To his delight, they now came forward and
fluttered about him, conversing amongst them-
selves in a language like soft music and the coo-
ing of doves, and touching his person with their
slender fingers as though better to estimate him.

  Step by step he approached nearer to the
sphere till he had insinuated himself into that
gliding car. They followed and he found himself
in a kind of false twilight cast by a glass-like
globe overhead, which gave out darkness, as a
light on earth gives out brightness. A few feet
away he saw Bailee and Hal-Al lying on the floor;
then one of the girls took him by the hand and led
him to a seat on a wide low couch. Immediately
they lifted the two sleeping men and deposited
them at full length beside him, placing a cushion
under each of their heads.

  Two of the girls now ascended a stair close
beside him and in a few moments he was aware
that the sphere was moving, as a dim cineograph
of trees, grass and water was thrown on the wall
before him, evidently a reflection of the route
they were traversing. He glanced upwards and
saw an irregular ceiling about ten feet above,
which would allow for another room or upper
deck within the sphere, and still permit of a sub-
stantial thickness to the walls.

   The faint cineograph soon registered by its
swifter changes that the sphere was moving fast-
er, and though this reflection was somewhat
vague and blurred to Davidson he judged that it
was quite clear to the others, since they were
accustomed to viewing such an effect. Besides,
Davidson had suddenly divined that the twilight
cast over the scene was no doubt a clear bril-
liancy to these girls, who saw by darkness, not by
light, or required a tempered light, like the owls
ox earth.

HE let his eyes range along the circular wall,
at a height about level with the chins of the
girls, who were of very similar stature, and sud-
denly saw a penciling of light He arose and
going to this light put back a delicate but opaque
curtain of some unfamiliar fabric and discovered
a transparent, circular window of a substance
similar to glass, but with a velvety touch. Through
this he could see the outside world practically
as clearly as if he stood without the sphere, and
observed that they were moving over a stretch
of rough ground but without noticeable vibration.

   Looking closer he was assured that the crystal
before him was double and between was a clear
liquid. He concluded that the sphere was a ball
within a ball, separated by a jacket of some lim-
pid liquid which served the purpose of taking up
all vibration; and no doubt this was the stuff
turning bluish as it reached the outer air which
had squirted from those spheres that he had
pierced with projectiles from his automatic and
cyclo-gun.

, He let the curtain drop and turned to the five
164	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

girls who were gathered close about him con-
versing with one another in their soft, cooing,
musical language, and no doubt discussing him.
He now pointed upwards and crossed to the stairs
that he had seen the two absent girls ascend. It
was evident that these were piloting the sphere
and it was vitally important that he should learn
as quickly as possible the rudiments of that art.
They treated him as a guest rather than a pri-
soner and freely allowed him to ascend the stairs
into the false twilight above, accompanying him
and cooing about him like beautiful doves.

  On the upper floor a girl was seated at a little
table, the top of which was composed of sixteen
differently colored squares, each about an inch
in diameter. These squares were individually
depressible like piano keys, but all on the same
level. This was evidently the switch or pilot-
board. A second girl was looking over the should-
er of the first, perhaps taking lessons of her.
Directly above and before this pilot board was an
observatory window, through which Davidson
could clearly see the country without which the
sphere was traversing.

  He now noted that the pilot lightly touched the
fourth key on the first row on the pilotboard and
the sphere veered to the right, avoiding a group
of trees ahead. Caressing her cheek, as he might
the wing of a bird to soothe its alarm, he touched
the same key himself. Again the sphere turned
slightly to the right and continued ahead.

  He now touched the last key on the bottom row,
whereupon the sphere came to an almost instant
stop without perceptible vibration. At this he
was highly gratified and throwing out his arms
sought by this action to make the pilot understand
that he wished the sphere to proceed. She evi-
dently caught his meaning for she touched the
first key on the last row and the sphere went
ahead.

  The flint had struck and lighted intelligence
between the little corporal and the pilot, and
though the other girls cooed and fluttered about
him, shaking his resolution to its foundation with
their great violet eyes and scarlet rose-bud
mouths, he remained at his post and got the rudi-
ments of the pilot-board. The latter proved to
be both simple and complex. Each key had its
single purpose, as to start, stop, turn to left, right,
etc., but by pressing two or more keys at once a
combination was formed by which the sphere was
capable of doing certain things which could not
be achieved by the pressing of a single key.

  Once they came to a wide gorge with very steep
banks, and the pilot made a combination that car-
ried the sphere into the gorge, through the rush-
ing water, and safely up on the opposite shore.

r became evident to Davidson that the sphere
did not proceed by any power of revolving
wheel, fan or ball, within or about itself, but
glided along, lightly touching the ground, driven
by some form of repulsion or attraction arising
from a distant object or field such as a power
plant or magnetic or repulsion pole, or two neigh-
boring planets, one attracting and one repel-
ling.

  Besides their amazing large eyes and very small
scarlet mouths, he now discovered another distinc-
tion between these lovely girls and the maidens
of the earth. Their attire, delicate and sheer as
it was, had concealed this particular difference
till one of the girls innocently slipped her dress
from her shoulders and bosom and he noted that
beneath her arms, slightly connecting the under
part of the arms to the torso, was a tenuous
fleshy membrane or web, as if in some remote an-
tiquity this race had been winged. But the
wings had evoluted into human arms, leaving a
slight membrane hinting of their airy origin, yet
in no way discounting the charms or hindering
the free, graceful motion of those arms.

  But shortly followed a discovery which for a
time Davidson hesitated to accept, it placed the
whole situation in such a different and alarming
light. Yet accept it he must, for the evidence was
too plain to be dismissed as a wild fancy of hfe
own, caused by drinking water of that clear sea,
or partaking of some wild game whose flesh had
heated his blood with fever. These lovely, vol-
uptuous maidens with their great violet eyes, rose-
bud mouths, and the seraphic hint of wings on
their fragrant persons, were more perilous than
any danger he had faced since landing on the
scarlet planet. He and his two helpless, sleeping
companions were shut fast in the great gliding
sphere with seven harpies lusting lor warm blood to
drink!

CHAPTER yi
Vampires!

THE little corporal passed two hours standing
beside the girl at the pilot-board, memorizing
the keys and fitting himself to guide the sphere
under ordinary conditions, but he did not succeed
in learning the principle by which the sphere was
propelled. However he was still of the opinion
that the whole scheme was a matter of magne-
tism or repulsion, or both, and the sphere glided
and turned and veered between magnetic or re-
pulsive fields.

  Then the maidens grew impatient for some rea-
son and drew him down to the lower floor, where
they seated him on a couch and brought him food
and drink. He ate heartily, for the viands and
drink were delicious, for as yet no suspicion of the
true nature of these lovely creatures had entered
his mind.	.

  As he ate they fluttered about him, playing on
softly-tuned musical instruments accompanied by
their own sweeter, softer voices. Finally he
closed his eyes from the sheer physical pleasure
of the luxurious couch, delicious food, soothing
sounds, and warm arms about him, and, unaware,
slid into slumber. All this time the sphere was
gliding without vibration across a rolling land
carpeted with warm scarlet grass.

  Suddenly he awoke in great uneasiness, though
the cause of his uneasiness he could not for a time
ascertain. He had been conscious in his sleep of
a dragging as at his heart, and had a vague recol-
lection of having dreamed that he was a faun-
THE SCARLET PLANET	165

faced fountain in a dim park, with water flowing
from his heart as scarlet as blood, and a troop
of lovely maidens with wide violet eyes came and
fluttered about him, and, putting up her rose-
bud mouth, each maiden drank in turn of the
scarlet water as it flowed from his heart.

  The room was now lighted with a mellow but
clear light from a globe overhead and, as he
stirred and sat up, he was aware of something
warm and soft untwining from about his person
and slipping away behind him. He fancied it
was but some dream-idea melting into nothing-
ness, and turned heavily, when he saw one of the
girls stealing from his couch. Still sleep-sodden
he turned towards Hal-Al and Bailee who were
lying on another couch but a few feet away and
on either side of each of them he saw two girls
lying with their faces buried against the right and
left arms of his companions.

  He arose and yawned and stretched, with the
uneasiness still oppressing him, when immediately
there was a murmur as of alarm, and the girls ly-
ing beside his still unconscious friends arose and
slipped away from them. Then the clear mellow
light overhead was dimmed into the twilight in
which he had fallen asleep, and shortly five of the
maidens gathered about him and began to sing and
play softly in his heavy ears.

  The twilight in the sphere was not so obscure
but that he noted the bright scarlet of their
mouths for they were almost in his arms, they
pressed so near and he was now aware that each
licked her lips in the pauses of singing. The
pulse of his left wrist stung him and he rubbed it
a few times, then gave it no further attention, as
he had accustomed himself to disobey the small
dictates of the flesh lest they should become mag-
nified with attention and tyrannize too much over
his spirit.

  He returned to the pilot-board above stairs and
refreshed his memory of the keys, and ran the
sphere for some distance. The light here being
much stronger, coming through the observatory
window before him, he noted a singular marking
on his left wrist. It looked like the indenture of
the teeth of some little animal. A mouse had bit
him, or a weasel, or—he suddenly sickened at the
thought—a woman!

  A soft pii\k arm fluttered over his shoulder
and touched one of the keys of the pilot-board,
and the sphere veered off just in time to save its
crashing into a noble tree. He got the reins of
his reason and saved himself from plunging like
a frightened horse. He had grasped the truth!
The mark on his wrist was the indentation of one
of these rosebud mouths!

THERE had been two of the harpies clinging
to the wrists of each of his unconscious com-
panions, and that clear mellow light in the room
when he had awakened had been artificial dark-
ness to their great violet eyes. They saw by dark-
ness or dimness and not light, and of course the
harpies had believed it was darkness also to his
eyes and he could not see them in that dark, suck-
ing his blood and the blood of his companions.

  He decided his next duty was to learn how to

open the door of the sphere, so that he could es-
cape at the first opportunity, after his friends
had awakened. But it would be quite awhile be-
fore Hal-Al and Bailee could recover from the ef-
fects of the sleeping-pellets that he had shot into
their legs, and meantime he must not sleep again
nor leave the two men alone.

  Naturally a reaction followed and for a while
Davidson almost persuaded himself that he was
feverish to credit this odious suspicion of the love-
ly creatures about him. But after an examination
of the wrists of both Hal-Al and Bailee carried
on covertly under the guise that he was trying to
arouse them, he was satisfied that the situation
was not a phantasy due to fever in his blood.

 What a planet he was lost upon! Men with
pig-serpent-heads—for surely these fighting mam-
mals he had met with could not have been of the
female sex—and women of utter loveliness who
luxuriated on warm human blood! The muddy
Amazon of animalism had carried far into this
sea of humanity.

  It was not long before he suspected that the
girls knew he was aware of their bat nature,
whereupon he began to wonder if they were not
consciously holding him their prisoner. He ex-
amined his little cocaine Metzer, as well as those
of his friends, and found all the shells empty.
He would not be able to shoot the girls to sleep.
His automatic was fully loaded, but it was out of
the question to turn a deadly weapon on these
lovely images of the human form. He could not
slay them, he could not strike them; he could but
turn and run from them when the opportunity
Bhould offer. Or make them his prisoners with-
out violence, then escape.

  If Hal-Al and Bailee had been awake, he was
confident that the three of them could quickly
subdue the seven girls but, alone, he hesitated to
act for fear that at a touch of a secret key they
would turn some ray upon him that would para-
lyze him, even destroy him.

  He began a tour of the sphere, smilingly exam-
ining every object and endeavouring to make them
understand that he wished to know its purpose.
They fluttered about him, conversing in their soft,
melodious language, but very rarely did intel-
ligence strike fire between them. Finally he
came to the door, or what he took to be the door,
by which he had entered the sphere, but with
many murmurs they drew him away from the spot
and would not permit him to return. Did they
fear that he might fall from the moving sphere
and be injured, or was he being kept a prisoner?

  An hour later the sphere approached a bright
stream of water, where it was brought to a stop,
and watching covertly he observed one of the girls
turn a kind of lever half around which threw the
door wide open. Five of them now led him from
the sphere and danced about him on the banks of
the stream, and threw handfuls of sparkling wa-
ter over him.

  He was greatly refreshed by this diversion and
the feeling that he was not their prisoner, till the
unpleasant thought came that they were but do-
ing this to revive him and cool his blood, that his
166	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

pulses would be sweeter to their mouths the next
time he slept.

  He now decided to test the length of his tether,
so began running about along the shore, as if
sporting like the others, when suddenly he turned
and ran a little ways towards a group of trees
down stream. He had gone scarcely thirty meters
when all the strength went from his knees and
he fell on the purple sands. But almost immed-
iately his strength returned as mysteriously as it
had left him, and he arose and went back.

  Evidently the two girls remaining within the
sphere had played the invisible paralyzant ray
on his limbs, and he now fully realized that he was
a prisoner, with a leash no longer than these harp-
ies choose to allow him. He was but a two-legged
animal kept to be drained alive of his blood.

Escape!

HE ’assumed innocence of their cunning and
began to sport with them again, and freely
accompanied them back into the sphere when they
took his hand to lead him within. Caution ad-
vised him to delay until his two friends had re-
covered from their forced sleep, when, amongst
them, they should be able to put the pilot-board of
the sphere out of commission, then make a dash
for liberty, with some assurance of success. |

  Sometime later both sleeping men stirred and
shortly came to consciousness within a few min-
utes of one another. Davidson sat beside them
and in a few choice words explained the situation.
They had the evidence of the marks of teeth on
their own wrists and a certain weakness of body
due to the loss of blood.

  Bailee stared at the five lovely harpies gathered
about the couch where he was seated with Hal-Al,
then his eyes rolled with disgust towards his com-
panions.

  “The opera is all over before it’s begun!” he
said.

  “The same!” nodded Hal-Al.

  “The same!” repeated Davidson.

  Bailee put out his hand. “Shake, corporal!
You didn’t chuck us over while we were asleep
and run off with the girls, and you haven’t desert-
ed us since you found them out.”

“I had no chance,” replied Davidson curtly.

  “You wouldn’t have deserted us, if you’d had
a chance and a half!” sighed Hal-Al.

  “No, you wouldn’t have,” sighed Bailee. “You’re
a gentleman! But say, corporal, we’ll help you
desert us.”

  “We will,” nodded Hal-Al.

  Davidson laughed sardonically at them.

  “Seven beautiful bats in a big ball!” groaned
Hal-Al.

  “Seven lovely leeches in a big bottle!” groaned
Bailee.

  “We’ll have to uncork the bottle and run for
it,” said the little corporal. “We can’t be rough
with ladies.”

  “It’s awful!” groaned Bailee.

  “It’s hell!” groaned Hal-Al.

  “It’s up to you,” said Davidson.

“Two more above deck?” demanded Bailee.

  “Two more!”

  “As handsome as these?”

  “Handsomer!”

  “You’re plain spoken, corporal!” said Bailee.
  “Damn plain!” growled Hal-Al.

  “You’re men, and in some ways better men
than myself,” replied the little corporal. “You
know what you want better than I know what
you want, and you know what price you are will-
ing to pay for it, and after all it’s all in the price,
with men. If you hang around this cage and
make love to these harpies, you’ll last about a
week, or maybe two.

  “For myself I don’t propose to use any violence
towards these beauties, for they look too much
like humanity, but at the first good chance I in-
tend to make a break for the big clean outdoors.
I’ll be glad to have you join me in the break, but
that's up to you. What’s the verdict?”

  The two younger men regarded one another a
moment and Davidson thought he saw the ghost
of a wink pass between them.

  Bailee reached out his hand. “Shake on it, cor-
poral! We’ll join you in the break for liberty.”
Hal-Al reached out his hand. “That we will!
The ladies will keep.”

THE little corporal was not wholly convinced.
He suspected that they would help him get
clear of the sphere, so that he would not have the
blood sucked from his veins every time he fell
asleep, then they would return to these girls and
take a chance together, without involving him.

  “After we are clear of them we had better keep
going,” he advised. “We may run into a coun-
try where the girls are girls apd not bats.”

  “It’s a big planet,” nodded Hal-Al, non-com-
mittingly.

  “It is,” nodded Bailee.

  Davidson wished to act at once, before the dis-
cretion of his friends should be dissipated by the
glowing beauty of the seven maidens. “I’ll stop
the sphere, then we’ll hustle all the girls down
here where they can’t get at the pilot-board, and
then we’ll open the door, take them a little ways
with us, leave them and run for it. Before they
can get back to the sphere and turn a ray on us
we should be out of sight. Of course we can’t
throw them out of the sphere and take it for our-
selves, as they might perish if left without it.”
“But can you stop the sphere?” demanded Hal-
Al.

  “I can do that much—and open the door.”
Hal-Al set his jaw and arose a bit unsteadily.
“Commence, corporal. And hurry!”

  The latter sprang upstairs, for his eye had be-
come somewhat accustomed to the false twilight
in the sphere, and he was able to move quickly.
Going to the pilot-board he pressed the last square
on the last row and the sphere came to an almost
instant stop. Then he swept the two girls at the
board into his arms and bore them downstairs.

  “Quick!” he cried, blocking the stairs, so that
none of the girls below could get by him. “Grab
all of them and hold on!”

  This proved an easy task, for the two younger
THE SCARLET PLANET	167

men were already engaged at embracing the five
girls.

  “Ready!" said Hal-Al.

  “Ready!” grinned Bailee.

  Their plan had been so quickly executed that
Davidson got to the door and succeeded in throw-
ing it open before the seven girls seemed actually
to realize the full intentions of the men. Then
they fought.

  The little corporal heard a howl from Bailee,
followed by a grunt from Hal-Al, then he gasped
with sudden pain as two rosebud mouths sank
their teeth into his wrists. In another moment
Hal-Al was outside on the scarlet grass with three
of the girls in his arms, each with her teeth sunk
into his flesh. Bailee quickly followed with two
of the girls, while Davidson struggled behind with
the remaining two.

  Not a sound had come from any of the harpies,
for each had sunk her teeth into the flesh of a
man and was sucking his blood, either in rage or
While the opportunity offered.

  “Run—straight ahead!” directed Davidson.
Not a hundred meters away was the margin of a
wood, and the trees seemed to offer the best
means of concealment.

  Bailee preceded, his exclamations of pain
mingling with his grunts of delight at the situa-
tion. Hal-Al followed silently, struggling with
his greater burden. The little corporal brought
up the rear, frequently gasping with pain, for the
two vampires that he held had got the tenderest
portion of his wrists between their teeth. But he
would not let either of them go, for though they
were women and lovely beyond belief, they were
dangerous as fanged serpents. If but one of them
should escape and get back to the sphere and
swing the paralyzant ray in their direction he and
his companions were lost.

  Davidson feared his two friends even more
than their captives. When they should come to
the wood and be safe from the treachery of the
sphere and its dangerous rays, would they not
decide to dally with these lovely girls till the
latter had betrayed them to recapture, or worse?

  But they never reached the wood. They were
about thirty meters distant, struggling forward
with their painful, detaining burdens, when from
among the trees came a hundred or more of just
such lovely creatures as their captives, and swept
towards them like a wave from an unholy flood
6| women.

CHAPTER VII
Pursuit

THE three men gasped and halted at sight of
the flood of women bearing down upon them.

  “Shake the girls off and get back to the sphere!”
commanded Davidson. “If the crowd gets us
we’ll become bloodless skeletons!”

  “Wow!” roared Hal-Al, shaking the three cling-
ing girls from his giant form and turning and
running for the sphere, like a big white horse pur-
sued by a smother of bats.

  Bailee shook himself free and followed, and

tearing himself from the two rosebud mouths at
his wrists, Davidson brought up the unchivalrous
but discreet rear. They reached the sphere al-
most abreast and plunged in. The little corpor-
al pulled down the lever that locked the door, then
fairly hurling himself upstairs to the pilot-board
pressed the key that set the sphere into motion.

  Hal-Al and Bailee stumbled upstairs and stared
through the forward observatory window. “Hold
on!” cried the former. “We’re safe enough now
—let’s apologize!”

  Davidson swung the sphere to the right to avoid
crashing into a score of girls close in pursuit.

  “Besides, we might let two or three in—to do
the washing,” suggested Bailee.

  The little corporal disregarded their sugges-
tions, knowing their ulterior motives. Feeling
about as much of a man as a rat in a trap beset
by a hundred Persian kittens, he headed the sphere
for the open country.

  “This isn’t the earth,” he rasped. “And these
aren’t women. They’re a swarm of bats! Get
that into your heads before you get all the blood
sucked out of you.”

  Hal-Al groaned. “Right you are! We’d last
about three minutes out there!”

  Bailee wiped away the blood oozing from both
of his wrists. “It isn’t worth it, Hal! Besides,
you don’t believe we could last three whole min-
utes, do you?”

  “Do you see any other spheres?” demanded
Davidson.

  “Not a one.”

  “Then we’re safe for the time being, but if they
come after us in one of these machines they may
recapture us yet, for I don’t know how to get any
more speed than we are making and that can’t be
thirty miles an hour. They may be able to make
a hundred!”

  “It’s the first time I ever run from girls,” grin-
ned Bailee, apologetically. “But I was think-
ing of you, corporal, and not of myself. I’d hate
to see you drunk alive, like a bottle of refresh-
ment.”

  “I’ll swallow that bitter pill, if it will do your
pride any good,” nodded Davidson. “There’s a
window at the rear, and one at each side: suppose
you look about a bit and apologize less for not
making an ass of yourself by staying outside.”
“They’ve all gone back into the woods,” in-
formed Hal-Al shortly, from his post at the rear.

  “Not a soul in sight,” said Bailee, from his post
at the right. “What a world! what a world! Oh,
to see one of their women, if their bats are hand-
some as angels!”

  A few moments later a growl came from Hal-
Al. “They’re coming from the woods—a dozen
big pink spheres, and some little dirty ones!” He
drew his automatic and regarded it. “But how
the devil am I to shoot at a lady!”

BAILEE joined his friend and stared at the on-
coming spheres. “They’re running about even
with us,” he informed. “Jam all the keys and
see what happens.”

  “This is no time to experiment,” replied the
little corporal. “We’ll abandon the sphere and
168	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

take to the trees till these vampires pass by.
They’ll hardly see us up a tree, but perhaps they
can see this sphere a mile in their dark.”

  “Let’s hope there are some of those pig-headed
fellows with them,” sighed Bailee. “I can’t strike
a lady and retain my poise and enthusiasm 1”
“Same here!" growled Hal-Al.

  “We’ll probably get our bellyful this time!”
Davidson ran the sphere around a noble group of
great, flaming scarlet trees, where he brought it
to a stop. “Now, men, pile out and make for the
thickest timber where they can’t bring their
machines. They mayn’t have any portable weap
ons but their hands and teeth.”

 They abandoned the sphere, which at best
might prove but a gliding trap, and raced into
the woods. Suddenly Bailee stopped and lying
down began to yell with laughter.

  “Chased by a hundred beautiful girls, and run-
ning for our lives!" he gasped.

  “Get up!” commanded the little corporal in
alarm. “They are probably close behind and will
drink you like a cup of water.”

  Bailee arose and hurried on, shaking with
laughter at the humor of the situation. Faint
sounds reached them, that grew more distinct,
like many light feet running over the leaves. Then
these sounds turned off and died away, and the
older man drew a breath of relief. There had
been something harrowing to him in these sounds,
like the running of a pack of weasels, hurrying to
strip the flesh from his bones.

' They came at last to a kind of wood within the
woods, where the trees were different from any
they had before noticed. Tall and exceedingly
graceful, with leaves as varied and delicate as the
frost crystals of the earth. Here they sat down
and rested and smoked, and talked the situation
over in subdued voices, for the exquisite beauty
of the trees modulated them to a quieter if not a
finer mood.

  They decided to make an attempt to return to
the -season and follow it along in the hope that
they might come again on the camp where they
had left their radiocycles, meantime keeping a
watch for the little hydro-terra plane circling
through the skies. If they could recover either
the radiocycles or the plane they would be im-
measurably better off than they then were.

  They allowed for the fact that they had been
traveling a good part of the time since they had
left camp, but the sphere had moved rather slow-
ly, and, if it had proceeded in the right direction
—and there was a very reasonable chance it had—
they would still be within the three hundred-mile
circle that was being swung by the H-T plane.
Davidson had his binoculars with him, which
could cover this distance for sighting an object
as large as the plane, and which would greatly aid
them in locating the pilotless machine.

  Each man had his automatic and a small supply
of shells, his clothing and shoes, but no cap, as
these had been lost sometime before. They had
not the simplest remedy for a fever or chill, or ill-
ness of any nature; and since the excitement was
past both of the younger men showed a bit to the
weather from having been drained of consider-

able blood by the harpies. The little corporal
had got off easier, perhaps because he had not
been drugged and so had alarmed the vampires
with restlessness during his sleep.

THEY proceeded leisurely but steadily and
shortly coming to a stream continued to fol-
low its course downward, as no doubt it emptied
into the sea, or was a tributary of a larger stream
that did. At Davidson’s advice his companions
used reasonable caution about exposing them
selves on the open stretches, and he noted that
they did not seem particularly eager to meet with
more of the harpies. For it had sunk into their
minds that though they were fighting men they
were no match for a swarm of these beautiful
bats.

  On the third shift that the little corporal was
awake (they took turns, two of them sleeping
eight hours with the third watching, then the lat-
ter sleeping and one of the former watching and
the other hunting, then the three of them march-
ing) Davidson was overjoyed to discover the little
H-T plane flying low to his right, scarcely, he
judged, five miles distant. He climbed a tree and
got the best line he could on the plane’s flight, and
on their next march they suddenly came on the
shore of the sea and, following it northward, came
on their late camp.

  All of their game, which they had hung up for
the sun to dry, was gone, but the two radiocycles
remained as they had been left. They concluded
that the camp had been visited by marauding ani-
mals but scarcely by humans or super-intellectual
mammals.

  As a measure of caution they removed their
camp some miles down the water, and here divid-
ed their time between getting a supply of game to
dry—while they waited for the H-T plane to drop
somewhere along its circuit from exhaustion of
fuel—and in building a fair-sized raft of branches
lashed with reeds and tough vines. They might
yet be compelled to take to the water, to escape
some enemy, or to recover the plane.

  The hours passed, they could not say days, for
it was always light, and they soon were in perfect
physical condition. The air and water were very
invigorating, and they had plenty of fresh game
and fruit. They had found that the innumerable
pods hanging on many of the trees about their
camp were not only safe eating, but also as tasty
as the finer fruits of the earth.

  When active work failed, the two younger men
quickly drew restless, as all robust men not train-
ed to creative thought are apt to become when
physically idle. Thereupon Davidson proposed
that they move on, keeping within and along the
circle swung by the pilotless plane. They could
not anticipate just where the machine would
eventually fall and so considered that they might
as well be at one point of that circle as another.
Hal-Al and Bailee readily fell in with the little
corporal’s proposal, and after lashing the raft as
securely as possible, for they might yet have need
to return and make use of it, they set out with the
two radiocycles and a supply of dried game.

  Holding their course true by the plane which
THE SCARLET PLANET	169

passed over their heads every twenty hours, they
kept on till, coming from the obscurity of a wood,
they saw rising before them in the near distance
a plateau, which, though somewhat narrow, was
sufficiently high for the hydro-terra plane to
touch, or almost touch, if the flight of the plane
was across this table-land.

  “If the plane crosses yonder hill, perhaps we
can board it!” exclaimed Davidson.

  “Our luck’s turning,” said Hal-Al. “Like a
tide coming in again.”

  “It’s all tides!” nodded Bailee. “And men are
but fishes in the tides of chance.”

  In another moment the three men gave a shout
of surprise and delight. The little H-T scout-
plane shot into view, coming from the plateau,
which it must have grazed in its flight, or per-
haps it had run for some distance on the surface
of the ground. Then again they shouted for now,
plainly visible, leaning over the left side of the
plane, was seen one of those lovely human-like
vampire girls!

            CHAPTER VIII
            Dead or Alive?

AILEE was the first to speak. “She’ll be
back in twenty hours! Now watch me use my
head instead of my heels.”

  “You’ll have to use both head and heels,” com-
mented Davidson. “You’ll need to do some tall
running to board the plane without getting killed,
even if it does graze the ground.”

  “I can board it from one of the radiocycles,”
said Hal-Al. “As easy as kissing Bailee’s sweet-
heart!”

  “Good!” exclaimed Davidson. “I had forgot-
ten the radiocycles.”

  “We’ll toss for it,” proposed Bailee. He picked
up a stone, flat on one side and round on the
other. “What will you have—flat or round?”
“Wait till I try out the principle!” Hal-Al took
the stone and proceeded to toss it several times
to learn the principle of its fall.

  Bailee grinned. “We’ll take a stone flat on
both sides. When it comes to but one girl between
two of us—I beg your pardon, corporal, I should
have said three of us!—we’ll trust to no princi-
ple, but just to luck.”

  “Hold on!” protested Davidson. “The plane is
more important than the girl. We should be able
to swing aboard it the first time it comes around
again, for it appears that this girl had got aboard,
and the three of us surely should be able to ac-
complish a3 much as a mere girl. Yet it is pos-
sible that the pig-serpent chap that we captured
never got himself free of his bonds, but this girl
chanced along while we were off hunting and
found him tied to the plane and freed him, and
she has been aboard the plane ever since he was
shot and fell off.”

  “My God! She’ll be dead of thirst!” cried
Bailee.

  Hal-Al fairly roared. “We’ve got to stop that
plane the next time it comes around and get the
girl off, if it kills all of us!”

  Bailee groaned and sat down. “She’s dead by
now! She’s dead of thirst and tumbled over
against the rail. It won’t be a man she wants,
but a few shovels of sod on her sweet face!”
“Hell!” groaned Hal-Al.

  “I think she’s alive and just boarded the plane
up on the plateau,” said Davidson. “I’m positive
she’s alive, for if she had been on the plane long
enough to perish from thirst she would have tried
the key-board before this and swung t’le plane
off its circuit.”

  The two younger men were cheered at these
words. “I’ve got my own opinion,” said Hal-Al.
“Only I don’t know just what it is yet. Anyway,
we’ve got to stop that plane the next time it comes
around, if it staves in the ribs of all three of us.
Remember, she’s a girl if she is a vampire!”

  The little corporal now thought of the binocu-
lars, which had wholly escaped the minds of all
three men in their excitement, and whipping them
out directed them towards the plane. But Hal-
Al seized them from his hands and studied the
H-T. Then, without a word, he passed the glasses
to Bailee and turned away to one of the radiocy-
cles.

  The latter studied the plane a few moments,
then returned the binoculars to Davidson. “See
what you can see, corporal. SJie may be but
sleeping!”

  The older man studied the motionless human
form, partly visible on the left side of the H-T,
slightly forward from the center. There seemed
more of death than sleep about the girlish figure.
He reflected now that this was the first time that
he had been able to see the plane from its left, as
always before he had been within the circle swung
by the hydro-terra and consequently had viewed
it from its right.

HE returned the glasses to his pocket. “We’ll
stop the plane the next time it makes the cir-
cuit. While there’s doubt there’s hope.”

  Bailee sighed. “If she’s alive I’ll kiss her! If
she’s dead I’ll bury her!”

  “I’l 1 bury her myself!” growled Hal-Al. “She’s
mine: I killed her!” The others thought the sit-
uation had momentarily upset his reason, but he
continued. “She was in the plane with that pig-
headed fellow who escaped us, and I didn't know
it, and my shot clipped him and got her. Else
she would have fooled with the key-board before
this.”

  “You’re a fool!” said Bailee softly. “She just
jumped the plane up there on the level a few min-
utes ago, where it hit the grass and brush and
slowed up a bit. She’s resting after her jump.”
“You lie!” retorted Hal-Al. “And I don’t need
your lie! I can lie better myself! Remember I
killed her and she’s mine!”

  “You can have her,” replied Bailee. “If she’s
dead.”

  “She’s mine!” repeated Hal-Al solemnly. “I’ll
call her Nina and bury her under the bright
grass.”

  They pressed on and once the others heard Hal-
Al groan to himself: “God Almighty, I’ve killed a
girl!”
170	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Davidson feared he had, and her dead body had
been borne aloft through the heavens for many,
many hours, with no winged creatures to attack or
destroy it. But if Hal-Al had killed this girl at
the time of shooting at the pig-serpent headed
fellow he had done so wholly unintentionally and
perhaps she had died instantly. There had been
neither suffering nor guilt.

  Davidson considered the uniqueness of the sit-
uation. This dead girl of a race that perhaps had
never learned to ascend even a moment into the
air—that perhaps had never seen a flying crea-
ture—now circling about through the heavens
hour after hour in the bright sunlight!

  They recalled where they had first seen the
plane appear and, reaching the plateau, continued
in that direction. The little corporal advised his
companions to advance cautiously as the presence

middle, and you, corporal, will be the tight little
knot at the end of this long string of hope.”

  “You will—last Thursday!” retorted Hal-Al.
“I’m the one who will go ahead! Didn’t I shoot
the girl, and shouldn’t I see her first, to apolo-
gize?”

  “You won’t make love to her till she has a look
at me?” demanded Bailee.

  Hal-Al agreed and they shook hands on the
agreement, when Bailee grinned. “Maybe the
corporal wants to be first.”

  Davidson smiled and consented to give way to
the others and be the last man to attempt to board
the plane, on condition that he should retain the
binoculars, and that they wouldn’t fight over the
girl, if she was alive, nor make love to her until
she had seen him also.

  “That’s fair enough!” nodded Hal-Al. “We’ll

of the girl on the plane might signify that there
were other such girls on the plateau seeking to
accomplish the same daring act of boarding the
H-T, if such had been the case with the girl
aboard.

  “Look here, corporal,” suggested Hal-Al, turn-
ing to the latter. “We’d better string out in a line,
one about two or three miles ahead, one half way
between, and one here. In this way we’ll have
three chances of boarding the plane, to only one
chance if we stay together. For she mayn’t take
the ground where we happen to be bunched, but
some distance ahead - or behind. The two men
ahead can each have a radiocycle and speed back
to the end man and join him, if there’s nothing
doing ahead.”

  Bailee grinned. “That suggestion is better than
the suggestor. I’ll go on ahead, with Hal in the

(lUiutmled by Paul)

Within the great shed, re-
clining tier on tier, lay many
hundreds of young women,
all seemingly asleep.

leave it to the girl.”

  “It’s all luck with women, anyway,” said Bail-
ee. “But I’m a damn lucky fellow!”

A Dangerous Chance

AS it would be about twenty hours before the
plane could reappear, they decided to look
the plateau over. They found it to be about five
miles square, with few trees, and those rather low
and of such fragile texture that they scarcely bore
climbing. The whole surface of the plateau was
covered with a high scarlet grass, as soft and
smooth as fine fur, and for the first time they
were positive that the vegetation of the planet,
or at least that hemisphere, was kept alive and
fresh not by rain but by a slight and continual
dew.
THE SCARLET PLANET	171

  “No clouds, no birds, no airships!” considered
Davidson. “Nothing to look upwards to but the
sun, and that perhaps almost invisible to this
strange race because it sheds darkness to them
instead of light or is too bright for them to look
upward at. If we can but recover the plane we
probably will be able to pass over the most popu-
lous centers and no eye be lifted to observe us.”

  Hal-Al carefully put out his pipe to save the
unconsumed tobacco, then after setting the alarm
on his wrist watch so that the alarm needles
would jab his wrist in three hours and awake him,
he stretched himself on the grass beside his radio-
cycle. “I’ll snooze a bit,” he said. “Then take
my position at the further end of the plateau.”

  “I’ll beat you to snooze junction,” grinned Bail-
ee, making himself ready for a nap. “Sleep is a
waste of time, but what do I care for time where
there is no girl to make love to, or music to hear!”

  Davidson privately slipped Hal-Al the binocu-
lars before the latter fell asleep, advising him to
say nothing of the matter to Bailee as it might
lead to friction. Since Hal-Al would have the
first hazard at boarding the plane it was David-
son’s opinion that he should have every aid to
make that hazard a success.

  The little corporal remained awake while the
others slept, and passed the time in looking over
the radiocycles to be assured that they were in
perfect order. On them they were chiefly depen-
dent for pursuit of the plane, and on the plane
dependent for their greater liberty and perhaps
their lives, as only in the air would they be reas-
onably free of the gliding spheres with their
dangerous rays.

  Hal-Al awoke from the jab of the alarm needles
of his wristwatch and rode away while Bailee was
still snoring, but the latter awoke shortly with a
grunt as the alarm needles jabbed his own wrist,
and rode off on the other radiocycle to position
himself half across the plateau. Davidson re-
mained where they had stocked their small supply
of dried game. Though he had good eyesight he
would not be able to see the plane approaching
at any considerable distance, unless it approached
well above the grass, in which case it would be
very difficult to board. He had one trick up his
sleeve which he had not discovered to his com-
panions, and he believed it might yet prove the
winning ace.

  For several years he had worn a Whing belt,
which consisted of ten meters of specially braided
and treated silk cable one-eighth inch thick, the
whole coiled within a pliable silk envelope or tub-
ing and worn as a belt to support the trousers.
This cord was of extraordinary strength and, be-
ing extremely flexible and little inclined to snarl-
ing, had got many a man out of a tight situation.
He had retained the cord—being lighter than his
companions and more agile in mounting such a
medium—and now drawing it from its tubing he
selected a suitable stone, and, tying it to one end
of the cord, made a loop at the other end for his
hand. Then he practiced at swinging the-cord
over his head and casting it about the trunk of a
small tree.

  Should the plane pass within seven meters over-

head he would have three meters of the silken
cable to wrap around some stay or rail on the
machine, and seven meters to reach him below and
supply the medium by which to ascend to the mov-
ing plane. By placing himself in the path of the
approaching hydra-terra, with the cord swinging
over his head, with a little good fortune he be-
lieved he should be able to wind the weighted end
of the cable about some part of the plane, and
haul himself aboard.

THIS attempt might prove hazardous on his
part, but not excessively so, as for a long time
the plane had been maintaining the moderate
speed of fifteen miles an hour, and could reason-
ably be depended upon not to exceed that rate.
While if he found his task beyond him, he could
slide to the end of the cord and drop off.

  Suddenly he saw the H-T approaching at quite
a distance. He judged it was flying at a height
of not over five meters, and shortly he made out
Bailee and Hal-Al racing beneath it on their
radiocycles. He could see that neither would be
able to clamber aboard, even by one standing on
the other’s shoulders on a moving radiocycle.
Then the shrill of their horns reached his ears,
followed by their own yells of excitement, or rage,
at their helplessness.

  The little corporal observed the plane pass just
over a small tree, then above another tree some
distance forward, and getting the line of its ap-
proach by these two objects, he took his position
and began to swing the weighted cord about his
head.

  He wanted to shout to the others to keep clear
of him, but he found his lungs fully engaged with
his effort to keep the ten meters of cable swinging
taut and high. He had knotted the lower end of
the cord through the upper buttonhole of his coat,
which he believed would be a sufficient grip to
hold the cord momentarily when he should let go
and while the weighted end wound itself about
some portion of the plane. Then, should he not
be able to sprint forward quickly enough to es-
cape the sudden tightening of the silken cable,
only the buttonhole of his coat'would be torn
away and he would not be dragged forward too
violently, or his limbs or neck be endangered, as
would be the case if the cord was attached to his
arm or body. Besides, this would avoid the risk
of the cable being broken from the burden of his
whole weight being suddenly thrown upon it.

  The two men on the radiocycles approached di-
rectly ahead of the plane and did not swerve, but
Davidson was waiting a little to one side and tilt-
ing the cable at the point of their approach, so
avoided collision with them. The plane ran its
nose straight across the upper four meters of the
cord, as the latter came around its swing almost
at right angles to the hydro-terra.

  Instantly the little corporal spurted forward
beneath the plane and seized hold of the cord that
for a moment he had let go of, just as the pull
came on the buttonhole of his coat. Almost con-
secutively, it seemed, he was hanging to the cable
beneath the plane, borne along with his feet
172	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

scarcely clearing the grass. His attempt to snare the
hydro-terra had proved successful!

  Hal-Al now swept Davidson up on the handle
bars of his radiocycle and bore him along while
the latter got a secure hold on the cord by taking
a turn around his arm. Directing the other to ride
free of him and keep free, unless he should slide
back again, the little corporal threw all his spirit
into the instant business and fairly hurled himself
up the length of silken cable overhead, seized the
rail and swung aboard the plane.

  A shout of delight rose from the two men be-
neath, and Davidson was about to join in their
jubilation, when he gasped and half threw up his
hands. He was aware for the first time that the
aft deck of the plane was alive with girl vam-
pires.

CHAPTER IX

A Struggle Against Women

THE little corporal counted seven harpies
aboard the pilotless H-T.

  “Throw out a couple!” he heard Bailee shout.
“Have a heart!”

  Then he heard Hal-Al’s roar. “Slide one down
on a rope! I’ll ride under her!”

  He sprang to the pilot keys and sought to con-
trol the power and make a landing, but there was
no response. The plane kept steadily on as if
running in a fixed groove, and as he struggled
with the keys to persuade their obedience to the
mchanical discipline which was expected of them,
he was suddenly borne to the deck by the whole
assembly of girls leaping upon him.

  He shouldered and elbowed his way from the
embraces of the harpies, and, getting to the rail,
shouted the situation to his comrades. But the
plane had already passed beyond the plateau and
above a wood, and Hal-Al and Bailee had been
compelled to turn aside on their radiocycles and
were too distant to overhear him.

  Hopping up and down and swinging his arms
about to protect himself from another attack by
the girls, cutting such a figure as a man seeking
to avoid a chill on a very cold day, he again sought
to control the plane. But evidently something
was jammed in its mechanical solar plexus, for he
was unsuccessful.

  Again the seven harpies attacked him in a body
and sought to sink their dainty teeth into his
veins, and he was tempted to blow the engine cold
with his automatic and let the plane drop where
it would. But he fought himself free and de-
cided to consider the situation further before he
should act too decisively.

  When he should fail to return, even after sev-
eral hours, he was confident that the others would
not believe he had deserted them. They would
conclude that he couldn’t get the plane under con-
trol and so they would be waiting for its return
on its accustomed circuit.

  During the next five hours he divided his atten-
tion between the girls and the pilot keys. He
succeeded in keeping the harpies off by dancing
about and swinging his arms, and yelling at them,

and by every method short of striking them. For
it was a masculine impossibility for the little cor-
poral to strike these lovely images of the human
form.

   He studied the pilot keys without again touch-
ing them during these five hours, for he wished
to learn the trouble without deviating the plane
from its fixed circle of flight, which would bring
it again above the plateau and the waiting men.
The hydro-terra was flying over that sea by which
he had first encamped when he at last found the
difficulty. When Hal-Al had fired his automatic
at their pig-serpent headed prisoner aboard the
plane, the bullet had grazed a screw at the cen-
tral point of contact beneath the pilot keys and
the contact was broken.

   He waited until the plane had come again over
land, then got his contact by forcing back the
screw. Keeping the same level and arc of flight,
he speeded up. He shortly approached a plat-
eau stretching before him on a level with the
flight of the plane and thinking it likely that the
girls had boarded the machine at this point, he
slowed down and soon ran into a stretch of high,
. heavy grass that retarded the plane sufficiently
to allow an active person to spring aboard with
perfect safety.

IMMEDIATELY the girls began to jump from
the plane, that was now running along the
ground. Bringing it to a full stop he waited till
all had abandoned him, then he decamped in
haste. No doubt one of their gliding spheres was
waiting them in the neighborhood—which was the
reason they had quit him—and, if given the op-
portunity they would turn a paralyzant ray on
his person.

   Keeping the same arc of flight, but a higher
level, he raced swiftly through the air and was
soon over the plateau where he had boarded the
plane some hours before. He turned the siren
loose and shortly got an answering call of a radio-
cycle horn, and landing, was joined by his two
companions.

   He acquainted them with his adventure exactly
as it had transpired. They searched the plane,
even looking into the bolted supply chests, hop-
ing that one girl had remained behind. But the
harpies had come like a flock of birds and gone
like a flock of birds, and the only consolation to
be had by the two younger men was there were
more of such girls not far away.

   “I attempted to kiss one of them for both of
you,” smiled Davidson. “But she nearly bit a
piece out of my neck.”

  Bailee grinned. “We’ll have trouble robbing
these bees of their honey! Yet there are as sting-
ing women on the earth, if you but be too hasty
about grabbing a kiss.”

   “And some that will drain you emptier of hope
than these drain you of blood!” growled Hal-Al.
“But I’m glad that girl we first saw was only
playing possum or had fainted and was not dead!
I’d hate to think to have it on my memory I’d
killed a girl, even if she wasn’t quite human!”
They put the two radiocycles and their small
stock of dried game aboard the plane, then re-
THE SCARLET PLANET	173

crossed the valley over which they had lately come
afoot, and after gathering a quantity of fruits
and filling their drinking water tank, rose to
about two hundred meters, and continued their
flight. They proposed to come into a more popu-
lous region—if such was to be found—then con-
ceal the plane to save fuel and as a powerful
weapon to fall back upon. From here they would
reconnoiter on foot and endeavor to get into some
mental contact with the inhabitants, to learn news
of the lost planet-plane. Or else satisfy them-
selves that they were permanently up against an
entirely hopeless situation as far as returning to
the earth was concerned.

  “If we can’t get back to Omaha, we’ll build an-
other Omaha here!” grinned Bailee.

  “Another Chicago!” growled Hal-Al.

  “We’ll do what we can do,” nodded Davidson.
“Being but three men against an entire race we
will more likely be crushed completely than run
these myriads through our stamp and put our
values on them. However, it will be a glorious
enterprise to match our wits against these inhabi-
tants and endeavor not only to obtain a secure
living here but to fill this great scarlet planet
with the language and laws of the old green
earth.”

  “We are three Columbuses,” said Hal-Al. “We
discovered this planet, and to the discoverer be-
longs the natives discovered, if he can discover
some way to make them believe it.”

  The younger men began to banter one another
and the little corporal sped up the plane. He
thought it best to get well away from that locality
where both of his companions had been sorely
tempted by the lovely harpies, and where their
party might already be under general evil repute
for having attacked three spheres. Besides, they
would more likely hear rumors of the planet-plane
many thousands of miles away than at this point,
for if the man Jaquet had stolen the great planet-
plane, no doubt he had removed it to some distant
region in fear of pursuit.

At the Center!

AFTER several hours of continued flight they
came all of a sudden into sharp cold. This
cold grew so intense as they proceeded that soon
they were compelled to resort to the store-chests
aboard and each don a thermo-suit, to keep from
actually freezing. Beneath them lay a desert—
vast, level, without verdure of any sort, and no
visible moving object, or even a stationary one.
It was as near to nothingness as they had ever
met without outside of celestial spaces.

  “I feel like a gimlet boring a hole through a vac-
uum!” growled Hal-Al, after an hour of this mon-
otonous flight.

  “Oh for a land of girlization again!” groaned
Bailee. “Even a country of bald-headed girls
would be welcomer than this blankety blank.”
Davidson gave a grunt of relief as he now dis-
tinguished a faint break on the horizon. “We’ll
head that way: it may prove more interesting than
our own society.”

  They had proceded about fifteen minutes when

they came on an infinity of buildings stretching
before them. There is perhaps nothing that beg-
gars words or passes description, though such ex-
pressions are often used for the sake of emphasis,
for a good imagination with a fluency of words
can leave the most marvelous facts far behind,
and often does. But the little corporal felt that
he did not possess the craft of words to sum up
in a few clean strokes the motionless sea of level-
roofed buildings over which they had come. Be-
low were millions of long high sheds, all of some
stone-like and evidently imperishable substance,
ranged side by side and end to end, as if a popu-
lation far exceeding the earth’s population had
erected, through long centuries, habitations or
storehouses, or both.

  “I’ll wager a horse-chestnut to a chestnut
horse,” said Bailee, “that here’s where this foxy
race has laid up supplies to live on and never
work any more at all. This cold desert is just
one great ice box, and here’s where they come for
their supplies when they’re all eaten out in their
pink and purple marbles, not to mention their
dirty little drab ones.”

  Below them were innumerable spheres, gliding
in and out the massive sheds, and lending a certain
support to Bailee’s suggestion.

  “Perhaps!” nodded Hal-Al. “Or perhaps they
come here to sleep for a month or two at a time
during their long night, and some are just turning
it and some turning out, for it’s night to them
now.”

  “We had better keep on,” advised Davidson.
“The chances are we will have as far to go as we
have come, to get out of this desert.”

  “Let’s take a vote on landing,” grinned Bailee.
“Perhaps we can wake some sleeping beauty.”

  “I vote to land immediately,” said Hal-Al.

  “Is there any word more of the immediate than
immediately?” demanded Bailee.

  “Instantaneously,” suggested Hal-Al. “Instan-
taneously is picking his teeth while immediately
is only saying grace.”

  “Then I instantaneously vote to land instantan-
eously,” said Bailee.

  “Two to one carries,” yielded Davidson. “Yet
I vote against landing, as we may be captured
and stripped, and we would perish very quickly
in this intense cold without our thermo-suits.”
“That’s reasonable enough,” granted Bailee.
“But I’m not reasonable just now. Watch for a
landing where there are no big marbles about and
I’ll drop off alone, and if I get stripped and froz-
en it will be the best and the worst left.”

  “I’ll trust you to freeze among a bunch of girls,”
growled Hal-Al.

  They made a landing in short order where
there were no spheres visible within a radius of a
mile, and Davidson joined his two companions on
the ground. He had decided they would be
stronger together than divided, and, besides, he
was possessed with a great curiosity as to the na-
ture of the countless buildings. Had they come
upon the habitations of this entire race, confined
to one vast district, with the remainder of the
planet barren of dwellings ? Or were these build-
174	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ings the storehouses of the inhabitants, who had
put aside sufficient food and materials of all kind
to supply their needs for ages, and were now en-
gaged wholly in gliding about in their spheres
and enjoying themselves without labor, like the
wealthy in the old times on the earth? The little
corporal considered his last guess as the most
reasonable of the two, since this pleasure-loving
race would scarcely have built its universal city
in a wilderness of cold. Yet such was just the
place for storehouses for the preservation of food
and staples.

  They stole along to the end walls of one of the
great sheds, and came to a high, wide entrance
through which the largest sphere they had yet
seen could have freely passed, and which allowed
a full view within. Then the three men clutched
at one another in astonishment.

CHAPTER X

The Eternal Tomb

WITHIN the great shed, reclining tier on tier-
each tier sloping towards the broad center
aisle, lay many hundreds of young women, all
facing outwardly and all seemingly asleep.

  “Oh the beauties!” panted Hal-Al. “I’ll take
that little one yonder by the bigger one, one—two
—three—four, down the line on the second bal-
cony. No, I’ll take the third beyond her! No,
I’ll—”

  “I’ll take the rest!” panted Bailee. He tore his
eyes from the scene and glanced over his shoulder
for a clear right of way. “Let’s grab two apiece-
and make for the plane. We can come back for
more later.”

  Then Davidson knew that something was wrong.
This perfect silence was not sleep. He laid a
firm hand on a shoulder of each of his compan-
ions. “Come away!” he commanded. “This is a
vast tomb 1”

  But he could not get the two younger men back
to the plane until they had wandered an hour
through the scores of tombs and found no living
girl. Then they got aboard and rose.

  “Oh, you sweet, dead girls!” groaned Bailee.
“You are no use any more but for tears!”

  “All petrified to pure crystal,” mused David-
son. “And they may have lain in this still, clear
cold for ten thousand years. This is the univer-
sal cemetery of this planet, perhaps for ages.”
“Forget ’em!” snarled Hal-Al. “There are no
kisses in a petrified girl!”

  They sped on over the unbelievable vast city of
the dead, where perhaps was every inhabitant that
had died on the planet in centuries. Tiered mil-
lions on millions, all imperishably petrified by
some natural waters or alchemy of science, and
changed to crystal in the glowing colors and
beauty of life and youth.

  “And all girls!” said Hal-Al. “Where are their
dead women and dead men?”

  “That question came to me,” observed David-
son. “But we entered only a few of their tombs
among all this endless number, and we may have
chanced on a section given over to young women

exclusively. Yet I fear this strange scarlet planet!
None may be allowed to grow old here, but all
are destroyed in the glow of youth, or destroy
themselves.”

   “They’re a strange, mad people!” exclaimed
 Bailee. “But I forgive them for their handsome
 girls.”

   “Handsome girls and pig-serpent headed men
 —I wonder which have the brains that run the
 government,” considered Hal-Al.

   “None of these,” declared the little corporal.
 “Unless they have become as insects and do not
 require superior mentalities, but carry out a cer-
 tain level routine of conduct and government from
 which none have the courage of originality to dev-
 iate. However, we have seen so little of the
 planet this is like judging a man by a half hour’s
 acquaintance, or a lifetime by a few minutes.”
 “The best way to judge a race is by its girls,”
 grinned Bailee. “You can’t make a silk race out
 of sow girls, but give me silk girls and I’ll gamble
 on the race.”

   “Give me nothing!!” growled Hal-Al. “I’ll go
 get them, if there are any silk girls around.”
 “Help yourself,” replied Bailee. “There are
 millions of silken girls below yonder, but you’ll
 never hear the rustle of any of that fine silk
 again. It’s all rolled back on the cold, hard bolt
 of death and no man’s hand will ever unroll five
 feet four of the precious stuff.”

  “Shut your mouth!” growled Hal-Al. “You
make my liver sour.”

 «TT’S the same on the old earth,” continued
 - 1 Bailee. “Only the dead girls there are all
 bolted under the green sod. ’Tis a cleaner burial
 they have on this scarlet planet, but a sadder one,
 for it lingers, it lingers. They are carrying too
 much tail light here and shining backwards over
 the way they have come. Give me a big bright
 head-light, without any dimmer, shining up the
 future, and the past all smothered in the blue
 smother of forgetfulness; without a single tail
 light for sorrow, walking among her memories, to
 see what is no more!”

   In time they left the final tomb behind them and
 seemed again to hang for hours in a void, for be-
 low them were no visible objects to break the level
 floor of the wilderness and mark their progress.
 But at last they came over a rough, broken land,
 where they found it sufficiently warm to remove
 their thermo-suits, then above scanty grasses, that
 thickened slowly but steadily. Then rising, they
 passed over a high range of mountains that spar-
 kled with innumerable pools, clear as dew. Sud-
 denly a shout burst from their throats, for they
 had come above what seemed a veritable paradise.

   “We’ve broke through the big, pearly gates!”
 exclaimed Bailee. “Hide yourself, Hal, or St.
 Peter will see you and call out the fumigation
 brigade.”

   The two younger men began a tussle which last-
 ed while Davidson docked the plane at the mar-
 gin of the lake that sparkled like a great jewel set
 in the wonderful panorama before them.

   “We’ll have to use caution here,” advised the
 little corporal, “This is no fortuitous combination
THE SCARLET PLANET	175

 of charming natural landscapes, but evidently a
 great park planned by minds perhaps superior
 to our own. There must be guards everywhere
 to protect the locality from intruders and van-
 dals, unless this race has reached that high ar-
 tistic level where beauty is its own security.”

  “I feel like I was treading on a painting of
heaven in a golden frame,” grinned Bailee. “Now
if we can but come on a troupe of handsome girls
laughing beside the sparkling waters, what a
masterpiece it will be.”

  “I feel like a torch procession about to begin!”
nodded Hal-Al. “Let’s have a swim first and
soak all the alkali out of our livers.”

  The younger men stripped like two schoolboys
racing to be first into a pool, and Davidson dump-
ed their clothing into the plane and waited about
with his automatic handy.

  “Throw off your shirt!” tempted Bailee, on com-
ing to the surface and blowing the water from his
mouth. “If any girls arrive, you can duck while
I fetch your clothes.”

  Davidson laughed, and now throwing off dis-
cretion with his clothing sprang into the water,
and soon was in a royal fight with the other men.
He found the water very clear but a trifle heavy
and with a slightly mineral-bitter though not un«
pleasing taste. They had passed about ten min-
utes buffetting one another about and testing their
wind by remaining for sometime under the sur-
face of the lake, when Hal-Al suddenly checked
his companions and pointed down the shore.

An Unhuman Custom

THEY ducked to their chins and stared. Ap-
proaching the water’s edge was a slender
handsome girl, attired in a sheer floating gossa-
mer veil of faint heliotrope. Hal-Al reached forth
two strong hands and dragged Bailee’s and Dav-
idson’s heads under the surface of the water, and
the men had some difficulty in releasing them-
selves.

  “You’ll pay for that fraction of a second that
I lost!” threatened Bailee. “Shut up now like a
man: would you frighten her away?”

  The girl advanced to the edge of the water, and
folding her hands before her eyes hesitated a mo-
ment, then stepped into the lake and kept on as
along a path till she disappeared from view be-
neath the water.

  “Like a mermaid,” considered Hal-Al. “Watch"
where she comes up and we’ll surround and take
her. And you, corporal, shall be the minister and
Bailee the best man.”

  They waited but the girl did not reappear in
sight. “Look lively there!” exclaimed Hal-Al.
“She’ll give us the slip yet.”

  Bailee pawed the water with impatience. “Let’s
swim out! She may be in a dream and be drown-
ed before she knows it.”

  “She evidently knows what she’s about,” said
Davidsop, but he was as uneasy as the others, and
when they suddenly broke the thin tense leash
of hesitation and clove forwards through the wa-
ter he followed, and soon led, being the faster
swimmer. But they did not come on the girl,

though they circled about the locality for fully
fifteen minutes.

  Bailee groaned. “It’s like hunting for a lost
pearl in the ocean!”

  “I’m going out again,” said Hal-Al, when the
men had rested a few minutes ashore and
thrashed the chill off one another, for the water
had taken on a peculiar coldness after they had
been in it a little while. “If I get the cramps,
pick me up with the plane.”

  “Let me drown if I don’t find her!” sighed
Bailee. “Maybe my ghost will walk under the
waters with her pretty shape. Oh, man, they’re
sweet while they’re here, and sweeter when
they’re gone!”

  “Get in the plane,” directed Davidson. “We’ll
go out further and hunt. We should have used
the plane before, but who would have thought
she could vanish like a bubble.”

  They sprang aboard the H-T and, going out a
little under the water, while Davidson rose and
scanned the neighboring surface of the lake. But
there was no sign of the girl anywhere visible to
him.

  “Scarcely a suicide,” he considered. “She did
not appear sufficently distracted. Yet she seemed
to hesitate.”

  He saw Hal-Al rise and wave one arm towards
him, then he caught his hello and dropped the
hydro-terra to his side.

  “Throw me a rope!”

 Davidson obeyed, whereupon Hal-Al dived,
fastened the rope to some object below and came
up with the rope’s end between his teeth. He
clambered aboard and began to pull in the rope.
Davidson glimpsed the object attached to the rope
before it come to the surface of the water.

  “A girl!”

  Together they lifted the slender form into the
plane, then Hal-Al stood up, six feet-two of drip-
ping, naked manhood, and cursed the scarlet
planet. Water of it, land of it, law of it, and god
of it. Then Bailee came aboard and joined him,
and in his heart the little corporal cursed the
custom of the land which had brought this girl
to her death, and vowed he would smash the head
of that custom, if he could find it, to smash. But
more likely, he reflected, he would not even find
the tail of it to scotch.

  “I counted seven of them in one dive to the bot-
tom!” raged Bailee. “But the smallest of them
was too heavy on my heart to bring up. Oh, the
sweet dead girls!”

  “Let her back into the water,” commanded Dav-
idson. “Some day they will come for her and take
her to her place in one of those cold tombs in the
desert.”

  Hal-Al slipped the rope from the lovely petri-
fied crystal form that lay on the deck. “She’s
mine!” he said soberly. Then he bent over and
kissed the cold rosebud mouth, and, arising,
knocked Bailee from his feet before the latter
could kiss the same red mouth. In another mo-
ment he had slid the imperishable form of loveli-
nes back into the concealing waters.
176	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

THE two younger men faced one another with
heaving chests, then Bailee put out his hand
and Hal-Al shook it and the matter was closed.

  “There will be little use searching further to
recover this girl we saw enter the lake,” said
Davidson. “She came here to die, and by now is
drowned. Perhaps the whole race religiously dies
after this manner at a certain age, in health and
youth and beauty.”

  “What a waste of perfectly good girls!” groaned
Bailee. “I’ll hang around the shore and shoo
them away from the water, and keep five or six
for my pains, like pretty kittens.”

  “I’ll do the same,” growled Hal-Al. "And I’ll
do it now.”

  “I doubt if it will do any good,” said Davidson.
“They are probably as deeply ingrained in this
belief as we are in the opposite, and time and
custom adjusts us to all persuasions. Perhaps
they would be as deeply shamed not to drown
themselves at an appointed time and be petrified
by the water as we would be to outrage our highest
principles of honor. We would but save them from
drowning to make them miserable old women,
outcasts among their race and apostates to their
faith.”

  “It mayn’t do them any good,” said Bailee.
“But it will do me a lot of good to take a whack
at this fool custom. Why, man, there was ten
years of youth and beauty and laughter left in
that young girl who just drowned herself. This
is a personal matter with me and not philosophy,
and personality is the only philosophy worth a
dinker’s ham!”

  “Let me get one shot at the high priest of this
faith, and there won’t be any such animal!”
growled Hal-Al.

  “I’ll help you salt his skin,” nodded the little
corporal. “However we have no more evidence
than our own supposition that the inhabitants of
this planet destroy themselves in their youth, ex-
cept the fact that so far we have seen no old
people, or people of middle age. Let us be as-
sured that we are right in the facts, and that we
have some happier system to offer them than we
would destroy; then, if we can recover the planet
plane, we’ll look into this matter at once, and
reach the head of it, if it has any head other than
old custom handed down from generation to gen-
eration.”

  Bailee grinned. “The quickest way to change
old brute customs is to knock their old brute cus-
tomers on the head that encourage those cus-
toms. And I’m a P. 0. E., or Professor of Ex-
peditiousness!”

  “We’ll go ashore and save a girl or two while
we discuss the impossibility of recovering the
planet-plane,” said Hal-Al.

  The began hastily to dress, Davidson’s blood
boiling, in spite of his somewhat philosophical
structure of mind, at his suspicions of the inhu-
manity of the laws or customs of the scarlet
planet. Yet, as he admired the beauties of the
great park, on the border of which he stood, he
could not deny that though the ways of this race
were terrible, as compared with the ways of the
kindly earth, there was yet a clean brightness

about those ways as about fire itself. Here were
waters changing youth into crystal, incorruptible
death, before age deformed it with ugliness, wear-
iness and pain.

  Here life was a short chain of perfect pearls
and not a long, thinning chain of dull glass with
a few imperfect jewels to relieve its dragging
length. Here the play was all poetry and soon
over, but what a play! Wherein the lovely chorus
drank warm blood instead of cold wine. Here
beauty was first and safety perhaps not at all.
Here they glided about in their spherical coaches
and sported by the crystal streams, taking no
thought of the morrow, whose true name is care,
and paying for all with an early, self-inflicted
death. Exquisitely bright but dreadfully swift
passing!

  The little corporal heartily wished himself
many x-ometers distant from this mysterious
scarlet planet, for he and his companions were
but as three moles who had tunneled upwards
into fire, and would likely be consumed.

  “We had best retreat from this lake,” he ad-
vised. “We may save some girl from drowning
herself, but we probably will pay for our gallan-
try with our lives, and she will drown herself
later.”

  “Me retreat!” growled Hal-Al. “There’s no such
me!”

  “But we can’t remain here forever," protested
Davidson. “No matter how many we turn back,
there will be more follow. They are but moths
flying into the flame, and will not thank us for
snuffing out their flame.”

  Bailee grinned. “I’m something of a flame my-
self. Let them singe their wings in me. I pro-
pose we stick around here and mark off a space
and save all the girls that approach in that space,
and let the others go, for a man has to draw the
line somewhere even with honor and girls.”
"That’s a good idea,” nodded Hal-Al. “Some-
times you do strike fire with that punk brain of
yours.”

D AVIDSON saw that he could not move them
to depart and continue their search for the
planet-plane. With the great plane again in his
possession, he might return to the earth and fetch
back a company of daring spirits, and stand some
chance of reforming the scarlet planet. But with-
out the plane, and with only two companions, he
felt that he could accomplish but little, and that
little would soon perish because of its very little-
ness. “We’ll make the best of the situation,” he
yielded. “My heart is with you, but my head is
with the planet-plane.”

Bailee grinned. “Then that’s settled—till some-
body starts a fight. Now we’ll draw straws to
decide who’ll make love to the first girl we save.”
Hal-Al arranged three pieces of scarlet grass.
“The longest straw wins.”

  Bailee drew without hesitation, then Davidson
drew; then each exposed his hand. The little
corporal had drawn the longest blade of grass.
The others groaned, but immediately congratu-
lated him.

  They prepared a substantial meal and ate it,
THE SCARLET PLANET	177

then, lighting their pipes, sat about and waited
for the first girl to appear. Bailee offered to in-
troduce Davidson to three of the finest girls in
Omaha, and give him a small submarine fishing
boat which he owned, for all the latter's rights
and claims to the first girl who should approach
the lake to drown herself. Hal-Al met this offer
with certain inducements of his own. The little
corporal laughed and told them that the girl
could choose for herself, if she chose at all, and
if either of them took any unfair advantage of
her he would shoot him on the spot.

  “That’s all right,” nodded Hal-Al. “I would
do the same favor for you. But all I want is to
start even with you two, and no handicap, and if
she’s a girl I’ll win her fair in three days, and if
she’s a woman I’ll win her in one day.”

  “We’ll save the girl first,” replied Davidson.
“Then, recollect, the days here are several months
long.”

  “And the nights as long,” grinned Bailee. “Oh,
man, what a night to make love in, if they but
have a moon and music on the waters!”

 Davidson laughed. “That may prove more
prophecy than jest!” Then simultaneously their
hands leapt to their automatics, but they did not
draw them.

CHAPTER XL
Mutiny

TOWARDS the tree men glided a large ser-
pent with a woman’s head, the whole body
scaled with opalescent gold and purple. The face
had the large eyes and rosebud mouth of the girl
h&rpies, but the hair about it was not long and
wavy but short and curling, and shone like a silken
aurora about the head.

  “Oh the beauty!” panted Hal-Al.

  She coiled and rose to the height of a woman
and expanded with light like a jewel, and they
saw that she had the full white bosoms of a
woman. Then the air about them became fragrant
as if a bowl of exquisite perfume had been spilled
beneath their nostrils.

  “Quick!” commanded Davidson. “Get into the
plane!” But he had to force his companions back
under the rail where they were seated. Then
Bailee broke away and sought to clamber beneath
the rail, but the little corporal sent him reeling
with a blow across the chest, and leaping to the
pilot-keys shot the plane off like a rocket.

  “Hell!” snarled Hal-Al. “Can’t you let a man
look?”

  “No, that’s not for a man to look at twice!”

  Hal-Al became ugly and Davidson shot low over
the lake, in case he should be attacked and
knocked from the plane, for there was a danger-
ous light in the deep-set eyes of the younger man.
It may have been the lovely tempting face that
had got the latter, or it may have beeij the ex-
quisite, maddening perfume. But whichever it
was that had momentarily crazed his friend, the
little corporal had no wish to consider. He pro-
posed to get away with the two fine young fel-
lows, alive and undamned.

  Then Bailee arose and passed his opinion on the
older man in words of one syllable but seven di-
mensions, but the little corporal laughed at them
both and called them yellow, and demanded what
they were going to do about it, for he had drawn
the long blade of grass and the serpent girl was
his to pursue or leave alone.

  Hal-Al was the first to see white again and
apologize, then Bailee apologized. But both main-
tained that Davidson had no right to take them
away from the shore of the lake, and demanded
he return immediately to the locality they had
left.

  “Besides,” said Bailee, recalling more particu-
larly the terms of their agreement, “our bargain
was about some girl we should save from drown-
ing, and this serpent was scarcely a girl, and we
didn’t save her either. You’ve stepped over your
contract and are standing on pure gall!”

  “I retract my apology,” growled Hal-Al. “Bailee
is right about this not being in our bargain.”
The little corporal promptly swiveled the cyclo-
gun on them and replied that he would be damned
if he would land the plane till they had passed
over the dangerous park below them, and at the
first move on their part to capture the plane he
would blow them to hell, and a cleaner hell than
they were just leaving.

  Bailee grinned. “Well, have it your own way,
corporal, but don’t mistake force for right, unless
you wish to establish a precedent and have us later
apply that precedent to you.”

  “To the devil with precedent!” roared Hal-Al.
“It isn’t the gun that makes me hesitate to take
the plane. Its because I don’t want a man to
have my blood on his hands, when he comes to his
senses again!”

BUT Davidson had the courage of his convic-
tions and held the younger men at bay while
he let the plane out to its full limit of speed. It
was a half hour before Hal-Al and Bailee recalled
that there wasn’t a single shot left in the gun,
whereupon they called Davidson’s bluff. He
laughed at them and told them to go ahead and
take the plane and land and he would drop off
with his share of baggage and go one alone, while
they could return in the plane, and no doubt the
serpent woman would be waiting for them, to
sting them to death, or worse.

  “I’ll be damned if I will!” grumbled Hal-Al.
“You’ve been a good scout and I’ll see you safe
back to the planet-plane, and headed for the earth
before I leave you. Then I’ll leave you damn
sweet and quick!”

  The little corporal merely smiled, for they had
passed over the great park, which was about two
hundred miles across, and come above a less at-
tractive and, so he believed, a less dangerous coun-
try. Here he landed the plane beside a stream
and, procuring some ammunition from one of the
supply chests aboard, loaded the cyclo gun, which
he had neglected to reload after their fight with
the three spheres. The two younger men leaped
from the plane to finish a good-natured bout they
had started aboard, and having given one another
bloody noses drew off to the stream to wash away
178	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

the blood. They had no sooner done so than both
began to dance and throw themselves about and
yell, as if they were crazed. Their antics were
so ridiculous that Davidson, thinking them in
jest, could not restrain a laugh. But he quickly
realized that it was no laughing matter, and be-
lieving their strange actions due to the water they
had drank, called to them to thrust their fingers
down their throats and try to eject the water
from their stomachs. Then he advanced towards
them, when suddenly his whole body was filled
with a million stinging, hair-like pains, that caus-
ed him also to leap about and yell with anguish
and anger.

  “Get back to the plane!” he called to the others,
with a contortion of his body between every
word, with great effort they succeeded, and tumb-
ling aboard. Pirouetting with pain to the pilot
keys, Davidson managed to get his fingers down
on the board and start the plane. The distress
left them as quickly and mysteriously as it had
come, and they searched for insects on their per-
sons, or some visible cause of their pains.

  They found no vermin and no rash on the skin,
and concluded they had come into the field of a
ray thrown by some concealed sphere, which pos-
sessed the power of transforming any living crea-
ture into the genus of stinging itch. Turning the
plane about they returned directly above the spot
where they had been so unpleasantly afflicted.

  “I felt just like I was shot full of hot chopped
hair!” growled Hal-Al. “These inhabitants are
damned original, but damn their originality!”
“I’ve nothing to say!” commented Bailee. “I’m
one of the great, sweet silences. But just let me
get a pot shot at ’em!”

  “There it is!” exclaimed Davidson, pointing to
a sphere below not three hundred meters to the
right. “We got stung with a ray from that!”
“Bow it up!” growled Hal-Al.

  “Scrap it!” scowled Bailee, making a move to-
wards the cyclo-gun.

  But Davidson protested. “Hold on, it may be
full of pretty girls!”

  Bailee hesitated. “That’s different! But how’s
a man going to make love to a girl inside a live
porcupine?”

  “This is a sting-ray of a planet!” exclaimed
Hal-Al. “First, those bat girls, that bit a piece
out of our wrists. Then those dead, crystalized
girls, about as good as a stick of glass candy to a
hungry man. Then a fancy snake girl that quits
friendship at the neck. And now a bunch of girls
inside a ball of red hot needles. This must be
hell!”

  Bailee grinned. “Fairer words were never
spoken by falser face! Let’s keep going till we
run into a new belt of girls, or run out of power.”
“While there’s distance there’s hope!” said Dav-
idson, turning the plane partly about and making
away while the others were in the mod to proceed.
“Who knows but we may run into a belt of easier
girls within a few hours, for it is an old belief
that hell is the gate of heaven and maybe we’re
about through the gate.”

  “That’s right, corporal!” nodded Bailee. “Light

up that old cracked lantern of hope and we’ll fol-
low you on through the dark to the devil knows
where. You’re good at swinging that cracked old
lantern of hope and crying, ‘All aboard for a
brighter land!’ But I notice the further we go
on your route the closer the tunnels run together
and the bumpier the roadbed gets to be!”

  “Shut up!” growled Hal-Al. “You ought to
see what is at the end of the tunnels.”

  “What?”

  “It’s too bright to be seen.”

  “Is it a bonfire of discarded hopes?”

  “No, its a girl! An insulated girl that won’t
shock your hopes every time you touch her.”

   “I’ll bet she’s all insulation and no voltage. Like
an Egyptian mummy girl.”

  “Hang it!” protested the little corporal. “I
didn’t make this planet, and I’m trying to recover
the planet-plane so that you can get back as quick-
ly as possible to the soft, sweet girls of the earth.”

A Strange Sight

BOTH younger men groaned in unison. “Soft
and sweet!” sighed Bailee. “Listen to him!
He knows how to joggle the old lantern of hope
to keep a man moving through the bog. Well,
we’ll follow it a little longer, corporal, but if there
isn’t an insulated girl at the end of the next thou-
sand miles, I’m going to slap spit on my palm and
follow the spit instead of you.”

  “You’d better follow me,” said Hal-Al. “I’ve
got more than spit in my head.”

  “It won’t get you any further,” grinned Bailee.
“And its not as visible and therefore not as sub-
ject to the evidence and the proof.”

“Very well,” agreed Davidson. “We’ll make it
a thousand miles, and then land and talk it over.”
“We’ll talk it over, provided you don’t do any
of the talking,” said Bailee. “I mistake too much
of your talking for my thinking.”

  They made-a thousand miles by the speedometer
and at that precise distance came on a rather as-
tonishing sight. Within a walled inclosure of
over two hundred meters square were forty-two
spheres, each about four meters in diameter, and
one immense sphere fully twelve meters through.
The lesser spheres seemed to be engaged at an at-
tempt to surround the larger sphere and bear it
to the wall, while the latter sought to shoulder
itself back to the center of the field and hold that
position.

  Again and again the lesser spheres would mass
and hurl themselves against the great sphere, but
the latter would evade them with extreme adroit-
ness, or meet their mass and hurl them back like
so many giant footballs. They could hear the
ring of sphere meeting sphere, like great clapper-
less bells, but no sphere appeared to be cracked
or injured by the clashings, and from their ex-
perience inside the sphere of the seven harpies
the three men were reasonably confident that the
passengers below scarcely felt the shock of con-
tact.

  “They’re trying to scrap the big marble,” sug-
gested Bailee.

  “More like a friendly joust,” affirmed David-
THE SCARLET PLANET	179

son. “Or perhaps some try-out with a new in-
vention.”

  “If we could get hold of the big marble,” medi-
tated Hal-Al, “we could go gliding through the
land like a trillionaire, and kiss all the pretty
girls from here to sunset.”

  “And sunset weeks away!” grinned Bailee.
“Let’s capture it!”

  Hal-Al shook his head. “There are two good
reasons against it. First, its against the law, and,
second, it’s not possible.”

  The giant sphere had shouldered its way to tKe
center of the walled field and now held that cen-
ter for some minutes, in spite of the combined at-
tack of the forty-two lesser spheres. This seemed
to decide or conclude the game or battle, for the
lesser spheres ceased their attack and ranged
themselves six deep before the giant sphere. Im-
mediately the door of the latter was thrown open
and a magnificent pig-serpent headed giant nearly
four meters in height strode forth and began what
evidently was an oration of some sort for the
benefit of the audience assembled before him.

  Throwing on the multiplex vibrator the three
men hung silently in the air above this scene, im-
pressed by the splendid figure of the giant, his
dignified deportment, and the roll of his mighty
voice that plainly reached them. Davidson would
have given all his Greek to have understood a few
words of what was being said.

  “He’s an inventor and these others are the
board of directors to some sphere trust,” sug-
gested Bailee. “He’s explaining a new patent
push-ball mechanism.”

  “Be quiet!” commanded Hal-Al. “Shall the
jackal yelp while the lion is roaring?”

  “Then why do you yelp when I speak?” grinned
Bailee.

They Attack!

THE giant now ceased his oration, if such it
was, and folding his arms seemed to await
either the result of his eloquence or a challenge
from the spheres before him. In another moment
the two younger men were raging with envy, and
even the little corporal felt a touch of that con-
suming fever, for the doors to several of the lesser
spheres were thrown open, and from each sphere
came one or two, and in a single instance, three, of
those lovely great-eyed girls that they had pre-
viously met, and these girls now made their way
across the open space before the giant and entered
his huge sphere.

  “Sweethearts!” raged Bailee. “Nine of them!
The son of a Chautauqua!”

  “Ten!” snarled Hal-Al. as a tenth girl hurried
forward and entered the great sphere.

  “Eleven!” groaned Bailee, as the giant’s elo-
quence was rewarded by one more proselyte.

  “Twelve!” roared Hal-Al. “Here’s where I get'
out and get in!”

  “Hold on!” advised Davidson. “He may be a
religious disciple, persuading these girls to some
higher life.”

  “And him the higher life!” exclaimed Bailee.
“I’ve run across a lot of those self-appointed high-
er lifes!”

  “I’m a little of the higher life myself!” rumbled
Hal-Al.

  Bailee’s hand slipped to his automatic.

  “Twelve for that big talk!” he muttered. “I
ought to get three at least for the small, sweet
talk I can put up.”

  “I’ve ten tongues on my hands!” raged Hal-Al.
“And I’d talk business with every one of them, if
I could get that big lad alone about ten minutes.”

  “He could crack our three heads together with
one hand,” smiled Davidson. “Beside, we know
nothing of his purpose. These may be runaway
girls that he is seeking to persuade to return
home.”

  “He’s an old mormon!” growled Hal-Al. “And
I’ll not throw any purple, poetic mantle over his
bloated shoulders, but I’ll strip him of his yellow
goat’s hide! Here’s where I land and get me a
pass to the big show.”

  “Counting twelve for him, should allow eight
for me and four for Hal,” said Bailee.. “Drop us
by the gate, corporal, and we’ll go inside and
make a little speech ourselves on the higher life.
It’s evident that these are free, roaming girls look-
ing for husbands, and this is the corral where the
males round them up and put their brand on their
sweet red lips.”

  “Not while I have charge of this plane,” replied
the little corporal. “You’d never come from that
field alive.”

  “You won’t?” demanded Bailee.

  “You won’t?” demanded Hal-Al.

  “I won’t!” affirmed Davidson.

  The two younger men advanced upon the little
corporal, whereupon he drew his Metzer and
fired. For a moment he believed that he had
fixed them both so that they would almost immed-
iately fall asleep, but they merely laughed and
rushed him. Then Hal-Al held Davidson while
Bailee landed the plane just outside the walled
field.

  In another minute the two young fellows had
abandoned the plane and were hurrying away to-
wards the gate of the field. The little corporal
had been no physical match for Hal-Al, and he
now examined the Metzer and found it had been
tampered with and the cocaine charges with-
drawn from the shells.

  “Both madmen!” grunted Davidson. “I’ll fol-
low and drop them a ladder when they get
enough of their own folly.” He shot over the
field, and from here he saw his companions ap-
proach the gate, kneel, and fire their Metzers at
the giant, who evidently was not satisfied with his
success, for he had resumed his oration to the
audience concealed in the forty-two spheres before
him.

  The giant started, hesitated a moment by reason
of the slight stinging pain of the cocaine pellets
entering his skin, then calmly resumed his oration.
But drowsiness got him before he had proceeded
far, then sleep overcame the big fellow and he
sank down on the earth like a colossus gently
lowered from its pedestal. Immediately Bailee
180	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

and Hal-Al raced across the intervening distance
and dashed into the great sphere.

DAVIDSON had sought to reload his own Met-
zer from the store chests, that he might put
his friends to sleep before they should be cap-
tured, but he had failed of success, as the two
younger men had made a thorough job of the mat-
ter and concealed the entire supply of cocaine
shells. Then the little corporal lay across the
rail of the plane and roared with laughter, as the
giant sphere began to rush about like a crazed
thing, and pound itself against the wall of the
field, and slam into the lesser spheres, and spin
like a top. Evidently one or both men were at
the pilot keys, attempting unsuccessfully to get
the sphere out of the field.

  Finally they pressed the right key and escaped
from the walled inclosure, gliding across the
country followed by the forty-two lesser spheres,
like a great engine by a train of cars. Davidson
immediately swooped down and bound the sleep-
ing giant with all the rope he could spare, till the
latter resembled a kind of human cocoon, then
hoisted him aboard the scout-plane and followed
the spheres.

  The little corporal proposed to get his two
friends back to the plane and return the great
sphere to the sleeping giant beside him, who evi-
dently was the rightful owner of that sphere. Per-
haps he had come from some distant country with
a fair offer to the girls, seeking to persuade them
to accompany him back to his own land. Or had
come as a missionary of that which considered it-
self a higher race, to win these marvelously lovely
creatures from their too-animal trait of drinking
blood, as in the old days, on the earth, the Span-
ish missionaries journeyed to the distant West
to win the Indian from barbarism to Christianity.

  If he had come purely as a male seeking his
females, these females had gone to him freely,
and the two young fellows had no right to cast
the shadow of their violence across that free path.
Besides, they were no match for so many, and it is
folly to light a fire greater than one can extin-
quish.

  Suddenly the giant sphere came to a stop,
whereupon Davidson descended as low and near
as he dared, for he had great respect for the par-
alyzant ray of these gliding balls. Then the door
of the sphere was opened and out shot two fig-
ures, like two scarecrows suddenly animated with
life. They ran, staggered, fell, rose again and
half ran, half staggered on.

CHAPTER XII.

The Planet-Plane Again!

THE little corporal recognized Hal-Al and
Bailee in these two sorry figures staggering
below him, and giving them the siren signal to
halt, dropped down beside them, intending to drag
them aboard the plane like two spent swimmers.
He counted on the swiftness and unexpectedness
of his recue to get him clear before the enemy had
the wit to act. He left the plane engine running
to carry him automatically from danger.

  A black ray clipped half the plane and plunged
it into total obscurity, just as he dragged Hal-Al
aboard. But now, before he could reach Bailee,
the latter was cut off from view. Davidson shout-
ed for him to come closer, and fairly hanging to
the plane by his toes, he swept the blackness be-
fore him and came into contact with the person
of his friend.

  He dragged himself back, and Bailee with him.
He heard the man sink with a groan to the plane
floor, then groping his way to the pilot-keys Dav-
idson shot the plane into the air, just as all power
went out of his lower limbs, where a paralyzant
ray had clipped them.

  But almost instantly he was himself again-
having been carried clear of the rays—and arising
from where he had keeled over he got to a supply
chest and brought each man a sleeping capsule
for they had lost so much blood he feared they
might become crazed and attempt to spring over-
board.

  Before Bailee passed under the influence of
the drug Davidson heard him rave: “There were
forty of them, drinking me alive!”

  Davidson continued to circle about the scene
till the spheres below gave over search for the
plane, and glided away in various directions.
Then he followed the larger sphere, with a view
of returning its owner. He didn’t want the giant
on the plane for girls, gold or glory. He wanted
only those amenable to his reason or right hand,
and he suspected the giant possessed more intelli-
gence than himself, and was positive the fellow
possessed far more physical strength. He measur-
ed him. He was eleven feet, two inches, and he
estimated his weight to be around seven hun-
dred pounds.

  Evidently some one responsible, or attached to
his prisoner, had taken over the larger sphere, for
it was now directed towards the walled inclosure
it had recently left, no doubt for the purpose of
recovering the person of the giant

  Davidson saw his opportunity and, making a
landing in the field well ahead of the sphere, un-
bound the giant, heaved him from the plane and
arose before he could be attacked by a ray. The
sphere came to where the giant lay and a troupe
of lovely girl harpies came forth and bore him
within. Then the great ball left the field and
glided away, with the little corporal following
overhead, hoping it would lead to some city, town
or village.

  Yet he doubted if there were any such, per-
suaded that the situation on the scarlet planet
was somewhat similar to that which history re-
corded as prevailing on the earth about the year
two thousand four hundred A.D., when the inhab-
itants of the earth had all become motor-minded
and, abandoning their cities and homes, had taken
to living a kind of super-nomadic life in their
electro-motor cars.

  Both Bailee and Hal-Al had been so heavily
drained of blood by the forty harpies in the giant’s
sphere that they awakened from their drugged
sleep with wandering minds, so Davidson aban-
doned his project of following the giant sphere
and, landing by a little stream near a wood, let
THE SCARLET PLANET	181

the two men lay around on the grass in the sun-
shine. Here he procured fresh fruits and game
and managed to get Hal-Al back to a condition in
which he could be trusted to watch camp before
Davidson fell asleep on his feet.

HEN the little corporal awoke, Bailee too
was rational again, but both of the younger
men were very indifferent and slothful. He gave
them a cursing that did him, if not his compan-
ions a world of good.

  Hal-Al and Bailee slept most of the time for a
week of bright, sunlight hours, then they began
to swear and jest again, and Davidson gave them
thirty-six hours to buck up and resume their jour-
ney.

  Bailee acknowledged that he had been a little
careless in rushing so many harpies in a body,
but the next time he proposed to smear himself
from head to heel with some bitter herb and they
would attack Hal-Al and not him.

  “I must have been talking aloud in my sleep,”
said Hal-Al. “For I thought of the same plan
myself.”

  What could he do with a pair of merry dare-
devils like these young fellows—plotting another
attack on a honey-hive while they were yet pull-
ing from their skins the stings received in a prev-
ious attack!

  The little corporal laughed and let that part
of his heart go which held any anger towards
them. At least they had daring, if they had not
any caution, and he must make the best of that
daring and adroitly supply the caution himself.
And perhaps, after all, daring is more noble than
caution in youth.

  “I believe I like you better for the damn fools
you are by nature,” he said, “that I could like
you for the sensible fellows I would make you
by example.”

  Bailee grinned. “A wise man never, expects
an Irish stew to be a pate de foie gras, but he eats
the Irish stew and thanks his billikin that it isn’t
a grass goulash. Let’s put the clock ahead and
eat again.”

  While the two other ate again, Davidson
stripped and took a bath. He had just got back
into his clothes when that occurred which set
his heart pounding as if it would knock every
rivet loose in his frame. He beheld the great
Hersovitch-Chang planet-plane drifting towards
him, in the bright still air.

  The little corporal shouted for the others to
get into the scout plane, and the moment they
had clambered aboard in safety, he sprang over
the rail and pressed the ascension key. The
hydro-terra sped towards the planet-plane like
a sparrow hawk after a great eagle, and shortly
docked on the landing-deck of the super-plane.

  Davidson felt like a wandering unbodied soul
suddenly born again in a perfect body, with all
its marvelous machinery to execute the desires of
the heart.

  “We are a trained army again, instead of three
wandering space hoboes!” he congratulated his
companions.

  He now sought to open the door that led be-
low, but it proved to be fastened from within.

  “We must get inside quickly!” he exclaimed
in alarm. “If Jaquet is inside and starts off with-
out knowing we are up here, he may carry us be-
yond the atmosphere, and we will perish before
we can fly the H-T.”

  “If he knows we’re here he’ll start off all the
sooner,” growled Hal-Al. “He’s probably asleep
and didn’t see us dock. We had better take him
by surprise. Give me a rope ladder and I’ll try
the torpedo door, and both of you get back into
the H-T. There’s no use of the three of us being
killed by this crafty snake.”

  There was no time for argument, for the men
realized they were in a very precarious situation.
Davidson fetched a rope ladder from the H-T,
and Hal-Al hurried off towards the stern of the
planet-plane, proposing to swing the ladder from
some bolt or bar and attempt to gain entrance
by the torpedo door. The main door of the
planet-plane was beyond their reach from the
landing-deck.

  The little corporal seized a second short rope
ladder and made towards the mouth of the hur-
ricane-hose, a powerful apparatus for hurling
compressed air or gas from the planet-plane, for
utility or defense. Bailee took the ladder from
his hands. “No you don’t, corporal!” he pro-
tested. "The pressure might get turned on and
blow you home to hell 1 Let me try it first.”

  But Bailee’s bulk was a little too great to al-
low him to crawl through the mouth of the hur-
ricane-hose, and he gave over the attempt. Da-
vidson refused to delay till Hal-Al should return
and report his success at the torpedo-door, since
every moment was precious as life, which was
very precious to the little corporal just at that
moment, with the great planet-plane again be-
neath his feet.

  He swung down and crawled into the mouth
of the hose and stuck half way in, a ghastly sit-
uation. But Bailee swung over and pulled him
free and hoisted him back to the deck. Here
Davidson stripped off all his clothing and made
the attempt again. The situation was that of a
naked man in a loaded cannon, for at any mo-
ment the pressure might be turned on the hurri-
cane-hose by the man Jaquet, who no doubt had
been guilty of stealing the super-plane and aban-
doning his companions, having previously faked
suicide.

A Dangerous Chance

PUSHING his automatic before him, Davidson
squirmed forward in the hose till he came to
the widening at its base. Could he unscrew the
coupling sleeve from his position within the hose,
then push the hose sufficiently to one side of the
upper coupling-joint to give him room to squeeze
out?

  The coupling consisted of a simple form of
threaded sleeve overlapping the threaded base-
joint of the hose and a similar threaded joint
extending from the closed pressure chamber be-
yond. These two joints did not abut against
one another by several inches, which would al-
low a man within the hose sufficient room to press
his palms against the inner side of the coupling-
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

sleeve and twist it about until it screwed off one
of the connecting joints, it being immaterial
which, since it was the sole coupling.

  It was a dangerous feat for Davidson to under-
take in view of the fact that either by accident
or purposely, he might be blown from the hose
at terrific speed. But he was confident that the
torpedo-door, where Hal-Al hoped to gain en-
trance to the planet-plane, would be bolted from
the inside—as the landing-deck trap had been—
and in such a manner that the bolt could not be
shot free with an automatic. The hurricane-hose
seemed to offer the only possibility of gaining an
entrance to the plane, and the little corporal
proposed to stake his life on the attempt. He
felt in his heart that life would be intolerable
to him on the great scarlet planet, his one inter-
est being to get away on the heels of the first
opportunity.

success and hurried forward towards the fore of
the plane, to take command of the pilot-keys.

  Suddenly Chow, the cat, came racing playfully
around a corridor, followed by Chang, the dog.
Chow’s tail bristled at the unexpected sight of
Davidson, and Chang braced his forelegs and
started to raise a rumpus, when he called them
by name and they recognized him. Choking the
dog’s too enthusiastic greeting, and followed by
the cat, he proceeded forward.

  He reached the master key-board of the plane
without being challenged or stopped, then press-
ed the key that released the door of the landing
deck. Immediately he docked the plane in a
wide field of scarlet grass.

  He had just queered the switch-board by a
secret combination, so that if he should be over-
come by an enemy the plane could not be manip-
ulated, when Bailee and Hal-Al came hurrying

                                                                                                                   (Illuttratei by Paul)

    They found that they could not proceed further without extreme effort. The bubbles had
become rigid as thick spheres of glass.

  The coupling-sleeve yielded and turned as he
pressed it about with his palms, and he succeeded
in working it from the threads of the upper joint.
Then he hurled himself against the sides of the
great rubber hose and jolted the hose sufficiently
aside to get his hand through to the floor with-
out. With this leverage he pushed the heavy
stiff hose to one side till he was enabled to
squeeze his body free of the hose and stand up-
right within the planet-plane.

  Stark naked, with his automatic in his hand, he
stole forward in the obscurity of the dynamo
room. He must capture Jaquet, dock the plane
and let his companions enter. Perhaps the clean-
est joy in life, to an active, robust man, is the
overcoming of physical difficulties, with an at-
tendant spice of danger. He felt jubilant at his

from above, having found he had released the
bolt of the door of the landing-deck. Hal-Al had
failed to gain an entrance by way of the tor-
pedo-door, as Davidson had anticipated, and now
the two younger men credited the little corporal
with more courage and genius than he believed
he deserved for having successfully crawled
through the hurricane hose.

  But he let their praise stand as they would be
less inclined to rebel or desert him in the future,
holding him their superior in sagacity at least,
and so worth standing by through thick and thin.

THEY immediately began a search for the
man Jaquet, or whoever had charge of the
planet-plane. By the sleek condition of the cat
and dog they were certain the animals had been
THE SCARLET PLANET	183

fed daily, but they could not come on their form-
er companion, nor any one else. Had Jaquet
fallen from the plane, as it had drifted lazily
through the quiet air, and perhaps even then lay
bruised or dying not many miles behind?

  The directometer of the planet-plane showed
that it had been traveling a slight arc to the left
for a thousand miles, and had proceeded along
a direct line previous to that for about two thous-
and miles.

  “We must find this man,” said Davidson. “To
desert him would put us in his class, and while
I’ll associate with him, I’ll not imitate him.”

  “His wheels were too involved for me,” ad-
mitted Bailee. “He could turn all ways at once
and strike any hour by any system of time. I’d
like to take his wheels apart and leave out some
of them. I’d leave out the wheel that made him
run off with this big boat, and leave me with no
better company than you two and myself.”

  “He’s hid about the plane,” considered Hal-Al.
“He couldn’t make himself invisible, but he could
make himself almost as scarce as common decen-
cy in you.”

  They continued their search and shortly came
on a sight that almost broke the hearts of the
two younger men. The strange fellow Jaquet
had filled one of the smaller storerooms with
crystallized girls, without a living girl amongst
them. Perhaps in his singularly involved brain
he had hoped to bring these girls back to life by
means not yet perfected. Or he may have enter-
tained some thought of cutting them up into
jewels, or vases.

  “All dead!” groaned Bailee. “I’d lose the
rest of his wheels and his pendulum besides, if I
had the adjusting of his works.”

  They resumed their search, but could not come
on the man himself, yet the plane was very large
and there was a chance of his hiding for days
from their most thorough quest.

  “We’ll go back slowly over his late course,”
said Davidson. “He may have fallen from the
plane and we owe him this much consideration
in common humanity. Besides, we’ll see more
of the country.”

   “It will be a tedious job looking for this snake
in the grass,” growled Hal-Al. “Leave him to
marry a snake girl, while we go on and take in
the sights.”

  “To oblivion with him!” exclaimed Bailee.

  The little corporal pleaded with the two
younger men not to abandon Jaquet, as he may
have regretted taking the planet-plane and re-
turned to pick them up. It would even appear
that he had returned for them, since he had re-
appeared across their path. He could easily
have betaken himself to some distant planet with-
out fear of any punishment other than inflicted
by his own conscience. And being of such an in-
volved and flexible spirit, he could easily have
shaped his conscience to his own comfort.

  “Well, we’ll give the fellow the benefit of the
doubt, though there isn’t going to be any doubt,”
assented Bailee. “But be reasonable, corporal,
about the time you waste in searching for him,
for you shouldn’t string your pearls of charity in-
to a necklace for a snake.”

  “Very well,” agreed Davidson. “I’ll let the
plane drift low and take watch myself. Mean-
time you two would do well to look about a bit
more for him, for he may be in hiding aboard
with some handsome live bat-girl.”

   The little corporal said this more in jest than
earnest but it proved to be a good stroke, as his
two companions immediately set about to find
the girl, which search would no doubt locate Ja-
quet, if he was aboard.

  Time passed but they could not locate the man,
either a-ship or a-land. Davidson pictured him
as wandering through the scarlet grass, suffer-
ing the torment of the lost, and continually
searching the heavens for some sign of the plan-
et-plane, his body perhaps cruelly shaken from
having fallen from the plane. Finally the two
younger men broke into open rebellion and said
the search was not worth the candle, since David-
son was using them for two of the candles.

  The little corporal agreed to let them take the
H-T and go on about their pleasure, while he re-
mained in possession of the planet-plane and con-
tinued his search for Jaquet. He did not con-
demn them for their point of view, neither would
he surrender his own point, and holding himself
more responsible than they for the return of the
planet-plane to the earth, he refused to surren-
der the great machine to them.

  Bailee grinned. “Wait till we ask for the
planet-plane, and you’ll know when we ask for
it by noticing it’s gone.”

  “We’ll bring you back the third handsomest
girl on the horizon,” said Hal-Al.

THEY stocked the little hydro-terra with sev-
eral weeks’ supply and left, promising to
return within seven days, locating Davidson by
radio.

  When they were gone the little corporal re-
sumed his search for Jaquet. During the first
twelve hours he received five messages from the
two absent men, stating that they were all right.
In the next twelve hours he received but one
message, stating the same fact. Then he re-
ceived no more, and hoped that they had not
been captured and for that reason were unable
to communicate with him, but merely that they
were too busy with their own enjoyments to
trouble to call him up.

  Since they had gone off in open rebellion
against his policies, he was positive they would
be captured and skinned alive before they would
weaken sufficiently as to appeal to him for help;
and for a little while he was ill-natured enough
to wish them a taste of ill-fortune. Then he
laughed at himself for wishing these merry
young fellows ill because they were not made in
a likeness of his own more cautious tempera-
ment.

  He now observed beneath the plane a quan-
tity of ragged, quartz-like deposit lying upon the
ground, where the face of an abrupt ledge had
been mined or broken away. The scarlet color of
this deposit attracted him and, landing the plane
nearby, he examined the quartz. In the next
five hours he had carried aboard the plane suf-
ficient of this quartz to make him the richest
184	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

earth-man of all time, should the stuff prove to
be genuine 4-X-olite, which he was almost posi-
tive it would prove to be.

  Two hours after loading aboard the quartz
which was capable of increasing the life of a
man almost indefinitely—he chanced on sight
of the man Jaquet. He saw him through the
binoculars at a considerable distance, walking
across a level field of scarlet grass, and he was
confident the other was not aware of the ap-
proaching planet-plane since he did not once look
back.

  Davidson immediately docked the plane be-
hind a wood and made after Jaquet on a radio-
cycle. He wished to spy on the man and learn
whether he was armed, before he approached
too closely. He proposed to have it out with the
fellow, either to take him back to the earth under
guard or leave him for good on the scarlet planet,
just as the other should choose.

  Concealing his radiocycle amidst some hand-
some, tall, feather-like growth, he followed Ja-
quet on foot into a compact little wood, and had
soon approached so closely on the latter’s heels
that he could overhear the man conversing with
himself, a habit that many acquire who are
much alone, or of a passionate nature.

  Jaquet seemed to be reminiscent of some lady,
and rather fervid in his praise for one of his years
and mental weight. But Davidson reflected that
he himself had not seen the lady and this might
not be fervor but the honest due of the lovely
subject. They came shortly to the opposite side
of the wood and here the little corporal con-
cealed himself behind a tree while the other man
paced up and down but a few feet away along
the margin of a miniature lake of sparkling
clearness. Suddenly Davidson caught his breath
with surprise.

CHAPTER XIII.

Jaquet and Davidson

FROM the water glided one of those amazing
serpent-women, scaled in opalescent purple
and gold, with a human face as lovely as the fan-
cy could desire. From her white, woman breasts
—the only mark of her human descent or affinity
below her slender neck—the water, issuing from
her ringlets of silken hair, dripped like a string
of crystals.

  Jaquet embraced her and kissed her rosebud
mouth, and led her to a little knoll along the
bank. Seating himself beside her, he broke into
a hundred ejaculations of admiration, love and
delight. He would attempt as if to seize her
hands to kiss, but she had no arms, nor hands,
nor even the rudiments of these, and this was the
only thing that seemed to annoy him in his illu-
sion of love, like a slight vexation that threat-
ened to wake a happy sleeper from a pleasant
dream.

  “Never mind 1” he cried. “You are more ador-
able without arms, for I can take you to myself
without the protest of hands. Venus of the green
old earth has no arms, and Venus with arms

were not Venus, for she were not so wholly yield-
ing.”

  The serpent-woman seemed willing enough to
yield wholly to her lover’s admiration, but David-
son did not fancy either her willingness, nor the
situation. Yet he knew that Jaquet was men-
tally half snake himself—gliding, subtle and
treacherous, and there was a certain consistency
in his unhallowed love.

  The little corporal decided to delay until
Jaquet had taken his leave of the uncertain lady
before he should accost him, when the air be-
came fragrant, as if a bowl of exquisite perfume
had been spilled beneath his nostrils. He held
his breath so that his reason would not surrender
to this seductive odor and slipped back through
the wood and came out into the open beyond.
Flinging himself down behind the tall feather-
like growth where he had left his radiocycle, he
waited for Jaquet to reappear from his amour.
The latter could not come from the wood, or go
far in the opposite direction, but Davidson could
observe him from where he was concealed, and if
necessary quickly overtake him on the speedy
radiocycle.

  He would give the man one chance to return
to the earth on the planet-plane, unaccompanied
by the snake-woman. If Jaquet refused, he
would scarcely have another chance to return
within a lifetime, unless Davidson was mistaken
in his belief that the inhabitants of the scarlet
planet had no means of traversing celestial space.

  An hour later he rose up before Jaquet, as
suddenly as an apparition, as the latter ap-
proached Davidson’s place of concealment. Ja-
quet regarded the little corporal calmly.

  “Well, we meet again!”

  “We do!” replied Davidson. “Was it you who
took the planet-plane?”

  “Not a hazard but a suspicion, I see,” smiled
Jaquet. “Yes, I proclaimed a new mental state
within myself, and commandeered the plane.
Recently, however, I turned it adrift to the buf-
fets of chance,” he continued coolly. “I hoped
that if you and your companions were still alive
you would find it. It is no doubt drifting lazily
somewhere between here and there.”

  Davidson realized that it would be a waste of
passion for him to get angry at this man for ap-
propriating the planet-plane, and later abandon-
ing it, leaving him and his companions wholly
without means to return to the earth. The very
fact that he had renounced the earth showed that
he had renounced every moral standard of the
earth.

“V OU might have taken the pains to return it
1 to us,” said the little corporal. “We cer-
tainly would have appreciated the favor.”

   “I did the act in a moment of recreative enthu-
siasm,” replied the other. “I was, as it were,
carried away from myself into a new self, bom
again of the persuasive thought that if I got rid
of the planet-plane I would get rid at once of the
earth and its myriad vexations. Why should a
brave man be vexed with that which he himself
can put aside?"

  “It was mental suicide of you!” exclaimed Da-
THE SCARLET PLANET	185

vidson. “You are not in adjustment to the ways
of this strange planet, and must begin all over,
like a babe in the cradle.”

  “There is the gist of it!” smiled Jaquet. "To
begin all over, a grown man on an unstaled world
—that is rebirth without the pangs of death or
the weakness of infancy.” He swept his arms
about him. “And here all is novel, all is strange.
Life opens to me again like a book unread: I
feel like Jack at the top of the Beanstalk!”

  “I wish you better luck than I anticipate you,”
replied the little corporal. “But beware of some
of the inhabitants here! We have met with girls
that drink blood, and women with the bodies of
serpents.”

  “The more novel, the more interesting, not the
more evil,” said Jaquet. “Have you met with
many women with the bodies of serpents?”

  Only twice, and then I fled them.”

  “You did best for a self-fearing man,” nodded
Jaquet. “When these serpent women shed tears
of delight and love, their tears have a fragrance
that enslaves you. Beware of their tears, little
corporal! You are not brave enough yet for the
unholy joys.”

  “You speak more in madness than in courage,”
replied Davidson. “However, I will be advised,
and hope you also will shun these ladies, should
you meet with any of them.”

  “Have no fears for me,” said Jaquet. “Fear is
but the lack of / am in a man, and I am every inch
lam."

  The little corporal smiled at the other’s vigor-
ous conceit and pride. “I often feel that way
just after a good lunch, but I weary toward din-
ner time. Come now, if I should locate the plan-
et-plane, do you mean to say that you wish to be
left here, without any reasonable hopes of ever
again seeing the earth? Or is it just a matter of
bravado, since you believe the plane cannot be
recovered?”

  “It is a fine little earth we hail from,” replied
Jaquet. “But it has long lost its freshness and
romance to me, and when romance dies the spirit
is dead. Here every succeeding hour spring as
unstaled as a new day to a youth in love, or a
new verse to a poet! Here I still retain my iden-
tity, but life is all made anew!”

  “If you feel that way about this planet, I
shan’t reason with you to leave it,” said David-
son. “For your reason to remain is more per-
suasive to you than mine to leave. But if you
should change your mind, or your mind should
be changed by unfortunate circumstances, I will
agree to take you back to the earth, should I be
in possession of the planet-plane at the time, and
in touch with you.”

  “I thank you,” bowed Jaquet. “For to begin
from the beginning, without which truth were
incomplete, and that beginning is myself, since
without myself the beginning were incomplete,
I see that you are a reasonable man in not press-
ing me to change my opinion. For I hold my own
conclusions as always best, and hold you as a
reasonable man since you conform to my opin-
ion of reasonableness. Not as another thinks and
believes, but as I think and believe—that is my
will and faith. For what can another do more

than think and believe, and cannot I do the
same?”

  “Very well,” nodded Davidson. “I see that I
have no argument that will reach you till you are
a better or a humbler man. I shall leave you
now, and, after taking in a little of this planet, re-
turn to the earth and make my report to my sup-
eriors, and thank God I still have superiors, to
help sustain my own imperfect being.”

Treachery!

  T AQUET shrugged his shoulders almost indif-
J ferently. “Then you have recovered the
planet-plane.”

  “I’m in touch with it,” admitted Davidson.
“Would you like anything from it before I pass
out of your call?”

  “Nothing whatever. I choose to have no ravels
of the earth to weave into my new garment. Be-
sides, since they banished the devil from the
earth, or he left it in sheer weariness of its medi-
ocrity, it has become merely an old aunties’ para-
dise. I would not array my flaming spirit in the
shreds and patches of a dear old lady’s gown!”
“May I ask why you stocked the plane with
those crystallized girls?” inquired Davidson.

  “You may ask,” replied Jaquet. “But the best
answer to one’s own question is one’s own an-
swer, for a wise man will accept no answer but
his own, and a fool doesn’t matter.”

  Davidson saw that Jaquet was too independ-
ent to deal with. Or perhaps the latter suspected
an intrusion on his love tryst and was angered at
that breach of privacy. Or, it may be, Jaquet
feared Davidson as a possible rival to the affec-
tions of the serpent-woman.

  The little corporal extended his hand. “I wish
you luck! But this thing of permanently detach-
ing yourself from humanity, while still with the
body of a man, may prove rather disastrous to
your mind.”

  “I have no fear for my mind,” smiled Jaquet.
“Nothing can upset me but myself, and I refuse
to upset myself.”

  “You are some philosopher,” yielded David-
son. “But there are yet some things that can
dash the philosophy out of the sturdiest philoso-
pher and leave him but a groping, broken old
man. You had better return to the earth and cast
your lot with other men, till you have some other
form than the human form.”

  Jaquet put the advice aside as a man might a
handful of marbles offered him by a boy. “You
cannot move me for I am self-moved only, and I
hold that there is only cowardice between a man
and all attainment. Who puts off fear has eaten
of the tree of life and become as the gods. I
wish you a pleasant journey back to the earth
and remember, though, you may sometime cast
your mind into me, you cannot plummet me.”
The little corporal took it that Jaquet was
merely politely telling him to go to the devil.
That he didn’t want his company. But Davidson
wanted his companion to give over this madness
for the serpent-woman, and return with him to
the earth. Perhaps Bailee and Hal-Al had al-
ready got themselves into a net of folly, from
186	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

which he would be unable to extricate them, and
he would be compelled to make the long voyage
home alone. He was of an average sociable dis-
position and while loneliness was not intolerable
to him, it was very trying. He could not go long
on his own bare companionship without distress,
and was inclined to believe that those who did,
with few exceptions, ate too much of their own
liver to be healthy, or at least happy.

  “Come,” he urged Jaquet. “Help me unload
these dead crystallized girls from the plane, and
return them where you got them. They are not
paintings nor jewels, man, but dead women, and
the inhabitants of this planet may hope that by
the advancement of science they may some day
be able to resurrect their dead, and so have pre-
served them in that hope. Or, for all we know,
they may not be dead, but were aystallized alive,
and these inhabitants already have the science
to resurrect them at will. At least respect the
feeling of the living for their dead, if you do not
respect the dead.”

«T have forgotten where I gathered them,”
A replied Jaquet. “Some here, some there,
but all from the bright waters. Take them back
with you to the earth and show the earth how
beautiful death can be made. Every dead a
jewel, every lost love an everlasting possession
of crystal. The earth preserves the voices of the
dead, and their pictures, but here are the dead
themselves. No .closed, cold tomb; but the in-
dividual form of individual love. What a noble
planet we have chanced upon! How rich in
pleasure, how void of care! How thoughtless,
where thought were only sorrow! How virtuous,
not to make cold virtue its gladless quest!”

  “Have they no towns or cities?” inquired
Davidson.

  “I came on several cities of men with pig-ser-
pent heads,” replied Jaquet. “And also on a
city of forbidden ladies.”

  “Girl-harpies, that drink your blood,” nodded
Davidson.

  “Mere milk-and-moonshine girls!” exclaimed
Jaquet. “But these women of The City of For-
bidden Ladies—they are as terrible as they are
surpassingly beautiful!” He would discover no
more, either because he had chanced on some
city of unholy women whose profligacy had
shocked even his too liberal mind, or because he
was fabricating the whole business, and his best
lie was silence.

  “Is this city very distant?” inquired Davidson,
recalling Bailee and Hal-Al, and fearing that
they might have come on danger or death from
that quarter.

  “I kept no reckoning of distance: it may be
near or far. Should you tome on this city you
will scarcely believe what you see for a time, but
think yourself mad, and these forbidden ladies
—clothed in the luminous light of their own
beauty—but a vision of your own madness. But
all is as real as the eyes in your head that wit-
ness these ladies at their dreadful revels.”

  “You seem to have come off scot-free,” said
Davidson.

  Jaquet touched his forehead. “Even I was

shaken here by the sights I witnessed.” He put
his shirt aside and displayed a broad frightful-
looking scar encircling his body. “Where their
laughing mouths ringed me with kisses!”

  The little corporal suspected the tale. Jaquet
could have been scarred by any of a dozen sor-
did accidents. Yet there might be such a city of
forbidden ladies, and Davidson’s anxiety for
Bailee and Hal-Al increased.

  “Come,” he said. “I must be going: I’ve work
to do. Do I understand it is your final resolution
not to return to the earth, but remain here and
cast your lot with these amazing inhabitants?”
“The earth!” Jaquet smiled. “I have drank
that cup dry and here is a new cup, filled to the
brim with a sparkling liquor of a most delightful
bouquet. Would you dash that cup from my lips
just as I am about to drink of it?”

  “It’s poisonous!” warned the little corporal.
“It will kill you before you can become adjusted
to it.”

  “Death has its worlds too,” replied Jaquet.
“I’ve many a true friend in those worlds, and if
there is a way into death, there is a way out, and
who finds one can find the other. You cannot
alarm me or turn me from my purpose with that
wheel in your mouth. I’ve as good a wheel of
words in my own mouth, that can answer you
word for word, and none can persuade me but
myself.”

  Davidson extended his hand. “Good luck to
you, and I hope you will keep yourself from too
great danger, and maintain the better customs
of the earth among these peculiar people.”
Jacquet took the hand of the little corporal
and pressed it, and in another moment the latter
found himself on his back with all the breath
knocked out of him, and his treacherous com-
panion winding a cord about his arms and legs,
making him a prisoner. For the space of a
thought, Davidson could not believe he had been
tricked and trapped, but fancied he had been
paralyzed by some ray, and the other was seek-
ing to recover him. Then he realized the situa-
tion : he had trusted a snake and the snake had
fanged him. He struggled to regain his freedom,
but the cord was tougher than his muscles could
crack, and his enemy’s strength was greater than
his own.

Stranded!

HE snarled in disgust. “Pass me a thistle! I
was an ass to trust a snake!”

  “Softly,” replied Jaquet. “To each man is
given his turn to win, and the next time will be
your turn to win, and mine to lose. Where’s
the planet-plane?”

  “Find it!” was all Davidson would answer.
“Quick!” commanded Jaquet. “Or I’ll throw
you to a spider-woman and she’ll lay her eggs in
your liver.”

  For a moment the little corporal grew cold
about the heart. There was something fright-
ful in the other’s threat, which seemed not so
impossible on this great scarlet planet with its
strange forms of life. But Davidson held his
tongue: all was not lost till courage was lost.
THE SCARLET PLANET	187

  Jaquet must have felt that it would take longer
to wring the truth from his stubborn prisoner
than to locate the plane, for he bound the latter
to the tandem of the radiocycle with some cords
he drew from his belt and, mounting the ma-
chine, began slowly to retrace the way that Da-
vidson had lately come, by the faint indentations
of the wheels in the soil and grass.

  After some time he came around a wood and
in sight of the planet-plane. Instantly he was as
erect and alert as a young man filled with a fine
new enterprise and, dashing up to the plane,
dismounted, leaving Davidson still bound to the
radiocycle, to tumble unregarded to the grass.
It may be he had never abandoned the plane
but had accidentally fallen from it, or in some
way it had mounted and drifted away while he
was absent.

  Yet he may have as suddenly decided to re-
cover it as he had previously suddenly decided
to abandon it A few minutes later he had ob-
tained access to the plane, and the great ma-
chine rose and vanished.

  Davidson lay motionless awhile and gave him-
self the silent lash of his own contempt. He had
thought to be sincere with a man wholly insin-
cere; he had thought to gather figs from a this-
tle and all he had for his reward was a handful
of thorns. “Well, life is said to be but a play!”
he mused. “But I’ll be hanged if I like this
actor!”

  He was still quite alive and uninjured except
in fortune, and after a time he succeeded in
working himself free of his bonds. He examined
the radiocycle and found there was sufficient
power in the tank for about three thousand miles
of travel, and he still had his automatic and some
ammunition. He might yet get into communi-
cation with Hal-Al and Bailee and, with the lit-
tle H-T again in his command, chance on the
planet-plane. The two young fellows would
now have the best of him since, with all his sup-
posed superior judgment, he had lost the plane;
and that too, by trusting a known opportunist
But at least he had not been thrown to a half-
human spider, and this was some consolation.

  He mounted the radiocycle and returned to
the neighborhood where he had first seen the
serpent-woman. If Jaquet had not already re-
moved her to the plane, perhaps he would re-
turn to do so, or to continue his liaison with her.

  For hours he hung about the locality, waiting
for the man to reappear, or something to turn
up; for every line of communication was cut
between himself and those he sought, and he was
thrown on pure chance. His immediate busi-
ness was to keep alive and in good spirits till
chance should favor him with some clew to the
whereabouts of his friends or enemy, and if
chance should not favor him within a reasonable
time, he would move on and keep searching, for
chance serves effort, since effort opens a wider
field for chance.

  The motto of the Runner of Navare was ON.
So when, after twenty hours and Jaquet did not
reappear, nor could the little corporal catch any
glimpse of the serpent-woman about the pool,
he proceeded to move onward in the direction

which Hal-Al and Bailee had taken. He pushed
the radiocycle beside him, for he had decided
to ride only in emergencies.

  For a period of time that would have been
many days and nights on the earth he moved
onward, afoot, through a country abounding
with game and fruit, but no creature of human-
like form or intelligence crossed his path.
Neither did he meet with any spheres. The coun-
try was pleasant enough but was abandoned.
He fancied that perhaps there waS something
about it inimical to the health or life of the na-
tives, but which had no effect upon him.

  Yet the four-footed creatures were all healthy
enough. Finally he concluded that he was mov-
ing across some private domain to which admis-
sion was forbidden, or it was the scene of some
old war or distress of spirit that was so cursed
of memory that no inhabitant would tread its
soil. Vexed by his slow progress afoot, once he
mounted the radiocycle and raced many miles,
but still without a glimpse of a sphere or an in-
habitant.

  He was about to turn sharply off to his right,
hoping thereby to chance sooner on an inhabited
country, when he came suddenly on a sight to
discourage even a stouter heart than his own,
and made him ask himself, “What’s the use?”
But the man who cannot in some way answer that
question is of little use himself.

CHAPTER XIV.

Reunited!

DIRECTLY before Davidson, smashed into
shapelessness, and half buried in the
ground where it had nosed its own grave from
some frightful descent from the skies, lay the
little hydro-terra scout-plane. He went down on
his knees with all the heart out of him and
searched for the forms of his two late merry
companions. This, then, was their end, and he
was poor indeed not to have died with them.
Life, at best, is but worth the good friends we
have.

  But soon his search showed him that the two
men had not fallen with the plane, but must have
fallen previously to its descent. Perhaps in some
merry scuffle one of them had fallen overboard
and the other, finding himself unable to swing
the plane beneath him and save him, had cast
himself after him to die in the same manner.

  For hours he searched the country about but
came on no trace of their bodies. He returned
to the plane but it was too smashed for him to
judge why it had fallen. Cooler judgment as-
serted itself now and he recalled that the con-
struction of the plane was such that had any
mere accident happened aloft it would have
fluttered and drifted downward like a falling
leaf, and have been but slightly damaged, unless
it had been caught in some elemental disturb-
ance. That it had been smashed in this cloudless
and windless locality showed that the engine had
been left running purposely and the plane de-
liberately directed downwards. Was it possible
that the men had been bereft of their senses
188	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

while in the air, the effect of some food or drink,
and had suicided. Or had the treacherous Ja-
quet come on the little plane while its pilots were
absent and, taking it aloft, shot it downward like
a rocket to its destruction?

  He felt reasonably confident that Jaquet had
not killed either Hal-Al or Bailee, for to his
knowledge the man had never shown any direct
maliciousness towards individual human life. His
curve of crime inclined differently. The little
corporal now encamped on the first hill and,
mapping the country about, searched it for hours
through his binoculars, till his eyes rebelled and
would toil for his anxious heart no more. Then
he fell asleep with his head on the front wheel
of the radiocycle.

  There was a considerable wood not far distant
and when Davidson awakened he decided to
learn what lay beyond. He had no sooner round-
ed the heel of this wood than he came on Hal-Al
and Bailee. They were again fighting, but not in
sport. He hurried forward and slashed a flow-
ering branch between them, but they sprang at
one another straight through the branch like
two wild animals. They were both bleeding
about the face.

  The little corporal threatened the younger
men with his Metzer but they were too angry at
one another to heed him. Then he threw him-
self into the fight—since he disliked to put the
others to sleep with his cocaine pistol—and suc-
ceeded in knocking out of them what little wind
they had left one another. He was able to pick
out the choicest parts of their anatomy, as they
were both groggy and scarcely heeded him in
their desire to land the other a knock-out blow.

  He finally got them well apart and sat on Hal-
Al. Davidson too was feeling his own devil’s
oats. He had lost the planet-plane, and they
had lost the H-T, and so between them they had
lost the earth and made a mess of hope in gener-.
al. The whole situation was particularly nasty,
and chameleon like, or more correctly human-
like, he partook much of the color of the situa-
tion.

  Finally he got from Hal-Al’s chest. “Well,
will we have peace now?” he demanded.

  Hal-Al rose to his knees unsteadily and cursed
Bailee. “The damn fool—went back for more!”

  “More what?” rasped Davidson.

  “Girls!” half panted, half groaned Hal-Al.
“And we had three!”

  Bailee wiped the blood from his lips. “I want-
ed just one more to make it even! Oh, the beau-
ties!”

   Hal-Al tried to get at Bailee, but the little cor-
poral held him off with a branch. “You’ve
smashed the H-T! Now smash some of this non-
sense in yourself for a change!"

  “Oh, the beauties!” groaned Bailee. “And all
gone!”

  “To hell!” groaned Hal-Al.

How It Happened

«/lOME out of this madness!” commanded
Vj Davidson, but knowing he had lost all auth-
ority over the others. “If there were four girls

in one place there must be others to be had with-
out beating one another into a goulash.”

  “’Tis a good word!” grunted Hal-Al. “His
brains are only a goulash of garlic and rotten
mackerel!”

  “Maybe—” began Bailee.

  “Forget it!” snarled Hal-Al. “You can’t kiss
a maybe.”

  “I passed the H-T a short ways back,” David-
son now informed them. “It’s soup!”

  Bailee grinned feebly. “We were hunting for
it, but the fight wouldn’t keep. Were there any
left among the scraps?”

  “I came on no evidence of blood or flesh about
it,” replied Davidson understanding^. “How
did you wreck the machine?”

  “It was this way, corporal,” began Bailee.
“Begin with the sense of it and you won’t have
to begin at all,” growled Hal-Al. “The girls are
gone, the plane’s gone, and the little respect the
buzzards had for you is gone, and that's the end
,of it!”

  “It was this way, corporal. We came to a
great blue wall—me the man, and him the fish.
And there was a blush and a smell in the air like
morning-glories and roses around your first
sweetheart’s door. It would have made a sick
clam seize a pen in his fin and write a poem.”
“Write it!” commented Hal-Al.

  “Go suck that all-day sucker I gave you!” re-
torted Bailee. “We looked through a little port-
hole in this wall and there were all the girls you
ever dreamt of having, and all the girls you ever
wanted to kiss and couldn’t get a chance; and all
the girls you had promised yourself, when your
star came out of its eclipse.”

  “He lies!” groaned Hal-Al. “It isn’t half the
truth or poetry of it! These girls—but we
musn’t speak of such things to an old codger like
you, corporal. ’Twould break your heart to set
a banquet like this before you, and you haven’t
even false teeth.”

   The little corporal laughed in their faces. “Be-
cause an older man has a brake on himself, you
think he has no speed. Go on; tell me of these
schoolgirls.”

  Bailee licked his lips. “Schoolgirls! I’d like
to teach a primary class in that school. But
never mind, corporal, we know you’ve got the
speed, but why do you pass by all the girl sig-
nals?”

  “Let’s be moving!” growled Hal-Al. “There’s
nothing here but talk about what isn’t here.”
“We came to this little port-hole in the big
blue wall,” resumed Bailee. “And we were on
foot, for we had hid the plane a ways back in
a wood in a moment of weakness called caution,
but I was for taking the plane with us.”

  “Go on!” commanded Hal-Al. “Why stop
lying; you can’t hope to tell the truth?”

  Bailee grinned. “Be quiet! Don’t interrupt
your own funeral! There were no bars over
this port-hole in the wall, but it was just big
enough for me to squeeze through. Hal, on
account of the stale beef below his neck, couldn’t
quite make it.”

  “Go on,” snarled Hal-Al. “What ain’t of
you between your chin and your nose, ain’t!”
THE SCARLET PLANET	189

  Bailee resumed. "There were four girls walk-
ing on a golden walk near the port-hole just be-
side a fountain.”

  “You lie!” said Hal-Al. “They were walking
on air and singing, with big rainbow bubbles
floating around them.”

  “I’m telling it to be believed,” sighed Bailee.
“If I told the whole truth and nothing but the
truth, he’d never believe me again. There they
were, four of them, dressed in a kind of pink
cobweb, with assertions of their own sweetness.”
“Cut out the assertions,” growled Hal-Al. “The
corporal has come into his second innocence,
which you should respect.”

  “There they were,” resumed Bailee, groaning.
“Singing among the shining fountains of bub-
bles! Oh, the beauties! the beauties!”

  “You must have come to the City of Forbid-
den Ladies,” nodded Davidson.

  “ ’Tis a good name,” said Bailee. “They must
be forbidden, for no real man could do a day’s
work again after seeing one of them. He’d be
talking with his hands as well as his mouth, to
tell you about her sweetness, and couldn’t work
but with his feet.”

HAL-AL turned over with a groan and bit at
the grass.

  “There were four of them!” Bailee bit at the
scarlet grass himself, and spit it out. “And I
choose the two left ones and Hal choose the two
right ones, and we shot them in their sweet limbs
with our Metzers and waited for the sleep.”
“You cads!” rasped Davidson.

  “Nothing doing on that wire!” retorted Bailee.
“We were men wanting our Jills, and Jack shall
have Jill, blow fair or foul. It’s all in the law
of the pursuit of happiness, the first law and
last law and only law; and all who talk of other
laws but do so for their own better pursuit of
happiness. What, don’t you know that the true
meaning of life is to kiss all the pretty girls, and
fight all the bold lads, and keep a merry heart
till Wop, the Worm, gets you?”

  “If I were big enough I’d thrash you both for
daring to presume on the hospitality of this coun-
ty by kidnapping its ladies!” glared the little
corporal.

  Bailee grinned. “Don’t you thrash me, mis-
ter, for I’m growing bigger every day and you’re
growing smaller.”

  "Go on with your story,” said Davidson,
laughing under his ragged mustache at the whol-
ly natural young fellow, whose passions, while
not refined by any large culture, were yet whole-
some with sheer health and youth.

  “Then the sleep came on the four girls,” re-
sumed Bailee, “and I crawled through the little
port-hole and passed Hal two girls and followed
with one, being alarmed before I could get a
good hold on the other. We returned to the
plane and had a few words over this other girl,
Hal talking about as sensible as a pink baboon.

  “I went back and had to delay a bit before the
coast was clear and Hal came on, to look me up,
and before I could get the fourth girl a crowd
of other girls came dancing towards where she
was sleeping, and we made back to the plane to

talk it over with our hands, and when we got
there, there we both were, and that’s all there
was there—a man and a fish. The plane was
gone and the girls were gone, and we came on
fighting and hunting for the girls and plane, and
we’ve been coming on ever since fighting and
hunting for the girls and the plane.

  “We feared the girls had awakened from the
sleep, being more fairies fhan girls, and not so
subject to the cocaine, and had started the plane,
and as we had set the combination so that the
plane would run and not fly, we hoped to come
on it somewhere before long, caught among the
trees or tall grass. But the nut of hope isn’t all
that the poets crack it up to be. Sometimes it’s
got more worms in it than nuttiness. Like Hal.”
Davidson broke the news that he had lost the
planet-plane, and added that no doubt Jaquet
had seen the little H-T where the men had left
it with the three girls aboard, and had installed
the girls in the planet-plane and sent the little
hydro-terra to its destruction.

  “’Tis best!” said Hal-Al. "The girls might
have got killed if they had managed to start
the H-T. I’ll kill that snake Jaquet for kissing
them, but I’ll put a nice headstone over his grave
afterwards for saving them.”

     “You’ll never find that snake to scotch him,”
sighed Bailee. “The curses of a just saint
wouldn’t harm him. He’d paint ’em green and
pass ’em off for good money.”

  Davidson now suggested that they keep back
over the same way that they had recently come
and spy on the Forbidden City, to learn if the
man Jaquet was anywhere about the locality.

  At his suggestion of returning to the Forbid-
den City, Hal-Al and Bailee winked openly at
one another, then began to rub the little corpor-
al’s ears pretty hard with the rough knuckles
of their wit. But he let them rub, only faintly
protesting that it was not the girls of the city he
wished to spy on, but the man Jaquet. He saw
that it would sooner cement their friendship
to have him to pick on than to have one another,
and he had no petty vanity for which he would
sacrifice good policy.

  He persuaded them to accompany him and
look over the wreck of the H-T, to consider if
anything could be done with it. It was hopeless
for its original purposes, but they managed to
assemble sufficient parts to make a sidecar for
the radiocycle, in which to carry one of their
party, as well as some salvaged supplies. Forty
pounds of solidified radiolite * was saved from
the debris, and, altogether Davidson felt they
had practiced a little coup on calamity.

The City of Forbidden Ladies

THE younger men were impatient to return to
the Forbidden City and Davidson thought
it would be more sportsmanlike, and better pol-
icy besides, to say nothing about saving their ra-
diolite by walking instead of riding. So he
joined them on the radiocycle and they proceed-

ed,	their pace cut down considerably by addi-
tion of the side car and luggage.

  • The radioactive element that operates the cycles.
190	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Long before they came to the great purple
wall they located it with the binoculars, and
when they drew near to the Forbidden City they
proceeded in the cool obscurity afforded by a
wonderful wood of tall, graceful fern-like trees,
with large scarlet blossoms.

  “Just like looking at Hal’s brain,” grinned
Bailee, as they dismounted from the radiocycle
and regarded the purple wall beyond. “You are
only conscious of a proximity to an obstruction.
Now to locate the little post-hole and elope with
three handsome girls.”

  “What will you have, corporal?” demanded
Hal-Al. “A brunette, blonde, or such a dashing,
smashing beauty that you’ll never notice the color
of her eyebrows for seven years?”

  “I’ll choose the girl myself,” smiled Davidson.
“I’m very particular about her voice, and the way
she treats animals, for I’m one. We’ll conceal
the radiocycle here among this group of trees
and the first one in distress can make use of it to
escape, but with the understanding that he is to
do his best to return and pick up any other who
is hiding about. I’m going to climb the highest
tree and look over the wall into the city through
the binoculars.

  “It may be possible that Jaquet has returned
the three girls he found aboard the H-T, and is
holding friendly relations with the inhabitants,
as a reward for recovering the girls. Perhaps if
we are careful not to offend the hospitality of the
city, we may be admitted within the walls and
gain the love of three of these girls without en-
dangering our lives.”

  “Love, courtship and marriage, mother-in-law,
home and heaven!” sighed Bailee. “How long
do you want us to follow your idea, corporal, be-
fore it tastes sour to yourself?”

  “Forty-eight hours,” hazarded Davidson.

  “If meantime these girls don’t function to love
and kindness, have we got your vote to do a bit
of gentlemanly cave stuff?” demanded Hal-Al.

  “Men," said the little corporal, “I^m no longer
in any authority over you, but just a fellow coun-
try-man in a tight hole alongside with you, and
because of my disposition this tight hole seems to
be squeezing me a little tighter than it squeezes
you, and consequently squeezes a little more cau-
tion into my head.

  “This is a huge planet we are now on and so
much larger than the earth, and probably so far
less human, that its inhabitants may have grad-
ually gathered into fixed groups, each distinct
in their mental tastes, and perhaps more or less
distinct in forms of body. The people living be-
hind this high wall may be a handsome and kind-
ly race, of fine culture, and as we would expect
them to observe the laws and customs on the
earth, were they transported there, we should be
willing to go as far with them as we would ask
them to go with us.”

  Bailee grinned. “If culture makes girls like
these, I’m out for culture and running strong for
myself.”

  “I’ll put all my votes in your basket,” nodded
Hal-Al. “But I’ll hold the basket.”

  “You are both merry men,” said Davidson,
“and I wish you a merry success. But remember,

if you have nothing better to offer this walled
city than violence you need not expect to get and
long hold that which is the product of the very
opposite of violence. Now I’m going to climb the
tallest tree I can find and study the minds behind
this wall, before I have a fall-out with them.”

HAL-AL nodded agreeably. “And meantime
we’ll go on ahead and look over the ground
at about a fistful of distance away, and among
the three of us we should get the length, breadth,
and thickness of the dimensions of trouble.”

  They concealed the radiocycle beneath a quan-
tity of broken branches, then the two younger
men hurried off with more speed than caution to-
wards that side of the purple wall lying nearest
while Davidson sought out a very tall tree. Keep-
ing to the main body, for the branches were
rather brittle, he mounted almost to the extreme
top among a cluster of magnificent scarlet blos-
soms over eighty meters from the ground.

  Before him, and beyond the wall, lay the pan-
orama of a great city, but so different from any
city of the earth that at first he thought it but a
vast estate of some luxurious trillionaire. A kind
of glorified landscape garden, composed of a
zone of exquisite parks, set with lakes and pools
of variously tinted waters, like jewels.

  There were broad highways, and avenues, and
lanes and paths, and greater and lesser groups of
flowering trees and shrubbery, while everywhere
were fountains that threw up, not water, nor
spray, but sheer bubbles, that floated and danced
and collided and burst, till the air was bright
with their rainbow colors and sweet with a frag-
rance that may have exhaled from them.

  There were no buildings of any sort, after the
manner of buildings on the earth, but lying like
pearls of dew on a great variegated leaf, the
whole panorama before him was splendid with
large crystal spheres, some of which were noise-
lessly gliding about as if moving to a definite
position, but the greater majority were as mo-
tionless as buildings. These spheres, no doubt,
were the houses of the inhabitants, capable of
bearing their owners wherever their fancies
should dictate. These people were always at
home, for they took their homes with them.

  For a time Davidson studied the city and
searched it length and breadth for some sight of
the planet-plane, but his search was fruitless.
Occasionally he trained his glasses on his two
companions, who were creeping about the base
of the sheer thirty-meter wall, seeldng for an en-
trance. They were as eager as two bear-cubs af-
ter honey, and the honey was there. For about
the pools and lakes and fountains of this Forbid-
den City danced thousands of lovely forms,
whose feminity the little corporal was assured
of by their gracefulness.

  Bailee and Hal-Al now disappeared behind
some bloom-weighted shrubbery growing at the
base of the purple wall, and as the minutes
passed and they did not reappear. Davidson con-
cluded that they must have gained access to the
Forbidden City. His jaw twisted. They were
two fine examples of young men of class C-3,
but they were now engaged about a piece of busi-
THE SCARLET PLANET

ness which had little to excuse it but youth and
hot blood. Much as he liked both of them and
needed their society, he proposed that they
should not play the barbarians except with bar-
barians. He abhorred a kill-sport, but this sport
seemed to him all one-sided, which is not sport,
but the very contrary, for the soul of sport is
mutual consent.

  Suddenly through his binoculars he espied the
two men come from behind the bloom-laden
shrubbery and dash towards the wood where the
radiocycle was concealed. Each bore a slender,
captive in his arms and bore her so lightly that
he judged their excitement had given them un-
natural strength, or else the ladies of this For-
bidden City were slight as earth girls of twelve.

IT is a difficult position to be placed suddenly
on a footing of moral opposition against a
comrade, and on such a footing Davidson was
placed upon seeing Hal-Al and Bailee approach-
ing with their all too human-like burdens. They

CHAPTER XV.

A Prison of Bubbles

AS Hal-Al and Bailee hurried forward tow-
ards the wood, bearing their precious bur-
dens, and the little corporal raced towards them,
a tremendous wave of exquisitely bright bub-
bles, of every dimension from a boy’s marble to
the size of a push-ball at an athletic meet, swept
down upon them, shutting out every view but
that of their own amazed faces and the lovely
faces of the two ladies kidnapped from the For-
bidden City.

  For a minute Davidson was confused, fancy-
ing that they were beset by a million varied
spheres, each containing some manner of pigmy

(Illurtratwn ty Paul)

The no-man shot out of the corporal’s hands, like an
arrow from a bow and raced with astounding speed
for the sphere.

would have fought off ten furies to have pro-
tected their burdens from danger, all but from
the danger of themselves.

  Davidson had decided to cross their too ardent
wooing, and now descended from the tree, slid-
ing, jumping, falling, any way to get down quick-
ly and safely. He landed on both feet and get-
ting from the wood raced towards his compan-
ions. He proposed to tell them that the wood
was beset by enemies and they must drop their
burdens and run at top speed toward a distant
wood to the left, where their pursuers might not
follow. He knew that it would be as useless to
plead with them to return the girls as to plead
with fire not to burn.

  Then there befell the three men an experi-
ence that would have passed their belief had it
been told of others.

engineer, but on smashing at a bubble with his
automatic butt and witnessing it burst into thin
air, he grasped the situation more definitely.
The Forbidden City had buried them in an aval-
anche of harmless bubbles, to shut off their view
and surround and attack them.

  The two younger men dropped to their knees
and glared about in rage at the flood of bubbles
overwhelming them and delaying their flight,
with their lovely captives. They could breathe
as well as ever and move about freely, and when
the bubbles burst, as they jabbed at them with
their automatics, they did not give forth any dan-
gerous gas, but a delightful fragrance. They
could but plunge on—into the hands of the ene-
my, or some trap. Or by great good luck into
the shelter of the wood, where perhaps they
could climb above the bubbles.
192	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “Oh, the sweet girls!” groaned Bailee, gazing
down on the loveliest female face that Davidson
had ever seen, so lovely that he glimpsed his own
two bronzed hands stretched before him among
the bubbles to take the girl into his arms. “The
damned beetles would have had them both in
another minute!”

   “Beetles!” exclaimed the little corporal.
Hal-Al swept the bubbles from before his face,
like a mass of clinging butterflies. “The girls
were chained with strings of pearls to a tall gold
column and two big seven-foot stick-bugs were
smelling them over!” His bared arm swept like
a boomerang of bronze over his shoulder towards
where he judged lay the Forbidden City. “And
damn the law that says they aren’t ours, since we
saved them from such a fate!”

  Bailee threw his free arm before him. “I was
running this way, when the damned bubbles
came!” he panted. “The radiocycle was
straight ahead.” Seizing up his burden he
plunged forward through the bubbles, followed
by Hal-Al with the other girl. Davidson came
at their heels, holding to Hal-Al’s shirt so as not
to lose sight of him.

  The little corporal had attempted to swallow
the tale of the ropes of pearl, and gold column,
and seven-foot stick-bugs, but the whole airy bub-
ble broke into a bitter spume of laughter in
his throat. His companions were two choice
liars, but this last story was a little too choice.
They had merely seized on two beautiful girls
for their sweethearts and made for cover with
them, and told him a tale of saving the girls from
a horrible death to keep his jaw from wagging
at their barbarism.

  Suddenly they seemed to meet with resistance
from the bubbles, and in a few moments were
able to proceed only with considerable effort.
Then to Davidson’s amazement and despair, and
to the rage of his companions, they found they
could not proceed further without extreme ef-
fort. The bubbles about them had become al-
most as substantial and rigid as thick spheres of
fixed glass. Neither could they any longer smash
the bubbles; the butt of their automatics re-
bounded from them as from some tough, un-
breakable crystal. They attempted to turn off
to the right, then the left, then turn back, but
found themselves everyway in a like evil situa-
tion. They were shut in a trap by their invisible
enemy, who might give them no quarter.

THEY were not crushed by the bubbles closing
about them like a matrix, and the air still
circulated freely so that they were not in danger
of suffocation, while the younger men could still
swear as freely as they breathed. But this was
the extent of their liberties.

   “I’m sad for once, and a little afraid!” sighed
Bailee, wiping at the sweat on his forehead, and
it took all the strength in his arm to press the
bubbles away to do so. “Let’s not believe a damn
thing of it but the girls, and see what happens.
They say it’s all in the thinking, anyway, and
here’s our chance to prove it.”

  Hal-Al pressed back his powerful shoulders

  and began to roar maledictions upon the unseen
enemy.

  “They cannot kill us in this manner without
killing the girls, too,” said Davidson. “And they
will scarcely kill their own kind.”

  Bailee kissed the wonderfully lovely face of
his silent captive. “Cheer up, my girl! Maybe
it isn’t so bad after all to a merry heart!”

  Hal-Al began to snarl like a caged lion, and
Davidson feared the man’s heart would burst
with rage, or at least his spleen burst, at his help-
lessness.

  Suddenly the little corporal turned to Bailee.
“Put her down,” he commanded. “She’s not a
girl, nor even an animal.”

  “You lie!” retorted Bailee, not grasping the
other’s meaning. “She’s but fainted and not
dead.”

  “She never was alive,” said Davidson. "Look,
you sorry fools, these girls are but some form
of statuary, some yielding plastic creation of art
that you have mistaken for blood in your mad
excitement!”

  “Hell!” said Bailee, after a little time. “Oh,
hell!”

  “Let me die now!” growled Hal-Al. “I might
live and trust his fool word again.” He moved
a ponderous but helpless fist in the face of Bail-

ee.

  “You grabbed as quick as I!” retorted the lat-
ter. “I only saw them first, chained to the col-
umn.” He put aside the lovely face. “I thought
she was awful still, but who would have thought
she was not real.”

  “Uh!” grunted Hal-Al. “And I smashed the
face off one of those stick-bugs that was nosing
the girls. I suppose he wasn’t real, either, but
the whole thing some damn work of art.”

  The two younger men now fell to fighting
among the bubbles, and heaved back and forth
with ineffectual blows, like men struggling under
a weight of heavy loose chains.

  For a time the little corporal was furiously
angry at both of his companions. They had
rushed through an opening in the purple wall
and seized on what in their extreme haste and
excitement had appeared to be two beautiful
girls in distress, but were only a part of some
wonderfully life-like work of art, and for this
uesless escapade they were now in danger of
losing their liberty, if not their lives. And Dav-
idson had thrown away his one chance for safety
in an attempt to restore these supposed girls to
their liberty.

  Suddenly Bailee left off fighting and began to
laugh. “A damned statue! And I told her I
could whip my weight in rip saws and promised
her a seven room flat with perfume parlor in
Omaha!” He laid back against the support of
bubbles and roared. “And you should have seen
Hal whacking the face off that seven-foot stick-
bug!”

  “Shut your jaw!” commanded Davidson.
“Climb on Hal’s shoulders, if you can, and I’ll
climb on yours, and maybe I can see over these
bubbles. There’s probably less .pressure from
above than around us.”
THE SCARLET PLANET	193

The Crystal Vision

WITH great difficulty Bailee worked his way
upwards to the shoulders of Hal-Al, and the
little corporal succeeded in getting at last to
Bailee’s shoulders, where, standing erect, he
could just see over the bubbles, as a man might
over an avalanche of stones that had buried him
to the neck.

  He attempted to climb higher and lay flat on
the surface of the wave of bubbles, that he might
learn if he could creep forward and escape in
this manner, but this feat proved impossible as
the bubbles were so slippery that in spite of their
firmness he could not get any foothold on them
to climb higher. But he had seen enough to
hope. The bubbles extended scarcely three met-
ers to his left, on which side was the wood. If
they could force their way forward that short
distance they might run for it and escape.

  He descended and informed the others of the
situation and they immediately made a wedge
and forced their way slowly forward, and sud-
denly burst from the bubbles with such force
that they fell headlong to the ground. In an in-
stant they were up and running towards the
wood.

  What happened behind them they never knew
for they did not waste an instant to look back,
but, reaching the wood, plunged into it like three
fishes back into water. Luckily they were able
to keep together and continued until they felt
they dared pause and take stock of their luck.

  “Well!” demanded Davidson, being the least
winded and first to speak. “Will this be enough
of that fool’s paradise?”

  Hal-Al rubbed his chin savagely. “It is im-
possible to do myself justice with words! I
would like to smash something rotten!” He
edged towards Bailee.

  Bailee grinned. “Don’t strike me, Hal! Kiss
sister!”

  “Shall we keep on or climb a tree?” demand-
ed the little corporal.

  “We’ll keep on,” said Bailee. “Expectation
in this instance will smell sweeter than retros-
pection.”

  They kept on through the neck of the wood
till them came out on the other side where they
had concealed their radiocycle, and for some
hours dallied about in the neighborhood. They
had escaped they knew not just what manner of
imprisonment, torture or death, or all three; and
they had partly lost their nerve for the time be-
ing.

  There had been something about the wave of
bubbles that had alarmed Davidson more than
any danger he had experienced since landing on
the scarlet planet. How had these bright infin-
itely thin spheres of mere air been changed or
hardened into tough, heavy globes of slippery,
dull crystal? Had heavier and heavier bubbles
been hurled at them from some kind of great gun
or hose, or had the air itself about them been
turned to bubbles that thickened like a boiling
mass of sap or sugar? Were the bubbles mech-
anical or chemical? Or was it possible that
much of the strength had gone out of their mus-

  cles, due to some ray being played upon them,
and they had fancied that these soap bubbles
were heavy as metal, because they had little
strength remaining to press forward? Yet in
that case would they not have fallen to the
ground in sheer weakness, the bubbles not being
firm enough to support their bodies upright?

  Finally Davidson came to a kind of half con-
clusion, which he refrained from telling the oth-
ers, perhaps because he was not wholly con-
vinced himself. This half conclusion was that
there had not been any bubbles about them. The
Forbidden City had turned upon them some kind
of idea or delusion ray, befuddling their brains,
and they had imagined that they were buried
under a wave of bubbles, like a fevered man who
fights mere figments of his own fancy.

  “The next time, I’m going to kiss the girl I
grab,” sighed Bailee. “And if she closes her
eyes, I’ll know she’s real; and if she kisses me
back, I’ll know she’s realistic.”

  They were now about to take turns at each
getting a snatch of slumber when around the
wood and upon them, silent as a floating soap
bubble, came a crystal sphere. It was quite
large and clear as a watch crystal, so of itself
offered practically no obstruction or resistance
to the vision. But there was that at the very
heart of the crystal sphere which so affixed their
gaze that they did not look around.

T-VAVIDSON heard a gasp from Bailee and a
\J half soft from Hal-Al, and the sight wrung
a groan of passion from his own heart. In the
center of the sphere, like a full-blown rose in a
great drop of dew, was the loveliest form of wo-
man that a man could imagine with all the fer-
vor of first love.

  “She’s mine!” panted Hal-Al. “Take your
eyes off of her—both of you!”

  “You lie!” cried Bailee. “She’s mine! She
came to me in a dream last night and I kissed
her.”

  “Get back into your fool dream!” commanded
Hal-Al. “Or I’ll smash you! She’s mine!”
Bailee’s hand went to his automatic but David-
son stepped between the men. Their blood had
turned to fire at the encrystalled vision. “Wait
till you get her out, before you fight over her,”
he advised them. “She’s as far away as in a
dream: can’t you see there’s no entrance to the
sphere!”

  “There’s got to be,” cried Bailee. “She’s alive
and had to get in there.”

  They spread about the crystal sphere, exam-
ining it for some door or entrance, but found
none. They beat upon it with their bare fists,
but it was as solid as marble.

  “They’ve blown the sphere about her,” decid-
ed Davidson. “But somewhere there’s an orifice
leading to her, or she would have perished be-
fore this for lack of air.”

  “We must get her out,” muttered Hal-Al, and
before the little corporal could protest, the im-
patient fellow had drawn his automatic and rash-
ly sought to crack the crystal along one side.
Fortunately he hit the sphere at sufficient angle
194	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

to prevent the bullet rebounding and injuring
one of them.

  “Damn you!” raged Bailee. “You’ll hurt
her!”

  “I know it,” replied Hal-Al, in utter scorn.
“Now tell me so that I’ll believe it.”

  The bullet had made no perceptible impres-
sion in the surface of the crystal. “It evidently
can’t be scratched,” said Davidson. “But it
might be split with the grain, like a piece of slate
or a diamond.” The two younger men fell on
the supplies stored in the sidecar of the radiocy-
cle and fetched a small but heavy sledge and
finely tempered chisel. But they found it im-
possible to split so much as a sliver from the
marvelous crystal sphere. The point of the chis-
el slipped off the polished surface without biting
at all, while the sledge hammer, when smashed
full against the face of the sphere, merely rang
and rebounded in Hal-Al’s powerful arms, till
he gave over from a conviction that was des-
pair.

  Davidson now sought by speech and panto-
mime to persuade the girl to come from the
sphere, but in vain.

  Bailee groaned. “The City of Forbidden Lad-
ies! No use to forbid them—you can’t reach
them! Right about face, there’s nothing for us
in the Forbidden City but—nothing!”

  “You’re yellow!” growled Hal-Al. “There
are girls there and we can smash our way to
them, if we are men enough not to be turned back
by appearances, or doubts. Shall we hang de-
feat on our own noses and call it sagacity?”
“I’ll fight to the last man and then fight my-
self!” retorted Bailee. “Come now, you hesita-
ting, sweet young buzzard, crack this diamond
nut here and get the kernel out, and I’ll believe
you’re worth following into this city with the
big blue spite-fence around it.”

  Suddenly the bright crystal sphere began to
cloud, like a mirror breathed upon, and as the
men watched in astonishment and despair it
grew more and more opaque, till it became whol-
ly obscured and stood before them a great frost-
clouded ball into which they could not peer at
all.

  “Serves us right!” groaned Hal-Al. “We’re a
muddy pair and she’ll none of us! Shall a cher-
ub unveil herself before two bull frogs?”

  “She’s gone—like a snow girl in hell!” sighed
Bailee.

CHAPTER XVI
The Lure

WHEN the form of the girl within the crystal
sphere was no longer visible, Davidson was
almost persuaded that there had not been any
girl within the sphere, but the lovely vision which
they had seen had been a mere illusion thrown
into the crystal by means of some invisible ray
from the Forbidden City, as a cinematograph
projects a picture upon a screen. He told the
others of his suspicion and Hal-Al considered the
matter with half closed eyes, but Bailee shook his
head stubbornly.

  "She was real and alive,” the latter main-
tained. “She may had diffused herself into frost
from looking at Hal’s homely face, but she was
there herself a minute ago. You go far with
your rays—why not go further and say—”
Hal-Al threw up his hands. “Why not go
further and give yourself a bloody nose. May-
be the little corporal is right and she’s only a
reflection in a glass push-ball that these pig-
headed devils play some kind of a game with
in this pink hell.”

  Bailee turned to Davidson. “It isn’t your ly-
ing I mind. Neither the style of it or the persis-
tence of it, but that you expect me to believe it.
You mean to say that this girl in this big glass
marble isn’t the real thing?”

  “It’s a choice of marvels,” replied Davidson.
“How could she have breathed in there, without
any opening in the sphere, yet how could she
have been otherwise than a living girl, being so
very lifelike, so absolutely convincing to the
eye?”

  Hal-Al struck the obscured crystal. “Solid as
marble! real as my right hand! persistent as Bail-
ee’s jaw-bone! If this is not a big crystal with a
live girl inside of it, then it is time 1 was scrapped
by old man Junk!”

  The frost over the crystal now began to clear
like breath evaporating from a mirror, and in a
few moments the lovely reality or deception with-
in, whichever it was, showed as clearly as before.

  “Yes, I’m convinced it’s a live girl in a crystal
coach!” exclaimed Hal-Al. “And damned be he
who would unconvince me!”

  “It’s the real article!” agreed Bailee. “And
we’ll have to go lightly and not startle it, or the
frost may come over it again.”

  Within the next few minutes Davidson too was
convinced that the lovely figure in the crystal
was that of a living girl, who had some means of
breathing through the sphere, and perhaps pos-
sessed the power of obscuring its surface so that
she could not be seen. Though possibly this lat-
ter effect had been accomplished by some im-
perceptible ray of energy directed from the For-
bidden City. But the little corporal did not ex-
press his convictions to his companions, hoping
by some fortunate chance of misjudgment on
their part that they might yet conclude the girl
was but a work of art, or an illusion of science,
and not surrender themselves wholly to her dan-
gerous beauty.

  There arose a suspicion in his mind that the
two girls that his companions had kidnapped
from the Forbidden City and abandoned amidst
the bubbles had not been works of art, but living
creatures capable of throwing themselves into a
trance as a means of escape.

  The crystal sphere now began to glide away,
and they followed. The two younger men were
so rapt with the beauty of the girl, and their
desire for her, that they seemed unconscious that
they were being drawn away from the security of
the woods. Davidson’s morale was unsettled
too.

  While he knew he was leaving the wood and
the radiocycle, he thought it would do no harm
to follow a little ways, and when he gave the sit-
THE SCARLET PLANET	195

uation a second thought it was only to deceive
himself with the persuasion that he must keep
his two companions in sight. But when he had
gone so far that, looking back, he was not sure he
could locate that quarter of the wood where he
had concealed the radiocycle, he became alarm-
ed and sought to persuade his companions to re-
turn. But his pleadings were in vain.

HE left them and made his way back alone. A
man never realizes how far he has gone for
a woman until he has to retrace that way with-
out her. After a while he came to where he had
concealed the radiocycle. He found the branch-
es scattered about and the machine gone. The
girl in the crystal sphere had perhaps been a
lure to separate them from their cycle and side-
car.

  He made a brief search for the machine, then
giving over he hastened back after Bailee
and Hal-Al. Only their companionship remain-
ed to be snatched from this treacherous swirl of
circumstance that threatened to carry everything
away from him,' and he proposed to save this
much.

  He climbed the highest tree at hand and stud-
ied the country through his binoculars. He de-
cided it was best not to proceed too fast, as he
was more likely to leave his companions behind
than come upon them, since he was freer than
they to proceed with speed. Again and again
as the hours passed the same situation occurred:
he delayed to climb a tree and search the
country through the binoculars, then descending
and hurrying on. Finally he turned directly
around and went back, he believed, towards the
Forbidden City. The girl within the crystal
sphere had evidently come from there, and being
associated with the city, he reflected, she would
more likely linger in its environments than wan-
der on.

  He kept on for such a length of time that, not
coming at last into sight of the great purple
walls, he realized he had taken the wrong di-
rection.

  Then pure chance accomplished what his best
efforts had failed of. Or destiny, that other
name by which men call chance, when they are
emotionally impressed. He came suddenly on
Hal-Al, seated on a rock with his hand to his
head, muttering incoherently to himself. His
face was as gnarled and sunken with some great
despair as a dry root. His clothes were torn
from his chest and nowhere else, and Davidson
concluded they had been torn by the man’s hands
and not by brambles or an enemy.

  He talked of such things that the little cor-
poral put him to sleep with a split cocaine pel-
let. Then, after he had awakened, got out of
him that he had killed Bailee. At first David-
son thought his companion was still irresponsi-
ble, and some more hours of sleep might so re-
duce his fever that he could get an authentic
communication from him. But what he thought
to be the ravings of fever appeared to be the sit-
uation itself. Hal-Al had killed his friend Bail-
ee in a jealous dispute over the girl in the crystal
sphere.

  They had both hit bottom together and fallen
upon each other like two brutes to possess the
female, and the physically stronger brute had ov-
ercome the weaker. But it seemed that Hal-Al
had not possessed the girl, neither by her consent
nor force, for on the death of Bailee the frost
had obscured the sphere till her form could not
be seen, then slowly the great crystal had turned
black, and Hal-Al had fled, leaving his dead
friend lying before the great black sphere in a
wood of tall fern-like trees.

  Davidson questioned Hal-Al if he had returned
and buried Bailee, or returned at all to the scene.
But Hal-Al hadn’t or, if he had, he didn’t know.
He had sought to return but at such times he had
always found himself coming from the wood in-
stead of going into the wood. His reason must
have lapsed on each occasion that he had set foot
among the fern-like trees to revisit the scene of
dead friendship.

  He had struck Bailee with a piece of branch
that he had seized up in sudden, jealous fury;
and the next instant would have given his own
life, and the girl to boot, to have undone the
deed. “But it’s done!” he groaned. “And I’m
too tough to break myself!”

The Search for the Dead

DAVIDSON could not find Hal-Al’s automatic
on him and its loss had no doubt saved the
young fellow from suicide. But later the little
corporal stumbled on the weapon lying on the
ground and slipped it into his own pocket, saying
nothing to the other at the time.

  “Hold on,” the little corporal advised." Don’t
go trying to shake the life out of yourself till we
look into this matter further. I’ve handled some
of that fern timber and it would stun but hardly
kill. There’s a pulpy cere at its center and I’ll
not be sure Bailee is dead till I examine his body,
and then—”

  “And then!” groaned Hal-Al, with his eyes
looking away as if he was looking down all eter-
nity, and saw no peace.

  “And then we’ll bury his body,” said the little
corporal, “and come out of the wood, and not do
such a fool thing again.”

  “There won’t be any next time!” groaned the
other. “I’ll never have another pal!”

  The little corporal got Hal-Al to accompany
him, and the latter would stand just outside of
every wood and mark time, like a man standing
on burning coals, while Davidson went into the
wood and searched for the body of their dead
friend, and for the black crystal sphere. Finally
they came to the wood where the deed had been
done, for Davidson found Bailee’s cap lying on
the ground, and nearby some earth clotted with
blood. But the man’s body was not about, nor
the crystal sphere.

  A little further among the trees he found a
blood stained handkerchief done into a toque,
and as Hal-Al had been deep enough into hell and
sufficiently punished for his rash deed, Davidson
hurried from the wood and showed his compan-
ion the handkerchief, informing him that he had
196	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

found it some distance beyond where Bailee evi-
dently had been attacked.

  The younger man communed as with himself.
“It’s his left handed knot, and it was further on
in the wood. He didn’t drop it there before I hit
him, for he had on that cap he got from the
smashed H-T. It must have fallen from his head
after I left him.” Hal-Al’s broad shoulders sprang
back, like a man released from carrying his own
coffin. “Then the damn cheese-grater isn’t
dead!” he growled.

  “No; he probably went oh to search for the
girl in the crystal sphere, and may be kissing her
at this moment.”

  Hal-Al came wholly from his formed crushed
mood like a bear from under a rock. “Damn
him!” he roared. “I’ll muss him up again!”

  “I haven’t the least doubt of it, if we can find
him, or he hasn’t since died of his injury,” re-
plied Davidson. “If the girl abandoned him, he
may have become conscious for the first time that
the blow you gave him was hard enough to kill
a man, and so has laid down and died.”

  The mention of death sobered Hal-Al, but the
extreme tension was removed from his mind and
heart, both of which had been too greatly over-
wrought with remorse. Evidently he had turned
Bailee over, and looking into his glazed eyes, had
mistaken unconsciousness for death, and fled in
a panic. Or else the injured man had assumed
death as a trick to alarm his friend, that the lat-
ter might abandon the pursuit of the girl in the
crystal, and leave the field clear. Afterwards,
remorse and loneliness had wrought Hal-Al into
a fever, perhaps superinduced by his blood being
overheated with passion, and the lack of proper
food.

  They now went shouting through the wood for
the missing man but came on no further evidence
of him, and much of the old misery came back
upon their hearts lest Bailee had died of his in-
juries.

  Suddenly Hal-Al leaned against a tree and
groaned. “I’ve got to go back to hell!”
Davidson sought to cheer his companions with
some rude phrases that would get at his simple,
blunt nature more direct than any of those plati-
tudes of submission to the unalterable that make
a virtue of resignation. He even cursed him
roundly, till he realized it would be better to say
nothing at all. If silence was not very consoling
it at least was wholly sincere, and the deeper an-
other feels the more sincere must consolation be
to reach him.

  They moved on in silence through the wood,
and like Cain, Hal-Al was again shut out from
the face of peace, and his grief seemed more
than he could bear. Then suddenly, ahead of
them, clear as the sweet old bell of the English
language could ring out the words, came the
song of Annie Laurie.

            CHAPTER XVII
            Bailee’s Story

AS the sound of the old familiar song reached
them, the little corporal and Hal-Al stopped
like men jolted into stone and stared at one an-

other. Then the sweat of tears rolled in two
great beads down Hal-Al’s cheeks.

  “The damn son of a gun!” he sobbed. ‘Til
have to smash him again!”

  Davidson gave a shout and the song ceased.
Then Hal-Al’s voice boomed out the name of the
friend he thought he had killed, and back came
a familiar answering call.

  In a few moments they met, and Hal-Al and
Bailee shifted their delight at again coming to-
gether from the quicksand of sentiment to the
solid ground of a cheerful fight. When they had
succeeded in giving one another a bloody nose,
and considerable bruised cuticle, they were once
more on a secure footing of wholesome animal-
ism, and began their usual rough banter.

  “You lie before you speak,” rumbled Hal-Al,
“if you are going to say you saw the girl again
in the crystal after I jolted you out.”

  Bailee grinned. “In a little while after you
left us we came to a sparkling pool in the woods,
and this girl stepped for the first time from her
crystal coach and gave me to understand that
she wished to take a bath, and would I please
wait until she was through.”

  “You lie!” growled Hal-Al. "But what’s the
use of checking you in one lie when you have
another and greater one ready on your lips.”
"For a moment I had her in my arms,” con-
tinued Bailee. “But her woman’s tears drowned
out my manly courage, and so I stood looking the
other way, at attention, while she had her bath.”
“You lie again!” roared Hal-Al. “The near-
est you came to her was to lay your soiled fist
on her crystal coach.”

  “If I had not the fact, can’t you allow me the
fancy?” demanded Bailee. “Such fancies as
never filtered through your thick, muddy skull.”
“It never was cracked,” retorted Hal-Al. “So
the light within never shines out. But you’re
like one of these little glow worms; you shine
most of the time, but your shine is more smell
than light.”

  “Better a smelly light without than a smelly
darkness within!” grinned Bailee. “Then we
came to another sparkling pool.”

  “And I suppose you took a bath yourself,”
growled Hal-Al. “If you did, it took all the
sparkle out of that pool.”

  Bailee resumed. “The water was so cool and
refreshing as distilled dew. And as I lay float-
ing at full length on the surface of the pool, look-
ing up at the blue glimpses of the sky, with the
sweet birds singing overhead on the swaying
boughs—”

  “Birds!” roared Hal-Al. “Birds! There you
spring the frame of your lie! There isn’t a bird
on this planet but one plucked buzzard, and
that’s you!”

  “There are exceptions to every rule, since all
things are possible to a good liar,” retorted Bail-
ee. “And all the exceptions had got together in
the trees over this pool where I lay floating at
full length, and they were singing sweeter than
a Hebrew nightingale in golden harvest time,
when all of a sudden I began slowly—” he
paused.
THE SCARLET PLANET	197

**/'I 0 on!” commanded Hal-Al. “It can’t be
VJ possible that you should hesitate for a lie 1”
“But the choice of them, the choice of them,
man! Among so many gorgeous lies the selec-
tion is often a matter of some difficulty, but when
a man has but one lie and that a plain, unvar-
nished one, it is soon told.”

  “If you say you’re lying, then you aren’t,”
growled Hal-Al. “There’s no getting the truth
out of you.”

  “Then we came to a third sparkling pool,” re-
sumed Bailee. “And she having bathed in the
first pool and I in the second, what remained
for us to bathe together in the sparkling waters
of this third pool?”

  Hal-Al reached forward and tore Bailee’s shirt
open to see if he showed any evidence of having
lately suffered from a monomania for bathing,
but the skin was so crisscrossed with recent
wounds that the evidence could not be had.
“You’ve been fighting, and I wasn’t in it! You
always did hog the good things.”

  “There was a serpent girl in the third pool,”
continued Bailee, buttoning his shirt. “And she
got jealous of the girl from the crystal sphere.
I tried to make peace between them, but there
is no peace between two ladies in love with the
same handsome young man.”

  “He welcomes the coming and delays the part-
ing lie,” groaned Hal-Al. “Did the serpent girl
bite you with her feathers?”

  “I’m done!” grinned Bailee. “I can’t come
nearer the truth than the facts, and since you
won’t accept the facts how can you receive the
truth. Honest, now, haven’t I more the air of
having dined on spiced serpent girl, than just
back from a six weeks’ furlough at home on can-
died sister? Who’s got a smoke?”

  The others were out of tobacco, and Davidson
informed his companions that the radiocycle was
missing, with their entire supply of the weed.
“That’s some jolt!” sighed Bailee.

  “Damn the smokes!” growled Hal-Al. “What
became of the girl and the sphere?”

  “I had to sleep after a time,” replied Bailee.
“And when I wakened the girl and the sphere
were gone.”

  “What became of the serpent girl?”

  “I slept again and when I wakened she too was
gone.”

  “It’s all probable, but not possible since you
tell it. Which way did they go?”

  “I was asleep both times and can’t say. How-
ever, I’ve stayed around here, thinking one of
them might return, for out of every three depart-
ing women there’s always a come-back in one.”
Hal-Al scowled. “If you are ever shot while
you’re talking, you will be hit between two lies.
When I left you, the girl was dead inside the
crystal, or at least the crystal was black as
death.”

  They quit the wood and went on a ways with
no definite purpose, when Hal-Al suddenly came
to a standstill.

  “You said out of every three women there’s a
come-back in one. Were there three women,
and you left one behind in the woods?”

  Bailee sighed. “I didn’t tell you of the third
girl! But we’ll not speak of her. for she passed
me swift as rapture in a golden bubble, and the
big scar on my chest is where my heart tore out
and followed her. She’s gone with the best of
me and how can the worst of me describe her?”

  “I almost believe you have kissed some sort of
a girl lately,” said Hal-Al. “You taste so damn
sweet to yourself.”

  Bailee grinned. “The past with a pretty girl
—is it ever past?”

A Geometric Flood

IN another moment they stampeded with a
shout towards the nearest trees. At about one
hundred meters distant the whole sweep of air
before them, to a height of fully five meters, had
suddenly burst into geometric figures, planes,
cones, cubes, squares, triangles, hexagons, and
endless polygons, and this flood of geometric
bubble-like bodies bore down upon them with a
roar as of a surf breaking upon a beach.

  “The trees!” they shouted to one another.
“Climb the trees!”

  They went up a low-branched tree at top speed
and did not stop till the tree stopped. As it was,
they were barely in time, for the flood swept
through the grovfe and swirled about the trees,
carrying with it everything not rooted in the
earth. It continued for a while to rush by, snap-
ping branches and even breaking the weaker
tree trunks.

  “This won’t do!” cried Bailee. “But hell, it’s
done!”

  “It’s mostly cones and polygons now,” said
Hal-Al, as the flood subsided and its strange
composition lay below them to a depth they
judged of about three meters.

  Davidson broke off a branch and cast it down
on the surface of the flood, and the branch was
very slowly borne away as if by sluggish water.
But the limb was not heavy and had fallen par-
allel with the surface. Should he attempt to
step upon this flood he feared he would sink
with his greater weight.

  “Nothing doing yet!” grinned Bailee. “My
confidence must thicken as well as those poly-
gons, before I step down.”

  “What were we doing that they should come
at us with a flood of geometric tricks!” demand-
ed Hal-Al. “Why are their girls so handsome
beauty but for pursuit?”

  “They just don’t understand what fine fel-
lows we are,” said Bailee. “We will teach the
girls and then they will teach the men folks.
Women are great teachers of a man’s merits,
after he has kissed them a few times. One
hugged girl is a whole calliope to sound your
virtues abroad.”

“You haven’t kissed but one live girl after you
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

left Xea,” growled Hal-Al. “And then she took
a piece out of your wrist with her teeth. I’m
getting soured on the situation and I’ll smash it
shortly, if there isn’t a change. This is all pur-
suit and no attainment. Never were more beau-
tiful girls but never were they more unattain-
able!

  He was in a rebellious mood and attempted to
fight Bailee amidst the branches. Both were in
danger of falling into the strange flood of geome-
trically solidified air below them, which might
have proved their grave. The little corporal
now began to crack such a lash of vituperation
about their ears that they ceased their fight to
listen, and being but great children at heart they
quickly forgot their differences, and when he
ceased they begged him to continue to curse
them.

  There was still sufficient heat in Davidson to
carry some distance further along the same line

 Suddenly a limb snapped and Bailee plunged in-
 to the strange flood beneath, but he came quick-
 ly to his feet and thrashed his way through the
 geometric crystallizations to the trunk of the
 tree from which he had fallen.

    ‘‘The devil take it!” he spluttered. "I feel like
 I had swallowed a polygon.”

   “Swallow a cone for an antidote,” advised Hal-
 Al. “Didn’t you know that limb you jumped for
 wouldn’t support the missing link between an un-
 censored odor and a smell?”

   “I saw you leave it alone,” retorted Bailee,
 clinging to the tree trunk with one hand and
 rubbing his stomach with the other. “I tell you,
 I swallowed a polygon and an isosceles triangle,

of endeavor and he continued to flay them with
the cat-o’-nine-tails in his mouth.

  “Oh man!” sighed Bailee, after he had ceased.
“What great gifts some little men are given! A
little corporal no higher than bub, but he can
curse like Beelzebub! And here I am, a real
man, six feet high, leading a little one-foot curse
around by the hand and bragging about my won-
derful child of vituperation. I must get my
curse a pair of stilts.”

  “We had best be planning some way out of our
difficulty,” warned Davidson. “As soon as this
flood subsides and it is found we are not quash-
ed, we may be attacked in another manner, and
one even more dangerous.”

HE suggested that they attempt to advance
from tree to tree, until they should reach the
end of the flood, or come over a place where it
seemed less dangerous to descend. Their pro-
gress proved slow, as the trees were not close
together, and they found that all but the heavier
branches were too brittle to sustain their weight.

                                           (illustration i>y Paul)

 There came a soft far-flung swish as of muffled
fire behind them. . . they plunged under cover of
the shallow water.

 and I can feel the isosceles getting in its disgust-
 ing self-determination.”

   He attempted to climb the trunk of the tree
 but sank back with a groan. Davidson quickly
 swung down and gave him a helping hand, and
 got him to a lower branch, where he had an evil
 time in the region of his stomach. But whether
 he had actually swallowed one of the smaller
 crystallizations, or whether he had struck his
 stomach on a larger one, was a question. The
 little corporal poured a few drops in the palm of
 his hand of the spirits of zac* from a small vial
 he carried, and after Bailee had swallowed this
 he quickly improved, and fell to cursing the flood
 and its perpetrators so heartily that the others
 knew he was a well man again.

   “The dirty scientific dogs!” he raged. “Turn
 a flood of poisoned geometric figures on a man!
 If that triangle hadn’t melted with the heat of my

  •An oil found on the planet of Xea possessing wonderful cura-
  Uve properties.
THE SCARLET PLANET	199

stomach into a sphere, I’d be the handsome
corpse now.”

  “You just strangled and swallowed one of
your own lies,” commented Hal-Al, concealing
with a rough and ready jest his relief at his com-
panion’s recovery. “You had better take the
rest of the medicine and lay quiet for a week.”
Bailee tried his grin and found it as flexible
as ever. “Is that you over there, Hal? Then
I’m still in hell.”

  The flood of geometric figures had fallen so
low they could glimpse the ground, so they de-
cided to descend, but they kept among the trees
in case the danger should again threaten them.
They found progress quite easy among the crys-
tallizations, which now had little resistance or
weight, like shallow inactive water, and shortly
came to the end of them, where they paused to
examine their composition.

  They found their outer surface smooth and
glazed but, cutting into several, discovered the
interior to be honeycombed in miniature of the
outer form. A large polygon, for instance, be-
ing composed of innumerable minute polygons.

  “Just crystallized air,” said Hal-Al, as a sever-
ed polygon melted away in his hand and left no
visible residue.

  “Like a dead man’s soul,” said Bailee. “Gone
back into thin air and is just atmosphere, the oxy-
gen being the ladies, the hydrogen the gentlemen
and the nitrogen the gents.”

  “Now that’s settled and settled wrong, let’s be
moving on to where there is less science and
more girls,” grumbled Hal-Al.

  Davidson turned well off from the way they
had been going when threatened by the geome-
tric flood, and his two companions followed him.
The little corporal wished to return to the neigh-
borhood of the City of Forbidden Ladies because
the man Jaquet had so strongly advised him to
shun that locality. He probably had wished the
Forbidden City all to himself and, if he was
there, no doubt the planet plane was there also.

  They kept on till sheer physical weariness ov-
ercame them, without coming in sight of the
great purple wall. Then they took turns and
slept and watched.

  “What’s the use of one of us keeping watch
anyway,” growled Hal-Al. “We haven’t met
with any danger since that geometry lesson, and
we never learned who sprung that on us. I
could welcome a little danger with a kiss just
now.”

  “Go on!” exclaimed Bailee. “Put a skirt on
it and let its hair down its back, and I’ll wel-
come and kiss danger too.”

A Sudden Antipathy

THEN they fell into danger of a most treach-
erous and unexpected sort, for the danger
came from within themselves. All of an instant
they began quarreling. Hal-Al shouldered the
little corporal from his path and told him to fall
behind, and lead his own fool shadow, which was
all he was capable of leading. Davidson con-
signed Hal-Al’s soul to a state of evil rather than
a state of longitude. Then Bailee’s wit snapped

blue and sulphurous, and he befriended David-
son awhile but as a better means of quarreling
with Hal-Al. Then he took Hal-Al’s part to
vituperate the little corporal more viciously. Fin-
ally he clotted them both in one goulash of con-
tempt.

  They did not come to physical blows, but ex-
pended their energy on words, and this alone
saved them from destroying, or at least maiming
one another. They went at it like three mad-
men, ploughing up the past months with their
tongues, dragging forth every old antipathy, en-
vy, fear, impatience, and shaking the foul bones
of aversion in one another's face.

  Had their sense of humor not been asphyxia-
ted by the fumes of their spleen, they would have
shook with laughter at their endeavor to get at
the bottom of the slough of contempt and throw
its rankest muck at one another.

  All this time the little corporal was swinging
his hands alternately before his face as if to
brush away a torment of gnats or mosquitoes, till
he realized through his strange mood of anger
that there were no insects about, and ceased the
action. But again he returned to it, finally be-
coming aware that the others were acting as
oddly.

  They now withdrew from one another, shak-
ing their fists and calling back imprecations too
distorted and chromatic with anger for sober
repetition or recollection. Out of his compan-
ions’ sight, Davidson continued to quarrel with
their very recollection, and damn them even to
the fourth dimension, and damn himself for hav-
ing associated them for so long a period.

   Then the little corporal’s anger passed, instant
as it had come, and he stood stock still with fall-
en jaw, as if he saw the ghost of all folly and that
ghost was himself. What had come over him
that had caused him to make such an unneces-
sary and unprofitable ass of himself? There is
an unexpected ass in every man, an axis of in-
sanity or imbecility around which the whole man
may suddenly revolve—after revolving for years
around the axis of rationality—to the astonish-
ment of his friends at the time, and his own
greater astonishment later.

  Around such an axis Davidson had revolved,
and now, to his previous opinion of himself, he
made certain oral annotations which would have
delighted his worst enemy. Then cold suspicion
cleared his brain. Why had he persisted in
swinging his hands before his face? Had there
been some kind of ray thrown into his eyes that
had annoyed him—like, in a lesser way, the re-
flection of a hand-glass thrown by some mis-
chievous boy—but in his anger at his compan-
ions he had been only automatically aware of
the annoyance?

  He turned, and running back at top speed
shouted the names of his friends. He under-
stood now what had happened. He had been
separated from them by a ray of antipathy, per-
haps that he might more easily be taken a pri-
soner, as the lion in the old fable got the oxen
to quarreling amongst themselves that they
should go apart from one another in aversion,
and so be more surely overcome by their enemy.
200	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Possibly there was but one sphere in the neigh-
borhood containing but one pig-serpent headed
fellow, and the latter had feared to attack the
three men traveling together, but considered him-
self a match for each separately, and so had
separated them by playing on their persons a
ray of antipathy.

  The little corporal continued to run back the
way he had lately come, but soon ceased to shout
lest he should betray his presence to the enemy.
Suddenly he came on a cluster of tall flowering
grass in a state of violent agitation and heard
the heavings of two human or animal bodies in
conflict.

CHAPTER XVIII

The Stick-Bug Man

DAVIDSON drew his automatic and, stepping
closer, peered amidst the tall grass and saw
Hal-Al in combat with what at first glance ap-
peared to be a great stick insect. But as the
former’s fist caught the insect’s jaws, the head
was swung around and the little corporal saw
its face, thin, elongated, but almost human.
Then he stared at the long limbs and body and
realized that these, too, were human-like, but
almost pure cartilage and sinew, with little or
no bony frame beneath.

  The strength of this no-man was great indeed
for, recovering from the blow, he soon began to
master the powerful Hal-Al. Davidson raised
his automatic yet hesitated to shoot, and as he
hesitated Hal-Al glimpsed him through the grass
and grunted: “My fight! Keep clear!"

  The little corporal chuckled with delight. He
was going to see a man in any-man’s land put up
a fight against a no-man. So he kept clear and
watched this no-man bend like a split-bamboo
pole playing a great trout. Again and again he
thought the rod would land the trout, but sud-
denly the rod seemed to split with a queer half-
human sound, and Hal-Al all but collapsed be-
side it, the victor by only a sheer ounce of sup-
erior energy.

  Davidson now thrust himself on the scene and
regarded the no-man. He reflected that there
were queer fishes in the sea of the old green
earth, and queerer fishes in the seven seas of
space surrounding the earth, but here was as
queer a specimen as a man might meet within a
year of interplanetary travel. Yet perhaps, as
this no-man regarded the little corporal through
his thin, mottled, vertically elongated eyes, the
no-man thought Davidson was the queer fish and
heathen, while he himself was the mirror of vir-
tue and the mold of graceful form.

  “He’s no fool!” heaved Hal-Al, after he had
rested a bit. “He can stink and smell sweet as
the occasion requires. He came to me smiling
and fluttering his scarlet cloak, and I said, ‘Here
a friendliness in an unfriendly land!’ and I walk-
ed up to him and offered to shake hands. Then
he whipped the cloak about my head and started
with me towards the big pink sphere over there
among the pink ferns. But he got no further
than the brilliant idea, for I dumped myself all

over his anatomy, and between us we worked our
way up here among the grass, catch-as-catch-can
and the devil catch the loser.”

  “Where’s Bailee?” questioned Davidson.
Hal-Al gave a half shame-faced look. “We
split company about a quarter of a mile back,
and he went off on a hot trot as if the ground
about me burnt his feet. What the deuce came
over the three of us all of a sudden to forget
three years in three seconds?”

  Davidson offered his own conclusions for what
they were worth, and Hal-Al indorsed them by
nodding his head soberly. Then he pointed at
the no-man who was now seated with his thin
knees drawn up and his thin head resting on
them, a picture of defeat and shame and de-
manded: “What are you going to make of impos-
sibilities that it’s impossible to deny the evidence
of, and there’s the impossibility and the evidence
you can’t deny.”

  “He’s a queer chap,” smiled Davidson. “But
what if he does look like a stick-bug, don’t we
look like two unshaved babboons? Don’t kill
him! Maybe he’ll serve us, now you’ve got the
best of him.”

  Hal-Al shook his head decisively. “I won’t
kill this snake, but I’ll have no snake for a ser-
vant, for he’ll make himself the master again
through his services.”

  Davidson looked about him anxiously. “We
must find Bailee. No doubt he has recovered
from the effects of the antipathy ray, and is seek-
ing us. However, we should bind this fellow, so
that he can’t return to his sphere and play that
ray on us again, if he was the one who did the
mischief.”

  The little corporal drew his pocket whistle and
shrilled for Bailee, and after a time he believed he
heard an answering call, but so faintly that he
could scarcely decide whether it was hope or
realization. He repeated the call a number of
times and finally, by this slender thread of
sound, drew their absent companion back to
them.

BAILEE grinned like old times. “And how’s
the meek little fellow from amen’s pew?”
he demanded.

  “Speaking of me?” growled Hal-Al.
  “Speaking of thee, little one.”

  “Forget it!” retorted Hal-Al. “This stricture
here threw a spark into our antipathy tanks and
we blew up—that’s all!” He pointed at the no-
man, who still remained in his posture of des-
pair, if not submission.

  Bailee had not yet noted the presence of this
fourth party, huddled on the ground behind Hal-
Al, and resembling more a collection of dry,
white branches than a creature of motion and
intelligence.

  “A stick-bug!” he exclaimed. “Then those
two girls we left among the bubbles were real,
if the stick-bugs were real!” He threw up his
hands in disgust. “And I threw away a per-
fectly good girl!”

  “They played possum and we were a bit ex-
cited,” growled Hal-Al.

  “The next time I get hold of a girl, I’m going
THE SCARLET PLANET	201

to hang on to her, if she’s only marble!” affirm-
ed Bailee.

  “Perhaps we had better try to make friends
with this fellow,” suggested Davidson. “We
have made enough enemies to stave off the en-
nui.”

  “He’s mine,” said Hal-Al. “I broke his spir-
it, but you may have him for a gift. Perhaps
you can train him to carry your tooth-brush, if
you ever have another tooth-brush.”

  “Very well,’ agreed Davidson. He fetched the
no-man’s garment which lay not far away on the
grass. It was a narrow scarlet toga, of exquisite
fineness, warm and light and soft as ermine, yet
evidently not a skin but an artificial creation.

  He placed the garment upon the no-man’s
shoulder.

  The no-man rose slowly and drawing the gar-
ment closer about him pointed to the left with
both hands, then suddenly sank down at David-
son’s feet with a kind of gasp.

  “He’s hurt!” exclaimed the little corporal.
“Let’s get him back to his sphere and maybe he’ll
repay us liberally for our pains.”

  “Isn’t hope wonderful!” grinned Bailee. “It
sees gratitude in snakes and magnanimity in cro-
codiles, not to mention the teasing, tantalizing
trait of tender tears in the laughing hyena.”

  “I’ll take a chance with hope,” smiled David-
son. He helped the no-man to his feet and aid-
ed the latter in the direction he had pointed, for
Davidson had caught a glimpse of a sphere
amidst the scarlet growth.

  Suddenly the no-man shot out of the little
corporal’s hands like an arrow from a bow and
raced with astonishing speed towards the scar-
let sphere. Evidently he had tricked them into
the belief that he was injured, that he might gain
the immediate neighborhood of the sphere, and
then seek to escape without the risk of a long
pursuit. The act was more cunning than treach-
ery on his part for he owed the three men no
fealty; he was merely a fox that had escaped
the hounds, a fish that had escaped the fisher-
man.

  Hal-Al gave a grunt, which was followed by
the low, smothered whoof of his automatic. But
luck was with the no-man for the bullet missed
and there were no other charges in the weapon.
Davidson and Hal-Al rushed, muttering curses,
in pursuit of their late captive, with Bailee but a
pace behind. But their quarry though a kind
of man, was of an essentially different physical
nature, capable of greater speed, and before they
had covered half the short distance to the sphere
he had re-entered it, and the sphere glided away
too swiftly for pursuit.

  “He’s scared, anyway!” commented Bailee,
and drawing his automatic he sent a shot after
the sphere, against which it rang with a peculiar
distinct clearness.

  “We must get away from here quickly,” ad-
vised Davidson, after Hal-Al had joined them.
“This fellow hasn’t shown us his heels to carry
any good report of us to his own kind.”

  “My hand was a little unsteady from the fight
I had with him,” growled Hal-Al. “Or I’d have
brought him down like a rabbit.”

  “The son of a yellow streak!” suddenly ex-
claimed Bailee. “It was 4-X-Olite!”
“4-X-Olite!” repeated Hal-Al, for his friend
had named the most valuable substance known
to man, a few grains of which would add fifty
years to any man’s life.

  “The whole damn sphere!” groaned Bailee.
“Did you hear it ring when I hit it with my auto-
matic and notice the peculiar color of it?”

The Air Afire!

THE two young fellows stared at one another
as two penniless adventurers on an island
might stare at one another upon realizing that
the whole island beneath their feet was pure
gold.

  “The color,” continued Bailee. "That scar-
let ! Then the ring of it! I rang the great Dal-
ton consignment of sheet 4-X-Olite at the Borneo
Basic with my automatic, and got hell for it.
But hell pays on its bonds—in time!”

  “This whole planet is scarlet,” nodded David-
son. “It’s chief element may be crude 4-X-Ol-
ite.”

  “The sweet girls die!” groaned Bailee. “And
turn their bodies into crystal and call that im-
mortality. And they might live—young—for-
ever—with a planet of 4-X-Olite under their
feet.”

  “Perhaps the snake men know,” said Hal-Al,
“or the snake women. And keep it from the
others, to use for themselves. But what of it?
We can’t get back to the earth with any of it,
and we mayn’t be able while here to extract the
salts of it for our personal use. Let’s forget
it and keep moving!”

  “On!" exclaimed Davidson. “It is the motto
of the Runners of Navare. The greatest word
of the greatest lodge.”

  “But the girls!” sighed Bailee. “The sweet
girls! They walk under the crystal waters and
perish, to keep from withering into age, and here
is the scarlet metal of everlasting youth going to
waste to make the coach of a stick-bug! The
damned inconsistency of the consistency of it!”
“It may be the same with us on the earth,”
mused the little corporal. “There may be some
material there as common as mud that would
give us all perpetual youth, and some wanderer
from this planet might learn of it but die before
he could tell us of it. After all, knowledge is
about all that’s worth searching for, for with
perfect knowledge all things would follow.”
“I’d rather kiss a pretty girl than know the
reason for it,” growled Hal-Al. “Let’s put one
foot before another instead of one word before
another and get somewhere on the solid ground,
instead of on the worthless whey and curd of
conversation.”

  The little corporal promptly led off to the
right and away from the course taken by the
scarlet sphere, as he suspected the no-man had
hurried off to bring assistance to capture them.
As they went on, he informed his companions
that while searching for the man Jacquet he had
come on a quantity of what he believed was the
quartz of 4-X-Olite, and had stored enough in the
202	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

planet-plane to make them the richest of earth-
men, should they succeed in recovering the plane
and returning to earth. “You can buy Omaha
and Chicago between you and give them to your
sweethearts,” he added.

  “I’ll buy my old home town,” said Hal-Al.
“And change the names of all the streets to the
names of pretty girls, with the main drive named
after myself. Then I’ll buy Bailee’s home town
and forget it!”

  What the witty Bailee had up the sleeve of
repartee in answer to this fling at his home town
was jolted still further up by danger suddenly
uprearing itself along the horizon. Since alight-
ing on the scarlet planet the three men had never
seen any fire, or smoke, save that of their own
making; but now a sweep of fire about seven
meters high moved rapidly towards them jrom the direc-
tion the scarlet sphere had taken!

  “Out of this grass!” exclaimed Hal-Al. “Let’s
find a clear space, or water.”

  “It’s not the grass afire!” cried Davidson, in
great alarm. “The grass is too moist to burn
like that. They’ve set the air afire!”

  “We passed a stream back aways!” exclaimed
Bailee, and all three turned and ran at top speed
for the safety of water. There came a soft, far-
flung swish as of muffled fire behind them, but
being well ahead they reached the stream before
the flame, and with no more ceremony than three
dismal grunts plunged under cover of the shal-
low water.

  When his lungs rebelled, the little corporal
thrust a hand well above the water and realizing
no painful effect of dry or moist heat, came to
the surface. Getting the water from his eyes
he looked about. The fire had passed beyond
the stream and was moving rapidly away.

  Then Hal-Al and Bailee came to the surface.
“After this I’m going to lift my hat whenever
I see water!” said the latter.

DAVIDSON pointed at the two large scarlet
spheres gliding along, one at either end of
the retreating sheet of flame. “They play the
flame between them and sweep along with it like
a drag-net. But how do we know the net was
intended for us? These may be some pig-ser-
pent headed fellows, gunning out for that no-
man. Or it may be just some sport between
them, or something entirely foreign to our un-
derstanding.”

  “You can give them the benefit of the doubt,”
replied Bailee. “But I’d like to stow a thick hot
brick between the benefit and the doubt, for
their benefit."

  “They’re after us all right,” rumbled Hal-Al.
“They hit too near us to be shooting at some oth-
er target.”

  The little corporal still maintained his opinion
in spite of the seemifig inconsistency of it. “If
they had been after us, would they not have real-
ized we could escape the fire by hiding under
water, and returned to search the stream?”
“They’ll be back, then,” said Bailee. “Let’s
work down stream to some place where it’s too
deep for them to boil us out. I can stand a great
deal of moisture but very little boiling.”

  “Lite the lobster,” said Hal-Al.

  Bailee’s suggestion that they work down
stream seemed the most sensible thing to do, for
should they leave the water and expose their per-
sons, they might be seen, and captured or killed.

  But the fire-drag did not return, and the little
corporal" concluded that either the drag had not
been intended for them, or else the enemy was
very stupid, or careless to the point of stupidity,
to have taken it for granted that they had been
killed.

  “They may have been stupid tc trust to luck,"
he said. “But we were as stupid not to look to
see if any vegetation had been burnt or injured
in the path of the fire. It may. not have been
real fire, but a mere optical deception, and we
should have learned which it was, in case we
should meet with it again.”

  “Never mind going back,” grinned Bailee.
“We may learn it wasn’t fire, but that won’t
prove that Hal could live through it out of wa-
ter, where it would filter through the cracks in
his decency. We must not expose him to the
slightest risk, for it’s so easy to kill a rotten
mackerel.”

  “We can learn what it is next time,” growled
Hal-Al. “But there’s not likely to be any next
time. This clean, sweet fire may have been
gladder to get away from Bailee than he from
it.”

  “I’ll let you have the last say, as you never
have the last sense,” nodded Bailee.

  After a time they came on a large rock-like
formation, and here the two younger men divest-
ed themselves of all their clothing, in spite of
Davidson’s warning that it would be wise to let
their clothing dry on their backs, since they were
in enemy country.

  “I’m no old woman that I always have to hang
on to my trousers, like an only petticoat!” ex-
claimed Bailee, spreading out his clothing on the
sunny side of the rock beside that of Hal-Al.

  To keep in closer sympathy with his compan-
ions the little corporal now flung caution aside
and, divesting himself of his own wet clothing,
placed it on the rock to dry. “He’s a good old
sport,” he overheard Bailee comment aside to
Hal-Al. “But did you notice how those trousers
of his came off as hard as an old woman’s only
petticoat at church?”

  By concealing themselves behind a rock and
remaining quiet for a time they succeeded in
bringing down a small, fat, pig-like animal,
which they roasted, and this tender meat, with
some fruit from a neighboring grove, thoroughly
satisfied their hunger.

  “I’d give ten years of eternity for a smoke,”
said Bailee, with a wry face, throwing aside a
cigarette that he had improvised from some dry
grass. “Oh for a snipe from the streets of Oma-
ha! Even a snipe from a Chicago gutter would
be almost welcome at this miserable moment!”

  “How are the mighty fallen!” scowled Hal-Al.
“All that remains to us of the joy of the weed is
to remember and to spit.”

  “Every man has got the makings of happiness,
if not a cigarette,” philosophized Bailee. “But
each has to roll his own joy-smoke. I’m going
THE SCARLET PLANET	203

to fall asleep and dream of a package of the fin-
est.”

  Hal-Al yawned. “I'll take a little snatch of
sleep too, while the corporal watches. But I’ll
not sleep near you, for you may dream of fine-
cut and spit in my eye.”

  They fell asleep feet to feet, while Davidson
remained awake. He felt about as helpless as
a feeble old woman watching over two healthy
half-grown boys. He couldn’t reason with them,
and they were too large for him to thrash. He
was tempted to put on his clothes and leave them
to their own devices, while he set about alone to
recover the planet-plane or perish in the attempt.
In numbers and unity there is not always
strength or wisdom, but the contrary is some-
times the wiser medium. Men are neither ani-
mals nor insects, and often are greater indivi-
dually than collectively.

  But the power of the little corporal’s will
seemed to fall just short of the strength which
would allow him to go his way alone. Fellow-
ship was about all that was left him, and he de-
cided he had best hold fast to this. The two
younger men were bright and brave comrades,
though careless generally, with the pardonable
carelessness of youth, and better large distresses
with good fellowship than small distresses with
none.

  He was about to resume his clothing, which
was now fairly dry, when from around the near-
est wood a sweep of flame similar to the one they
had previously escaped, came racing with great
speed towards himself and sleeping companions.

CHAPTER XIX

Human Gargoyles

AS the flame bore down on Davidson, he real-
ized that they had been followed by the
enemy. He rushed around to the shady side of
the rock where his companions were asleep and
awakening them without any ceremony, fairly
drove them into the water. Each man seized
his automatic, but there was not a moment to
spare to save any of their clothing. They hit
the water as a wave of heat flushed their backs,
and remained under till they were compelled to
come to the surface for air.

  The fire-drag had gone on, and the engineers
of that drag either thought they had succeeded
this time in killing the three men if such mood
was their purpose or they were now in the mood
of the tiger, who, it is said, will spring but once
for his prey and, missing it, goes surlily on.

  “You’ll have to admit that we are the target,”
growled Hal-Al. “They all but rang the bell
that shot.”

  “Don’t insult the corporal,” grinned Bailee.
“He’s cautious, but he’s open to truth, when she
arrives and brings along all her relatives, with a
calliope and a brass band.”

  “I rather think I was wrong before,” admitted
Davidson. “Twice directly over us seems more
than a coincidence, but I have experienced coin-
cidences that were more magnificent and consis-

tent than any arrangement we call truth, yet
they were coincidences.”

  “That’s right, corporal,” nodded Bailee. “Al-
ways keep a string on your acquiescence: you
may want to yank it back at any moment.”

  They got from the water and, though they an-
ticipated ill luck, it was with a start that they
perceived but a tissue of gray ashes in lieu of
their clothing, lying upon the rock.

  Bailee laid the muzzle of his automatic across
his wrist watch. “The time, the man, and the
gun! What a movie I would make!”

  “Not even a shirt left!” rumbled Hal-Al, sav-
agely.

  “We’re alive at least,” said Davidson. “Evi-
dently this is some kind 6f fire that destroys,
with no perceptible smoke, like a powerful acid.
Let us move on quickly.”

  “Naked as a babe and innocent as a ram,”
grinned Bailee. “Forward, gentlemen of the
light wardrobe!”

  Under the heavy hand of disaster he reacted
as lightly as a cork from under water, but Hal-
Al shook a bronzed fist after the distant fire-
drag and swore revenge.

  The binoculars that Davidson had left on the
rock appeared to be ruined, the lenses encrusted
with a peculiar green smut. However, he re-
tained the instrument as something might yet be
got from it. Their hunting knives were still ser-
viceable, and with the point of his Hal-Al mood-
ily scraped some incrustation from the great
rock. Suddenly the stone showed warmly scar-
let beneath, and the men decided it was the pre-
cious life-giving quartz of 4-X-Olite.

  “The joke’s on us,” sighed Bailee. “We can’t
make use of the quartz, or sell it, or tell the na-
tives about it, and be rewarded with a magnifi-
cent shawl or kimono. And the quartz that you
stored on the planet-plane, since we’ll never see
the plane again, will be about as useful to us as
a prize bird-dog in a live alligator’s stomach.
Button your vest, Hal!”

  The two younger men fell to boxing while Dav-
idson leaned against the great nugget of 4-X-Ol-
ite and held a solitary counsel of war. They
were naked in the enemy’s country, with not
even shoes on their feet. They had remaining
but a few charges in their automatics, and they
must soon protect themselves with stones, and
kill their game by the same method, with the
possible aid of a pitfall. Fruits there were
aplenty, but they would become mush on a diet
of fruit only.

  “We must capture a sphere of some sort,” de-
cided the little corporal.

  The others gave over their boxing. “Lead
on!” said Bailee. “You are less naked than we,
for beside your watch you still have a ring on
your person. It’s little, but every little will help
the ladies.”

  “I’ll follow,” nodded Hal-Al. “But not in the
water. I’m no homesick sponge!”

  “Then stay on the shore and start a feather
cannery,” grinned Bailee, stepping into the wa-
ter behind Davidson, who had taken to the
stream as the best method of concealing their
retreat from the enemy.
204	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  This retort brought Hal-Al into the water,
where an aquatic fight followed, covering a mile.
Here a wood grew down to the stream, and they
left the water and Davidson climbed a tall tree.
Far off to his left he glimpsed the purple walls
of the City of Forbidden Ladies. He had placed
the city in the opposite direction and had thought
to lead his companions away from this danger-
ous locality until they were better armed against
attack. He descended from the tree and frank-
ly informed the men of the fact, and the danger
of the fact. But they were highly elated, and
Bailee suggested that they proceed at once to the
city and throw themselves on the generosity of
the ladies for wearing apparel.

  The little corporal bit his ragged mustache.
“We might as well throw ourselves on the gener-
osity of a barbed-wire fence for a little esoteric
peace. We will have to commandeer the toga
of some no-man or pig-serpent headed native, ft
he doesn’t first commandeer our skins for his
own devious ends.”

  “Don’t talk so familiarly of my flesh separated
from my bones,” protested Bailee. “It makes
me feel too much up against it! Loan me a neck-
tie, Hal.”

THEY leapt to their bare feet in sudden alarm.
Between them and the river came the sound
as of numerous moving bodies, and cut off from
escape by water, and fearing they know not just
what danger, but vaguely suspecting a dozen
dangers from another flood of geometric figures
to a herd of wild creatures they took the shortest
line to safety, which among trees is upward. A
few minutes later, concealed amidst the thick
branches, they saw a score of deaths go by.
Hateful, squat figures with brutal human forms
below the neck, and almost human faces, but
toadish and compressed, as if some horror had
sat on top of them in their infancy and flattened
their skulls. “Human gargoyles, or humanity
gone to the damnation toads,” as Bailee’s deft-
pencil of a tongue illustrated them afterwards.

  When these and strange and alarming crea-
tures had gone by, and the three men had re-
covered their somewhat shaken nerve, they res-
cended from the trees and made back to the
stream, to learn if the enemy had left any sphere
or any guard in that direction. Davidson re-
flected that that which was evidently the human-
ity of this scarlet planet had split into many
forms, while on the earth it had split into but
two forms, man and ape. Perhaps these fellows
were the apes of the planet, for they had swung
by with the agility of apes, and with a slight ap-
ish crouch.

  “And every one had a handsome shawl, and
me naked!” sighed Bailee. “The insult of it!”

  At the edge of the wood stood a great scarlet
sphere. They rushed it with drawn automatics
and, finding no one to bar their entry, sprang in-
side the open door.

  “We’re as lucky as three picked roosters jump-
ing back into their feathers,” grinned Bailee. He
found the metal arm that locked the door and
thrust it around till it functioned.

  Evidently they were alone in the sphere, for

they were not hindered, and examining the pilot
key-board found it similar in general appearance
to the one in the sphere of the bat girls, but they
had to try half the keys before the sphere re-
sponded to simple motion ahead, for the response
of the keys was different from that of the other
pilot-board. Then Davidson located the stop-
key, and with the power to go ahead or stop at
will, they again felt almost masters of their fate.

  “Let’s head around the wood and attempt to
learn what these fellows are up to,” suggested
Bailee. “Perhaps if we are careful, and with
the help of a kindly providence, we can get into
a glorious scrap with them.”

  The little corporal feared to cross the stream
in the sphere, so he kept around the woods, but
with no wish to get into a fight with the enemy.

  “You two might get busy and lace any cloth
you can find into three togas for us,” he suggest-
ed.

  Bailee and Hal-Al fell to work on some fabric
which may have been the bedding of the squat
fellows, and it was a quick and easy matter to
lace them with thongs of the same fabric into
rude bags, from which their legs, arms and heads
protruded with perfect freedom. All the while
they had proceeded very slowly along the wood,
for Davidson had been unable to find any key
or combination that would accelerate the almost
dragging progress of the sphere. He concluded
that perhaps these squat fellows were allowed
only so much speed by the government, that they
might be easily apprehended, should they seek
to overstep the law. He kept the sphere well
within the shadow thrown by the trees, as this
offered the best means of escape, should the
owners of the sphere discover its absence and
take to the treetops to locate it. Occasionally
they stopped while one of the men listened at
the half opened door, more advantageously to
sense any sound or sight of pursuit. But they
localized no enemy.

The Furies Unleashed!

THERE was a quantity of what appeared to
be dry, pressed food-substance, in briquette
form, in a large metal-like hamper on the upper
floor of the sphere. Bailee volunteered to sam-
ple a bit, and if it satisfied hunger and did not
distress him, they could consider it the stuff on
which these squat fellows sustained life. Ac-
cording to Bailee’s verdict, it tasted better than it
looked, and digested better than it tasted, and
had the flavor of a compound of salted dried
meat, cheese, nuts and grain.

  There was no water on the sphere, so they ran
in among some tall scarlet, feather-like growth
near a sparkling little spring, and here filled with
water several large vessels that they found
aboard and afterwards remained at the spring,
on guard, waiting for developments. Develop-
ments followed so swiftly that they never drank
but a few cupfuls of this water they had col-
lected.

  They were just about to retire into the sphere
to make a thorough study of its possibilities as a
means of offense and defense, when four of
THE SCARLET PLANET	205

those squat, human-like figures came hurrying
from the neighboring wood directly towards the
sphere bearing amongst them some struggling
creature swathed evidently in their own gar-
ments, for the captors were nude. Their bodies
revealed in ugliness.

  They came directly to the open door of the
sphere, as if they had themselves left that vehicle
there, or expected to find it in the neighborhood,
and were in the very act of bearing their burden
into the sphere when the three men sprang upon
them from the tall scarlet grass, where they had
crouched for concealment at the unexpected ap-
proach of the enemy.

  ‘‘Don’t kill!” the little corporal cried to his
companions. Yet they found they had to kill,
and Davidson was the first to do so, for the ene-
my proved to be four furies that only death could
turn aside. The toad-men would have made
short work of them if they had not been armed
with their automatics, and as it was they were
torn as by rip saws. The enemy ripped them
down to nakedness in a trice with their teeth
and nails, then laid strips of their flesh bare from
the bone.

  Half-blinded with his own blood, Davidson
shot to kill before he could no longer distinguish
friend from foe, and Hal-Al and Bailee gave no
quarter. Such was the fury and tenacity of the
toad-men that one of them, with his head hang-
ing on his chest from his neck being shot half
away, seized a companion, being no longer able
to distinguish his own kind, and tore an arm from
its socket.

  “Devils of the old school!” grinned Bailee,
rather ghastly, the blood pouring from his very
hair roots. Then he patted his automatic. “He’s
barked his last, but he barked up the right tree!”

  They carried their dead enemies’ captive into
the sphere, for long, fair hair hanging from one
end of the swathed form told its story of beau-
ty in distress. Then they shut fast the door
and removed from the scene, as they thought it
wiser to be elsewhere, and that too with dis-
patch.

  Bailee bore the swathed form that they had
rescued closer to the circular glass-like substance
that allowed light to enter the sphere. “Let’s
take a look at what we pulled out of that crater
of steel cats.”

  They gathered around and unwrapped the
bundle, half on guard lest the captive might
prove to be a female of the same species, and if
the female was more cruel than the male they
might well retreat before they advanced, accord-
ing to the old humorous bull of caution.

  They gasped as their capture was exposed.
Innocence, distress, and loveliness, in one perfect
womanly form, glowed before them in the half-
light, like some holy flame suddenly disclosed by
their rude, torn and blood-stained hands.

  “Not for me!” muttered Hal-Al, half veiling
his eyes with his hands as from a light too bright
to bear.

  Bailee got up and moved away, but quickly
returned with three long strips of cloth, which
he distributed, one to each man. Wrapping his
own about his nude, blood-stained person, he

drew a breath of relief. Hal-Al and Davidson
attired themselves similarly, then the latter
fetched some water in a small shallow vessel of
clear blue crystal and offered it to their guest.

SHE drank, and the offer of water must have
been among her kind a token of friendship,
for she seemed at once relieved of her former
fears. Or else she sensed that these were males
of another sort than her former captors. She
was very lovely, and it must go at that. To at-
tempt to paint such beauty, with a glow of inno-
cence behind if exceeding beauty itself, would
be, with the limitation of words, but to fail mis-
erably, and traduce the lovely original with a
crude imitation.

  “She’s no bat-girl!” sighed Bailee. “The
cherubs have lit up the holy angel in her and you
can see that bright taper burning! I must go
take a bath!”

  Hal-Al fell to stripping thongs from a piece
of fabric, and offered no comment. Davidson
went above to study the pilot-board, and when
he returned below he found both of the others
attired in sack garments similar to those torn
from them by the toad-men, and Hal-Al was just
finishing a third garment, which he informed
the little corporal was for him. Their guest had
removed to a kind of couch against the wall of
the sphere, where she remained very quietly re-
garding them.

  "She certainly has about her something above
common blood and salt,” meditated Davidson.
“If we can get her safely back to her own kind,
her people may stake us, just from gratitude, to
a little certainty on this uncertain planet.”

  For a moment the little corporal felt his spine
tingle, for he had noted a light in the lovely, in-
telligent eyes of their guest as if she had under-
stood what he had said. But he immediately dis-
missed the thought as the wildest fancy that hope
could conjure of imagination.

  Suddenly Bailee demanded of the girl. “Is
there anything I can do for you? I am the cap-
tain, and these two rude fellows are my crew.”
The girl seemed to understand that she had
been addressed. She replied in a language at
once so unfamiliar and musical that it seemed
more like the low, sweet tone of some harmonic
instrument than the voice of a living creature.

  Bailee turned to the others. “She says she
has long looked up the winding future towards
this happy hour, as one might look through the
tender blue toward a distant, golden star that
mystic voices whispered was the star of destiny.
She requests that you both withdraw and allow
her to remain alone with her fate, which is me.
She adds that fate is mighty but love prevails,
and both love and fate being in my favor, it is
unnecessary that she advertise further for a tall
handsome young destiny, or interview any other
applicants waiting in the vestibule of time. In
brief, she has selected her leading man and I am
that handsome, uncensored Close-Up.”

With a groan of disgust Hal-Al wound a
bronzed arm around Bailee’s neck and led him
to the upper floor of the sphere. Davidson re-
(Continued on Page 278)
The Man of Bronze

                    by A. L. Fierst

    The ways of men ace very
 devious, and their uses of the
 Irifts of nature are a true in-
 dex of their character. One
 type of scientist spends his
 life in an obscure laboratory
 suffering untold tortures to
 add just one little bit of
 knowledge to the world’s
 store. Others penetrate dis-
 ease-infested lands to study
 and die studying those afflic-
 tions that wipe out their fel-
 low-men. But how about the
 scientist who under the guise
 of patriotism and duty will
 destroy just as ruthlessly as
 his fellow scientists try to
 create? Ace these two types
 of scientists different breeds,
 or are they both doing their
 duty as they see it? The
 present story poses this in-
 teresting problem in pages
 filled with excitement and
 wonder.

NO one who knew young Frederick Vaux,
scion of a wealthy family, speed boat en-
thusiast, polo player, glider expert, would ever
imagine he was anything but a member of that
class of society referred to as “gilded youth.”
There is a strange notion prevalent, even now, in
1945, that the inheritance of great wealth auto-
matically makes a man mentally inferior to the
young people who, like Saturday’s children, have
to work for a living. That may have been true
in some cases ^.couple of decades ago, but at the
present time there is no excuse for such unfound-
ed notions. Grandfathers and fathers who amass
millions by their own effort and ability usually
have more than money to pass on to their grand-
sons and sons. Freddie Vaux, who, apparently,
never did anything but enjoy himself, was an out-
standing example of this new eugenics.

  Indeed, his sporting companions would have
been amazed at the suggestion that Freddie had
ever done anything useful in his entire career.
But they would have been astounded if they
could have known that on a certain pleasant
summer afternoon, not long ago, when he was
supposed to be off grappling with the monsters

of the deep around Catalina Island, he was in
reality standing before the chief of his country’s
secret service operatives—in a sweltering office
thousands of miles from the blue waters of the
Pacific.

  “Vaux,” said the chief, “you’re a society man.
By all the laws of nature and social custom you
should have sat for a portrait bust by Franz Hel-
mer, who’s making more money out of your
friends in the upper crust than your grandfather
ever did out of the exploited laboring man.”

  Vaux bowed his acknowledgement of this deli-
cate compliment to his esteemed ancestor. “I am
a personal friend of Helmer,” he answered. “I
haven’t sat for him as yet, but I hang, around his
studio a good deal when I haven’t anything bet-
ter to do. Very interesting genius, in his own
way.”

  “Very,” remarked the chief, with a grimace.
“You may not know it, but we have been watch-
ing his actions ever since he came to this country.
I’m not so sure that all this sculpturing of his
isn’t a mask for something else. He has entirely
too many connections among suspected people.”
“But Helmer is a great artist,” objected Vaux,
 Illustrated by Miller

 Vaux decided to take a long chance. He leaped lightly to the ped-

estal and held the glass to the parted lips.

“Surely you don’t think a man can turn out work
like his just to fool people!”

  “You’re young yet,” answered Henderson.
“You’ll learn. But I didn’t call you here to argue
about art. What I want to know is this: Can
you gain access to his studio at any time without
arousing any undue suspicion?”

  “Oh, yes, easily. Who would suspect anybody
with a reputation like mine? Champion playboy
of the younger set, and all that?”

  “That’s fine. Now listen: I suppose you’ve
heard of Manning—Montague Manning?”

  “The inventor?”

  “Right. Manning is particularly valuable to
this country right now. I imagine you must have
heard something of his new explosive. A pound
of his Mannite compares with a pound of that old
T. N. T. as a pound of T. N. T. compares with the
paper cap in a toy pistol. Try and imagine what
a half-ton bomb of Mannite could do to a city, an
army, or a battleship.”

  “I’ll try to,” said Vaux, “but my imagination
isn’t very good. It doesn’t run along those
lines.”

  “Well, Manning realizing that his explosive
wouldn’t be of any use to private individuals—
unless they wanted to blow up Pike’s Peak, or
something—has sold his patents to the govern-
ment. At the present time the War Department
owns all rights to its use, and Manning is en-

207

                         gaged in working out
                         plans to make it ef-
                         fective in instruments
                         of offense or defense.
                         Particularly in bombs
                         and projectiles. Later
                         he’ll concentrate on
                         depth charges. Of
                         course, I don’t mean
                         that there’s any like-
                         lihood of a war,” he
                         added, with what was
                         supposed to be a vir-
                         tuous expression on
                         his stony counten-
                         ance, “but — you
                         know, just in case
                         anything like that
                         should happen.. .Well,
                         we’ll feel a lot more
                         comfortable if we
                         have the Mannite, and
                         the other fellow wor-
                         ries about it. Do you
                         get the idea?”

                              “I begin to see the
light,” said Vaux.
“You think that Hel-
mer and his friends
are trying to get the
formula away from
Manning, even if he
has sold all his rights.
Their own country—
Hisalpina—will then
be equal to any of the
great powers.”

  “You’re a credit to the service,” said Hender-
son. “Now of course, you know what you have
to do. We have maintained the utmost secrecy
concerning Mannite. No announcement of it ever
appeared in the papers. In fact, we made it
plain that any talk concerning a new explosive
was unfounded, and that there wasn’t any such
thing. But there’s no such thing as a secret.
Someone must have made a slip somewhere.
Knowing the propensities of a lot of clever peo-
ple on our list, we have put two and two together
and made four—at least, we hope we have made
four.”

  “But I don’t see where Helmer fits into all
this,” said Vaux. “It’s natural for him to asso-
ciate with people from his own country.”

  “Oh—didn’t I tell you?” asked Henderson.
“Helmer has been receiving regular visits from Manning!”

  AUX whistled.

    “When anyone is especially valuable to the
welfare of the country, we have him watched
and guarded. The president has a flock of our
boys following him around wherever he goes.
Ever since we decided that Manning was so use-
ful to us, we’ve had a couple of good men trail
him around. He doesn’t know it—we didn’t
want to make him nervous. We don’t mistrust
him. We have absolute faith in his patriotism
and his loyalty. But we have to take care of
208

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

him. So that’s how we found out about his visits
to Helmer. Whenever he’s in New York, he
spends a couple of hours a day there.”

  “Very simple,” said Vaux. “He’s having his
face and figure cast in bronze by Helmer’s new
method. That’s the latest fad. No more busts—
full figures is the thing now. Helmer’s genius
lies in expressing something by the torso and
limbs and hands, as well as by the face. That’s
where he’s unique. He came over here to do
some of our outstanding people, just as he did
the rulers of Europe and the great statesmen and
scientists and literary men. But, of course, our
society people couldn’t be left out, and insisted
on being in with the really great, so they’re pay-
ing him anything he asks. And, being a man
with a sense of humor as well as a sense of busi-
ness, he’s making more in a week than Rodin
ever made in his life.”

  “Yes? That may be true. But that’s all the
more reason why we have to watch him. In the
intimate conversation between a sculptor and a
subject, anything can slip out. And we always
have to watch out for violence.”

  “Oh, I see. You think they’ll
kidnap him, or something?”

  “Worse than that I have reli-
able information that Helmer ha3
a regular scientific laboratory in
his cellar, or somewhere. They
may torture him, and then kill him
to keep him from talking.”

  “I can’t believe that of Hel-
mer!”

  “Your orders,” said the chief,
ignoring him, “are to spend as ryjp
much time as you can in the studio, ''
to inform us of every appearance
Manning makes there, to report ***''
anything unusual, and to look
around as much as you can with-
out exciting suspicion. Of course,
they won’t try anything while
you’re there, but they’re very re-
sourceful. You have orders to go
armed whenever you visit Helmer, and to use
your weapon whenever you see fit to do so.”
“But if you keep Manning in Washington all
the time, you won’t have to worry about what he
does in New York.”

  “Oh. Cold feet?”

  Vaux flushed. “Listen,” he said. “I’ve shot
lions, and I’ve hunted tarpon in shark-infested
waters. I’ve busted bronchos on a dude ranch.
I’ve been in places where you wouldn’t care to
go. I’ve bluffed African cannibal chiefs and
made them like it. But if you mention cold feet
to me again I’ll quit right here and now, and you
can get somebody else to do your spying.”
“Sorry, sorry, sorry,” murmured Henderson,
who valued this young man’s ability to carry off
a situation. “But the point is that he has to
spend a lot of time in New York, where he has
his laboratory. He’s a great inventor, not a crim-
inal, and we can’t guard him. And besides, the
work he’s doing isn’t half as important to him as
it is to us. We’re more interested in it than he
is.”

  “Very well,” said the mollified Vaux. “I
never saw Manning, but I imagine we’ll be intro-
duced if we meet.”

  “You may meet when there isn’t any time for
introductions,” said Henderson. He reached in-
to a drawer of his desk and took out a handful
of photographs. “Here,” he said, selecting one
and handing it to Vaux. “Get this face fixed in
your memory, and if you ever see it in the flesh,
don’t let on that it means anything to you.”

  A few moments later the young man walked
out of the office and into what he declared later
was the most incredible adventure of his life.

The Man Kroll

THE next day Freddie Vaux, sportsman, man
about town, delightful idler, was lounging
comfortably in the cool studio of his distinguished
friend, Franz Helmer. The sculptor, relaxing
for an hour, amused himself with modeling a lit-
tle clay figurine which reproduced exactly the
finely cut features of the most eligible young
bachelor in New York.

  “I wonder you’re here in this
weather, Freddie,” he observed.
For a man who was counted a for-
eigner, his speech was remarkably
Americanized. “I don’t see any
of your friends around in this
heat.”

  “Well,” said Vaux, “I’ll tell you
what it is. As a matter of fact I
know that some excellent—ah—
well, to give you another reason,
there is a very pretty little girl I
know who is simply working her
heart out in the chorus during this
infernal weather, and the least I
can do is to make her leisure time
as comfortable as I can. You
know—long, cool, rides in my
motor boat, spins in my roadster,
and all that. Next week she
promised me to go up with me in
my little plane. Of course,” he added, seeing
the smile on Helmer’s face, “my interest is pure-
ly altruistic. It’s just that I’m so good-natured.”
“You should say your interest is academic,”
observed Helmer.

•	“Or scientific,” added Vaux. “I have always
wanted to add practical experiments in psychol-
ogy to my other scientific attainments.”

  “Your other scientific attainments? Since
when were you a scientist?”

  “Oh, I’m not much of one,” answered the
young man. “But I was always interested in
chemistry and physics, and I have a neat little
laboratory at home. Of course, my friends don’t
know about it—if they did, I would probably be-
come a social outcast.”

  “Indeed? My assistant—I don’t know whether
you’ve met him—is quite a scientist in his own
right. And not an amateur scientist either. In
our own country he is held in high esteem. He
assists me in my particular kind of bronze cast-
ing. It’s really scientific research with him.”
“That’s very interesting,” said Vaux. “I’d like

A. L. FIERST
THE MAN OF BRONZE	209

to meet him. As a matter of fact my own spec-
ialty is atomic disintegration, or disassociation—
I mean, shooting streams of electrons from vac-
uum tubes at various targets. I get a lot of fun
out of it.”

  Helmer stopped his work. “This is a coin-
cidence,” he said. “Kroll—my assistant—is also
a specialist in that. Down in our laboratory in
the cellar”—he motioned to the floor—“we have
what I think is one of the most advanced types
of Coolidge tube. It’s a development of Kroll’s,
of which the world as yet knows nothing.”

  “I would like to see it,” said Vaux, with well-
simulated eagerness, “and I’d also like to see
Kroll. I’m always interested in meeting men of
science.”

  “You shall,” said the sculptor, wiping his
hands on a stained rag. “And I want to show
you something else—which I consider my master-
piece. Oh, it’s a wonderful piece of work! You’d
swear it was alive! It’s a development of my
method, which I have just tried out.”

  Still talking, the sculptor led Vaux to the rear
of the studio. Stepping behind a screen, he
pressed a concealed button. A panel of the wall
rose before them.

  “Enter, my friend,” said Helmer. Vaux, re-
straining the desire to ask why all this secrecy
was used, walked boldly into the dim room be-
yond the panel, and down the steps which led
from it. Helmer closed the panel and followed
him.

  “I have that panel,” said the Hisalpinian, as if
seeing into Vaux’s mind, “because I don’t want
to spoil the looks of the studio. You know how
it is, when you have a flight of stairs leading
to a cellar. Spoils the whole effect.”

FROM the long, low, cement-floored room they
were entering came the unpleasant odor of
acids. Against one wall, and directly beneath
brilliant lights, were several work benches—
some of them obviously for chemical experiments,
and some for physical. Vaux paused before the
most elaborate vacuum pump he had ever seen;
an intricate device which made the ordinary
Geryk vacuum pump seem childish by compari-
son. A little farther down the vast, dim chamber
he started in astonishment at an enormous trans-
former, a tremendous helix of wire, wound in
numberless coils around a great central drum.

  “See the length of that spark-gap?" asked a
deep voice at his side. Vaux turned. The man
who stood next to him was undoubtedly Kroll,
the scientist. The young man looked up at a
magnificent brow surmounted by a mass of flow-
ing, grayish-brown hair, from beneath which, as
though from miniature caverns, two strangely
glittering eyes seemed to pierce his very brain.

  But the next moment Vaux observed, with a
feeling of trepidation, that the man was a giant;
not a white-skinned, hollow-chested man of ab-
stractions, but one who had probably been a
champion wrestler, and outdoor man, a moun-
tain-climber, a blacksmith. Kroll towered almost
a full head above the young man, who was every
bit of six feet tall; and his acid-stained working
robe, though it fell loosely around his extraord-

inarily broad shoulders and massive limbs, could
not hide the great chest that seemed about to
burst through it with every deep breath of the
wearer.

  Helmer hastened to introduce the two men,
who eyed each other with interest. Vaux real-
ized that, in a physical encounter, he would be no
match for the towering Hisalpinian, in spite of
his athletic training, his arms of steel, and his
unusual skill in boxing. Kroll belonged to that
class of individuals gifted with physiques beyond
those ordinary men could attain by the most as-
siduous training.

  Beside this colossus, Helmer appeared shorter
than he really was; and, though he was by no
means deficient in physical strength, he seemed
almost puny.

  Kroll, looking at the young man with an eye
that missed nothing, apparently found him wor-
thy of his consideration. Helmer was surprised.
Usually Kroll looked down upon strangers with
contempt, regarding them as much beneath him-
self in intellectual stature as in physical stature.

  The sculptor, as he showed Vaux around the
laboratory, kept up a constant stream of chatter.
Kroll, after a few words, had turned back to his
electrical apparatus.

CHAPTER II.

His Great Triumph

AT the sides of the room, heavy bars of dull
brown metal reflected dimly the light that fell
upon them. At the very end of the laboratory—
a veritable cavern—a solitary workman, wearing
a leather apron, was sorting more bars of this
same metal and making entries in an account
book.

  “Very interesting,” observed the young Amer-
ican. “I envy you. But what were you going to
show me?”

  “Ah, yes,” replied Helmer, with no great cor-
diality, “I had almost forgotten. But first we
shall see the vacuum tube of which I told you—
shall we? I know a little of science myself. We
Hisalpinians, as you probably know, are known
for our thoroughness.”

  Kroll was quite willing to demonstrate his
work to Vaux, who showed, by his questions, that
he was quite familiar with the operation of the
Coolidge Tube.

  “We use here an ordinary voltage of 220, alter-
nating current,” explained the scientists. “I step
it up to 60,000. Then, with this transformer”—
he pointed to the huge helix—“we realize no less
than three million volts when the spark shoots
across the spark gap.”

  “Three million volts!” exclaimed Vaux, “Why,
that’s twice as much as anyone has been able to
get before! You ought to be world-famous!”
Kroll bowed, but did not reply. He pointed to
a wall of solid lead which faced an enormous
vacuum tube. “This lead,” he informed Vaux,
“is four feet thick, and resists the stream of elec-
trons from my tube. There is, of course, no anti-
cathode. These rays are not as powerful as the
210	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

cosmic rays, which I am studying with a view to
approximating their force.”

  “He can destroy anything,” Helmer interposed.
“If he aims his tube at a piece of metal, an anim-
al,—anything—except that wall of lead, he can
make anything disappear—almost. He is a
magician.”

  The young man stooped and picked up a chunk
of discarded brass almost at his feet. “Will you
destroy this for me?” he asked.

  Kroll nodded. He placed the metal on a little
stand against the wall of lead. Then he adjusted
his cathode ray tube. The great glass bulb, in
which a perfect vacuum had been produced by
the pump Vaux had seen—or so Kroll referred
to the vacuum he had created—gleamed like
burnished metal in that dim atmosphere. The
giant advanced to the switch.

  Vaux and Helmer shrank behind him. Kroll,
standing close to his apparatus with the supreme
confidence of genius, pressed a rubber-handled
lever down—down—until a warning spark leap-
ed from the two parts of the contact apparatus.
Then he suddenly bore down on it with all his
weight.

  The young man, for a moment, thought his
ear-drums had been split by the crackle of gun-
fire. A vicious, brilliant spark snapped across
the gap. The smell of ozone in the air was noth-
ing short of nauseating. Involuntarily Vaux
stepped back; then, as the three-million-volt
charge shot through the tube, the interior of the
bulb glowed with bluish light. As they watched,
the lump of brass began to disintegrate before
their eyes; it seemed to be writhing in torture;
parts of it melted and ran down; then the metai
vanished entirely. Kroll shut off the current.

  “That piece of metal was twenty feet away,”
he said, trying to keep a note of triumph out of
his voice. “How far the electrons will shoot I
am not certain. I have not yet tried my rays at
a greater distance. When I complete my work,
I will be able to produce an electronic discharge
equal in power to the cosmic rays discovered by
Millikan decades ago.”

  “And now,” said Helmer, “I want to show you
the greatest piece of work I have done yet.” He
kissed the tips of his fingers with evident delight
in what he was about to display. For some reason
Vaux felt a sudden mistrust of the man. Some-
thing unaccountably sinister had entered into
Helmer’s attitude, with the simple gesture of de-
light.

  It was not the gesture of an artist. It reminded
the American of the gloating pleasure of an Afri-
can native he had witnessed the year before. The
cannibal had just returned with his enemy’s
head. But why, he asked himself, should he feel
about this man of genius precisely as he had felt
about a black savage?

  Helmer walked quickly to the other side of the
room and turned a corner into a little recess.
Vaux, accustomed to the semi-darkness of the
laboratory, was dazzled for a moment by the
profusion of light in the niche. The radiance,
from some source not discernible at once, played
over the most marvelous piece of statuary he had
ever seen.

FOR a moment he gazed in admiration. Then
a vague, an inexpresible feeling of positive
disgust began to creep over him. The human
figure, naked from the waist up, and wearing
conventional attire from the waist down—truly
a curious combination—was entirely too realis-
tic. Frozen on the gleaming metal face was an
expression of intense suffering, and all the marks
of great bodily fear were visible in the sharply
drawn lines of the countenance. It was this face
that made the statue different from any Vaux
had ever seen. True, there is a great ideal of
suffering depicted on the face of Laocoon, in that
famous piece of statuary which shows him and
his sons in the coils of serpents. But the master-
piece of Hellenistic art never touched the depths
of fear and pain on the face of this statue of
metal.

  “What a horrible thing!” exclaimed Vaux.
“Horrible?” echoed Helmer. “My dear boy,
on my word as an artist, I tell you this is a mas-
terpiece. The horror you experience is proof of
that. Note the twisted hands—observe the mus-
cles standing out on the arms, as though in a
struggle—against something—something dread-
ful—what can it be?”

  “You must be the devil himself!” said Vaux.
“What artist has ever been able to stamp on cold
metal an expression so diabolically alive? I
don’t think any human hand can be responsible
for this work! The face is too horribly human
in its anguish. Who could have posed for a stat-
ue like that? It must have been a man con-
demned to die!”

  “Oh, I had a model, all right,” said Helmer,
rubbing his hands with relish. “He was a man
who had loved much—and also suffered much—
in a short time.”

  “Why are the eyes closed?” asked Vaux.

  “The closed eyes and the lips slightly open
give just the expression I was seeking. It took
me some time to get it right, I assure you.”

  Vaux continued to stare at the statue. He
noticed that it did not have the color peculiar to
bronze; it seemed to be composed of pure cop-
per. Then, as he peered more closely at the
face, a sudden shock went through his system.
It couldn’t be! He stared again. Helmer was
watching him narrowly. Out of the twisted, tor-
tured lines of pain that composed the face, Vaux
was trying to imagine what the features would
be like in repose. His eyes narrowed to blue
slits. He had heard once that artists look at
pieces through half-closed eyes, in order to get
the full effect. That anguished face—detached
from the body—fascinated him. Then, in some-
thing like a flash of inspiration, the whole in-
credible thing was exposed, as in a blinding
light. The face was the face of Manning!

  Vaux hoped he exhibited no symptoms of sur-
prise. He did not relish the scrutiny to which he
was being subjected. Now that the first shock
of recognition was over, he examined the fea-
tures more closely, and with a definite purpose.
Yes, there could be no mistake about it. The pe-
culiarly high forehead, the extraordinarily fine
nose, the cleft chin, the mole on the left cheek—
it was Manning. He had never seen the man,
THE MAN OF BRONZE	211

but the photograph Henderson had given him
was enough for him to identify this monstrosity.
But how had Manning ever posed for such a
fiendish representation?

  Slowly the full horror of it all dawned upon
the young man. Manning had not posed—this
was Manning himself!

  “You like it?” asked Helmer.

  “You must pardon my first feelings,” answer-
ed Vaux, attempting to assume his usual air. “It
is so unbelieveably realistic that I thought for
a moment it was a man, and not a statue.”

  “It almost breathes—eh?”

  “This reminds me of a poem I once read,” said
Vaux. “It was about Donatello’s statue of St.
George. When Donatello asked one of the great
artists of the day about it—I think it was Bru-
nelleschi—the other fellow remarked that it was
a great work, but that it had one fault—it didn’t
breathe. Helmer,” he announced, looking the
sculptor in the eye, “I think you’ve beaten Dona-
tello—you have a statue that does breathe!”
Helmer seemed undecided as to how to take
this compliment. Then he bowed. “I never did
think much of Renaissance sculpture,” he an-
swered. “I think you ought to become a great
critic of the arts!”

  “Thank you,” said Vaux. Then, seized with
a sudden idea, he asked: “Do you mind if I
smoke?”

  “Certainly not!”

He Doesn’t Breathe

THE young man drew from his pocket a
straight-stemmed briar pipe, and innocently
tapped the bowl against the base of the statue to
empty it of ashes. Then, as if thinking of some-
thing else, he tapped it strongly against one leg
of the figure. Instead of a clear, ringing, sound,
the metal gave forth a muffled noise. Undoubt-
edly it was not hollow!

  “This is very interesting,” he said to Helmer.
“Shall we go back to the studio?”

  The sculptor nodded and walked ahead. In-
stantly Vaux decided to take a long chance.
Snatching a small round hand mirror from his
pocket—he was extraordinarily vain of his per-
sonal appearance—he leaped lightly to the ped-
estal of the statue and held the glass to its parted
lips. Impatiently he waited a moment. Then
he glanced at the mirror and leaped to the floor.
The glass had remained clear. Vaux breathed a
sigh of relief.

  “What are you doing with that mirror?” asked
the deep voice of Kroll. Vaux turned. He had
not realized that the giant had approached as
softly as a cat, and was watching him with his
piercing eyes.

  "Oh, nothing,” answered Vaux, edging away
as the scientist advanced toward him. “I was
trying to discover whether Helmer was a greater
sculptor than Donatello.”

  “Really?” asked Kroll, with a mysterious
smile. “And what have you discovered?”

  “I’m disappointed,” said Vaux, walking boldly
past the giant and following Helmer. “Donatel-

lo’s statue didn’t breathe—and neither does this
one. It was simply a whim of mine.”

  “For an educated young man like you,” mut-
tered Kroll, as Vaux walked up into the studio,
“you have some very curious whims, I should
say.”

  Then he casually picked up from the floor a
square of white paper Vaux had dropped from
his pocket in taking out the mirror, read the few
words typed on it, and smiled.

CHAPTER III.

An Amazing Secret

FREDDIE Vaux left Helmer’s studio and drove
directly to Manning’s residence. As he sat
behind the wheel of his two hundred-and-forty
horsepower, low-slung, racing car he knit his
brows in perplexity; and as he abstractedly
twisted his powerful machine through the heavy
traffic he kept repeating, almost aloud: “It can’t
be. It can’t be. But where is he?”

  For a moment he had imagined a living man
was inside that horrible statue; the muffled noise
given forth as he tapped the leg strengthened the
idea; and he had almost expected to find his
mirror clouded with breath. “If it is a man,”
he repeated, “they must have copper-plated him.
That vat of blue liquid—”

  Manning’s wife herself answered his ring at
the front door. She looked worried; and Vaux
imagined she had not slept the night before. His
name on his engraved card, and his fine fea-
tures—familiar to every reader of the Sunday
society sections of the newspapers—gained him
instant admission.

  “Is your husband here?” he asked, after the
formalities were over.

  “No, he’s not,” answered Mrs. Manning. “He
hasn’t been home all night, and I’m worried sick.
I know he went to Franz Helmer’s studio late
yesterday afternoon, and I haven’t heard from
him. I telephoned there, and Helmer himself
said he had left.”

  "Oh,” said Vaux. “That doesn’t sound so
good.”

  “Why, what do you mean?” asked the woman
in alarm.

  “It’s a long story,” said Vaux, “and I can’t
bother you with it now; but as I know you can
keep a secret—all inventors’ wives can do that—
I’m going to tell you that I was sent to that stud-
io to find out what had become of him. I’m do-
ing a little work for the Secret Service.”

  “You don’t mean—you don’t mean he’s in dan-
ger?”

  “I’m afraid I do. You see this morning I re-
ceived this note.”

  Vaux searched his pockets unsuccessfully.
“Good heavens,” he said, “I must have dropped
it in the studio! Well—this morning I received
a message from my superior with the words
typed on it: “MANNING WENT TO HELMER’S
LATE YESTERDAY: DID NOT COME OUT: IN-
VESTIGATE AT ONCE.” So you see it looks
serious. This morning I was in the studio and
I saw a bronze cast of a man who looked like
212	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

your husband. He was having one made,
wasn’t he?”

  “Yes—but it wasn’t anywhere near comple-
tion.”

  Vaux whistled again and looked at the woman
sympathetically. “Do you know about Man•
niteV’ he asked suddenly.

  “Yes—it’s a new explosive.”

  “It’s more than that—it means the peace of
the world in the right hands, and bloody war in
the wrong hands.”

  “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”

  “Someone may try to get the formula from
him. That’s why we’re watching him. And
these Hisalpinians—”

  “I’m one myself,” she said, simply. “I know
what you mean.”

  "You are one? I didn’t know he had ever been
there.”

  “Oh, yes—he met me there and brought me to
this country.”

  “Do you know anything of the artists and
scientists of that country? Do you know Hel-
mer?”

  “I’ve heard of him. But I know many others.
“Have you ever heard of a scientist—a man
of genius—named Kroll?”

  The woman’s face went dead white, and into
her eyes crept an expression of terror. “Kroll?”
she repeated. “Have you seen him? Can you
describe him to me?”

  “I saw him this morning,” said Vaux, “in Hel-
mer’s studio—or rather in a laboratory beneath
the studio. He’s a giant, with terrific power in
his limbs—anyone can see that—and a magni-
ficent head. His hair is brown, but it is gray-
ing.”

  “Yes,” she said dully “it would—by this
time.”

  “Then you know him?” asked Vaux, in sur-
prise.

  “Can you keep a secret?” she asked, in appar-
ent desperation. “Because—I don’t know why
—I think I can trust you.”

  “Most women do,” said Vaux, forgetting for
an instant the seriousness of the situation.

  “Then”—her hands twisted in her lap—“this
Kroll—this giant—is the greatest brain in Hisal-
pina, and a descendant of the first family of that
proud country; and—and—many years ago he tvas
my husband!”

  “What!” exclaimed Vaux, leaping to his feet.
“Oh, I begin to see it now! How did you come
to marry an American?”

  “I’m proud of it,” she said defiantly. “Do
you know anything about the marriage customs
among the better families of a country like mine?
You know that matches are arranged by par-
ents. To me, a young and inexperienced girl,
Kroll was a name—almost a legend. My fam-
ily arranged this brilliant marriage for me. Kroll
needed money for his experiments, and I brought
him a large dowry. He gave me the most res-
pected name in our own land. But that was all.”

U A SIDE from that he treated me with the ut-
A most contempt, looking upon me as upon
an inferior specimen of humanity. The one true

love of his life was science. To me he had dedi-
cated his life, and it made no difference to him
whether he had a wife or not. He made my life
a living hell. Then came his friend to study
with him—the man who is now my husband.
It was a case of love at first sight between us.
He knew that I was suffering, and it nearly broke
his heart.

  “After almost a year of this torture I could
stand it no longer. I told my lover that if he did
not take me away from Kroll I would kill my-
self. I meant it So we eloped. Kroll did
not miss me, of course, but we had insulted the
proudest name in Hisalpina, and that he could
never forget. We came to America; a divorce
was arranged; we were married—and that’s
about all I have to tell you about Kroll.”

  “Wait a minute,” said Vaux. “Did you say
your husband and Kroll studied together?”
“Yes. They worked together, conducted ex-
periments together, and perfected inventions to-
gether. Even at that time my husband was
working on explosives.”

  “So Kroll worked with him on Mannite, too,”
said Vaux thoughtfully. “He knew something
of it even then.”

  “But why has Kroll come to America—and
why has he not avenged himself already?” asked
the frightened woman. “Always I have been
expecting this. Once in a while news came over
the sea of some great discovery he had made,
and I thought we were secure. But now, with
Kroll in this country—”

  “Don’t worry,” said Vaux, cheerfully. “Your
husband will be back soon. I feel sure of it.
You know he has many affairs, and he may have
had to leave for somewhere suddenly. Perhaps
he intended to notify you and forgot to do so.”
“I hope you are right,” quavered Manning’s
wife, “but now that Kroll is here I shall never
feel safe again.”

  “One thing is certain,” said Vaux, as he took
his leave. “If your husband knew that Kroll
was working for Helmer, he would never set
foot inside that studio.”

  “But I’m sure he’s not working for Helmer,”
she answered, as she opened the door. “Kroll
would never work for anyone. I’m sure it is
Helmer who takes orders from him.”

  Vaux drove away slowly. “I think she’s right
at that,” he thought “A man like Kroll would
naturally be at the head of a ring of scientific
spies. With his brain—and then, nobody knows
who he is, and very few have ever seen him.”

  He debated with himself whether he should
notify the government organization of what he
had learned, or whether he should go back to
the studio, pretend he had forgotten something
there, and try to get the formula—somehow.
The wisdom of the first course appealed to him
immediately. He turned his car toward the
wooded hills of upper New York City, where the
Secret Service operatives had their warm-weath-
er quarters.

  Vaux drove slowly, restraining his powerful
motor as one holds back a spirited horse by pull-
ing at the reins. He did not realize, as he turn-
ed into a little-traveled road, that a large closed
THE MAN OF BRONZE	213

car was following him. And then several things
happened almost simultaneously. A cheap lit-
tle open car dashed in front of his expensive cus-
tom-bodied racer; so close, indeed, that it
scraped his bumper. Vaux suddenly stepped on
the brake, and as he left his seat to address
strong words to the driver of the other car, which
had also stopped, he found himself peering into
the black muzzle of a pistol.

  "A hold-up, eh?” he sneered. “Well, steal
my car—you won’t get very far with it. Every
cop in the state knows this one.”

  The man with the gun did not deign to reply.
He merely waited until the large closed car had
drawn up close to them.

  A door swung open. “Step inside,” invited a
cold voice, which issued from behind a revolver
pointed carelessly in his general direction.

  Vaux obeyed without a word. At the first
opportunity he would have drawn his own pis-
tol from his underarm holster; but, covered from
two directions, it was out of the question.

  The door of the limousine slammed shut.
Th/ough the window Vaux saw the driver of the
little car leave his own vehicle, clamber behind
the wheel of the best-known car in New York,
and leisurely follow the machine which was
bearing him away.

  “This is a stupid way of stealing a car,” began
Vaux. “You should have picked any car in
New York but that one.”

Kroll’s Story

UTX7 E don’t steal cars, my clever young
VV friend,” said the voice of Kroll. “We
have more important things to think of. Your
expensive toy will not be harmed, although I
doubt very much whether you will ever need it
again. You should not be so indiscreet as to
drop notes from your pockets. It is always safer
to memorize them and then burn them.”

  “You won’t get very far with this, Kroll,” said
Vaux. “I’m too well known for that. You might
get rid of Manning, but if anything should hap-
pen to me, the debutantes and chorus girls will
tear you limb from limb.”

  “I like your spirit,” said the scientist. “For-
tunately, I am never swayed by humor and you
seem to have more humor than sense. Instead
of driving to your superiors, you should have
telephoned. Such stupidity!”

  “I don’t know what you’re talking about,
Kroll.”

  “No? But I knew what you were talking
about a little while ago—with the woman who
used to be my wife. Really, you think very
little of me. You should appreciate intellect
when you meet it—you have so little of it your-
self.”

  “What I say to Mrs. Manning is my own busi-
ness,” snapped Vaux. “I suppose you’ve bribed
the servants, put dictaphones all over the house,
and kept tab on every move.”

  “Better than that,” chuckled Kroll. “See
this?” He pointed to a black box in the tonneau,
with a pair of earphones attached to it by an in-
sulated wire. “You amateur detectives use dic-

taphones which lead into another room. You
never think of applying the principle of radio
broadcasting, do you? Of course not. But 1
am Kroll. I heard you call me a man of gen-
ius. You are right. I can sit outside in my car
and hear every word that is spoken in that house.
Did you think for a minute I would let you get
away without following you? We suspected
you all along, and that note settled it. If you
were as wide awake as you think you are, you
might have noticed us following you.”

  “Where are we going?” asked Vaux, knowing
very well that he was on the way back to the
laboratory.

  “Guess,” said Kroll. “I have an idea Helmer
may want to make a cast of you—as a remem-
brance, perhaps.”

  “As you did of Manning," interposed Vaux.
“Exactly. I rather thought you guessed it.
When I found you putting that mirror to the sta-
tue’s mouth, I knew why you did it.”

  “This is monstrous,” said Vaux. “I couldn’t
believe it then, and I can’t believe it even now.
I can believe it only of a lunatic.”

  “Patriotism and vengeance may make a man
act like a lunatic,” answered Kroll. “My main
object was to get the formula for the Mannite—
which I have. After that—”

  “After that,” sneered Vaux, “you broke your
promise and copper-plated him. Oh, I can
imagine it all—you needn’t tell me. I suppose
Helmer offered him a fabulous sum for the for-
mula, which, naturally, he refused—out of pat-
riotism, as you call it. Then your fat little ac-
complice became insistent, and threatened him.
I can imagine Manning trying to get out. The
exits were guarded. Then, at the precise drama-
tic moment, I suppose you walked in—knowing
what effect it would have on him.”
“Remarkable!” exclaimed Kroll. “You really
have a brain after all. And what happened
after that?”

  “I can imagine. I can imagine you walking
toward him like an avenging doom, thirsting for
his blood. And why? Simply because your
wife couldn’t endure you any longer, and found
a man she really cared for. Anyone so devoted
as you are to science shouldn’t bother about a
mere wife.”

  “Don’t preach to me!” roared Kroll. “I have
waited twenty years to avenge my family honor.
Of course, you nouveaux riches don’t understand
what that is.”

  “My family is as good as yours,” said Vaux,
“with this difference—it’s a lot more civilized.”
“That’s what makes it so easy for you 1o be a
sneaking spy, eh?”

  “You aren’t a spy, are you?” countered Vaux.
“I,” said Kroll, “am a great scientist, and any-
thing that I do for my country comes under the
head of patriotism. What are you? A rich
man’s son, an idler, looking for a thrill. And
you thought you could fool me—Kroll! Oh,
you’ll get your thrill, all right, my young
friend.”

  “The biggest thrill I could get,” said Vaux,
between his teeth, “would be to feel that thick
214	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

neck of yours between my hands, you murderous
maniac!”

upRECISELY what Manning said,” chuck-
le led Kroll. “All you Americans talk like
the heroes of melodrama. Bah!”

  “If you didn’t have that gun pointing at me,
I’d kill you right now, strong as you are! Why
didn’t you murder me when you held me up, and
settle it?”

  “Ah, that would be crude—too much like your
own trick of taking people for a ride. And then
there would be too much evidence. Whereas,
when you are cased in bronze, who would think
of looking for you? Bodies buried in obscure
places have a habit of coming to light; bodies
cremated leave traces; but living men plated
with copper never tell any tales!'*

  “So you did that to Manning after all!” ex-
claimed Vaux, with a shudder. “After you got
the formula, too.”

  “Certainly. It was part of the method of get-
ting the formula.”

  “I see it all,” said Vaux. “You and Helmer
overpowered him, I suppose, and dragged him to
that horrible laboratory. Then—”

  “I’ll finish it for you,” interrupted Kroll. “You
may not appreciate the fine points of the situa-
tion. We didn’t overpower him. He went
there of his own accord—to give me the formu-
la, he said, and I knew he was lying to gain
time, or to think of a way out. And all the time
he kept up a stream of talk, talking like a fool
to get himself out with a whole skin.

  “When I told him the United States was using
his Mannite for weapons of offense, and that his
invention would be put to ignoble uses, and that
his name would do down as one accursed among
men, he charged me with having the same de-
signs for my own country—which, of course, I
have, or I would not have gone to all this trouble.

  “And then he even tried to say that he had for-
gotten the formula, because it was so involved,
and that the only copy was in the vaults of the
government. I replied that he could never for-
get it, because as a fellow scientist I knew it was
burned into his brain, and that it was not as in-
volved as he was trying to make me believe. As
his wife told you, I used to work on it with him
before he stole her.”

  “He must have realized his life was forfeit
anyway,” said Vaux. “Even if he gave you the
correct formula you would never allow him to
escape and warn the authorities. You were only
playing with him, to prolong the agony.’

  “A pleasure,” said Kroll, “after twenty years
of seething, burning, hatred. I often wonder
why I didn’t kill him sooner and set my mind at
rest. Anyway, he asked me what security he
had. ‘The word of Kroll’ I told him, and he had
to be satisfied with that. For centuries that
word has been better than a bond.

  “Then he sat down and scribbled off a formu-
la for an explosive less powerful than Mannite—I
could see the principal ingredient was missing.
I flung it in his face, and then, in a mad attempt
at freedom, he struck me in the temple with his
fist. I was dazed, and he ran, but Helmer met

him with a pistol, and I leaped on him and chok-
ed him into unconsciousness.

  “Helmer and I attended to everything alone—
we didn’t want any witnesses who might be
bribed later. We dragged Manning to that large
tank of blue liquid you saw—that’s copper sul-
phate solution. I had it equipped with clamps
for holding his head, arms, and ankles. I tore
off his upper garments, and left him naked to the
waist, so that the copper should plate his chest,
instead of his shirt.”

CAPTER IV

Back in the Trap

VAUX listened in growing horror. He found
it impossible to believe than anything so in-
human, so positively primitive as the torture of
an enemy, could take place in New York in his
time. He had seen African savages torture other
savages; but for a great scientist, and enlighten-
ed being, to do this to another scientist, was be-
yond the wildest flights of imagination. He
pinched himself, thinking he was asleep and in
the grip of a nightmare. Kroll noticed it.

  “You’re awake, never fear!” said the giant
Hisalpinian. “This is only a beginning. When
we got him in the tank, the cold liquid, as I ex-
pected it would, revived him. He looked around
in terror, tried to free himself from the clamps,
and then realized his situation. He began to
struggle, and tug at the clamps, but they only
bit deeper. Finally he desisted and looked at
me with fear written all over his face. Ah, it
was good—after twenty years!”

  “What a monster you are!” exclaimed Vaux.
“Compared to you, Nero was a saint. He, at
least, had the excuse of insanity.”

  “So have I, in your opinion,” observed Kroll.
“Well, when I told him that he was the cathode
of a copper solution, and that I could turn a
switch and copper-plate him, his memory sud-
denly improved. He swore that if I let him out
and let him get dry he’d work out the formula
—I knew it had to be worked out, and he wasn’t
in any position to do it while he was up to his
neck in sulphate solution.

  “Helmer and I unfastened the bands and drag-
ged him out, and he lay on the floor, shivering
like a dog that has come out of the water. I
threw him a towel, and he dried his clothes
against an electric heater I allowed him to use,
although it was a hot day. Then he asked for
writing materials, sat down at a table, and in
less than an hour he had the formula complete,
and the various secret steps in the manufacture
of the Mannite outlined.”

  “And where is the formula now?” asked Vaux.
“Perhaps you think you can destroy it? The
formula is burned into my brain. I shall never
forget it, and every step is as familiar to me as
my own name. That, my dear young friend, is
genius!”

“More than genius,” said Vaux. “Stupidity.”
“You think so? You think it poor policy to
entrust one man with a secret so valuable ? But
that is because you do not, and cannot, know
THE MAN OF BRONZE	215

me. By tomorrow, or perhaps tonight, the for-
mula and every step in its deduction will be in
the War Office of Hisalpina. Naturally I can-
not cable it or radio it; 1 use my own wireless
telephone, which can be heard at the War Office,
and nowhere else; and to insure further safety,
the entire formula and all its steps go in code—
you understand?—in code, so that even if the
message is tapped we will still be safe. Proba-
bly the Secret Service will seek for me soon; but
by that time my work here will have been accom-
plished.”

  “So you haven’t sent the message yet?” asked
Vaux, with a gleam of hope in his eyes.

  “I know what you think,” said Kroll. “You
imagine you can kill me in some way and pre-
vent its transmission. Well, even if you could
encompass that impossible feat, the secret will
still be ours. I have yet that paper on which
Manning worked it out; I am translating it into
my own code, which took me years to devise, and
which is like no other; and if anything should
happen to me, Helmer and the others can take
it from its hiding place—which, of course, you
will never find—and transmit it, although they
do not know the code, and they will have to use
our ordinary code. In any event, we are se-
cure.”

The car was approaching Helmer’s studio.
“You will alight before me,” directed Kroll,
“and walk directly into the studio. Remember
I have my revolver pressed against your back,
and I am not known for lack of nerve.”

  “You fool!” said Vaux. “Don't you know the
house is watched by government operatives?”
“It was,” corrected Kroll. “We knew that all
along. But at the present time the men assigned
to guard us are nowhere to be seen. In fact,
they have lost all interest in external events, and
I should not be at all surprised if they remained
that way for several days to come, by which time
the good work will have been accomplished. Go
on, get out.”

  He pressed the hard muzzle of the weapon in-
to Vaux’s back, and silently they walked up the
steps into the studio. The door closed behind
them, and the young man found himself, for the
first time in his life, a prisoner.

a\\T E are leaving your famous racing car
VV outside,” said Kroll, “so as to avert, all
suspicion. You see, we do things thoroughly in
our country.”

  Vaux did not reply. He was casting about for
a means of escape from this maniac, but the
guarded door of the studio, the grilled windows,
and the thirty-foot skylight offered no possible
chance of flight. The skylight he might reach,
he calculated, but only if he had the climbing
abilities of a simian.

  Except for a butler who was very obviously
armed, the studio %vas empty. “To the labora-
tory,” directed Kroll. “Helmer is waiting to im-
mortalize you in bronze for you world of debut-
antes and chorus girls.”

  Vaux looked about him in despair, and slow-
ly walked down the secret steps into the great,
acrid-smelling underground chamber. As the

door closed upon him he bid good-bye to light
and life and love and all the glorious things he
had to live for. Too late he realized, he reflect-
ed bitterly, that to serve one’s country in dan-
gerous ways is not the royal road to romance.

  “Got him, eh?” asked Helmer, as Kroll prod-
ded the reluctant Vaux into the light. “I’m sor-
ry, Freddie,” he said, with mock sympathy in his
voice, “but nice boys like you shouldn’t play with
dynamite—or rather Mannite, ha ha! Much as I
hate to lose your friendship, there are other
things I must consider—such as my own life and
my duty to my country. However, I will always
have you at my side, as a remembrance.”

  “No levity, Helmer,” ordered Kroll, in imper-
ious tones. It was quite evident that he was
master in his own domain. Mrs. Manning had
been right after all—Kroll would consent to take
part in an enterprise only if he could be the lead-
er.

  “You will keep him tied for another two hours
or so, while I complete the translation of the
code,” continued Kroll. "Then, before I tele-
phone Hisalpina and complete this assignment,
we will dispose of this spy. When I send the
message there will be nothing that will remain.”
He turned and went off to a little room opening
on the laboratory. Vaux saw him throw off his
coat and don a tight leathern shirt, leaving his
powerful arms and shoulders free.

  Then he observed the giant strap an automa-
tic pistol to his hip in an ordinary holster. Kroll
drew a chair up to a desk, took a key from a
drawer he unlocked, and with this key opened
still another lock—one which remained invisible
to Vaux because it was hidden somewhere in the
very wall of the room, something like the safe
deposit box at a bank.

  “I am not to be disturbed,” announced Kroll.
Then he shut the door.

  Helmer, keeping Vaux at bay with his pistol,
summoned two workmen from a sub-cellar.
Peasants, thought Vaux; animals without minds,
endowed with nothing but animal strength. In
the grip of two such specimens, even his own
steel muscles were helpless. Without a strug-
gle he permitted himself to be bound to a chair.
The peasants departed the way they had come.
The American and the Hisalpinian faced each
Other, Vaux contemptuous, Helmer wary..

  “Please don’t try anything,” begged the sculp-
tor. “I don’t like to do this in the first place,
and I loathe putting a bullet hole in that fine
body of yours. You will be my masterpiece, a
perfect athletic type, every muscle rigid, every
vein swelling—not a slobbering wretch like Man-
ning.”

  “You little rat,” said Vaux. “With one arm
free I’d break you in half, and then shatter you
into little pfeces, and throw you down the sew-
er! Do you think for one moment you can get
away with two murders?”

  “It is not my function to think,” said the sculp-
tor. “That is admirably attended to by my tall
colleague, whose mental powers have already
been demonstrated to you.”

  “Your master, you mean,”- sneered [Vaux.
216	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

“Imagine making a tool of an artist—for what?
To gratify the whims of a madman.”

  “Say what you want,” responded Helmer.
‘‘Nothing you can utter will change my purpose
one iota. Kroll is not a madman. As soon as
we have sent the formula to our own country,
Kroll will vanish, flying to Maine and then across
the ocean to safety. He will be a rich invalid
going to Europe for his health, and he will have
a couple of attendants in his amphibian whose
stupidity will disarm every inspector. I myself
—I shall remain here, carrying on the good work
of extracting thousands from your society peo-
ple. Adding insult to injury, eh?”

  Vaux flung him a look of contempt and re-
mained silent.

   “I do believe I forgot to search you,” said Hel-
mer suddenly. He stepped close to Vaux,
pressed the muzzle of his weapon against his tem-
ple, and ran his delicate fingers over his pockets.
“Ah, I thought so,” he murmured, drawing the
pistol from the young man’s shoulder holster.

  He held it to the light. “Gold-inlaid,” he ob-
served. “Very remarkable chasing. And—oh,
yes—initials, too.”

   “I’ll cut my initials on your heart, you scum!”
shouted Vaux, tugging frantically at the heavy
ropes that held him to a chair fastened in the
floor.

  “Not with this,” said Helmer. He drew the
loaded cartridge clip from the butt of the pistol,
threw it into a waste receptacle, and replaced
the initialed plates. “This will remain as a
souvenir of a delightful friendship,” he said.
“Excuse me a moment.”

Last Minutes

HE deliberately turned his back on Vaux and
placed the expensive weapon in a little wall
cabinet. “So I won’t forget it,” he explained,
with a smile. “I don’t get a gift like this every
day. F. V.—F. V.—I must invent a name to fit
those initials. Ah—Franz Vollmer! My own
first name, and my real last name!”

  Vaux opened his eyes wide. “Vollmer!” he
exclaimed. “Wasn’t there a Vollmer in the last
war—”

  “Your memory is excellent,” said the sculptor.
“There was a Vollmer in the last war. My eldest
brother. His plane was shot down by one of
your countrymen. I was very young then, but I
swore at his grave I would devote my life to in-
tense and active hatred of American and Ameri-
cans. Do you think I could get anywhere with
my real name? But Franz Helmer, the famous
sculptor—who could imagine anything so world-
ly of him as international hatred? So you see,”
he continued, with an unpleasant inflection in
his voice, “so you see there is really no use in
your trying to escape, and as for your talking
me into anything—offer me your entire fortune,
plus the millions of the rest of your family, and
see what happens.”

  “No,” said Vaux. “It would be a waste of
money. You would keep your promise just as
well as Kroll kept his promise to Manning. But
why don’t you kidnap me to Europe, or Africa

or somewhere, and leave me penniless—but
alive ? I’d never be in a position to harm you.”
“And I suppose you offer me a king’s ransom
for that?”

  “No—but a clear conscience.”

  Helmer laughed aloud. “Enough!" he said
impatiently. “We cannot afford to have you
alive, even at the ends of the earth. A Vaux
can get by anywhere. No, Kroll is right. As
soon as he emerges from his sanctum—” He did
not finish, but let his eyes wander to the tank of
blue liquid.

  “Anything but that!” exclaimed Vaux. “Why
don’t you shoot me like a man instead of tortur-
ing me like a fiend?”

  “One thing I can promise you,” said the sculp-
tor. “You will not suffer as Manning did Be-
fore you are fastened in that tank you will be un-
conscious. You will be stretched out so that
when we stand you on your feet—later—you
will have no unconscious look about you. And
if your countrymen recognize you, as I show them
my greatest works, I will boast of the time when
the great Freddie Vaux amused himself by pos-
ing for a lowly artist!”

*	* *

  Freddie Vaux sat in numb silence as minute
after minute ticked by and vanished, as far as he
was concerned, into the ocean of eternity. For
once in his adventurous life he owned himself
beaten, and without hope or resource. There
was one possibility of escape—if the government
operatives suspected he was a prisoner and raid-
ed the place. But how on earth could they
know? He did not believe in mental telepathy,
and even if he did he realized that no hard-boil-
ed man-hunter ever acts on a whim. “I wish a
lion had finished me instead,” he thought over
and over again. “This way I won’t even rest in
peace—not a decent grave—no place where army
airplanes can drop flowers on me Decoration
Day.”

  Helmer walked up and down before him, ab-
stractedly smoking a cigarette, but keeping his
sharp eyes on the man in the chair. Vaux felt
his hands and arms grow numb from the tight
cords. He knew from past experience it was
useless to try to free himself. He had read once
of a man who carried a little saw concealed in a
hollowed-out coin, and cut his bonds that way;
but under Helmer’s eyes, he reflected, not Hou-
dini himself could have escaped without a bullet
between the eyes or in the heart.

  More than once his fascinated gaze roved to
that fatal tank of innocent blue solution. On one
side he saw rows of heavy copper plates, ready
to be placed in solution to send their atoms to
the cathode. He imagined what had happened
to Manning. An idea struck him. Perhaps, at
the last minute, he could disconnect the current;
spill something into the solution—anything—
“Tell me what really became of Manning,”
he suddenly asked Helmer.

  “It is better for your peace of mind not to
know,” answered the sculptor. “I’ll tell you
nothing. Ask Kroll. I’m sure he will take the
greatest delight in recounting the details of that
clever sculpturing. Personally, I would have
THE MAN OF BRONZE	217

killed him and cremated him, but Kroll knows
best.”

  “Helmer,” began Vaux in desperation, “I’ll
strike one last bargain with you."

  “Since when does the mouse bargain with the
cat?”

tiT ISTEN to me, Helmer, or I’ll haunt you to
I i hell! Take my check book from my
breast pocket, draw a check for as large as
amount as you please—you can see the balance
runs to seven figures—and I’ll sign it—IF you
promise you’ll try to persuade Kroll—no, you
can’t persuade a lunatic. If you give me your
word, for whatever it’s worth, that you’ll shoot
me through the heart, take my body out to some
lonely road and leave it there. No one will ever
suspect you; it will look the work of gangsters;
and I’ll have a decent burial, and my family—
my family will know where I am. I’m not ask-
ing this for my sake, but simply for the old peo-
ple who think so much of me.”

  “Yes,” said Helmer with a smile. “For the
first time your family will know just where you
are at night. They won’t have to look for you
at the night clubs. But you must think I’m an
awful fool. I’m afraid your fright has deranged
you.”

  “What’s the matter?” asked Vaux.

  “Why, you must be mad! In the first place,
I couldn’t cash that check without being suspect-
ed of murder; in the second place I would have
to reckon with Kroll, and I’d sooner face a tiger;
and in the third place,—did you really think I
would loosen one hand to allow you to sign that
check? You’re not so clever, Freddie Vaux. I
wouldn’t trust you with one arm free any more
than I’d trust a bound lion with one paw free.”
“A compliment,” said Vaux. “But I meant it.
You have a gun. As soon as I sign it, shoot, and
be damned! Is it a bargain?”

  “Not while I am in my senses,” said Helmer.
“Even with a gun I wouldn’t be safe. I know
your reputation. You’re only an amateur boxer,
but you once knocked out the middleweight
champion—in a private affair. You know jiu-
jitsu like a Japanese. I’ve heard that there are
one-armed death holcfs. And in addition, you’re
desperate, while I’m calm. That will make you
ten times as resourceful and ten times as fast as
lam. No, sir! Onceandforall.no. Notone
finger!”

  “Then shoot now,” pleaded Vaux, “and do one
decent act in your whole rotten life. Even you
can’t be so low—’’

  “I don’t want to hear any more,” said Helmer,
impatiently. “Talk to Kroll.”

Vaux relapsed into silence, and gave himself
up for lost. He closed his eyes and tried to com-
ose himself. He would face death bravely, as
e had in the jungles of Africa, in the air, under
the sea. But such a death!

  Presently a door opened and Kroll appeared,
his face flushed from intense mental concentra-
tion, his eyes red from strain. “At once, Hel-
mer!” he commanded. “Prepare the tank.”
Helmer slunk away, and Kroll advanced to the
prisoner. “Well,” he asked, “and have you re-

signed yourself to becoming immortalized in
bronze?”

  “Copper,” answered Vaux.“ Even you couldn’t
make bronze flow in a solution.”

  “Trying to gain time, eh? Perhaps you think
I’ll experiment on it now? So did Manning.”
“And that is really Manning I saw—I mean, is
Manning inside that horrible statue?”

  “He is. Didn’t I tell you?”

  “No,” said Vaux, talking for time. “You left
off with the formula. Perhaps you were only
trying to tantalize me. Even Helmer won’t tell
me what has happened.”

  “He didn’t like it,” said Kroll, with a grimace.
“But I—ah, well, you wouldn’t understand.”
“Just to gain time,” said Vaux, with desperate
humor, “I’m going to ask you to tell me about it.
Perhaps if you allow me to see that figure again,
I’ll control myself so as not to appear so ridicu-
lous.”

  Kroll considered a moment. Then he drew
his pistol, pointed it at Vaux, and called to Hel-
mer. “Untie him!”

  Helmer started to protest. “Untie him,” re-
peated Kroll. “I’ll watch him. You go prepare
the plates.”

CHAPTER V

The Fiend’s Torture

THE sculptor, against his will, did as he was
told. He stepped back and Vaux rubbed his
paralyzed forearms to restore circulation. Kroll
motioned the young man to precede him, and
they walked slowly in the direction of the tor-
tured figure of Manning.

  “As Helmer may have told you,” rumbled
Kroll, “you will suffer nothing. We will do you
the supreme favor of allowing you to inhale
a container of hydrocyanic gas. which smells
pleasantly like almonds, and brings instant un-
consciousness.”

  “And death soon after,” amended Vaux.
“You aren’t fooling me, but I suppose I amto be
grateful for that, also. You didn’t allow Man-
ning to experience that supreme mercy, did
you?”

  “No! After he delivered the formula, I veri-
fied it, locked it up, and then, as he stood shiver-
ing with fear, I struck him a terrific blow on the
jaw. He fell like a log. Helmer and I rubbed
him all over with graphite and clamped him in
the tank again, where, to my supreme satisfac-
tion, he again revived, and this time he realized
there was no escape. Observe the fear on his
face,” said Kroll, waving his pistol toward the
distorted features of the bronzed figure. “We
switched on the current, the solution began to
bubble, and he wailed. He knew what was tak-
ing place.

  “Simple, isn’t it,” continued the scientist. “A
mere matter of anodes and cathodes, and the per-
fect crime is committed. Two perfect crimes, I
should say, Vaux,” he repeated, with unpleasant
emphasis on the last word.

  “Imagine! Here was Manning, the cathode
of a large copper voltmeter. At the anode were
218	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

plates of copper, such as you saw a few minutes
ago. I started the current. It was so low-pres-
sured that I am sure he couldn’t feel it. It didn’t
electrocute him—it let him live.

  “Of course, you know how it works. Take
two copper plates of the same weight and con-
nect them to the opposite poles of a current gen-
erator. Immerse them in copper sulphate solu-
tion, and the current flows through the solution
from one plate to the other. The negative plate
gains weight as the other loses it—the positive
copper ions are attracted to the negative plate,
and they coat it. For every copper atom taken
away at the anode, one atom is deposited at the
cathode. And so on.”

  Vaux shuddered at this coldly inhuman expo-
sition.

  “It was curious to watch how Manning’s black-
ened body became metallic as it took on its cop-
per coating. His struggles grew weaker and
weaker as the weight of the metal increased, and
he fought to the last—like any cornered rat. See
how tense the muscles are. He was caught and
held that way—it prolonged the agony, or rath-
er it made the agony worse.”

  “Impossible. Impossible,” repeated Vaux.
“You can’t be real. No one as fiendish as that
could exist.”

  “We won’t discuss that. You’ll soon find out,”
said Kroll, malignantly. “As his body became
coated he sank lower and lower, until only his
head remained above the solution. Then I sud-
denly passed my hand before his eyes—to make
him close them. Then I rubbed graphite on the
eyelids. You know—soriietimes a carbon rod is
used instead of a copper cathode, and the carbon
takes on the copper. Reverse the current, and
the carbon reappears.

  “As soon as his eyes were closed—and I hope
the graphite gave him some pleasant sensations
—I rubbed more graphite oyer his lips, to give
him a little thirst. I really believe he gulped the
solution, and this, of course, plated his mouth
and lips. Look inside—perfect job, isn’t it?”
Kroll had lashed himself into a manical fury
with his talk. His eyes glowed, and he almost
licked his lips as he continued.

  “Suddenly I pushed his head under the sur-
face of the solution.—Once—twice—three—four
times, until every inch of him had taken on that
perfect metal coating. He was, indeed, a mas-
terpiece 1”

VAUX continued to watch the excited giant.
In the back of his brain a forlorn hope had
suddenly assumed larger proportions.

  “And when he was plated from head to foot,
when every inch of his body had been cased and
coated in metal, so that he could not move, I shut
off the current. I am sure he still breathed,—
or he lived. It was all I could have desired.
Helmer had almost collapsed from nausea. I
brushed him aside. I, myself, I, Kroll, avenging
the honor of my family, I alone would affix that
statute to its niche.” He pointed with his gun
at the figure on the pedestal. “Soon you will
join him. You will stand in another niche, a

place of honor, representing youth! Youth and
age! The perfect combination!”

  Vaux placed both, hands carelessly against the
wall, as if to steady himself. Then he laid one
on the hip-high base of the statue and rested the
other on a low moulding along the wall.

  “And then,” said Kroll, appearing to swell to
twice his huge size, “then I lifted him—I, my-
self—all that mass of metal, weighing hundreds
of pounds—in these arms—”

  He stretched his powerful arms above his head,
in a mighty gesture of strength, like a lion
stretching himself. In his huge right hand the
pistol looked like a toy.

  And then the victim acted. Caught in the lit-
tle recess, his hands in a position to support his
body, Freddie Vaux called to his assistance those
powers he had developed on the polo field, the
track, the gridiron, in the ring, and in the racing
shell. As the giant spread wide his arms in that
magnificent gesture, Vaux moved toward him as
though on steel springs. With lightning speed
he heaved himself up on his sinewy brown hands.
And then, as Kroll still flexed his biceps, he
brought up his brogue-shod right foot in the
wicked, stiff-kneed kick of the Foreign Legion.
His heavy shoe, driven by his powerful leg mus-
cles, caught Kroll squarely in the groin.

  The scientist groaned and crumpled. Even in
his intense, his indescribable, physical agony—
agony which makes a strong man as weak as an
infant, paralyzes his brain, renders helpless all
his other muscles,—Kroll tried to aim his pistol
at Vaux as he writhed on the ground. Vaux
leaped and landed heavily with his right foot on
Kroll’s right wrist. The heavy fingers opened.
Snatching up the weapon, the prospective victim
leaped over his prostrate foe and into the larger
room.

  Kroll tried to shout. From across the work
benches came a spurt of flame, and Vaux flinch-
ed. The lobe of his left ear, clipped by Helmer’s
bullet, spattered his neck and shoulder with drip-
ping blood. Vaux’s first shot took the sculptor
in the forearm. As the Hisalpinian groaned and
stooped for his weapon the American fired again,
and his bullet smashed a bottle of sulphuric acid
behind Helmer. The liquid poured to the floor
in a little torrent, drenching the sculptor’s mar-
vellous hands. He screamed in agony as the cor-
roding stream ate away his well-kept flesh and
laid bare to the bone. Still fighting, he lifted his
pistol in his unwounded hand, rested it on the
edge of the table, and fired again. But his aim
was poor, and Vaux’s third shot tore through the
fleshy part of his hand, just below the thumb.
Helmer, with both hands disabled, staggered to
his feet and attempted to run to the panel in the
wall.

  “Stay where you are!” shouted Vaux, “or my
next shot lands in your head!”

  Helmer knew better than to continue. He
turned round and faced Vaux, his hands dang-
ling helplessly at his sides.

  “Helmer,” said Vaux, advancing to the
sculptor and standing directly before him, “I nev-
er realized before what murderers you two could
THE MAN OF BRONZE	219

be. You would murder me as you killed those
two Secret Service men—”

  “I didn’t—I swear I didn’t!”

  “Don’t swear. Helmer—or Vollmer—you’re
a great sculptor. You deserve to be with the im-
mortals. I’d put you with them right now, if I
weren’t saving you for something else. You’re
too smart to remain among us mortals. Now
what I want to know is—where is that formu-
la?”

  Helmer remained silent.

  “Come on!” ordered Vaux, prodding him in
the stomach. “Speak up. I’ll count three.
One—”

  He did not finish. A pair of great brown
hands encircled his throat, like contracting iron
rings. Helmer, seeing Kroll coming behind
Vaux with his inaudible step, had played for
time.

A Killer Amuck!

THE American, caught between two fires, put
all his strength into one last effort. He
swung his pistol over and behind his own head.
He heard the heavy metal crash against Kroll’s
forehead. The giant grip relaxed, and Vaux
reeled round in time to fire over the shoulder of
the sinking scientist. His bullet caught one of
the ox-like workmen, who had run out at the
noise of the shooting, squarely between the eyes.

  Behind him he heard Helmer running for the
door. With one leap he was beside him. He
slipped his right arm under Helmer’s left, be-
tween the sculptor’s elbow and shoulder, and
suddenly caught the hand with his own left hand
and drew it down like lightning. There was a
sharp crack. Helmer screamed and collapsed,
his arm broken above the elbow in one of the
simplest of all the tricks in the deadly category
of Japanese wrestling.

  Vaux stood still a moment, marvelling at the
tremendous powers of Kroll, which had enabled
him to rise to his feet after a kick which would
have killed a lesser man. He had one thought in
mind; to get out, summon the police, and capture
the spies alive.

  He dashed for the panel. As he reached the
top step it opened. A tall figure—the butler—
stood framed in the rectangle of light; and be-
fore Vaux could discern who it was, friend or foe,
the newcomer’s fist caught him squarely on the
jaw, sending him reeling backward down the
stairs. Vaux pulled the trigger of his weapon.
The fifth shot brought the latest enemy crash-
ing to the concrete floor with a bullet through the
thigh. As the butler reached for his pistol, Vaux
fired again, and this tfme the man lay still and
did not move.

  Weakened by the loss of the blood which drip-
ped in a steady stream from his wounded ear,
Vaux felt his senses leaving him. He leaned
against the wall for a moment, so dazed he did
not see Kroll stir and roll over. His only thought
was to gain the street, to leap into his car, and
dash away from all this at a hundred miles an
hour. The reaction was setting in. He began
to imagine he was breasting the clean salt waves

of his beloved Pacific. The pain in his head be-
came greater. His blood dripped steadily.

  Then he came to himself with a start. He had
reckoned without the marvellous, the superhu-
man recuperative powers of Kroll. The huge
figure was flying at him, a raging giant; and be-
hind him rushed four more men of his own race,
bull-necked brutes marshalled behind their lead-
er, who was shouting to them in his own tongue.
Some hidden sub-cellar had discharged its full
complement of iron-muscled stupidity, subser-
vient to the will of the man with the better brain.

  His retreat cut off, Vaux dashed for the cen-
ter of the room. His throbbing brain gave him
the mad hope of picking off his attackers, one
by one. He wondered why Kroll did not have a
pistol. Then he crouched behind the immense
helix which supplied the terrific voltage to the
incredible vacuum tube he had witnessed in op-
eration, took careful aim at the advancing Kroll,
and fired.

  It was his last shot. It went wild. Vaux
pulled the trigger again and again. Then he
hurled his weapon at the men before the lead
wall. And then, as he reeled backwards, in a
daze, almost exhausted, he fell with the weight
of his body on his elbow; and the elbow rested on
the switch controlling the current for the vacuum
tube!

  There was an ear-splitting crash as a blinding
spark leaped across the spark gap. The huge
bulb filled with a bluish radiance. At the same
moment the sickening odor of burning flesh came
to his nostrils, mixed with the pungent aroma of
ozone. Before his astonished eyes a reeking
black hole appeared in the scientist’s imposing
forehead. Without a sound, Kroll sank to the
floor. Vaux swung the tube to right and left,
steeling himself against the tortured cries of the
giant’s comrades, who writhed to the floor and
lay still.

  Vaux brushed his hair back from his eyes and
looked around for another enemy. In his hands
he held the most terrible weapon yet devised by
man. But he saw only Helmer, who had come
to himself in intense pain, and who was groaning
feebly on the floor. Vaux shut off the current
and rested a moment. If anyone else appeared,
he would be prepared.

  Helmer tried to rise, but sank back. Paying
no attention to him, the elegant Freddie Vaux,
now a bloody, raging, disheveled, madman, ran
to Kroll’s little room and attempted to open the
door. With the cackling laugh of the lunatic he
dashed back to the tube, trained it on the door,
and pressed the switch. There was a blinding
flesh, the strong odor of burning wood, and the
door vanished, first buckling and warping off its
hinges. In the wall beyond the door appeared
a black orifice.

ONCE more he shut off the current. Then he
heard a noise in the studio above him. There
was the sound of a crashing door, and the tramp-
ing of heavy feet. “Come on, curse you!” he
shrieked, settling himself behind the tube.

Then he thought better of it, and, feeling sud-
denly weak, he sank to the floor, shaking his
(Contiued on Page 283)
The Mark of the Meteor

 By Ray Cummings

Illustrated by Paul

  He was suddenly aware of an object
close to him—slowly passing. He
twisted to view it. The body of a man!

         Three human beings isolated in the immensities of
         space — death from starvation and suffocation nears.
         Who will weaken first!

THE central glassite dome of the Comet was
rolled back. From where he stood, amid-
ships in the peak of the vessel’s superstructure,
Graham could see down past the main cabin roof
to the narrow side-deck where the passengers
were coming up the incline from the landing stage.
Beneath and beyond the stage lay the lights of
the great Martian city, the oval roofs and spires
and minarets of its buildings interspersed with
the giant mushroom growth of its trees. And
beyond the city the great canal-like gash, filled
now with the evening water-tide which placidly
mirrored the stars—a silver gash like a sword
slash across the rolling countryside.

  The moment of departure was at hand. Gra-
ham Trent was radio-helio operator of the Comet,
and at the moment he had no duties to occupy
him. The Comet’s twenty or thirty passengers
seemed all on board; the stage was lined with
waving friends. The Comet resounded with bells,
moving signal lights; the hum of the dynamos
beginning their first low throb. They would be
away presently, inward bound on the return voy-
age to the Earth.

  Graham’s attention was suddenly drawn to a
last arriving passenger. A woman shrouded in
the white street robe of a Shahn virgin. She
came hastily up the incline, a steward preceding
with her handbags. Though Graham leaned for-
ward curiously, he did not realize that his destiny
was at a cross-roads. It was too small a figure
for a Martian girl. As she reached the deck a
hooded tube-light fell by chance upon her face.
An Earthgirl. A face framed by dark curls.
Even at that distance it seemed to Graham that
her face was one of rare and extraordinary beauty.

  She had followed the steward toward her cab-
in and was lost to Graham’s view when yet an-
other belated passenger arrived. A Martian
man. He was some six feet in height—rather
undersized for a Martian. A man of perhaps
forty. Sleek, grey-green skin—a native of the
Ferrok province. He seemed an important per-
sonage. The stage-master deferentially ushered
him and his luggage aboard.

  Graham watched him idly. A Martian gentle-
man, perhaps a man of wealth. A sleek and
THE MARK OF THE METEOR

dapper fellow garbed now in Earthly evening
clothes in the fashion one might see in any nota-
ble gathering of Great New York. Yet to Gra-
ham, the men of Mars were always strange—
sinister figures.

  This late arrival was bareheaded. From the
peak of his forehead, his smooth black hair, shot
with wide white strands, went sleekly back to sug-
gest the mane of an animal. It fell long to the
base of his neck at the back and
at the sides it was brushed neat-
ly above his round gray-green
cars— He was lost in the group
of passengers on the deck.

  With the glassite dome closed
the Comet was presently ascend-
ing the Martian atmosphere.

The vessel was throbbing, hum-
ming, whining with the low
mingled sounds of its many
mechanisms. The pressure air
sang as it oscillated in the doub-
le shell of the hull; the electric
rocket-streams for this atmos-
pheric passage hissed as they
surged out like a tail beneath the
uptilted ship; the pressure
pumps throbbed rhythmically
filling the tanks in preparation
for the shifting of the gravity
plates—it was all a steady
blended hum of sound.

II.

Romance!

UT I think
you’re the
most beautiful
girl I’ve ever
seen,” Graham
said earnestly.

It was two days
later, with
Mars rapidly
merging into
the immeasure-
able skies.

  She laughed
softly. “That’s
nice of you.”

  It occurred to
Graham that
the compliment
sounded very
naieve. He had
not meant it so;
i t had burst
from him. Here on the narrow deck of the Comet,
with the Sun on the other side of him, there was
only the soft blended starlight on Alma’s face as
she sat in the deck chair beside him. An efful-
gence of Heavenly beauty.

  “But I mean," he laughed. “Don’t think me a
silly fellow. I’m not—at least I hope I’m not.
It’s easy enough to pay extravagant compli-
ments—■”

221

  “Oh,” she said demurely, “I hadn’t realized it
was so extravagant”

  He flushed. “I didn’t mean that. You know
I didn’t Look here, I’m trying to say just the op-
posite. You’re beautiful. More beautiful than
any girl of Earth, or Mars—and I’m telling you
so, though I hardly know you.”

  It was the third or fourth time they had talked
together. She had told him nothing of herself.

Her name was Alma Ranee, Gra-
ham had soon learned. The
Martian man who had come
aboard just after her was called
Set Kol. Was there anything
between them? So far though
Graham had not seen Alma
speak to Kol since the voyage
began, he was convinced that
they knew each other. He had
remarked the Martian’s tall sin-
ister figure promenading the
deck. It seemed that frequently
the man flung covert, leering
glances at this girl. He had
seen a shade of fright cross her
face at his approach. What
mystery could there be between
the two? Had she come aboard
that night, trying to escape from
him out of Ferrok-Shahn? Was
he following her now back to
Earth? Graham thought so.

 “I hardly
know you,”
Graham repeat-
ed. “I want to
know you —
really I do.”

  He felt sud-
denly swept by
emotion. The
dim deck
around them
seemed remote.
There was only
the starlight—
the black vault
of the Heavens,
strewn with
blazing gems,
and red Mars a
dwindling but
still gigantic
disc. It seemed
to Graham that
here in space,
detached from
all worlds, this girl and he were alone together;
their spirits clinging; it seemed as though after
ages of emptiness, they had found one another.

  And to her must have come something similar.
Her small white hand moved over and touched his.
Her fingers held his fingers. And between them
something flowed. A current. Imponderable.
Intangible. Something which marked unmistaka-
bly to them both the chemistry of love.

RAY CUMMINGS

 IF we grant that interplanetary travel will one day come
 and people will travel as blithely to Mars or Venus as
 we do now across our oceans, we can realize that the
 adventures encountered in such journey will be one of the
 most extraordinary kind. A wreck on an ocean liner for
 example means merely the taking to life boats, or the
 awaiting of rescue but a few hours away. But in empty
 space tens of millions of miles from the nearest world
 and possibly millions from any other ship, an interplane-
 tary wreck would be replete with occurrences of the most
 amazing nature.

   But man is always man—no matter if he is in a large
 city or adrift in interplanetary space. He will carry with
 him his old fears and prejudices and lusts. And if as
 might easily happen, three people are obliged to fight
 out their existence adrift in the emptiness of the heavens,
 he may easily give way in a violent fashion to these lusts
 —and provide as he does in this case by the master hand
 of Ray Cummings, the material for the most dramatic of
 stories!
222	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  “But I say—” Graham stammered.

  He saw the starlight mirrored in her eyes. Wan,
misty starlight.

  He stammered, “But I say—”

  A step sounded. A passenger wandered past
and stood at one of the window-portes nearby,
gazing at the glories of the firmament. His pro-
file half seen in the star-light resembled the Mar-
tian’s, and that sardonic smile, the smile of a man
content to wait— Alma said awkwardly,

  “I—really I must be going below. It’s very
late.”

  He stood beside her. “Good night—”

  “Good night,” she said, and left him.

III.

The Juggernaut!

“AUITE a sight, isn’t it?” said Graham. “This
     way, Alma.”

  She followed him along the metal catwalk. The
central domepeak spread over them. The black
firmament was a glory of blazing worlds through
the overhead windows. The Comet was five days
out from Mars. The planet hung like a great
reddish full-moon behind the ship’s stern. The
round disk of Sun was ahead—a fiery ball in the
blackness blazing with prismatic colors, its gigan-
tic streamers of flame mounting to make the bril-
liant corona.

  The network of ladders and bridges up here in
the ship’s mid-dome section was illumined by
mingled starlight and sunlight. The top of the
cabin superstructure spread some twenty feet be-
neath Graham and Alma. It was like being in
the rigging of an ancient surface ship.

  “Only my room and the Captain’s quarters up
here,” Graham was saying. They passed a trans-
verse glassite bulkhead; Graham slid an airport
door and they went through the opening.

  “You’re sure it is all right for me to come?”
the girl asked.

  “Of course,” he laughed. “I have Captain
Blake’s permission. He’s down on the forward
bridge now. No one up here. I’ll show you his
chart room—then my helio-room.”

  By the ship time it was early evening * of the
fifth night out from Mars. The strains of music
wafted up from the forward lounge. The pas-
sengers were in a gay mood. And Graham too
was very happy. The flush on Alma’s cheeks, the
sparkle in her eyes as she clung to him on the
narrow walk and gazed so interestedly. . . .

  “These are the Captain’s rooms,” he said. He
showed her the two small connecting rooms—
metal cubbies perched here like birds’ nests. A
chart room, and the Captain’s bedroom. They
glanced in.

  On a table by the Captain’s bed stood a glass of
milk and a small plate of sandwiches—his accus-
tomed meal before he retired—which a few mo-
ments before a steward had placed there. And
a carafe of drinking water was in a rack over the
bed.

  “And my cubby is along the bridge—this way.”

   •Early evening according to the ship’s reckoning.

  Twenty feet further, on the opposite side of the
catwalk hung Graham’s helio cubby. It was a
metal box-like room some ten feet square by six
feet high. Graham’s bunk was in a bulge of one
of its walls, with a portiere draped before it.

  “So this is where you work, Graham?”

  “Yes,” he said. “Sit down, Alma. I’ve a mes-
sage to send. I’ll show you.”

  The room was dim with starlight from its single
square side window. The radio sending equip-
ment and the rotary helio-mirrors, prisms and
light portes were ranged on an instrument table.
There was another small table, with messages on
files; and two small chairs.

  Alma sat down, gazing out of the window. Its
glassite pane was merged here with the dome.
There were two doors to the room, both of which
had transparent glassite panes. One gave direct-
ly onto a pressure chamber and then to open space
—an exit porte for use only to ventilate the room
when the ship was in the atmosphere or an emer-
gency exit into space. The other door, on the op-
posite side, was the one by which Graham and
Alma had just entered from the catwalk.
They left it open; the room was fairly hot.

  “Like my quarters?” said Graham. “You do
get a marvelous view. Don’t you think so ? And
it seems different—you’re more detached some-
how. Don’t you feel it?”

  An awkwardness was upon him. Having Alma
alone up here— He found himself trembling.
He drew up his chair beside her.

  “Alma, I didn’t bring you to watch me send a
message. I—there’s something I want to say to
you. I wanted to say it up here—really alone
with you. Up here alone—with the stars around
us."

  His hand touched hers; he could feel her tremb-
ling, emotion-swept like himself.

 “Graham—”

  As though it were fate always snatching them
apart, a vague moving shadow fell upon the star-
lit table before them.

  “Graham, look!”

  A shadow from the catwalk doorway. Graham
leaped up. At the door he was just in time to
see a man’s figure disappearing past the Captain’s
cabin.

  “What is it, Graham ?”

  “That damned Martian—that Kol—eavesdrop-
ping on us! Sit quiet, Alma! By Heaven—”

  He got no further. Beyond the network of
bridges the firmament was visible through the
ship’s bow dome-peak. Graham caught a glimpse
of a huge black shape out there; a great whirling
rock dashing through space. The sunlight and
starlight edged it, as in the blackness it suddenly
became visible—forbidding—menacing— It had
been a thousand miles away a minute before; but
now like a juggernaut it leaped toward them. A
derelict asteroid! There would be a collision!

 Graham turned. “Alma—” He was aware
that he had clutched her. He heard the doomed
Comet’s interior resounding with bells; the danger
siren starting its shriek. An instant of chaos.
The ship lurched upward, its rocket exhausts
working furiously! Too late! A blinding flash
THE MARK OF THE METEOR	223

of light enveloping everything. A smashing tear-
ing impact. The universe quivering, staggering.

  Graham’s senses slid into an abyss of soundless
blackness—

IV.

A Dead World!

WITH returning consciousness Graham found
himself not greatly hurt; he had been flung
to the floor of his cubby. Alma was there.
Dead? No, she moved; she opened her eyes.

 “Graham—”

  He knelt over her; raised her head. In a mo-
ment she was recovered.

“What happened, Graham? What was it?”

  In the blur of those next minutes Graham
moved about his room. Then he roved-the spider
bridges; went down one of the dangling ladders
a distance. What had happened was all to ob-
vious.

  Beneath his cubby the Comet lay wrecked and
broken. From the ladder he stared down at it
The forward dome-peak was bashed in. Every-
thing movable on the ship had been hurled into a
strewn litter. The side decks, as they showed
from where Graham stood, were piled at the for-
ward ends with hurled deck chairs. And bodies
were there. Lying motionless—stiffened in
death—

  The emergency glassite bulkheads were closed.
Graham drew a deep breath; he was shuddering.
There was air here in this upper dome section.
The automatic bulkhead slides had closed and
were holding it. But, save for this upper net-
work of ladders and bridges, Graham’s cubby
and the nearby Captain’s rooms, the ship was de-
void of air! A dead ship. It lay now, silent—
gruesome—

  Graham stood listening to it. None of the mech-
anisms were operating. A derelict in space, the
doomed Comet hung poised. A little broken world,
floating in the grip of all the myriad balanced
forces of the universe.

  The ship’s interior air-pressure had been main-
tained at some fifteen or sixteen pounds to the
square inch. The bow dome had cracked. In a
moment from every corner of the vessel, the air
had rushed out into the vacuum of space—the
cold had rushed in to fill everything. The bodies
down there on the deck not mangled; suffocated,
lying there stricken when the air left them—
frozen into horrible positions—

  And Graham knew that all over the ship it was
the same. In every public room, in the state-
rooms, the mechanism rooms—death everywhere.
With life only up here in the center dome. Of
all the ship’s passengers and crew, only he and
Alma remained alive.

  He went back and told her. And she stared
at him. The last thing which had been in both
their thoughts was a great desire to be alone to-
gether. Now, by strange fate, they were alone.
The only inhabitants of this broken little world,
drifting in the immensity of space.

Graham made his calculations. The air renew-

ers were not operating. But the air here would
last them for a week or more. Though there was
no food and no water here he was hopeful. One
may live weeks without food, and days without
water.

  “I can summon help,” he told the white-faced
girl. “There will be a patrol-ship somewhere
between here and Mars. Or I can raise Ferrok-
Shahn—I had them a few hours ago with the ra-
dio. In two days at the most, help will come to
us.”

  She watched him while in the starlit little cub-
by, with the silent dead ship beneath them, he sat
at his call-key. But the radio would not oper-
ate!

  They were marooned, alone—no, not quite alone.
Outside the cubby doorway they heard a sound.
A cry—or a groan. Then footsteps. From be-
ond the Captain’s quarters, along the catwalk
ridge, the figure of Kol the Martian came stag-
gering. He too had escaped death. There were
three of them up here to share this air, to strug-
gle for their lives together.

  He staggered into Graham’s cubby. His face
was green-grey with fear. He was uninjured.
But he knew as well as Graham, their situation,
and the terror of impending death was on him.

  “Can you get help, Trent? The radio—”

  “It isn’t working.”

  “Then the helio-senders—”

  “I was just getting ready to try them.”

  Kol was tremblingly eager to help. “It must
work, Trent. It must! Marooned here! To
die, slowly day by day suffocating here—Good
God—”

 Alma suddenly laughed. It was quavering,
half hysterical. Graham touched her.

  “Quiet, Alma. Don’t let yourself start—like
that. We’re all right. I’ll raise some patrol
ship.”

 “I—I just thought—the Captain’s midnight
lunch! A glass of milk and those sandwiches.
And a carafe of water. We have that much any-
way.”

  The helio was working! For an hour Graham
sat over the humming, whirling little mirrors,
sending his amplified oscillating lightbeam into
the darkness of space.

 Kol was so humble. So pathetically eager
for life.

 “It must—it must bring help, Trent.” He
bent over the operator hardly aware of Alma’s
existence.

  “Do your best, Trent. I am a rich man. Rich-
es are yours if you save me.”

  The instinct for life comes first. But the man’s
cowardice after his former proud attitude was
nauseating.

  “Let go of me,” Graham said irritably. “If you
want to help, let me alone. Keep your mouth
shut.” He shook off the Martian’s clutch. “Sit
over there out of the way.” This was no time for
the regard of social positions. Danger strips us
down to elementals.

  Kol moved aside like a frightened child— The
helio flashed the call of distress over and over
again. Would someone answer it?
224	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  Then suddenly the magnifiers picked up a res-
ponse.

  “I’ve got it!” shouted Graham. “It’s all right
—they see me.”

V.

Deadening Hours

THE signals had caught a patrol ship. Gra-
ham gave the Comet’s position at the time of
the accident. The patrol would come and find
them. It was some million miles away— There
was an interval of darkness, five minutes perhaps.
Then Graham caught a final message. He flung
off his switch; the helio current went dead. He
turned his tense white face to his companions,
but he was triumphant.

  “It’s all right now. They’ll be here in ten hours
or so. They’ve cut off—nothing more to say.
We’ve ample air—and with the Captain’s lunch
we won’t even be hungry.”

  Kol looked up. “You’re sure?”

  “Sure of what?”

  “Sure that everything is all right?”

“Yes, they’re positively coming. Don’t look so
frightened, Kol. You’re safe enough now.”
“You will need to send no more messages?”
“No. Nothing more to say. Besides, that
damned helio uses too much of our air. Smell
the chlorine?”

  He disconnected the main helio-wires, and stood
up. “Come on, you two, let’s go in and see the
Captain’s lunch. We’ll have to divide it up. Three
parts—”

  His arm went around Alma. He felt strangely
happy—life had come to them again. A few
hours more, and then rescue.

  “Come on, Kol. Nothing to worry over now.
We’re safe enough.”

 Graham stood holding Alma. And suddenly
Kol leaped upon them. His fist struck Graham
full in the face. Graham staggered and fell.
But he did not lose consciousness. He was aware
that the Martian was trying to drag Alma away
from the cubby. In the blurred starlight he
could see their struggling forms. He felt him-
self floundering, lurching to regain his feet. He
knocked over a chair. Kol and Alma were near
the door, but she resisted as he dragged her.

  And as Graham stood erect, with strength
flooding back to him, Alma wrenched herself
loose. She staggered and fell against Graham
as he leaped forward.

  “You all right, Alma?"

 “Yes! Yes!"

  Kol had disappeared through the doorway. A'
madness was on Graham. A lust to kill this un-
grateful wretch who became an enemy instantly
his safety was assured.

 But Alma clung. “No! Graham, no! Not
murder—”

 She held him just a moment too long. It
flashed to Graham that Kol had run toward the
Captain’s rooms. And in the chart-room was the
Captain’s arsenal of weapons hanging in a rack
on the wall.

  “Alma, let me go!”

  He tore from her. But on the bridge outside
the helio room he was halted. A bullet sang by
him and flattened itself against the heavy metal
wall plate of the cubby. Then another. The two
reports reverberated through the dome-space; and
in the doorway of the chart room he saw the
crouching figure of Kol, with leveled rifle.

  “Alma, get backP’

  Graham turned. Another bullet thudded near
him, as he jumped back into the cubby. From
the chart room, rifle in hand, Kol was advancing
along the catwalk.

  Graham slid the heavy door closed, and barred
it. Kol came up. They could see him through
the glassite pane. He was wary at first, and
then deciding that Graham was unarmed, he came
boldly and tugged at the door. Found that it
would not yield. Thumped upon it. And his
voice floated dimly in on them.

  "Open the door, you fool! You’ll smother in
there.”

  Graham did not answer. He stood with his
arm around Alma, holding her close as she hud-
dled tremblingly against him.

  “Don’t be frightened, Alma. He can’t get in.
Nor fire through the door, nor the walls. They’re
too thick.”

  It was true enough. But Graham was cold
with realization nevertheless. The tiny cubby
was bullet-proof. But it was air-proof also. On-
ly a few cubic feet of air were in here, and with
the door closed already it was air fouled by the
helio’s chlorine fumes. It could never last until
the patrol ship came.

  Hours had passed—long torturing hours, as the
fouling air made each breath a gasp of pain.
Their heads felt swelled—distended, and they had
to reassure each other they were not floating
through empty space.

  How could they last until the patrol came.

  “We can’t stay here,” Graham would say over
and over. “This is death—”

  Their ears were roaring with the diluted chlor-
ine fumes and the poisonous carbon-dioxide; the
precious oxygen every moment was lessening as
their lungs took it in; used it.

VI.

A Desperate Move

OUTSIDE on the catwalk the Martian still
lurked, rifle in hand. His only desire was to
murder Graham before the rescue ship arrived.
And Graham now knew why; Alma had swiftly
told him hours ago with a rush of half-coherent
words. The characteristic, murderous jealousy
of a Martian thwarted. He had met Alma in
Ferrok-Shahn. He was a professional collector
of beauties, this rich Martian. His harem was
famous in the city. He had wanted to add the
beautiful Earthgirl to it. Repulsed, he had flown
into an insane jealous rage and threatened her
life. When she tried to escape, he had followed
her to the Comet and embarked with her. So that
THE MARK OF THE METEOR	225

was it. Now the Martian was persistent—like a
wolf.

  A dozen times he had pounded on the door in
the interplanetary code the message, “Hand over
the girl and you can come out. Don’t be a fool!”
At first Graham had flown into a rage and had
all but opened the door to face the armed Mar-
tian. But he had laughed scornfully and had
been content to reply, “When Hell freezes!”

  But the Martian had persisted. Each half
hour as the air in the helio-room became more
and more poisoned, the Martian watching their
paling faces had repeated with the diabolical un-
varying signal, “Hand over the girl—don’t be a
fool!”

  Graham’s rage had given way to laughter then
a growing despondency. The signals began to
appear as sounds coming from another world—
incredibly remote—

  Then a desire for life would well up in him,
and even as his arm tightened about Alma, some-
thing in him whispered, “Why die—why not hand
her over—I’m young—” But a wave of revulsion
for his weakness followed and he would get up
to stamp about the room like a caged beast.

 Knock—knock, knock—knock—That signal
again—“Hand over the girl—” It was luck Alma
couldn’t understand it— But he must do some-
thing—he would go mad—

  “I’m going out,” said Graham crazily. “We
can’t stay here.”

  She clung to him. “Out! No, Graham dearl
He’ll kill you.”

  “Not out there, Alma. Out into space!”
  “Space! But Graham—”

  “I have a pressure suit. Wait, I’ll show you.
I should have tried it before. Alma, you won’t
be afraid to stay alone? I must—I must leave
you.” He told her swiftly.

  “I think I can get around outside the ship. In-
to the pressure porte behind the Captain’s cabin.
If I can get in there—get another rifle—”

  But Kol could see them now through the door-
pane. He would be forewarned— Graham took
a sheet from his bed. He and Alma draped it
over the door; and Kol watched them with a sar-
donic grin.

  “Good!” muttered Graham. “He misunder-
stands us. Alma, listen—after I’ve gone you pull
aside a corner of this sheet. Cautiously! Make
sure he is out there. If he starts away, shout
at him. Talk to him. Keep him occupied. And
talk to me, Alma! Talk loudly to me, as though
I were here with you in this room. Will you—
can you do that?”

  “Yes! Yes, Graham.”

  “Your air here will be worse. I’ll have to use
some of it getting out.” He held her for an in-
stant. “Alma—I’lll do my best. It’s the only
way—”

  The pressure suit covered him from neck to the
soles of his feet, like the suit of an ancient sea-
diver. Its flexible material was double shelled,
and between the shells, was an electrified vac-
uum. Graham flashed on the oscillatory current.
The suit bloated, puffed into a monstrous sem-
blance of human form.

  “Now, my helmet, Alma. You’re not too afraid
to be left alone?”

  She smiled bravely at him. “Do your best,
Graham. Come back to me safely!”

  Alone in Space! The thought of it set Gra-
ham trembling. He had never done it! No one
had ever done it save in a case of desperate neces-
sity— Alma helped him screw the goggling hel-
met to the metal collar of his suit. On his back
and at his belt the air-renewal boxes and the bat-
teries of the suit’s pressure-resisting current
stuck out as monstrous lumps.

  Through his visor-pane he saw Alma smiling at
him. Her lips framed, “Goodbye.”

  The door to the pressure porte slid open. The
porte was a tiny metal room barely large enough
for him to squeeze into. He wedged in, and the
door slid closed after him. The air here was
normal at one atmosphere of pressure. He had
taken this much of Alma’s precious air to fill it.
With his gloved fingers he now felt for the porte’s
mechanisms— The pumps were working! A
thrill of fear rushed at him that they would not
operate, but they did.

  A moment or two. By the room’s dial-indicator,
Graham saw the air-pressure lowering. He
could feel the outward, explosive tugging of his
suit until his own regulators met and resisted it.

 A moment. Then, with the air in the tiny
porte almost exhausted, Graham slid the outer
panel. The great void of star-filled abyss yawned
beside him. The last little air in the porte went
out with a rush, dissipating into Space.

  Graham crouched at the brink. A million mil-
lion miles of emptiness was beneath him. Great
blazing worlds down there in the black darkness.
Graham poised, with an unconquerable thrill of
fear surging—

  And then he hitched himself forward; straight-
ened at the threshold and with careful calcula-
tion dove head first into the void!

VII.

In Space!

AND he did not fall! Graham knew he would
not, yet every instinct within him was shud-
dering. For a moment his senses reeled into
chaos. Then they steadied. The firmament had
swung. All the great shining star-points had
shifted; oscillated; but in a moment they stop-
ped; hung motionless.

  Graham found himself floating. His forward
dive, as he had calculated, flung him slowly out
from the Comet. He had moved perhaps two hun-
dred feet, sluggishly retarding—like a log shoved
into a lake of placid water.

  He had now come to rest. He lay in the void.
Weightless. Helpless to move, save that he could
futilely kick and twist. A world in himself! He
was no longer the inhabitant of a planet; nor the
inhabitant of a Space-ship. Himself a world,
floating here with all the myriad forces of Celes-
tial Mechanics acting upon him—

  Graham twisted and saw, behind him two hun-
dred feet away, the wrecked broken side of the
226	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Comet. The ship lay as though cradled in water.
A vague pang shot past him. He had loved this
ship. It had throbbed beneath him for so many
hours, so many voyages. It lay now wrecked;
dying. Unbreathing, save up there in the one
bulkhead area which encompassed his own tiny
cubby where Alma was imprisoned; the catwalk
where Kol the Martian lurked; and the Captain's
quarters.

  Graham’s gaze went to the bow. It was mang-
led. The dome was bashed in where the asteroid
had struck it a crushing blow. A great hole was
there out of which had rushed all the precious
air of the ship.

  The side-deck porte-windows had held intact.
The side and stern, as viewed from Graham’s posi-
tion now seemed almost as though the ship were
unhurt and upon her course.

  Relative to Graham, the Comet was not moving.
It hung there with the great star-field behind and
around it. Yet he knew that it was falling. The
forces of every remote star of the Universe blend-
ed here now upon it had determined some move-
ment. It was following some path; moving,
somewhere—

  Graham for that moment had been so absorbed
he had forgotten himself. He was suddenly aware
of an object passing close to him—slowly passing.
He twisted to view it. Gruesome horror! The
body of a man! One of the ship’s crew, flung out
here with the outrushing air through the break
in the bow at the time of the collision. The body
floated quietly past. It was twisted; huddled.
He saw for an instant, its face. Gruesomely bloat-
ed; crimson-skinned where the blood had welled
out through the pores—

  The body went calmly by, down the length of
the Comet in a circular path, and around the ship’s
end. It was a satellite now! Doomed forever
to encircle the greater mass of the ship. And it
had acquired a slow axial rotation of its own,
turning end over end—

  Graham was for a moment almost motionless.
Soon, he knew, he would pick up some movement
relative to the Comet. Himself a little world, ac-
quiring now its orbit. He had calculated his dive.
He could not see the captain’s cabin nor the cat-
walk from here, nor could the Martian see him—
He found presently that he was lagging behind
the ship as it fell. He began floating toward the
stern, and moving slightly inward upon what
seemed a narrow ellipse—

  It was what he wanted. If he had not chanced
that, like the gruesome body, he too would have
become a satellite. He was not quite helpless of
movement. The pressure suit had a tiny rocket
wavestream. It would endow him with motion,
though when used, its slight charge would be soon
exhausted.

  Graham used it sparingly now. The natural
orbit took him elliptically around the Comet’s
stern. He watched his opportunity, and shot
from his shoulder-pouch the tiny blue-white vib-
ratory beam. Its thrust was slight, but enough.
He found himself moving inward; the Comet
seemed coming toward him. And then, with its
nearness, his newly acquired orbit was broken.

The ship’s side pulled him with a swift accelera-
tion—

  He was turning end over end; the ship now
above him, now beneath— A moment or two.
Dizzying; confused. He was aware that he
glimpsed the catwalk in the dome-peak, with the
figure of Kol standing there. Had the Martian
seen him? Graham could only hope not. Or, if
so, his floating body, briefly seen, could be mis-
taken for those other bloated figures—

VIII.

In Hiding!

GRAHAM was aware of the Comet’s side beneath
him, and he was falling upon it— He saw
it rushing up at him. There was an impact,
broken by his metal suit. He struck against one
of the deck’s glassite window portes, slowly
bounded away a few feet and then dropped back.
This time he clung. Almost weightless; but he
found that by holding to the outer protuberances
of the ship’s sides he could maintain his position.

  He gained his feet. He was standing now on
the side windowpane, his body sticking straight
from it like a fly. He was standing upright and
the wrecked ship lay on its side beneath him—
He stooped and gazed down through the window.
The deck-passage was a litter of wreckage. He
could see the torn and broken doors of the super-
structure’s public rooms; the shattered panes of
the interior cabin-windows. A myriad separate
explosions and implosions had occurred in every
portion of the ship with that first sudden rush of
unequal pressures. He saw the strewn human
bodies, lying where they had been stricken when
the air left them— A woman clinging to a little
girl lay in the Salon doorway where they had stag-
gered gasping for air and had been suddenly over-
come.

  Graham started carefully walking. He had to
turn away frequently at the sight of the lifeless
figures— He was now not more than twenty feet
from the upper pressure porte, which gave access
to the chart room adjoining the Captain’s cabin
He knew every foot of the ship, inside and out.
The little superstructure containing the Captain’s
rooms was between him and the catwalk. Kol
would not see him—unless he had seen him al-
ready . . . Graham reached the side of the
chart room. The upper dome, still intact, bulged
out under him. Alma was down in here . . .

  Graham suddenly realized that all this had oc-
cupied at least a half hour. Or more? He
prayer that it had been no more. The air in his
cubby must be horribly fouled by now. He must
hurry ... Had Alma been able to hold out?
Would he find her unconscious? Dead perhaps?
Or, at the last, had her instinct for life been too
great—had she opened the door for the Martian?

  Graham’s bloated gloved fingers trembled at the
thought as he stooped for the outer control but-
ton of the chart room emergency porte. The
panel slid aside. The half-exhausted air of the
pressure-lock came up with a puff of wind. Gra-
ham saw, down in the darkness of the small room,
THE MARK OF THE METEOR	227

the automatic inner door to the chart-room slide
closed. He stood a moment to get his balance
and then dropped into the lock chamber and
closed its outer door after him.

  Normality returned at once. He landed up the
side wall of the room; but the interior gravity of
the Comet—maintained to simulate the gravity of
Earth—immediately claimed him. He fell into
a tumbled heap upon the floor. It seemed, in-
stantly that the ship had righted herself and lay
now upon an even keel . . .

 There were a few moments while Graham lay
in darkness, listening to the hiss of the air as it
came in to fill the lock-chamber. Then the pres-
sure was normal. Graham moved to the inner
slide. In a moment he would be in the chart-
room. He would seize a rifle; meet Kol on equal
terms outside on the catwalk—

  Some instinct of caution made Graham keep
on his helmet, and maintain the air circulation
within his pressure suit. He pulled the inner
door lever; and as the panel slid aside, he drew
suddenly back from the opening. Fortuitous cau-
tion ! The figure of Kol with leveled rifle crouch-
ed in the chart-room. The rifle spat flame; the
bullet missed Graham and thudded against the
further metal wall of the lock.

  Graham crouched motionless in the blackness.
He was helpless here; but he believed that Kol
had not seen him; had only fired assuming he
would be in the opening when the panel slid aside.
A moment passed. The Martian crept slowly
forward. The chart-room was very dim, but Gra-
ham could see the blur of his figure. Kol pre-
sently thrust the rifle muzzle over the threshold,
pointing it sidewise to command the lock’s inter-
ior.

  The muzzle, just for an instant, wavered past
Graham’s shoulder. He seized it; jerked at it.
The spurt of its shot flashed past his visor . . .
Impelled by the jerk, Kol came over the threshold
and Graham seized him.

  At once they were struggling. The rifle fell
unheeded between them. They swayed, locked to-
gether, the Martian seemingly small in Graham’s
huge bloated grip. But the suit was hampering
and Kol had the swift sure movements of a cat.
In the narrow confines of the tiny pressure porte
Graham staggered to the wall and rebounded.
Kol was stooping for the rifle but again Graham
was upon him.

  Through the visor pane of his huge heavy hel-
met Graham could see almost nothing. He felt
the Martian tearing at him, trying to rip his suit,
shoving him away from where Graham realized
that the rifle was lying . . .

THE

   They came, swaying upon their feet, locked to-
 gether, with a thud against the wall. Kol’s back
 was to it, with Graham pressing against him. A
 little shaft of light from the chart-room door
 struck upon the Martian’s grey-green face. It
 was set with a leer.

   And the shaft of light showed that for that in-
 stant, Kol’s head was touching the metal wall of
 the lock . . . Graham stooped and with a des-
 perate jerk of his neck struck his heavy helmet
 against the Martian’s face. Through the audi-
 phone contact Graham heard the man’s queer
 split screem. For an instant he went limp.

   Then he revived; was fighting again. But now
 Graham had him over by the outer pressure porte.
 It was closed; but with a free hand, Graham
 seized the lever. The panel slid open; the auto-
 matic chart-room door banged closed.

   The air in the lock went out with a tumultuous
 rush. At the outer threshold Graham stood cling-
 ing, with Kol gripping him. But the Martian’s
 hold in an instant broke away. His air was gone;
 he was choking. There was a faint gasp from his
 lips. Graham cast him loose, and the rush of
 pressure took him like a wind-blown feather. His
 body blew out into the void . . .

   At the threshold Graham gazed into the starry
 abyss. Kol’s body sailed slowly out, stiff as iron.
 And by chance that other man’s body came float-
 ing calmly past. Kol collided with it and the
 two bodies, embraced in death, wavered, found
 their new orbit, and gruesomely locked together
 moved slowly on . . .

* * *

   Graham renewed the lock-air; went through the
 chart-room; discarded his helmet and suit. White-
 faced and shuddering he pounded at the helio-
 room door.

  “Alma! Alma, are you alive? It’s Graham!
Let me in!”

  A horrible moment of silence.

   Then the door slid. She lay on the floor gasp-
 ing. But the rush of pure air revived her.

  “Alma—”

  “Graham—you—you came at last—”

   They presently stood together at a window near
 the end of the catwalk gazing at the blazing
 stars . . . The locked bodies went slowly, inex-
 orably, past . . .

  “Don’t look, Alma! Don’t— But here, look
off this way! Alma—the patrol ship! It’s com-
ing! See the lights?”

   Against the blackness of Space and the great
 blazing stars, a tiny line of colored lights was
 swiftly advancing . . .

END

Another thrilling story by
Ray Cummings
“THE GREAT TRANSFORMATION”

appears in the February, 1931 Issue of Wonder Stories—on sale Jan. 1, 1931.
Pithecanthropus Island

ALL day long, since early morn, with but a
brief stop the night before, the three aviators
had been winging their way over the turquoise
blue waters of the Pacific, weary yet happy over
their success so far; the steady symphony of the
mighty engines sweet music to their almost deaf-
ened ears.

  And now the inky blackness of night embraced

them in its blind bosom. Still they drove on and
on, their metal bird roaring along at nearly a
hundred miles an hour toward their goal in dis-
tant Australia.

  The first faint streaks of the dawn cheered
them on their great transoceanic adventure—the
spanning of the mighty Pacific from the Golden
Gate to Sydney. Then in the distance threaten-

by I. R. Nathanson

Illustrated by Marchioni
PITHECANTHROPUS ISLAND

jng storm clouds appeared and rapidly drew
near. They could see the rain curtains of the
storm swiftly approaching over the billowing wa-
ters, and soon they were enveloped in a blind
world of fiercely lashing rain and buffeting
wind.

  “We are in for a bad one,” penciled Captain
Howard Franklin, pilot and commander of the
giant plane, The Golden Gale, to the other two fliers,
his bosom friends and co-venturers. “We must
try and skirt the storm area if we can, or rise
above it.”

  Ten thousand feet up, and still they were in
the clutches of the fiercest storm in their exper-
ience. In vain they battled to this side and that,

229

  Presently through the jungle came the clear
eound of the bell. The apes, every one, stopped
in their tracks to listen intently.

up and down, ever seeking an escape from the
battering wind and the swirling rain which now
smote them with all the seeming force of a solid
waterfall. In vain they sought to escape by des-
cending almost within striking distance of the
tempestuous waves of the angry ocean below,
only to rise and struggle desperately up and
away from the deadly danger. The storm area
must have been of immense extent and height.
Finally they gave themselves up to the merciless
elements in a fierce endeavor to struggle ahead,
trusting to the power of their great mechanical
bird to pull them through. They were still more
than a thousand miles from Australia.

  For long anxious hours they battled on, soaked
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

 230

to the skin and miserable from the piercing cold.
The Golden Gale was pounded and twisted and of-
ten turned away from its course. They were
flying totally blind through a swirling darkness,
split by frightful flashes of lightning. At times
the combined strength of Captain Franklin and
his co-pilot and navigator, Ray Dunlap, was
hardly equal to holding the wheel, the great
plane all but slipping from their
control. And then the earth-
inductor compass went out of
action, with only the steering
compasses to guide them, add-
ing greatly to their difficulties.

  “Will the storm never cease!”
spoke Captain Franklin aloud,
the fierce wind tearing the
words from his teeth without a
sound.

  Suddenly to their frightened
senses came an ominous sound.

One of the motors coughed and
spluttered, picked up again re-
assuringly, and then went dead
altogether.

   “Sound the ‘S.O.S’ Dick,” sig-
nalled the commander grimly to
Williams the radio operator.

  “Generator out of commis-
sion," he replied. “Cannot raise
a sound.”

  With blanched faces they tore
on at a greatly reduced speed,
their two re-
maining motors
still going, al-
though it be-
came increas-
ingly difficult
to maintain al-
titude, what
with the vast
downpour and
raking wind.

The drift indi-
cator showed
that they were
being blown far
out o f their
course.

Anxiously
they peered
through the
swirling gloom
for a possible
sign of land,
hoping against
hope. They
were now com-
pletely lost and far, far from any of the known
island of the South Pacific.

  And then another dread sound occurred—the
starboard motor, too, began to miss.

  “Looks like taps for us,” communicated Dun-
lap, “unless we can land somewhere real soon.”

  A number of times the dark promontories and
cliffs of the storm fooled them; they imagined

they saw real land. The storm was gradually
diminishing, and to their great joy there appear-
ed the dark shape of land not far away—or was
it land? The stuttering motor was threatening
to die out at any moment.

   The fury of the storm had by now abated, and
they could make out the ghostly outlines of some
large island, whose wooded shores stretched
away to a great distance. They
had lost their direction entirely
and were at a loss to make out
their whereabouts; but land
they must regardless, for at any
moment they were in danger of
a watery grave in the storm-
tossed waters beneath them.

   Reaching the island they flew
over an unbroken forest for
many miles, looking for a safe
place to land. Spying a break
in the green forest top, Captain
Franklin headed for it and ef-
fected a landing on a level sandy
beach alongside a narrow river.

Half-Seen Danger!

UIT7HEW, that was a narrow
VV escape!” he exclaimed.
“Praise God,” agreed Dick
Williams, although he could
scarcely hear what the other
said. “That was as near to
‘Davey Jones’
Locker’ as ever
I care to be.”
Shortly after,
the hurricane,
which had been
rapidly dimin-
ishing, came to
a n end, and
they were able
to make out
their immed-
iate surround-
ings. They
found them-
selves on a
rock- strewn
level of a river
valley. On one
side, to their
right, the nar-
row river, clear
and deep,
moved swiftly
north, a thick,
and impenetra-
ble jungle on its far side reaching clear down to
the low banks. On the other side, to their left,
about a hundred feet or more from the river’s
edge, high bluffs rose precipitously, hiding the
landscape beyond behind their frowning crests,
although the edge of a thick forest growth was
visible on top.

The narrow, sandy valley formed between the

L R. NATHANSON

 MAN, to some people, is a fallen angel; and to others
 he is merely a superior type of ape—able to read,
 write, think and have sentiments. Perhaps he is a
 bit of both; but certainly we have never escaped com-
 pletely from our ape ancestry.

       Our instincts of idle curiosity; our superstitions, our
 terrible fear of the elements; many of our customs are
 all remnants of our past that we have carried with us up
 the ladder of civilization. In the present story our auth-
 or shows us vividly how our understanding of the nature
 of our ancestors may well prove invaluable to us in a
 tight place.

      But what our author brings out principally in this
 exciting story is the great gap of suspicion and prejudice
 that separates the various forms of life. Since we hu-
 mans have acquired something of a control over nature
 we are not always concerned with the struggle for exis-
 tence and we do not immediately view other beings in-
 stinctively as foes. But there is no doubt that to our ape
 ancestors a strange form of life became immediately an
 enemy—and a meeting of the two meant the extinction
 of one or the other; and it meant also a corking story.
PITHECANTHROPUS ISLAND	231

bluffs and river was visible for some few hun-
dred yards north and south, following the river
bends out of sight a short distance beyond. There
was just about room enough for a take-off
straight on ahead, where there was a break in
the cliffs around the bend.

  All that day they toiled in the steaming hot at-
mosphere, plagued by hosts of crawling and fly-
ing insects, the sun a glaring furnace. Occa-
sionally they were startled by the strange noises
of wild beasts moving through the jungle on the
opposite side of the river. A number of times
they were interrupted in their work by the sud-
den appearance of some huge ungainly creatures
strangely elephantine in shape, who crashed
through to the river’s edge to drink; these stop-
ped and hesitated a moment upon seeing the
men, then evidently deciding they were of no ac-
count proceeded to drink, the while their wicked
little eyes took them in.

  And once a troup of about a dozen of these
odd-looking elephants appeared around the bend
coming toward them on their side of the river;
and after stopping to drink and flounder about
in the water at some distance from them, re-
turned whence they came, to the aviators’ relief.

  “These are not elephants,” Ray Dunlap, great-
ly excited, exclaimed in a low tone to the other
two. He was formerly a professional paleon-
tologist and assistant professor of comparative
anatomy, who had forsaken his original calling
a few years before in exchange for the lure of
adventure in the air. His old-time professional
interest went suddenly on fire at this apparition
in the living bone and flesh of a supposedly ex-
tinct form of life. “If they are not mammoths,
then I know nothing of comparative anatomy.”

  “Mammoths!” the others exclaimed in uni-
son. “Mammoths? ...”

  “Unquestionably,” he replied. “You have
looked upon a survival of the southern mam-
moth, Archidiskodon Imperalor.”

  All three wondered in amazement.

  They experienced several other unpleasant in-
trusions when the clumsy hulk of some gigantic
rhinoceros drew close to them, eyed them suspi-
ciously and after taking a drink moved off. At
such times their hearts were in their mouths, for
they knew of the ugly temper of these beasts;
and feared a sudden, unexpected charge, in spite
of the rifles they had with them, might well
wreck their precious airplane and leave them
marooned on this wild and unknown island.

  Not until the end of the day was deepening
into the mysterious gloom of the forbidding jun-
gle was their work completed. By that time the
dusk was made hideous by the fearful sounds of
unknown beasts of prey. The daring aviators,
although inured to the greatest dangers in the
air, were somewhat unnerved by being thus sud-
denly thrown into the midst of such primeval sur-
roundings.

  As the gloom thickened, furtive shapes ap-
peared and vanished in the jungle opposite,
around the river bends, and even peered down
at them from the bluffs above; huge shapes,
small shapes, all indistinct in the greying twi-

light—twin coals of fire stabbing at them
through the darkness.

  Twenty some feet up on the high rocky bluff
nearest them, was visible a wide ledge overhung
by a huge jutting cliff. Ray Dunlap suggested
spending the night up on that ledge; but Captain
Franklin was in favor of remaining for the night
in the cabin of the plane.

  “I don’t intend to leave my machine to the
tender mercies of some of these beasts,” he said.

  “But this would be taking an unnecessary
risk,” Ray Dunlap objected. “I believe we can
protect the plane as well as ourselves better from
the bluff. Why not spend the night in the safety
of the ledge up yonder, where we can keep an
eye on the plane; and if any prowling beasts
come too near for good, scare them off with a
shot or two. And in the morning we can be on
our way.”

  Acting upon his suggestion, a survey revealed
—after considerable difficulty, as the sides of the
bluff was almost vertical—that the ledge under
the overhanging cliff formed a sort of open cave,
safe from dangerous beasts above and easy to
protect from those below, the while a close guard
could be kept on the plane.

  So taking their arms and some other equip-
ment with them, the three aviators clambered to
the ledge. They were very tired; and making
themselves as comfortable as they could, with
one eye and ear cocked for any untoward sight
or sound from man or beast, they fell asleep.

  With the first break of morning, the sky a deep
clear blue free of any signs of storm, the three
friends jumped up from their rocky beds, eager
to be on their way. As they looked over the
ledge, imagine their astonishment to discover that
the Golden Gate was nowhere to be seen!

OOD God!” Captain Franklin ejaculated.

  \J “What could have became of our airplane!
Somebody must have taken it while we slept!”

  Stunned and puzzled they looked anxiously up
and down the narrow valley, half expecting to
see it, half expecting and fearful of an attack by
some savage tribe of wild men. Their fingers
tightened on their rifles.

  “But who in the heck could have carted it
away?” Dunlap spoke excitedly. “Surely no-
body could have flown it away, or we should have
heard the motors. And anyhow I never heard a
sound; it does not seem possible we three slept so
soundly.”

  And beyond the hideous noises of the jungle
beasts which had kept all three from sound sleep
most of the night until well toward morning,
neither one had heard a sound to indicate that
anything was wrong below their perch—or had
they fallen soundly asleep asleep for a while just
before they woke? . . .

  “It was sure lucky for us we stayed up here
during the night,” remarked Dick Williams.

  Captain Franklin set his jaw determinedly.
“We simply must recover our plane,” he spoke
emphatically. “I don’t care who did it—they’re
not going to get away with it without a fight from
me. Let’s get down and investigate; they can-
not have toted it far.”
232	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  With that the three men carefully clambered
down. Plain as a sign post the wheel and tail
marks of the plane led north up the valley. With
the greatest caution, yet determined to recover
their stolen machine at any cost, they followed
the tell-tale marks, eyes and ears alert, weapons
in hand; stopping now and then to peer carefully
about them. Each was armed with a repeating
rifle, two of which were of heavy bore; also each
carried an automatic revolver.

  “Who could have taken that plane?” they kept
repeating over and over to themselves and to
each other. No civilized men would have done
that. There could be no reasonable doubt that
a race of savages lurked near—perhaps of can-
nibalistic tendencies.

  As they neared the upper river bend, the
marks of the dragged plane swept around with
the bend to the right. Straightening out, the
tracks led up the narrow valley, the river on their
right becoming choppy and foamy from many
jutting rocks; while on their left the cliffs were
getting lower and lower.

  A quarter of a mile further on, the river bent
to the right again, almost looping back on itself.
As they reached the middle of the bend the bluffs
on their left flattened out and gave way to the
angled forest edge. A little farther on they
came to a wide break in the forest, forming a
sort of twisting jungle avenue; and straight into
this the tracks of their plane turned in.

  Here they paused. To enter boldly into the
mouth of the forbidding opening, with the gloomy
jungle on either side hemming it in, the broad
avenue-like way swallowed up a short distance
within the fastnesses of the jungle, was enough
to make the stoutest hearts pause and take heed.
An ambush perhaps? . . .

  "What a sweet place for innocents to poke
into,” Dick whispered, his perennial good humor
showing itself even in the face of this great dan-
ger. “Those pesky savages can sure think up a
lovely slaughtering place.”

  After some hesitation they decided to follow
the trail wherever it led. Wearily they entered
the forbidding opening into the jungle and pro-
gressed along. The way was padded down by
innumerable passing feet.

  “Our fight through the storm was a featherbed
compared to this,” further remarked the voluble
Dick.

  “Not so loud,” cautioned Captain Franklin
somewhat irritably, “or you may find a perman-
ent featherbed on the mossy jungle ground.”

  “Gives one the creeps just the same. Fine
mess.” A minute or two of silence, and his urge
to speak reasserted itself. “Holy jimminy—if
mother knew I was here!”

  “Oh, shut up, will you,” this time from Dun-
lap. “Cheer up; maybe tomorrow by this time
you’ll be stewing in some nice big pot—or soon-
er.”

  “Think they’ll have a pot big enough for the
two of us?” the irrepressible young fellow ans-
wered, the present great danger seeming not to
effect him in the least bit.

•	"No!” came the sharp retort; “only big enough
for one—you’re too fat; I am too skinny.”

  “Then I hope you give them the indigestion,”
and Dick grinned. The others could hardly re-
press a smile.

CHAPTER II

Pithecanthropus Attacks!

A SLIGHT noise in the nearby bush made them
silent and alert. What was that? Cau-
tiously they crept along. They had by now
pierced inside the jungle avenue for a distance
of about three hundred yards. The trail here
curved to the left.

  “Look what’s here,” exclaimed Dunlap. Sim-
ultaneously all three noticed a number of articles
belonging to them scattered along the trail; a
helmet, a glove, a few tools; and farther on the
scattered contents of Captain Franklin’s suit
case; a pair of trousers, his traveling alarm clock,
a tooth brush and other articles. The suit case
was torn to pieces.

  As they came around the twisting curve, they
were startled into immobility by a strange, heart-
stopping creature which had suddenly stepped
out of the bush and stood staring at them with
fascinated wonder in its eyes.

  The three men and the strange creature stood
facing each other for a few moments, one a sur-
prised as the other; astonishment and suspicious
hostility written all over its bestial features.

  And well might the three venturers have been
surprised and shocked at the sight. For the
thing standing there a short distance in front of
them, one foot poised in the very act of move-
ment, was unlike anything they had ever seen.
It was grotesquely manlike in appearance, yet
not man; ape-like in features, yet not quite ape.
It stood quite straight and erect on muscular legs,
the full height of an average man; but its face
was hardly that of a man, its heavy jowl and
great protruding jaw covered with a stubby
beard.

  Tremendously prominent bony eyebrow ridges
arched over deep-sunken eyes that glared fierce-
ly at the intruders. Down his almost flattened
forehead, a mane of brownish hair reached to the
very brow-ridges, giving the creature a most fero-
cious aspect. The large head, thrown somewhat
forward from a thick neck, set on an enormously
powerful body; bulging knotted muscles on the
back and shoulders and long arms revealing tre-
mendous strength. The creature was very hairy,
although parts of his face and body showed a
smooth brownish skin beneath a sparser cover-
ing of hair.

  In one hand, huge and talon-like, the man-ape,
or ape-man, or whatever it was, carried a mas-
sive club with a large stone tied to the end. In
his other hand he gripped a large sharp-edged
rock. Around his waist a strip of skin, belt-like,
held in place another sharp stony instrument of
some kind.

  For a long time the three men stood silently
facing the strange being who was so shockingly
like a man, yet not quite a man. Then quickly,
with a low guttural sound that seemed to rumble
from its throat, bringing answering sounds from
PITHECANTHROPUS ISLAND	233

nearby, it stepped back and slipped out of sight
in the thick jungle.

  “Pithecanthropus erectus* or I miss my guess,”
Ray Dunlap exclaimed in stupefied amazement.
“Good heavens, it seems impossible!”

  The trio stood still for a few seconds, looking
at each other, somewhat unnerved, undecided
whether to advance or retreat. Suddenly with-
out any warning whatsoever, a huge rock hurt-
led through the air with amazing force, barely
missing Dick’s head and bringing up against a
nearby tree trunk with a resounding thud. Dick
ducked his head, and the other two involuntarily
did likewise, oddly enough after the stone had
passed.

  Had it connected, the missile would have
crushed his skull like an egg-shell. The next in-
stant another rock came through the air, follow-
ed by several more, the throwers, whoever they
were, keeping out of sight.

  Hastily the three men withdrew to the more
open river bank. As they neared the opening,
another stone zipping by caught Dick’s shoulder
a glancing blow. He let out a yell of pain, and
with an angry oath turned about, rifle ready to
fire, but not a sign of any assailant.

  Out in the open, with the sheltering river at
their back, they halted to decide on their next
course of action.

  “This is no place for little boys, with such
things lurking about,” Dick Williams exclaimed
after a pause. “I’d hate to meet that bozo alone
here unarmed. What is it, Professor Dunlap,”
he said, turning to the other; “you used to know
quite a bit about those things. Shall we call that
a man or not?”

  “It is neither man nor ape,” Dunlap answered.
“It is most likely Mr. Pithecanthropus in person.”
But I thought his last grandfather died a mil-
lion years ago,” Captain Franklin joined in.
“ ‘Dead men rise up never’; nor dead ape-men.”
“That is true. But it oftens happens in the
biological scale of life that a remnant of an an-
cient life-form survives in secluded parts of the
globe. In Australia and the Pacific islands we
find a good many examples of this. We cannot
be far from the island of Java, where the fossil
remains of such a creature was found near Trinil
by Dr. Eugene Dubois in 1891. The name Pithe-
canthropus Erectus, signifies, the ape-man who
walked erect.

  “Java was at one time connected with the
Asiatic mainland, as no doubt was this island. It
appears to me as if some of these otherwise ex-
tinct creatures survived here on this forsaken is-
land to the present day, unknown to the rest of
the world. This should settle the great contro-
versy which has raged over Pithecanthropus these
many years.” The enthusiastic light of the
scientist gleamed in Dunlap’s eyes. “What a
find, what a find! Pithecanthropus Erectus in the
living flesh and blood!”

THE three friends were in a quandary. With-
out the recovery of their plane, if it were in-

   •The Java ape-man. The original was discovered in the remains of
bones in Java in 1890. From these remains a hypothetical man was
reconstructed who constituted • sort of missing link between man and
•pe.

 deed in sound condition, they were reduced to the
 status of modem Robinson Crusoes, only in a
 much more dangerous environment. To make
 matters worse, their ammunition was limited, as .
 they had never counted on such a contingency;
 and after that should be exhausted, they would
 be in a sorry plight indeed. They were quite a
 number of miles from the open sea. And to reach
 it, in the hope of signalling a passing vessel,
 would necessitate a long march through these
 hostile surroundings.

   “We simply must retrieve our plane, come
 what will,” spoke Captain Franklin determined-
 ly—“if those pesky ape-men have left it in a
 condition to be flown.”

   The other two agreed.

   But here was the dilemma: To follow the trail
 of The Golden Gate through the jungle meant the
 facing of the unknown dangers which lurked
 there. And yet there was no other way out.

    So after repairing to the safety of the ledge on

 •	which they had spent the night before, to refresh
 themselves with food, as well as to allow time
 for those ape-men to leave the vicinity, the three
 once more set out bravely yet cautiously on their
 dangerous mission. It was then early in the af-
 ternoon, the sun blazing fiercely overhead, the
 heat stifling and oppressive.

   Sometime later they had penetrated a consid-
 erable distance northeast into the jungle along
 the broad well-trodden trail, the marks of the
 plane on the ground still plainly visible. They
 moved in single file, stopping often to peer ahead
 and listen.

   The thick walls of the jungle hemmed them in.
 All around were dense thickets of thorn bushes,
 tree ferns, long hanging mosses and underwood
 lianas; nipa dwarf-palms, rattans and lofty trees
 were intermingled and interlaced with hosts of
 parasitic plants in bewildering confusion.

   They passed enormous fungi which grew in
 great numbers; and the heavy fragrance of wild
 orchids and other jungle flowers hung in the air.
 Occasionally gorgeously colored parrots screech-
 ed by; or the stillness was broken by some chat-
 tering monkeys; or the sounds of small animals
 as they^ darted past. And once a troop of the
 mountainous mammoths crossed their path, the
 while the men threw themselves down in the
 grass till in their crashing progress through the
 jungle, the huge beasts were out of sight.

   Captain Franklin, who was in the lead, stopped
 abruptly as he suddenly became aware of a large
 animal crouched a short distance in front of him.

 It rose slowly and with a cat-like tread began to
 advance towards them on short, powerful thick-
 set legs armed with enormous claws. The ani-
 mal was larger than any tiger or lion either had
 ever seen; its huge head thrust forward between
 massive shoulders, its cruel gleaming eyes fast-
 ened on the aviators. From its slithering upper
 jaw two huge saber-like tusks—horribly long—■
 extended almost the full width of its dreadfully
 wide, open mouth. Fearful snarling sounds came
 from its throat—it meant business, of that there
 could be no doubt.

   For a few brief seconds the three men, unac
 customed to such things, were frozen with hor-
234	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ror. The next instant the beast charged with a
most terrifying roar. Repeating rifles spat fire
in quick succession, and the last spring of the
ferocious animal landed it exactly on the spot
from which Franklin had leaped in the nick of
time. The great beast was mortally wounded
It struggled desperately to its feet, giving vent to
the most blood-curdling sounds, the while more
lead was pumped into its body. Shortly after it
expired.

  Cautiously they drew near for a closer view.

  “A surviving Machairodus,” Dunlap exclaimed,
once more greatly astonished. “Old saber-tooth
himself! I declare, this island is full of living
fossils!” He stooped over the dead saber-
toothed tiger and examined the enormously long
canine teeth; they must have been all of seven
inches long. The three men shuddered and
moved on.

  A short ways further on they came to an open
break in the matted jungle. After some diffi-
culty they picked up the trail again and deter-
minedly plunged into another broad, avenue-like
opening into the jungle beyond, whither the trail
distinctly led. The opening entered the forest
and swung to the right in a great curve. Where
it led they could but guess, but the determination
born of desperation spurred them on.

  Rounding a turn they came directly face to
face with five or six of the ape-men marching
toward them.

Besieged!

ASTONISHMENT and hostility was plainly de-
picted on their forbidding faces; their huge
gnarled hands distinctly tightening on the heavy
clubs and the sharp rocks which they held in
their grasp. Clearly they resented this intrusion
of their kingdom.

  At the sound of a deep guttural sound from
the foremost ape-man, the creatures dropped out
of sight. The three men, fearful of a sudden at-
tack or another volley of hurtling rocks, stepped
back around the shelter of the bend and began
a hasty retreat.

  They had scarcely taken a dozen steps when
the ape-men appeared and with fierce menacing
sounds that were half shouts and half growls
made toward them, brandishing their clubs, and
the leader hurled a large stone with great force
and cunning accuracy which missed by a hair.

  At the command of Captain Franklin the three
dropped to their knees and fired point blank at
the on-rushing ape-men. The sound of the fire
reverberated loudly, two of the charging crea-
tures falling in their tracks. The rest taking
fright moved quickly out of sight, howling and
yelling with terrifically loud voices. From the
distance came many answering calls.

  In the meantime the three friends turned and
fled precipitously toward the river, looking back
as they ran to see if they were being pursued.
Loud savage cries came to their ears in increas-
ing numbers, and soon many dusky shapes mov-
ing swiftly in their direction made them aware
they were the object of a savage hunt through
the jungle. They redoubled their efforts to

reach open ground before they should be over-
taken.

  The men were good runners and in the pink of
condition; but in spite of their best efforts and
although they had a good start, the ape-men
were gaining on them, their eager cries sounding
ever nearer, the foremost drawing ever closer in
hot pursuit. Silently the fugitives sped on, their
breath coming in short gasps. What if some
other ape-men should cut off their retreat with
these savage foes behind them!

  It was a dreadfully cruel chase, the chances
greatly against the unfortunate men. So far
they managed to keep ahead, but one stumble—
a twisted foot— At intervals they turned and
fired at their pursuers in the hope of scaring hem
off; but the ape-men were not to be turned from
the pursuit of their quarry.

  Reaching the open river level at last, the men
sprinted more easily toward the sheltering lodge.
Almost spent and exhausted they reached the
foot of the friendly cliff, the savage horde not
far behind them. With their last strength they
clambered up the steep face of the bluff, the last
few feet amidst a shower of pelting stones, any
one of which spelled disaster, and none too soon
threw themselves face down on the ledge.

  Fully a hundred of the ape-men swarmed be-
neath, their cries bloodcurdling in their ferocity.
Rocks and stones came up in a perfect shower,
rebounding from the face of the cliff; their pe-
culiar position as they lay prone, however, shield-
ing them from immediate harm.

  Acting under a concerted shout a number of
the savage creatures began climbing up the cliff
toward the unfortunate men.

  “Let ’em have it,” commanded Captain Frank-
lin. The fire of their weapons reverberated
loudly above the din, echoing and re-echoing up
and down the valley and from the high bluffs and
jungle front opposite. Amidst shrieks of pain
and hair-raising death-cries, the foremost of the
clambering ape-men fell headlong to the rocky
ground below; the rest hastily scrambled down,
and the great horde stood away at some distance
brandishing their clubs and throwing stones. The
nearer approach of some of the more venture-
some brought a volley of death-dealing bullets.

  That the ape-men were possessed of real in-
telligence there could be no question. There fol-
lowed no more blind rushes. Instead they with-
drew to a safe distance, lurking behind boulders
and bushes, calling to each other and rendering
the air hideous with their fierce gibberish.

IT was a siege; and the aviators knew it, the'
outcome sadly against them. Now and then
a threatening stone came flying toward them,
warning them to be careful of exposure. For
the time being there was nothing to be done but
keep a close watch and save their ammunition.

  “Savages of a very low order have been known
to be very inconsistent in their purposes,” ob-
served Dunlap. “Perhaps these creatures may
tire of this presently and go away.”

  “Oh, if such a glorious idea would enter into
their lovely heads,” came from Dick.

  Presently Dunlap’s observation seemed about
PITHECANTHROPUS ISLAND	235

to be borne out; for first a few, then a larger
number began to move away with deliberation,
and disappeared around the upper river bend.
The rest, however, stayed where they were, ex-
posing themselves more and more, lulled into evi-
dent carelessness or ignorance of the destructive
power of the men’s weapons.

  “Looks as if you are wrong,” commented
Franklin. “They are up to something that bodes
no good for us.”

  Feeling quite safe, however, from a frontal at-
tack, the three relaxed somewhat, although keep-
ing a close lookout. The ape-men had ceased
their stone throwing, but were lolling about, car-
rying on a continuous gibberish, occasionally
brandishing their clubs and grimacing in their
direction.

  “They are certainly in love with us,” spoke
the ever jocular Dick. “Look what sweet faces
they are making at us.” He threw a mock kiss
at the ape-men.

  “Better keep your fool head and fat body out
of sight, you idiot,” caustically warned Dunlap.
“They know a fat juicy steak on the hoof when
they see it.”

  “Oh, well, we’ll just sizzle together,” and he
grinned broadly, his fine teeth showing.

  The ledge on which they were sheltered ex-
tended about three feet beyond the upper edge
of the bluff. As mentioned before, the cliff im-
mediately above the ledge was concaved, giving
them a great measure of protection. But there
was no way to obtain a footing from then on to
the top. And the distance from the top of the
cliff to their ledge was altogether too great a
drop, even should any of their enemies take it
into their heads to attack from that quarter. So
while they were in a trap, still there was no way
for the enemy to reach them, that they could see.
They held an impregnable fortress.

  Fortunately they had enough food with them
which by strict economy would last them several
days, and their thirst could be slaked by a tiny
trickle of water which dripped from the arched
rock over their shelter. For the time being at
least the men could breathe with a fair measure
of safety.

  They sat down under the arched lee of their
protecting cliff discussing their dreadful predica-
ment, frequently creeping to the edge of their
position to see that none of their besiegers ven-
tured too near. As Captain Franklin lay face
down peering down at the enemy, a sudden rustle
involuntarily caused him to draw back with a
jerk. And well for him that he did so, for the
next instant a huge boulder, which must have
weighed a quarter of a ton, came down from the
top and striking the very spot where his head
had been a moment before, crashed into frag-
ments with a thundering noise, small pieces
showering them from the violence of the fall.

  Franklin’s face went deadly pale, beads of
perspiration on his forehead. None spoke a
word, shocked by the narrowly escaped tragedy.
A pandemonium of howling cries broke loose, the
ape-men dancing abou* in wild glee.

  “So that was what they were up to,” he re-
marked presently. “That bunch that went up

the bend must have climbed the low bluffs there
and got to our position immediately above us.”
From then on they had to use greater caution
than ever, for the slightest exposure brought
down a huge boulder, accompanied by many sav-
age yells of delight. It must have been great
fun for the ape-men.

CHAPTER III

The Home of the Ape-Men

MT AM going to pick off one of those babies,”
X declared Dick, who was an excellent marks-
man. “Perhaps one will oblige us by falling
down on our ledge, and our professor here can be
served with the delight of seeing one of those
‘pithecanthrowbangs’ at close sight.” Saying
which he edged forward on his back, his rifle
trained at the top of the cliff. The next moment
he fired, and amidst a chorus of yells one of the
ape-men came hurtling down from above, land-
ing with great force right at their feet, shot
through the head—stone dead.

  “There you are, professor,” he laughed, “look
your specimen over; hope you live to report your
findings to the scientific journals.”

  The creature was indeed a forbidding thing to
look at with his hairy muscular legs, his altogeth-
er human torso, hairy, powerful; his immense
shoulders and bulging arms,—but that bestial
face, with the great protruding jaw, those terri-
bly frowning supra-orbital ridges, the flattened
nose, and low, receding forehead. It made one
shudder. One could scarcely repress a feeling
that here lay a man, bestial of face, yet still a
man; and yet—and yet—one could hardly feel
it was altogether human.

  It seemed more as if the Great Sculptor had
not quite finished, leaving much, here and there*
rough and imperfect. In his huge hairy hand,
the dead ape-man still clutched his powerful
club, a sharp rock tied to the end with sinewy
thongs. And still held in place by the strip of
some animal skin, which formed the belt around
his waist, protruded a sharp, knife-like flint, no
doubt used for cutting. Clearly the ape-men
were tool-using animals, crude but far from un-
intelligent. His kind no doubt belonged to the
humanoid stem, but were of a different genus,
and far from Homo sapiens.

  After Dick’s shot had brought one of them
down, the rest kept out of range. Their intelli-
gence, their powers of reason and mental asso-
ciation was thus attested, for undoubtedly they
associated the thunder-like reports of the fire-
arms with quick death. From then on they were
more wary.

  As the day began to draw to a close, and the
sounds of the hunting animals of the night be-
gan to be heard, the ape-men withdrew by twos
and threes and small groups; and shortly after,
the last one disappeared behind the river bend.
For the time being the three aviators were re-
lieved.

  In the darkness of the primeval night which
surrounded the trapped men, they discussed their
situation and made plans for the morrow—pro-
236	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

viding the ape-men did not return to the attack
with the first approach of day. After a first im-
pulse to flee the spot, all three decided that for
the present the safest place was where they were.
In the morning they would see.

  “Come to think about it,” spoke Captain
Franklin, “I am wondering if those savages live
somewhere up the river front. If so, perhaps
we can get to their encampment or village or
whatever it be, by following the river instead of
venturing through the dangerous jungle. The
jungle avenue may be just a short cut. We might
locate our plane that way with less danger.”
“By jove, you may be right,” agreed Dunlap.
“Nothing like trying.”

  “I would suggest,” continued Franklin, “that
with the first break of dawn we go up the valley
to the break in the bluffs and get on top of this
cliff over our ledge. It seems to be the highest
spot around here; and by climbing one of those
tall trees up there we may obtain the layout of
the land. We can then decide what best to do.”
With the first streak of dawn, after a watch-
ful night during which each took turns on guard,
they ventured down from the safety of their
perch, every sense alert to the slightest sign of
danger. Swiftly yet cautiously they moved up
stream where the break in the bluffs made an
easy ascent. Climbing to the top, they doubled
back and soon reached the top of the cliff which
looked down on their sheltering ledge fully fifty
feet below. There was not the slightest sign of
the presence of any of the ape-men, although
there were many lurking beasts.

  While the other two stood guard, Franklin
quickly climbed to the top of a tall rasamala
tree, and soon obtained a comprehensive layout
of the territory. It was just as he had surmised.
The river swept around the bend to the east, bent
south, then doubled back northwest and north
again in a great sweeping turn forming an im-
mense loop. There was every indication that
the way through the forest was just a short cut
to the river-front on the north side of the loop,
where, as seemed quite likely, the ape-men were
domiciled.

TWO hours later, the venturers came to a wide
break in the cliff walls some hundreds of
yards in extent, where the jungle growth ap-
peared. Here another broad, well-trodden
opening, similar to the one on the south side of
the loop, led out unto the river bank. And there,
plain as could be, were the tell-tale marks of the
airplane on the ground leading out of the jungle
and pointing to the left up the river. So far
they seemed to be on the right track.

  As they rounded the north sweep of the river
loop, behind some jutting masses of rocks which
hid them from view, there came to their ears the
far-off sounds which they recognized as emanat-
ing from the ape-men. Hugging close to the
shelter of the bluffs, which here again rose to a
great heights, they stole around the bend; and
there, to their astonished eyes, was the abiding-

{ilace of the savage horde—and in the center of a
arge open sandy space near the river, rested the
long-sought-for plane!

  The three men could scarcely repress a feeling
of triumphant exultation; they could have shout-
ed for sheer joy at their discovery. But the next
instant this feeling was dashed into icy coldness
at the realization of the sheer difficulty of recov-
ering the missing plane, so tantalizingly near.
It was there all right; but what chance had they,
armed though they were, against that wild horde
of savage man-like beasts with their powerful
clubs and fast hurtling, cunningly delivered
stones.

  What even if they killed a number in the at-
tempt; the rest would surely get them. And
what assurance had they that the plane was in
flying condition? Perhaps those creatures had
damaged and destroyed the vital parts, or at
least rendered it unfit for flying. Their hearts
sank within them.

  A few hundred feet back in the direction from
which they cama. they had noticed the river bed
was partly dry and rocky, great flat rocks jut-
ting above the water, which here was at a low
level, affording an easy crossing at that spot.

  Acting on Dunlap’s suggestion, they forded the
river out of sight of the horde; and entering the
jungle fringe which reached almost to the water’s
edge, turned left and cautiously moved along the
bank, all the time keeping themselves completely
out of sight behind the sheltering bush.

  Arriving directly opposite the home of the ape-
men, and stretched prone behind the thick fol-
iage, they peered out and beheld a sight such as
no living man had ever seen.

  A wide sandy beach here lay before the high
terraced banks of the river; and on the various
levels of the high rocky bluffs or cliffs, some two
hundred feet from the river’s edge, there were
many cave-like openings and large fissures in
the rocky walls; the terraced broad ledges af-
fording a safe lookout, the caves a home and
shelter for these half-men creatures.

  Between the bluffs and the river, in the center
of the wide and long open space, rested the plane.
The cliff-dwellings of the ape-men faced north,
overlooking this straight-away stretch of river
front, which here ran for three or four hundred
yards east and west, from the bend near the ford
to another bend in the river further up.

  The ape-men were moving about to and fro or
lolling on the ground or on the high terraces in
front of their cave dwellings. Some were climb-
ing up or down; others were engaged in scraping
skins or industriously pounding away at the crude
manufacture of their simple tools. So far as
could be made out, they did not Beem to know
the use of fire.

  The creatures were no doubt on the very bot-
tom rung of achievement—a mere step removed
from the lower animals. Except for the belt
which the males wore, the ape-men went com-
pletely naked. The females also were totally
devoid of any covering whatsoever, except for
some necklaces made of shells or bone. In that
they betrayed their human, even though remote
kinship.

  For the rest they were simply beasts, often
snarling and growling at one another. At times,
and for reasons which the observers could not
PITHECANTHROPUS ISLAND	237

make out, a sudden rumpus would ensue between
two of the males; and there would be much grim-
acing and gibbering; and in one instance result-
ed in a battle royal, a circle of the ape-men
watching the contestants till one of them dropped
with a crushed skull from contact with the pile-
driving blow of a war club. After which there
was much gibbering and excitement; but soon
all was quiet again. A life did not matter so
much after all.

A Strategic Plan

A MORE amusing sight Was the sudden fierce
tilt between two of the females, on account
of some altercation between two of the ape-chil-
dren. After a prolonged series of squeals and
threatening grimaces, the two went at each other
tooth and claw. Eventually they were separat-
ed by some of the males, each receiving resound-
ing cuffs; and the net result was another deadly
struggle between two of the males—husbands
perhaps of the two females.

“Human, all too human,’’ whispered Dick.

   The youngsters frolicked about, the very little
ones were carried on the hips of their mothers.
Farther up, where the river showed in spots, some
of the ape-urchins were leaping from rock to
rock, a few of the more venturesome going al-
most clear across the river—only to be recalled
by sharp commands or receive severe cuffs for
venturing into forbidden territory. No doubt
danger lurked in the jungle across the river.

  As far as the men could make out from their
station, the plane appeared unharmed. Except
for the glass in the cabin windows and the wind
shields, which were all broken, and many
scratches and dents from rough treatment, The
Golden Gate as a whole seemed to have suffered no
vital damage.

  Ape-urchins were gamboling and chasing each
other in and out of the plane, or clambering over
the wings and body. Underneath its wide-
spreading wings lolled a dozen or more ape-
men, shading themselves from the hot sun. Some
were amusing themselves by turning the propel-
lers; others now and then would poke or pound
idly against the plane with their clubs. And all
as they came and went paused frequently in won-
der and astonishment to study this strange bird-
like metal thing. Plainly they were puzzled by
the meaning of it. In spite of their predicament
the bird-men could scarcely repress smiles at the
bewildered interest of the man-like creatures. At
times when the handling of the machine grew
somewhat rough, the men almost groaned, and
could scarce resist a desire to fire into the horde
and attempt a forcible seizure, but prudence held
them in check.

  “If only those savage creatures would desert
this place for a short while,” groaned Dunlap in
a whisper.

  The three observers lay there in an agony of
helpless despair. Their situation was desperate
and seemed utterly hopeless. And the nearness
of their airplane, which meant escape and free-
dom, was exasperatingly enticing and almost
drove them mad. If only they could think of

something that would drive this wild horde away
from the spot long enough to make away with
the plane. They gritted their teeth in silent
rage.

  What was to be done? How outwit the ape-
man and regain possession of their machine.
Plainly something had to be done—and soon.
But what—and how! Nor was their present
concealed post any too secure. At any moment
some prowling animal creeping upon them out
of the terrors of the jungle at their back might
force them to defend themselves and thereby be-
tray their presence to the ape-men—and thus
bring about another chase, this time perhaps a
fatal one. For a long time they silently lay
there, wretched, helpless and despairing.

  At Franklin’s whispered suggestion, they de-
cided to move on and investigate the territory
still farther up the river beyond the next bend.
Carefully they skirted the jungle edge, following
the bank till it swung again to the north, taking
them out of sight and sound of the ape-men’s
abiding-place. Here they halted. The same un-
broken jungle was at their back, the bluffs on the
west side of the river falling almost to a level
with the banks, giving way to dense forest
growths which reached to the water’s edge. The
river here was very shallow and partly dry, af-
fording an easy crossing.

«T HAVE an idea,” whispered Captain Frank-

  1 lin. “Perhaps it may work, perhaps not.
The idea may appear childishly foolish, but under
these primitive circumstances it is well worth try-
ing.”

  Eagerly the other two crowded close and lis-
tened attentively.

  “As I see it, there is one thing to do—create
some diversion that will draw these ape-men
away from the vicinity of the plane long enough
for us to grab it and make a take-off.” He
paused and his friends eyed him questionably,
wondering what it could be he had in mind that
could possibly bring about the miracle of such a
diversion. A dubious expression rested on their
faces.

  “As you notice,” Franklin continued, “the riv-
er here is very low and easily forded. Suppose
we go back first to our ledge and get that alarm
clock we retrieved in the jungle, cross over from
here to the west side of the river and there set
the clock ringing at some distance above the ape-
men’s abiding-place, timing it to ring, however,
after we shall have retraced our steps close to the
other ford below. These creatures are no doubt
possessed of compelling curiosity, as are all crea-
tures of the anthropoid or humanoid stem; and
they may take it into their heads to investigate
the source of the strange ringing sound, most
likely utterly new to their ears, and thereby give
us our chance."

  After a moment’s pause, Ray Dunlap spoke in
a doubting tone.

  “What, even if your scheme does work, and
we get to the machine but cannot start it before
we are spied—they may have put the engines
out of commission.”

(Continued on Page 282)
  The Martian Nemesis

by George B. Beattie

         A* I watched, I noticed a circle of the monsters surrounded the rock, their pitchers opening
   and shutting spasmodically as they waved toward it.

238
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS

THEY laid him to rest in the bare gaunt ab-
bey of Westminster. To rest with the
great—this greatest one of them all. The
city was muffled. The women wept: the men
whispered in low tones, and the children stopped
in their play as the cortege passed solemnly by.
Sir Stewart Knightlow was dead: Knightlow the
magnetic, the man with the charmed life, and
the tragic history.

  Curious what an influence the name of Knight-
low had exerted during the
past couple of decades: man,
woman and child had fol-
lowed his exploits. The men
had honored him for his
achievements, the women
had pitied him for the
pathos of his private life,
but to the children, he was
the super-hero, the worship-
ful one: the speed king,
holder of all the records on
land and water, and in the
air: the master adventurer,
the only man who had trod-
den on the soil of Mars and
returned to the earth alive.

 And now he was dead,
slain in a simple street ac-
cident, this greatest of all
explorers, before whose star
the adventures of
Cortez and Colum-
bus paled ineffect-
ually. Knightlow
dead? It seemed
incredible, even as
the funeral proces-
sion wound slowly
by, and they laid
his bones beneath
the “dull cold mar-
ble.”

  In the privacy of
his home, the dead
man’s lawyer fing-
ered contemplat-
ively a bulky pack-
age. He mumbled
the direction: “To
be opened only
after my death.

Stewart Knightlow,

Bart.,” appearing
on the envelope,
stroked his chin
once or twice as if
trying to gauge the contents of the document
without opening the cover. Then suddenly, he
ripped open the seals, and drew out many pages
of closely written matter, headed in Sir Stew-
art’s bold hand-writing, “My Life.”

  Seating himself in his most comfortable arm-
chair, the old lawyer turned over the pages and
read, at first with the semi-boredom of profes-
sional duty, then increasing interest and horror.

♦	* * *

So this was Mars! .Our quantum-control space

239

ship had made a perfect landing, and we could
see through our window-like lenses stretches of
desert on either side of us, waterless and in-
hospitable. Above, the sky was clear and cloud-
less, like that of the “land of azure blue,” as the
Riviera is poetically called, but the firmament
seemed higher, the light more intense, and the
blue more vivid as it contrasted sharply with
the bright red earth that extended as far as we
could view, in a monotonous flat plain. The sun
beat down fiercely on the
ruby desert, which seemed
to glow red-hot in response,
a very sea of fire. Awkroyd,
the climatologist had been
taking readings. He uttered
a low whistle.

  “What d’you think of this
boys?” he asked excitedly
lapsing into his native Irish
brogue, “Faith, the astrono-
mers are wrong entoirely
about timperature. Moind
you, the barometric pressure
is about right: it’s about
wan quarter that of the
earth, just as Campbell sup-
posed, an’ the later investi-
gations into the composition
of the atmosphere aren’t too
wide of the mark, oither.

 “The atmos-
phere's made up of
80 per cent oxygen,
about foive per
cent carbon diox-
ide, about foive
per cent nitrogen,
about foive per
cent helium, and
the remainder con-
sists of rare gases
such as argon and
krypton, an’ a lot I
canot diagnose at
all. But as for
the timperature:
Poynting put it at
well below freez-
ing point, an’ my
thermometer shows
a hundred an’ fifty
two deg. Fahren-
heit in the shade.”
“That’s easily ac-
counted for,” put
in Ray Browne,
the naturalist, with that patronizing air I de-
tested so, “here we are under the direct rays of
the sun, in the middle of a dry desert beside
which the Sahara is a children’s playground.
There’s not a drop of water anywhere, nor will
there be until the polar cap melts. Even then,
the water will simply flow into the irrigation
canals and be swallowed up by the thirsty
plants that extend for miles on either side of
their banks.

  “To conduct the heat away from the land, we

 BEHIND the scenes of every scientific expe-
 dition there is a human drama which for
 its sheer interest may even outweigh at
 times the purpose of the expedition itself. But
 if, in a story, the human drama—the conflict of
 man against man—and the struggle of man
 against nature is so evenly balanced, then the
 story becomes superb reading. Of such a calibre
 is the present, from the pen of a rising star in
 the heavens of science fiction.

   Man seeking to conquer strange worlds must
 put himself in the same position as a Martian
 on reaching the earth. Every plant, every living
 thing would be foreign to him. He might eat
 the poisonous fruits because they looked good,
 he would be stung by snakes, attacked by all
 manner of wild beasts. The more abundant the
 plant and animal life the greater the chance of
 his coming to grief and destruction.

   In the most realistic fashion Mr. Beattie gives
 us not only the struggle of earthlings against the
 hostile Martian plant life but also a human story
 that will touch the most cold-blooded.
240	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

would need huge seas all round this desert.
Wait till night, you’ll find it cold enough then.
Why even in a puny waste like Higher Mesopo-
tamia, during the Arabic war, our water used to
freeze solid in our water-bottles at night, and
yet in the day, our chaps were dying with heat-
stroke. The fellow who promised his sweet-
heart he would be true, till the sands of the
desert ran cold, was making a safe bet. They
go cold at Christmas every night.”

An Expedition Formed

HOW I hated the young pup’s braggadocio,
and his cheap cynicism. And this was the
fellow Mary was going to marry, the man she
had asked me to care for on this hazardous trip,
this cynical upstart, this young know-all. I
cursed the day he had ever come to our quiet
little village. Before he came, Mary had been
interested in my work, and I had hoped that one
day she would be interested in me. True there
was some difference in our ages, and I know I
loked ten years older than I really was, for a
decade spent in investigating radio-active ele-
ments had left its indelible mark.

  At thirty-four I walked with a decided stoop,
my face was lined and furrowed, my eyesight
was beginning to fail, and, although I managed
to conceal the defect, I knew myself that I was
gradually becoming deaf. Many a day, I felt
like throwing up the sponge, but always I seemed
to be on the threshold of an epochal discovery,
and Mary’s sweet sympathy kept me going.
After all, I owed all to her father, good old
Squire Lowell: he had first noticed my keen in-
terest in science when I was a boy at the village
school, and had guided me through college and
university, for I was an orphan, and without his
generosity must have spent my life as a plough-
boy or a grocer’s assistant.

  Later he had fitted me up a laboratory, and I
had tried to justify his confidence in me by
working night and day. But of late, I knew
that I had worked not for duty, but for love.
When I made some minor success, such as when
I discovered how to separate the rare earths
from actinium, Mary seemed so overjoyed that
I felt I could hope. Some day I must bring off a
coup, and then I would speak. In the meantime,
I went on, working and hoping.

  And then, he came. Perhaps five years my
junior, he looked hardly more than twenty, pink-
cheeked, well groomed, straight as a die, athletic
and empty. In fact everything I was not. He
could dance, I didn’t. He played a good game
of tennis: I had neither time nor inclination.
He had a smart little runabout, with a shouty
mascot on the radiator, and he talked with a
cheap empty cynicism in a gay talking manner.
Such was Ray Browne, the naturalist.

  He came, he saw, he conquered. Mary’s visits
to the laboratory began to be less frequent, and
when she came, she seemed to have left her mind
in another place, (Ray Browne’s runabout). At
length the blow fell, the engagement was an-
nounced. I wished them luck, in the mechani-
cal hypocritical manner that passes for polite-
ness, and buried myself in my laboratory, work-

ing harder than ever. But the whole place
seemed haunted with memories. I could not con-
centrate however hard I tried. I felt I must
get away at all costs.

  Then came the announcement of the projected
Martian expedition. The German astronomer,
Ostwald had spent his whole life investigating
Mars, and following up the studies of Lowell
and Schiaparelli. * He had constructed a super-
telescope by which he could not only detect the
broad bands of vegetation growing on either side
of the hundreds of canals, which bands are usu-
ally thought by the layman to be the canals
themselves, but he was enabled to see the water
flow down these canals as the ice at the poles
melted, and he was able to note great changes in
the vegetation following this irrigation.

  But what interested me most was his declara-
tion that by means of new instruments he had
discovered that much of the surface of the
planet was radio-active. Ostwald had learned
all that was possible to know of Mars, without
visiting the planet itself. For years he had
studied Mars, talked Mars, dreamed Mars, and
although at the age of sixty he had given up
hope of ever visiting the planet himself, he fully
believed that in time means would be devised
for bridging the gulf between the two worlds.

  Stock’s wonderful adaptation of the quantum
theory to practical engineering, and the building
of the first quantum-control space flier, however,
caused the old scientist once more to indulge in
his life’s dream of visiting the red planet in per-
son. Funds were raised, and to make a long
story short, a larger quantum-control vessel was
constructed and the Ostwald Martian Expedition
formed. How the public laughed at the cranks,
as they called them: the more serious-minded
members of the community tried to get legisla-
tive acts passed to prevent, as they put it, a
group of lunatics from committing suicide.

  To me, it was a heaven-sent opportunity. I
could not stay in the little village, the wreck of
all my hopes. Besides, all my life I had dabbled
in the infinitely little, the atoms and electrons:
here was an opportunity for adventure in the
infinitely great, the boundless extent of space. I
crossed to Coburg, presented my credentials to
Herr Ostwald, and was engaged as radiologist
to the expedition. But, somehow, I could not go
away, without staying good-bye to Mary. I
made my way to the little village once again,
and on to the manor house, seeking an audience.

I WAS ushered into the morning room. Old
Squire Lowell was there, cheery and rubi-
cund. Young Browne was .leaning nonchalantly
on that quaint old fashioned harpsichord which
was such a delight to Mary, tapping random
notes idly, like the asinine dolt he was. As I
entered, both men looked slightly strained, as
though their conversation had been suddenly
chopped off. I had caught the word “settle-
ment” as I came down the hall. So that was it,
the bounder was after Mary for her money and
social position.

  “Ah ha!” said Brown. “Enter the great elec-

•The two astronomers who had brought the "Martian Canals” bofore the
world.
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	241

tron hunter. What have you been doing with
yourself, old scollop? Haven’t seen you for ages
and how’s Mr. Nucleus, Mrs. Proton and all the
little Electrons? Ha, ha, haP’

  “Blithering idiot!” I thought to myself.

  “Yes, Stewart, what have you been doing with
yourself lately? We haven’t seen you for weeks.
Mary’s been quite concerned for you,” put in
the Squire.

  “Well, Squire, I’ve been to Germany. There’s
a golden opportunity for me on the Ostwald
expedition. I’ve been appointed radiologist on
the Martian expedition.”

  The squire brought his fist down with a wal-
lop on the table. “The devil you have? Well
of all the— well I’m blest—”

  Browne struck a mock-heroic attitude, picked
up my soft felt hat and placed it aslant on his
head, then tucking his right hand into the folds
of his jacket, he chortled “I go, ’tis a far far
better thing than I have ever done.”

  At that moment Mary entered, her eyes blaz-
ing. “Ray, I’m ashamed of you. Mr. Knight-
low is setting out on a voyage of unprecedented
peril, and you sneer in that silly manner.”

 To do him credit, Browne colored up and
looked decidedly silly for a moment or two, but
he quickly recovered his usual sang-froid. Not
so the Squire. He sat frowning for some time,
chewing the end of his cigar as if weighing up
the pros and cons of some mighty matter, and
finally delivered himself:—“Mr. Browne, you’re
engaged to my daughter. You’ve got many things
desirable in this world, personality, a comely
frame, a flippant wit and a deuced taking way,
but I’m beginning to think you lack one essen-
tial!”

  “And what is that, oh Squire?”

  “Well, it’s what’s commonly called ‘guts,’ my
lad! You can sneer at Knightlow, but you
haven’t the guts to emulate him.”

  “I’m not such an ass, you mean, sir.”

  “Call it what you will, my lad,” said the
squire testily, “but unless you accompany the
Ostwald expedition, the engagement’s off. You
say you are a naturalist. Very well, we’ll be
able to get you into the swim all right. Refuse
and ...”

  “But father,” put in Mary. “I love him. You
are sending him to his death. I won’t let him
go. I’ll marry him in spite of your refusal.”
And then I almost liked Ray Browne. He
turned to Mary. “Do you think I could take you
on those terms. Your father thinks I am a
coward. He has thrown down the gauntlet to
me, and I must accept. I must prove myself.
I must win my spurs!”

CHAPTER II
Radium!

RELUCTANTLY Mary entrusted her lover to
my care, and at the very last hour I made
her the solemn promise that I would guard him
and that he would be returned to her, all safe
and sound.

  But as the voyage progressed my dislike of

Browne increased. To his other despicable hab-
its he had added one of calling me “Dad,”
which made me boil with rage, for truth to tell
my greying hair and wrinkling face were matters
about which I was particularly sensitive, but
here we were at last, in the heart of the red
desert.

  How lonely it was. The barren emptiness was
unbroken even by a solitary vulture or carrion
crow. It was clearly no ideal camping ground,
but Professor Ostwald and Awkroyd were intent
upon their calculations, and were not a little
annoyed by Browne’s perpetual chatter, and his
oft reiterated suggestions that we “shove off to
more Christian quarters.”

  “What strikes me as most interesting,” an-
nounced the professor when they had concluded
their tests, “is the remarkably low nitrogen con-
tent of the atmosphere. We shall, no doubt, be
able to breathe all right, quite comfortably, in
fact; for although the oxygen content is four
times that we are accustomed to from a per-
centage standpoint, the pressure is only one
quarter. The carbon dioxide percentage is high,
but equally as the pressure is low, we should not
suffer on that account. The depressing effect
of a low barometric pressure should, equally, be
nullified by the great proportion of oxygen in the
atmosphere. We may therefore safely land in
the cool of the evening.”

  As the sun receded, we stole from the vessel.
The somewhat lighter gravity affected our steps
strangely at first, but we quickly mastered it, as
we did the breathing of the rarefied air. But our
reconnaissance yielded little, merely serving to
confirm our first impressions of an arid inhos-
pitable waste, totally without life, either animal
or vegetable, and we were all quite glad to get
back on board the space-ship, and spend the re-
mainder of the evening discussing future move-
ments.

  We finally came to the conclusion that the best
course was to cruise over this hemisphere, mak-
ing maps and notes as we went, and then to at-
tempt a landing in a more hospitable locality, if
such presented itself. We cruised for several
days, taking photographs of the light areas and
dark patches, the wonderful canals with their
broad bands of exotic vegetation: now at the ice-
bound pole, now by the equator. Everywhere
was desolate even in the vegetational bands, for
the time of the polar cap melting was approach-
ing, and the plants and trees were brown or leaf-
less. No sign of human life appeared, although
Ash the photographer claimed to have seen a
curious quadruped scuttle across the dried bed
of one of the canals.

At last we had every square mile of the hemi-
sphere mapped out and photographed even to
Herr Ostwald’s satisfaction, and we decided
again to land, this time in a narrow barren space
between the two channels of a fine geminated
canal that extended in this double formation
right to the pole. We cruised very low over the
canal and its vegetational belts, with the rotting
trees and fast decaying leaves all matted with
masses of tangled linas below us. Now and
then we caught sight of Ash’s quadrupeds, dart-
242	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

ing in and out of the dead forest. Curious crea-
tures these, about the size of a terrier, with slug-
like bodies on long thin stilts, one could hardly
call them legs.

  Landing, we each set about our own particu-
lar branch of the work. Browne, with an in-
terest I had not thought him capable of spent his
days foraging in the “maquis” of rotting vegeta-
tion, picking up a rhizome or bulb here and
there to stuff in his satchel, or making a drawing
or pressing of some more than ordinarily in-
teresting leaf or stem. The animals proved to
be quite harmless and timid to a degree: they
appeared to exist on the decaying vegetable mat-
ter, and scuttled off when anyone approached
into the heart of the scrub. But that there was
a huge number of them could not be doubted.

  Browne’s researches puzzled him. “Nearly all
these plants,” he confessed to Ostwald “seem
to me to require plenty of nitrogenous matter
for their substance; yet the quantity of nitrogen
in the air and the soil is negligible. True, the de-
caying matter does form a minor source of sup-
ply, but it seems altogether inadequate when we
consider the probable immensity of some of the
growths from the skeletonised leaves that lie
about.”

  To which the old professor replied that we
should know the answer to the riddle when the
polar ice melted. We did, all too tragically!

  While Browne examined his roots and shoots,

I	carefully examined the bright red earth, and
the few boulders that cropped up in it. For a
long time I could make nothing of either, but
_my heart pounded with excitement when I found
"that the red earth was a complete insulator for
all radium emanations, and that below it, nay,
within it specimens of every radio-active sub-
stance I had ever encountered on earth, and
many new ones existed. I could hardly believe
my own findings, and hastened along to Ost-
wald to apprise him of the news. The old pro-
fessor however, was taking his siesta, and I was
loath to disturb him, so I returned to my work.

AS I worked, I thought things out, and as I
thought, I was tempted. All my life I had
been poor. Here I had inexhaustible wealth for
the picking. Why not keep the knowledge to
myself? I was the only one who had the neces-
sary technical accomplishment to wrest the Mar-
tian earth’s secrets from it! I could refine a
large quantity of the earth, and take it back to
the vessel without anyone being any the wiser :
with radium at over a hundred dollars a milli-
gramme element, I should be the richest man on
earth.

  Perhaps Mary would look at me then. Be-
sides, if I reported to Ostwald now, he would
get all the credit, for I was but a link in the
chain of the Ostwald Expedition, and I was sick
to death of work, work, work, without recogni-
tion.

  “Any luck, Knightlow?” I started at the sound.
The professor was bending over me as I exam-
ined a fresh heap of the red earth. “Er . . .
well, no, professor, the earth is practically in-
ert!” I said masking a lie with a partial truth,

  but I felt the color mount to my cheeks, and I
feel to this day that the old German knew I was
lying, although if he did, he appeared to take
my statement at its face value. He walked silently
away.

  For days I worked, extracting radium and its
isotope, mesothorium, encasing the precious
grains in a safety envelope of the ray-insulating
red earth, and placing them in my satchel. In'
a short while I had more radium stored away in
the space-ship than there was in the whole of the
world, but to every inquiry as to my work I gave
a negative reply, and cultivated an air of disap-
pointment as I examined heap after heap of
earth, ostensibly without result.

  But though I carried the matter with a high
hand, my duplicity worried me: I grew restless
at nights, and many a time resolved as I tossed,
sleepless, that I would make a clean breast of the
affair to Ostwald in the morning and hand over
the priceless booty. But such resolves melted
like snow before the rising sun each morning and

I	continued furtively to accumulate my treasure.

  Meanwhile the polar snows were melting, and
the vegetational region was permeated with a
light mist, although the deserts remained as dry,
and the sky as cloudless as ever. Once we as-
cended in the space ship, and soared over the
canal. Its basin was a deep gorge, lined with
withered hydrophytes and strange algae. A
puny stream of water trickled feebly down the
centre of the canyon, and as the sun beat down
on it we saw the water boil vigorously, for of
course under such a low barometric pressure,
the boiling point was low in the scale, and the
water boiled when it was merely warm.

  The vapor produced the light haze we had
seen, which was diffused rapidly in the rare at-
mosphere and spread wide over the vegetational
belt.

  The vegetable debris seemed to be awakening.
Previously the only plants which had seemed
to be alive at all, were Xerophytes of the most
extreme type, much resembling our own cush-
ion plants and spiny plants of the desert, and
minute aromatic posies with grey hairy leaves,
which the quadrupeds avoided like the plague,
probably due to the strong perfume emanating
from them.

  Now new shoots of tender green were spring-
ing up in every direction, growing with a rapid-
ity which to our earthly notions were incredible,
or at any rate, uncanny. Browne was almost
enthusiastic: he was as near excitement as his
blase temperament permitted, and when we had
returned to our base, he spent his time on the
fringe of the bush examining the strange shoots,
and culling a specimen here and there.

  “Why, man!” he said to me. “There’s a wealth
and diversity of vegetation here such as our most
imaginative naturalists have never dreamed of.
The most primitive types of palaeobotany rub
shoulders with evolutionary types that are far
ahead of anything we have produced by cultiva-
tion. What a treatise I can produce. Another
month, and we shall have the most wonderful
forest ever seen around us.”
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	243

The Trap!

THE days succeeded one another, and Browne’s
enthusiasm grew with the plants. He push-
ed further and further into the bush, but his
hunger for knowledge seemed insatiable. His
notebooks were full of closely written comments,
and his satchel was already brimful of leaves,
and cuttings, bulbs and stems, all carefully dock-
eted and classified to the best of his ability.

  The scrub was now well above waist high, and
was so interlaced with vines and creepers as to
be almost impenetrable already. Browne had
been importuning Professor Ostwald for some
time to allow an expedition to proceed through
the bush to the canal itself, so that a more per-
fect study of the vegetation might be made, but
the old German was very reluctant to consent.

  He pointed out the dangers of such a course.
It was ten miles from the fringe of the maquis
to the water basin; we had no knowledge of how
gigantic the vegetable growths might be on
maturity, and judging by the interlacing of the
creepers already, in another month the belt
would be absolutely impenetrable; while as there
was no suitable landing place for the space-
ship at the canal gorge, escape by that means
would be extremely hazardous if not impossible,
and the party might be forced to remain mar-
ooned until the vegetation decayed;—the best
part of the Martian year.*

  But at long length, Browne, with the assis-
tance of Awkroyd and Ash, who were a couple
of adventurous spirits, and were mightily bored
with our present life of inaction, prevailed upon
the old scientist to allow this expedition to pro-
ceed. At first it was intended to carry radio
apparatus with them, but after the first day’s
progress through the scrub, the idea of carrying
anything apart from tabloid foods and a light
bivouac was abandoned, for it was with extreme
difficulty that the three adventurers managed to
hack their way through the tough vines, which
seemed automatically to seal the way again as
they passed through.

  We had all lent a hand for the first day’s pro-
gress, yet barely a couple of miles had been tra-
versed, and as the professor, Bell, the pilot,
Stock, the engineer, and myself, cut our way
back again, lugging the wireless apparatus with
us, we felt glad that we were not proceeding
with the others.

  The four of us contented ourselves in taking
things easily, ascending some days to see how
the adventurous three were getting along. As
they proceeded, they found themselves in a thick-
et growing denser, higher and more luxuriant,
and it was a full fortnight before they reached
the canal basin. There they made themselves
comfortable, and having furnished them with a
further supply of food by dropping it from the
air, we started to make things more amenable
on the fringe of the bush. For some time Herr
Ostwald had grumbled about living and sleeping
in the space-flyer, so to placate the old man,
Bell and myself set about constructing a habita-
tion of sorts from the old wood and the huge
leaves which were now growing on the very

•The time of revolution of Mars is 686.98 d>y».

fringe of the thicket. A curious vine, not un-
like Virginian creeper, had been throwing out ten-
drils in the direction of the space-ship for some
time, and with a thought of the artistic, I train-
ed the pretty vine over the improvised cottage,
which gave the rough results of our labors a pic-
turesque aspect. Ostwald was delighted with
his new dormitory, and as the vine grew with as-
tonishing rapidity, it had soon covered the whole
exterior of the shed, much to the old man’s de-
light, for he was greatly taken with pretty
things. Our surroundings were daily growing
more pleasant.

  Some of the strange growths were already
beginning to flower, and vivid colored petals
were bursting through the galaxy of green. The
belt too, was slowly increasing, proceeding it
seemed, towards us, as new shoots would arise
in the desert; and soon the space-flier was sur-
rounded with a charming little garden of these
pleasant young off-shoots springing up within
a few yards of each other.

  Stock, who had some pretentions to gardening
ability, pottered about with these plants, at-
tempting to train them in the way they should
go. He was particularly interested in a nettle-
like bush which gave promise of huge dimen-
sions. Bell hadn’t much sympathy with all this
“messing about” as he termed it. He was pre-
eminently a man of action and was bored stiff.

  I had now accumulated as much radium as I
dared store away, and like Bell I was suffering
somewhat from ennui; when one night, taking a
stroll on the fringe of the forest by the feeble
light of Mars’ “waistcoat-pocket” moons, Phobos
and Deimos, we saw something which dispelled
all our thoughts of boredom.

FOR some time I had been noting a clump of
peculiar plants, with a passive interest. That
they belonged to the Nepenthes (pitcher plant)
group, even I, ignorant though I was on matters
relating to botany, could not doubt. But they
were many times the size of any pitcher plant,
I had ever seen. I had examined them that very
morning, and been struck alike with the vivid
variegated hues of the immense fused leaves that
formed the “pitcher”. They were ten feet or so
from the ground; and the long trail of sirupy
secretion which exuded from the pitcher slowly
trickled down the stem and gradually seeped into
the earth. Greatly daring I had gingerly tasted
the secretion, and found it sweet like honey.

  We had just reached this clump, and were
perhaps a distance of twenty yards away, when
we noted one of Ash’s quadrupeds at the foot
of the clump, licking the sweet secretion from
the stem. We immediately stood motionless, for
we had never had the opportunity of examining
the behavior of the strange animals at such close
quarters, and this one was obviously unaware of
our presence as yet. Soon it began to ascend
the stem of the plant, licking the sweet secre-
tion greedily as it progressed, holding on to the
smooth surface with sucker-like toes.

  For minutes we watched as the creature slow-
ly progressed towards the pitcher. Once or
twice it turned round, as if half aware of our
244	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

presence. But if it scented danger, the fascina-
tion of the honey-dew proved too great, for it
continued climbing and sipping the nectar with
obvious relish until it was balanced on the very
edge of the bi-foliate pitcher. Then suddenly,
and without a shred of warning, the pitcher
opened like a butterfly’s wings: blood red tenta-
cles sprang from the centre and enfolded the
luckless animal with the rapidity of a chamel-
eon’s tongue, and the leaves instantly closed with
the booty inside.

  The whole operation of the trap had been so
nearly instantaneous that, had I witnessed it
alone, I should have been persuaded that my
senses had deceived me; but I could see from the
horrified look on Bell’s face, that he too had
seen the horrible process.

  “What’ye make o’ that?” he queried.

  “Well,” I said as lightly as I could, “I’m no
botanist but it seems to me it’s the solution of
Browne’s puzzle as to how plants requiring nit-
rogenous matter thrive here. Evidently Nature,
cruel as ever, allows the animals to breed and
feed on the decaying plants, and when the young
plants attain maturity they complete the cycle
by feeding on the animals, and so making up for
the nitrogen shortage in the soil.”

  “Anyway, let’s go back,” he said with a shud-
der, “And talk the matter over with Stock, he’s
something of an amateur botanist.”

CHAPTER III
Tragedy!

WE encountered Stock half way between Ost-
wald’s shed and the vessel. We poured out
our tale to him.

  “Hum,” he said, “They’re not true Nepenthes:
in the pitcher plants the insects walk up the
stem picking up a sweet liquid that exudes from
the leaves, but the pitcher is full of liquid into
which they fall and are drowned. But, what
worries me is that carnivorous plants are usually
found only in marshy ground. Now, if such ter-
rible traps can exist on the very fringe of the belt,
what terrors are growing in the damp area by the
canal itself, watered by the melting snows? We
must get in touch with Browne and the others as
quick as we can! I’m glad you fellows are back,
though, the old man’s got an awfully bad touch
of fever.”

  “Fever?”

  “Yes, mysterious kind of malady! Called me
shortly after you’d gone. Complained of ter-
rible itching. He’s covered with a rash from
head to toe, can’t diagnose the disease though,
and I can’t get him comfortable. He was trim-
ming that creeper: (the darn thing’s nearly clos-
ing up the door now), when he first complained.”
We hastened to the space-flyer, where Stock
had conveyed Ostwald. The old scientist was
lying on the couch, twisting and turning almost
like a patient in the throes of tetanus. He had
torn his clothes to ribbons, and his flesh showed
through livid red, with a fiery eruption which
was already developing unsightly pustules: his
face looked as though corrosive acid had been
poured over it; a fluid poured from his sightless

eyes; and he raved in a delirium that was piti-
able to hear.

  We laved the livid flesh with alkaline water
and covered the most affected parts with layers
of bismuth, but all to no effect. The astrono-
mer continued to get worse, and before the
morning broke he had succumbed.

  Sad at heart with the loss of our leader, and
puzzled and alarmed at the manner of his death,
I noticed in the light of the morning that Bell
kept scratching the backs of his hands which
seemed red and sore. As the day wore on the
pilot developed the same symptoms as Ostwald.
Stock and I carried him out, and isolated him in
an improvised tent, applying what palliatives
we could, but Bell continued to get steadily
worse.

  We racked our brains, and what few reference
books there were in the vessel, in an attempt to
diagnose the fever, but could neither recall nor
discover any known malady resembling the mys-
terious illness. So far neither Stock nor I show-
ed the slightest symptoms of the infection, but
we were now taking the greatest care to avoid
contagion. We buried Ostwald in the rich red
earth, and wondered how long our comrade Bell
would last out.

  Suddenly Stock veered around. “I have it!
It’s that accursed creeper. The beastly thing
must be a ‘rhus’ or ‘sumach’. Even on the earth
we have some specimens that play havoc with
some people. The American poison ivy, rhus
toxicodendron, for instance harbours a fixed oil in
every part of it, stem, leaves, and hair, which is
so virulent that even one thousandth of a milli-
gramme placed on the skin, will produce violent
pain and destruction of tissue.

  “The slightest contact with a person’s clothes
or even the dust from the dried leaves produces
most painful and terrible eruptions, which some-
times occur again and again even when all source
of contagion has been destroyed. Now I think
this is a similar vine, containing an even more
powerful irritant. Poor Ostwald was trimming
the creeper and was directly affected. Bell was
indirectly infected through touching the chief’s
clothing.”

  “That may be so, but how are we immune?”

  “For the simple reason that susceptibility to
the Rhus poison seems to be an individual mat-
ter. The American poison oak, or poison ivy
seems to affect one individual, while another
goes free. We are evidently immune, else we
should have shown symptoms long ago, you es-
pecially, for it was you who worked on the
creeper at the start.”

  “Yes, confounded idiot that I was!” I exclaim-
ed bitterly.

  “Never mind that,” said Stock. “Let’s do what
we can for Bell although I don’t think there’s
much hope!”

  All day we tended the raving pilot, applying
the remedies which Stock said were used for
sumach poisoning. By nightfall he was sinking
fast in spite of our frenzied endeavors, but un-
like Ostwald, he seemed to grow calmer as death
approached, and finally sank into a peaceful
stupor. Towards midnight, the dying man turn-
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	245

ed towards us, and quite lucidly asked one of us
to bring his satchel from the space-flier: he
knew he was dying and wished to straighten up
some affair or other.

  Stock went, and I talked with the fast-sink-
ing Bell. Then, of a sudden, out of the night
went up a horrible yell, that made my heart
jump and my face drain of blood. It was
Stock’s voice and he was calling for help!
Help against what?

I DASHED out into the night, but even as I
did so Stock staggered towards me. “Don’t
come any further!” he panted, “I’m done for!”
Disregarding his warning, I rushed to him, and
assisted him into the circle of light of the tent.
His face was distorted with pain; a livid weal
stood out on his right cheek; but, most amazing
of all, his clothes were covered with sharp quills
about three inches in length while several of
these stuck in his bare legs and arms, which
were already turning black. I made to extract
some of these, but he waved me off. “Too late
old man, I’m gone in! Take care of yourself,
never mind me.

  “It’s that damned nettle! You know, the big
one with the vivid white flowers, the one I had
made such a fuss over. I was passing within a
yard or two of it, to get. Bell’s papers, when I
felt something strike my cheek, followed by a
searing pain: I couldn’t help crying out. Then
I was stabbed right and left on the arms and
legs. I ran towards the tent, but it’s too late,
old man, the poison’s done its work!”

  “But a nettle?”

  “Quite natural, old man,” he gasped, the scien-
tist even at the point of death, “nettles contain
two poisons, formic acid which causes the pain,
and a smaller quantity of a venom which re-
sembles snake poison. Even on the Earth,
there’s an Indian nettle with stinging hairs on
its surface, which become detached and float
into the air, getting into the eyes, nose and
throat of anyone coming near, and causing vio-
lent irritation and sometimes blindness, while a
Javanese type produces convulsions. This Mar-
tian nettle is but a development of these proto-
types.”

  I had been carefully extracting the spines, and
making Stock as comfortable as I could. Bell
had sunk into a coma again. I tried to cheer up
Stock.

  “It’s no use, old man, I’m done! Half an
hour at the most. Look after yourself! Don’t
stir from this tent until daylight, then get into
the vessel as quickly as you can and get away.
We’re in a hotbed of savage plants. No use at-
tempting to save the others: they’re bound to be
killed long ago by some diabolical drosera.

  “I see the riddle of Mars clearly now. How
there are man-made canals, and yet no evidence
of inhabitants. They have all been wiped out
with the vile vegetation their labors helped to
create. But, I’m wasting precious minutes. Let
me tell you how to operate the quantum mo-
tors!”

  For the best part of an hour, Stock drilled me
with every detail of the procedure, his recital

interrupted only by spasms of pain. Then sud-
denly his whole frame quivered violently, and he
fell back, dead. I sat a long time as if petrified,
and then stole over to Bell. Alas! he was dead
also.

  I felt hysterical: I would rather have rushed
from the place but Stock’s warning held me. It
still wanted an hour or two of dawn. How I
survived the horror of that time, I know not,
but never was man more pleased to welcome the
dawn than I that night. As soon as it was light,
I paid the last tributes to my dead companions,
and hastened to the space-boat, giving the lethal
nettle a wide berth, although it looked the pic-
ture of innocence in the morning light.

  I had little difficulty with the controls, for
Stock’s description had seared itself into my
brain. I rose rapidly and soared at a low alti-
tude over the belt. As I did so, a great arm of
green seemed to reach from the heart of the for-
est and attempt to engulf the ship. I swerved,
and was lucky to avoid the menace, which I noted
had myriads of suckers on its inner surface, for
all the world like the tentacle of an octopus.

  I hastened on. Stock’s advice burned into my
mind. “Never mind the others, they must have
been killed long ago.” Yes, self-preservation
that was it: besides, if Browne had perished?
Mary? Yes, what was the use of risking my
life on a hopeless quest? I soared higher and
higher. Yes, I would leave the planet for good!

  Then came a revulsion. I must find out wheth-
er the others had perished or no. I descended
again, and made my way to the canal bank fol-
lowing its line carefully until I came to the en-
campment.

  How the spot had changed, since I had last
seen it! The water was higher and on either
bank a marsh extended, and in this marsh I saw
with horror, titanic Nepenthes, with long pnew
matophores or prop roots, and devices to enable
them to float, their huge pitchers waving hun-
grily in the air. As I watched, I noted that a
circle of these monsters surrounded a rock or
small island in the midst of the canal, their
pitchers opening and shutting spasmodically as
they waved towards it.

  And on that rock, there was a speck: a man:
my God! It was Ray Browne! He was holding
his hands to Heaven, and stamping and raving,
and laughing and cursing.

The Return!

QUICK as thought, I released a stream of liq-
uid air from the defense discharge tube, and
the Nepenthes crumpled up. Ray saw me, and
shouted. I cast him a rope, and he tied it about
his middle; with a superhuman effort I hauled
him aboard as he fainted clean away. Then I
fumbled the controls automatically and drew
away from the horrible place with an immense
acceleration . . .

  How long I flew through space without voli-
tion, I do not know: but I was recalled to my-
self by Brown who had slowly recovered, and
managed to crawl towards the larder and bring
food for the two of us.
246	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

  How changed he was! Gone was the flippant
look. His hair was white and his face was fur-
rowed. “What of the others?” I asked.

  He covered his face with his hands. “Killed.
Eaten by those monstrous plants. I was the
last. How I escaped is a miracle!” We con-
sumed the remainder of our meal in silence.
We were both worn out so, having set the auto-
stats in operation to control progress and steer-
ing, we both lay down to catch what slumber we
could.

  I slept fitfully, but Brown, despite what he
had been through, appeared to enjoy a deep rest.
When I finally awoke he was stll snoring peace-
fully, and when he at length aroused himself he
seemed to be more his old irresponsible detesta-
ble self again. His attitude towards me, too,
seemed to have suffered subtle change. Where
before, he had appeared overwhelmingly grate-
ful to me for saving him from a terrible fate, he
now spoke of the incident as though he had done
me a great honor by allowing me to rescue him,
and all my old dislike of the man began to re-
assert itself. As the voyage proceeded, his perk-
iness increased, as did my hate of the fellow.
He would persist in bringing Mary’s name into
the conversation, rubbing salt, as it were, into
my raw wound. At times I almost wished, hor-
rible though the thought was, that I had left him
to the mercy of the Nepenthes. My nerves
were getting the better of me, and his incessant
prattle didn’t improve my temper. The sooner
we reached civilization, the better.

  At length we reached the world’s atmospheric
belt. Now was the time for delicate action. Any
fool could sail a space flyer through space, but
it was an exceedingly ticklish job to make a neat
or even a safe landing, and despite Stock’s cop-
ious directions, I felt the need of a pilot badly.

  I commenced to coast in an ever decreasing
spiral, applying the wind-brakes at the same
time, and we were really doing very well. My
idea was to make a landing in the first reason-
able spot available and then to make for the
nearest port, rather than to attempt to reach
England in the vessel itself.

 We had reached a spot perhaps about ten
miles above the surface, when all of a sudden
we encountered something; an air pocket; a
shifting gravity maelstrom, or something, and
we were swept now up, now down with terrific
force. I totally lost control for a few seconds,
and when I regained it, the earth was rising tow-
ards us at a terrific rate.

  I had merely time to straighten out when we
hurtled along the surface throwing up a cloud of
dust and careering along madly for some miles
before I could bring the vessel to a stop.

  “You’re some pilot!” sneered Browne.

  I said nothing, but bottled up my rage. We
disembarked, and viewed our surroundings.

  “Durned fine place this to land,” groused
Browne. It was certainly a desolate spot. A
waterless desert as far as I could make out :
just flat dull white earth, baked dry with the
sun as far as we could see. How hot it was!
The supply of water in the space-ship was near-
ly exhausted, there was certainly not more than
a week’s supply at the most.

  “It’s clear we can’t stop here,” said Browne
jauntily. “I reckon the sooner we clear out
again, the sooner we’ll be dining at the old man-
or house again.”

  “Easier said than done,” I jerked out, irrita-
ted by his manner, “The controls are jammed,
and the auxiliary motor’s burned out.”.

  “My God!” he ejaculated, “We’re sunk!”

  “Not exactly,” I said. “We have three chances.
Finding a copious supply of water before the
week’s out, being picked up by a passing air-
plane, or caravan, or repairing the space-boat.
If none of these things happen, then we’ll die of
thirst.”

  “And all your fault too,” he wailed, “Getting
the darned thing out of control like that.”

  A glance at the damaged ship showed that its
repair was beyond our resources, at any rate in
the limited time. Our hopes then centred on the
discovery of water, and a final pick-up. Of food
we had sufficient for a long period in the tabloid
supplies aboard.' We rested in the ship during
the heat of the day, but kept a keen look out for
any passing plane or caravan. In the cool of the
evening we trekked for miles leaving a spoor be-
hind so that we could retrace our steps, but nev-
er a sign of water or vegetation could we find,
though we searched the country far and wide
with the powerful binoculars of the vessel.

  Then we tried digging, but deep though we
dug in the soft sandy earth, not a trace of the
precious fluid could we find, and our exertions,
and the powdery earth filling our throats made
us more parched and thirsty than ever.

CHAPTER IV

The Last Struggle

AT the end of the third day, the water was
low in the demijohn, and our hopes were at
zero. Worn out, I lay down to dream of peace-
ful streams, and long cool summer drinks. I
awoke to find Browne standing beside me. The
demijohn with its scanty content of priceless
liquor stood beside him, while in his hand, he
dangled my satchel with its invaluable yet here,
valueless contents. He laughed boisterously and
long.

  “So, my fine fellow,” he sneered, “You
thought to steal Mary, as you stole the radium,
eh? And it took you all your time to save me
from the man-eating plants?. Wished you
hadn’t afterwards, didn’t you? Then you could
have become a world-force with your pilfered
radium, married Mary, and settled down to ac-
cept the plaudits of the vulgar, with your clay-
feet neatly tucked out of sight in a pair of ex-
pensive brogues. Eh?”

  He took my breath away. The fellow had
stolen my thoughts.

  I caught hold of his arm, “By Jove! man, how
do you know all this?”

  His leer broadened, and he laughed again, in-
sanely. “Those who live in glass houses, er,
shouldn’t talk in their sleep.”

  So that was it! It was an old habit of mine
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	247

I knpw. From boyhood anything troubling me
deeply caused me to mutter in my sleep.

  “Well,” I said sulkily, “I do hate you, Browne.
It was you who stole Mary from me, but I did
save you, after all. If we get out of this, we’ll
halve the radium, and start fair. Let Mary
choose between us of her own free will.”

  He laughed again in that mad unnerving way.
“Quite generous, but I have other methods of
division. Here’s your radium”, he tossed me the
satchel, “For what it is worth! I’m quite content
with this,” and he fondled the demijohn, “and—
Mary!”

  I made a dart for the bottle, but he held me
off. We struggled. He held on to the demi-
john. He was weaker than I: I was gradual-
ly mastering him, overpowering him, when the
tragedy occurred. He kicked out at me with his
heavy boot, missed, and crashed his foot right
into the bottle smashing it to pieces. For a
moment I stood frozen, watching our lives eb-
bing away, as the thirsty soil lapped up the
small pool of liquor, and then I went berserk.

  All the months of hating this man: all the
bottled up jealousy, all the repressed emotion
surged into my brain and crystallised them-
selves into the one word “Kill.”

  I seized the spade we had been digging with,
and brought it down on his head, again and
again, in a very whirlwind of frenzy. I must
have killed him with the first blow for he fell
like a log, but my fury knew no bounds and
only sheer exhaustion caused me to cease my
rains of blows.

  I fell exhausted. Then and then only, did the
realization of what I had done, penetrate to my
brain. But, I was glad! How I hated him! If
he were alive, I’d kill him again. I laughed
hysterically. He had only himself to blame.
It was his life or mine. He would have left me
to die without water. But I knew deep down in
my heart, that these were excuses. I had killed
Ray Browne, because I hated him!

  All night I lay with eyes wide-open and parch-
ed mouth, staring at the broken vessel, and the
corpse, alternately cursing and praying. At in-
tervals I would look up at the firmament, and
with a curious detachment admire the beautiful
display of stars. Then my nerves would over-
come me, and I would fall to sobbing like a
child.

WITH dawn, my reason somewhat reas-
serted itself. I hauled Browne to the
hole we had dug for water, and pushed him in.
He had his satchel slung over his shoulder, and
as the body fell the bag burst open, and his
precious notes and specimens flew out scattering,
about the sides of the improvised grave. I
threw in the blood-stained shovel and the broken
bottle, and scrambled the loose earth into the
hiatus as best I could, smoothing the surface
with meticulous care. How thirsty I was!

  I shouldered my satchel and made my way to
the space-ship, collecting the log and what other
records I deemed important enough for preser-
vation. Then I laid a long fuse to the space-
ship, and blew her to atoms. Even as I did so, I

laughed at the futility of all this covering of
my tracks, for here I was in the midst of a wa-
terless desert, dying of thirst, with not one
chance in a million of being rescued.

  I laughed till my cracked lips bled: and then
with a sudden resolve, I pushed on as fast as I
could, laughing, cursing, and sobbing as I
stumbled through the sandy soil.

*	* * *

  The old lawyer paused in his reading. He
stroked his brow with his hand; gulped down a
glass of water nervously, poked up the fire,
and then recommenced the narrative.

*	* * *

  I really cannot understand it at all. These
kind people tell me I have been very ill: that I
must avoid any excitement, or I may bring about
a relapse, yet they keep plying me with a cease-
less catalogue of queries, that seem awfully
foolish to me. Not that I get excited at all
about them, for they seem too stupid for any-
thing.

  They seem to think that I have been to some
other world, Mars, I think they call it, and they
want to know all about it. Did I find any in-
habitants? What happened? How was the
space-ship wrecked? And so on and so forth,
but it’s all Greek to me.

  I rather like the bluff old Squire: he seems to
welcome me almost like a son. And his spright-
ly daughter, Miss Lowell, she seems a nice girl,
but sad, as though waiting for someone who’s
gone away: always waiting. She keeps asking
me about “Ray,” and when I think hard, and
cannot remember, she seems so upset and the
tears rise in her pretty eyes. I wish I could re-
member!

  Another thing:—I went to the window the
other day, and there was a large crowd outside.
When the villagers saw me they took off their
caps and threw them in the air, shouting and
hurrahing in a way which caused me to drop
the curtain, and recede quickly into the privacy
of the background. Then Miss Lowell came in
this morning and smilingly handed me a paper.
She pointed to a paragraph headed “Knighthood
for Knightlow?” and I read:—

  “It is rumored that in all probability Stewart
Knightlow, the intrepid explorer, and sole sur-
vivor of the ill-fated Ostwald Martian expedi-
tion, will be knighted by His Majesty, when he
has fully recovered. It will be recalled that
Mr. Knightlow was picked up, by a miraculous
stroke of luck by Mr. Philips, the famous United
States airman, who was making an attempt on
the Round-the-World record, right in the heart
of the Sahara desert, in the midst of a sand-
storm. It is greatly to be regretted that Mr.
Knightlow seems to have lost his memory com-
pletely, although it is hoped that this aberration
will be only temporary. As we explained, how-
ever, in our earlier editions, there seems little
hope that any other members of the party can
have survived, as the planes of all civilized na-
tions have scoured the desert incessantly since
Mr. Knightlow’s rescue, and the only result has
been the discovery of fragments of the space-
ship. It is assumed that Mr. Knightlow escaped
248	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

by using a parachute before the ship, for some
reason, exploded, but if, as is hoped, the gallant
gentleman recovers his memory, we may learn
much. From the records of the expedition
which Mr. Knightlow had about him, it appears
clear that Mars is both uninhabited and unin-
habitable but Dr. Dakin, the celebrated scientist
who has made an examination of the specimens
of soil found in Mr. Knightlow’s satchel states
that these contain considerable quantities of ra-
dium and similar substances, and the satchel
has consequently been placed for safety in the
vaults of the Bank of England.”

  “Very interesting,” I said politely, “but my
dear young lady, I don’t for the life of me,
see how this affects me.”

  A shade crossed her face. “I thought perhaps
this would help you to remember. You are
Stewart Knightlow.”

  “Stewart Knightlow,” I repeated the name.
Yes, it did seem familiar someway, so did the
mention of radium, but that was all. I tried
hard to recall more, but the more I tried to re-
call, the more elusive seemed the facts. Miss
Lowell sighed and brought me over a photograph
of a man. He was a youngish chap in a rather
loud check suit, and a perky air; and the por-
trait was signed “With love, Ray.”

  “Don’t you remember Ray?" asked the girl.
“Never saw this chap in my life!” I said
bluntly. She sighed again and put down the
photograph sadly.

A Fabulous Treasure

SOMEHOW I felt sorry for her: she seemed
to dote so on this young man. “Never mind,”
I said gently, “I’m sure to remember some day,”
and patted her shoulder tenderly.

  Then the old squire came in and congratulated
me boisterously. “You certainly deserve all the
honors the Old Country can shower on you, my
lad. Course, I always knew you had it in you.
Bad job about the others, though! Still, the
far flung battle-line an’ all that you know!
Martyrs in the name of progress! Ever thus,
my boy: have a benedictine?”

  And so on and so forth. It was all very em-
barrassing to me, particularly as I could not for
the life of me remember a thing about my past
life, or about the terrific adventures I was sup-
posed to have taken part in. I was examined
by the leading physicians and surgeons of the
day: psycho-analysts had a go at me, but all
to no purpose: as far as I was concerned, my
life started when I awoke in the manor house
with the charming Miss Lowell bending tenderly
over me.

  As time passed, I grew stronger in body and
began to get about the countryside. Wherever I
went admiring crowds would cheer. Even if I
went to a neighboring town, somehow the citi-
zens seem to have been apprised of my arrival,
and I would find myself the cynosure of a de-
lighted crowd. Children coming out of school
would whoop with delight at the sight of me,
and ragged urchins would nudge one another,
and whisper in an awed voice, “That’s ’im as
’as bin ter Mars an’ back.”

  We were invited to functions, banquets and
parties by the hundred, for the gentry soon
found that I would not attend any of their en-
tertainments without my host and hostess ac-
companying me. My photograph blazed forth
from every shop window; I was the theme of a
popular song; hats, drinks, soaps and matches
were named after me; and even Mr. Tussaud
called upon me for the purpose of securing my
permission to display my effigy in his famous
waxwork.

  Then came the crowning glory, when His
Majesty created me a baronet. The old-world
pomp rather disconcerted me but the King him-
self put me at ease in a moment, with his tact-
ful democratic manner, and complimented me
with such sincerity on my achievements, that I
felt mortally ashamed I could not remember
anything about them. After that, the foreign
powers vied with one another in bestowing their
decorations while the municipalities showered
the freedom of their cities upon me.

  More interesting than all this ceremony, how-
ever, was the visit of Dr. Dakin with reference to
the contents of my satchel. He informed me
that inside the curious red clay balls he had
found almost pure radium, which I gathered is
an almost priceless substance. It is much sought
after since it is invaluable for many purposes,
particularly in therapeutics. Dr. Daldn informed
me that he calculated there was more radium in
the satchel than hitherto had been isolated in
the whole world, he also stated that there were
likely to be international complications as to the
rights of ownership.

  As the expedition was German, the German
government had already been inquiring as to the
satchel’s content: it was more than likely, he
thought, that an international commission would
be convened to inquire into the whole matter,
particularly as there was a world shortage of
radio-active materials for prophylactic purposes.

  On the other hand, advised the Doctor, there
was also, in view of the fabulous value of the
consignment, my own personal interest to be
considered.

  “After all,” he said, “possession is nine points
of the law, and you were certainly and indis-
putably in possession when you were rescued.
Of course every nation has some rights in the
matter of treasure trove, but I believe you have a
good case for claiming the lot, in this particu-
lar instance, as no nation has any law governing
what happens in another planet. I should ad-
vise you to engage counsel to look after your in-
terests right away.” I thanked the doctor for
his advice, and the subject was dropped, as
Mary, that is, Miss Lowell, entered to announce
that dinner was being served.

  When the doctor had taken his leave, I took
my friends into my confidence, informing them
of what Dr. Dakin had advised. The bluff old
squire was a trifle contemptuous of the clay
balls: he couldn’t bring himself to believe that
they were worth a million times their weight in
gold: while as for engaging counsel, “Steer clear
o’ the law, my boy, whatever you do, else those
wily lawyers will possess the satchel before you
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	249

can say Jack Robinson,” he advised with brusque
cynicism.

  Miss Lowell saw in the contents of the satchel
a fragrant romance. “I can see Ray and you,
laboring hard, collecting this material, so that
you might alleviate the sufferings of humanity
on your return. Poor Ray,” and she burst out
weeping.

AS Dr. Dakin had prophesied, an International
Commission was appointed to inquire into
the disposal of the radium. Palatial quarters
were taken in the Strand, and a battalion of
counsel, a corps of solicitors, and a whole army
of stenographers were engaged. Day after day,
week after week, month after month the foren-
sic battle raged, without any of the combatants
flagging. Legal reputations were made by the
score, but while lawyers wrangled, hundreds of
poor devils were dying of cancer when they
might have been saved by the use of the contents
of the satchel.

  The ownership of the satchel had become a
cause celebre of the first magnitude. Contrary to
the squire’s advice, I had engaged counsel to
look after my interests, and at length, fearing
that the legal war would continue interminably,
I had him draw up a document waiving my
rights of ownership, on consideration that the
whole of the radium was immediately distri-
buted in equitable proportions throughout every
institution capable of using it, in the interests
of humanity throughout the whole world. All
that I reserved for myself was a pension of
£2,000 per year, to be contributed by all na-
tions. When this document was presented, and
its contents known to the public, it received the
highest acclamation. My name was honored
even more than before, but the Commission and
its camp-followers were ill-pleased. Just when
they had got warmed up to their work, and
climatised to a soft life which gave every promise
of continuing for years, to be told peremptori-
ly to close down, and get out, was a bit thick.

  “What,” asked one famous K. C., “has this fel-
low Knightlow got to do with it, anyway?” and
fresh legal quibbles were advanced with a view
to continuing the struggle further.

  But public opinion is always stronger than
any faction and, in the end, the presidents and
premiers of the nations met together for a pri-
vate conclave, and the dilatory commission was
ignominiously sacked. My terms were accepted
in their entirety, with the solitary exception that
it was unanimously agreed that the amount of
my pension should be increased tenfold.

  While all this excitement had been proceeding,
the Squire and Miss Lowell had been my con-
stant companions. As the weeks passed, the girl
seemed to think less and less of the missing
“Ray.” She was a pretty girl, though her grief
seemed to have aged her beyond her years. I
was really sorry for her, and having conducted
this big business of the radium, set out trying
to distract her mind from unpleasant memories.

  We went about everywhere together, while
old Squire Lowell nodded approvingly. But
what’s the use of relating all this when you can

guess for yourself. Before the next Christmas,
I was head over heels in love with Mary Lowell
and by the Spring Mary was Lady Knightlow.
I could tell, though in her heart of hearts she still
loved the cheeky looking youngster in the check
suit.

CHAPTER V.

Tragedy Again!

Nevertheless, i was the happiest man
alive. We buried ourselves in the heart of
the country, I playing the part of the old Eng-
lish Squire to the best of my ability, and Mary
the role of Lady Bountiful to perfection. Here
our son was born, and grew in stature and in
mischief from year to year. At the age of eight,
he was the madcap of the neighborhood, climb-
ing trees, scaling crags and jumping hedges in a
manner that was his mother’s despair and my
secret delight. As I looked at young Duncan,
straight and supple as an arrow, I thought of
him as Sir Duncan Knightlow, carrying on the
tradition of the name, when his mother and I
had long gone to our rest.

  Of course, it must not be thought that I man-
aged to evade publicity or the cares of business
altogether. Company after company sought me
out to act as director: many of them I never saw,
but my fees were paid regularly by post. I was
really interested however, in many branches of
activity, among them being a colossal scheme for
irrigating and rendering fertile a large tract of
the Sahara. It seemed such a romantic project,
that I had sunk most of my spare capital (not
a huge sum as these things go) in the company
and had even promised Mainwaring, the chair-
man, that I would take a trip to the site when
operations began.

  The mention of my name in connection with
the new company had focussed public attention
on the scheme, and the shares were all oversub-
scribed. This worried me a little for, after all,
all such hazardous enterprises are a gamble, and
it troubled me to think of people who could ill
afford it losing their money.

  That night I could not rest at all well: my
fitful periods of slumber were haunted with
strange horrible dreams of things I did not un-
derstand. I tossed from side to side, and lay
for long periods awake. Towards morning I fell
into a deep, more natural sleep, and was startled
on awakening to find that it was nine o’clock.
On coming down to breakfast, there was no sign
of Mary, and on questioning the servants, I
learned that she had arisen very early, hastily
thrown on a coat and hat and gone out, appar-
ently very agitated.

  Puzzled but not really alarmed, I rang up
Squire Lowell at the manor house. No, Mary
had not arrived there: nor had he sent her any
message. Well, perhaps one of her proteges
in the hamlet was ill, I would go and see.

  I scrambled into my ulster, grabbed my hat,
and made for the door, but even as I did so, I
saw coming up the motor drive a tragic little
procession. A group of villagers carried the
250	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

limp form of a woman, whose clothing was drip-
ping water at every step they took.

  It was Mary. I hurried out and seized her in
my arms, carried her to a settee, and laid her
down. How quiet and still she looked, and what
a fixed gaze of horror marred her features. The
servants had phoned for medical aid and Ven-
ables, the butler, and I tried artificial respira-
tion. Once I thought we were successful for
Mary seemed to breathe, and opened her eyes
and momentarily looked at me, only to look
away with a horrified glance, as though I were
some venomous reptile.

  The doctors labored long and unsparingly, but
it was not to be: my Mary had gone from me
forever.

  In the bleak days that followed only the
thought of young Duncan bucked me up: had it
not been for the boy, I should have sought for-
getfulness in the river, too. There was an in-
quest, of course, but the inquiry revealed no rea-
son why my dear wife should take her life. The
servants testified to our mutual devotion, and to
the sunny temperament of Lady Knightlow: only
the night before they had noted that she was in a
particularly happy frame of mind. To myself,
the mystery was even more complete, for I knew
that as the years had passed Mary had forgot-
ten Ray Browne completely, and had grown real-
ly to love me.

  Six empty months I spent in melancholy re-
trospection tending her grave, and seeking solace
in solitude, the one bright ray in my darkened
life being my love for my boy, who was growing
daily more like his mother. My step had lost
its springiness, my shoulders drooped: I ex-
isted rather than lived.

  At the end of the six months, I was but a
wraith of my former self. My doctors implored
me to get away: a long sea voyage, an aerial
trip, anything involving change; or, they hinted
darkly, they would not be responsible for my
sanity.

1WAS loath to leave, and yet I knew that in
justice to my boy, I must keep a stiff upper
lip, and make every effort to keep my mind in
health. While I was cogitating, who should
come along but Mainwaring, the chairman of the
Sahara Irrigation Company. Opulent, corpu-
lent and content, he was shocked by my haggard
features and sorry frame, and in his masterful
way, before I well knew what he was doing, he
had arranged for Duncan and myself to accom-
pany him on a long cruise in his yacht, ending
with an inspection of the Sahara works.

  To Duncan, whose taste in literature had
reached the “pirate” stage, such a proposal was
a glimpse of Heaven, and between the fat old
company promoter, and my wheedling young
imp, I hadn’t a leg to stand on, nor a heart to
refuse.

  Even the hundred and one preparations for
the trip served to restore my mental balance
somewhat, and by the time we were sailing
around the coast of Spain, I felt more my own
self again. Duncan, I noted with extreme plea-
sure, was thriving immensely with the salt air

and the tropic breeze. Tanned and fit, the young
beggar seemed to have the energy of fifty folk.
At Tunis we lay at anchor in the harbor, and
bargained with hefty natives in bright costumes
for native nick-nacks: at Cairo we stole ashore,
and great was Duncan’s delight to walk with me
through the streets made famous in story and
fable. It was in the upper reaches of the Nile
that Duncan, the young scamp, learned how to
climb the tall date palms with a wisp of rope,
and how he delighted in the accomplishment.

  In the meanwhile, Mainwaring had been in-
teresting me mightily in his account of the work
proceeding in the Sahara. A reasonably large
tract of land had already been placed under
cultivation, and very good results had been ob-
tained. The idea was simple. A research worker
had discovered that some miles below the sur-
face of the desert, a large underground lake was
indicated.

  At first he had been laughed at for his pains,
but Mainwaring had given the young investiga-
tor a hearing with the result that experimental
borings justified the claims made. Actuated by
internal osmotic pressure, the water had sim-
ply gushed out. It was then that Mainwaring
conceived the idea of drilling several of these
super-artesian wells, and irrigating hundreds of
square miles of the desert by an elaborate sparg-
ing system, the poor soil of the desert being re-
inforced with tons of mineral fertilizers.

  I had become so interested that I was simply
itching to view this curious plant, and when we
headed about, and made our way to Murzuk at
the edge of the desert, I was nearly as enthusi-
astic an adventurer as Duncan.

  But, could this be the awful desert of which
we had heard so many harrowing tales? Sure-
ly not, for it was a veritable Eden of luscious
fruit-trees, and graceful maize: tall sugar canes,
and squat banana trees. The giant sparging
pumps threw the water in the form of a mist all
around, and as the droplets fell they sank into
the earth, or collected in trenches that inter-
sected one another as far as the eye could
reach.

  Mainwaring conducted us to his quarters which
were wonderfully cool and comfortable, and tired
out with our exertions we were soon sleeping
peacefully.

A Honey Grove

E ARLY next morning we were astir, and a
fruit breakfast over, we were soon on a tour
of inspection. One day followed another, and
we lived the simple life in sheer enjoyment.
Duncan had made friends with some of the over-
seers, and they were never tired of answering
his endless questions, showing him all the novel-
ties of the groves, or admiring his prowess in
climbing the stately palms with the aid of a
wisp of rope. Everyone seemed to love the boy
and, after the first few days, I felt quite confi-
dent in letting him roam about at will, for I
could not see how he could possibly come to
any harm.

A new boring had lately been sunk to the
THE MARTIAN NEMESIS	251

south of the present plantation, and the water
was gushing up in millions of gallons and run-
ning largely to waste, for the sparging appa-
ratus had not been completed in time. How-
ever, this had now been got ready, and day
after day I watched the engineers grappling
with the immense task they had set themselves.
One day, while Mainwaring and I were poring
over some blue-prints of a suggested improved
sparging plant, Duncan came in quite excited.

  “Say, Dad, what d’you think I’ve found? The
funniest clump of trees all growing alone in the
desert, just like a giant’s grave, miles away
from the plantation?”

  “Miles, Duncan?”

  “Well, perhaps not miles, but a quarter of a
mile, at least.”

  “All right, I’ll look at ’em sometime, Sonny.
But run away and play: Mr. Mainwaring and I
are busy just now.” Duncan obeyed but I could
see that he was full of his discovery.

  I was more deeply interested in this scheme
than anything I remember, and there seemed to
me that several fundamental improvements
might be introduced into the modus operandi, so
for days I was closeted with Mainwaring figur-
ing out plans, and dreaming constructional pos-
sibilities.

  I had forgotten all about Duncan’s discovery,
but one day, he brought me a pot of viscid liquid,
in a state of great excitement.

  “Oh Dad! you know those trees I told you of?
Well, I found this stuff on one of them today,
and Paley says it’s ‘wild honey,’ and there must
be a real live wild bee-hive among the trees!"

  I tasted the stuff: yes it was a kind of honey,
but it had a peculiar flavor: somehow I had an
idea that I had tasted it before, but rack my
brains as I could, I couldn’t for the life of me
recall where.

  “An’ tomorrow, Dad,” continued Duncan,
“Paley and I are going to see if we can find that
bee-hive.”

  “All right, my boy, but you’ll have to watch
you don’t get stung!” I said lightly, for I didn’t
attach much importance to the incident. I had
every confidence in Paley, the old caretaker,
who loved the boy, as though Duncan had been
his own child.

  For some days Mainwaring and I had been
planning to fly to the west coast, to have some
new experiments made in the towns there. My
first impulse was to take Duncan along with us,
but the young madcap registered such strong
disapproval, and seem so safe and happy where
he was, that I left him in the keeping of old
Paley.

  We visited one after another of the mean
towns of the coast, and the best part of our days
was consumed «re we had done our work, and
made our way back to the plantation.

  It was getting rather late in the evening, but
it was funny Duncan wasn’t waiting for us: and
what was the matter with everybody, the ser-
vants were shuffing along in deep dejection?
“Hullo Paley,” I shouted to the old caretaker
as I saw him hastening along, “Where’s the boy?”

  The old servant hung his head. Then he fell

at my feet moaning. “He’s gone, Sir Stewart,
disappeared completely. We’ve searched the
plantation, we’ve searched the desert, but we
cannot find a trace of the boy.”

  I shook the old man in a frenzy. “And I left
my boy, my all, in your care, you—.”

  “Don’t reproach me, Sir, I would willingly die,
if I could bring him back.”

  “Bring him back? Then you think he is dead?”
“I, I—don’t know. We’ve beaten the planta-
tion for days, and the surrounding deserts, but
we can’t find a trace of him. We were going,
he and I, in quest of the wild bees, and I found I
had some jobs to do I had overlooked. When I
came for him, he’d vanished. I thought he had
gone to the tree, but we have searched all round
it and cannot find anything but his footsteps.
Of course, he had been there several times be-
fore.”

  The night had come on, sudden and black, but
with torchlights we combed the plantation and
the surrounding desert yelling and shouting as
we went. But it seemed as if the earth had
swallowed up my boy.

AS the day broke, we halted, weary and dis-
pirited. Two hundred yards away, the
clump of curious vegetation Duncan had discov-
ered stood like an ugly blot. I left the others
resting, and approached it, not with any thought
of hope in my heart, but just, I suppose, be-
cause I was curious to see what had so in-
terested my poor boy.

  It was certainly a very strange collection. I
never remembered seeing any of the plants be-
fore, even in a botanical garden, of such a
strange aspect were they. Yet at the back of
my mind, I had a strange feeling of familiarity
with them, for which I could not account. The
clump seemed sinister: “like a giant’s grave,” I
thought of Duncan’s quaint fancy.

  Tough leathery creepers wound round stubby
exotic ferns, and in the centre a huge growth
dominating the rest towered twenty feet or more
in the air. Its thick stem reminded me of the
body of a python, as it rose with a squirming
curve in the air, terminating in two huge leaves,
like elephant ears, that seemed to be fused to-
gether. Down the stem I noticed a thick fluid
gently flowing.

  “Ugh, so this was Duncan’s honey tree! It is
eerie, true, but how could it possibly be connected
with his disappearance?” Then my eye lit on
something which caused me to shiver with cold
apprehension. It was the short section of rope
which Duncan used in his tree-climbing perform-
ances, and it was lying at the foot of the hide-
ous growth, as though he had dropped it. And
as I looked I saw on the slippery trunk, the
marks of my boy’s heels as he had climbed the
stem, holding the short piece of rope around it,
evidently searching for the source of the honey.
My eyes followed the vague footprints until I
beheld the fused leaves and there, oh horror,
dangling through the juncture of the leaves, was
Duncan’s watch held by its chain.

  Then, and then only came back my memory
like an overwhelming flash.

(Continued on Page 261)
Came

by Edsel Newton

^JpT	^ration » Uarchioni) .

    Over the scream of the motors we heard the shrieks and screams, but they were of despair.
The wobbling mass of stuff was conquering and obliterating the city below.

                                       252
THE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME

I WAS boarding the Golondrina of the Inter-
national Lines.

She was the latest thing in transoceanic air-

Elanes. From the end of her nose to the tip of
er rudder she was built for speed. Her ten
great motors of a thousand horsepower reflected
each shining part under the glare of the sunlight.
Her transparent wing, three hundred feet long,
reached out as a challenge to the sky that she
had conquered, the upper
strata where she had broken
all passenger records. In
1942 there were few records
to be broken.

*	* *

  I boarded her at the Grand
Central Terminal at Los Ange-
les fifteen minutes before she
lifted off for Valparaiso,

Chile. Two hours before that
time when I had turned from
the police station into the of-
fice of the Daily Bulletin where
I was a reporter, I was sud-
denly conscious of the fact
that all eyes were turned my
way. That much I remem-
bered as I entered the editor-
ial room. Spencer, the city
editor, was on his feet, sud-
denly, smiling as if elated at
my arrival. The
staff had fol-
lowed him to
surround m e,
firing questions
faster than I
could answer
them.

 “You knew
Creel, didn’t
you?”

 “You’re a
helluva report-
er to hide a
story like
that!”

  “Shut up!”
bawled Spen-
cer. “I’ve got
to have all the
facts about
Holden’s mur-
der. Now out
with it, Ed-
wards!”

  I recall hav-
ing taken Spencer to the little conference room
outside the realm of the editorial staff. Here
I was forced by that self-possessed worthy to dis-
close what I knew of the murder of young Dale
Holden whom, six months before, I had found
dead in his chemical laboratory. For purely per-
sonal reasons I had kept what I knew as a secret,
and consequently had lost my bi<r chance of be-
coming star reporter on the Bulletin.

  It had been in the fall of 1943—the fifteenth
of September to be exact—that Dale Holden dis-

253

covered that strange chemical formula now
known to the world as "multiple”. Years of re-
search and hard work were back of the discovery
of this strange substance whose elements, when
united with another, caused the resulting crea-
tion to grow at a rate faster than the eye could
see—a spongy, Jelly-like growth that filled test
cylinders almost before the young chemist could
seal them.

  Holden had called me in to
view his triumph, the advan-
tages of which I could read-
ily understand. A few drops
of the strange stuff placed in
a large room would grow un-
til the room was filled! It
could be used as a terrible
agent of war!

   I told Holden that I was go-
ing to make this the biggest
story of the year. Smiling he
asked me to wait until that
afternoon when he could have
Diane there—Diane who was
his fiancee, who had hung
around the shop until she be-
came a fixture. That she had
inspired him to finish his
work I knew. I believe every
tenth word of Dale’s was in
reference to Diane Nordham.

  I suggested
calling at the
Nordham home
on my return
from luncheon
and bringing
Diane t o the
laboratory
where I was to
take some pic-
tures of the
two. Dale
consented t o
this and I hur-
r i e d through
the noonday
meal with vis-
ions of a ban-
ner line story.
It was that de-
cision of Hold-
en to have
Diane there
that is the ex-
cuse for this
story.

  I drove to the Nordham mansion out in Bev-
erly where Diane greeted me, in that sisterly
way of her’s and together we returned to Hold-
en’s laboratory. I opened the door and gently
pushed Diane into the room ahead of me. But
she stepped back with a terrifying scream that
rent the air and brought dozens of people to the
door. I looked inside. Dale lay upon the floor,
face upward, with a small test tube in his mouth,
held there securely with ordinary friction tape.
When I reached his side I knew he was dead.

EDSEL NEWTON

THERE are many ways to kill a cat—and many ways
for one to gain his end in this world of modern
science. The recent mysterious death-dealing fogs
that swept over Belgium, France and England will pro-
bably turn out to be only queer manifestations of natural
forces—yet they could just as well have been caused by
human agencies. Where people live closely together it
becomes all to easy for some anti-social forces to spread
death and destruction.

     “Multiple” is something new in the category of chem-
 istry; yet there is nothing about it that may not prove pos-
 sible. If a chemical substance were invented that could
 absorb oxygen into itself, it could become almost like a
 miraculously growing organism—it could divide and sub-
 divide and increase its dimensions enormously. This sub-
 stance then could become a great menace to any locality
 in which it was placed. Mr. Newton gives us, as usual,
 one of his human and exciting stories of a scientific won-
 der.
254	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

MY first thought was for Diane. I sent her
home in a taxi and then I telephoned the
police. While they were on their way, I took a
chance on removing the test tube from Dale’s
lips. It was then I discovered that “multiple”
had not been the cause of his death, for the tube
had been filled with a strange acid.

  A strange horror filled me—not at the realiza-
tion of death alone, but a possible murder. Cold
sweat stood out all over me. I wanted to run,
to get as far away from the scene as possible.
But I took the tube, wrapped it in tissue, and
placed it in my pocket. Then I looked about the
room.

  Upon first glance I saw nothing unusual. All
the instruments and apparatus were left as they
had been two hours before when Dale had told
me of his victory. The rear door was still lock-
ed securely, the anteroom and office had not
been disturbed. I glanced at the cylinders—

  Where two hours before they had been filled
with that strange substance, now they held only
a colorless liquid!

  I removed the seal from one of them and smell-
ed the contents. It was the same acid-smell that
came from the test tube between Dale’s lips! It
began to grow. I closed the lid. The absence
of oxygen had returned the spongy growth into
its original elements.

  A police ambulance always hurries the body
of a dead man away from the scene of his death.
I was so upset that I could not have written the
story at the time, even though I was the only re-
porter in the city who knew the truth about the
chemicals. That Dale had been murdered I
was not sure, although suicide was hardly with-
in reason. I wrote the story tersely as a “mys-
tery death” and left it for the police until I could
see Dale’s father and find if anything had sud-
denly transpired that could have caused Dale
to end his life.

  The old man was pretty badly shaken by the
news. I told him as quickly as possible how I
had found his son in the laboratory, my exper-
ience with “multiple”, and of Diane having gone
there with me to make pictures of herself and
Dale for the Bulletin.

  Mr. Holden was speechless for several min-
utes. When he did regain his voice he spoke be-
tween sobs and his houlders shook convulsively.

  “It’s the woman—Diane Nordham,” he said.
“After all these years of waiting to see my son
successful she has killed him.”

  “Why, that can’t be!” I almost shouted. “Diane
loved Dale. She meant everything to him.”

  “Everything,” he agreed,” but Creel—Creel
—” his voice stopped suddenly. His body went
limp. He collapsed before I could reach him.

  I tried to bring him around with cold applica-
tions, but it was useless. He lay cold and life-
less and by the time the police ambulance came
I knew there would be two inquests held the
next morning.

  I’ll never forget Diane, stunned and horrified,
as she told the coroner’s jury of how we found
Dale’s body in the laboratory. None of us knew
any possible reason for murder, save a far-
fetched clue that lingered on my own mind. So

the jury rendered a verdict of suicide, and sus-
picious eyes were turned upon Diane.

Pn the Trail of “Multiple”

I TOOK her home and left her, wondering why
the jury had been so ready to turn accusing
ing fingers upon Diane. As she was in no con-
dition to talk, I went back to the office of the
Bulletin and wrote a half column about the find-
ings of the coroner’s jury and covered the past
few years during which Dale had made so many
experiments. Though I had seen this man Creel
only once, I could hardly connect him with Dale’s
death. I never knew his business, nor his na-
tionality. He was a man of the world and a good
mixer, often included, so I heard, in Diane’s par-
ties.

  Two days later I called at the Nordham home
to find Diane looking much better and ready to
receive me. It was then that I brought up the
subject of Creel’s entry into Beverly society, not
implying of course that he might have had some-
thing to do with the death of young Holden.
Diane had met him on a plane coming up from
Tokyo.

  I continued to refer to him throughout our con-
versation, wondering if my hints would lead
Diane to connect him with Dale’s death. At last
she caught my meaning. She sat there in her
chair as if frozen for several minutes. Then she
told me calmly.

  “I remember he was always curious about
Dale’s experiments. I think that is how we met
—when I told the pilot-captain of the Oceanica of
his idea for ‘multiple’. I suppose I was a blab-
bing fool. Creel and I were introduced an hour
later, and during the remainder of the flight he
kept at my side, always talking science. When
we landed the next morning he insisted on com-
ing to see us. He came, and I introduced him to
Dale.

  “Dale wasn’t friendly with him, but Creel
didn’t seem to resent it. He was here that morn-
ing when Dale telephoned and told me of his suc-
cess. In my excitement I must have said some-
thing to Creel. He left an hour before you came.
None of us have seen him since.”

  That was all Diane knew.

  I found Creel’s former address and tried to
compare the fingerprints on the test tube with
those on the furniture about the room. But as it
was a hotel room and had been occupied again,
my efforts were useless.

  I went to the city chemist who had analysed
the liquid substance found in Dale’s lungs. It
was not “multiple”, or it would have grown
again. I had decided the day before that the
stuff which killed the young chemist had either
been decomposed or deprived of its growing pro-
perties.

  Here was a big story, but I was powerless to
“break” it to the world. Diane’s only living rela-
tive was her mother, old and delicate. To have
brought her daughter into this terrible mess
would have killed the dear old lady.

  Disliking “dead” reporters as I do, I was pow-
erless. As far as I was concerned the incident
JHE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME	255

was closed. I told Diane as much, and grate-
fully she agreed with me.

  During the ensuing weeks I saw her often at
her home where she remained unhappy and mis-
erable, but bearing up because of her mother.
Then ten days before Spencer called me into the
office and demanded all the facts, Mrs. Nordham
died.

  I had been to the funeral and had called to
see Diane several times during the next five days.
On the sixth she had disappeared.

    PENCER told me the rest of the story a few
minute before he ordered me to board the
big new plane for Valpardiso. He had a wire-
less from Diane in his hand, and I read it:
REPORTER EDWARDS FREE TO
TELL ENTIRE STORY STOP HAVE
LOCATED CREEL WHO KILLED
DALE HOLDEN
“Why didn’t you send the message to me?” I
demanded.

  Spencer stamped a cigaret into the floor.

  “I figured she knew something more than had
been disclosed. Upon the death of her mother
I sent one of the boys out to interview her. He
got nothing. She would talk to no one but you,
and you were chasing down that story about a
conquest of the world by the Black Legion. Be-
fore you returned she left for Valparaiso. I
can’t understand why she went so far away be-
fore coming through with the story. I answered
her radiogram this morning.”

  “Perhaps she wasn’t sure of herself,” I sug-
gested. “It’s all a mystery to me.”

  Spencer scoffed. “Mystery, Hell! Creel
stole that formula! No one has been able to
tell what came of it.”

  “No one knew,” I answered. “Even you did
not know of it until this minute. The laboratory
has been locked since his death, and I buried
those cylinders which were filled with ‘multi-
ple.’ ”

  “Why?” he demanded hotly.

  “The stuff’s dangerous,” I replied. “No one
knows what would come of it if some greenhorn
broke the seal. It might grow to enormous pro-
portions—fill the entire city.”

  “Holy cats!” he gasped.

  “I acted upon an impulse,” I nodded, “but it
was the only thing I could do. Now that I am
free to talk I’ll give you the cylinders and—”
“Just tell me where they are and I’ll send for
them and protect them. You’re off for Valpar-
aiso on the next plane— You have thirty min-
utes to get ready.” He pushed the latest edi-
tion of the Bulletin into my hands. “Read this on
your way to Chile.”

*	* *

  Thus I found myself aboard the new liner at the
Grand Central Terminal dressed in a one-
piece linen suit, unshaven and hungry, with only
a portable electro-typewriter to keep me com-
pany in the cabin which had been hurriedly re-
served for me. I sought the seclusion of the cab-
in to think over the situation, and the more it
turned over in my mind the more convinced was
I was Creel had stolen the formula for the mak-
ing of “multiple”.

  Anyone might have stolen it, but this man had
killed Dale Holden in order to gain possession of
it. Dale’s father had been ready to disclose facts
which might have jailed Creel, but he had died
with the story on his lips. And now, in far away
Chile, Diane was on the trail of the mystery.

  The big airliner, the latest thing in transocean-
ic planes, lifted from the airport and pointed her
nose to the southeast. I looked through the port-
hole down upon the city, already ten thousand
feet below. We were off for Valparaiso, two
hundred miles per hour, with a possible tail
wind pushing us onward across the western side
of Mexico and into the tropics.

CHAPTER II
Vandalism

DURING the three hours that passed before
dusk fell upon the earth below and an envel-
oping haze became our path through the sky, I
remained in the cabin reading an account of how
the crew of a small yacht had been driven ashore
in Valparaiso harbor by a strange spongy growth
which had stopped only when it had begun to
roll over the side of the tiny vessel.

  It was an “A.P.” story, well written and to the
point; but, because the writer had been unfam-
iliar with chemistry, he had not brought that ele-
ment into the possible solution of the mystery.
Instead he had concluded that the growth was
of a strange marine phenomenon It had been
left for Spencer to connect the story with my
own—half an hour before I boarded the plane.

  I took a turn through the saloon, before order-
ing dinner, and looked over the passengers. They
were a mixed lot—English, Spanish and French;
the population of the world has now become so
mixed that the most patriotic citizen of one land
may spend his life in another, which is possible
only because war has been outlawed. The peo-
ple of different nationalities constitute “orders”
so to speak. That is to say the French are clan-
nish among themselves, as are the English and
the Nordics, although assimilation is quickly
blending them into one magnificent race.

  Having so much to think about, I went back
to my cabin and sat in the wicker chair by the
port hole, my eyes fixed on the tips of the great
wings as they cut through the slight mist fifteen
thousand feet up.

  The motors and the wind gave forth a weird
scream not unlike the siren of a police patrol.
Together with the fantastic array of clouds be-
low us, this was an experience of which no one
could tire. It was ecstatic, thrilling, to be a part
of the great things which had come—the radio-
vision motion pictures now showing in the saloon,
the telephone at my side which would connect
me with any point in the world, infallible com-
pressed-gas motors on the wings of this great
mogul of the air which bore us on to Valparaiso
without a stop.

  All these wonderful steps to an ideal civiliza-
tion had come only through the creative efforts
of man as opposed to the destructive. The in-
telligence which built these machines and dis-
covered the laws governing their use, the timely
256	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

grasp of the great principles to daily life, had
wrought this new era, this civilization which was
so secure that it could not die. War only a hor-
rid thought—efficiency the watchword of the
people—Self-conquest the creed of the learned.
Life indeed was wonderful!

*	# *

  I was about to doze as I sat there in the cool
draught from the port hole when I suddenly
thought of the telephone. I decided that it
would be proper to get into communication with
Diane and arrange for a meeting as soon as I
landed. The operator-navigator connected me
with Valparaiso, and then the hotel where Diane
was staying. Then minutes after I called she
was telling me of her reason for going to Chile.

  "I learned through a small package which I
received in the mail that he was here,” she ex-
plained. “It contained a small bottle which I
opened in the bathroom at my home. The bot-
tle was filled with ‘multiple’. I threw it into the
bath tub. It began to grow. I swept it into the
outlet and it filled the pipe, stopping it up. Then
I covered it with water which stopped the oxygen
supply, and I suppose it’s still there. I had to
hurry here—I’m the only one who really knows
Creel. But I’m glad you’re on your way. I’ll
meet you at the airport at Vina Del Mar. You
may—”

  That was the end of our conversation. It end-
ed with an abrupt click. I knew not why. Fran-
tic, I called the operator aboard the plane and
he tried to renew the connection, but to no avail.
He came to the cabin greatly annoyed; he could
not explain his failure to make the connection.
He had inspected the entire apparatus and found
it in perfect order. I suggested the aerial.

  “It’s a counterpoise aerial—on top of the cab-
in,” he explained. “It is secured by several con-
nections. Nothing could happen to it, surely.”

“Suppose we take a look,” I said significantly.

  He nodded and I followed him out through the
control room, past the silent pilot-mate who had
a contemplative eye on his instruments before
him. We climbed the ladder and up behind the
wind deflector on top. One glance told us what
had happened—the aerial had been cut away in
its entirety!

HE operator was as shocked as I.
“Vandalism!” he shouted over the scream of
the wind and motors.

  Discussion could not help the situation. We
hurried down the ladder into the control room.
I asked the pilot-mate if any one had passed
through and gone up the ladder, the only way
of reaching the top side from the saloon. He
shook his head, too busy to talk, and continued
with his task of setting the stabilizer down. The
operator motioned me away, and I followed him
down into the saloon where pilot-captain Ben-
ton and several passengers were wondering at
th^ abrupt cessation of the radio-vision motion
picture.

  “The aerial we use for the instruments is in-
side the fuselage,” the operator explained.
“If I made your connection through it we would
disturb the pilot.”

  “The connection isn’t so important,” I said.
“You want to know why the aerial disappeared.”

   The pleasant pilot-captain followed us into the
operator’s room where we told him of what had
happened. Needless to say he was much dis-
turbed. He asked us not to mention the incident
to the passengers, and he started investigating.
But nothing came of his two-hour search of the
great plane.

  The captain then ordered all passengers to
their respective cabins. Then he sat down be-
fore me and started asking question about my
conversation with Diane. I told him the entire
story, much as I hated to. He was more dis-
turbed than ever, and we talked of the possibili-
ties until early in the morning hours, when I fin-
ally sought my berth.

   I do not know how long I slept. In spite of all
that had happened I dozed off under the lullaby
of the screaming wind and motors, unthinking of
safety—my own and that of my two hundred fel-
low passengers.

  I remember having left the port hole open,
much because we would soon pass through the
hot tropical current even though at our alti-
tude.

  I was suddenly awakened by the crash of
glass against the door of the cabin, opposite the
port hole. I switched on the light even before
I was fully awake and looked about me. The
sight that met my eyes sent terror to my soul,
left me cold and lifeless. A thin-glass vial of
liquid had been thrown through the port. It
had burst against the door and the spongy
growth of “multiple” was already filling the
room!

  It grew from the tiny splash to a puddle the
size of my head even while I looked on. I
sprang from my berth toward the door, first
.closing the port above me, not realizing that I
possessed the power to move thus. The opening
of the door swept the stuff farther into the cab-
in. I hurried outside and closed the door, stuff-
ing the vent at the bottom with my bathrobe,
and stood there waiting for whatever might hap-
pen, clad only in pajamas and trembling in the
realization of what I had escaped.

  Pilot-captain Benton came along and stood
watching me as I finished the work of making
the room air tight. I tried to tell him as quickly
as possible just what had happened. Only with
much persuasion did I prevent his entry into the
room.

   “The stuff’s poison!” I insisted. “It will fill
the entire ship if it is once released from that air-
tight room. An outside agency put in there—
to kill me.”

  “I’m afraid you’re the jinx!” he exclaimed,
“But there’s no time to talk. What can be
done?”

  “Lack of air will decompose ‘multiple’,” I ex-
plained. “When we reach Valparaiso you’ll
have to submerge half of this ship in water and
clean out that room.”

  The captain was angry beyond words. He
called the navigator-operator in and snapped an
order. “You two men stand watch over that
door. Soak that bathrobe that you stuffed into
THE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME	257

the vent with water. I’m going to sleep, H
anything happens call me.”

Diane

WE stood watch over that door throughout the
morning hours, with never a word uttered
between us, the operator regarding me with sus-
picion ; myself confused and nervous.

  I tried to account for the bottle of “multiple”.
I knew with a certainty that it was designed to
end my life. Whoever threw it must have land-
ed on the top of the liner, reached down and
tossed it in, and made his get-away without be-
ing seen. I could picture myself being smother-
ed by that spongy substance, eaten by its acids—
destroyed in silence! That I was among the first
to know this terror that struck in the night was
doubly interesting, from the standpoint of a news-
paperman.

  I held the key to the mystery, perhaps, and
consequently was the original target of whoever
had stolen the formula. I was again suddenly
startled by a though that flashed into my mind.
What of Diane—had she too met with this terri-
ble danger? Had she overcome it—was she se-
cure ?	^

  Strangely I was doubly terrified by the thought.
It would be ten hours before we reached Valpar-
aiso—somewhere between sundown and dark-
ness. Until then we could not establish com-
munication. The ethics of the air prevented
any suggestion to the pilot-captain that we make
a landing at some port on the way. I was help-
less—I had only a pair of pajamas to wear until
the captain brought me an extra one-piece linen
suit.

  Nothing was said to the passengers who came
into the saloon as the sun came up and the fog
lifted from the coast below us. My eyes were
constantly upon the door. Once or twice when
the passengers were sufficiently distracted from
the after end of the plane I re-soaked the bath-
robe which I had stuffed into the vent. I knew
the air-tight port had taken care of the other
side. My only objective was Valparaiso. Noth-
ing else mattered.

  All that day, as we shot like a meteor through
the upper air, the captain, the mate and the
third pilot-mate remained awake to discuss the
situation. The second pilot-mate was at the
controls, the motors full out, the ship screaming
off the two hundred and forty miles per hour
until the noise became a monotonous din, instead
of a fascinating experience.

  Four o’clock found us at Antofagasta, five-
fifteen looking down upon Huasco. A short time
later we sow the tower near the end of Avenida,
Brazil, and then the busy harhor of Valparaiso,
with Vina Del Mar airport just below us.

THE pilot put the great mogul on her ear and
brought her around into the wind. Quickly
he sat us down there on the water, gave the mo-
tors the gas full out, and pulled us upon the
beach. Passengers clambered out, some tired
and weary of the long flight, others elated at
reaching this strange land.

  I was in a hurry to land and find Diane, but
first I had to thank Captain Benton for the loan
of the suit and to do what I could to help him
obliterate the “multiple” in that cabin. He did
not detain me.

  “When you have found your party you may
return here,” he said. “I think we had better
stick together—we may need each other! In
the meantime I shall remove that stuff from the
cabin with a suction hose."

  I thanked him and hurried away. A taxi cab
took me to the customs house and on to the Div-
illa, a little hotel perched high up near the old
prison. I ran up the steps and into the lobby
in breathless excitement. Diane was seated there
calmly, half-smiling at my excitement.

  “Something cut us off last night, Don, and the
owners of that new plane h&ve been frantic.”

  “If they had only cut us off!” I said. Where-
upon I told her the story.

   She listened in silence until I had finished.
“But how did this agency know of your pres-
ence on that ship?” she demanded.

  I was stumped. I told her of the cabin being
filled with “multiple” and how I had escaped.

  “They may have learned that you were board
through the telegraphic passenger list. I knew
you were coming thirty minutes before you went
aboard the plane at the terminal.”

  “Creel has something to do with this!” I said.
“He is the only possible man on earth who could
connect me with a search for the murderer of
Dale Holden and the thief of that formula. I
met him only twice—once at your home and once
in the laboratory where he was questioning Dale
about the possibilities of 'multiple’.”

  “I’m sorry I ever met him,” she confessed.
“Of course one doesn’t think of such a distin-
guished man as a potential murderer, though.”
“You can’t be blamed for it, Diane,” I assured
her. Then I told her of my plans to visit the
plane again that evening.

  “I’m going with you,” she said at once. “On
the way, I’ll tell you what I learned.”

  We settled in the cab. “As I told you,” she
began. “I received a package from here via air
mail. I compared the handwriting with Creel’s,
and then I knew the truth. He had murdered
Dale to get possession of that formula. How or
why he did it I don’t know. One would suppose
he overpowered Dale and placed that bottle—”
She broke off shortly and was silent a minute
before going on.

  “I boarded the first plane for Valparaiso—in-
cognito. Arriving here I went to the hotel and
called in the national police. I gave them my
version of the story and Creel’s description. They
found him in an office on Avenida Brazil, osten-
sibly operating an airline communication bur-
eau. I think it is known as the Internacional
Comunicacion Compania, or some name of
that kind. I can point it out on our way to the
plane. Anyway, two days ago a small yacht
which is known to be a laboratory was anchored
in the harbor, with one of Creel’p henchmen as
captain. You probably read the story—”

  “I did—go on,” I said, anxiously.

  “Something happened aboard. They lost con-
258	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

trol of a quantity of ‘multiple’ and were driven
from the yacht. The men swam ashore, and the
stuff filled the boat and sank it—grew up onto
the decks and became a huge mass of that spongy
substance. It overflowed into the water, hiding
the boat from view. Then the entire mass sank
upon the water. Only a fire boat saved the har-
bor. By the time the police had connected Creel
with the yacht the latter disappeared. He used
one of those tiny Spitzbem—Bullet planes to make
his get-away, carrying a man with him.”

  “Then he flew out and met us and tried to kill
me,” I said. “Why?”

  "Why?” she demanded, “Why to be rid of
you, of course!”

  “But common sense, Diane. What can he do
by such attacks?” I objected.

  “I’m stumped,” Diane shook her head. “One
can catch a criminal easier when he knows the
motive back of the crime.”

CHAPTER III.

Creel in Command

WE were at the airport—the combination land
and sea port of Vina Del Mar. The plane
was out in the harbor, silent, unanchored, as far
as I could see. We went to it in a small boat.

  As we neared her I could see that she was
drifting, but I supposed she was well in the hands
of Captain Benton and his crew. We slid up to
the starboard door and climbed into the saloon.
The owner of the boat moved quickly away. We
started toward the captain’s room, forward in
the great plane. Before we had taken ten steps,
two men rushed from a cabin on our right and
stood before us, automatics in hand.

  A low wail escaped Diane’s lips. My own
heart stood still.

  “Get into that cabin—quick!” snapped one of
them. He indicated the one from which they
came. We went inside. Then we saw their pur-
pose. The entire crew, including Captain Ben-
ton, were lined up against the wall and Creel,
coldly calculating the situation, stood at the wall
opposite.

  One could not have placed himself in our im-
mediate circumstances and fathomed Creel’s pur-
pose. One could guess, but man wastes too much
time in guessing. So far as I could see, his pur-
pose at the moment was to obtain possession of
the Golondrina, the largest and finest high-altitude
plane in the service of the great International
Airlines.

  “You may line up with the others, Edwards—
the lady can remain here with us,” he said.

  “What's your game?” I demanded.

  “Reporters should listen—and never talk,” he
shot back at me. “Anyway, Edwards, in my
hands you are helpless to molest me. So far you
have constituted my greatest fear, but I suppose
you kept quiet for Miss Nordham’s sake.”

  “He did,” said Diane.

  Creel sat down in a wicker chair and studied
us. I could see now that he was the cold gamb-
ler type, desperate and dangerous. Dressed in
his one-piece suit of velvet with silver buckles

and patent shoes he was a picturesque character.

  “Well, none of you are in danger—at least as
long as you obey orders. I have only four lieu-
tenants. In a conquest of the world one can-
not trust too many.”

  “Are you entering upon a conquest of the
world?” asked Captain Benton, speaking for the
first time since Diane and I entered the room.

  Creel sighed. “Only of certain cities, my good
man,” he said slowly. He glanced at his two
men in the doorway. “One of you hurry over to
the dock and tell the others to bring that boat
load of ‘multiple’ along.” The man hurried
away.

  “The thing for which you killed Dale Hold-
en!” said Diane furiously.

  “The one sin of my life,” he answered coldly.
“You are not to mention that again—never!”

  I turned to Captain Benton and by way of
apology said, “I’m afraid I’ve pulled you into a
terrible situation.”

  Creel overheard. “For the sake of morale
I’d better say that we would have taken this ship
if you’d never been in existence, Edwards. That
goes for all of you. We wanted the ship. We
have it. Nice of you, Captain, to have filled the
tanks with bluegas before taking to the water
again.”

  “You’re not at all welcome to the favor,” said
Benton bitterly.

  “But I suppose I can induce you to navigate
the Golondrina for me?” he asked.

  “Hardly,” Benton snapped.

  “Not even under pain of being thrown into a
stateroom with a half-pint of multiple for com-
pany?” asked Creel.

  “What’s your purpose—I have a right to know
that much,” returned the captain, unwavered by
the threat.

  At that moment a boat slumped against the
side of the plane. Creel looked through a port
hole, and then turned to the captain.

  “We’ll discuss that later. My men are com-
ing aboard with ten cylinders of ‘multiple’—two
hundred gallons!”

WE stood there for several minutes while
Creel went outside and joined his men, leav-
ing a single guard at the door.

  There were six of us held prisoners—Captain
Benton, his two pilot-mates and the third mate,
myself and Diane.

  “Where’s the radio-navigator?” I asked of the
captain.

  “I sent him ashort to make h report to our
agent here—the aerial and that stuff in your cab-
in last night,” Benton whispered.

  “Just what I wish to do—that’ll warn the gov-
ernment air service of Chile to run us down.”

  Already a turn to extricate ourselves from
Creel’s hands! But I wasn’t satisfied with that.
We were all uncomfortable.

  I’ll never forget the next half hour as we stood
there looking into each other’s faces, all won-
dering what would become of us. Diane was
silent and gloomy and, as I looked at her, fine
and young and beautiful, I was determined that
THE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME	259

Creel should not last long. Ten minutes later
it seemed my vows were in vain.

  Creel’s men finished loading the cylinders of
“multiple” into the plane. They stowed it aft
in the tall compartment. The four of them
came forward and gathered about the door.

  “We’re lifting off right away,” Creel an-
nounced. “We are forced to hurry because of
suspicious characters who are watching us from
shore.”

  “I and my men shall remain with the ship,”
said Benton firmly.

  “In that case you shall help navigate the
plane,” said Creel. “How about you, Edwards?”

  “Send Miss Nordham ashore, and I’ll remain,”
I answered.

  Creel laughed.

  “You may speak for yourself, Diane,” he said,
“but it will be dangerous—in Valparaiso. The
city will be smothered tonight—everyone there
will die—except our friends who have been
warned. Thus it will be for all the cities of the
world.”

  No one could imagine the horror that filled us
at that moment, of the stark realization that we
were not only in the hands of a cold blooded
thief but a murderer of thousands. I think we
were all stunned beyond words. I recall having
crossed the room and held Diane close to me as
she reeled from the shock. Then the door was
being closed. We were left alone, locked in, to
think of the horrible thing which must happen,
perhaps within the next hour.

  Perhaps I can make it more vivid to you by
recording my own thoughts of the next few min-
utes.

  Here, for the first time, I knew the purpose of
this man Creel. It must be that he belonged to
the Black Legion, an organization which had
slowly grown to become world-wide. It wanted
to possess the world. If it destroyed cities, those
who fled could not return to take possession of
them.

  Thus the use of “multiple”. Perhaps that
which he had in the plane at that moment would
doom a million innocent people. If he had the
formula for a nullifier he could recover those ci-
ties for the Legion within a few hours. It was a
horrible thought. It was beyond the under-
standing of all the scientists whom I knew. None
save Dale Holden could have concocted the for-
mula for “multiple”. The dear fellow would
turn in his grave if he could know of the horri-
ble use to which it was being put by Creel who
had murdered him.

I THOUGHT of the radio-navigator as a pos-
sible savior of the situation. I hoped and
prayed that something would happen before that
great plane shot across the water and lifted into
the air to become a menace to the world. But
there was no hope. Men who could board an
airplane going at a speed of over two hundred
miles per hour and leave it again without being
seen were not to be considered lightly. They
had probably taken care of the radio-navigator.
I believed we were lost. I could never trust

Creel to have enough mercy to spare the few
lives aboard the Golondrina.

  The men were in the control room now, start-
ing the motors. They were quickly familiariz-
ing themselves with the plane before taking off.
The mere turn of a switch started a modern mot-
or. A child could operate them. But it re-
quired skill to handle the Golondrina.

  Apparently one of the men possessed enough
experience with the controls of a large plane to
operate this one, for no sooner had the motors
attained the appropriate speed than the Golondrina
taxied across the water. Faster and faster she
went, gathering speed toward the open sea. Then
we felt our weight against the deck. She had
cleared the waves and was climbing higher and
higher as night came upon us.

  Locked in that cabin, we could only wait.
There was no use for speech, no comfort in specu-
lation. We knew not what was going on inside
the saloon.

  The Golondrina sped out to sea until she gained
altitude, and then circled back toward Valpar-
aiso. She went on slowly, as if feeling her way.
We looked through the open port hole to see the
lights of the city spread out there on the side of
the hills, a city of happy Latin people who would
soon die.

  The plane flew onward toward Vina Del Mar
again. We then saw long lines of people march-
ing into the country. These were the Legion-
naires—the people who had been warned, who
would return as soon as the others had been kill-
ed ?nd the great heap of “multiple” nullified.
Stragglers were in the rear, hurrying to overtake
the first procession.

SEVERAL times the ship circled the city, each
time losing altitude, until she crept almost
noiseless within a distance of a few hundred feet
of the streets, avoiding the hillside by a short
distance. At last, when there were no more
stragglers marching from the outskirts of the
city, I saw a phosphorescent stream of liquid fall
from our wing compartment and into the city
below. Creel had taken the stuff forward and
placed it where he could easily drop it into the
streets.

  Again and again, as the great plane hovered
over Valparaiso, streams of “multiple” were sent
forth, until at last I saw seething masses of it
taking shape in the streets. Then Creel tried an-
other method. He dropped gallon after gallon
of the chemical onto the side of the mountain
where it grew to become an enormous heap of
destruction and roll down into the city and fill
the streets. This continued before our horrified
faces until we could see nothing but a huge
mountain of that spongy growth, with hardly a
building standing above it.

  Over the scream of the motors we heard
shrieks and screams, but they were only of des-
pair. Nothing could now save Valparaiso.

  The wobbling mass of stuff was conquering
and obliterating the city below.

  The plane was standing out to sea again. She
hovered near the water several miles out, came
260	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

around into the northern breeze, and settled
down in silence.

  Diane had fainted in my arms. Captain Ben-
ton and his men were tragically still, staring into
each other’s faces, helpless to stop this wholesale
murder of good people. As I revived Diane and
sat down in the wicker chair to hold her in com-
fort, she sobbed like a child until she became
hysterical and difficult to handle.

  Over the lapping of the waves against the side
of the plane I heard Creel and his men talking.

  “I suppose our prisoners will have a change of
heart now,” said Creel. “I’ve worked on that
formula long enough to know what it can do.
Two hundred gallons covered Valparaiso. After
eight hours it loses its properties and vaporizes
into the air. Nothing like it!”

  Then the five cut throats sang their verses of
rebellion and destruction and triumph for their
allies who would return to take full possession of
Valparaiso at dawn.

CHAPTER IV

THE six of us in the cabin waited and wonder-
ed. Captain Benton and his men were silent
for the most part of the time, although now and
then one of them would speculate upon the pos-
sibilities of “multiple,” and why Creel had used
it.

  “Why not gas?” asked the second pilot-mate.
“Ordinary poison gas would answer the same
purpose.” I tried to explain.

  “But the people—everywhere—have gas
masks since that dreadful invasion of the western
hemisphere by the first wave of the Legion who
came two years ago. Look at Philadelphia with
its ten thousand dead within a few minutes—and
part of them Legionnaires. No, by this way no
one can escape, not because of the comparatively
negligible acidic properties, but because ‘multi-
ple’ smothers them and doesn’t give them a
chance to get away.”

  “How horrible!” said Diane, her voice weak
and far away. Her eyes were wide and staring.
It was pitiful to see her as she sat there in the
chair. But she was fighting the battle of her
sanity against the terror that had come to her.

  We waited for thirty minutes more, while the
ship drifted slowly inshore, Creel and his men
noiseless. Captain Benton became restless.

  “At least this party could have been given a
few comforts. We shouldn’t all be compelled to
remain in one cabin, nor to have Miss Nordham
suffer like this.”

  “I’m not suffering,” Diane assured him.
“Really, if there wasn’t so much murder I’d think
it was a wonderful adventure. But to see all
those people running in the streets and to hear
their cries—”

  “Don’t, Diane, be quiet!” I said. “You musn’t
think of that. Try to sleep.”

  Her nerves were worn to a frazzle, I could see.
She relaxed though, and as darkness came upon
us again, we sat down on the deck in silence and
waited.

  The awful picture of Valparaiso came back to
me with all its horror and death. I could still

see that great mass of strange and terrible and
malignant chemical that grew, rolling down from
the mountain upon the city, the people running
for life, knowing not what they faced, save death.
The great tower off Avenida Brazil; the statue
of Arturo Pratt, the great admiral of Chile; the
public buildings and hotels—all covered with
that mass until every living person had been
smothered to death, with a comparative handful
of the Black Legion waiting outside until their
agent had finished the vile business of killing
people who believed in democracy and the up-
building of the race.

  The thought of this awful conquest took me
back to the time as a very young man I had edited
a small newspaper and shouted through its col-
umns a warning to the government that then was
the time for action to save the younger genera-
tion from this invasion of this destructive element
with it vicious propaganda. I knew they were
trying to gain power for themselves to prevent
the free opportunity in America of other elements
just as strongly insistent upon gaining a foothold
for their children. It was about that time that
a Department of Education was created by for-
ward looking congressmen, only to find later
they were blocked by the measures taken by oth-
er congressmen who, perhaps unknowingly, rep-
resented the factions most adverse to the cause
of civilization.

  The “Legion Forever” they might sing—that
was all they would ever do—sing, so long as they
depended upon men of Creel’s caliber and meth-
ods to carry out their program of conquest. He
was probably paid and paid highly for his work,
but so crude and horrible were his methods that
I knew he could meet with only disaster. The
sooner that disaster came to him the more lives
would be saved; for God knew where he would
turn next in his conquest of the cities of the
world.

  You perhaps wonder how one could be in the
midst of such a tangle, perhaps facing death, and
think such thoughts. I must confess myself this
much; I am not modest. Therefore I can ex-
plain that just so long as I had an incentive to live
I wanted to live for the betterment of the world.
My incentive lay sleeping in that chair—Diane.
At least I thought her asleep until Captain Ben-
ton arose impatiently and tried the door. It did
not give. He stepped back. Suddenly he pull-
ed from his pocket an old-fashioned jack knife
and began cutting through the tapestried wall
and into the aluminum that constituted the bulk-
head.

  At first I was amazed at his recklessness. But
I dared not try to stop him. He was a man of
iron, one of the most famous pilots in the world,
and his judgment was better than my own, I
thought.

  This did not prove altogether true, realizing
what we faced when he had finished cutting a
hole large enough to give us a view of the saloon.
He was the first to look through the hole. He
stepped back quickly, and then I put my head
through and looked. The sight that met my
eyes, while gruesome, was more welcome than
anything I had ever seen in my life.
THE HOUR THE CONQUEROR CAME

261

  Forward in the control room, partitioned off
from the saloon by glass, air tight and sealed in,
were Creel and his four men, all smothered by a
great mass of “multiple” which had somehow
escaped into the room. And now it was left for
us to hurry out and somehow control the plane
until a rescuer came.

  Once having cut a hole large enough through
which to escape the tiny room, Benton waved his
men forward through a door and out upon the
great transparent wing. Diane and I remained
in the saloon while he started an auxiliary motor
and applied a suction hose to the port hole in the
control room where the five lay stiff and stark
after an hour’s burial under the smothering “mul-
tiple”.

  When they had finally cleared the room and
we were skimming across the water and rising
into the air, the captain came in to say that we
were on our way back to the good old United
States where bandits used mild machine guns;
and Legion propaganda would be stifled by an
efficient government and good schools; and
where a girl with a fiery spirit could marry the

man of her choice, instead of avenging the mur-
der of another. And Diane was looking at me
when he said all that!

  So passed the last effort of the Legion on the
western hemisphere. It was a feeble, futile ef-
fort, so we learned when we returned to Los
Angeles the second morning, and it did their or-
ganization so much more harm than good that
they have never tried again. Beautiful Valpar-
aiso was a city of the dead until the second day
when the Legion returned to find the “multiple”
had receded and began making ready for a
wholesale burial and a celebration which never
took place, for behind them as they passed into
the city was an army of Chilean constabulary,
and overhead droned the “mosquito swarm”, the
tiny one-man planes belonging to the Interna-
tional police of the nations of the world.

  Of all the strife and turmoil and destruction
and death, no one had gained a thing save I. And
Diane was overjoyed to again touch American
soil and know that she was home. If we ever ad-
venture together again into the world of plots
and intrigue and mystery we shall do so together.

      THE END

The Martian Nemesis

    (Continued from Page 251)

  “My God, it was one of the Martian Nepen-
thes!” I cried out in a terrible frenzy. The
others came running towards me. Together we
hacked the dreadful thing to bits, and cut open
the pitcher, but it was too late.

  “A rag and a bone, and a hank of hair” was
all that was left of my darling.”

  We buried the poor remains in the desert: I
had lost everything, and got a memory in re-
turn. We burned up the loathsome weeds and
saturated the ground with salt. It was all
clear to me now. This must be the site of Ray
Browne’s grave. When his satchel burst open,
the rhizomes and seeds were flung all about the
hole, and there they had lain for years in the
dry soil, to be quickened at last by the flow of
water from the borings. It was Nemesis, the
Martian Nemesis.

 It was clear to me now too, why Mary had
taken her dear life. Worrying over the irriga-
tion company, I must have resorted to my old
habit of talking in my sleep, but instead of my
conscious mind working, I had subconsciously
recited the whole horrible story of the Martian
trip. She had learned I had killed her lover;
she had fled from me in horror, and thrown her-
self into the river. And now my last consola-
tion, my boy, the apple of my eye, joyously
climbing and playing with youthful zest, had

been filched from me, devoured by this hideous
legacy from the man I had murdered!

  The world knows the rest of my life-story.
How, since that horrible time, I have sought
death in a thousand ways, and had the praises
of the mob showered upon me for risking the
life I was trying to lose. How, since that blank
day, I have hunted wild animals in the jungle,
joined with bold spirits in their conquest of the
polar regions, laughed in the face of death on
the track, on the water, and in the air, only for
death to laugh back at me. Instead of breaking
my neck, I have only broken records, and made
the name of Stewart Knightlow ring in the ears
of the world, when it stank in my own nostrils.

  But some day, the tender oblivion I seek will
come, and then the true story of my life'can be
broadcast, for I am too much of a coward to
face the crowd in life, just as I am too much of
a craven to take deliberately my own life. Ray
Browne’s taunt was just: my feet are of clay.

*	*

 The old lawyer put down the manuscript,
wiped a tear from his eye, stroked his chin
meditatively once or twice, then suddenly cast
the papers into the roaring fire.

  And so:—They laid him to rest in the bare
gaunt abbey: to rest with the great, this great-
est one of them all.

THE END.
Three Worlds to Conquer

    As the sphere drew nearer a band of bluish light spread above the earth. The band widened
and narrowed with pulsing regularity.

  262
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER

RICHARD Holt looked up from the photo-
graphic plates as Virginia Stewart skipped
across the tile floor.

  “What on earth, Dick?” she cried with anxiety
gathering in her face.

  He regarded her soberly a long moment and
then decided she should know the truth.

  “Virginia,” he began with a calmness in his
tone he was far from feeling,

“The earth is facing a cata-
clysm. Look!” He placed a
long white finger near a tiny
white dot on one of the plates.

She leaned forward, watching
his face more than the plate.

  “A strange star is approach-
ing,” he continued earnestly:

“A little fellow, dark, but tre-
mendously dense and heavy.

For some reason I can’t ex-
plain, our astronomers never
detected it, or never told us
about it. I don’t know how
near it will come to us, but it
seems probable there will be
some kind of a major catastro-
phe.”

  She gave him a frightened
look. He smiled but there was
no mirth in his
eyes.

  “That plate
was taken a year
ago,” he went on;

“Now look at this.”

He showed her an-
other and another.

“Sec how it grows.

It will soon appear
as large as a base-
ball.”

  She looked, her
slim figure rigid,
her hands
clenched.

  “Have you told
anyone?” she
asked, facing him.

  “Yes, I phoned
the papers. They
laughed and ig-
nored me. But I
think the scientific
authorities will
have to admit what
they know today.

There will probably be headlines tonight.”

  “What are you going to do?” she demanded.

  “I thought of a sealed ship, one that could be
supplied with oxygen, water and food, which
might afford protection should we be drawn
away from the earth. But survival would de-
pend on a number of things including a habit-
able condition of the other planets.”

  "An ark?” she asked dubiously.

   “A modern one,” he bit his lips self conscious-
ly, “It does sound ridiculous, but there is no
other help I can imagine. We haven’t time to
build one either, my hope is to find something

263

I can remodel to meet the unusual requirements.”
He laid the plates aside.

   “Take me home, Dick,” she begged after a
little while.

   “Sure,” he acquiesced and followed barehead-
ed to her car.

   Later that afternoon he went down to the
docks to look at a space ship which had been
made for an inventor who
hoped to make a flight beyond
the earth’s gravitational pull.
The long gray vessel looked
good at first sight. It seemed
to be a cross between an air-
plane, a dirigible, and a sub-
marine. It had wings of cor-
rugated steel, a cigar-shaped
body, and a periscope.

   The inventor explained that
it was fitted with sun engines,
water, oxygen and provisions
for a long voyage. It was wa-
tertight, airtight, well insulat-
and was propelled by tri-mot-
ors, the power derived from
gasoline for the take-off only,
further power to be supplied
by the action of the sun on sol-
arite.* It would be possible,
the inventor ex-
plained, to carry
aboard enough
gasoline to propel
the ship through
our atmosphere or
the atmosphere of
any planet on
which landing was
made. The sun en-
gines would be
able to work con-
tinually after the
ship was out of the
earth’s atmosphere
and in the sun’s
glare and no other
power would be
needed.

  In the hold of
the vessel were two
great gates through
which water could
be admitted to sink
the vessel and
there were giant
pumps to empty it
in record time. This, the owner explained, was
to provide every possible protection on other
planets against hostile attacks of other forms
of life. Granting of course there were oceans on
that planet

   Dick wondered a bit at some of the equip-
ment and ideas the inventor had worked into
his ship, but none of them were very objection-
able, and many would serve to good advantage
under unusual circumstances.

 •	Solarite discovered just before the year 1968, was an unstable com-
 pound that decomposed under the concentrated rays of the sun and re-
 leased tremendous stores of energy.

D. D. SHARP

 MR. Sharp’s stories always stand out because
 his characters are so real and living. No stilted
 professors, or god-like heroes walk through
 his pages; instead there are men and women whose
 feelings we can perceive and understand.

   We have heard much about what would happen
 if the moon ever approached close to the earth. We
 are assured by scientists that a tet rific cataclysm
 would occur, perhaps to wipe out a goodly portion
 of the earth. Certainly the moon would be split
 asunder by the tremendous strains exerted on it.

   But suppose that a duplication occurred of a con-
 dition that caused the creation of our solar system.
 We know that our planets came into existence by
 the great tides raised on the sun’s surface by a star
 that passed near it aeons ago. If now a new disaster
 were imminent, there would be needed a new Noah
 to save his race from extinction. Mr. Sharp tells us
 about it in a story filled with thrills and excitement.
264	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

THE inventor admitted frankly that his ship
was a great blunder, for he had never been
able to taxi it across the trial grounds with
enough velocity to lift even tho huge weight
from the earth. But that did not worry Dick at
all, for he would have no need of the ship, un-
less our terrestrial gravity was so disturbed that
not only the ship but much more stable struc-
tures would go hurtling up toward the strange
star.

  The man sold it very cheap, for he was hard
pressed for money and disgusted with his
scheme. Before buying Dick made known his
plans, telling the inventor of the impending dan-
ger and offering free passage in the ship. The
man raised his eyebrows, shrugged his shoulders.
But he made the bill of sale with no reservations
for any contingency such as Dick mentioned.

  For several weeks Dick was busy overhauling
the ship and hiring a crew. The tinned stuff was
in good shape, the oxygen tanks full, and the
machinery well oiled and new. The more he in-
spected it the more fortunate he felt.

  The day after his purchase the city got the
news of the impending calamity in a convincing
way. The dark star itself could be seen by low
powered telescopes close down against the hor-
izon an hour behind the morning sun. Each
morning the streets were full of men and women
as Dick left for the ship yard. The crowds moved
along with a stolid air or resignation, incredul-
ity, or indifference, but here and there small,
silent groups stared gloomily at the visitor.

  One day a short way up the Avenue he met
Kris Dillinger, a local banker.

  “Headed this way,” Dick warned, "Looks
bad!”

  “Bosh,” Kris ejaculated, and walked away.

  Dick hurried on to his ship.

  No one knew the name of the strange star.
Some one called it Nera and the name stuck.
Newspapers belittled the danger. There was a
statement broadcasted, which was signed by Pro-
fessor Miller, in which the noted scientist stated
that in all probability the dark star or planet as
it might be, was travelling in an orbit which had
brought it close to the earth in ages past and
would bring it back in the ages to come. There
was nothing to indicate that the last trip had af-
fected the earth materially, unless indeed the
story of the flood might be connected up with
it in some way.

  Calm natured folk went about their usual du-
ties, the excitable ones displayed some panic,
and some of the less serious played with the
growing influence of the star’s gravity. As the
star came closer and closer, a good many very
active young men vied each other for high leaps,
and eventually some could jump as high as the
second story of the National building. Traffic
congested the streets, for tires had poor grip
on the pavement and speed was dangerous. The
weather became unusually clear, no haze, no
film of cloud obscured the oncoming stranger
as it swelled larger and larger in the heavens.
And then one day Nera cut the outer disc of the
sun. Dick took this as a signal to get Virginia
aboard the ship. The crew had been living there
for two days now. He called her by phone, but

Something in the close proximity of the cosmic
visitor caused such a buzzing and pounding in
the phone as to make conversation impossible
so he hung up and started for her house.

  Nera hung low toward the west, for the sun
was almost down, and Dick found he could make
unbelievable speed. He sensed the gravitational
pull of the passing star and sometimes his leaps
carried him sixty feet at a jump. He vaulted
along, passing large crowds of frightened men
and women, who stood dumbly staring helpless-
ly at the ominous shadow in the heavens.

  As the sphere drew nearer a band of bluish
light spread above the earth, a kind of corona
which grew in brightness and sharpness until
it became that vivid electrical green which is
sometimes seen when high-voltage wires are
shorted. The more Dick watched it and the
more dazzling it became, the less he was able
to account for it. Though he did have an idea
that it might be caused by strange electrical
phenomena set up by the two bodies. After a
few minutes the great band widened and nar-
rowed with pulsing regularity and once a long
twisting bolt of fire slipped free and streaked
outward to burst far out in the cosmos sprinkl-
ing that sector of the heavens with tiny blue and
yellow stars.

  Then another band of light gathered from no-
where, to spread fanwise closer above the earth.
Flames of red and bluish green played about
its edge, while zigzag bolts of lightning flashed
between the band and the earth. Crashing thun-
der followed crash with incessant rolls. Terri-
fied mobs milled about like frightened cattle as
the earth trembled under their feet.

The Storm Breaks

DESPAIRING at the puny strength he could
pit against such forces, Dick hurried ahead.
He reached Grand Avenue in a daze at the sight
of these cosmic storms. Every detonation was
more thunderous than the last, every flash more
brilliant and terrible.

  He passed through the stone gates of Virgin-
ia’s home and ran up the walk just in time to see
the towering whiteness of the National Building
split by a dazzling bolt of fire. The gigantic
structure writhed drunkenly. Granite and de-
bris poured downward into roil of smoke and
dust, baring twisted ribs of structural steel.

  He took the steps at a leap and flung open the
front door. Inside he stood a moment calling
loudly, his voice all but drowned by the roar
outside. Blinded by the electrical flares, the
house seemed very dark. He opened the library
door and peered about the room. The tall win-
dows glared blues and greens. Walls and floors
quivered. Pictures swung violently. Books tum-
bled from their shelves. No one was in the room.

  He turned back to the hall, and shouted might-
ily, but the mad whine of sirens, the frightened
screams of men and women, the moaning whistle
of a new born gale and the incessant peal of
thunder howled him down.

  In the hall he met Kris. The banker’s long
mane of yellow hair was disheveled, his bulging
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	265

eyes were wide and wild, and his long face had
the greenish hue of stained wax.

   “Where? Where?” he chattered.

   “I don’t know, ” Dick gasped, “She’s gone!”

   “Lost?”

   “Yes. I can’t imagine what happened to her.”

   Kris stood dumbly with his jaws working in
 spasms of terror. Finally words came, vague and
 shrieking, smothered in the roaring bedlam from
 the sky and streets.

   “You lie!” he screeched loud enough to over-
 ride the pealing thunder and the rising whine of
 the ungodly wind. “You’re trying to ditch me!’"

   “She is nowhere around here. Let’s look up-
 stairs!” Dick shouted back.

   Kris blinked his bloodshot eyes as though try-
 ing to unravel a puzzle in his bewildered brain.
 He seemed insane, with the green and blue fires
 glittering upon the big whites of his bulging eyes.

   “Great Lord,” he gasped at last, “You mean
 the girl?” His wildly distorted expression
 showed a measure of relief, “I’ve been follow-
 ing you to find the ship!”

   Dick had no time to give to the man, crazy as
 he was with terror and anxiety for some kind of
 refuge. He left Kris in the hall and sprang up-
 stairs, clearing the broad flight at a single leap,
 turned at the landing and leaped into the up-
 stairs hall and rushed to Virginia’s room. That
 too was empty with a forsaken and disordered
 ^appearance of hasty flight. Drawers and clothes
 closets were open with garments scattered on bed
 and chairs. She must have gone to the ship. He
 had missed her on his westward flight.

   He ran into the hall and dropped downstairs.
 The windows were awash with water as he
 passed them and a shattered window was allow-
 ing the waves to drench the lower hall.

   A door crashed, and through it rammed the
 wheel of a flying truck. Disregarding the peril
 of the hurtling debris outside the house, Dick tore
 open a trembling door and plunged into the yard.
 He was blinded and almost taken from his feet
 by the wash of angry waters which ripped along
 on the wings of the violent wind. About him
 hurled a chaos of tumbling barrels, boxes, autos,
 trucks and men. Everything not securely an-
 chored was skidding and bounding before the
 wind, like tumble weeds feeling the first vigor
 of a winter gale. Lack of gravitation, or rather
 the neutralizing pull from Nera, put all loose
 objects as playthings for the gale.

   The sky above was clear as a bell, except of
 course for that quaking, crackling band of elec-
 tric blue.

   He tasted brine. The sea? Then that was the
 answer to the puzzle of a clear sky and the
 drenching flood. The wind was sweeping up the
 sea and pouring it upon the city. This gave him
 new concern for the girl. Anxiety became acute.
 It was a dull dead ache from which hope had
 almost gone. Unless Virginia had left long be-
 fore, she would have little chance as she tried
 to cross the narrow neck of land on which the
 ship was housed.

   Out there she would meet the full force of
 wind and sea. Strong as he was, he was having
 a hard time keeping on the ground where there

 were buildings and trees to break the wind. Des-
 perately he started for the ship. This time his
 way across town was harried and obstructed.
 Nera was pulling against him, the wind was
 against him, and the air was full of flying things.

CHAPTER II.
The Tomb of Silence

ONLY by clinging to fallen wires and hugging
the shelter of swaying buildings could he
make progress at all. Often he would gain a yard
to be lifted and carried back fifty feet or more.
As the storm increased he abandoned hope of
walking upright and got down on hands and
knees. Battered, discouraged, almost whipped,
he came at last to the twelve-foot fence which
surrounded the ship.

  Fifty yards beyond the fence was the great
iron shed which housed the ship. It was banging
and roaring to the pulse of the storm. Its wind-
ows were black holes from which the sash had
been torn away. Its iron plates still held, but
they shook and howled as the building itself
swayed giddily.

  Dick grabbed the mesh of wire and got to his
feet. That building was sure to go. It couldn’t
last many minutes in the claws of the wind. He
had to hurry. There wasn’t a second to lose.
Hand over hand he worked his way along the
fence until he came to the west gate. There he
found a gap where the big gates had been torn
off. Kris was there clinging to a post. Dumb
terror and despair was worked into every fea-
ture as he cringed beside that impassable gap
in the fence.

  Dick shouted at him, but Kris clung to his
post and gave no sign whether he could hear or
not. Dick crouched and tried to devise some
plan, but it was quite plain it would be impos-
sible to reach the shed from this side of the yard.
The howling wind, burdened with spray, drove
across the narrow peninsula with a velocity no
man could hope to combat. There was only one
thing to do, to go back and work around to the
east gate so that he could have the wind to his
back.

  With tight jaws he turned about and fought
back the way he had come. Often his whole
length was straightened before the force of the
wind. Increasing floods of salt water rolled over
him for so long he thought he must surely drown,
and every minute that crackling detonating light-
ning burst nearer and nearer, until it seemed cer-
tain his courageous flight would be cut short by
it.

  But he did gain the east gate and released his
hold on the wire as he leaped into the wind. He
was bowled over and over, lifted and shot across
the hundred yard enclosure with such force as
to bang him against the iron shed with his breath
taken away. He gasped for air and leaned
drunkenly against the iron walls, trying to rally
his shattered wits.

  The big iron shed groaned and rumbled—pro-
testing that it could not stand the strain another
second. The world about had grown darker ex-
266	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

cept for the interminable flashing of that band
of light and the zigzag bolts of fire. The black
limb of Nera was edging further across the sun,
and in the settling darkness those electric flares
were ghastly and unreal.

  Virginia must have seen him coming, for she
darted from the east door of the shed and was
dashed against the wall by the paw of the wind.
She tried to reach him as he gathered himself to-
gether. He shouted for her to go back, but she
came on, pounded and battered by the wind. He
struggled along the wall and reached her, picked
her up and with the remaining strength in his
big body, succeeded in getting back through the
open door.

  Slowly the black disk closed out the sun. A
ghastly wounded night flooded the unprepared
earth.

  Dick pulled Virginia into the ship and stood
a moment looking across the seething ocean as
it came rolling in toward the land. It seemed
some kind of titanic monster, springing from its
lair, than only a regularly breathing expanse of
water. It was doubling into itself, sweeping in
with increasing velocity. It swelled into titanic
ranges, one towering behind the other until it
bewildered the eye and the senses.

VIRGINIA got to her feet. Dick cut the switch
which closed the door, just as Kris struggled
into the shed ahead of a wash of tide. Dick
hesitated, glanced at Virginia for approval, and
opened the switch. He was risking their lives by
the delay in closing the door, but he had no heart
to bar Kris from refuge. Kris pushed through
the open door just as a great wave caught the
shed, collapsed it and tilted it off of the space
ship. Water poured into the small entrance room
before Dick could get it closed.

  Everything loose in the room was tumbling
back and forth as Dick turned to Virginia and
got her into a belt which would hold her when
the ship turned turtle, which it was threatening
to do with every wash of the tidal wave. There
was no time to warn the crew who were already
in the engine room. They would know what
to do by this time. And then one of the big ranges
of water must have hit the ship for it stood on
end, its tail skyward as it spun around and
around with a suck of the current.

  Dick clung to the controls and buckled himself
in. The gauges showed that water pressure was
increasing with every second, though he had no'
idea how they could be diving deeper and deep-
er here on the solid earth.

  The thunder and whistle of the wind were
now displaced by a dead quiet. Whatever wash
there was to the waves did not sound through the
insulation of the ship. Dick glanced at the port
hole. On it was green water lighted by long
flashes of vivid light. He cut a switch which
slipped steel protectors over the glass. The en-
tire room became inky dark. He switched on
the lights. Kris growled about being cold and
wet. Virginia shivered visibly but made no com-
plaint.

  Dick had no way of heating the room in such
a storm. He must conserve his power for un-

known emergencies; and the ship rolled and
tossed about so that any kind of fire was out of
the question. The three loose chairs in the con-
trol room were flung wildly about, banging
against walls, ceiling and floor with such violence
as to break and splinter.

  Dick was alarmed as one struck close to Vir-
ginia, but again there was nothing he could do
but censure himself for lack of forethought in
leaving them in the room. He swung about in
his belt and waited for a chance to grab any that
came near him. He knew, should he unbuckle
his belt and attempt to reach the flying chairs,
he would but add the bulk of his own body to
the menace.

  This chaotic condition lasted for a while and
then he noticed that the chairs landed with less
violence, and he had a queer sense of losing
weight, as though his bulk was somehow flowing
away. Then he realized suddenly there was no
sense of weight at all. A dead silence had fol-
lowed the chaos of the storm. He could not tell
which was straight up or down. He unbuckled
his belt and pushed himself out of his chair.
With a bit of surprise he found himself floating
to the ceiling. He braced himself for a blow,
but he landed as lightly as a toy balloon.

  Close to the ceiling he hung suspensed, amused
at the incredulous expression upon the faces of
Kris and Virginia. Then he gave another push
which sent him back to the chair before the
controls. Satisfied with his attempt to explore
the new influences, he buckled himself back in
his belt and joked with Virginia about his air
flight. He knew that conversation was forced
and unnatural, but the dead quiet of the room,
the strange weightlessness, the wild journeys of
his unfettered imagination when it considered
what might be taking place upon the earth, were
unpleasant companions. Conversation, ridicu-
lous and out of place as it was, was a sedative
both he and the girl needed. Kris took no part,
but hung sullenly onto his belt, swearing now
and then at the increasing cold.

  Hours passed. Dick’s artificial garrulity wore
itself out. The deadening silence was becoming
unendurable, with not even the wash of waves
nor the tick of a clock to count it out.

An Unbelievable Situation

AFTER a while Dick began a song. A song of
the humming bees down on the old planta-
tion, and of negroes happy in their work upon
the levees. Its melody was soothing, and his
voice, a bit uncertain at first, gathered enthusi-
asm, and started another and then another, rising
into the stirring airs of his school days, and drift-
ing along into love songs which held the peace
of balmy nights and moonlight on full blown
roses.

  Even Kris responded to the mood and forgot
to swear at the uncomfortable cold. And Dick,
feeling that in some way his songs were giving
hope and courage, sang on and on. The tense,
expectant hours crept by and brought them near-
er and nearer to the crisis—the denouement
whose nature none of them dared even to try
and guess.
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	267

  When at last a semblance of weight seemed to
seep back into his oddly vacant body, Dick heard
a faint wash against the hull. He stopped sing-
ing and listened. Waves were beating softly
but soon increased their babble until they were
like thunder on the steel.

  To the tune of the growing noise was the heave
and roll of the ship. Again the chairs jazzed
and flew about the room as first one wall and
then another seemed transposed into the floor.

  Dick started the engines and gave the motors
quarter speed. The ship wallowed about and
ploughed through them bucking stem and stern,
but with a fairly even keel. He pulled the switch
which opened the steel protectors over the port-
hole glass. The glass was blurred with spray,
but later when it cleared he left the controls and
looked out.

  Wave rode by swiftly from the rim of an end-
less sea!

  “Why there’s no sight of land!” Virginia ex-
claimed.

  He turned to find her beside him. She stood
very slim and erect, a bit pale and fatigued, but
with no hint in her face of the apprehension
which might lie deep behind her blue gray eyes.
She stood so stiffly erect Dick thought she might
be afraid to unbend, afraid that she might not
so bravely defy the unknown menace of that
vast vacant sea. Her searching, unflinching gaze
seemed to read some dire verdict in the unend-
ing circle of water beyond the porthole.

  Dick wanted to say something to comfort her,
but he could find no sincere hope to offer. He
felt the answer to their predicament was even
more serious than Virginia might guess. Her
friends, her home, her kind were gone. Only
the space ship and its crew, of all that had lived
on earth, could be alive. So what could he do,
more than cling to her cold trembling hand and
offer the companionship of one helpless human
being to another caught m the swirl of relent-
less cosmic force.

  As he stood silently wondering what he should
say, the crew burst into the room. Still he wait-
ed, ignoring their excited, rumbling questions.
His whole thought was of her who stood so mute-
ly beside him, and he tried to think of some way
of softening the ache of her iron resignation.
She had meant much to him in the peaceful days
before the catastrophe. She meant much more
now. Yet what was there he could do? All the
old factors of their lives were wiped away like
pretty scrawls upon a schoolgirl’s slate. Every
thing they had loved and planned was buried
eternally, deep as the angry yellow sea outside.

  Not that those waters flooded the earth, far
from it? A strange thing had happened, indeed,
it was so strange, so unreal, and improbable as
to leave him bewildered by the facts which
thrust themselves upon him.

  Earth was far, far away, so far he doubted
that any of them would ever step upon its solid,
comfortable soil again. Nera had stripped the oceans
auiay from it, and made of them spheres of water, and
spun them in space, a thousand miles away.

 How did Dick know this? Easy enough.
There up at the zenith was the earth, big and

radiant, yellow and glowing, like an open um-
brella upside down high above the ship!

  Nera was far above it, a dull ashy balloon
ascending into the sky. There was no sun, but
the sea was flooded with a golden luminosity
from the earth, which gave the waves a copper-
ish cast, and caught Dick’s thoughts into fantas-
tic channels. Put him to wondering just where
was the line between fact and fancy. For the
earth was not the only strange body in the hea-
vens. Close against the horizon, was a silver
ball of extreme brightness. It was far more bril-
liant, for its size, than the earth, and it puzzled
him for a while.

VIRGINIA leaned against him wearily, as
though she had at last yielded to the weight
of the appalling tragedy. As though it had bent
the iron of her resolution. He put an arm about
her and stared silently at the silver ball.

  The crew had sensed that some unusual cal-
amity had befallen them, and they stood in a
little semi-circle, grimy, overall-clad men, as
though bowed to the ‘presence cf the angel of
death. In that strange interlude of quiet it
came to Dick, almost as a revelation, what the
silver ball was. Two spheres of water had been
formed by the passing of the dark star. They
had been ripped away, but had not, in the short
peak of Nera’s influence, been able to attain a
velocity sufficient to follow her, and so had been
left to form satellites of the earth!

  “Hey!” Kris broke in, “Think you are at a
funeral? Somebody turn on the heat, I’m cold!”

  Dick turned slowly about and thrust his long
white hands into water-soaked pockets. He was
cold too, and he knew that Virginia must be
also.

  “Better go and change your things, Virgie,”
he said gently.

   She left silently.

  Dick turned on Kris.

  “Listen,” he said a bit belligerently, “You’d
better borrow some clothes and get dry. Cook’s
about your size.”

  “Cook?” Kris sniffed, “I’d rather dry out.”

  “It may be a long time before there is enough
heat in the vessel for you to dry out,” Dick an-
swered tersely.

  “Why?” Kris demanded.

  “Just this, but it’s for you and the crew, I
don’t want Virginia to know. This ship was
built for space flying.”

  “Yeah? What’s that got to do with turning
on the heat?”

  “Just the simple little fact that sun engines
won’t run in the shadow. They work fine with
sun on the reflectors, but it happens we are on
the dark side of this sphere. We’ll have to wait
until sunup to start the sun engines, and the
joker is that I have no idea how long that will
be.”

  Kris stalked over and looked through the port-
hole. Stared dumbly with a pucker between his
brows.

  “Am I a cuckoo?” he gasped, wiping a hand
across his forehead, “or am I just plain drunk?”

  Dick strode back to the control board and
268	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

glanced at the thermometer which marked the
temperature outside the ship. The short dark
line of mercury had caused him much anxiety
since he had first noticed it after the steadying
of the ship. It had crawled steadily down into
itself and every degree mark it shrank put a
new depression into his heart. Now it was
steady.

  That puzzled him, too, although he was glad
the drop had halted. He did not understand the
freezing temperature on the surface of the sea.
The trip through space could not account for
it, for the sphere had brought along an envelope
of atmosphere, which the instrument board in-
dicated was much warmer than the water.

  The crew had noticed him watching the glass
and crowded about him. They plied him with
questions which he tried to answer encouraging-
ly. He wanted to instil hope into these men who
looked to him for leadership, but in truth there
was little he could offer that would not depress.
He had no idea what caused the chilling of the
water, nor how long it would take the tiny plan-
et to turn on its axis. Night might last only a
few hours, as on Earth and Mars, or it might last
nearly half a month, as it did on the Moon.

  He glanced at the thermometer again. Kris
noticed his worried look.

  “What makes it so cold outside?” he asked.

  “I can only guess,” Dick answered, deciding to
hide nothing from them. “I was very frightened
as long as the drop was rapid, but you will no-
tice that it is falling very slowly; now it is al-
most steady at 30 degrees Fahrenheit. It indi-
cates that whatever caused the warm waters of
the summer sea to become frigid, has expended
its action, at least whatever caused the rapid
drop.”

  “Well, what’s the guess?” Kris demanded.

   “It’s the churning and mixing of all the waters
of the oceans. Although the wator at home was
quite warm when we took to the ship it has been
mixed up in the great swirl which took it from
the earth. You have enough experience at sea
to know that even in the torrid zones where the
surface water is quite warm, deep sea dredges
found freezing temperatures in the samples
brought to the surface. That seems to me the
likely explanation.”

  “Fine,” Kris growled, “but that don’t help
keep us from freezing, I’m cold.”

  “Give us some heat,” the ship’s cook demand-

ed.

  “Let me light an oil heater, Dick,” McGregor,
one of the navigators, suggested. “It will make
it more pleasant and burn but a wee bit of fuel.”

  “Right, MacGregor,” Dick answered, glad to
do anything he could for the shivering men.

CHAPTER III.
Adrift

WHEN McGregor had gone after the heater
Dick went back to the porthole. He was
not surprised to find hoar frost upon the glass.
He opened the port. A blast of chill air swept
into the room. Kris yelled out a demand to close

the glass, but Dick gave him no attention. He
stuck head and shoulders far out the hole and
surveyed the strange heavens. His breath left
his mouth in long vaporous gusts of white mist.

  High up were thick clouds, black and heavy
with moisture. They gathered swiftly as they
scudded across the yellow face of Earth. With
a chill in his heart not accounted for by the low
temperature, Dick speculated upon the un-
changed position of Earth still at the zenith.
Upon its yellow surface was the vague outline
of mountain ranges, and depths which had once
been the sea. It had turned perceptibly on its
axis since he had last regarded it.

   By all rights its position in the heavens should
have shown some change. Beyond an angry
fringe of cloud the stars twinkled dimly. Luna
was nowhere to be seen, probably hidden by
some bank of cloud. Nera and the other ball
of water were also out of sight, but the Great
Dipper and the familiar North Star were still in
plain view.

  It was the position of these stars which served
to puzzle him still more. Instead of remaining
close down against the horizon, they had risen
toward the zenith. The dipper handle was near
the bright limb of the Earth. He was convinced
by then that the world they were on would keep
the same face always toward the earth, just as
the Moon did. That meant that the night would
be much longer than twelve hours. How much
longer he had no idea at the moment. Neither
did he have any idea how low the temperature
on the dark side of the planet would reach be-
fore sun up. From the spread of the horizon
and his knowledge of the amount of water on
the earth’s surface before the cataclysm, he
knew it could not be many hundred miles to
the sunny side of the sphere, but he did know
that the small amount of fuel in his tanks would
not carry them even within a hundred miles of
daylight. However he determined to make the
try and meet the sun as far around the sphere
as he could. When the sun did come up his sun
engines would easily keep him moving at the
rate of rotation of the sphere, so that he could
keep the sun always in sight.

  Deep in thought and puzzling over the respon-
sibilities upon him, he heard nothing going on
in the room. The first hint he had of any treach-
ery was a quick powerful shove upon his hips.
He felt himself propelled viciously through the
porthole. He clutched at the window sills and
clawed desperately at the narrow strips of steel,
but his fingers found no hold and he slid out and*
down, head first—struggling, spinning, yelling,
straight toward the frothy yellow sea.

  Even as he fell he was conscious that his drop
did not have the old earth vigor to it. He felt
as though he were the victim of a slow motion
picture. He hit the sea with small force and
his struggles brought him immediately back to
the surface. He collected his wits and found
that a lazy stroke now and then kept him well
above the water—there was no danger of drown-
ing as long as he could stay awake. The danger
was in the cold. The water was frigid. His flesh
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	269

burned with the sting and the whips of spray
put threads of ice into his hair.

  Close against the gray hull of the space ship
he made out a big bridge timber floating high
out of the water. He gained it with a few swift
strokes and sat chattering as he tried to make
some plan of regaining the ship. The steel hull
of the space ship was glazed with ice as far up
as he could see. The nearest entrance was far
above and it was impossible to climb that swell-
ing ice-coated steel.

  He was worried no little about Virginia. He
could imagine her terror and helplessness. He
hadn’t known Kris very long, but he had seen
many traits in the man which indicated that he
would not give the girl a chance. He would
dump her overboard if she did not obey in every
particular; and Virginia would never stand sub-
missive with him down there in the sea.

  For a long time as he sat there dazedly, the
yellow reflection of the earth was high up in the
port hole glasses, like dull stupefied eyes watch-
ing him with no concern. Then they blazed with
a white brilliancy. Kris had closed the big switch
which lighted the vessel, wasting the current
which would be badly needed during the long
night ahead.

  Dick began to shout with all his might, call-
ing to Virginia, MacGregor, and the others, and
as minutes passed and no answer came, his wet
garments froze stiff like boards where they
flapped in the wind. He hardly knew why he
waited, for certain death could only be beaten
by lucky chance and a hard fight. Perhaps he
hoped that Virginia would be pushed from the
ship. Certainly she would be no worse off, and
it might be they could find some shelter in the
wreckage upon the sea. In truth he was a little
stupefied with the cold. His throat was already
hoarse, and it took all of his energy to keep his
senses.

HE began to beat his arm about to whip cir-
culation through his body and with the re-
turning sting of the sluggish blood moving faster
in his veins and as he called again and again he
tried to reason out what probably lay ahead. Af-
ter all there was no fear of anything lower than
arctic temperatures—for this sphere was envel-
oped in air. His first fright at the possibility
of absolute cold had been induced by his know-
ledge of the temperatures which probably pre-
vailed on the dark side of the moon, but he had
overlooked the fact, in his anxiety, that the low
temperatures on the moon were possible only by
the total lack of an atmosphere.

  If the night here lasted no longer than two
weeks he could surely prepare to weather it.
Even if it lasted six months, as long as the arctic
night on Earth, he should be able to gather
enough stores and build himself some kind of
shelter on the ice which would soon form. He
made up his mind to get food and shelter and
then get Virginia from the ship. When daylight
came they could then devise some way of future
existence on the unfriendly sphere.

  Using a bit of plank for an oar he paddled his
log along the side of the space ship, intending to

look about for a larger craft. Again he glanced
at the strange, moonlike sphere which had once
been their home. The bowl of the Great Dipper
was close against it, the handle already eclipsed
behind the sphere. Surely that was strange!

  Everything was new and strange on this water
sphere. The unusual lightness of his body, the
yellow hazy light, the dark clouds which seemed
so heavy and yet floated so high, the ease with
which he could swim about the sea. At every
turn he seemed to meet with phenomena which
was hard to admit and difficult to accustom him-
self to its laws, but the next discovery was driven
home like a blow. It almost unnerved him, for
it took away his returning assurance, and robbed
him of any hope of surviving outside of the ship.

  The puzzle of the ascending Great Dipper was
solved. This Marine sphere revolved not west
to east, but south to north! Upon this benighted
hemisphere there would never be sunrise! The
increasing cold would bite deeper and deeper.
Ice would coat the entire sea, thicken and burst
under the intolerable pressure. The ship itself
would be gripped, wrenched about and ripped
into slivers. The only hope was for him to re-
gain control of the ship and in some way make a
race to the other side of the sphere.

  Far above came the awakening sputter of
starting motors. He turned his raft and paddled
out from under the overshadowing hull, alarmed
—wondering what fool thing Kris might do next.
The sputter broke into a roar, as first one engine
and then another was warmed up. Dick cleared
the overhanging hull and caught the glisten, the
propellers being let out of their enclosed pocket.
They began to turn and gathered speed. The
big ship moved and circled into the wind. It
raced across the waters, a gray phantom under
the yellow radiance of the half-obscured Earth,
leaving Dick in the backwash of its waves.

  The space ship, unworkable on Earth, sped
forward at the apex of a long gleaming trail of
rippling water, and rose gracefully. He saw the
water under the bottom of its hull, saw the low
stars between the gray ship and the water. It
gathered speed, circled and winged its flight over
him, its shadow whipping by like a giant bird
that had brought him and abandoned him upon
this strange cosmic sea. It grew vague and small
against the high clouds, it swooped across an un-
clouded limb of Earth circling higher and higher.

  Dick gazed helplessly,—overwhelmed by the
stark unbearable feeling of being utterly alone—
as the man-made bird grew smaller and smaller
against the Earth. It circled higher and higher,
fighting up and up, until it became certain Kris
was attempting to fly back.

  “You big fool!” Dick shouted a little insane
from the shock, “Don’t try that,—don’t! Vir-
ginia ! Good God—he’ll kill her.”

Alone!

CERTAINLY Kris must have known that Earth
could no longer support life since it had been
stripped of its protecting envelope of air. Help-
less with rage, Dick could only head his timber
into the wash of the higher waves left by the
270	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

speeding ship. He was bowled over by a tower- line! An hour before it would have meant sal-

ing wave and carried into the water. He strug-
gled up, flung the icy brine from his eyes and
saw the ship again, quite tiny now, as still it cir-
cled and circled up and up toward the big Earth.
It completely disappeared, came in sight again
with the light quick and brilliant upon its ice-
clad hull and disappeared finally.

  Dick still gazed helplessly, blinking at the
place in the sky where he had seen it last, feeling
the loneliness of the empty sea, feeling the grip
of terror for the fate of the girl he loved. Then
he set mechanically about the business of trying
to survive. Why, he did not reason out. There
was really nothing to live for, no hope of future
comfort, or friends, or of her he loved so much.

  His new world was more forbidding and
desolate than anything he had imagined. All
about stretched the restless, forsaken sea, and be-
yond it the limitless confines of the bare, sterile
cosmos, and the only surviving companions were
being steered across it by a fool who had no idea
of the new laws with which he experimented.

  He was the only living thing in all the Uni-
verse, at least the chances were great that this
was so. He could not last long unless some mir-
acle came to give him means to escape the cold
creeping slowly into the lair of unending night.

  So this was to be the end of man ? The defeat
of the logical, constructive fitting of nature’s
laws to human ends. Cold, death, silence, all
the immutable weapons with which space was ar-
rayed, had invaded the strongholds of purpose
and laid them to waste. He was not bitter, there
was only a despondent, resigned fatalism against
which every hope and desire of his heart rebelled
but against which but did not know how to fight.

  Doggedly, tenaciously, unreasonably it com-
manded him to carry on, to refuse to admit de-
feat. He watched until black haze blurred his
sight, and then the gathering clouds slowly cov-
ered the last bright beam from the Earth’s limb,
curtained it away as a stage that is darkened, as
a scene that is played—as a thing that is done.

  The cloud banks hurried on down toward the
horizon, tucked in the sea as with a gray wool
blanket. Still he waited, listening, half believing
he caught the hum of motors, still hoping Kris
would turn back. But the only realities were the
gathering cloud, the wind, the biting cold.

  After a while the wind died. The waves quiet-
ed with an unreal startling suddenness. The dead
sea was even more desolate and invidious. He
paddled here and there hunting some more fav-
orable refuge. He did not analyze that search,
did not try to understand why, hopeless and
whipped as he admitted himself to be, he kept
up the farce of trying to prolong his wretched
life.

  After a while he came upon a big iron tank
floating lazily upon the glasslike surface. It
was half submerged and surely contained some-
thing. He paddled close and examined it. The
screw caps and pipes were all intact and tightly
shut. Under the big numerals “39” was lettered,
“Airplane gasoline.”

  What irony! What a slap for Fate to give a
man already down and taking the count. Gaso-

vation for him and Virginia, and the crew. Then
he could easily have filled his tanks and made a
run for the sunny side of the sphere. Now, it
mocked him, ridiculed his desire to live, his de-
sire that Virginia might live. Gasoline, and the
ship gone forever!

  He wanted to slump down, bury his head in his
hands and cry like a broken-hearted boy. In-
stead he grimly climbed up the iron ladder which
was fastened to the side of the tank.

  Wet and cold he paced about the ice clad top,
whipping his arms against his chest and kicking
life into his numb feet. Under him was fuel
enough to warm a thousand men if he could only
use it. He had no matches, but even if he de-
vised a way to gain a spark of fire, there was the
problem of doing it without an explosion.

  Now he must have a bucket and some dry
wood. The sea was littered with debris of all
kinds, boxes, barrels, auto tires, furniture, myri-
ads of floating things which haa been sucked up
in the vortex of churning water as it swept the
city. Most of the stuff was broken into bits by
the force of the water, but here and there a box
or barrel rode intact left unharmed by freaks of
the storm. As he stood regarding the wreckage,
his teeth chattered and his body ached with
cold, but his wits devised no solution.

HIS dumb gaze shifted skyward as he won-
dered again what had happened to Virginia.
Something was peculiar about the clouds. He
hadn’t noticed it at first, lost in the vagaries of
his wandering thoughts, but it soon demanded
his attention. A white canopy was trailing be-
low the cloud banks, hiding them in places. It
hung above him far flung, motionless, like a
great white veil. He watched it with the uncon-
cern of one who can no longer be surprised. Pre-
pared for any strange phenomenon on this weird
place, he shrugged his wet shoulders and began
a quest for dry clothing and something which
would keep life in his body.

  A huge box caught his attention. It rode high
out of the water, its wet sides glowing in the
Earthlight. He leaped into the water and with
considerable effort, despite the slight gravita-
tional pull, he managed to reach it and pull it
to the top of his iron island. There he pried loose
the boards, finding to his delight that under it
was a solid covering of aquatite.* Using a bit
of wreckage as a lever, he dragged out the con-
tents. There were dozens of suits of underwear,
all fat men’s sizes, and dry! Union suits, BVD’s,
shorts and longs of all types. Unmindful of the
incongruity of this attire, he stripped off the
watersoaked garments and chattering to the
naked wind, he crawled into three union suits,
one over the top of the other.

  Dry at last, he felt better, and tore up some
of the garments and rigged out a rope with a
wide noose, so that he could lasso other wreck-
age without having to leave his refuge.

  Busy with his scheme, he did not look sky-
ward for a long time, not until the gathering

•A composition paper impervious to water.
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	271

gloom called his attention to the descending veil
which he had first thought quite stationary.

  It hung lower like a creamy, misty pall over
the whole sea. He frowned, but gave it little
more attention. He wanted food. The rigorous
cold had roused a gnawing hunger and despite
his dry clothes he was chilled and uncomfort-
able. For half an hour he cast his noose with
varying success, but nothing edible yielded to
his cast. Shirts, overalls, and sheets were the
sum of his salvage.

  Discouraged he piled up the shirts, underwear
and sheets to make a fairly comfortable bed and
crawling down into them he lay quiet and tried
to sleep. He did succeed in dozing a little, but
the cold crept in and what sleep he did get was
fitful and restless. Finally he gave it up and
crawled out from under his pile of dry goods to
light a fire and make use of the store of gasoline
under him.

  Outside the cover he surveyed a new world.
Something had happened to the earth glow. It
was blanketed in haze. He looked about a bit
startled by the thick murk. The whole sea was
swaddled with a white canopy, which floated
just above his head. None of it fell or touched
the sea. It was much as though it had settled
down upon a great skylight of glass. Not mo-
tionless exactly for it was descending evenly,
very, very slowly—like shadows creeping into
a valley—settling slowly down to the face of
the sea.

  Dick knew what danger lurked in that de-
scending veil. When the curtain fell everything
would be obscured. If he was to find refuge from
the long night ahead he had to strike out at
once. He slid from the tank onto his beam and
paddled ahead. He went in a straight line for
several minutes to look about for any possible
boat. There was only the same general litter as
he had found about the gasoline tank. Again he
paddled for several minutes more and repeated
the searth. Now the white veil was so close as
to reach to his head. It was like a vast circus
top being let down upon him. It had an oppres-
sive nearness that reminded him of a time long
ago when he was a little boy caught under the
floor of a great house.

  He tried to move away from it. It mocked him,
it set him into an insane fury. He put greater
effort into his strokes. His improvised paddle
swept up great swirls of water which left rip-
ples far back and started bits of wreckage to
bobbing all about. His one hope was a ship
that might some way have weathered the chaos.
He felt that one must be waiting for him. That
much was only fair, since everything else had
failed. Surely one of the hundreds that had been
in the harbor when the dark star passed, had
wallowed up with its bulkheads unbroken. Yet
his frantic search went on and on without any
sign of success.

  He passed great islands of peculiar looking
flesh, broken and fissured, either by the churn-
ing waters or the release from the great pressure
which had been at the lower depths of the oceans.
They were weird, grotesque things, some of them
still phosphorescent. Many with wide, leaf-like

flippers, some with long hoselike tentacles. He
paddled away from the unsightly masses, thread-
ing the litter of boxes, barrels, auto tires, car-
casses of horses, cows, and now and then birds
and wild animals. Bodies of dead people were
here but not many considering the number of
those on earth who must have been swept away
with the flood.

  And as he paddled, disregarding all small
salvage, in his search for some kind of cover, the
great white tent fell slowly about him, until it
rested squarely upon the sea.

  He was trapped!

CHAPTER IV.

No Longer a Savage!

ONLY the sheerest chance would take him
within sight of a derelict ship, if there was
such a thing on this ungodly sphere. He wished
himself back upon the iron tank. Desolate and
open as it was, it was much better than the rig-
orous sea.

  He paddled feverishly, and stood up to look
about. All he could see was a hazy circle of
calm water; a sad, weird, yellowish world, spot-
ted with snowflakes which did not fall. The long,
inert body of a woman, “blurred, but unmistak-
able, with head hung down into the transparent
water, floated into the narrow circle of his vis-
ion. Of course she was dead, but with her face
down she seemed searching the depths for a
companion, someone she had lost and could not
rest without. It was ghastly, unnerving.

  He paddled away, leaving her bobbing in the
ripples of his retreat. Somehow that frightful
thing had awakened a new anxiety about Vir-
ginia. He could not give up. He had to believe
that the space ship would come back. Virginia
would manage it some way. She would make
Kris turn back. Even now she might be some-
where out there in the gloom. She was daring
and resourceful and would be more than a match
for Kris’s strong body and dull wits.

  He would find her, board the ship and con-
quer Kris. And yet even as he hoped, he knew
there was little chance of his finding the ship
if Kris suddenly decided that he was necessary
even if it returned to the Marine sphere. Even
in the safety of the vessel there was little prob-
ability that the man could ever steer it back to
a safe landing here. The ship’s compass had been
unbalanced by the new magnetic fields, and the
sky was filled with that snow curtain which
would confuse the most skillful navigator. And
Kris was only an amateur airplane pilot. And
still Dick paddled on, refusing to give up hope.

  That white veil fretted him. It dragged at his
courage. It was baffling, mysterious, disquieting.
Great stationary flakes of it packed the air, like
tufts of cotton hung thickly upon invisible
threads. A fake snow storm of vast proportions,
and yet it was intangible. It gave before his ad-
vance and evaded his grasp. A motion of his
hand set it all aflutter. It swirled and fled at the
slightest breath of air.

  Something loomed ahead. Something dark
272	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

and big, like the turret of a gunboat. He pad-
died toward it, his heart pounding excitably. He
recognized it with astonishment and disappoint-
ment. He had been moving in a circle. It was the
gasoline tank!

  With a bit of gratitude, even in his disappoint-
ment, he crawled to the top again and exchanged
his wet garments for dry ones. Then sliding un-
der the folds of his shakedown bed, he lay shiv-
ering until he could no longer endure the inact-
ive submission to the cold and gloom. He got
up now, with a plan. From the dry goods box
he secured a piece of fairly dry wood. Next he
got his pocket knife from the wet trousers he
had dropped upon the tank. They were frozen
stitf, but he managed to extract his knife.

  From the wood he made a bow and strung it
with string improvised from a shirt. Next he
made a wheel of wood and punctured it at the
center. Through this hole he passed a lancelet
of wood and around the lancelet he gave a twist
of the bowstring. This completed his firestick.
He placed the point of the lancelet upon a block
of wood and against it he laid a circle of cloth
which he had soaked in gasoline.

  Now he began to saw upon the bow, as he
held the lance against the block by another upon
its head. The lance revolved swiftly as he
worked his bow back and forth, and the wood be-
gan to scorch. He worked faster as he smelled
the delicious scent of hot pine. Faster and smoke
began to turn . . . faster, a spark glowed red!
He dropped his stick and blew upon it. The gas-
oline soaked cloth burst into flame.

  Fire! He was a savage no longer!

  He leaped to his feet and wadded up some
underwear and crawled down to the petcock to
soak it in gasoline. Back at his fire he dropped
the dripping garment into the blaze. Flames
roared up into the veil of snow. He put on more
fuel and was soon warm and comfortable for
the first time since he had left the earth.

  His next task was to find something to eat.
He piled new fuel upon the fire, and again board-
ed the big timber. The snow still wrapped his
entire world within its mysterious draperies, but
he knew the fire would make a beacon to lead
him back to his iron island. Mounting his "craft”
again he paddled boldly away.

  Half a mile or more from his tank, he was re-
warded. A barrel of cookies was his first find.
The cakes were soaked with water, but he pulled
them up on his log and turned about toward the
light. As he paddled he ate his fill of the sweet,
soggy cakes.

AN hour later beside his fire with thirst tor-
menting him he wished he had left the cook-
ies where he had found them. The snow tantal-
ized him. He walked about the tank touching
his tongue to flake after flake. They melted like
goldfish food in the mouth of a shark and with
as little relief. Not a trickle reached his throat.

  In spite of his thirst his mind was on Virginia.
Hours had passed since the ship took off and it
must either have broken away from the Marine’s
gravitation or had failed again and was some-
where out there in the night. Yet the more he

thought of it the more certain he became that
Kris would turn back.

  He put more fuel upon his fire. He shouted
loudly into the desolate waste which spread all
about. Determined to find out if Virginia could
be anywhere near he returned to his raft. A
mile from his beacon it appeared as a dim star
of light. That was as far as he dared go at first,
so he started a wide circle, calling out every few
strokes, but no answer came to him, not even an
echo of his own voice. It was lost in the hazy
veil as much as he was on the Marine sphere.

  After a bit he felt a vaporous cold as though
ice was near. A soft breeze blew in freshly
chilled as though it had passed over an ice field.
The temperature was cold, but it was not the dry
cold of falling temperature nor yet the feel of
cold air across the sea. Ice was the only answer
to it. And yet he knew there could be no ice,
for he was on the midnight pole and the water
had not frozen around him as yet. He set the
whole business down to his upset imagination
and then he saw that there was ice. A great
berg lifted almost in front of him. He had to
paddle swiftly to keep from ramming his log
into it. It swelled and grew, heaving up from
beneath until it caught him and hi? log and lifted
them high above the water. He stood upon its
glassy surface and endeavored to get his log
back into the water, but all around him cake up-
on cake of ice wallowed up to cover the entire
surface.

  He abandoned the idea of the log. It was use-
less in that field of ice. He could leap from
cake to cake and get back to his fire. Even as
he surveyed the bewildering miracle he won-
dered where it had come from. And the more he
pondered the more mysterious it seemed, for it
thickened and grew amazingly.

  Soon he became alarmed. His beacon was
weaving and jumping weirdly as though some
phantom had plucked it from the tank and was
using it in a ghoulish dance. The ice was toying
with the gasoline tank. He leaped from cake to
cake, making unbelievable speed, but he did not
run far. There came a burst of flame-lined
smoke, a scattering of spluttering blaze, a thun-
dering roar. Dick stopped, sick at heart. His
tank had exploded. The pressure of the gather-
ing ice must have opened its seams.

  He walked slowly onward toward the fire.
A warm heat reached him. The snow flakes fad-
ed away. The blaze burned a conelike hole up
through the snow. It penetrated up to the slate-
like cloud far above, which yielded to the heat
to let down a spot of Earthlight, pale and wan
in contrast with the lurid glimmer on the ice.

  The flame spread, in a widening circle about
the ice. The heat grew until it was unpleasant
even where he stood. All about him ice crystals
glittered and winked. Thirst became acute. Re-
membering that sea ice ejected four-fifths of its
salt as it froze, and hoping it might assuage his
thirst, he picked up a sliver of ice and sucked at
it. It tasted good. He rolled his tongue over it
in astonishment. There was no saltiness at all!

  Snow ice or fresh water ice, surely! But
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	273

where had it come from? Another mystery of
that strange watery sphere.

  Then he found something flat and black. A
seal! The Arctic? Of course that was the solu-
tion. As the water left the earth it had carried
with it the vast ice fields of the north and south
seas, and now that the churning of the water
was quieted, it was rising to cover the entire
sphere. It would soon pack down and thicken.
A new menace threatened Virginia and the ship
if they had been lucky enough to come back.
The space ship must already be surrounded
wherever it might be on the watery sphere, and
with escape cut off it would soon be frozen in
and crushed.

Warfare!

HE sat disconsolately upon an ice cake and
watched the gasoline burn itself out. A
stark, dead silence was all about except for the
crunch of rising ice cakfes, and that too was dead
like the thud of spaded dirt. Eternal night had
brought its companion, eternal silence, to bed
with it. It was a lifeless place. Even death has
its semblance of life. On Earth it meant the end-
ing of that which had been. It had beauties and
joys which were not without solace to the be-
reaved. But here everything was lifeless. This
frigid hemisphere grew nothing, nurtured no-
thing, bred no good nor lovely thing. He alone
was sentient in the vast graveyard of ghoulish
things. His iron nerve was near the break as he
stared bewildered into the maze of snow.

  He was Adam thrust from the Garden. The
last man instead of the first!

  How long he remained staring into the haze
he never recalled. But sometime later his de-
jected mood was broken by a distant stuttering
rattle like rifle fire!

  The ship! Then Virginia was back! A miracle
—a resurrection!

   Tossing an auto tire on the fire, he put vim into
his legs as he leaped from ice cake to ice cake
in the direction of the sound. Ahead of him the
mysterious night, the murk, the hazy, empty
loneliness no longer was a thing of horror. Vir-
ginia was there to fire his courage. He dashed
on fearing no penalty the desolate waste could
6xact.

  After several hundred yards of swift running
he stopped and shouted. The gunfire had
stopped with the first scattering volley. Now
dead silence hovered all about again. No one
answered him.

  He looked over his shoulder. His beacon had
failed or he had covered more ground than he
thought. Surely he must be quite near the ship.
He shouted again. There was no answer. Only
silence followed his cry. An intense hush that
was broken only by the crack and crunch of ice.

  Perhaps he had again travelled in a circle.
Perhaps he was lost?

  He smiled a bit ironically, his cheeks wrinkl-
ing painfully, they were so chilled. One spot
of this nightmare was about like another. Lost
from what? His fire? It would do him little
good when the extreme cold settled. Earth? It

was probably as desolate and barren as this icy
sphere.

  Virginia! The cracked lips drew thin. She was
all he had to lose. All that could make life on
this place bearable at all. After all it was some-
thing of this kind which had made Earth itself
bearable. Men had lived, worked, planned, and
accomplished—with the knowledge that they
were but spawn that would perish—all because
their lives held the leaven of love. He must find
her. A little of the panic he had fought so stoic-
ally seeped into his heart and he cried out fran-
tically, shout after shout, running about here
and there until he was entirely confused as to
which direction the ship might lie.

  There it came again, volley upon volley, no
signal surely—there was - fighting? Virginia
was in danger! Perhaps she was making a stand
against Kris!

  With his concern for her life, his own panic
died. He was his old calm, assured self again.
He hurried forward but plans of attack were
drumming through his head. He had no gun, but
he was sure he could outwit Kris by his super-
ior knowledge of the phenomena existing on
Marine.

  A bullet whinged past his ears. Despite the
warning Dick ran straight toward the report.
The ship towered into the snow veil, only vaguely
defined. Its lights were out but now and then a
spurt of orange flame burst from a port high up
in its bulk.

DICK saw a dark form upon the ice. He ran
to it and stooped down. The cook was
sprawled out sticky with blood, warm but cer-
tainly dead. Dick grabbed the gun which had
dropped near an out-flung arm and crept for-
ward more cautiously. A few feet further he
came upon a great barrier of ice. It was at least
ten feet high and probably twenty or more wide.
Wondering the why of it he crawled over it and
found the ship floating in a narrow pool of wa-
ter. Evidently the crew had been working to
keep the ship free of ice, but no one was about
although here and there cakes were rising and
skim ice glowed palely on the narrow circle of
open water.

  “Hello the ship!” he shouted, taking any risk
to find Virginia.

  High up against the dark hull flashed an oval
of light, and O’Malley’s disorderly mop of red
hair pushed through the port hole as a blade of
light dipped here and there, as though searching
for him. Fifteen or twenty feet beyond it glinted
upon steel. It whipped down a rifle barrel to re-
veal Kris sprawled against the ice. An orange
flash burst from the rifle. The flash fell, slow-
ly, twirling round and around as though let down
by a string, as though it were one of those slow
motion pictures. A beam of it caught O’Malley’s
big Irish face. He was sliding slowly backward
into the ship. The flash wallowed into the green
water, until its light was drowned.

  Another spurt of flame. That time a bullet
seared Dick’s thigh. He leaped into the air. He
felt much as a sack of feathers trying to leap
from earth. His leap was slow, but it carried
274	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

him high and far. It fooled Kris who expected
him to fling himself upon the ice, for another
bullet whinged close, sending up a shower of ice
particles. But Dick had lost his gun.

  He came down almost on top of Kris. The lat-
ter either heard or saw him for he yanked his gun
about for a deadly shot. Dick lunged ahead and
gripped the barrel ducking his head until it
rested across his shoulder. Kris dragged it down
inch by inch, until Dick could feel the muzzle
edging down along his shoulder into his neck.
Remembering the lightness of bodies he braced
a foot in a crevasse of the ice and with a sudden-
upward swing brought Kris, rifle and all, up over
his back.

  Kris pulled the trigger and the exploding pow-
der seared his coat and left little strings of fire
in the cloth. But the gun came free and Dick
flung it out into the night. Kris swore and
charged with his head lowered to find its mark
under Dick’s ribs. The blow sent him reeling for
ten feet, but he picked himself from the ice and
rushed. He was getting angry now. Much as
he realized that coolness alone would conquer
the big blonde, the thought of all that Kris had
done to repay their kindness gave him a burning
desire to treat the man to some of his own medi-
cine.

  He rushed in with violent swings to the paunch
and the jaw, swings which should have landed
to knock out any ordinary man. Instead they
seemed to have little effect. One right cut un-
der the jaw lifted Kris entirely from his feet and
pushed him up into the air as though he had
mounted stilts, but when he dropped he was
swearing but evidently unhurt. It became more
and more certain to Dick that with the light
weight the planet gave them both, he could never
land a blow that would knock Kris out. The
blows had nothing solid to back them up, one or
the other of the men bounded away as though
they were toy balloons. It was as though he were
pounding a wind bag held by no string. That
thought gave him the idea. Even a punching bag
could be given a good hard wallop when held in
one’s grip.

CHAPTER IV.

Mutiny!

ON his next charge he locked and caught Kris
by the scruff of the neck, and then swinging
back with his right he brought in a smashing
blow to the jaw.

  Kris bellowed as Dick came with an even more
violent blow to the paunch. Hitting below the
belt was not Dick’s code of fighting, but he was
mixing it with a man who had shot down two of
his crew and was trying to get him at any cost.
He could not be scrupulous as to where he put
his punches.

  The last blow doubled Kris into a knot. Dick
leaned over him long enough to lift his revolver
and then made a swift run for the ship. Virginia
was the one thought in his mind. He saw her in
the light where he had last seen O’Malley. She
too was whipping her flash about the ice trying

to discover him. When it did find him the flash
snapped out and he saw her hands fling up in
some kind of gesture where the dim light of the
room revealed her in the port hole. He felt some-
thing rasp across his face. It was a rope!

  He scrambled up with the agility of an ape
but heard Kris grunting and scrambling for the
gun. He shouted, warning Virginia from the
light. Instead she poked a rifle barrel through
the porthole and played such a tattoo of rifle
fire about Kris that he was glad to spring back
to the protection of the ice.

  When Dick crawled into the ship he closed the
steel shutters and drew Virginia into his arms.
He felt as though the miracle of resurrection
had given her to him again.

  As they stood there a long while—unmindful
of Kris banging away at the steel sides of the
ship—Virginia told him briefly what had hap-
pened while he was alone upon the sea.

  She had returned to the control room to find
Kris at the controls. Upon demanding where
Dick was, Kris had overpowered her and after
binding her had buckled her into one of the belts.
Then the fuel had given out and Kris had been
forced to return to the water. The crew had pro-
tested at Kris’s control; they were afraid Dick
might not agree with the attempt to return to
earth; and yet they were afraid for the weird
phenomena of the Marine sphere. O’Malley
and McGregor had remained firmly loyal, but
attempted no interference hoping to find some
way to outwit Kris who had the only weapons.

  Back on the sea they found the rising ice.
Knowing that should the ship freeze there would
be no hope of getting away even after sunup, un-
less the ice melted during the daylight, Kris set
the men to pushing the ice cakes clear of the
ship and sent Dennison out to search with the
hope that he might find a barrel of gasoline.

  Dennison soon came back with the word that
he had discovered a steel barrel of fuel about
three hundred yards from the ship, but he need-
ed a bar and axe to get it loose from the ice.

  Kris sent him back and prepared another at-
tempt to take off. Dennison came back with the
barrel and there was a lot of excitement as the
cap was unscrewed, but the fuel proved to be lu-
bricating oil.

  Kris sent out more men in search of fuel and
became enraged as they returned empty handed.
He cursed and swore and prodded the men work-
ing the ice, threatening to shoot every time a man
complained of frost bites and asked time to warm
himself inside the ship.

  “Just as he was about to send three of the
men out in another search for fuel,” Virginia
went on, “I saw a great flare spring into the snow
veil. Of course we guessed it was you and
begged Kris to let me go. He did not answer and
left the ship. O’Malley got into the control room
in some way while Kris was prodding the work
outside and released me, but made me promise
I would wait a bit and let him see what he could
do. I slipped outside and lay waiting, watching
your fire and wondering what I could do to help
you.

  “The men worked wearily, none of them had
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER	275

had any sleep since the ship took off. The ice
would not stay clear. The growing piles about
the ship were unstable and broke up to crowd
into the clear channel, until they froze to solid
ledges. But more and more ice came up from
under the water. Try as we did, we could keep
no more than five yards clear about the ship.
Finally the cook threw down his axe and swore.
He had enough he said. Might as well try to bail
out the water under the ship as pull out that
flood of ice cakes.

  “ ‘Get that scientist back on the job,’ he railed
in conclusion, ‘He’ll get us out of this, you big
hunk of bologna!’ ”

  She shivered and pressed a white hand upon
her eyes.

  “Kris shot him in cold blood,” she went on,
“Then he shouted at the men who had paused to
listen to the cook, for I believe each of them
secretly believed what the cook had dared to
say. ‘Dig in you,’ he roared, ‘and the next that
complains gets the same dose.’ /

  “ ‘This has gone far enough,’ Riggs shouted,
and raised his axe. Kris aimed his gun, but did
not fire. Something changed his mind, maybe it
was his determination to take off. We were al-
ready unable to keep back the ice. If he had no
care for a man’s life, he did care for his mus-
cles. There were left only Riggs, O’Malley, Mc-
Gregor, Dennison and myself. I wasn’t much at
prying the ice, though I did all I could.

  INSTEAD of shooting, Kris leveled his gun
into aim and gave Riggs the count of three
to change his mind. He stood stubbornly refus-
ing to yield and yet not quite daring to go on
against that levelled gun. Kris held his aim and
ordered O’Malley and Denison to tie him up.

  “O’Malley told Kris where he could go. Den-
nison said nothing at all, but stood with his two
hands holding his axe. Kris called to McGregor,
but he had slipped away into the night. I could
see this worried Kris a lot and that he was becom-
ing more and more desperate and angry. By that
time he swore furiously and blubbered a little
like a crazy man. Finally he shouted at me and
ordered me to tie Riggs up.

  “The awful night, the unreal motionless snow,
the piercing cold, and the ghastly feeling of be-
ing lost in a freak world had upset all of us,
and when Kris turned his eyes on me they were
big and horrible. He wasn’t sane, he was a fren-
zied, unreasoning animal! I picked up the wire.
Riggs put his hands together and held them out
to make it easier on me. His bravery made me
ashamed. I turned on Kris. I laughed at him.

  “You won’t eh?’ he bellowed, the more en-
raged that I dared to refuse. He swore. He
cursed in a way that staggered me. But I defied
him.

  “I was about two yards from Riggs, with Mc-
Neil and Dennison making a short semicircle be-
fore me. Kris came forward, walking cautious-
ly like a cat. His automatic covered the three
men as he advanced until he could reach me.
Then his hand shot out and he jerked me from
my position between him and Riggs and flung

me far enough away to isolate me from the hesi-
tating men.

  “They were not afraid, that was plain by ev-
ery posture and every line upon their faces. They
could die, but they wanted to protect me, and
that did not mean rushing the deadly menace of
that automatic.

  “ ‘Now you three,’ Kris commanded, ‘crowd
up closer. Closer, now stand there and the first
man that moves will get his.’

  “He backed over to where I lay a bit stunned
upon the ice.

  “ ‘Get up!’ he bellowed. I tried but my foot
had caught in an ice crevasse and was turned
so that I was slow in doing what he demanded.

  “ ‘Get up,’ he bellowed again, and that time
he kicked me with his foot. It didn’t hurt. I
might have been too frightened to feel it, for I
heard Riggs swearing, and I screamed at him,
not wanting him to get killed. But he came on.
Maybe he thought I was hurt. Kris brought him
down at the second or third leap. O’Malley was
a little apart from the group and stood there
as long as I could see him.

  “Then I felt myself picked up and found my-
self in McGregor’s arms. He must have been
waiting and watching out in the dark, for he
and O’Malley seemed to be working hand in
hand. As McGregor picked me up I saw O’Mal-
ley running and heard him shouting to attract
Kris’ fire. But McNeil and Dennison were also
closing in and by that time McGregor had me in-
side the ship. Later O’Malley came in and shut
the port hole. He wouldn’t tell me what hap-
pened. McNeil and Denison never came up.”

  As she finished her story she stood breathing
heavily from the excitement of her experience.
Kris had stopped his senseless firing. But soon
there came a hammering upon the steel, then a
muffled voice from below.

  “Let me in,” it demanded, “I’ll surrender.”

  Dick’s eyes grew cold and hard. His jaws were
set and his lips, usually so full and generous,
were thin and determined.

  “We’ll have to do something soon,” he said
more to himself than the girl. “Ice is already
closing the water and if we freeze fast we are
done.”

  “What can we do?” she asked, “The engines
died for lack of fuel. Kris left not a drop in the
tanks.”

  Another pounding upon the metal side. “Hey,
Dick. You can’t do that way. “I’ll freeze out
here. I give up. You can’t leave me out here to
freeze!”

  “Are you going to let him in?” Virginia asked
her eyes growing a bit wide.

  “We’ve got to do something,” he insisted hard-
ly knowing he had spoken. He was thinking,
thinking hard.

  “Are you going to let him freeze, Dick?” Vir-
ginia asked again and there was half a plea in
her terrified eyes.

  “Great Heavens!” Dick exclaimed leaping
across the corridor to the gun case. Virginia
looked at him puzzled, as though she thought he
too had gone crazy with the rest of the world.
He got out two rifles, two automatic 45’s and
276	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

handed one of each to Virginia. Then he handed
her a belt of cartridges as he buckled one about
his own waist.

  “You hold the ship,” he commanded, “I almost
forgot McNeil and Dennison. We can’t leave
them on the chance that they are dead. I’ve got
to find them before we think of taking off.”
“Kris?” she exclaimed as he opened the port-
hole. “I don’t trust him, Dick!”

  “I neither,” he laughed as he flashed his light
about over the ice, “but don’t worry, I’ll come
back all right.”

  Her hand went to her mouth, doubled into a
small white fist which pressed hard against her
lips. Her eyes begged him to stay back, but she
only said, "Oh, be careful, Dick, please!”

  He picked up the lifeless body of O’Malley and
shoved it through the porthole. There came a
spurt of fire, the whine of a rifle shot and the
dead plop of a bullet in flesh. Dick closed the
port hole and ran hurriedly to one of the far side
of the vessel. Opening it quickly he slid out into
the night.

A New Phenomenon!

HE hit the ice skim with little force, but his
weight, light as he was, ripped open the
half inch crust and sent a shower of ice particles
flying all about. Dick crawled upon an ice cake
and lay very still. A dark shadow edged along
the ice barrier from behind the ship. Was it
Kris?

  Dick pulled his automatic and waited cauti-
ously. The shadow flipped from ice cake to ice
cake, advancing steadily. Behind a large cake
it disappeared and Dick waited. He was fairly
positive it was not Dennison or McNeil and yet
he could not be sure. One of them, might be alive
and have mistaken him for Kris.

  Only the steady rhythm of his breathing
marked the passing of time as he waited the at-
tack he felt sure was coming. Every minute, ev-
ery second was precious. The ice was thickening,
freezing in the ship. Eternal winter was sink-
ing its claws into the steel. He not only had to
get the ship away but find some fuel to run the
engines.

  From behind the ice came the roar of a rifle
shot, and there was a crackling and splintering of
ice at his side.

  “Is that you, Kris?” he called.

  The answer was another shot. Neither McNeil
nor Denison would have done that. It was Kris.
But what had become of McNeil and Denison?
He had to know before he left the ice and went
back to the ship.

  “Kris,” he called compromisingly, “I wouldn’t
leave a snake to what is coming out here. Throw
down your gun and I’ll let you come aboard.”
Kris laughed a harsh, uncompromising laugh,
and fired again. Dick felt he had every reason
to shoot Kris down, He believed he could end
him with one shot, for a crack in the ice revealed
a sector of the big body behind the cake. Yet
he lay waiting. Something within him would not
permit that deadly shot.

  “Where are McNeil and Denison?” he asked
after a bit.

  Kris laughed with a tinge of triumph in his
mirth. “Dead as mackerel,” he came back,
“You’ll join them soon enough.”

  “You told me you’d surrender if I’d take you
aboard.”

  “Too late,” Kris snapped back, I’ve got you
where I want you now.”

  There was another wait. Finally,

  “I’m going to kill you, Kris. I don’t want to,
but you make it so I can’t do anything else.”

  The answer was another shot and a shower of
ice particles right in Dick’s face. Kris was get-
ting his location. Cautiously he moved about for
better shelter.

  And all the time Dick was thinking of Virginia
and the ship. The pool about the ship was freez-
ing thicker and thicker. Dick knew their chances
of surviving were being frozen with it.

  And then he noticed that his breathing was
ticking off the minutes with a faster beat. He
was soon gasping as though he had been running.
His lungs in some way could not get their fill of
air. He noticed also that the snow veil was lift-
ing. Already the bottom of it was three feet or
more off the sea. It was going up, not with the
imperceptible slowness with which it had come
down, but swiftly like an elevator. The yellow
light of earth was returning like the moon rising
into a dark night. He flung himself upon his back
to get a better view of that snow curtain.

  Dick knew almost at once what was happen-
ing. The tiny sphere of water did not have grav-
itational influence enough to hold the atmo-
sphere against the pull of the much larger earth.
Soon Marine would be as barren of air as the
moon. Life could not exist anywhere upon it.
The cold would flood in quickly with its blanket
pulled off. The sea would soon be cracking and
exploding to the stab of the cold.

  Kris was still firing at intervals, unaware of
what was taking place. Dick slid softly away.
He had to get into the ship at once. Virginia’s
life and his own depended upon it. McNeil and
Denison were surely dead or they would be mak-
ing some attack upon Kris, or at least shouting
their whereabouts upon the ice.

  He rounded the prow of the ship. The light
was now that of a bright full moon on earth. As
he rounded the ship he saw Virginia at the port
hole looking for him. Again she tossed the rope,
but he made one swift search about before he
went up. The increased light revealed McNeil
and Denison not far from where Kris had been
when Dick reached the ship. Both were dead.
He ran back to the rope and went up it quickly,
his lungs breathless, blood trickling from his
nostrils.

  Inside he shut the port hole and opened the
oxygen valves. But his problem was far from
being solved. In but a few minutes the ship
would be frozen tight. With a few days it would
buckle and break to the exploding ice. The en-
gines had no fuel and the lack of atmosphere
forbade a search for any container of gasoline
floating upon the sea.
THREE WORLDS TO CONQUER

  He took Virginia by the hand. She smiled at
him.

<(\T OU’RE a brave kid,” he said a bit huskily,
X “You’ll need every bit that’s in you.”
“We’re lost?” she asked.

  “Not a chance,” he admitted. “But there is
a fool stunt I’m going to try. It’s fantastic, hard-
ly what one would call a chance, but it’s all we
have and with your leave,” he bowed low in
mock courtesy, “Madam, I’ll sink the ship.”
“What?” she cried. “No, let’s stick it out here,
suicide is cowardly.”

  “That was farthest from my thoughts, Ma-
dam,” he continued his mock role. He pulled the
lever which opened the flood gates to the hold.
He put his arm about her encouragingly. “This
sphere is all water. I am going to let the ship
sink to its center, head it up the other way, pump
the water from the hold, and wc will float up,
up, up, until we are on the sunny side where our
sun engines can do their bit. Earth will be liv-
able with the air back on its surface and there
should be enough underground water left to nour-
ish us until the satellites fall.”

  There came the uneasy feeling of a settling
vessel, the long sharp cracking and popping of
ice which strained at its hull.

  “But there is no fuel, Dick, none at all. Not
even for the pumps. Kris drained it all!”

  “I’ll find a way,” Dick assured her.

  “How?” she demanded.

   “It’s a secret,” he said trying to make light of
the danger, “You’ll promise not to give me away
to the prohibition squad?”

  “You mean?”

  “Sure, why not? A few barrels of mash, it will
sour nicely as we settle down and down. A home
made still, and presto, chango, corn into fuel!
Simple, no?”

  “But the law,” she retaliated, rising to his
mood.

  “Made under government supervision,” he
came back at her.

  “You’re great, Dick,” she exclaimed.

  He walked over to the port glass to take a
last look at the queer world under which they
were sinking. His face sobered the minute he
turned away from her. Dick was in no wise
fooled as to the dangers ahead.

  Beyond the porthole he surveyed the queer
world for the last time, and wondered what new
horrors were in store. The ship was sinking slow-
ly, but surely. The ice field below rose steadily
to meet the level of the port. And as it sank the
clouds rose higher and higher from the sea until
the big Earth rode clean and glowing like a cop-
per shield. The sea was brilliant, the ice radiant
with golden fires, as though they had found them-
selves marooned on some fabled island of beryl
and topaz. Again the ragged fields of ice seemed
all aflame, changing hues with every foot the
ship sank.

  He took off his cap in salutation to the brave
men he was leaving there. They had died loyal-

The

277

 ly in defense of the ship and Virginia. The cir-
 cle of his vision narrowed with the descent of
 the ship until only the ice barrier—yellow, lum-
 inous, beautiful, sparkled and glistened like a
 great yellow opal, evil as one in the magic light.
 He gave one last look at the heavens beyond,
 stars bright as electric bulbs, in spite of the start-
 ling brilliancy of the big yellow earth.

   There he saw a strange ghost-like thing, some-
 thing only simulated by a whirl of nebula far
 out in space. It was a long cigar-shaped vapor-
 ous mass, whirling with its point straight toward
 the big yellow earth. The envelope which pro-
 tected men, the life-giving air they breathed, was
 made visible by the burden of moisture mixed
 with it. It was being drawn back, a mighty cy-
 clone across the thousand miles of cosmos, to the
 earth from which it came.

   He watched it go hopelessly. How long his oxy-
 gen tanks would last and what conditions they
 would meet on the far side, should they survive,
 he had no idea. Watching it he saw the ice bar-
 rier rise beyond the port, the green water washed
 the edge of it. He felt the uneasy movement
 of the vessel as though it were a freezing bucket
 there in the ice and some giant hand was slowly
 beginning to turn it around. AH about the ice
 fields became restless, there was s crunching and
 grinding of the ice cakes. The sea was begin-
 ning to whirl about as though caught in a vortex
 of the storm. He closed the port shield and
 found Virginia beside him. He took her hand
 and put an arm about her, offering her his
 presence to sustain her courage. She must know
 what they were risking on that trip to the bot-
 tom of the sea. Tremendous pressures would
 increase at every mile, even though they were
 but a fraction of those at the same depth of
 water upon the earth. The vessel had been built
 for shocks and pressures, but could any man-
 made vessel endure that under fifty or a hundred
 miles of water? Dick had his doubts. He had
 heard of water being forced through cast iron
 balls when lowered to a great depth in the old
 Earth sea. Yes, he had his doubts; but still he
 tried to smile reassuringly as Virginia’s pene-
 trating look searched his face.

   And then he felt a bucking and swaying of the
 ship, a lunging and pounding of ice against the
 hold. A churning and turning which caused him
 to buckle both Virginia and himself back into
 their belts. Gravity again becamc disturbed and
 played freaks with the furnishings of the room.

   “Don’t worry, Virgie,” he shouted as he fas-
 tened her into her belt, “I understand now what
 is going on. The sea is falling back to earth in
 a spiral. It is following the trail of the air, but
 less swiftly. Our velocity keeps us from falling
 directly to the earth, but it is not enough to keep
 us from falling. We won’t have to sink the ship
 now. If our provisions hold out. and I am sure
 they will, old mother earth will have us back.
 She will have a new Adam and Eve to start house-
 keeping within a year at the most.”

End.
278	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

The Scarlet Planet

  (Continued from Page 206)

 mained regarding their guest. She was so ex-
 quisitely innocent and lovely that physical pas-
 sion seemed hushed like a shamed thing in her
 presence. Yet the corporal feared, when famil-
 iarity should dull this delicate halo of innocence
 that nature would resume itself in the two
 healthy, combative young fellows above stairs,
 and they would fall upon one another in a fierce
 primal rivalry for the possession of this jewel
 of femininity.

 BUT the little corporal held himself to be stuff
 of another sort than his companions. He
 had left the earth and journeyed to distant plan-
 ets, ostensibly to gain his daily bread in the clean
 interests of science, but within this circle of ef-
 fort was another circle, which was to aid in es-
 tablishing the aims of the Runners of Navare
 throughout the cosmos. While within this sec-
 ond circle was the secret and inmost circle of his
 genius and purpose—to track down C-X, the Mas-
 ter Criminal of the known universe. There
 were but ninety-nine members of that inner cir-
 cle, each sworn to kill C-X at sight.

   Davidson had followed a rumor of the Master
 f Criminal as far as Kopex, only to be compelled
 to abandon that planet in great haste with Bail-

ee,	Hal-Al, and the man Jaquet, and now he
: was sidetracked, and he feared hopelessly so, on

 1	this great scarlet planet, and must resign the
 palm of victory to some other member of the
 Ninety-Nine. Yet perhaps no man would ever
 achieve such fame as to track and destroy the
 subtle C-X.

   But now, in the presence of this lovely girl, the
 little corporal felt himself slipping. Slipping
 back into the crude, easy harness of a man, from
 the difficult yoke and livery of an almost priestly
 purpose.

   But, as their guest smiled and threw back her
 shining hair, Davidson suddenly turned, for Hon-
 or had tapped his shoulder and dragged himself
 upstairs from the treacherous quicksands of fan-
 cy. He joined his two companions, who had
 wrapped their hands in strips of cloth-like fab-
 ric and were fiercely boxing.

   “We had best be moving along,” he said, crav-
 ing the saving salt of action, that he might not
 again be tempted by the too sweetly dangerous
 fancies of idleness. "A little action may show
 us a better plan than hiding away quietly for
 days.”

   He turned to the pilot board, to study it again
 when, glancing casually from the observatory
 window, he saw that the sphere was moving.

CHAPTER XX
The Relentless Prison

DAVIDSON smothered his ejaculation of sur-
prise, almost alarm, as he realized the
sphere was moving of itself. He tried to bring
it to a standstill by pressing the accustomed key,
but unsuccessfully. Then he sought to turn it

 aside, but it continued steadily ahead. He fuss-
 ed a bit with the pilot-board, thinking it jammed;
 then observed that they were moving directly
 towards the great purple wall about the City of
 Forbidden Ladies. Had the sphere been caught
 in some current of power, by chance or purpose,
 and was being drawn towards the Forbidden
 City? Or had they been tricked by their fair
 guest below, who was familiar with some secret
 method of directing the sphere?

  He informed his companions of the situation,
and they decided to go below and learn if the
girl had started the sphere, or if she could stop
it. But they were unable to make her under-
stand. They used every civil persuasion, and
when it came to uncivil persuasion none of them
would volunteer or be conscripted for the harsh
purpose.

  “If I can’t get her to smile it out, I’ll never
make her weep it out,” said Hal-Al. “Let’s get
out of here and put up a clean fight in the open.”
They tried the bolt that released the door, but
while the bolt moved freely the door refused to
open. They were trapped by a secret bolt.
Davidson raised his automatic and sent a projec-
tile through one of the side observatory win-
dows, thinking to shatter the glass-like sub-
stance, that they might escape from the sphere
by this means. But the steel projectile merely
passed through the window clean as a die. Then,
with the butt of his automatic, for there was no
heavier object to be had, he sought to shatter
the transparent sheet, but it neither cracked nor
loosened, and but dented very slightly.

  They scattered about the sphere, seeking to
find way of escape, but unsuccessfully. David-
son smashed the pilot-board, hoping to turn the
sphere from its course, if not stop it; but it con-
tinued directly ahead towards the purple walls,
as insensible as time to persuasion.

  Bailee sighed. “We might as well expect tri-
gonometry to have a heart and change its self-
determination as for this big marble to turn
aside. If I was only in Mexico now, wouldn’t I
go up and see auntie Columbia quick!”

  “You’re a coward and afraid to die!” rumbled
Hal-Al. “Go wash your petticoat!”

  “You lie!” grinned Bailee. “It isn’t leaving
life, I mind; it’s leaving the girls. There may be
spiritual girls beyond death, but I fear these spir-
itual girls have no kick in them.”

  “There’ll be a kick wherever I go, or I’ll put
the kick in it,” scowled Hal-Al. “We’ll line up
here beside the door, and the instant it’s opened,
we’ll smash!”

  They fell to examining their automatics. Hal-
Al had four shots remaining, Bailie none, while
Davidson had two. They divided even, this giv-
ing each man two shots for a break for life and
liberty.

  “I don’t feel my time is coming yet,” growled
Hal-Al. “But I feel there’s a hell of a time com-
ing for some one else!”

  “Fooh!” said Bailee. “These scientific fellows
here will just have to snap their scientific thumb-
THE SCARLET PLANET	279

and-digit at you and your head will drop off,
like—”

  “Like what? Go on, finish your fool compari-
son. What! your elocution legs haven’t become
palsied at the sight of death, that you must sit
down on the first comma and gasp for breath.

I	thought your jaw would carry twenty words
into death, like the muddy Amazon carries twen-
ty miles into the clean Pacific. Like what?”

  “Save your breath to cool the sulphur pudding
you’re soon going to eat,” grinned Bailee. He
extended his hand to Hal-Al. “Shake hands be-
fore you go! I have been chosen to remain with
life, you have been chosen to go to death! Life,
the blonde, and death, the brunette! Girls of
Fate, Hal; and you for the dark and me for the
light. Step before the curtain, Hal: Death has
called you out to clap you, and hand you his
bouquet of persimmon blossoms, while Life is
waiting for me around at the stage door, with a
hat full of love-notes.”

HAL-AL shook hands. “Death has lost its
sting to me, since I hear you are to remain
behind!”

  Bailee turned to Davidson. “I have a few
words to say to you, before you cross the Great
Divide. Take them and cherish them, for where
you go there are no more words, since words are
unavailing. Remember, always I loved you, not
for what you were but for what you might have
been. Look after Hal, for I need not ask you to
look after yourself. The foolish lambs need to
be led to the pastures, but the goats have already
fenced the choicest pastures with barbed-wire.
Fear not the devil, for you have served him faith-
fully these many years, and now you go to your
reward. Man, born of woman, is reborn of many
other women before he dies, and there you will
meet them all, Belle, Margaret, Kate, and fat
Louise. And so, Farewell!”

  The little corporal shook the mocking fellow’s
hand somewhat grimly, for they were now ap-
proaching the purple wall at great speed, as com-
pared with their former progress. Was the game
about over—were they but helpless pawns to be
swept from the plane of physical existence by the
hand of destiny, to be arranged again and played
as pawns in a greater or lesser game on the yet
invisible plane of spiritual life. Or to be chucked
into the discard of unconsciousness and oblivion?

  Suddenly the sphere slowed down. Then they
came into the shadow cast by the purple wall, a
broad gate swung open before them, and they
glided into the City of Forbidden Ladies.

  “All out for Omaha!” grinned Bailee.

  “It’s sweet and clean, like Chicago—since you
left it,” growled Hal-Al.

  “Now I am about to die,” said Bailee. “I will
tell the whole truth about Chicago. Chicago—”

  The door of the sphere glided open and Bai-
lee’s jaw shut like a steel trap and his gray eyes
glinted dangerously. Hal-Al, with a step, placed
himself by his comrade’s side. Davidson knew
that they would die together, fighting for each
other to the last. He sprang before them. He
might stay death a moment till they had found
an avenue of escape. He had fetched them to

this scarlet planet and lost the great plane, and
so deserved to receive the first thrust of calamity.
Besides, he was a courageous man, and jealous
of his honor. He would lead them against the
enemy.

  The girl stood to one side, holding in her hand
the clear blue vessel from which the men had
lately drank. It was filled with water. She
seemed to scan the water, as if it were a crystal
in which Futurity was writing an important mes-
sage. Suddenly she left off scanning the water
and came and poured it before Bailee’s bare,
tanned feet. Then, putting down the vessel, took
her position on his left hand, gazing levelly be-
fore her in clear-eyed content.

The End of C-X

BAILEE grinned. “Never mind, my girl, you
needn’t pour your heart out at my unfrocked
feet like water. I’ll drink it from your lips as I
want it, and if death doesn’t win the next throw
out of the little old dice box of chance, I’ll get a
shave and hair-cut and marry you, and all the
little honey-fisted Joys will fill our days and
nights with peach blossoms and bubbling rain-
bows.”

  The sphere now came to a standstill, but
though the door was wide open the men hesitated
to leap forth, for there was a hush as of death
itself just without.

  “Let ’em make the first move,” rasped Hal-Al
to Davidson. “Then we’ll smash!”

  They waited, but the enemy was too cunning
to make the first move. Or else did not need to
make any more, for the three men were already
fast in the trap.

  Davidson stepped from the sphere. He was no
coward, but there is a circle of fear in every
man’s heart that cannot be wholly removed. Its
eradication would shortly remove the physical
man himself through his total disregard of dan-
gers, and this circle in the little corporal’s heart
now dilated in the presence of real or imagined
danger till he paled slightly. Had he been able
to recognize the danger he might have smashed
at it and gained courage from the blows that
warmed his blood with action, but though he be-
lieved there was extreme danger near there was
nothing to lift his hand against. It was like fight-
ing emptiness.

  Then he gasped, as his eyes adjusted them-
selves to the brighter light without. Close on his
right was docked the great planet-plane, with
its fore-port thrown wide open and the bridge
down. He turned to Hal-Al and Bailee standing
just at his back, staring at the plane. Beside
Bailee stood the girl, with her hand in his.

  “I’ll go first," Davidson directed. “If I’m not
stopped, follow at once.”

  He was about to dash across the open space
lying between him and the plane, when two fig-
ures came from the open port of the plane and
advanced towards him. The situation was as
bare of all theatrical accessories as an ancient
Greek tragedy, yet it was as dramatic to David-
son.

There was no mistaking one of the two figures
280	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

approaching. It was the man Jaquet, who had
treacherously overcome the little corporal and
made away with the planet-plane. His compan-
ion was a woman, and her vivid beauty was such
that at first sight reason skipped a beat in Dav-
idson’s brain and a fleeting madness pulsed to
possess her. She paled the exquisite girl beside
Bailee as scarlet pales a delicate pink. Hal-Al
gave a look and was lost.

   Jaquet lifted his hand as a sign of silence, and
a strange smile of power played about his thin
lips.

  “It has pleased myself,” he said, in his deep,
sonorous voice, “to invite you into the City of
Forbidden Ladies, and since I have been inform-
ed by secret communication that you have saved
the friend of my fiancee from my blood-toads
who found her chasing a love-moth outside the
walls and stole her, I beg each of you to select of
my ladies ten of the fairest to accompany you
back to the earth as treasure of ineffable de-
light.”

  Davidson could scarcely remove his eyes from
the woman beside Jaquet. I* this radiant beauty
was the latter’s fiancee, who then was this man
that he had appraised but as a penniless-obscure
opportunist? “I thank you for your generous
offer," said the little corporal, “but my purpose
here is merely to recover the planet-plane and re-
turn to the earth, satisfied that since there ap-
pears to be no night on this planet, it will scarce-
ly serve as a suitable habitation for a colony from
the earth."

  “You have seen but our day,” replied Jaquet.
“We have also a night of equal length, when
there is no light but one small golden moon in
the sky, and light not anywhere else but in the
eyes of lovely women.”

  Then Davidson saw the fatal sign. It lay just
above the high, thin nose, at the base of the high,
thin forehead, the sign of C-X, the Master Crim-
inal of the known universe. He had followed a
rumor of this man to Kopex, but that very man
had accompanied him there in the guise of a half-
charlatan, half-philosopher, and he had never
dreamt the truth, for only now had the sign be-
come visible to him. Perhaps because only now,
in a moment of relaxed caution, Jaquet had failed
to conceal the sign with the trick of his high
wrinkled brow.

THE little corporal swung up his automatic
and fired, straight at the accursed sign, as
he had swung up his automatic and fired at ten
thousand glass balls thrown from a trap, that he
might acquire the expeditiousness and certainty
of mind and hand that would thrust out of the
physical worlds this master criminal, who best
served Lucifer, the Devil.

  It was this man’s secret and dastardly manipu-
lation of power credits, while he was secretary of
the Third Credit Board, that plunged the earth,
Venus, Jupiter and Saturn into the terrible fin-
ancial panic of ’42, followed by the Great Inter-
planetary Pestilence, whose spontaneous recep-
tive centers were not isolated and broken down
by the Klung opti-serum until billions had died,
or been hopelessly paralyzed. And it was his re-

morseless Iago humor that staged the Sid Savior,
that enthusia-irritant whose mysticism incited the
unspeakable race massacres of planet Cid Quix.

   Besides these cataclysms of misfortune which
could be directly traced to C-X, the Master Crim-
inal, there were a hundred lesser atrocities that
smelt too strongly of his unholy lamp of genius
to emanate from any other light. Evidently the
scarlet planet was his harem-star, where he re-
tired from time to time to rest from his pernicious
labors, and renew his physical body with the
salts of 4-X-Olite.

   The two steel projectiles from the automatic
of the little corporal toppled the Master Crim-
inal to the ground, where he writhed like a snake
at the feet of his slayer. Seizing Bailee’s automa-
tic, Davidson emptied its contents into the writh-
ing form, then casting the weapon down, shout-
ed: “The devil is dead! Quick! to the plane be-
fore his blood-toads get us!”

  He ran towards the open port of the planet-
plane, and even as he turned and ran the dark-
ness came. It may have been the night of the
scarlet planet, coming upon them without any
twilight in the dustless air. Or some celestial
calamity may have instantly obscured the sun-
star above them. In both instances a purely phy-
sical phenomenon of the physical cosmos. Or
the transcendent powers of evil so suddenly re-
leased from the person of the Master Criminal
may have been retarded an instant from absorp-
tion by the spiritual cosmos, and beaten back
like a billow of smoke just before the flame
bursts, and clouded and darkened an area of the
physical world.

   But whether natural or supernatural, or some-
thing of both, sudden darkness came upon the
three men, and Hal-Al and Bailee were alarmed
into flight almost at the heels of the little cor-
poral. They dashed into the planet-plane, where
Davidson hurled himself through the murky light
to the pilot-board, while his companions shot the
massive bolts of the fore-port.

   In another minute the great planet-plane arose
amidst a down-sweeping hurricane of hail and
fire, that tore at the plane like furies at a living
creature, and Davidson saw some sights through
the pilot’s observatory window that he would
never speak of, for there are things for speech
and there are things for silence, and of the latter
were these.

   The little corporal was confident that the sud-
den oncoming of darkness, r.nd the fury of the
storm that swiftly followed, had justified his acts
to his two companions, for they did not censure
him at all. Neither for killing Jaquet—Davidson
was confident his bullets had killed the Master
Criminal—nor for abandoning the scarlet planet.
The two young fellows went' about their duties
of bringing the planet-plane back to the earth,
as soberly and orderly as their superior could
have desired, seemingly indifferent, to the sudden
turn of the wheel of adventure.

  But Davidson was completely fooled by his
merry companions. The instant obscurity had
come over the scene, youth had leapt into the
arms of youth. The girl from the scarlet sphere
had leapt into the arms of Bailee, and the fiancee
THE SCARLET PLANET

281

of the Master Criminal had leapt into the arms
of Hal-Al, and they had fled into the planet-plane
through the murk, at the very heels of the little
corporal. Here the two happy lovers had con-
cealed their sweethearts abaft, with Chang and
Chow, the cat and dog mascots, to amuse them
when they were alone, and after landing on the
earth they had smuggled them from the plane
without Davidson’s knowledge.

  Some months later, after the store of 4-X-Olite,
that the little corporal had gathered on the scar-
let planet, was removed from the plane, tested,
sold, and credited in his name and the name of
his two companions, making them the richest
of earth men, Davidson was invited to a dinner
where Hal-Al and Bailee confessed in high de-
light to the truth about the two girls, and brought
forth from an inner room the lovely and visible
proofs of the verity of their confession, begging
him to do the honors of Best Man at their formal
wedding. Afterwards they presented Davidson
with a great gold shield, on one side of which
was a life-size image of himself in a kind of crude
toga, killing a serpent with an automatic, while
on the other side were several original verses,
compounded of their best wit and affection, and
reading:

 John Howard Davidson

 Without a doubt
 A good old Scout!

 He turned the trick
 And nicked Old Nick!

 Long may he live
 To take and give,

 And still believe
 Truth’s up his sleeve!

 And when at last
 His term is past,

 And he is not
 Here, nor forgot,

 May Story limn
 The Grit of him

 And make his name
 An heir of Fame!

THE END

FOR THE FEBRUARY ISSUE OF WONDER STORIES

we offer a galaxy of science fiction stars

Ray Cnmmings

master of science fiction has written for ns his new short gem

“THE GREAT TRANSFORMATION”

     Here Is a story, intense from the first to the last word. The theme is as big as the whole race, and
is a symbol of the destiny of the race. What is it that separates ns from the brute, that gives us our in-
telligence, humanity and our soul 1 Mr. Cummings answers these Questions in this, the most dramatlo of his
stories.	__

Dr. David H. Keller

breaks his long silence in our columns to entertain and thrill our readers with his new story of a gigantic
international plot.

“THE SLEEPING WAR”

Is in every sense a modern story. It shows that if a small group wished to control our lives and destinies
they would take advantage of the best scientific knowledge and they would bring about very gently a Btato
of affairs that would strike terror into the heart of every man, woman and child.

P. Schuyler Miller

winner of the Air Wonder Stories Cover Contost is one of our real "finds”. Ho brings to science fiction
a freshness of viewpoint and a vivid method of telling a story. His latest

“DUST OF DESTRUCTION”

is by fsr the best we have seen from him. A menace more terrible than anything a human could conceive
strikes at the earth. In tho swirling masses of dust that drift to earth, there is contained a suggestion
of terrible death for millions, a fiendish plan of inhuman brains . . . This is an interplanetary story par
excellence.

Joslyn Maxwell

fs taking ns now to little Ganymede, satellite of the giant Jnpiter, where we are to take part in the las*
acts of this stirring interplanetary drama

“THE OUTPOST ON THE MOON”

    Here we are to meet face to face a strange race whose minds and hearts oar expedition must plumb.
What are the strange plans of these people . . . will the expedition succeed and bring back to earth tho
tidings that all is well and the danger is over . . . f

And other stories in this consteltation of the stars of science fiction.

THE FEBRUARY ISSUE ON SALE JANUARY 1,1931
282	WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

Pithecanthropus Island

      (Continued from Page 237)

   “Well, in that case,” answered Franklin, “we
are in for lots of trouble. We shall have to bolt
for our safety-ledge. That is why I propose to
draw them up the river so that, if we cannot start
the engines, we can dash down stream and cut
across through that break in the jungle to the
other side of the loop, instead of going around,
to avoid being cut off. That is the chance we
shall have to take.”

   “And what if in a forced flight through that
jungle avenue we should happen to run into a
number of the ape-men who may be returning
just then from some hunt—and that howling
horde at our heels?”

   “Then we shall have to shoot our way through
the best we can,” replied the other.

   So it was decided.

*	* *

   A few hours later, with the afternoon far ad-
vanced, the three had forded the river below the
cliff-dwellings of the horde; and after skirting
the jungle edge on the opposite side of the river,
recrossed out of sight around the bend over the
upper ford. A short distance farther, where the
bluffs gave way to the jungle, the aviators en-
tered the forest growth and tied the alarm clock
well up in a tree. After timing the alarm so it
would ring in an hour, they repaired to the other
side of the river just below the horde. The
alarm was of the intermittent type and could ring
repeatedly for a long time at frequent intervals;
it also had an automatic shut-off that silenced it
for about fifteen minutes, before it began another
series of intermittent ringings.

   Taking their station near the lower ford across
the river opposite the dwelling-place of the sav-
age horde, yet keeping within observing distance,
the three men waited for the alarm to go off,
their hearts thumping with excitement. Would
it work?

   Presently, through the stillness of the jungle
there came the clear sound of the clamorous bell.
The effect on the ape-men was startling. Every
one, male and female, old r.nd young, stopped in
their tracks and listened intently. Then silence.
Again the insistent ringing, loud and clear. Ev-
ery one of the creatures stopped again with pro-
found attention, exchanging questioning glances
and looking plaintively at one another, plainly
puzzled by the strange sound, totally new to their
ears. As the ringing kept on and off, it seemed to
get on their nerves, fear and curiosity seeming
to struggle for mastery. Some of the braver ones
began moving slowly in the direction of the sound
with slow, hesitating steps, the more timid ones
taking to the safety of their ledges.

  Most of the horde, however, remained where

they were, evidently puzzled and undecided.
After about five minutes, the intermittent ring-
ing ceased. Gradually the ape-men calmed
down, the more venturesome who had moved up
a ways to investigate, decided to return; and pre-
sently the entire horde seemed to forget the
strange luring sound which had so disturbed
them.

  The watching aviators were dreadfully disap-
pointed. It had failed to work! What then?
They exchanged rueful glances without saying a
word.

  Fifteen minutes later, the clamorous bell be-
gan once more. As it continued on and off, cur-
iosity finally got the better of the ape-men.
Gradually, singly and in groups, the entire horde
moved up the river to investigate the source of the
mysterious sound. Even the ape-children fol-
lowed; and soon only two or three very senile
males and a few females were the only ones who
stayed behind, and even they walked up to the
farthest end of the abiding-place.

  As the horde of ape-men disappeared around
the bend, the aviators ran to the nearby ford
and over the narrow river crossing. Running
swiftly to the machine, they soon found that, al-
though it was battered and mauled, the engine,
the wings and other vital parts had suffered no
serious harm.

  The sharp eyes of the few females and old
males who remained behind soon saw them, and
these laggards gave the alarm with shrill cries.

  Swiftly and methodically the aviators worked;
the propellers began to spin; and through the
primeval setting there sounded the mighty blast
of the three powerful engines.

  Soon the returning horde was coming back on
the run, brandishing their clubs and yelling with
loud, blood-curdling cries. The foremost were
now but a short distance away, running toward
them with great leaping strides. The Golden Gate
faced in the direction of the fast approaching
ape-men, and with the three men safely inside,
it began moving forward.

  As Captain Franklin gave her the gun, the
great plane bumped swiftly along, its great en-
gines roaring; and with a final blast it rose into
the air just above the foremost ape-men. Rocks
and stones flew up in a shower, the apes’ savage
cries drowned out by the engines. The fugi-
tives were off, and soon the strange scene below
them was out of sight.

*	* *

   Twelve hours later, three tired aviators, weary,
haggard but happy, circled over Sydney, Austra-
lia, their great conquering flight completed.
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY	283

The Man of Bronze

  (Continued from Page 219)

head like a punch-drunk prizefighter. He started
up and ran for the secret panel, burst it open,
and came face to face with a squad of operatives,
headed by his own superior.

  “Where the hell have you been all this time?”
snarled Vaux, as they stared in amazement.

  “Manning’s wife just called up and said she
was sure something dreadful had happened to
him, as his worst enemy was hiding right here.
She said you told her. We didn’t wait to hear
any more, but came right over, and when they
didn’t answer, we busted in the door.”

  “Did she just call you?” asked Vaux, panting
with exertion.

  “About ten minutes ago. But what’s happen-
ed to you?”

  “If that isn’t just like a woman!” said Vaux,
almost to himself. “She had to wait all this
time! Oh,—me? Never mind about me. Just
call an ambulance. Walk down those steps, and
you’ll find something interesting—and don’t
stumble over the corpses.”

* * *

  Two days later Freddie Vaux, once more the
most eligible young bachelor in New York, sat in
an easy chair, talking to Henderson, who had
come all the way from Washington. Aside from
a patch of plaster on his left ear, the darling of
society was as irreproachable a fashion-plate as
ever; his smile was just as quick, his wit as keen,
and his eyes, if possible, a trifle more alert.

  “We did what you told us,” Henderson was
saying. “That big fellow with the hole in his
dome was the leader, all right. We searched
him for his keys, and when we opened that vault
in the wall we found plenty. Manning’s formu-
la was there all right, and the same formula in
the most marvellous code I’ve ever seen—and
I’ve seen enough.”

  “And he didn’t telephone across the ocean,
after all,” said Vaux, with a sigh. “Ah, well—
the least we can do is to copy his inventions. I

THE

 want that big vacuum tube and all its apparatus
 for myself. And did you see the dictaphone in
 his car?”

   “No.”

   “Go look at it,” said Vaux. “It’s as good as a
 wireless telephone. What did you do to Man-
 ning?”

   “Oh, that was easy. We put the statue in the
 bath of blue liquid, tried a reverse current, and
 the metal came off, little by little. Underneath
 he was as black as coal.”

   “Graphite,” murmured Vaux. “I almost got
a coating of it myself.”

   “Well, we got off all the metal, washed off
 this soot, and laid him out for a decent burial.
 We never told his wife how he died. That
 would have been a little too much.”

   “What about Helmer?” asked Vaux.
“Prisoner in the hospital. He’s confessed
enough to implicate half the Hisalpinians in New
York.”

  Vaux smiled faintly. “Do you know what
his real name is?” he asked. And receiving a
negative sign, he announced, “Vollmer.”
Henderson’s mouth dropped open." Vollmer!
Oho! He gets another questionnaire!”

   The chief rose to go. Vaux strolled with him
 to the door.

   “Whether you like it or not, Chief, I’m through
 for this summer. I wanted a little harmless ad-
 venture, not an improvement on the Spanish In-
 quisition. I’m going to Catalina Island to relax
 with the swordfish, the sawfish, the tarpon, the
 sailfish, the sharks, and the pretty little devil-
 fish, who don’t come up to Kroll. I never appre-
 ciated the charms of these harmless denizens of
 the briny deep as much as I do now. And if I
 land a killer whale, known as a cannibal whale,
 I’m going to name him Kroll, and send you his
 picture.”

   “Go to it, kid,” said Henderson. “I’ll reserve
 the place of honor in the family album for a
 photo of the greatest scientist in Hisalpina.”

END

IN THE MARCH ISSUE OF WONDER STORIES

                    “THE RETURN FROM JUPITER”

 the long awaited sequel to

 Gawain Edwards’

 "RESCUE FROM JUPITER"

Those who read Mr. Edwards' tremendously nipping story of the depopulation of the earth and the rescue
of its last two inhabitants by an expedition from Jupiter, will be thrilled to their very being by the even
more powerful sequel.

                                        Prom the pen of
                                        R. F. Starzl

 another of the rising stars on the horizon of science fiction -we offer

                   ‘THE TERROR OF ARYL”

 a strange story of strange deeds on a strange world.

 Francis Flagg

 Is always welcome in the pageB of "our magazine". His present story

                   ‘THE SYNTHETIC MONSTER”
la one of those realistic bits of life, that despite the amazing details, convince the reader that they could
happen.

“THE WORLD WITHOUT A NAME”

                                introduces a newcomer to our ranks

 Edwin K. Sloat

          ______He gives us a story of the struggle of alien dimensions . . .

       AND OTHER STORIES AND "WONDER" FEATURES IN THE MARCH ISSUE
__ON SALE FEBRUARY X, 1931
284

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

[Extra

_ lEachWeek

,forYOU'&^

   k Make BIG MONEY—Spare-Time or
   . Full-Time—with Hawaiian Guitar

• th* Ilf* of ere if party--b® paid tie> for

With

BYRD at the SOUTH POLE

AN album containing authentic
views of the BYRD ANTARC-
TIC EXPEDITION. Each of the sev-
enteen actual photographs present a
thrilling story of the hazardous life at
the far end of the world.

   Send twenty cents, stamps accepted,
for your copy of this interesting al-
bum of the greatest expedition of all
times.

  GRENPARK COMPANY

245-W Greenwich St. New York, N. Y.

 The Reader Speaks

 In WONDER STORIES QUAR-
 TERLY only letters that refer to
 stories published in the QUAR-
 TERLY will be printed.

  Breaking His Heart In Two

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  As the popular song goes: how can
you be so charming, charming, when
you’re breaking my heart in two? It
isn’t fair for you to make the Fall
Quarterly so wonderful that, instead
of doing my English homework, I read
it instead. But on the other hand the
reason why you are so charming: for
printing not only exceedingly inter-
esting stories but stories with real
science that, although many may not
know it, are a great help to students.
I was, because of the excellent science
contained in them, allowed to give a
book report on both "The Stone from
the Moon” and “Electropolis”. I am
also able to use the stories printed in
“our” magazine to gain information
on a theme I have to write for school.

  Now for comments on the new is-
sue: the cover was unusual, as might
have been expected since it was from
the brush of Paul. I’m glad to see it
in a new color too; the silver and gold
was all right for a year but we need-
ed a change. The stories: why bother
to try to figure out which is best?
All I need say is: all are masterpieces
especially “Between Earth and Moon”
and “The Struggle for Neptune.”

  As for the list of science fiction
movies I can add “Our Heavenly Bod-
ies,” a story of space-travelling to the
different planets. I do not believe it
has been released in America yet but
it should be in the near future.

  My opinion is that, of all the stor-
ies printed in the previous issues,
“Electropolis” was the best for the
long stories with “The Moon Con-
querors” next best; “The Monsters of
Neptune" the best among the shorter
stories and “The Eternal Man Re-
vives” the best among the very short
stories.

  Now for some questions:

  1.	Which is correct: Venusians or
Venerians? Half the authors call
them by one name and half by the
other.

  2.	As a two-dimensional bullet
would not harm a person possessing
three dimensions, then is it true that
a bullet of three dimensions would not
harm a person with four? Of course
no one actually knows but I would
like your opinion.

  Nowadays we have pee-wee golf
everywheres and it seems that we are
to have pee-wee Wonder Stories start-
ing with the November issue. Is this
going to be true of the Quarterly or
will it remain the same size?

  The saying is: my country, right or
wrong. I have altered that saying,
slightly, and it now is: “our” maga-
zine, good or better 1

            Forrest J. Ackerman,
            530 Staples Avenue,
            San Francisco, Calif.

  (Regarding the question of the ap-
priateness of the terms Venusians and
Venerian, we would say that Vener-
ian would be more classically correct
and Venusian more pleasing. The
names of the planets have followed

700 YEARS
 - HENCE!

A Classic in

Science Fiction

300 Ptgei

. . illustrated by
the famous Paid

MB. HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor of WON-
DER STORIES, herewith presents in book
form his famous story—RALPH 1240 41-1-
—a romance of the year 2660. This story orig-
inally ran in MODERN ELECTRICS, ono of
Mr. Gernsback's magatines; thero are only a
limited number of copies of this book available at
present. This book is the forerunner of all mod-
ern science fiction stories and contains more novel
ideas, more future inventions (some of which
havo already come true) than any book of its
kind that has ever been published. It is sewner
fiction plue. A pioneer in the electrical and radio
field, Hugo Gernsback has a profound knowledge
of the subjects, coupled with a finely trained and
highly imaginative mind. This unusual combina-
tion has enabled him to foreshadow with almost
unbelievable accuracy some of the more recent
developments. His earlier predictions, which have
appeared from time to time during the past docade
in many newspapers and magazines, are now
realities. Every prophecy is based on accurate
scientific knowledge. His ideas are no moro fan-
tastic than the realities and commonplaces of our
everyday life would havo been to our great grand-
fathers.

  So many WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY
readers have asked us if this story can still be
secured in book form, that we had a limited num-
ber reprinted, aa the book was out of print.

IF YOU ORDER AT ONCE
MR. HUGO GERNSBACK
WILL AUTOGRAPH
THE BOOK FOR YOU

1

        -	MAIL COUPON! —— — <
                        WSQ-6

  AVIATION PUBLICATIONS,

   245 Greenwich Street.

   New York, N. Y.

   Gentlemen: •

     Enclosed find $2.00 for which pleaso
   send me prepaid one copy of RALPH
   124C 41-I-, this book to be autographed
   by Hugo Gernsback.

 Name----------------------------------

 Stroei --------

   City and State
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

285

Over the Mountains

{roniLosAnsMes

on

HI

Think of It I FIVE HUNDRED FIFTY-NINE MILES
rough mountainous country burning only ELEVEN GALLONS
OF GASOLINE. Imagine mote than FIFTY MILES TO THE
GALLON. That U "hat the WHIRLWIND CARBURETING
DEVICE does lor D. R. Gilbert, enough of a saving on Just
one trip to more than par the coat of the Whirlwind.

Whirlwind Saves Motorists
Millions .Of Dollars Yearly

 Whirlwind user*, reporting the results of their tests, are •maxed at
 the results they are getting. Letters keep streaming into the office
 telling of mileages aU the way from 22 to 59 miles on a gallon, re-
 sulting in a saving of from 25% to 50% in gas bills alone.

 Mark A. Estes writes. “I was making 17 mllos to the gallon on my
 Pontiac Coupe. Today, with the Whirlwind. I am making 35 5-10
 miles to the gallon."

 P. P. Goer/en writeti 34-6-10 miles with the Whirlwind, or a gala
 of 31 miles 10 the gallon."

 R. I. Tnlpi **The WTiirlwind Increased the mileage on our Ford
 track from 12 to 26 miles to gallon and 25* in 4peed."

 Car owners aU over the world are saving money every day with
 the Whirlwind, besides having better operating motors. Think what
 this means on your own car. Figure up your savings—enough lor a
 radio—a bank account—added pleasures. Why let the Ou Com-
 panies profit by your waster Find out about this amazing little
 device that wiU pay for Itself every few weeks.

 In Just a few mlnntes the Whirlwind can be Installed on any make
 of car. truck or tractor. It's actually lets work than changing your
 oil, of putting water In your battery. No drilling, upping or
 changes of any kind necessary. It Is guaranteed to work perfectly
 on any make of car, truck or tractor. Urge or small, new model or
 old model. The more you drive the more you will save.

SALESMEN AND DISTRIBUTORS WANTED

TO MAKE UP TO $100.00 a Week and More

 Whirlwind men are making big: profits supplying ttoi«
 fait selling device mat car owners cannot afford to be
 without. Good territory Is Still open. Free sample offer
 to workers. Full particulars sent on request. Just check

 the eoupoo.

GUARANTFF No m,tter wh,t k,Dd of B ctr

UU/\I\/\n 1 E.E. you have—no matter how big a
gas eater U Is—The Whirlwind will sate you money.
We absolutely guarantee that the Whirlwind will more
than saro lt« cost In gasoline alono within thirty days,
or tho trial will cost you nothing. We Invite you to teit
it at our risk and expense. You are to be the sole Jadge.

—--FREE OFFER COUPON--—

WHIRLWIND MFG. CO.

 999-448-A Third St., Milwaukee, WIs.

 Gentlemen: You may send me full particulars of your
 Whirlwind Carbureting devicc and tell me how I can get
 one free. This does not obligate me In any way whatever.

Name ...............__________________________________________

Address _____________________________________________

City_______________________________________________

Countv............. ............. State......................

 Check here If you axe Interested In full or part time
 salesmen posltloo.

Thousands of readers who have en-
joyed WONDER STORIES QUAR-
TERLY during the past year, should
be extremely anxious to read WON-
DER STORIES MONTHLY as well.
Many have already sent in their sub-
scription for one year.

A big saving is offered to you if you
act NOW. WONDER STORIES
will be sent to you for one year at
the specially reduced subscription rate
of $1.50 (Canada and foreign $1.75).
Send cash, check or money-order to
WONDER STORIES, Dept Q-2-2, 98
Park Place, New York.

the nomenclature of the Roman gods
and goddesses. “Of Venus” is Veneris
in Latin; Venusians would therefore
be Venerians. But the term has un-
fortunately unpleasant connotations
and we prefer editorially Venusians.
Classical scholars who have special
knowledge on the subject, however,
are invited to send us their comments.
We would rather be right than edi-
tors!

  We are somewhat in doubt regard-
ing Mr. Ackerman’s "two-dimensional
bullet.” If he means a strictly two-
dimensional object it would have zero
thickness and therefore could not ex-
ist. There are really no two-dimen-
sional objects. Two dimensions are
merely used to represent planes, not
objects. The top of a flat table re-
presents two dimensions, but it would
of course be impossible to take the
top from the table without taking a
third dimension with it

  But assuming the existence of such
an object it might strike us and pene-
trate between atoms of our body with-
out disturbing them. (It would be
infinitely thin.) Of course the ques-
tion is a theoretical one and cannot
be answered with reference to real
life.—Editor)

The Reader Speaks

{.Continued from page 284)

But It War Worth It

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  You kept me waiting quite a while
for the Fall edition of the Quarterly,
but it was worth it.

  Looking through it I find the best
cover you have had so far. There is
a mistake on it however. The story
described the sky as being black with
many stars visible. The cover had a
blue background with no stars.

  I also find that you are using a
much better grade of paper than that
used previously. It is not as bulky.

  The first story in the magazine,
“Between Earth and Moon,” by Ot-
frid von Hanstein, is also the best.
It is your best novel since "The Moon
Conquerors”, by Romans. Paul’s il-
lustrations for it were very good but
I would rather see a full page illus-
tration at the beginning of the story
instead of a double-page one.

  “An Atomic Adventure,” by Wil-
liam Lemkin Ph.D., is a “different”
type of a story. It was very well
written and very interesting.

  "The Island of Terror”, by Ran-
some Sutton while not as good as “An
Atomic Adventure”, was not a bad
story either.

  Then comes “A Struggle For Nep-
tune,” by Henrik Dahl Juve. AU I
can say about it is give us another
sequel. I believe that is enough.

  “The Secret of the Tomb,” by R.
Crossley Arnold is the story I gave
second place. The only fault is its
abrupt ending. It could have been
much longer and still be as interest-
ing.

  And lastly conies “The Revenge of
the Chosen,” by Thomas H. Knight,
by no means a poor story.

  What’s this! A decrease in the
amount of reading per page? How
come? Why waste so much space far
margin? I think that you should have
not more than a half an inch margin
on all sides so as to have as much on
(Continued on Page 286)

Radio Bargains

  This month we are offering a great variety
of battery nets at auch ridiculoualy low price*
that they cannot fail to astonish you.

  These sets are so-called store demonstra-
tion models and are not sold as brand new.
However, all Bets have been tested and put
into Rood shape and we guarantee them to be
in good working order.

  RAD10LA 25 SUPERHETERODYNE

The "26" is a loop-oper-
ated set requiring 6 "X-
199” tubes. No outside
aerial is needed. The re-
ceiver haa “10-kc selecti-
vity. Tuning of this re-
ceiver is accomplished
through large "thumb-
operated" tuning drum8,
bo designed that stations
may be "logged” directly
on the drums. The small
center knob controls a
multiple-contact switch
which changes the circuit
to include one or two stages of A. F. A two-
tone mahogany veneer cabinet of original
pattern houses the chassis and batteries. Its
overall dimensions are 28x19x12 inches high.
Shipping weight, 55 lb*.

Liat Price $265.00
YOUR SPECIAL PRICE -

-_.J10.95

WARE TYPE T. NEUTROUYNE

This is the moet eco-
nomical in operation of
all radio sets. The circuit
is that of a REFLEXED
NEUTRODYNE incor-
porating 3 UV-199 tubes.
The mahogany cabinet is
14 in. long and 13 in.
deep. This design pro-
vides room for the “A"
supply of 3 dry cells, 2 "B” and 1 “C" bat-
tery. There are 2 15-plate variable condensers,
2 neutrodyne-type R.F. transformers, 2 A.F.
transformers, rheostat, 2 jacks. R.F. choke,
2 tuning dials, shock-absorbing mounting for
the 3 tubes. Shipping weight 16 lbs.

List Price *65.00 tC QC
YOUR SPECIAL PRICE---------#3.33

RADI OLA SUPERHET. AR-812

One of the moet fa-
mous radio aets in
America. This set

Claced on a table, the
attery switch turned
to "on", and music
will be heard—with-
out an outdoor antenna: it works with a lootf
aerial built inside the cabinet. The set is
super-sensitive and. in certain localities, it Is
possible, on the east coast, to hear west coast
stations. The cabinet bolds aU the batteries
for the six "dry-cell" tubes required. Some
experimenters tune in short wave stations
and use the AR-812 as the INTERMEDIATE
FREQUENCY AMPLIFIER. In that way the
tremendous amplification obtainable from this
receiver is used to the fullest extent. A push-
pull switch (center) turns the set on and off:
another, (lower left) cuts in either one or
two stages of A.F. amplification. Although the
cabinet is 35 inches long. ll^A deep and 11%
high, the panel of the receiver is only 19
inches long and 9 inches high. The difference
lies in the two end compartments for "A’ and
"B” batteries. Six type UV199 tubes are re-
quired for this receiver. Dry-cell power tubes,
the type ’20, may be used in this set if a
Naald or similar adapter is used. Shipping
weight 45 lbs.

List Price is $220.00.

YOUR SPECIAL PRICE _

HOW TO ORDER

   Send Money Order or Certified check; if you
send cash or U. S. stamps, be sure to register
your letter.

 ,$10.95

  Send for our free illustrated Radio Bargain
  Bulletin. A postal brings it

RADIO TRADING CO.

 25Q Wert Bro»dw«r	Kiw York, N. T.
286

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

 Big

 Money

in

CHEMISTRY

LEARN AT HOME!

ANYONE WHO CAN BEAD AND WRITE can
** Chemistry through our limply prepared course
don't need a higher education. and you don't ne

                                              Study
                                              You

___ - need any

previous experience or preparation. Chemistry li not
harder to understand than electricity or radio. Just plain
lenio and ordinary observation power*.

      Laboratory Outfit Free

THE COMPLETE CHEMICAL OUTFIT and APPARA-

TUS supplied to you a* part of your Course, without extra
charge, makes you the owner of a laboratory, containing
all the material* and initrumenU used by a full-fledged

chemist. This working kit. which ii shipped to you at
the outset of the course, become* your permanent property.
It I* a sturdy fitted wooden cabinet containing orer 100
pieces of laboratory apparatus and chemical auppllM. With
these materials and equipment you will hare In your own
borne and always at hand, a compact, complete working
them Ut's laboratory, which you will use constantly not only
in your experiment*, during the course, but al*o In your
after work as a chemlit.

  We Can Teach You At Home

     to mold you Into a skillful
HEAD OP OUR STAFF 13
T. O'COKOB SLOANE. scien-
tist. engineer and author of wldere-
He ha* had more than fifty
of teaching experience. Our
i fits you for an Immediate posi-
tion In a chemical laboratory, and
rou do not hare to giro up what you
*re doing now to learn it During
'»en in its and week-end* you can work
it home on the fascinating experl-
nents and the delightfully simple but
omprobenslre lesson*. A porsonal
iliutor Is always ready to help jwu orer
[difficulties and to answer all your
Mtlooa. Most Important of all—
teaching you receive 1* practical.
You can actually use this knowledge
A.Bm A.M.. Ph.D.. to mako money, as thousands bare
LL.O.	dine before you.

     Big Money in Chemistry

CHEMISTS ABE WELL-Pip MEN. Set oolr■will «r
train Inc help rou to let • better J*. but
•tut <£ • new lereL You can patent the	”3

hand! ud root brain. and perbape mate mllllooa of
dollar. on • on thrmlral dlicorerr.	, „ .

Ktory dar the newapapera and macaxlnea art foil <x
news Items reporting new chemical dlvcorerles—In mining.
In eleclrleltr. In [oodituff.. In rfnltair and "^‘^Vtulfi'
tfllancol. In paper-making. rubber, alaal. Iron, dreituni.

         In (act 10 ererr well known lnduatrr-««lbe-
hind each of~ThMe dlarorerlea ilandl a well-trained cbem-
Ut who know bow lo u*e adtintaj. of opportunity!

      No Exaggerated Claim*

THE INSTITUTE POES NOT CLAIM that ew ehen-
lat toak.1 million*, nor do we luarantee lh>'

Immediate lr let a Job pel In! tl 0.000 a Jeer. Butmaw
hare done II and there li no reaaoo whr rou

•u

You can be—but you hare

T. O’Cener Sloant

Today!

^^‘brS^’nr.^'.

be lucb a “lucky" fellowt
to meet luck half way.

Get Started

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO KNOW MOBE ABOUT
CHEMISTRY, and If you are ilncere In your desire to
get out of the tread mill of Job anxiety and wage In-
dependence. If you ha»e ambition enough towantU) be-
come a chemlit. and perhaps a famous one somo day. you
will not wait until tomorrow to find out bow to go about
It. MAIL the coupon below today. There Is no chars*
and f>0 further obligation. You will be limply asking ua
to wrlte you about so..thing that you want to know.

Chemical Institute of New York. Inc.

?9Ppark 8pt^S. New York. N. Y.

Please send me at once, without any obligation on my

Brt. your Free Book "Opportunities for Cbemlsts." and
11 particular* about the Experimental Equipment glten
to every

NAME

ADDBESS
CITY _

The Reader Speaks

(Continued from Page 285)

each page as possible. You might
also use a slightly smaller type of
print The quarterly should have
twice as much reading material as the
monthly.

  Paul is your best artist with Miller
running second and Marchioni third.

 How about a few American re-
prints?

           Jack Darrow,

            4225 N. Spaulding Ave.,
            Chicago, IU.

  (Mr. Darrow gives us his usual
well-put comments. The blue sky of
the Pall issue was not intended so
much as an exact representation of
the scientific verity but as a means of
obtaining a more pleasing color com-
bination. Regarding Mr. Darrow’s
comment on the amount of material
in the issue, we find by actual count
that the Fall number contained ap-
proximately five thousand more words
than the Summer issue.—Editor)

Has Real Atmosphere

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  The Fall number of your wonderful
magazine was the best one issue. It
could hardly be improved upon.

  Regarding the stories; I placed
them in the following order, in re-
gards to merit:

  1—“Between	Earth and Moon”

  2—“An	Atomic Adventure”

  3—“The	Struggle for Neptune”

  4—'“The	Secret of the Tomb”

  5—“The	Revenge of the Chosen"

  6—“The	Island of Terror”

  Why don’t you put a “Science Ques-
tionnaire” and “Science Questions and
Answers” department in the Quarter-
ly?

  Wishing you the best of luck,

            E. Anderson
            1765 Southern Blvd.

            New York City, N. Y.

  (Mr. Anderson’s suggestion is excel-
lent ; we may adopt the science depart-
ments in a future issue of the Quar-
terly. We are glad to note his com-
plete approval of the stories in the
Fall issue. From the letters received,
our readers seem to think it the best
issue so far. If that is true, how about
the all-star Winter issue, now in your
hands?—Editor)

Some Amazing Inconsistencies

Editor, Wonder Stories Quarterly:

  In spite of your extensive staff of
editorial critics, the story “Between
Earth and Moon” is full of amazing
inconsistencies. Most of them are
trivial and have little effect on the
yarn, but there are one or two that
seriously weaken what otherwise
might have been built into a good
story. Here are some:

  1.	If the body were exposed in a
total vacuum there would be disaster
from the pressure. Think of the suf-
fering of mountaineers, with less than
half of the normal atmospheric pres-
sure removed! Perhaps the artificial
skin also maintained normal pressure
on the skin, although from its de-
scription of flexibility it seems im-

?robable unless adjusted so tight that
ree motion would be almost impossi-
ble. Where All Right leaves the

rocket to rescue the others, he h%
artificial skin only on his hands. Uc
der such conditions immediate an
fatal hemorrhage would result.

  2.	In describing the appearance 6.
the earth (P. 28) the author referi
to the polar ice cap as being in tht
center of the disc. This could not be
true unless the moon were approxi-
mately perpendicular to either the
north or south pole, which it is not.

  3.	The author seems constantly
confused about the appearance of the
earth from the moon. When they ar-
rive at the moon, the earth appears
as a bright luminary. A day later it
is in darkness, that is “a sort of
‘new earth’.” This is obviously incor-
rect. From the moon, the earth would
appear to go through the four phases
in 28 days. Since at this point in the
story the moon is about in the new
moon phase, the earth would appear
almost in its fullness.

  4.	The fear expressed by the two
reporters when they could not hear
each other converse. With the helmet
airtight and maintaining a correct
atmosphere, each one’s shouts would
be perfectly evident to himself. There-
fore, the feeling of being deaf and
dumb would not occur.

  5.	The hatchets used for chopping
the solidified oxygen and hydrogen
would not be serviceable. At the low
temperature prevailing, the metal
would be so brittle that it would
probably shiver to bits at the first
blow.

  6.	The meteor. This is, perhaps
the most serious error of all, since it
was important in the discovery of
oxygen. Meteors burn because of at-
mospheric friction. On the moon
there is no atmosphere, hence no fric-
tion, and no incandescence. A body
large enough to have been thrown off
by an incandescent star, and retain
its heat for a minute fraction of the
time necessary for it to move from
the nearest incandescent body to the
moon, would have thrown moon and
all to the other side of the universe.

  7.	It would be impossible to keep
on the artificial skin at all times. If
it were, as described, totally imper-
vious to heat, it could not be worn
constantly as the author describes.
That would approximate the effect a
dozen woolen suits have if worn at
ordinary, comfortable room tempera-
ture. Even in the extreme cold de-
scribed, a 24 hour hike with no loss
of body temperature would run up a
fatal fever.

  8.	The SOS signal. When this is
given the rocket is circling the earth
at a distance of from 60,000 to
108,000 miles (three-fourths of the
way back to earth or 180,000 kilome-
ters, both given as the position of its
orbit). It seems impossible that the
small amount of metallic matter de-
scribed could be projected far enough
toward earth to be seen as gigantic
letters from the earth and still make
a dense enough appearance to be visi-
ble at all. Also, the dust would not
remain motionless in space as soon
as the repulsive force had been ex-
pended; it would continue moving in
a straight line at its initial velocity
unless it encountered the atmosphere,
and would at the same time maintain
the linear, orbital velocity of the
rocket. Since its mass was very light,
it would very probably fly off at a
direction almost a tangent, its linear
velocity being modified only by the
initial repulsive force and the slight
WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

287

l»iHureatest

    The Greatest Sin of all is total IGNOR-
 ANCE of the most important subject in
 the life of every man and woman—SEX.

Away With False Modesty!

    Let us face the facts of sex fearlessly
 and frankly, sincerely and scientifically.
 Let us tear the veil of shame and mystery
 from sex and build the future of the race
 on a new knowledge of all the facts of
 sex as they are laid bare in plain, daring
 but wholesome words, and frank pictures
 in the huge new library of Sex Knowledge.

  “MODERN EUGENICS”

 Everything a
 Married Woman
 Should Know-—

  How to hold a husband
  How to havo perfect
  children
  How to preserve youth
  Warding off other
  women
  Keeping yourself at-
  tractive
  Why husbands tiro of
  wives

  Dreadful diseases due
  to ignorance
  Diseases of women
  Babies and birth control
  Twilight sleep—easy
  childbirth
  How babies are con-
  ceived
  Diseases of children
  Family health guide
  Change of life—hygiene
  Why children die young
  Inherited traits and
  diseases
  What will you tell your*
  growing girl?

  The mystery of twin*
  Hundreds os valuable
  remedies

Secret*
for Men—

  Mistakes of early mar-
  riages

  Secret of fascination

  Joys of perfect mating
  low to make women
  love you
  Bringing up healthy

  Unnging t
  children

  Fevers and contagious
  diseases

 Accidents and emer-
 gencies
 Hygiene in the home
 Limitation of offspring
 The sexual embrace
 Warning to young men
 Secrets of greater de-
 light

Dangerous diseases
Secrets of sex attraction
Hygienic precautions
Anatomy and physi-
ology

  The reproductive organa
  What every woman
  wants

  Education of the family
  Sex health and preven-
  tion

Girls—
Don’t Marry

before you know
>11 thi,_

  The dangers of Petting
  How to be a vamp
  How to manage the
  honeymoon
  What liberties to allow
  a Jover
  Secrets of the wedding
  night

  Beauty diets and baths
  Do you know—

  How to attract desir-
  able men
  How to manage men
  How to know if he
  loves you
  How to acquire bodily
  grace and beauty
  How to beautify face,
  hands, hair, teeth and
  feet

  How to acquire charm
  How to dress attrac-
  „ tiyely

  Intimate personal
  hygiene
  How to pick a husband

IMPORTANT!	1

TU» worlc will not be sold to minors {
Wn«o cramni your book, state ytour age! )

Grenpark Company
245 Greenwich St.

Dept. WSQ-6
New York, N. Y.

 My B£« If.................. Please lend me "Mod-
 em Eugenics” SEALED,
 Name.^ pi»in wrapper. I am

Address...?................ sending you *2.98 In

                            aocordance with f you»
City sad State............... special half-price offer.

The Reader Speaks

(Continued from Page 286)

 influence of gravity. Therefore, it
 could never be seen from the earth.

   9.	The finding of the net. The
 net would either be right with the
 rocket, because it maintained the same
 velocity, or would be far beyond the
 rocket’s orbit, depending on its mass.
 It would, of course, maintain the same
 linear velocity as the rocket, and
 would, if light enough, either become
 a wanderer through space or find its
 orbit much further away from the
 earth, which is improbable since the
 force of gravity would constantly de-
 crease.

   10.	Egon would not remain near
 the rocket as long as described. For
 the same reason given in the preced-
 ing paragraph, he would probably
 fly away on a slightly modified tan-
 gent to the orbit of the rocket until
 free entirely from the gravitational
 influence of the earth.

   11.	It is even very doubtful if the
 rocket would have taken its place as
 a satellite. The initial explosion of
 all the repulsive force gave the rocket
 a velocity great enough to throw it
 beyond the gravitational influence of
 the earth. The start from the moon
 is described as being at a rate eight
 times that of the start from the
 earth. Then there was the second tre-
 mendous increase in velocity after
 they had been under way about 28
 hours. The story is slightly confus-
 ed here, but apparently the reserve
 supply of oxygen and hydrogen had
 gone "Boom Boom” at that particu-
 lar moment. With such tremendous
 velocity, the rocket could scarcely
 have been caught by the earth. Re-
 member, the start was just one ex-
 plosion, with no further acceleration
 away from the earth, and must have
 given enough velocity to carry the
 rocket away from its influence. At
 100,000 miles from the earth the ac-
 celeration of gravity would be only
 about .0006 feet per second. A ten-
 ton rocket would weigh less than half
 a pound.

   These criticisms are offered from a
 series of notes jotted down while read-
 ing the yarn—not from an exhaustive
 study in the hope of finding bugs.
 The problems of terrestrial mechanics
 are far beyond me; all I have given
 are the conclusions of a layman in the
 face of irreconcilable inconsistencies.

    Would it not be better, in stories of
 this character, to invent a flock of
 unknown forces, rather than try too
 much from our still limited knowl-
 edge?

Ted Leitzell,

644 Buckingham Place,

Chicago, 111.

    (Most of Mr. Leitzell’s criticisms of
 “Between Earth and Moon” are well
 taken, and we are grateful for them.
 We wish however to point out that
 our policy with regard to stories that
 we purchase outright and translate
 are necessarily different than those
 that we buy in English. In the former
 case we do not feel permitted to make
 such detailed changes in the stories.
 It does often happen that the best of
 authors err in their calculations and
 deductions—yet they may not affect
 the main progress or the general value
 of the story. That was our conclu-
 sion about ‘‘Between Earth and
 Moon.”—Editor)

 s Before Kenneth McCarty
 Mailed that Coupon
 He was an
 $18—Clerk—
 Today
 ^His

 PlayforFunor
 $5,000a Year

  Whether a salary of *8 to
  $100 a week—or aparo-timo
  playing at$8. $10, $l6or more
  a night—interests you or not
  — think of the fun in atoro
  for you. In one to three
  months wo can train you at
  home to play thia marvelous,
  melodious instrument with a
  line, eaay skill that wQlmako
  yon the envy of all other

  with no Inconvenience at all
  tho world'e most popular in-
  strument. Decide ft OW to
  learn more about The Play-
  Way —the quickest, surest,
  abort-cut to social and pro-
  fessional success.

  FREE Book
  Tells How

  Send at once for "Tho Play-
  Way to Popularity and Big
  Pay.” Learn all about our
  unique method of training
  you at home: about the big.
  Tenor Banio.Phonograpb Ren
  cords and Outfit that we send

 SSlSZK.

aWeek

  After completing the
  course he wrote us:
  “Yours is the finest
  course ever presented for the
  Tenor Banjo. Before I enroll-
  ed with yoo, 1 knew nothing

1UH m at	*-nur uiu a

realize tho opportunity that
had come. 1 took upthecourse
just for fun. But here 1 am,
playing in one of the best or-
cheatrasin Western Michigan
and making $85.00 a week.
Your course and your kind
have made me a
Tenor Banjo-

 vUwt

You Oet Phonograph

-fifty-five in all-comei

 tor's playing just as M
 though be were i
 rlgbtatyourilde.

 The Play-Way la
 different, inter- .
 eating. FOOL-
 PROOF. Get J
 the good news .
 the coupon

•~S' Become a Reporter /

               Thousands of opportunities for
 men to enter the Newspaper field. Fas-
 cinating work. You will meet Interesting
 people: interview celebrities. A famous
 New York reporter with twenty years of
 practical experience has written a whole
 course of Journalism end reporting in six
 easy lessons. He shows you that short-cut
 to success. He tells you what to do and
 what not to do. to became a successful
 reporter. Send today for the "PRACTICAL COURSE
 IN JOURNALISM." by Henry John Brockmeycr of The
 New York Evenlna Pest. Just drop us a Postal Card—
 no need to send money. We will mall you the whole set
 of six books and you pay the Postman $3.00 plus a few
 cents for postage. No more to pay. Money absolutely
 refunded If not satisfied.

PRESS GUILD, Inc.

 16 Murray Street	Oejrt. W8Q-8	Niw York

  New H-F-L Masterton©

   —new in magnificence of tone—
      • new in power with world-wide
      ‘ reach—new In quick tuning-
      new In sensitivity and selectiv-
      ity with a station at ***ry point
      on dial. A new price—America*®
      finest radio at amasingly low
      cost.. FREE Book explains all.
      Bend for It and Social Offer now.

HIGH FREOUENCY
LABORATORIES
n 3VW N. Claremont, Chicago
288

WONDER STORIES QUARTERLY

BOUND IN FINE BED

With

Anatomical

Drawings

      TEN VOLUMES

Dr. Keller’s
Sex
Cyclopedia

LIBRARY SIZE

     GOLD STAMPED

                               160

PAGES

PER

VOLUME

1600

PAGES

By DAVID a.	iu.a^.

 Assistant Superintendent, Western
 State Hospital, Bolivar, Term.

Ten Volumes tor the
Price of One Book

For the
10
Books

   Dr. Keller was chosen by tho publishers of
 these volumes as being one of the few physicians
 in America who could write on so delicate a sub-
 ject in language that even a child could under-
 stand. Heretofore, educational sex books have
 been written by professionals, usually in such
 technical languago that the non-professional
 reader could not understand it. However, DR.
 Kbllkb’8 Srx Cyclopedia can be read by any-
 one; as a matter of fact, much of the subject
 matter has been written for young people.

   While writing these books, Dr. Keller wrote a
 long letter to the publisher, part of which fol-
 lows:

   “My idea is to write in simple language,
   in a conversational or lecture style; or to
   use the language of my wife, 'just as you
   talk to us I' My wife is a college graduate
   and taught eight years in the High Schools
   of the South. One daughter is preparing to
   study medicine and the other is just about
   to graduate, from our local High School, and
   I consider their advice and opinion as a very
   good index of the average mentality of our
   expected readers. My ultirrate atm is to
   make the world a little better place to live \n
   by educating the masses along the lines
   which have previously been inaccessible to
   them. In writing. I am going to keep in
   mind THAT WE WANT TO HELP
   POLKS TO BECOME HAPPIER."

   Most of the misery and suffering in human
 life can be directly attributed to sex misinforma-
 tion. Dr. Keller, in these books, offers a solution
 for this evil as well as for other and perhaps
 greater ovils. The author knows his subject as
 few other physicians in the country know it, and
 as a well-known author, he is ablo to write m
 auch a way that there is nothing offensive, oven
 for the most unsophisticated of young girls.

   Parents have not as yet arrived at tho state
 where they can be perfectly frank in matters of
 sex with their children. But henceforth, Dr. Kel-

ler’s valuable books can be safely entrusted to
all Intelligent young people. The older genera-
tion, themselves, will find much of value in the
6eries.

There is little question but that these books
will become famous, will blaze a new trail. They
will be read and reread for more thorough com-

Erehension of the subject matter involved. l».

Ikller's Skx Cyclopedia gives you facts and
knowledge contained in the highest typo of liter-
ature, with the exception that it is written down
to the understanding of the every-day man and
woman, girl and boy. The excellont anatomical
drawings, which are profusely distributed through
these books, are so mechanically treated that they
will never arouse the sensibilities of even tho
greatest prude, yet they are an education in
themselves. Dr. Keller has torn the veu of
mystery from sex matters and presented to the
American public the true facts of sexual life.
He has debunked sex.

These books are printed in brand new type, the
subject matter has never been published before.
A number of volumes are profusely illustrated
with fine anatomical drawings. The size of each
volumo is 4" x 6%"—just right for your pocket.
Special grade of egg-shell paper used. Each
volume has 160 pages, 1800 pages in all. GOLD
STAMPED.

Pill in the coupon
today. Regardless
of your age you
cannot afford to bo
without theso valu-
able books. Every
set sent on ap-
proval. If you are
not entirely satis-
fied, return them,
and your money
will be refunded.

YOU ARE THB
SOLE JUDGE.

Partial
CONTENTS

BOOK 1
Sex and Family Through the
Ages

Btttmlnt of Ll/p.—Tho Primltlt. Horn..—
Natural Selection.—Varieties of Married Life.
—The Prostitute.—Women*a Sexual Position
Before Christ.—Woman's Sexual Petition la
Europe and America.—Feminine Independence.
—The Pursuit of Happiness.—1The Universal
Panacea.

BOOK 2
The Sexual Education of the
Young Man

Father and Son—Relation of the Younc Min
to Society.—The Anatomy of the Young Man.—
The Sexual Physiology of tho Young Man.—
Hygiene of the Sexual Life.—Normal Viewpoint
of Young Man.—Prostitution.—The Cost of
Immorality.—The Quo*tIon of Disease.—What
■ Youne Man Should Know About Women.—
Youth Friendships.—A Living Programme.

BOOK 3
The Sexual Education of the
Young Woman

Mother and Daughter.—History of the Young
Girl.—The Girl's Obligation to Society.—The
Anatomy of the Young Girl.—Physiology of the
Young Girl.—Psychology of the Young Girl.—
Hygiene of the Young Girl.—The Question of
Prostitution.—Tho Cost of Immorality.—The
Working 01/1—What a Young Girl Should
Know About Men.

BOOK 4
Love—Courtship—Marriage

The Awakening of Lore.—The Growth of Lore.
—Lore Education.—Natural Selection.—The
Feminine Viewpoint of Engagement.—The Phy-
sical Preparation for Marriage.—Education In
Happiness.—Adjustment* of Marriage.—The
Baby In the Home.—The Perpetual Honey-
moon.

BOOK 5
Companionate Marriage
Birth Control
Divorce

The Restlessness of Society.—The Dawn of
Religion.—Marriage by Purchase.—1The ^Rela-
tion of Marriage to the State.—The Sexual
Marriage.—The Companionate Marriage.—
Birth Control.—Tho Question of Divorce.—
The Bights of Childhood.—The Happy Mar-

BOOK 6
Mother and Baby

What 1» a Baby Worth?—The Physiology of
Pregnancy.—Preparing for the Baby.—Pre--
pfirst Iona for the Confinement.—Tho Birth of
the Baby.—The First Two Weeks.—Training of
the Baby.—The 8lcK Baby.—The Sexual Edu-
cation of the Child.—The Father and His

BOOK 7
Sexual Disease and Abnormali-
ties of Adult Life

The Cltlio of Unhappiness.'—Syphilis.—Oonor-
rhea.—Abortion.—Autoerotlclsm.—Tho Homo-
sexual Life.—The Dark Comers of Llfo.—
Types of Erotic Life.—Impotency In the Man.
—Sterility.—Celibacy In tho Adult Male.—
Celibacy in the Adult Female.—The Normal
Sex Life

BOOK 8
Sexual Life of Men and Women
After Forty

The Dangerous An.—TI>« Middle Agxl Wo-
man.—The Middle Aged Man.—The Middle
Aged Celibate.—Widow and Widower.—Mid-
dle Age and Divorce.—Diseases of Middle
Life.—The Fountain of Youth.—Secret of
Youth.

BOOK 9
The Disease and Problems of
Old Age

Old Age and Its Problems.—The Past Treat-
ment of the Aged.—Senile Decay.—The Sexual
Life In the Aged.—The Art of Prolonging
Youth.—Physical Disease of the Aged.—Cell-
baey in the Aged —Neglect of the Aged.—
Growing Old Gracefully.

BOOK 10
Sex and Society

Relation of tho Indlildual to Society.—Man's
Normal Relation to Society.—The LeKal Rela-
tion of tho Soxes.—Illegal Sexual Relation!
Between Sexes.—Abnormal 8exual Life.—Ab-
normal Relations Between Parents and Child.
—The Abnormal Sex Life of Siblings.—Ero-
ticism und Modern Society.—Drug Addiction
and Socicty.—Tho Feebleminded and Society.
—The Psychopathic Personalities.—Steriliza-
tion and Segregation.

SEND NO MONEY I

MAIL THE COUPON NOW!

POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION

104B PARK PLACE	NEW YORK

 POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION
 104B Park Place, New York.

     Please send me Db. Keller's Sei Cyclopedia, complete in 10
 volumes as per advertisement. I will pay tho Postman $1.98, plus a few
 cents for postage upon arrival of tho books. There aro no extra ohargea
 of any kind whatsoever. If the books are not as represented, I will
 return them to you within 3 day, after receipt and you aro then to
 return my money. Full remittance, with 25c oxtra postage, is required
 from foreign countries, as C. O. D. service is not available.)

Address -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

City and State ................................................-----------------------------
Afraid to face
the TRUTH
About Himself!

          What most men would hear
          if their mirrors could talk

HIS own conscience TELLS HIM how miserably he has
fallen below what others had expected of him—and what
he had DREAMED for himself

     If a mirror reflecting his daily life could TALK it would say,
 "You're BOUND to stay in a rut. You are SCATTER-BRAINED
 and GRASSHOPPER-MINDED. You nibble at everything and
 master nothing! Your thoughts are always HAZY and you can’t
 THINK THINGS THROUGH. You just DAY DREAM and
 hope you will get 'some lucky break’ And, deep in your heart,
 you KNOW that these ARE your faults. That’s why you’re
 TIMID and self-conscious—afraid of your JOB, of your ABIL-
 ITY, of your JUDGMENT, of your FUTURE!”

    At a SHOW DOWN like this the “BIG” man FACES the
truth, and DOES SOMETHING about it.

    But the "LITTLE" man TURNS HIS BACK on his short-
comings, FINDS EXCUSES, and DOES NOTHING.

    A certain task finds him LACKING IN THE PERSIST-
ENCE to carry it through. So he says that his employers "want
too much work for what they pay me!”

    A splendid opportunity FINDS HIM UNPREPARED, and
another seises it. Then he says "some fellows get all the breaks!"

    Some circumstance shows up his utter LACK OF PURPOSE
 IN LIFE (so plainly that even HE cannot escape admitting it).
 So he COOKS UP AN ALIBI about having been "unable to go to
 college!”

     You don’t need to be told that this "LITTLE" man fills a
 "LITTLE” job—is paid a SMALL salary—and has INSIGNIFI-
 CANT future prospects. These are the rewards of THE MAN
 WHO FOOLS HIMSELF!

    But this man's REAL TRAGEDY is that he is almost always
 a fellow of great promise and fine POSSIBILITIES!

    •“‘•'would only use his ingenuity in FINDING OUT what’s
 wrong with himself, instead of WASTING it in ACCOUNTING
 FOR HIS- FAILURES—he would soon discover that he has the
 makings of a "BIG MAN!"

     What is the one important difference between "the Failure”
 and "the Success”? It is this priceless ability that "the Success”
 has of FACING his mental HANDICAPS and replacing them
 with definite mental ADVANTAGES.

    You know by instinct that this is AS TRUE AS GOSPEL.
 And you can PROVE it right now in YOUR OWN CASE by
 what you DO about sending for a remarkable free book called
 "Scientific Mind Training.”

     It is the story of the world-sweep of Pelmanism. It shows in
 fascinating detail how Pelmanism has helped over 700,000 men
 and women to FIND THEMSELVES.

     Before these people learned about Pelmanism they were using
 only the ONE-TENTH OF THEIR MENTAL POWERS THAT
 THE AVERAGE MAN USES. (This is a scientific fact^vouched
 for by the world's foremost psychologists.) The other NINE-
 TENTHS remained ASLEEP—DORMANT—UNAROUSED!

 ‘ This great reserve of mental power, almost wholly lost by the
 average person, is capable of making his life more SUCCESSFUL,
 HAPPIER, MORE SIGNIFICANT. Right within the mind of
 the average person is contained the ability to ACCOMPLISH his
 aims—whenever a GREATER PERCENTAGE of his latent but
 unused mental power is HARNESSED and directed through
 scientific mind training. Any person who wishes to DO more, to
 HAVE more, and to BE more, must put into his life a PRACTI-

CAL PLAN to bring together the natural powers he already haa,
strengthen them, and PUT THEM TO WORK.

    To over 700,000 people in all parts of the world PELMANISM
has been this POSITIVE SYSTEM. For thirty years, in almost
all lands and languages, it has been HELPING MEN AND
WOMEN answer this world-wide URGE TO GO FORWARD.

    Men like Edgar Wallace, the famous mystery-story writer;
Sir Herbert Austin, manufacturer of the "Austin" car; General
Sir Robert Baden-Powell, founder of the Boy Scout movement;
Sir Harry Lauder; Prince Charles of Sweden; Frank P. Walsh,
former Chairman of the National War Labor Board, and hundreds
equally famous, praise this method of increasing brain power.

    Through Pelmanism YOU can bring into being YOUR OWN
unsuspected self—in full COMMAND of the powers and accom-
plishments HIDDEN within you, waiting to be developed.

    Spend 2c TODAY for a postage stamp. Send in the coupon
below for a copy of “Scientific Mind Training.” There is no fur-
ther obligation whatever. You need not spend another penny.

    Yon have only TWO CENTS to lose by writing for your copy.
You may GAIN success, peace of mind, happiness, independence!

    Thousands who read this announcement will DO NOTHING
WHATEVER about it. The little effort and the will needed to
send for this book — which is FREE—will be “JUST TOO
MUCH" FOR THEM! How can these people EVER gain what
they hope for, dream about? They are the skeptics, the doubters,
the "show me” wiseacres.

    The thousands who are open-minded—who are willing to learn
something to their advantage—will ACT on their impulse to send
in the coupon. They will be COURAGEOUS enough to FACE
THE TRUTH about themselves. They will WANT to find out
what’s HOLDING THEM BACK—will want to DO SOME-
THING ABOUT IT. Such people will find it IMPOSSIBLE to
put a 2c stamp to greater use than MAILING THE COUPON
BELOW. If you are one of them, mail this coupon TODAY.

      THE PELMAN INSTITUTE T>F AMERICA
71 West 45th Street	Suite 230C	New York City

  The Pelman Institute of America,

  Suite 230C, 71 West 45th Street, New York City.

      I want you to show me what Pelmanism has actually dona
i for over 700,000 people. Please send me your free book,
: “Scientific Mind Training.” This places me under no obliga-
| tion whatever, and no representative will call upon me.

! Name___________________________________________________■____________

i Address....................---------------------------------------------------------

| City.-----------------------------------------------------State---------------------------
                                                                                                -r*to.

                  Operator* on »hip» see the world and gel
                  good pay pluj expenses.

BIG PAYin RADIO

                                                                                  here that a Radio business of your own is one of rite
                                                                                  money-making opportunities ray training prepare* you for
                                                                                  in case you wish to settle down at home.

                                                  Get My FrM Book

                                                                                  Send the coupon below for ray 64-page book of oppor-
                                                                                  tune ies in Radio and information on ray home-stud*.
                                                                                  training. It has put hundreds of felluws	to

                                                                                  bigrer pay and success. It will tell you Marti; wlm
                                                                                  Radio offers you, and how my EmpluymrntVpautaML
                                                                                  helps you get into Radio after you gradyarCl^^^^^H
                                                                                  training with a signed agreement to,f*!un.l wety penny
                                                                                  of your money if, after completion^ you are
                                                                                  with the Lesson and Instruction Service I gisT you. Fill
                                                                                  in and mail the coupon NOW!

                                                                                  J. K. •MITM, Fiw, Dopi. 1CA3 As.

                                                                                  NiiImiI IU4S* laailiut*,

                                Wukl^lM, D. C.	S

Radio And let me emphaiiae right I {: .'’O' f!"*,	IPA1	I
-1---1 Nnlvul Radio limiiwic. Drpc I ,

jWutiamvlXC	I I

                                 jDear Mr. Smith: Send me jour book "Rich Rewardi ml'
        $400 a Montn	J Radio" giving information on the big-money opportunities f

 ‘‘The Radio field is getting !>n Ridio «"d your iamouj 50-50 roeihod ol horae-iiudri
 bigger and better every year, .training. I understand thit placei me under no obligation^ ■
 I have made more than $400 |anJ ,h*> »le«»*n will call,
 cach month and it really was |	| ;

your course that brought me to i -v**' —-----------------------------------11

 this." J. G. Dahlstead, 148+ So. ■

ISth St., Salt Lake City, Utah. . .Uirtu--------------------------------------------M

Travelled 75,000 Milei

  "Dear Mr. Smith: I have worked as Junior
Operator on board S. S. Dorchester and Chief
Operator of the Chester Sun. I have travelled
from 75,000 to 100,000 miles, visited ports in
various countries, fished and motored with mil-
lionaires, bc:n on airplane flights, etc. I am now
with Broadcasting Station WREN." (Signed)
Robin D. Compton, 1213 Vermont St., Law-
rencc. Ksnsis,